We want Change ,drain the Swamp of Frauds,you were a Number 1 Fraud that stated the Braking down of America,the only thing you Built up was Your Bank Account! God will save us despite your evil workings
By fake news cnn lol
And he is in France!?! Why the heck is he even in this debate?
I don't understand nor try to understand this "bot" crap but I guess I would expect nothing more from anyone who listens to fake news.
Sources. Lmao......try watching @cspan once in a while you will see your fake news medias getting caught in many lies.
2nd amendment stands in the way..Why do you want to disarm us?if you open a history book you see why we have the 2nd amendment (to protect us from tyrannical governments) threats foreign or domestic.. also, historically when a government does this mass genocide tends to follow...
Love how nobody sees it this way.
The children are being used as political scape-goats.
An AR-15, (armalite rifle)
Shoots the same rounds as my handguns.. and a bump stock eliminates accuracy (at a high fire rate).
Also states aren’t required to report back ground checks on a federal level.. So your crazy neighbor can still passs and receive their gun....legally. Fix a broken system. Don’t take the LAW-abiding citizens right to protect themselves, family, or whatever it may be.
I have a short shot gun loaded with #7 low base rounds for home protection.  However by the time I hear an intruder, pull the gun out, locate the ammo and load it the attacker is on me.  Get a black belt or learn to throw a knife.
Pre load it and lock it under your bed
mass shooting is not a new phenomenon. You were president for 8 years Barack, why did not you fix the problem back then?
Well, Larry! How about Barry took an oath to support and “defend” the constitution, which gives rights to bear arms. He didn’t honor his oath! How cool is that?
Larry isn't even an American. He knows nothing about what a Constitutional Republic is.  Invalid participant
President Obama you're exactly correct! You are so missed you were and still are my President. We desperately need a true and real man like you.
You don't know the real evil Obama, look into before you hop on the bandwagon, because I was all about Obama until I seen the awful truth
So share...and not from some conspiracy site..a factual site.
No matter what I show you , you will still say it isn't a fact? What is a factual site? Please don't say any of the bullshit major news stations like CNN or Snopes.. I seen proof from actual visual videos of the horrible shit actual big politics coming clean and getting killed
Thankyou@for this tweet to these amazing strong young people. I was blown away in awe of them. Yes they are the future generat
God Bless America if this is what's coming as the next generation. We are gonna need all the blessings we can get
You’re a stinking FASCIST. You’re back to Community Organizing again but this time it ISN’T going to work. #TheGreatAwakening YOU belong in #GITMO for your SEDITIOUS crimes. That WILL be justice.
@POTUS will make sure Obama's next stop on his hat in hand money grubbing tour for the cabal will be 
#Consequences
#TheStorm
#NoLibraryForHussein
#PrisonLibrary
#TheGreatAwakening 
@qanon
If young people marched for pro second amendment causes, you would not see this tweet.
You were an AWESOME PRESIDENT AND I TRULY MISS YOU. YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MY PRESIDENT. BEST WISHES TO YOU AND YOUR FAMILY
Look into the awful things he did, he embraced the patriot act.. he passed so many executive orders at midnight because how bad they where
And look what Trump doing is he any better
uh yeah.... Korea for example.
As always, we miss you
No we dont
Speak for yourself
He speaks for me too..why you miss this coon? He did nothing but leave the brothers on the plantation..He's a puppet for the slavery party
Let me guess, trumps doing more for me than Obama ever did? Am I on the right path?
Exactly. entrepreneur? That's capitalism. Obama hates that. You didn't build that. Remember that?
I’ll be honest and say I did not see any actual difference. As much as he preaches there has been no real affect to my business. Sorry to disappoint.
Please come back. We need you
Lol no we dont
In 8 years Barack Obama destroyed America, culturally & economically, creating a war against our police and causing a massive racial divide. 

In just one year, Trump is changing everything. Just imagine what the USA will look like in 7 years. Nice to see that America is back.
No doubt!!!
Mr. President, and I will always title you such because you were phenomenal and a superb leader given ur oppositions. The young folks are our future leaders and they stood for something. I too as very proud.

There is any leadership left in this world what’s going on in Indian occupied Kashmir and Palestine did any one care? It’s become crime being Muslim?
their nuke program, we all knew that was bullshit . So now this >>>http://freebeacon.com/national-security/iran-threatens-restart-nuke-enrichment-program-matter-days/ …
And GITMO is still open. Honestly, why do your adoring fans still think so highly of you? Must be because you are black
That must be it. Your skin color is the reason you got elected and its the reason your fan base still likes you. Pretty pathetic since you did nothing to help America .
Sir, for eight years you inspired a whole nation to be more! The youth of today learned that from you and Michelle! They are and will continue to make us proud and carry us forward!
Omg! I just 
It's obvious you and your wife are still trying to bring this Country down...can't you both accept that the devastation of the 8 yrs you were in office was enough. You need to let the real @POTUS take care of this Country and try his best to repair your damage.
Yep we finally got change and hope! Thank U President Trump.! 8 yrs of nothing but divide  Thank U President Trump for the change we have waited for. MAGA
For 8 years u didn’t do anything and now you have the audacity to say you’re proud and inspired?

Please help... these brave young souls should be nominated for the Noble Peace Prize. I am contacting the selectors but I need help!
The brave young crisis actors? David Hoggs changed his story multiple times! He also went to school in California originally and his dad is CIA.. so stop with this utter bs
You are a criminal.  You weaponizing Federal Agencies, DOJ, FBI, CIA, EPA, IRS, EPA, DOE against American Citizens who did not share your political ideology.  You will pay for your crimes sooner or later.
So Obama do you have enough brain washed kids to do your bidding . I wonder if they like being communists !
I admire u but do u realize Emma Gonzales picked on that kid. Do I agree kids killing kids no but I sure don’t want a cool kid bully telling me about gun rights.
Your policies were making our country poorer. Glad you are gone.
Your the best 
You are and were nothing but an America-hating coward. You sided with terrorists and sold our country down the river. You're a disgrace and will go down as the worst President in history. Nothing you say matters. You and your legacy are finished.

Thanks for your quality leadership.

Trump @ 50% approval vs Barack @ 46% on April 2nd. Difference?  Trump has 98% media attacking him negatively while media praised Barack 100% of the time & covering up all his massive crimes.
#Trump 50% approval rating amazing considering POTUS receives 100% negative #FakeNewsMedia coverage- 
#Winning #MondayMotivaton…
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS is giving priority to ALL American citizens, including ALL races.  Illegal immigrants only overload the alrdy fragile US economy & invites dangerous criminals to our country.  The @SecretService  is FINALLY on our side!  THANK YOU!
Oh how I miss you both y'all wisdom and your knowledge but most of all the understanding you have for the people of God love you to life
They don't truly believe in god..look into it
For some they think they are a God but there's only one and sooner or later he is going to send his wrath down I know it he said it, I believe it and that settles it
I guess you ARE the bad parents, no photos of Trumps kids smoking pot or showing their ass at a concert
You were the good parent? Bawahahahahahahahahahaha  You mean the most divisive P in the history of the U.S. The man who tied the hands of the police, let the ME do what it wanted and created BLM and Antifa... #Resist my a**
THE MANCHURIAN CANIDATE NEEDS TO GO HOME. BE QUIET AND WAIT FOR THE JAILERS
TO COMEFOR HIM.


You are right @BarackObama . Millions of voices called for change and now we have @realDonaldTrump . He makes you looks like a 4th grade student with his accomplishments. You and your false narratives about race will soon be scoffed at. Give back your Nobel Prize you phony. #MAGA
ITS TRUE OBAMA CHANGED USA. BUT IT WAS BAD CHANGE.  IN 8 YRS OBAMA TURNED USA INTO A 3RD WORLD COUNTRY. WE ARE BETTER THAN THAT. LEFTISTS WILL NOT WIN ANY MORE ELECTIONS FOR AT LEAST THE NEXT 20 YRS.
Thank u for your inspiration after reading your post i feel confident that things will improve with time
Can we have you back?? Please  If only...
Shocking picture of Africans being held and sold as slaves by Muslims in Libya 
Nobody cries for them. No International Body moves a finger. 
In the meantime - BLM makes allies with these same Muslims in USA.

You can thank Obama and Hillary for facilitating this.
Lol you gun control freaks need to stop and think, drugs have been illegal since the 1930s....... People still get them, so all you will be doing is taking away protection from law abiding citizens, work out well for germany in the 30s and Britain is doing great with gun control
The young people didn’t make it happen and everyone knows it. They’re are being abused for your antil American agenda. Millions on the other side know it.
Mr, Has been, i you will do anything to keep discord goin g in this country that you hate so much.
And never inspired you the little ones that never march because they were aborted? Millions of silenced voices that never had the opportunity. Murder.
By "change" you mean steps to giving up our rights?
Yes Sir! I am also proud of these young folks standing up as well. They understand what is going on and they do not need to be 18 or 21 to be viable. They already understand the truth about what is going on, and what needs to addressed.
Mr President 
Still waiting for the follow back
Follow him, please!!!!!!
Thank you Mr. Real President! Refreshing after tweeter tantrums today from the REAL FAKE president @realDonaldTrump a sad bitter unqualified individual creating chaos for no apparent reason.
You have been the most miserable “leader” this country has ever had with the possible exception of Benedict Arnold and of Benedict wasn’t born here either! Contemplating 1000 of you brings nightmares.
Naaaaa the worst is @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS who will continue to be Putin’s puppet and run us right into the ground. Ps before you call me names my idiot self voted that sick  in also. Ashamed. #Resistance #LockHimUp
Not going to call you names. We appear to have done the same thing. Voted for one who disappointed. There are many things about Obama that offended me, but (as a 40+ year Dept of Defense guy) and federal retiree, the worst is that he and Eric Holder took oaths that neither kept!
As the former wife of a high ranking USAF intel officer I understand fully.
Barack, we miss you here in Amsterdam. Now you, Michelle and your beatuiful girls can come incognito and REALLY enjoy our art. Forget the Rijkmseum. Visit the Van Gogh Museum, the Amsterdam Hermitage, the Stedelijk. I'd love to be your guide. 
Dear Mr President nicaragua need helps, the police kill the people, students, citizens and young people, recently die a children by fire gun of the police, please need helps
Thank you so much Mr President I am a disabled veteran who truly believes in the core values of our country please keep your voice strong
Help us help THEM! A major law changed and no one is talking about it! We hope you will join our movement >> http://www.paytheinterns.com  #paytheinterns @BarackObama
i know you currently not the president  but youll always be my Prez
So in love with you and Michelle and everything you do. You are such a good example of a solid family and marriage. I, too, am inspired by the young people. So much more savvy than we were in the Sixties.
What dose change mean to u?  Turning this country communist???
No more kids being killed in school that they go to everyday to learn n get educated my kid worries everyday is he gonna b shot ? If that makes me Communist????  Then call me #RED
NO! Don't keep this going it is creating controversy and problems in this amazing country! Plus, if you ask 50% of the people marching they have no idea what the march is about! @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020 #MAGA #TrumpTrain
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @VP @TomFitton @lthomer175 @TuckerCarlson @RealJamesWoods  @WhiteHouse @DonaldJTrumpJr @seanhannity @ScottPresler
I stand with the ones who did not march who see the globalist gun grab you push , the ones who see we have rights that you can take away and millions of voices stand strong for our second and you cant stand it that your communist movement will never succeed
Barack Obama will be remembered by his ridiculous appeasement of foreign enemies. Giving the rise to Islamic Caliphate, the rise to Islamo fascist Iran and the rise and expansion of Russia power
BET founder: Trump economy brings black workers back into labor force -
Hmm...seems to be a pattern here.
Yes we can !!! You spent 8 years in the Whitehouse with a little achievement. So I don't really know what you can achieve now?
...except possibly the rights of an entire population, when the millions marching want to remove/restrict that right.
Thanks for inspiring!
I'm inspired that you'll be tried and convicted of sedition and treason in the very near future.  You and your administration are a stain on our history that we'll never get out, but we will ultimately see justice.  The #MuellerInvestigation has exposed you all.

#LockThemAllUp
BathHouse Barry in the house
I MISS YOU
Kinda like the millions of voices that called for hope and change 10 years ago?  That didn’t end well for you... Donald Trump is your legacy.
Hey, forgot to change your masthead. You AREN'T President anymore.  (Thank GOD)
Amen!
Say more, please. Speak out.
Thanks for the inspiration
Nothing like an old document called the Constitution standing in their way.  But you didn’t have a problem Rampling on the Constitution
LOL, you are hilarious!

Your words encourage us and remind us to stay focused.
Greaet President BarackObama
We miss you. 
Mr. Obama is so inspirational, as always
You right, my president.
Beautiful said Mr. President. The younger generation are the ones that have to change things.
Bless you, sir.
I enjoy hearing from you Mr. President


Truth.
Thank you so much
Thank you two for inspiring the world!
We miss your integrity
I love you all Can you please send this to all GOP’s?

The kids who follow you eat Tide Pods and snort condoms up their noses and out their mouths. They complain about having to carry clear backpacks to school, when 17 of their classmates are not alive to carry these clear backpacks. These are the kids who worship you.

Thank you Mr President I always annoy your educated, friendly response, comment, speech and more. What we have now in the White House makes me sick
Then u don't know the truth about Obama
Your right and Trump is changing America for the http://better.My  paycheck is $60.00 more per week so $240.00 a month that's a lot for most people who works hard .That's what happens when taxes and regulations are cut.Thank God we live in America.
Just wait 24 months when it all disappears and your deductions too!
No he is going to win in 2020 America will never allow a jack with no morals like Hillary or Obama  again they al.kst destroyed the U.S. Americans love their jobs and like their taxes low as possible.We also like our gun a d most of all we are sick of political correctness...
We miss you come back !
The change came when you two left office. Best day of my life!!!
Mine too
Yes, our young people are leading and speaking up and making us proud. We must all join with them, raise our voices, and stand with them in every sense of the word. With passion and dignity, in peace. Testifying to the justice of our cause.
History will show that your policies regarding race, economics and foreign interactions set this country back 50 yrs!
Sir is because you led them by example!!!
Most evil president ever... Obama
You are truly missed Thank You for your service.......
im not even from the usa but u still being my president
Stand up and be heard young people
Except the dictator and his American oligarks, like the Koch Bros. & Robert Mercer, who are destroying our government every day. Privatization is what Putin did in Russia; take the people’s government aaway and give all our wealth and power to them.
Thanks for the work.
I'm sure that the positive encouragement from you and Michelle will help to keep them strong!  #lovebarackobama  #lovemichelleobama
That's a positive impact on the world.
Barack&Michelle Obama your words of wisdom and encouragement will enlighten the Worst and Best of are Nation. Thank you.
You are truly missed, Mr President!  Regardless of who is in the White House, you will always be my president.  One voice leads to another and another working towards a common goal - change.
We are talking about someone who bombed 7 countries
These young people are inspiring, brave and focused, in spite of the harrowing experience and #ptsd they’re bound to face. I hope their exemplary action inspires others; I certainly am.
Dear President Obama , Great leaders like you are needed morer than ever to shape our families and make a positive outcome for future leaders.I'm praying for restoration of the United States of America for genaration to come.

Facts beats ignorant teens,,in the end!!
Millions of people supported you, myself included,but you left the grassroots on the White House lawn & instead represented corporate special interests. What a huge waste of opportunity you had. History will show the truth.
Nobel Peace prize recipient.....

What a joke
Corrupt globalist puppet
That sounds about right coming from you, fits the left's agenda. What about the ones who support the #2A? Oh thats the right of the people that is trying to be erased so everyone can become enslaved.
Please be our president again 
#MAGA
Amen
Let’s start to take chance  young people live in better world ...
Thanks for your  great comments for the young youth
I miss having a real President. #NoDramaObama. #ComeBackBarack.
Great. Thank you sir but please visit our gofundme page and help our cause by leaving your donations. Thank you.
Young people rock!
My beautiful surrogate Father was a black Baptist Minister. Very popular in San Fran. Best parents ever. And now Trump is best President ever. 
You guys have not helped in the slightest. History will tell.
screw you obammie & moochelle!! you had your time, go away.

Keep talking Obama someday you may believe your own words


Dude get move somewhere out side of the U.S and shut up
Ugh  man he’s talking so much BS
Yeah the only reason why you were inspired is so that you can brainwash and twist their mind and what you want them to do you're as bad as Hitler

President Obama, the 6-12 owners of all the media’s decide what the issues are. They meet once a year to talk about what & how to promote their agenda. If people don”t realize it, they fall victim to it. I figure that’s 90-95% of us. The realty is this: kid’s don’t know anything.
As you sat back and did NOTHING thru 14 massacres in our nation. 
Your puppet master, Soros & your work to destroy OUR nation will be exposed! Trust in that! 
I’m not democrat but also not republican. I’m more of a George Washington.. 
Ur 1/2 right nothing will stand in the Way of the millions on the trump train calling for change and the undoing of everything you thought you would get away with are you feeling the heat tick tock its going to be great to see you in handcuffs #MAGA #KAG2020 #ObamaGate
This is not a change America stands for!

#libya this is #obama & #hillary legacy
The return of slavery to #Africa
Congratulation idiots you fcuked the world up

…
I will NEVER FORGET you allowing alien criminals to come here and YOU ALLOWED them to get a free pass and stay here. There is blood on your hands and your SOUL Barack. #KateSteinle #BuildTheWall
Michelle and I are so inspired by all the young people who made today’s marches happen. Keep at it. You’re leading us forward. Nothing can stand in the way of millions of voices calling for change.
lol what a joke the great race divider speaks, destroyer of our immigration policies, this man is a traitor to Working Americans. We can expect the retirement age to be raised to 80 years as we need to pay for the foreign Invaders, being added to welfare & Medicaid wake up Billy
Thanks you the world foremost President, we felt the effect of your economy and peace reform to the shore of Africa
Where is you reaction to those children killed in Chicago, Detroit, Baltimore? Those that u gave a sense of hope while u sleep in a huge comfy bed. What did u do for those children. Nothing.


Good Community Organizer - Alinsky would be proud
Mass shootings have been going on for longer than any AR 15 has been around, people are to blame not the weapons. Teach your children right from wrong.
Whatever
Maybe the 2nd amendment stands in the way, plus the 20 trillion debt you left for those young people to pay off.
The power of youth is the common wealth for the entire world. The faces of young people are the faces of our past, our present and our future. No segment in the society can match with the power, idealism, enthusiasm and courage of the young people.

Billions of voices telling you where to go will silence that. Get used to it. Your now gone and thank God for that.
Change that will NEVER happen. You, nor a bunch of teenagers will take away #2



You mean mike cause she’s a he
Hi u OK I'm new to twitter and u share intrests
You and Flotus Michelle inspire me everyday. Thank you for being you. 
Can you and Michelle PLEASE come back and save us from the most awful president that has ever been “elected” in the USA!? Even Melania doesn’t want to touch Trump! That says more than words could ever convey . #obama4life #youarethisgenerationskennedy #bestprez

May you end up behind bars....

Good God, what will the MSM do now?I just heard #Laura Ingram call #Michelle Obama a "beautiful woman"...lol
More armed security is needed in schools. We protect our airports more than our schools.    The marches are unnecessary.
You mean Michael and I
Thank you Barack an Michelle you make an AWESOME team!!!
Except this wall of patriots. Btw you are a terrible person. How does it feel to be the worst president in history? You could have united us but instead, you played the race card and made everything worse.
Gun control doesn't hurt the criminals -- it hurts law abiding citizens.  Criminals could care less about gun control laws.  #SecondAmendment #MAGA #Qanon #MaggieNix
انا يوسف من غزة ممكن ان تساعدني وضعي صعب جدا ..
Great sir
Hi Barack, I am only one person in the UNited States but I am seeing a big problem! Today I came upon several articles about the Trump Regime! It has to do with a group of elected CNP! The goal is to gut our country and leave a shell and a Theocracy! I Help!

What exactly will this change?  You should be ashamed of yourself for poisoning the mind of our youth with your propaganda.

Obama Presents the All American Rape and Sexual Perversion Awards 
Optimistic MPMPHD1 Absolutely !  Equality is freedom!  Let our voices be heard around the world.  Together, we will make a difference in our best interests.
Dear God I can't express how badly this country misses you in office. Please, please ask Michelle to run in 2020!!! If not maybe Mr Comey would consider running, we must do something a democracy is in danger, thank you all for your service in distinction!!! XO
We are optimistic because the hope, the drive, the motivation, and faith live by is not invain. In fact, regardless who is the President today, our positive actions, our democracy, our progress, and the votes will demonstrate our optimism. Thanks President Obama for your service.
You are an Alinskyite fascist using young kids. It's despicable.
http://www.cbc.ca/listen/shows/morning-north/segment/15537250 …     https://www.gofundme.com/helping-tanya-fight-brain-cancer …
Your tweets are just so positive! Something this world needs a positive influence
Barack what ya think, are you and Michelle happy TRUMP has done more good in 1 year than you did in 8 ? MAGA...
hi i miss you:(
I miss you man... seriously.

YAAAAASSSS THE OBAMAS ARE HERE
#BarackObama  I know this is a completely different topic.. but I hope u have heard what happened to our little sister #Asifa . So just a quick question ,"what would you have done if you were the president or prime minister of India"?or the father of the child
What's up Gog??! ;-)
#TimePhoneHack #TeamTyler
@UN @UNICEF @narendramodi 
#RapistsDeservesDEATH
#WeKilledAsifa
#WeKilledOurChild
#JusticeforAsifa 
#JusticeForAshifa 
#JusticeForUnnao 
#Justiceforourdaughters 
#JusticeForOurGirls 
#Asifa
#Kathua 
#Unnao 
#BetiBachao 
#BalatkariJantaParty
You were, and still are, a piece of sh*t. Eight years and you did NOTHING but make the problem worse.
