All the hard work was worth it. I got accepted to Harvard at 16!!  #Harvard #Harvard2022 
To our nation’s young people, I see how hard so many of you work to #ReachHigher, and I want you to know that you inspire @BarackObama and me each and every day. We’re rooting for you!
Your words of encouragement to kids are not lost on this conservative. I hope you continue to stay active in your support for education. You are a model person

congratulations!
Congratulations to you and your parents
Bravo!!!! Young King Bravo!
Probably can't spell Harvard .But,neither could the Kenyan Muslim.  Affirmative Action anyone ??   Morons 
@MichelleObama  would you do me a favor and give this guy a big ole hug for me

Amazing !!!
You Have Spoken Well Ma , Me Too I Luv To Study But Since Graduate From Collage, I Have no any Other Way To Go To The Univesty, Am Sylvester From Nigeria Just 20yrs.
RT'ed"@MichelleObama (Post, already, RT'ed when Posted by @FLOTUS44 -, But .. - Do you remember these 2++'....?!!: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1yAOK0nSb0&gl=US …), mj (#ReachHigher)
Fantastic
You inspire me Michelle Obama
Congratulations & Much Success 
I’m thinking  of sending in an application to @Harvard it wouldn’t hurt to try. Never say I can’t do this,always keep pushing forward! Congratulations  to that young man !
I am so proud of you, a job well done.
How Sweet is This!  

I wish that happiness to me one day!!! I’m so happy for him!!
Stay focus on what you want until you get it....
Congtatulations
Wow
Simply amazing!!!
God bless our children, and keep making their dreams come true! Thanks champion Obama for your inspiration

Congratulations To Aytron Little!!! For His Hard Work In Pursuit Of Higher Education. Education Truly Is Power!!!
Vous etes petit ange et grand princesse...Michelle.
@you are an inspiration to me a girl from Zimbabwe
Yes Boston is an exceptional town. I loved being a student athlete at UMass
It's only a matter of time before the motavites behind the death of Jon Rivers is expose. There's a lot of talk among industries insiders about the nature of who people truly are. I'm sure the truth will be unveiled 
It's good that some kids are going to become something other than a convicted felon!
Could this be any more of an inspiration?
Lol if the kid was white you would t have posted this you and that Clown destroyed this country
Two of the few times I've ever cried. 
Tears of happiness on the day of @BarackObama 's inauguration, tears of sadness the day you both left office for the last time aboard Marine One.
Yep, l feel ya. And l am in Ireland yet these 2 inspire me! Great human beings.
@FioUllon
You will always be OUR First Lady!
Absolutely
/?~?~?~22
Happy Valentine’s Day!

Hopefully you won't ruin his graduation with one of your  "how hard it was for me" speecheswhen,in reality, you are simply a pampered privileged affirmative action recipient.
Well done!

The artist chosen to paint the #ObamaPortraits appears to be a radical racist whose other works include black people beheading whites.  No wonder The Obamas picked him. 
Good luck young man ... a bright spot in our country’s future
This Michelle Obama pic is a bit off more like Michael with a hard on in a  
@MichelleObama
Send them to art school so they can paint a better portrait of you! Man, your portrait sucks! Looks nothing like you. Thats not a complement, believe me.
Hi
He’s black
I am of the students here in PAPUA NEW GUINEANS, but struggling to school, financial problems,desire to go further studies but no hope.
Awesome!
How about those from the #Chiraq
The restaurant of Korean · Pyeongchang dog meat restaurant was asked to stop offering the menu during the Olympics, but the dog meat restaurant refused the request.http://news.livedoor.com/article/detail/14275628/ … …
#DogMeat #PyeongchangWinterOlympics #AllDogMeatRestaurant #StopDogMeat
https://www.facebook.com/feedfirstusa/ 
Mrs Obama you ever think about running for President. I think that you could http://win.You  were the greatest 1st lady
WOW

Wow
You and your husband always showing BLACKS!!!!! A bit prejudice I would say as he was as President for 8 years.
Dggdfg

#racist

How many of your DACA kids go to Harvard . This 39 year old Illegal was deported, my heart epwent to his kids but he had at least 20 years to apply to become a citizen I guess he like his comfort Illegal zone
Hello
I miss you and your husband leading our country. Both of you have a warm and empathetic style that money could never buy. The Obama's are Priceless
Yes, it’s called Class !
There is so much good that comes from “ my neck of the woods”.. Thank you much
Nobody picked Sandy Hook as their dream school?  Probably because it was closed on December 14, 2012 when your lousy community organizer of a Chicago slum faked the deaths of 20 kids.
I love this I miss you First Lady thanks for trying to make a difference out here very proud mom to had you in that White House

@livvy_taylorx
More grace maa
Nope they won't!
It's hard to see minds wasted in chicago public school systems when my grandkids has to come back from living in DuPage County area more advanced in learning, terrified from the abuse and bullying from students, staff at CPS. No homework or teaching they say.
We need our Public School System completely overhauled! It would be nice to see that from a young age children are taught and encouraged by what they excel at from early on and that their training and learning be targeted within that chosen field. It would save money,time and joy
Blessings to you young man!
Awesome
At least now they do not have to succumb to the crappy lunches y shoved down their throats.
USA Dreamers
michelle obama is a classless woman. 
Her disdain for others not her is her dominant feature.
Going on Ellen and disparaging Melania is just who she is.
Laura Bush on the other hand is the epitome of class and dignity.
Let keep winning as young people, our society depends on us for change.
Progress

Lord knows you are both missed so much. Now back to the chaos. Keep those kind words coming. Love you both.
It's the crushing debt when they are finished and high interest rates on loans that will hinder their path to amazing contributions and lives.
You just crashed my little party with some cold hard truth, Lynne!  
Oh my gosh this is heart warming!
My understanding is, that one of your husband's first decisions was to cancel a special program established by G. Bush, which enabled few specially gifted black children to enter exclusive school free of tuition. Is this correct?
I went to college, graduated and now #nelnet is harassing me to pay for my dream. #debt #whattheydonttellyou But congratulations to all of the future debt victims.
They don't care about your dream.  Their dream is keeping people in debt for STUDENT LOANS for the rest of their lives.
I taught teenagers with learning disabilities for 30 years. I have very joyous memories. Then I taught GED classes to adults in a residential treatment center for substance abuse. I have had students from GED get their college degrees. It is the best feeling!
Thank you for your work!
Well done young man 
Thank you awesome woman..you inspired me. Praying I'm accepted in the PhD program
Best of luck to you
greetings Mrs.Obama
Lack of educational support to further studies abroad among the poor families in Kenya is a big problem..
Mrs. Obama, you and I the President are awesome - keep stepping Sis.!
Please, if you can help our children get into a prestigious college do so immediately. A child without an education is a child with a life of struggle. All children should go too college, even if it's just for an AA.
You are rigjt.
God is good! Congratulations
You did a Reach Higher format on our campus. Howard Community College in Columbia, MD. We support the DREAMERS! Thank you
My heart is full of happiness and joy for this guy
Congratulations!!!!!!  So happy for you and your parents.
Congratulations
Never too old to continue to #reachhigher
Yesssss!!!!
Educação é a base de tudo é o Pilar de uma sociedade país de valor valoriza o estudo
I really agree.
Get my Book from xlibris it was written in Honor of Barack
Congratulations to all the students
My daughter was accepted to 3 schools with St. John's University in New York being her choice thus far.  We are hoping for more scholarships
Have cried at this 11 times today
I love you to the .. Shaker , Egypt.
http://cxchange.com.ng/ 
Kya Sap hme Help kr skte Ho mai bhut garib hu or Hume Amerika me khi jam dial do  to Mai Aapna maa Papa ko Achha se dekh sku Michelle Obama mai Aapke country me hme koi naukri De do plz. Plz
So amazed and beyond proud of all the hard working young people in the world. God Bless and continue to prosper!!
I am poor man
I am help me
I'm so happy for you bro
this literally made me cry just so beautiful to see. intelligence, perseverance, strength, support, love
Dont forget about those who dont get into their dream schools. All the pressure and stress is hurting some of our kids #SuicidePrevention
Nice. Go. Go
Bjr, comment vs allez?
I love you.
. Es admirable como aun despues de dejar su cargo como 1era. Dama siga usted pendiente de los sueños de estos niños
You are so missed!!!
Congratulations young man. I felt like I am the one who had been admitted. Unfortunately I am now forty years I am hopping to teach at Harvard one of these days. All things are possible!
Your husband is an amazing man. The only TRULY Presidential person history has ever witnessed. YOU are also amazing. Eleanor Roosevelt is a distant 2nd runner-up. Time you ran the country, Madam President?
That’s very good
so proud of you!!
Indeed
Yahoo! Good news for a change!

I love this video!
You don’t have to go to sleep to dream!!!!
#ReachHigher,  the hope this country offers.
Oh my, dreams being realized. Hard work and focus pays off!! Congrats...
@MichelleObama I will never forget October 2008 as long as I live. You and @BarackObama are the epitome of what any human being should consider success. Thank you for all you did and continue to do to make humanity better. One love
Thanks for the follow and God bless
We would love for you to be our graduation speaker #june4
Thank you Obamas, you give all of us hope for better days.
Wow! What an outstanding accomplishment!
@MichelleObama you are my inspiration I miss you not been@ the white house 
Congratulations
2017 Makes it a Decade Since I Graduated
Right on
