you've never been considered very bright 
Way to debunk your own argument !.
Gotta love the full stop after the exclamation mark. Sheer brilliance...& oh, what was your point again?
so how is passing more laws going to help? Help me understand? If we can't enforce the laws that are already in place?
Current law prevents many tragedies. Closing loopholes will prevent prevent more. Every 1 saved is 1 more.
cite one case where current laws prevented a tragedy? Our laws are already too convoluted to enforce. #think
Closing gun loopholes is not making laws more convoluted but less. Make ALL gun sales the same, ALL w/bckgnd
would not have prevented Orlando or Sandyhook, still won't. #think
No law is 100% effective. But no laws at all is always a failure. Every mass shooting prevented is a win.
we already have laws, mass murders still happen, so your argument is invalid. I'm challenging you to #think
Why do you think gun shows should be different then other sales? Why should ever be easy for a felon to buy a gun? #thinkhard
Criminals who broke 3 other laws are going to follow a 4th law? Any idea how dumb that sounds?

@SenatorCantwell
#2A
did you know that the majority of mass shooters and serial killers are registered democrats? Ban democrats
Make it illegal-er?
#2A #gunsense 
@SenatorCantwell
#Didyouknow 61% of perpetrators who killed police officers w guns in WA were prohibited from owning guns but were still able to obtain them?
yes I agree... It should be much more illegaler
So, did they buy them at a gun store or gun show? Did they get a BGC? No. They stole them! We should pass a law re: theft!
more restrictive laws will not work
So, you Democrats are finally figuring out that the criminals do not obey the laws?
did you know that 100% of the US Senate are boobs?
#
Could you retire instead of continuing to solicit civil war? You already have a laudable career of pork solicitation.
-#DidYouKnow that in the UK (where guns are banned) a member of Parliament was just shot?
@Mike_USPatriot @scrowder
#DidYouKnow guns aren't banned in the uk. They're heavily restricted
- just like they want to restrict guns in America?!?@SenatorCantwell @Mike_USPatriot @scrowder @KurtSchlichter @ScotsFyre @Llyrin
can't comment on that. But shootings are very rare incidents in uk: fatal ones even more so
- you ignore the point. Gun control proponents claim this would not happen. Criminals don't obey laws.
@ScotsFyre @Shooters_Wife
but you make it as hard to do as possible, hence only 30 fatal shootings last year
- I'll bet the criminal had the guns. @ScotsFyre @Shooters_Wife
How did they get them, Senator? And how many of the them were previous felons that should have never been on the street?
Did you know 100% of perps that used heroin were prohibited from owning heroin but was still able to obtain it?
Thanks for proving our point.  #DidYouKnow criminals don't follow the law.
Criminals don't obey the law. That's why they're called 'criminals.' Get the point? There's still gun violence in England.
#DidYouKnow that means the government cannot even enforce the laws it has now meaning more of them won't help?@SenatorCantwell
You can never make enough laws to ensure good behavior from people willing to break the law. That is all.
Did you know that means they obtained them illegally? Your point about more laws is...?
so they ignored the law?? Better pass more of them, that should do the trick.
No law ever passed works 100% of the time. Every law not passed fails 100% of the time #guncontrolplease
didn't those perpetrators know murder was illegal ?     Validate your 2nd Amendment Rights..... Carry
Silver lining: This mean increasing gun laws would be pretty damn pointless and only affect the law abiding.
#2A
#TFP
That's what we've been trying 2tell u. Criminals don't care abt law. Stop hiring terrorists 2work4 DHS security contractors
You guys let 'em out of jail too soon.cause the prohibition was they were felons!!!!!
so if we can't enforce the laws we do have how are more laws going to be anymore effective
Sounds like a good reason NOT to have more gun control. Pointless.
wait, so your saying that they broke the law? The law that said they couldn't have a gun? Shocker. That worked well.
How did they obtain them??
.@SenatorCantwell I'm sure they legally bought them from a gun store
.@SenatorCantwell also
They sure as hell did not waltz their happy asses into a gun shop and buy one, they got one illegally off the streets!
This shows precisely why more gun laws only hurt law abiding citizens and do nothing to stop killers. #CriminalsBreakLaws
What % were AR-15s? Hint: 0.
Let's be HONEST.  When has a LAW ever prevented a criminal act?  Answer is NEVER.  Laws only define crimes not stop them.
a criminal broke a law? You don't say..
Oh do you mean criminals acted like criminals?In spite of laws, were able to get guns? You want more laws?Are you confused?
so making guns illegal is pointless. Got it. Thanks.
@DrSueDVM So should we take away the guns from the law abiding folks so the criminals will then be the only ones armed?
So? More 'laws' will fix this? 

If the answer is "more government", it was a stupid question ..
They used bombs that were also illegal. How is that gun ban working for them?
The terrorists who attacked Paris in November used "assault weapons" that were banned in that country.
Just curious how many people have been convicted under I594???
They would always be able to obtain them.  Either organized crime will serve that demand or they will build them themselves
It is impossible to disarm people bent on criminal murder. See today's shooting in the UK where guns are banned.
so pass a law to make owning an illegal gun illegal @ScotsFyre
There by proving the ineptitude of the government to protect us...very enlightening.
@SenatorCantwell
Ironic that the police disagree with you and believe that legally armed citizens save lives.  We are the first responders.
I'll acknowledge that. If u acknowledge this.. Mass shootings happen in gun FREE ZONES
And AK-47
are prohibited all across France. Yet, terrorist still obtained them. Banning guns doesn't stop violence
Studies have shown , most are stolen
So let's make more laws that criminals won't follow? Why do you hate civil rights? #NotLogical
100% of murderers violate the law.
#DidYouKnow  by definition, criminals do not obey laws, so what is your point?
Thank you!  You were great yesterday!  #coupeville #Enough #gunviolence
Would you feel better if it was 100%?
so yes, do you finally understand that more gun laws wont help? @SenatorCantwell @ScottInSC @CounterMoonbat #tcot #NRA #Orlando #gunsense
https://twitter.com/ForAmerica/status/743476453551939584 … @JaneKappes @SenatorCantwell @ScottInSC @CounterMoonbat
Syrian immigrant praised 9/11. Becomes U.S. citizen in 2015. Now @lulainlife is Homeland Security adviser to Obama. 
Which means you know damn well the only people you are trying to disarm are those who are a threat to tyranny.
so your point is, gun laws work? Is that your point?
.@SenatorCantwell Maybe it's time to vigorously prosecute those who are arrested in possession of an illegal firearm. Just a thought
Did you know that all of the people using illegal drugs were able to get them?
So, your solution to laws clearly not working is to write more laws that will only disarm law abiding citizens? Smart.
|| @kbalensifer at least they're marginally more intelligent in Oregon, right? 
Did you know that 100% of criminals who use guns to break the law have broken the law?

It's true.
Exactly.  Gun laws don't work because criminals -*SURPRISE*- ignore laws!
Proves that if you outlaw guns only outlaws will have guns. #shallnotinfringe
You will become famous for the tweet sunshine as you are admitting your gun law failed.
So, your conclusion is that ambitious criminals can illegally acquire guns through a Black Market system. You're 100% right
Ummmmm  smh 
Unflippinbelievablebuffoonery
That's odd, I thought you fascists passed a law and promised it would fix that.
wouldn't it make sense to pass laws that makes it illegal to kill a police officer??  I'm sure that would stop it.
duh
So we need more laws that criminals won't obey.  Makes perfect sense!!
@SenatorCantwell
we need to REALLY prosecute people that sell Guns Illegally.
So...if your tweets are all signed -MC, you need to re-evaluate your staff! You have one needing "Tweet guidance!"
@SenatorCantwell
ITS ALWAYS BLAMING GUNS WITH YOU PEOPLE ITS SICKENING #DidYouKnow CRIMINALS DONT FOLLOW GUN LAWS
You have no clue how stupid that statement sounds do you? Or maybe you do & are counting on everyone being stupid?
so the answer is more laws, of course!
Can you please explain how another law will stop those who already break them? #DidYouKnow or #Doyouhaveaclue
Please tell me you actually said this on the floor on record!Cause this is brilliant!! U just admitted thugs don't do LAW!
So are you aiming for 100%?
do you really think a criminal committing a crime cares about laws?
So, you're making the point that gun laws don't work. Welcome to the real world.
lawbreakers break the law?
#CognitiveDissonance
BREAKING NEWS! @SenatorCantwell learns that water is wet! The horror!
Think. *Then* tweet.
criminals broke the law? Hard to believe...
So all the laws and background checks didn't stop them from getting guns? It's almost like they're criminals or something.
Do you know that murder is illegal? Even in WA.
is your solution to ban all guns?
@SenatorCantwell
so yes... criminals don't follow the law..Good job Senator
and how about the one law, it is illegal to MURDER.....!!!??
Judging by how this tweet went over, Sen. Maria Cant Tweet Well
You've correctly noted that criminals break the law. Why don't we stop them from breaking the law, then?
how many of the people who illegally supplied them with guns went to prison?
Criminals don't follow laws... so let's pass more of them so those who do can't defend themselves. Good plan!
So you're saying criminals don't follow the laws? Hey, let's make more laws they won't follow! #guncontrolplease #fail
.@SenatorCantwell Duh, EXACTLY! That's why gun control only keeps guns from law abiding citizens, criminals/terrorists will still get them.
did u know that 100% of police officers are supposed to protect our rights not trample them? Much like what u r attempting.
Wow senator, criminals don't follow the law you say?

Let's punish the lawful with more laws!

https://twitter.com/senatorcantwell/status/743269863637061632 …
@SenatorCantwell
#Didyouknow 61% of perpetrators who killed police officers w guns in WA were prohibited from owning guns but were still able to obtain them?
<------ has Sheila Jackson Lee as her advisor & speech writer. Dumbfuckery is infectious..
Can't we just pass more laws on cop killing? That would be just as effective.
@SenatorCantwell
by that logic @SenatorCantwell let's just make sure everyone on the FBI watch list gets their Assault Rifles legally!
Same with Prohibition. Did ya stop alcohol? Cocaine is illegal too. Do people not obtain that?

Demand drives the purchase!
This is a great example of why you are known as one of the stupidest people in the Senate.
#DidYouKnow 100% of perpetrators who killed police officers w guns in WA were prohibited from killing police officers?
Do you see how unbelievably stupid that tweet was? How about this: 100% of law breakers break the law?
i say we make murder illegal.  That should stop terrorists!
That could b true. What your not saying is, ....they were not purchased from a Federally licensed firearm dealer.
Breaking: Criminals don't obey the law.
@instapundit Unexpectedly?
#didyouknow banning something DOES NOT prevent bad guys from getting that item. drugs, perhaps?
.@RickCanton @SenatorCantwell how many prosecutions/investigations to prosecute those who provided the guns? See #projectexile NRA supports
What percentage of them were registered democrats that you are using as justification to take my liberty away? @SenatorCantwell #MakeItStop
Are you saying Criminals DON'T obey laws? and Laws will not effect #gunviolence. Brilliant!!! #2A  @SenatorCantwell
#Didyouknow 61% of perpetrators who killed police officers w guns in WA were prohibited from owning guns but were still able to obtain them?
So they stole them or bought them on the black market? If so gun controls measures propose RN will not stop this.
.@SenatorCantwell so what you're saying is gun control laws don't work?
the stupid is strong in this one.
So was the person who shot the U.K. PM. http://www.theatlantic.com/news/archive/2016/06/uk-mp-jo-cox-attacked/487316 … Lotta' good your ban would accomplish...
Do you mean to tell me criminals behave like criminals???  Shocking!  Perhaps if it were made illegal....er?
are you saying criminals didnt go through normal channels to get a weapon!? Shocking!!!
Of the 61% how many perps used a gun that was built specifically for the military?
#DidYouKnow Criminals don't follow the law?
Your logic? has no depth. It is as shallow as puddle of malarky. Mandatory Carry would end a lot of this nonsense.
Would you be happier if cops were shot by legal gun owners? Not seeing your point here.
Did nobody tell them they could not have them? I'm sure they'd be embarrassed if they ever found out.
Criminals don't obey gun laws. Gotcha, @SenatorCantwell
#Didyouknow 61% of perpetrators who killed police officers w guns in WA were prohibited from owning guns but were still able to obtain them?
@simplylorilee @SenatorCantwell Dylan Roof was no criminal until.....
so they broke a gun control law?
@randyprine What's the point here?
yes, by illegal means. I'm sure you meant to add that, yes?
@randyprine That's where Universal background checks might have an impact? #filibuster
Some of the guns were even provided by ATF. Point is, even with guns banned, criminals successfully obtain weapons and kill
In Mexico, 100% of perpetrators who killed police officers, military, or Mexican citizens, were prohibited from owning guns
I'm begging to think you have no brain functionality whatsoever. Do you even think before you type?
why can't you realize that more gun laws only effect lawful citizens. Criminals don't obey gun laws. Gun free zones kill!
.@SenatorCantwell Which is why gun control does not work? She is suggesting you shouldn't be able to protect yourself #filibuster
hmm, I wonder if that's the response you expected.....better pay attention, or you'll be on the outside looking in.
You will, of course, solve this by ensuring that law abiding citizens can be denied gun ownership without due process?
Why is your solution to these problems always to infringe on decent people's rights? What is @TheDemocrats' real goal?
We have one of the most suffocating gun laws in the country, and perps are still getting guns. How ABOUT that, Senator? #2A
.@SenatorCantwell Weird. Because we have 594, which is so restrictive it keeps me from so much as cleaning my friend's pistol without a BGC.
thanks for being a good representative of my state by opposing the 2nd amendment
UH YEAH. NO KIDDING. YOU EVER HEARD OF BLACK MARKET? MOST GUNS OBTAINED ILLEGALLY ON STREET NOT AT WALMART.
murder with an illegally obtained gun is your argument for making it more difficult to obtain one legally?
you're still getting elected? Wow. The taste of people in Washington state is just terrible.
Thank you, Senator!
Like OMG! I can't believe that happened! Like didn't those loser cop killers get the memo telling them they can't own guns?
That's because criminals go to something called the black market. Drugs are illegal, but criminals control the market.
You people keep this up, we might start to suspect that you're not on our side at all. That wouldn't be good, would it?
Golly, Maria, mind blown. You got elected with talent like that.
@DianaChic1 this is crazy. It's already illegal to do bad things with guns. Gun laws didn't help Paris or Brussels
Guns are like drugs

Put a law preventing them from owning it
they're still going to end up with it.
So wait..... You mean....... Criminals don't follow the laws?!?!?! Why not make more laws!!!
What?!?!! Criminals were getting guns even though we told them not to?!?!? What is this world coming to?!?!
just wait until she figures out that wearing tennis shoes will make her smarter. Like patty . You'll  see!
You just admitted that criminals evade gun control laws. So who's the target of new restrictions? Law abiding citizens.
it will be different when the next law passes like law abiding citizens disarmed 
Thank you! Important words are being spoken on the floor of the US Senate. #action #holdthefloor #filibuste I've lost 4
