I won't stop; I'll be right there with you as a citizen, inspired by your voices of truth and justice, good humor, and love.
As we look forward, I want our first steps to reflect what matters most to you. Share your thoughts with me at http://Obama.org .
I'm still asking you to believe - not in my ability to bring about change, but in yours. I believe in change because I believe in you.
Elections have consequences. Please leave now.
thank you from the depth of my being. Nam Myoho Renge Kyo.
so take us out of the equation ....You never served me or my family in 8 years ...I failed to see that in 2008 and voted for you
I'm gonna miss you so much 
I never voted for you (or President Trump), but thank you for showing humility and grace, something sadly lacking in POTUS45.
uhhh treaty w iran, cuba, syria, gitmo, libya, etc you call that hunility and grace ? thats treason
I am talking about a single statement made by  @POTUS44. I am actually a Conservative, unlike our new President. Calm down...
You were never a leader.
Goodbye Mr. President. We’ll miss you. Thank you for all you’ve done.
Thanks for 8 years job well done
Oh how I miss you 
Thank you.
eat my as
you was the real niggah man #FuckTrump
Thank you Mr. President.

If this is "better", we all should've worked harder apparently.
Thank you Mr. President. We will miss you more than you can imagine.
Thank you for your service.  I love you, Sir!
@ShappiKhorsandi notwithstanding the hundreds of innocents killed by Obama drone strikes.
Thank you and your family.
Its been wonderful seeing you in The White House and you will be really missed. 

Best wishes and Good luck for the future.
congratulations and all the best. Job well done. Stay in touch
I am a Zimbabwean who wishes a leader full of wisdom, good governance and most importantly love just like you.
you've inspired millions all over the world. God bless you and keep you sir.


Thank you for leading our country with grace, dignity, and compassion. You & Michelle will be missed. #ThankYouObamas
Please tell me how you bombed poor countries for the benefit of gaining their land, or how you decided to deport the most immigrants
thank you for being who you are 
I'm not American and I miss you T_T
don't leave us 
You're a good man, with a good family. Ciao from Italy.
you are a man of dignity and grace and kindness and compassion. This is true power. May you always be blessed as you blessed us all
It was a honor to have you as president of the United States, I wish you could have stayed longer. #MissingObama
we will miss You for ever,
awesome job you've done....
now's a good day to say : YES WEEK END !
thank you Obama

please don't leave us....the world
couldn't replicate your humility and leadership. So inspired by you. Keep in touch with the UK and Wales. We appreciate you!
you and your family will be truly missed... Michelle has been a great inspiration in many lives including mine...Stay Blessed
Thank You Mr. President. We are a better country because of you. #ThanksObama
we made u a better Leader -You mean you could have been worse-Seriously?? 
@michaelkeyes @POTUS44 FAITH,  THAT ,S A GOOD ONE.
Thank you for being here for us. Unfollowing this account now. I'll find you anew.
You can follow him still @BarackObama.
Yep. But ppl who have blocked & muted the old accounts wouldn't have been able to see if someone re-tweets them.
True.. Also, was the POTUS twitter handle always POTUS44? Cause I just noticed it now and was wondering if I missed that somehow.
They just changed it to archive his posts so they could use POTUS for the new president.
I see that now.
And you, Mr. President, made us a better country. We miss your steady hand at the helm, your humor & your devotion to America. And we miss Michelle, a First Lady of whom we were proud, & your beautiful daughters.
We were honored to have you.  WE did not deserve you as witness by the shit show we are experiencing now. Bless you.  You don't owe us anything but please  do all you can.  Our very democracy depends on it.
Diane.. I’d like to elaborate if I may. Obama... we beg of you..please help us. You don’t owe us ..but if we can guilt you into it we will. We’re that desperate. There is a lunatic running the asylum..
I'm not above begging.....
Thank you Mr. President. We love you and miss you. (Especially now!)
Thank you 
I wonder what Trump will type in his last tweet.
Thank you Mr. President.
Mr President My Brotha I'm gonna have to request that you CHECK, SCHOOL, THIS JIVE TURKEY, with a PUTIN TRAMP STAMP @realDonaldTrump PLEASE
i am from Egypt sir i love America but i am not sure  if i can travel to it or not ,thank you sir
You served yourself.
If this is true then you denounce Farrakhan and anyone who associates with him. How can our country heal with all this hate on both sides? Own your relationships with reverend wright and Farrakhan denounce them both and call for change
A real statesman.
#EnjoyTheShow
We need you sir VP maybe ? Think it over and come on back... we'll leave the light on for you ... signed ready to vote
Please come back obama
You made us poor. But we're fighting back, and the evil that you wrought is being more exposed with each new day. #MAGA
We miss you! 

Yeah he is I just did my taxes and got charged 295 dollars for not having Health Insurance for just a short period of time
Yes I did, it was your wish Barack, the first black president. I made sure you made it, and you were it for a reason. Do you not remember me? Oh boy, I guess you went another route

Bye!


Please stop!!!!
Please come back I’m begging you with tears in my eyes 
Come back 
Sir, i.m American citizen, India born. I http://have.a.gift -a kite with.foto of Mr.president Obama+Pm Modi. Where can I send?
Wondering what rock you are hiding under?  You've been oddly quiet lately, even missing your wife, Michael's birthday!  Are you visiting Gitmo and just out of pocket?
I hope those people shaking his hand get some
Strong hand cleaner
The honor our country had was having you as President of our countryThank You!
Parabéns pelo seu caráter e postura de homem e pai. Amamos a senhora Michele Obama , o senhor e suas filhas. Deus as abençoe. Sua mulher é uma pessoa maravilhosa, ótima profissional e primeira dama eterna de bom caráter.
Love you. Miss you. 
I miss you so much. So much. We all do.
You were an awesome family man and our best president yet#
you only served Islam
PLEASE... You are NO longer the President of the United States Of America. President Trump is the President Now & he has been for a year. I'm glad you are no longer our president. My health care was so expensive I no longer have health insurance. Obamacare was a big lie.
A wonderful ending of a great Presidency and the beginning of an unimaginably awful Presidency...
 please
Im  I miss you all so much. I love going on both your Twitter feeds. I scroll and read your post. I get emotional and tear up. I miss all of you   I miss hearing you and Michelle's speeches so much 
We love you and your family so much miss you
And a richer man
#UraniumOneDeal
U are the best president ever
Hi POTUS, we really need your help, please contact @Tom steyer and help him help us because you know the way and you have almost 2 million followers and that's what Tom steyer needs. Have you talked to him? Please help us get exposure needed Thank you, God bless you & your family
Miss you so much. Your vision, your messages and your passion
Remember when we were proud of our President?
Your good at leading a Police State #ObamaGate
You made me a better person! I love you and miss you!
Too bad u didn't fix the corruption in the highest levels of government, Congress just might be colluding with Putin too,because if this was u,they would of arrested you in the white house! But orange Hitler can continue to put a bullseye on America! Crazy! #wherescongress
Love you!!!
Full Of Shit


It was a honor and privilege to have you represent us in the highest seat of the land.. you are truly missed not just your politics but your character.. God bless you and your family #POTUS44
Give us humor !
It wasn't an honor to have you as President, glad you are gone
MUST WATCH: Obamas greatest ever speech.
i miss u
You mean a crooked leader and a richer man by taking advantage of the American tax payer monies.
Mr P. Obama can you please stop talking nonsense.
Dear  聯合國安理會以美國總統出席每一場的重要議題，看過他們交談 你投射你的心給我，我很明白，我有好幾項的答案與你相符，我賜予你新的職務，你將會是國務院最得力的助手，我命令你，中國的處分，歐盟，英國，美國，都不會改變，所有的錢要在美國，美國是絕對神聖的。E.K.你認得Kaisalin AUTHORITY

America has never experienced better leader  in the past nor in the future than your time Mr.President . For d love of humanity.not Scandals
no one could ever fill your shoes President Obama I miss you


Wish you were still here!
@FBI #LOCKHIMUP
We miss you terribly, sir. 
Glad youre gone
Come back please
Thank you for shadowing Trump’s visits abroad. Damage control.
How many missiles were you going to fire on America? Asking for a friend. #Traitor #releasethememo
>>> BIGGEST PRIVATE PROPERTY FRAUD IN HISTORY OF USA! <<<
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$..
It was my honor to vote for you twice. I am so thankful you were my president during part of my life. You are very much missed.
this makes me ugly cry every time I read it.

please don't let trump ruin US, I beg you!!!!!
You should be in jail next to Hillary
I salute your honor President Obama. You are a good man in every sense of the word. Your intelligence, classy ways, your decency, honesty and purpose are truly missed. Happy holidays to you and yours
卿
我的日期開始，阿爾巴尼亞軍，管理人，指被女人和何種男人， 在做什麼
2015/2018in 
http://lds.church   
神沒給王福權柄，我無王福二字。
Kaisalin Majesty AUTHORITY
Come back,please we need you
Please dad come back
It was our honor to elect you & be represented by you. We miss you & the girls. 
You are clearly smart enough to stay away from controversial subjects. No need to get your hands dirty.
Now support and work with our new president. Don’t make us regret your presence!
A most cool president I never seen. So charming and great worker. Humble and human. Thanks mister president.
Come back PLEASE!!!
Baby come back
Thank you @BarackObama You taught us what grace looks like. Miss you more every day!
we love and miss you. Thank you for 8 classy, intelligent, warm hearted and thoughtful years.
Miss you sooo much as my president 
I miss you so much! I am so scared right now.
My Captain...my Captain...my Leader...my President OBama...God bless you the 1st Lady and the family...and God speed you in all you all do...we miss you
The only one served was yourself! The most corrupt and incompetent presidents ever! Elected for the color or your skin not your character!
How did we make you a better leader when you were never a leader to begin with?
Mr. Obama, make no mistake about it, you were formed by the hands of love, drawn by the voice of love, blessed by the Gift of love, led by the Shepherd of love, kept by the God of love. That was the only way you were able to do the things did during your tenure. Thank you, Sir.
How's #Wendy ,..sorry,.. I mean "#Maggie_Haberman ",. doing these days I wonder?

#TicTok 

#Soon it will be "#sayhello To #GitMo" for all You #PedoGate #HellSpawn

#EnjoyTheShow
Gag!
Still the man
I miss you so much!!! 
You have a horrible legacy. Thank God for Trump winning, so he can undo everything you did to try to destroy our country. The history books won’t talk kindly of your horrible time in office!
This is a great birthday gift! Thank you, President Obama!
It’s our honor to rid of you
:(
Who the hell did this lying sob serve?
You are the best. I respect your integrity and honorable virtues. Thank you for providing stability and your service. You are a good egg Mr President.
You screwed up our country and I'm glad to see you on the brink of being prosecuted for crimes against the country....hope u go to jail..
@POTUS44
