didn't you meet w the Russian ambassador too maria?
no fan of pres & love what you do for our state but I'm SO tired of this! I see Peer pressure for the Dems to be jerks.
Thank you senator. I appreciate you taking a stand.
Thank you! Please also join @PattyMurray in asking for Sessions' resignation, for perjuring himself during confirmation.
I second Joe's request, Senator Cantwell.
Thank you for supporting America
Thank you for listening to and fighting for voters. America deserves answers.
Why didn't FORMER PRESIDENT OBAMA look into it?
Thank you Senator. Keep pushing!
Russia has been tampering with American elections since 1920, why are you using this information to entice fear now?
Please keep up the pressure.
Did You ask for prosecutor When Obama tried to interfere in Israel's election? W/ OUR money? Nah, Israel haters that U are
yes!
I hope U can convince some of the republicans to put country ahead of party and agree to an independant investigation.
You didn't think we needed a special prosecutor when we sold guns across border to Mexican cartels but this does?! Please
here's your answer: NO!
Becareful of what you wish for.
You have zero integrity. Leftist narrative first, everything else - including personal honor and reputation - second.
Where are all the answers from the past 8 years? Fraud.
Yes Please!
Thank you and can you ad Jeff Sessions to the list to investigate.
Thank you for working so hard to make sure we are well taken care of
We could appoint Obama except the Russian ambassadors visited him 22 times in the WH.
what have you done in the 12 days of work other than push Russian bullshit. Back to work stupid!
For This ?
You reek of desperation. Pathetic.
Here's your answer. You lost.
What about you Madam???
#RecallCantwell IliveInWA&Ivote #SupportPresidentTrump
.@SenatorCantwell expanding to foreign influence in past 8 years of elections and policies, I nominate @KenPaxtonTX to #draintheswamp
Sen. Maria Cuntwell.
You're colluding with them Damned Russians too!!
lol  deranged!
Time for more Alinsky tactics.  #DemsareLiars
Absolutely! 100% Correct. All in favor, RT Sen. Cantwell's tweet  #TrumpRussia #CrookedJeff #FireSessions
thank you #bothell #SessionsResignNOW
yes, because wasting taxpayer time and money on a capricious story meant to deflect from Podesta malfeasance is big big fun
In your wet dreams, honey.
get that request in line. Gun running, Bengazi, Hillary email, and on and on.
Get over it already! Many of you posting here need professional help. Your inability to grieve properly is an illness.
Time to call for the resignation of #Sessions
Where were you when Lynch was meeting Bill Clinton on the tarmac? Do you have any brain cells left?
let me see if I can help, Dems need to buy the book the idiots guide to effective email passwords
yes please!
Hillary Clinton deserves answers. & new elections. The whole thing needs 2 b invalidated. President & Congress. All tainted
Why didn't you want one when Clinton and Lynch met on the Tarmac? There's still no evidence, waste of taxpayers money.
yes & it's time for much more than that! Too many Russian connections to count at this point. Feet to the fire! #Sessions
The same ambassador visited Obama 22 times in the WH. Maybe Obama is the one we should investigate.
independent is the key word, no ties to Trump period.
yes!!!
Ultimately, Senator, you all need the tax returns released. I think he would resign before he'd release 'em
Also time to subpoena Comey - if not flat out investigate Comey relations to Trump.
@vosslerm1 It's past time this was done.  Less lip service, more action from our elected officials
Please let it be Sally Yates!  She's awesome!
Thank you from the 32nd LD!
Left wing lunacy
yes! And @SpeakerRyan @DevinNunes @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP are making themselves appear GUILTY! @Tina49747372
Thank you! Lying to Congress has destroyed his credibility. Any Democrat would be held just as accountable.
Now you're talking, @SenatorCantwell @vestal13
No, it's time to #impeach and get a do-over on the entire cabinet. And investigate. But first, impeach
please don't stop until it happens!
You know Sessions, & I'm pretty sure you know he's not a liar. He's already recused himself, so quit your grandstanding.
You're kidding me right? Does Vladdy have to jump out of Sessions next Birthday cake for you to see it?
You may find your answers in Hillarys hacked private server what a joke
it's time to impeach! Get more aggressive! Your constituents are tired of your cooperation with GOP.
agree lets do it !
Where were you when Hillary gave 20% of USA uranium 2 Russia?When Andre' Carson hired 3 Pakistani Muslim bros that hacked n2 USA security?
she was in DC doing her job.
HERE'S CANTWELL'S FAKE TWITTER ACCOUNT TO DECEIVE CITIZENS. TOO DISHONEST, CORRUPT TO RESPOND. #MAGA
Sessions and Donald need to learn lies have consequences, you too.
Thank you. Please keep pushing and demanding answers for WA and for America!
Trump's weaknesses are wall st, single payer health care, and his posterior kissing of Saudi Arabia. Dems are asleep.
absolutely ASAP
Yes we do and Sessions must be prosecuted for perjury.
Mike.  There was no perjury you fool.  Read facts before tweeting this ignorant shit
Yes, it is time to appoint an independent council to investigate Trump-Putin connection. Make it happen!
Yes, thank you, @SenatorCantwell. #trumprussia
@PattyMurray Wouldn't an independent commission be more appropriate at this point?
absolutely...100% agree..what can we do to help get this done??
