No working with Trump.  Blanket opposition. Trump stands for everything Dems are against. We demand you stand up to the bully!
Look at that - #DEMocRATS pretend to be for all Americans yet they're all full of shit. We SAW those leaked emails!!
And we see what's happening with Trump now. No time for foolishness. We will not be deterred by false equivalences again.
IF THIS IS YOUR PLAN TO WIN BACK THE VOTERS - FORGET ABOUT IT!!! YOU WILL BE IN THE MINORITY A LONG TIME
Try harder. Take a stand. Do something.
NOBODY CARES OUR COUNTRY IS CRUMBLING SHOW SOME REAL LEADERSHIP SHUT DOWN THE WORKS HOWEVER YOU CAN BEFORE WE END UP IN A WAR
you spent this week brainstorming infrastructure while the constitution was being massacred???
forget policy. Rally around liberties. Focus. Focus. Focus.
Way to attempt to take credit for President Trump's initiative. So, you couldn't do this sometime in the last eight years?
Now you worry about jobs? Cute.
, don't get your hopes up. You're coming at Republicans with ACTUAL PLANS. They don't know what to do with those. #DUMPTRUMP
great!Also better be thinking of how to get the toddler out.
@SenatorCantwell http://cbsnews.cbs.com/news/making-a-better-battery/ … JD Pool Pumped Storage Hydropower Project in Klickitat County, Washington
This is the kind of thing we need. FDR would be proud.
Trump ban on Muslims requires Dem action if GOP won't. Gross abuse of Power!@ananavarro
the longer he's in office the worse our economy gets
tell face book they should respect free speech and stop blocking out political voices that have a opinion. King seal
This is really what you're working on right now?? Resist the ban - and all the other craziness -- now!!
Y’all might want to read the news.
Goddammit. Keep your eyes on the ball. Be agile. Be responsive. Be decent humans.
#johnnycomelatelies
..we will not consider shit from tou till you start acting like diplomats. Something you may have to be schooled on.
trump banned Muslim because they want me freed from captivity and he was tired of taking calls.. King seal
EVERY bill needs to require POTUS to release #TaxReturns to ensure he does not profit from spending #resist #kleptocracy
Who cares about this right now? Our rights are being taken away? Speak up or be voted out!  #StopBannon #NoBanNoWall #nomuslimban
Do something about it? He works all weekend, where is our reassurance from you? Not working this weekend?
Right now, you should be investing all your energy in fighting Trump's racist & unconstitutional agenda. Nothing else.
wow! Nothing else much going on lately or what? Wtf are you doing?
Don't care about infrastructure--Trump's GUTTING America. Where is your video on standing against him?? What's wrong with you guys?!
What's the blueprint to forcefully oppose Trump at every turn? That's what I want to hear. No to everything.
Trump's massive infrastructure spending for job growth is very reminiscent of FDR. He is similar to many dem pres.
You mean Obama's infrastructure plan the GOP obstructed for years.
No, I mean Trump's plan that uses American workers and American materials and spurs American companies.
haha good luck!  It'll be China steal and products and no one will get paid! You've Stockholm syndrome
I wouldn't bet on it by his recent track record. https://steelguru.com/steel/us-steel-stocks-up-on-trump-s-pipeline-executive-orders/470616 …
How about you grow a spine and start acting like you care the Constitution is being trashed?
where has this been for the past 8 years?
Everything crooked Trump touch goes to shit
house is burning & @SenateDems r putting fwd a plan 2 redecorate the house. @keithellison @SenSanders WTF? The fight is civil liberties!
- finally on board with republicans ... thank u
Don't let them take the credit! First work on getting this stinkin potus out! Your jumping the gun.
and infrastructure.
The irony of how GOP stopped Obama from infrastructure plan saying they didn't have the budget but they for a 15B dollar wall...
vote NO to everything on the Republican's agenda. They don't need you - they have the majority, remember? We need you to RESIST!
how many shovel ready projects have you don to fix the infrastructure? #DemsLie #NeverBelieveADEM #Democrats
while you look for common ground, @POTUS is burning and salting the ground. This is not politics as usual.
Unsinn. Democrats spent LOTS under Obama for "shovel ready" jobs. Trump wants to spend, Democrats want credit.
@SenatorCantwell Now you come up with this?  8 years with a Dem Pres  might have been better strategy.
Wasn't this blocked by GOP under President Obama.  If so, tell public how many times GOP blocked it.
#dontnormalize #dontcollaborate #nomeansno --lifelong democratic voter
@Montgomery_bjm
You need to focus on something soon or else democrats will soon become extinct.
why werent this done earlier? Because of the fact that you have been a minority or because you want to make @POTUS look bad?
it is wonderful that Trump gave you this idea, now use a little bit of intelligence and build the wall you approved already.
watch what you do dems. He'll take the credit in the next election & the people will believe him because hey the roads are fixed
1: @SenateDems @SenatorCantwell Please stop this idiocy. You are proposing legislation while Trump/GOP are dismantling our republic.
2: @SenateDems @SenatorCantwell Trump/GOP now working to disenfranchise millions on excuse of "voter fraud", will lead to one-party rule.
3: @SenateDems @SenatorCantwell We are desperate for leadership. Stop proposing and start opposing before there is nothing left.
4: @SenateDems @SenatorCantwell Millions are waiting to support you but you need to show you care about democracy. Get tough or all is lost.
It's good to see efforts to be productive and not focused on freaking crowd sizes and popular votes!
Just make sure they the GOP doesn't tack on defunding PP.
On really? More of those 'ol "shovel ready jobs" eh? Not falling for that again.
Sure, let us use your plan. It worked so well when you did it with the Stimulus Plan 8yrs ago.
@SenatorCantwell you got about a trillion dollars for infrastructure spending in 2009. What did you spend it on?

@SenatorCantwell do you're jobs! Quit obstructing! Confirm @jeffsessions #JeffSessions #pattymurray @PattyMurray
while Trump is destroying Democracy & burning the house down. Great.
Where was this the past 8yrs?
help fix Unaffordable for middle class Care Act aka OBAMACARE. Show constituents they r more important than your politics
thanks!
need more for these schools are adequate for our children. You have keep up with technology, we are years behind. C'Mon Man
schools are not adequate for our children is what it should have stated
high speed rail? More light rail? Dedicated public transit roads? Make it so!
Why are cabinet nominations being approved? Stand up and fight for this nation. We need you!  #resist #RESISTANCE
but what about loudly speaking up and fighting Trump? #resist you are supposed to lead. Millions marched to ask you to fight
15 million new jobs Sounds a lot like the promises Obama made with his shovel ready stimulus package. No jobs, just money spent
@DNC @Millennial_Dems #goodsmovement where was this push under @POTUS44 #65million #infrastructure #RoadSafety #railways
4 sure =make this the start of our bipartisan govt.schumer and pelosi make a personal visit 2 POTUS asking 4 bipartisan help!
#noDevos
@cj_disabled we want to hear how you are going to deal with Trump. It seems you guys have gotten weak
With 7.4 million Americans out of work, what Countries will Trump allow to send manpower?
and I think the number one priority needs to be Flint!
Glad to see Dems proactive. Keep it up!
https://themoscowtimes.com/news/the-us-spy-just-arrested-in-russia-is-allegedly-an-infamous-hacker-too-56947 … #ImpeachTrump
Isn't that precisely what QE1, QE2, & QE3 were? Please explain to me one good reason Dem's should be involved? More like Payoffs
you dems are missing the boat , help our president, or in the midterms you will lose big time
Actual plans. Fantastic!Take it to the streets I MI, PA, WV...
Uh huh. I usually see 100s of retweets on @SenateDems posts. Not now. Get the hint...you failed us already.
someone anyone stop trump!!! 20 billion on a wall when our bridges and roads need money!
@GOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @PressSec European infrastructure, especially Germany, is very good. Hopefully someone took notes.
Weren't you just harping about obstructionists? @SenSchumer the hypocrite
why didn't this come up the previous 8 years? What happened to the Obama package for 800mil that was smoke and mirrors?
don't want to work with president until it comes to spending money. Now they want to be bff's. #DTS
how do you expect to get it passed?
Impeach Trump!
and without the EPA it's going to be much easier.
Obama asked for funds for infrastructure and was denied! Now the illegitimate president asks, and will get!
so remind me again who is legitimate?  Keep your blinders on.  #MAGA
. Hay Dems. Where were U 4 the last 8 yrs? U all phoney & corrupted. The world has changed.;old trick doesn't. Weak up fools.
Had 8 years and now democratic party has a blueprint. just get out of the way.
Do u have amnesia? 8yrs of GOP obstruction. How about no GOP health plan? 6 1/2yrs & only repeal. No plan ready 2 go
Great...good to see common ground...it's what the voters voted for...to get USA back on track & Dems/Repubs working together.
Any word on #GOP support? Or are @SenateDems the New Obama? #Obstruction
This week Senate Dems unveiled a blueprint to rebuild & replace infrastructure across America & create 15 Mil new American jobs. Learn more: 
I've got an idea! How about ur plan 2 fight the fascists who have taken over our govt. Ur playing the fiddle & Rome is burning
well GOP is all about obstruction so they probably won't pass it. They think theyr only ones w/answers & only ones always right
maybe some democrats should be on my facebook  and twitter  like everybody else
.@SenateDems it's work #Obama tried 2 do but @GOP shut it down Let's if Bozo follows thru w/ his promises! Shud cuz it'll make GOP look good
my tweets about roads bridges blah on Yolanda  really wow seriously
that is something the former president  talked about so you know how they will filibuster their own bills
Let's get to work...
Now you are doing something?
Dems tried for 8 yrs. You conveniently forget GOP obstruction just to make Obama fail. GOP cares about power not you.
One more time, I don't give a crap who is fighting. We are the losers in this stupidity they play called politics.
Now you want to create jobs?I guess late is better than never. You're now on the hook not to obstruct @SenateGOP job initiatives
you'll have to get the #GOP to stop obsessing about crowd size for 5 sec first
@DPMcCallum Thankbyou dem senators, only dems are still doing all the work needed
I don't think he is going to like this plan, It doesn't increase his personal wealth.
thank you something that makes sense
Don't work in any capacity with illegitimate current occupant of the Presidency. History will remember how Dems acted re: DJT/RU
Why now?  Why not 8 yrs. ago? You really do think the American people are stupid. WRONG
republicans blocked obama that's why
Way to go. How come this never came up when Obama was Pres?
Because he had a GOP congress. Infrastructure isn't part of their platform 
Uh, check your numbers in 2008. Spin spin spin.
is right @Linzzz11...Remember Obama's supermajority which was how he was able to pass the widely unpopular ACA??
Hey I do remember that. The Dems had to pass it to see what was in it. #Pelosi ##disaster
