Let's  realize this man loves this country he's not perfect let's try an help him unite us
How are you maria my friend
We blew past "alarming" months ago.  Keep up.
Can you not hear?  He said it Saturday and again every day since. You lie.
Maria.. how can you jump to such conclusions without facts? Very troubling that you do. This is mob rule by emotion. What if U R wrong?
Well, Trump didn't quickly and directly condemn the white supremacists, so not really jumping to conclusions. Can you show that he did?
Trump didn't. It appears Maria did
I'm glad she did. I wish more people would swiftly move to condemn white supremacy.
How do you criticize @POTUS when you allow Antifa and BLM to violently protest in Seattle every week. Destroying our city and state.
trump condemn hate, bigotry & racism the first day did you not see the violence on both sides being right is no excuse for violence
He said it all, but it's never good enough for the Far Left.
Not surprising.   That is him, and his base.
annnnnnd?! what are you going to do to stop him?
How is condemnation of Nazis "bigotry"? "Whatever you do, don't say the people who created the Holocaust are evil!"
President Trump defended the white nationalists who protested, saying they included “some very fine  people”
You need to demand the censure of the President for his comments about #Charlottesville. #CensureTrump
So how about it's #UnFuckingAcceptable Senator not "deeply alarming"! Stop being political I live in your state damn it! Fuck that response!
Aiding, comforting an enemy is treasonish
Elected officials have done much to divide this country & not support our president. We will remember at the polls. #VoteThemOut
Our president drug his feet to condemn literal Nazis, and made apologies for them less than a day later. He is the divisor. #ImpeachTrump
Quit stirring an already boiling Nation - You incite more divisiveness  
#TermLimits 
#VoteHerOut 2018
Which is a bigger threat to the US: one senator you dislike, or a president that supports Nazis and white supremacists?
False choice. We don't have a President that supports Nazis OR White Supremacists.
Nice Try. Next question.....
 #MAGA
He should be removed under the law of incompetence, mental instability, and treasonous speech and giving comfort and support to Russia.
Our president needs our prayers an support he's not a do nothing politician
I can't wait till we vote you out! Tick tock 
My God how many times does he have to say it? What about the racism and violent acts of BLM and Antifa? I hope you get voted out.
How come ur not condemning Antifa?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_supremacy … Please opine on these groups Senator! Your silence is understandable!
Remember when the entire country had a multiple-year war against Black Supremacist groups? Oh, wait, I was thinking of Nazis. #PunchANazi
https://youtu.be/83b6DSdiSbI  #identifyamoron
You representing the political party that is destroying our historical artifacts is deeply alarming to me!
Day, what do those "artifacts" represent? Because last I heard, the CSA were traitors devoted to keeping slavery alive. Why remember them?

"No bill of attainder or law denying or impairing the right of property in negro slaves shall be passed." https://en.m.wikisource.org/wiki/Constitution_of_the_Confederate_States_of_America …
Idiot
Also alarming is Imran Awan's Blackberry services to House Dems. Add the containers, cars, secrets, & many more.. Alarmimg indeed.
What is more alarming is the Democrats doing nothing for this country. I'm ashamed for our state of WA and you
https://youtu.be/TUckUgpicZM 
He condemned them and you know it. Dems continue to drive division in America. Ppl know it. Trumps power grows!
You are a two sided . Who does not do any research. VOTE Marie Cantwell Out of office.
He did denounce it quickly. He's been doing so for years. Get your facts straight.

It amazes me how uninformed the liberal-left is!
@HillaryClinton from @StateDept praising #KKK head R Byrd #pathetic
In what way does that invalidate the President's vocal support of literal Nazis as "very good people"? #ImpeachTrump
#Nazis motto is hate Jews
Trump's son-in-law is a Jew
Trump's grandkids are Jews
not very smart are you!
Where is the same outrage and calling out of the violence from the leftist Antifa bat wielding rioters?
More alarming that you democrats refuse to acknowledge that the violence starts on the other side. Trump right fine people on both sides!
How is a Nazi a "fine person"? How are white supremacists threatening folks with rifles and torches "fine people"?
Did that permit include permission to murder someone with a car? Plus, Antifa we're defending clergy from the Nazis!
Where do you get your information, CNN. That guy who murdered the woman was not part of the group, he drove there for his own purpose.
"Ms. Bloom told The Blade Saturday night that her son had told her about the rally he was attending"
"Photographs from earlier that day appear to show Fields rallying with Vanguard America and carrying a shield bearing the group’s insignia."
"He wears the white polo shirt and khaki pants that are the group’s uniform."
Congress' reluctance to do anything to help the American people is deeply alarming. #termlimits
Time to #FireBannon #FireGorka and #FireMiller , all #WhiteSupremacists or #naziscum . 
Then #ImpeachTrump
Senator did you know when POTUS first came out on Saturday, Heather Heyer hadn't been tragically struck by that car yet?
Got any proof? He didn't issue any statement until late Sunday and didn't explicitly condemn fascists until Monday
Here ya go princess010...
My mistake; didn't realize tweets counted as press statements. He still didn't specifically condemn the murdering fascists until Monday
No worries. The statement on Monday was where he was wanting to wait for all the facts to come in because there was a lot of misleading info
Oh Ms. CantVoteWell is spewing propaganda and lies, again. Sad!
What part of her statement was a lie, exactly? The president is on record calling literal Nazis "very nice people"
Liar
Oh, my bad: he called Nazis "very fine people". Big difference.
Still lying.

So cute 
I provide a news source, you say I'm lying. Unless you provide a reliable source that disproves the point, saying I'm lying is #Denial101

If you lock up violent white supremacists, good—you should. But how about we also see some prison sentences for violent Antifa & BLM thugs? 
agree with you, but this falls short of calling for an action.  Is the Senate willing to take action?
Thank you for courageously distancing yourself from trump. Now get to work with House colleagues; start the process to send him packing
Oh Louie be part of the solution an not the problem
We know your agenda more damn refugees, but their none. They are 99.8% men!!!
Supposed to investigate if I am wrongfully sent to prison again on the same injustice God almighty will punish the participants mark my word
I am suffering egregous racisum and prejudice at the hands of Ventura county superior court officials as well as  local FBI who is supposed
@realDonaldTrump passed "deeply alarming" on issues of race & equality quite some time ago...
Will you also denounce Antifa?
I agree it's alarming.  Also alarmed by your failure to denounce the violent and fascist ANTIFA - will you?
Monuments being taken down should be listed as removing democrat monuments NOT confederate
As alarming as Mr. Obama and your party not wanting to identify Radical Islamists and Muslims when they attack here in the states.
You have a short memory. POTUS has disavowed the KKK, David Duke, and white supremacist. He made that comment during the primaries. Pathetic
Legislators take note: Distance yourself from Trump now unless you're looking to change careers.
Words are inadequate now. What action will you take against the racist in chief in the WH? #impeachOrBeComplicit
Alarm began long ago. In primary debates, bragged abt penis size & hurled 6th-grade insults at colleagues. Democracy died for me that nite.
get rid of Trump. Impeach him. He is treasonous.
Are u deaf??? I heard him do just that.. mental I'll senators are growing in numbers daily .
I agree with you Senator. Please put an end to his reign. #impeach
Haters are gonna hate. But they filed and got the required permits to demonstrate. Protesters just "hated". Legal demonstration. Do your own
Impeach the orange guy before it's too late!!!!!!!!
DEMS cannot run and hide from their history of being slave holders before the civil war and kkk. no matter what they do.  facts are facts.
Wow...is that all that you've got on this awful situation? Pretty weak.
Don't need your alarm unless it means you are acting to remove this fully corrupt, illegitimate man from office. Action.
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #crookedmedia
Alarming, yet completely unsurprising.
It is beyond alarming. It is bigoted, racist, & adds gasoline 2 his rhetoric as a candidate. As President he is pushing for marshal law. See
Impeach the nazi sympathizer. Please.
Alarming? Yes. Surprising? Not at all. Please help stop this bigoted narcissist before he ends us all!
That's putting it mildly...
Almost as alarming as the silence from our WA Senator @HerreraBeutler.
I don't think you were listening.
Debs in Everett
"Alarming"???? Hell, it is immoral!
.@SenatorCantwell what are you doing to advance policy that addresses racism? @CoryBooker needs cosponsors for Marijuana Justice Act
It’s beyond alarming. It is cause to remove him from office as unfit. Please work across the isle to remove him
Translation Russian collusion failed go back to racism
Thank you for specifically calling him out. It's congress' responsibility to hold him accountable. Make. This. Stop.
Please do everything in your power to get him and his corrupt administration out of our White House!
It is time to call for @realDonaldTrump to resign! Take a strong stand for our values!

What's more alarming is I recall saying "How do people not see that he's lying?!" We must vote with our intellect, not party or emotion.
Agreed! Also it was great having you in Spokane yesterday and there was a nice front page article in the Spokesman Review. Thankful for you.
Help or get out of the way.
Seriously.
Senator, all due respect, words are good. But what are you going to DO about Trump. We need action. TODAY.
I agree
Not enough. Not close to enough.
Ya THINK!?
Trump is deeply alarming!
I agree! Among the many things that are alarming and show he is unfit for office. When will you and your fellow senators #impeach45?
Ok, I know first the impeachment has to come from the house, right? Turn up the heat and put the pressure on your colleagues in the house!
Right stand strong! I hope ypu are motivated by the rigjt reasons. Peace.
Good job Mr Trumb, tell it like id.
Maria, never doubted and have always trusted you would call him out on the carpet. Continue being our voice!
What are you and the other members of congress going to do about it? It's your responsibility to extract this poison from power.
It would have been better if he did so immediately, but I'll accept a 2-day delay.
"Deeply alarming?"  Let's all go yell "fire" in crowded theaters...
Nazis and fascist sympathizers at the highest levels of government is a perfectly reasonable reason to be alarmed. #FireBannon #FireMiller
I'm glad you are at least alarmed.  It's a start.
That's an understatement, at minimum.
Actually Senator it isn't alarming. When someone shows you who they are, believe them!
Oh really?    Can we censure him at least?
we still help Saudi bomb and starve Yemen, now with over 500,000 cases of cholera in the last months, and you are silent. silent. silent.
close your account
It more than deeply alarming!  It's wrong and he needs to go!!
Yay she says his name.TY Senator
It is more than that. He is utterly unfit for office. You must work with your colleagues to remove him.
Alarming enough to get the House to start impeachment proceedings? Thank you for speaking out Maria!
