No. We want better healthcare, safer streets, and more affordable housing in a city where $73K is considered poverty
Newsflash: We can want all those things AND a fair investigation into Russia's meddling and ties to Trump. They aren't mutually exclusive!
$72K is poverty line in SEA. $2200 p/m healthcare premiums. Car tab fiasco. 50th in mental health. 2 cities suing pharma. #WAsBroken #FixIt
Please keep fighting
Damn right we do, @SenatorCantwell!!!
More outrage in your response please! No headlines of Dem outrage. Only apathy from GOP. #whatwouldGOPdo if parties were reversed
Yes, we do. At this point anything possible should be done to stop any forward progress from this admin until we have answers.

#TrumpRussia
I think you mean reverse progress
What is there to reverse? He has passed basically 0 legislation. We need to reverse browsing history bill, few other things.
I am your constituent. I care more about climate justice, single payer, & being ignored by you & the dnc who are responsible for trump.
In terms of urgency, nothing compares to actual fascists dismantling our government and answering to a foreign power.
Global corporate fascists have complete control over all branches in both major parties of our government, putting profit for the 1% first.
Ah, so you're one of those "no difference between the two" people. Good luck with that.
Agree!  We deserve them!  @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP #DOYOURJOB
Independent prosecutor.  Make it happen.
Lol, she's been saying the same thing for the last 2 months. Won't happen, you need evidence. So far 0 EVIDENCE!! #TermLimits
You do understand the complexities of compiling evidence, right? Systemic hacking, bots, bitcoin, the data is all there...
Actually I do, so what's your point? 5 months this investigation has gone on 0 EVIDENCE!
Give it a rest and find a new narrative, this one is getting old
Did anyone ask McCabe if he gave a heads up to @Reince45 about the investigation?
We have yr back when you leverage Senate procedures to shut down all other senate business until the Senate agrees to an ind. investigation!
Answers NOW!  #TrumpRussia
Yes. And an independent investigator
Thanks! Keep fighting for special prosecutor #TrumpRussia
YES WE DO! Thank you, my Senator. Keep fighting for us!
Full of crap, put this effort into healthcare, tax, regulatory reform, Stop the pandering narrative, fear-mongering. Looking for a headline.
What we want answers about is Clinton approving Russia buying 20% of American Uranium and Clinton Foundation then getting 10's of millions!
independant investigation
We MUST convene a 9/11 style commission to address #RussianInterference before they do it again. Truth is our democratic right. #ComeyFiring
I'm 1 of UR constituents & I don't give a damn abt Russians. There is no collusion after almost a year of investigations. Stop already
Accurate statement.
I could careless.
Actually, we're more interested in border security, eliminating terrorism, & reducing taxes & cost of healthcare. U can do it, Senator!
You're right we do. We also want to see Trumps long form taxes returns to look 4 emmoluments and money laundering. Thanks 4 NO vote 4 AHCA.
Thank you, Senator. I do want to know what is going on. As a US citizen, I deserve to know if the administration is colluding with Russia.
My wife has already called your office, please stand up, for what I am calling Purple Partiotism! This is not a red/blue issue anymore!
Your constituents want a Special Prosecutor. Yesterday!
I'd like to know about this and more! Thanks for your efforts!

With respect, there is only 1 thing Congress MUST do: Appoint an independent special prosecutor. Game over. #PROTEST #RESIST #ACT
Thank you Senator. This constituent definitely does.
Comey wanted Trump to fire him so he wouldn't have to do his job. That's why Comey didn't complain about getting fired.
Just called about this exact subject. We need an independent investigation into how far Russian interference has gone!
@BarackObama  knew for months and said and did nothing.
I want to know about Hillary's emails.  What are you doing about that?
We sure so! Thank you @SenatorCantwell
Please investigate this horror of a president.  We must rid ourselves of him if our union is to stand.
Called.
Yes we do. Demand answers. #98312
Yes yes we do. Thank you!!

Coney needed to be fired.  Hillary would have fired him on day one, you Dem's are a joke.
So proud you are my representative!
Obama interfered in the French election just as much as Russia did in ours. The FBI, CIA, & NSA all said there's no evidence of collusion.
We totally do! Thank you for representing our interests and positions accurately
Go get em! We're with you!!!
Yes we do! Along with protecting the world from twitler. I hope U can convince some republicans that R country is more important than party.
Yes! Please press your colleagues to demand the same!
We sure as hell do!  Never thought in a million years I would like to see Senator Joe McCarthy back in office. #sad
independent investigator is needed to make trump accountable if he's innocent then he should have no problem with it
98146 thanks you.  (now say "medicare for all" at some point please)
99205 thanks you!
yes. and healthcare. and the census.  and IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS

It's going to be interesting how this all plays out and your reelection. If you're wrong ( I believe you are), it won't fair well for you.
I guess we'll see. All of POTUS actions so far sound like a cover up.
Ppl can read abt anything into whatever they want. I chalk it up to he's not a career politician and doesn't know their silly rules.
Yes. Yes we do!
Keep Fighting for us Sen Cantwell!
Yes, please!
You're damn right we do. And we won't stop demanding answers until we get them.
thank you, Senator, this constituent agrees 100%
I do Senator!  We need our law makers to stand up for democracy.  Enough reality tv in the WH!  Our Country is at stake!!
Thank you for responding to our concerns. Now is the time for true leadership in the face of a pliant and toadying @GOP
Holding up Congress for what amounts to petty Politics does nothing for the country. Get the investigation and get back to work
Petty Politics & tear down the fabric of our Democratic government are 2 different things... Trump Admin action not petty.
Thank you for making me proud to live in the great state of Washington!
@gbmnyc thank you senator 
I am your constituent. I want you to stop Fear Mongering.
You do not represent eastern Washington !
Yes! Thank you Senator. We need to know to protect our democracy.
Yes! We want answers! Thank you for being our voice @SenatorCantwell
So do 75% of all Americans.
don't show it!  We want answers and we are scared by what is happening.
This constituent wants to know who murdered Seth Rich, why msm collude with HRC to give debate questions, why DNC cheated Bernie out of nom.
Thank You Senator!
Produce evidence of this interference.
Yes! We constituents have the right 2 know what's hell is going on #ImpeachTrump #Trumprussia #Russiagate #resist #JeffSessionsMustResign
We demand answers!  We demand to know what the Senate Republican's are not doing their job! They should be caring about America, but they
NO kidding! @VP is a liar! #TrumpRussia #SessionsPerjuryRussia #KushnerLiesRussia #TillersonExxonRussia #FlynnManafortStoneGuilianiPence
Correct, I called your office to give my support to block anything TRump until we get an Independent investigation
Yes we do.
All Americans of good conscience and moral courage demand answers. Special prosecutor is required immediately.
I am a constituent and I'm more interested in tax reform and healthcare reform. My small business dropped health coverage, too expensive.
You are OK with becoming part of Russia?
Right? What the hell?!?! I think saving democracy and our republic might be the immediate priority.
You better believe we do!
Thank you, much appreciated.
Yes we do!
