
Here is a contact list for Graham-Cassidy Republicans:
*Here is a contact list for the GOP Senators we need to barrage w/phone calls & faxes to tell them to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy...!!* 
I just did another Tweet with that info:
Do think State Politicians will cover your pre-existing condition with nothing more than "Trust Me...??"
Call & tell them to vote NO...!! 
We all know that their ultimate goal is to rid medicaid.Paul Ryan admitted to wonderful dreams longing to rid medicaid !!
As we should. Save your own money. Simple isnt it? Youre welcome
I bet it won't affect legislators medical care, as you make the rules
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy  @SenCoryGardner @SenateGOP
Best be sure that this has nothing to do with a promise except a promise to their donors.They want to a eradicate everything&anything Obama





We deserve to have something for our tax money. Why not universal medical? It's like paying for a "medical military!" ;)
I Support ACA!!
It provides free medical to people who don't want to work
Why is the govt buying Med ins. for states?
CONSERVATIVES SHOULD TAKE AWAY THE WOMAN'S  VOTE. They cause more trouble in Government by not being able to make a committment? They Screw?



Obama Political Hack Unmasks 260 Republicans?? Trump & Trump Campaigners??
Laptop Cooler,laptop with LED Lights
I have Promotion Code with Discount at 30%
Code: FZYUFU9H
Price: $13.29
http://amzn.to/2yrrJAh 
Doctors no longer want 2 accept Medicare.  Gov has done such a lousy job paying, Dr's now limit or refuse. Will this B better if 30M R added
Doctors R already closing practices.  I have been refused w/Medicare & pvt supplement.  Wealthy will C pvt practice Drs, we will C unwanted.
Beware the enticement of "free".  U still pay 4 w/taxes, but congress determines who gets what services and when.  UK waits 10 mo 4 biopsy!
(3/3) if national HC is presided over by Congress?  Will make all the rules, use death panels 2 oversee HC use, just like UK's Baby Charlie!
(2/3) Consequently, HC is not affordable 2 masses.  Congress has taken donations & bribes 2 keep HC industry on top.  How will they separate
(1/3) There R 100"s of healthcare lobbyist.  They have successfully manipulated congress into favorable laws that promote their interests.
Pres Trump passed Accountability & Choice Acts.  Did we really have 2 legislate "accountability" for veterans free HC?  Yes, we did, crooks!
Free HC is no different than our VA Admn 4 vets?  If Pres Trump had not intervened, they would continue to kill vets by neglect.
Dems toss about uninsured #'s , while never rationalizing Y we should keep 36M illegals?  Math would work w/o illegals.  Charity at home 1st
Dem, Keith Ellison was caught on hot mic saying, Pelosi favors Single Payer, over AHC.  She is not ready to reveal to constituents?  Y not?
Uk is free HC.  Just lost 2400 Hemophiliacs 2 AIDS tainted blood.  How does this happen 2 so many, 20 yrs aftr screening?  Culled population
Free HC in UK.  UK has AIDS epidemic. Offer AIDS test kits in vending machines.  Y not C "free" doctor?  No disease or partner control?
Sneak attack is Dems saving D.O.A., AHC.  They secretly favor Universal HC.  Don't B enticed by free.  UK is free, but wait 10 mo for biopsy
Why didn't you fix it 7 years ago? Why didn't you pass new immigrations laws? All talk & no action.
The GOP saves money for super rich and kills poor. Spend our Tax money on health insurance for ALL...NO on  #GrahamCassidyBill
How about health care debates in Senate w/o health insurance lobbyist$ ? Only real answer: single payer, Medicare for All. Oust profiteers.
hey DEMs=u had 8 years to fix the ACA and did absolutely NOTHING! so now get out of the way and let the GOP clean up your mess.

Peace doesn’t come from prayer alone, it requires us to take action. Our goal should be a demilitarized world. #PeaceDayChallenge
You democrats are a bunch is ignorant liars and obstructionist. You support illegal aliens and throw we the American Citizens to the dirt.
long as it removes ACA
Wrong
