Come on Sen Cantrell...what is hard to understand...you have been working with these nihilists for years!
maybe if the Democrats has a stronger united strategy to begin with - like the GOP 8 years ago - they wouldn't outfox you.
easy to understand, in fact. They're quite comfortable with authoritarianism. They WANT to strip away rights & freedoms.
Senate R's are afraid of the wrath of an unbalanced man.
No, it isn't. You have been steamrolled. Wake up.
What are the Senate Democrats going to do about it? These nominees were being stalled for valid, concerning reasons.
We need action, SOON.
hard to understand how senate d's suspended primary rules to jam through hitlery among new concerns and inaccurate election
as one of your constituents...you should probably show up to work. If I don't I'm fired
please stop with the footsy wootsy. Comity is dead.
Get used to being in the permanent minority. Harry's and Nancy started the trend - we will make you all regret it.
please don't let them get by with nuclear option. Dems need to battle for us!
Wake up and fight.
Thank you for continuing to fight for progressive ideals and for the American people.
#resist
Not hard. They're not a political party. They're an insurrectionist movement. Bordering on treasons. Simple.
@eileen_gunn Bullyball, new game created by GOP, think 'hit and run' for reference
hard to understand how Senator Harry Reid took away filibuster rule when it was obvious to see D's would lose majority!
your cohort @SenateMajLdr is doing all he can do destroy the institution he presides over.
@PattyMurray do you're job  or resign ! Quit obstructing
like the Republicans did with Garland?
ridiculous! Find a way to fix this. Senate Dems stand together
Is it hard to understand at this point? Simple math. Trump is abusing the EO to complete the GOP wish list.  Quid pro quo.
not so hard-opportunists and toadies all. Call then out!
Not really hard! Power corrupts. GOP is morally bankrupt. Time for  Dems TOTAL obstruction. #Indivisible
Fight!
@amaditalks what is this, fake ignorance?
Appears Trump trying cut off arm of our government using NDAs 4Congress EMPLOYEES 2help draft EO! US govt is under siege
Funny how you weren't complaining when you had it your way for 8 years!
Fight Them!
probably because Senate D's refused to show up for hearings. Stop being bad losers!
No, it's not "hard to understand." It's called a coup d'état. And you are letting it happen. #Trump
Think of how often they suspend their religious beliefs, morals, and ethics. What're rules for, if not suspending?
they weren't there because republicans refuse to bring the nominees back to clarify their false statements.
They lied to you. We are counting on you to explain this to GOP colleagues who still have integrity. U know who they are.
They learned it from Democrats.
Are you really surprised? They seem intent on destroying this country.
it's actually easy: party uber alles
How is this hard to understand? Seems expected. Sadly, Dems might do the same if in a similar position.
Senate R's & Pres are bullying Americans out of our rights. This is not democracy.  #resist
how can that even be possible???
Perhaps because they consider the review process to be mere theater, and the Senate's true role to be as a rubber stamp.
all bought & paid 4 by Krach bro's & Citizens United $$$
Really?! You can't figure this out? Stop the comity and start swinging for the fences.
could say same with DEMS when you changed Senate rules
There's an easier way to say, "supplied inaccurate info."
Politics is a bloodsport, as you are now seeing.  Stop being naive and FIGHT.  Our lives may depend on it.
maybe if the D Senators showed up they could have expressed their concerns
It's easy to understand. They play dirty. Stop bringing plastic forks to gun fights.
They are hypocrites who put party before country. Please do what you can to obstruct.
Nope, not hard at all. They have seized power and will use it ruthlessly. Opposition must realize that and recalibrate
"Hard to understand"??? Hardly. It is a hostile takeover of our government. So tell us something helpful. PLEASE!
It's not hard to understand at all. Please do what your constituents are asking and obstruct.
@timkaine @SenFeinstein Why? They are anarchists who care about nothing.  Fight everything. Use TV, FB w/HRC hearings etc
easy for me to see! We no longer have a democracy.  How long before Bannon is giving speeches from the White House balcony?
Treat them to a taste of their own medicine- stop all their nominees no matter what! Washington voters are counting on you!
why does this bother you when you have voted 74.1% in line with trump's cabinet picks?
Thios is the new norm. RESIST with all you have in you and recruit some R's to the cause.
Ermächtigungsgesetz! Law officers ignore courts; judicial independence attacked; fuhrerprinzip; lies asserted as fact.....
@amypop Because @senategop are vile hypocrites with no morals or decency.
Um...because they lie and put party before country? #GOPFail #AltReich #GOPLies #Fascism #GOPHates #ResistTrump
There has to be better ways for stopping them before they destroy our democracy! Please help us before all is lost! #resist
B/c they don't give a damn about Americans & real issues
maybe if the Dems showed up for work you guys would understand? Regular folks get fired for missing work. #UnexcusedAbsence
Stop playing nice with GOP, this is war. Block everything by any means necessary.
Dems are spineless doormats. As usual.
if you're surprised you need to pay attention. Rs are no longer playing by any rules. We will lose our democracy so fight!
please shut down the senate. Filibuster please #filibusterallnomineesplease
you won't lead you won't follow so get out of the way!! Resign before we recall!!!
Your missing the point, up is down, left is right, wrong is right...get it? There ARE NO RULES ANYMORE #resist
Stand up, quit trying to work with these people. They care nothing about Americans other than their scary base. Obstruct!
Rules no longer apply in "unified" government
Unfortunately it's very easy to understand, Senator.
it is because they do not care about rules. You are playing a game with cheaters.
Time to stop the temper tantrums and whining. Elections have consequences and the Dems lost, now move on. Look at the (1/2)
It's....it's actually really easy to understand. You really can't think this is a democracy now, can you?
fight them.
it's called going nuclear and you need to get used to it!!
@charles_gaba  Is there an R left in Congress with any integrity?
What are you doing about it? Democrats need to start acting more like Republicans and do a little "shock and awe" back!
you people are bringing thoughtful concern to a knife fight. Step up NOW.
When you don't show up to the game you forfeit the game. Go suck an egg.
@nycsouthpaw My understanding is that the Democrats are lacking balls and spines. FIGHT!!
It's not hard to understand; they do it because they CAN do it. For them, the law is just a tool to gain power...
... but the good news is we have no reason to give a damn about their law. It is now *literally* just words on paper.
Can't you take a hint: THEY HATE AMERICA AND WANT TO DESTROY IT. STOP THEM!
Really? How are you surprised? The GOP are liars & scoundrels. They don't follow the rules. Winning is all they care about.
What part is hard to understand, @SenatorCantwell? We now live in a one party state.
@nycsouthpaw because they are corrupt thugs
Hard to understand why you voted against Bernie's bill for cheaper drugs. @justicedems are going to primary you.
STOP being goodt 2  and start fighting  with .Now is the time to"When they go low, we go LOWER".Don't be nice to a bully
respectfully, it's not hard to understand at all
But wasn't it the democrats that pushed through the option to do so?
I don't normally swear Senator, but they don't give a damn.
They have shown over the last 8 years that they don't care about the US. The Dems must stand against this Civil war looms.
Is it really that hard to understand? Look at the person in the White House they support. It's one-party fascism.
@amaditalks not hard.it is called a coup and you are allowing it to happen.
Where have you been? Republicans care not for rules or decorum, only power.
It's clear they aren't going to act in the best interest of the country in any of this.
They see this as a street fight with no rules. It will be interesting to see how they wage war and if the world tolerates .
You're kidding, right?
HARD TO UNDERSTAND??? DEMS NEED UNIFIED, LOCKSTEP OPPO 2 EVERYTHING. WHAT DON'T U UNDERSTAND? OPEN YOUR EYES.
Dems still trying to play 3D chess while cons burn the house down. Can you fight, Senator? It's well past time to do so.
@nycsouthpaw The republican party stopped believing in democracy in 2009. They now believe in power at any cost. #resist
The GOP doesn't play by political norms. They haven't for most of the last 30 years. Adjust accordingly.  Thank you, Sen.
.@SenatorCantwell .@nycsouthpaw Dems trying 2  Protect Democracy GOP trying 2 burn democracy down. Nothing new, not hard to understand
How could the quorum rule be suspended by a simple majority w/ only GOP present? Isn't THAT against the rules?
It can be done in the main floor senate which oversees the committee.
That's not what happened. The committee itself suspended the rules.
I get the point, but not that hard to understand.
Must stand up to this and RESIST/OPPOSE! Yes, we can believe they did this..now, what is our response. Complain or fight?!
not difficult to believe, though. The only way forward is resistance. Thanks.
How can the Republicans get away with changing rules so Democratic votes aren't needed?
it's called anarchy and there needs to be repercussions!
The GOP is very good at making things happen. When is our Dem leadership going to wake up?
that after the Garland block this surprises you tells me you don't pay attention to what goes on at your work place
So stop shaking your head at their lack of morality or decency, roll up your sleeves and FIGHT the bastards!
But it's not. They've been playing by their own rules for the past 8 years. Please stand up against them.
applaud your efforts but let's just call it a major cue for #presidentbannon #Resistance #Putinspuppet #NoBanNoWall
@standingup4ever  Withhold consent! Obstruct! Slow or stop whatever you can. It is now or never.
Stand up now, don't give in, and let their failure be their own!
The mistake is in believing they care anything about rules.
How does it work that they can push through nominees without a Dem in the room?
They're illegitimate. Time to name them, shame them, and FIGHT THEM.
Stop trying to understand. Be prepared to fight.
Not hard 2 understand. They know longer noms exposed to scrutiny, the more voters will know how bad theyre getting screwed.
When the administration self destructs the blood will be on the hands of the @SenateGOP
When you figure it out how, and then figure out how to fight back, let us know
When the President fires the AG for upholding the law and @GOP ignores rules - we see how Hitler rose so easily #shame
Perhaps being a Republican these days is more like being a cult member.
Stop fucking working with them. It's not working. No more UC.
I don’t know - seems pretty easy to understand to me. They no longer care about right and wrong.
