stop talking and impeach him based on the constitution..
violation 50 USC 3021 look it up..
however it is breaking a major statutory law passed by Congress and violation of the national security act...
please stand up for American values, human values.
Thank you for your support, continue to resist oppression and bigotry, and vote your conscience!  Make America free again!
Act now and Thank 
@IndivisibleWA4 Please hold the sdministration to be accountable. Investigate Bannon now
Thank you so much for representing Washington state and American values. Keep fighting . joan Cross, La Conner, Wa
Senator, the time to act is Now. The people do not stand with this.
wasn't this action taken due to their failed govs? 90 day moratorium Obama admin ID. 7 of 46 of Mus countries affected.
thank you for standing with immigrants and refugees. #NoMuslimBan #standwithrefugees #standwithimmigrants
We are counting on you to stand up and fight.  We need you to say it loudly and clearly to your peers.
LOL It's confirmed... you did not read the order. #Moron.
Thank you for speaking out and showing up. Continue to disrupt and strike down the Drumpf/Bannon agenda
Thank you for speaking out against this careless executive order. Please use every tool at your disposal to fight it.
Thank you, Senator. Keep speaking out!
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for our country's principles. Please do all you can to ensure this administration does the same.
Thank you! Now do everything you can to stop & block the madness. You are my voice #stopsessions #StopDeVos #NoBanNoWall
Thank you, Senator Cantwell.
Silence = collaboration and acquiescence = unAmerican.
Look at all these mentally ill liberal democrats losing their minds. Best election ever. LOL
Thank you for your statement.  Please withold consent on all Trumps' nominees and fillibuster any new bill.
I'm urging you to protect immigrants and refugees from all nations and backgrounds! Fight for all of us! #NoBanNoWall
didn't see your complaint when o bummer did it
You have stated the obvious. Now tell us what you're going to do about it.
That immigration executive order violated the Constitution. He should be impeached.
Senators should start worrying about the people they represent in Washington State and not people from other countries.
@UniteBlue Sorry to say, you need to take a good look at Human Nature. Who is really coming into America?
Thank you for opposing this unAmerican EO. Please continue to speak up in Congress. #nomuslimban
Vote no on all of Trump's Cabinet picks to fight further acts of discrimination by his administration.
PLEASE do something about this. Statements of support are one thing, take down this nonsense! Confirm nobody--NOBODY!
read it!
thanks Maria for fighting this.  I'll be marching in downtown Seattle later today with a brother and a son on this issue.
DO something! Not just words - though these are a good start.
ok, so what are doing about it? #StopPresidentBannon #NoBanNoWall #impeach
Thanks for standing up to this.
- Then please do everything you can stop stand against the hate and unconstitutional actions. #StandUp
Do something!
Thx for your thoughts. Trump's actions are a recruitment poster for radicals. Pls help you R colleagues grow some spine
The time for talk is over. Please share a plan of action or be prepared for the rise of a viable 3rd party.
thank you for your statement. Please share what you will be doing to fight the immigration ban.
Thank you Pls use your authority & influence on Rs in both houses to work @ removal of Trump, block nominations, save ACA
Police peppersprayed protesters at Seatac. Will we be safe from police tonight in Seattle? Maria-Block ALL trump appointees
thank you for taking a stand!!!
cool. What are you planning to do about it?
given the ban, security council changes which include Bannon, all remaining cabinet nominees must be opposed. Just say no!
Why are protesters being pepper sprayed at Sea-Tac???  @ACLU
thank you for speaking out on #MuslimBan. Looking forward to sering actions you will take.
Thank you for speaking out against this un-American ban!
Yes do something other than a weak statement.
Thank you for speaking out promptly.  Looking forward to seeing concrete steps to overturn this ban.  #StopPresidentBannon
thank you!
This statement is weak and doesn't address the exec order directly. I expect more forceful opposition to this inhumane act.
Thank you for opposition to this horrific ban. Not our constitution, not our values.
Thank you for this. Please follow up with action!
thank you for your stand against #muslimban
#StopPresidentBannon
let's keep America great and push back against @realDonaldTrump  the bully elect thanks
So what are you doing to remove this monster from power? I voted for you.
she's voting yes for at least half of Trumps appointments. Look at her voting record
Please let us know what you will be doing to fight these discriminatory policies.
What is our next action step to impeach?
IT'S CALLED TOUGH LOVE
Thank you, but we also need active resistance to Trump's department. And let me know how I can help.
we need more from our Washington Senators. The people are rallying. Where is plan from Dems in Congresd? We want action
We would appreciate a statement from you on a concrete plan to obstruct POTUS and unconstitutional acts.
Thank you for speaking out. Let's do more!
Please pressure your leadership to open a special.session, and vote NO on Jeff Sessions, who aided & supports this EO.
Thank you. Please follow the example set by Gov Inslee & fight this administration w/ all you've got & all WE gave you.
put a staffer on regularly updating your FB and twitter-situation is fluid, we need your representation
what are you DOING about the Muslim ban and Steve Bannon on the national security council?
#resist all.  Don't vote for anything he wants..Cabinet, funding, etc.  Delegitimize him by action.  Washington Dem
I can't wait to cast a vote that takes you from office!
Career politicians are destroying our Republic
Thank you, Senator Cantwell.
As one of your constituents I am asking you to please stand up and do something. Forget the rules, obviously he doesn't abide by any!
Don't tweet about it.  Propose legislation to stop it.  Be brave or be a collaborator.  No in between.
Time to stop talking and act, obstruct. #resist
so... you want this to happen in W.A. state! Thanks
As one of your constituents I hope you will oppose DT's choices for cabinet posts as well as his SCJ pick. Defend us!
Then please #stopsessions or will just get worse!
Please take action. I'm one of your constituents. We NEED you to represent us right now, and fight.
I'm your constituent, & agree with all others. This statement is weak sauce. Step up, roll back your sleeves. Fight!!!
we the people of washington demand stronger statement and action from you and your team, step up
Please DO something! Tweets and talk are not enough.
Time to impeach Trump and Pence. Pence has stood by and allowed this insanity.
Stop w/ the talk, resist every single appointment & regression! DO YOUR DUTY. We're paying attention, & will vote you out.
you need to do more than a twitter statement. Stand on the steps of the Capitol and stand up for our values.
Thank you but please take action I faithfully vote for you and I want something done about Trump before it's too late
also a 1965 law signed by LBJ. Thanks for fighting.
Thank you for speaking up.  Now please fight this!  For all of us.
what's going on at #seatacprotest? What about green card holders forced to sign I-407 under threat? #MuslimBan #seatac
DO SOMETHING!  or you will be primaried!
hey senator, I'm from WA, voted for you every election.  You need to show up & fight.  Soft condemnation won't work anymore
I need the Dems to have a plan. This is frightening having an insane person as president. He needs to go now!
And what are you going to DO about it?
as I have said before, the do nothing Senator Cantwell doesn't respond she only panders to people via twitter.
Yes, and what are you going to do about it? Your FB and Web pages are silent on this topic. Commit to resist!
Looking forward to seeing you take action against this. Please protect my Muslim neighbors.
FIGHT IT. I'm a constituent. BLOCK EVERYTHING he tries to pass against us, against people.
thank you.  I value your representation.
@PattyMurray Please do something to stop the Trump administration. This is no longer the time for lukewarm words. Please fight! Take action!
please help us and get this madman out of office
Where is your passion against what has been happening this week?  Have you made too many lobbying friends?
.@SenatorCantwell has been lukewarm in denouncement of muslim ban EO. Need to start protesting at her office in Seattle. she is our voice.
.@SenatorCantwell This is a very lukewarm response to this EO.  The people of WA are going to hold you accountable if you can't do better.
Thank you for this statement. Now we need to see action from you.
Yes . . . .
Please let your constituents know what action you'll be taking in DC to fight this. Calling your office Monday.
thank you Senator this is horrible. Thank you for believing in the America we all love. @realDonaldTrump must go!!
And I hope that sentiment will carry over into voting against Jeff Sessions.
thank you for speaking out! Please stop confirming Trump nominees.
NO to @BetsyDeVos
.@SenatorCantwell Then lead. Share a plan. Let us help. Or we will remember in 2018.
.@SenatorCantwell thank you for making America great by standing up for those in need. #NoBanNoWall
what are you doing right now, Senator?
We are counting an you to take action to protect us from Trump's authoritarian regime, @SenatorCantwell . Will you do it?
well said, thank you!
So DO something. I'm one of your constituents, and I want effective representation.
Seattle in-office visit @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray Jan 31, 11AM-1PM 915 2nd Ave #ResistTrumpTuesday
Thank you for speaking out against #MuslimBan! Please elaborate how you plan to fight this and other overreaching EO's.
get off twitter and actually do something about it. You are to be a voice of your people, not your biggest donors. #corrupt
Thank you for speaking, but we need action also. No cooperation, no compromise with Trump admin. Start with #RemoveBannon
what are you doing to stop all this madness? You must fight back!
There are 13 people being detained at SeaTac.  Please help them.
we get this! Now do something!
thank you for speaking out!
The 7 countries were actually selected last year by Obama admin as posing special risks...
You'll have to do more. WE know that. Denounce the EOs. Speak directly at Trump. You're not behaving like we're in crisis.
Thank you Senator Cantwell. #resist
You were elected to fight this kind of thing. What are you waiting for?
don't vote on his nominees. Resist him. Block him in any way you can
what RU doing? You & @PattyMurray. This constituent wants to know. Stand w/ @SenWarren! #resist
help to do something about it.
What are you going to DO about it??? Action, please.
what are you doing to overturn this islamophobic law and protect refugees and legal residents, workers, travelers to us?
Yes, what are you doing?
You are a Democratic Senator, act like one, don't vote for or approve anything Trump admin wants! We're behind you! Thanks!
what are YOU going to do about this? This is a soft coup by the Trump administration. #resist (WA voter here)
I agree with all of that, but are you DOING anything? (I'm a constituent & voter, BTW). Please, DO WHAT YOU CAN! NOW!
Wrong.  This isn't discrimination it's about protecting our citizens from terrorists.  Makes sense!
time to resist. We must stop this madness. What can you do in Congress?
get out and protest in front of House.. Senate. There are no more RULES!! DO MORE !
We're heading to Sea Tac if any of your staff is going to be there, let us know. Thank you.
people I voted for are at SeaTac protesting while u tweet stuff midschoolers know
Can you please make a stronger statement against the Muslim Ban?
what exactly are you doing for us to help them?!?
Why do stupid people like you keep voting for his Fascist nominees???
you and rest of partisan obstructionist reps have created this outrage and brought us Trump cause you don't listen. Thanks
worse, they are unconstitutional. Urge the House to impeach.
Stay strong. #NoBanNoWall The #MuslimBan is inhumane and unAmerican. Tell POTUS to rescind #MuslimBan
You have the ability to make a difference. Please DO SOMETHING. This is your legacy.
.@SenatorCantwell #FreedomOfReligion is not just a tradition. It's law - the #BillOfRights Don't let them off so easy.
Worse, they're in violation of the Constitution's establishment of religion clause. Democrats must strongly push back.
I just called you about this! Glad to see you're on it.
so what will you do to combat this horrible action?
I need to see your name in every major paper giving this President HELL or you are just playing your mouthpiece
This is not who we are! How can we stop it?
Not to mention #UnAmerican What are you and @PattyMurray doing about it? We elected you to resist @realDonaldTrump and end this!
Now we need big actions from the Senate.  Resist!
Stop talking, start fighting and #withholdconsent. This is a minority admin with no mandate - don't let them forget it.
@JenEDavison are you going to have the balls to do anything about this or just a vanilla statement is all you got?
thank you for fighting for us!
I am saddened by what our country has become and is becoming. People The eyes of the world are watching and crying!
But u voted for Kelly and betraying all USA stands for and now millions terrified #shame Stop helping a monster #resist
I'm a constituent. I want stronger language and more VOCAL condemnation of the actions being taken by this administration.
well do something this nut is out of control
Please push back. This is a moral and constitutional nightmare. #muslimban
Thank you for your statement; now take action!  #withholdconsent
Were you just as outraged in 2011 when Obama banned Iranian refugees for 6 months?
star filibustering. We are going to start shutting down your offices WA until you start acting
I second what everyone else is saying: time to implement a policy of complete and total obstruction. #shutitalldown
Obstruct the cabinet, sup ct, legislation. We vote for u. Stand up for us. #resist #MuslimBan
Thank you
We're way beyond "thoughts and prayers." What do you intend to do to stop this?
Dear @SenatorCantwell that's a well written statement. What's your call to action?
Thank you for speaking out. What are you and @SenateDems doing about it?
Unconstitutional too. Remind Ryan, McConnell, Rubio, Priebus, they thought so too pre-Trump. #notinmyname #muslimban
, then take some action beyond these ideological statements! Washington citizens deserve more.
Halt the appointment process.
Fight trump at every opportunity, A statement isn't enough.
you must stand up. You must do something. You must get this overturned. This is your job. Please.
do you have a more forceful statement out there or any action-related activities?
America has enough diversity & acceptance! we don'tneed any more!!!
- You are spot on! I appreciate your stance! Please all you can end this Ban on Muslims - it is wrong!
What are you planning to do to help stop this?
and our law from 1965?
