Much like those Palestinians you oppose with your Sponsorship of the anti BDS bill & the $94,562 you receive from proIsraeli Pacs
Why do you keep showing up with facts? I sure wish the people who need the facts would research them. It's exhausting-thanks Senator!
Maybe you can explain this with some "facts", then.
Well since your little meme contains no facts I don't see the need to explain. Please go educate yourself on #DACA and the other bs
Since you can't explain your position, I suggest you stop pushing it then.
I'm not defending that because it's not true. Like I said- YOU need to seek the truth. If you want to push lies that's on you.
Starting with: DREAMers do not get free college  Nor do they qualify for any state welfare.
"Should" is the operative word you are missing.
The word "should" is not in any one of these tweets. Wtf are you even talking about? You must be a bot.
What about our kids, the vets? Does anyone worry about America? Shame on you...
You know we can worry about multiple people at the same time. Your deflection doesn't make sense
I'd be happy if Americans were on the list
Also are you prioritizing some people's lives over others? What moral compass do you live by?
DACA was & is a farse. They were never vetted. Fraud is 40-50% Plus it was illegal. They march & wrap themselves in Mex flag! Not American!
I had less problem with DACA before millions of Texans, Floridians, & those in Louisiana faced homelessness and FEMA trailers.
But they aren't legal and #Daca is just temporary
Then how bout you get off your ass and your key board worrier comments and do the job your paid to do. Send a bill up!
We don't need more emotion and propaganda from the irresponsible Dems. Dems created a privileged class at the expense of citizens! No more!
Ending SACA will save American Taxpayers BILLIONS.
They should be applying for citizenship. They are adults now and should be paying there way like everyone else.
Amen!!!!
why do you refer to them as immigrants? they are here illegally
DACA stands for FREE LOADERs
They are not citizens.
Citizens invest in community, work hard, contribute to U.S. economy, and DON'T BREAK THE LAW. #PipeDreamers #Dreamers
So you're good with executive orders being treated as law? King George and Trump are pleased. Shouldn't we use real  actual laws instead?
https://twitter.com/andyhortin/status/906306320587923459 …
Illegals should NEVER be given preference over our black brothers and sisters in THIS country.
They are Mexicans go by Mexico immigration policy..check it out Maria
They are still illegal ..the injustice on Americans and Mexicans alike was done by your party and Barach Obama
Its too bad you don't work for American people like you  do illegals. I hope people in your state realize these & votes you out.
Why don't you watch Obamas speech again.
So do Americans that Democrats adveseraly  ignore our laws to hurt, being the partys who pay your salary. Follow the law, make no excuse.
Why don't you tell people that now YOU have the responsibility for DACA, which should have been true from the beginning. Stop stirring.
Ending DACA would be best thing.they can go back and return legally and never vote for a democrat again! You should not have lied to them
Like the thousands of #DACA recipients that committed crimes. What is their investment or contribution. I guess I missed that tweet @FoxNews
They are illegals. That means they have NO RIGHTS. If they want to be citizens then apply. END OF DISCUSSION.
If you call crime an investment...
Americans have NO REPRESENTATION by our U.S. GOVERNMENT. They STEAL OUR VOTES to REPRESENT TRESPASSING ILLEGALS. NO #DreamAct
You're a TRAITOR. You were elected by U.S. CITIZENS to REPRESENT U.S. CITIZENS, not ILLEGALS. STEP DOWN. NO #DreamAct
I'm sure some do, but it is not fair to generalize. The truth is they are still illegal. Some child abusers are fine hard working people.
Really Senator? they cost the REAL Americans billions. Afraid you'll lose your hired help. #EndDACA
Our Dreamers don't need to go anywhere. Trump and his band of crooks and bullies however....

Link on DACA Fraud at 40-50%
really
So when do I get to pick and choose which laws I want to abide by? Oh that's right Im am American so I don't. I break the law I get punished
Most of us don't  have the $ to get off for crimes. The  (justus) system
Disturbing this ignorance comes from a Senator. DACA by definition is temporary. If u want to protect these ppl do ur damn job & pass a law.
They all had long enough to have their ducks in order.  Time to end DACA.
How about you help AMERICANS, Veterans whose children are not welcome here not allowed to claim their birthright look at HR 1520
Senator, you've been given the opportunity to make DACA law, so...  You all need to do what you are paid to do.
No amnesty!!! Tired of paying high taxes and having very inadequate health care while these people have free health care, housing, ect
Yes California is a good example. High taxes, crime, some of thre stupidest laws of any state, and Sanctuary cities!!! Resign! End DACA!!!
You clearly don't understand correlation with causation. Try reading a book for once




Like electing DJT wd b misguided. U obviously voted 4 HRC. 4 the life of me how cd u justify yr vote 4 a POS? Must have expected a $ payoff.
Let them do that in their country.
They take jobs from US Citizens!
This isn't about DACA. This is about Trump and his racist regime trying to unravel and erase Obama's legacy. Repeal and Replace Trump.
Trumple-thin-skin... Oh if only the Dreamers had white skin.. Maybe I would not look so bad and everyone would love me!!!
Stop over reacting...Get to work its in Congress  hands.  DO you job, they can stay if not they leave.
Well then tell congress to make it a law.  Do it the right way. Don't give presidents control of our laws. We have reps for that.
Came illegal stayed illegal time for people to quit paying taxes to a government more concerned about illegal aliens than legal citizens
Hello sweetie
Congressmen and Senators quit your whining and fix Obama's illegal law. If you feel that strongly for it
 YEAH RIGHT ! 
... America has rules and regulation and so Respect THAT
Where is the father of the child in the article? Their communities but not America's community?
So do legal immigrants, so let's stand by those who respected our sovereignty and aren't trying to make America lawless
Perhaps they should invest in becoming citizens along with investing in the community.  Legal immigrants would appreciate it
SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS: IF THE PARENTS BREAK INTO THE BANK...THEIR KIDS GET TO KEEP THE MONEY!
I can see why you're whining so much, being that Trump is making you do your job after all these years but seriously, DO YOUR JOB!
They cost far more than they put in. They're a burden and they are taking advantage of those who follow our immigration laws. #screwDACA
We should stop all immigration until ALL US CITIZENS are not homeless. Use OUR money to help us!
Honest question:  do Dreamers pay taxes?
Not really. EITC means they get more than they put in if they pay at all. Plus they cost more than they put in when they do pay.
What does the law say?  Pathetic.
What a crock! They contribute FAR LESS than they COST US & you know it-why keep lying? You don't know right...from wrong! Sold your soul?
Uh, in my state they R all having babies like there's no tomorrow-they R all getting prenatal care on us and their minor children get CHIP.
They have 1/3 more babies than average Americans
That's nationwide, right? But states carry their own CHIPS. So percentagewise some states carry much larger loads. Not many DACAS IN Alaska
Obama was sure to ship them all over. Places like TX, AZ, NM,CA get it the worst. In NM over 70% of births are on Medicaid.
They're illegally here.
Are u a member of Congress? ??  Do your job!
they are illegal period end it and dont say they came with parents most came alone on the trains last year.
And are still coming
Save #DACA
How ignorant you are of God!
Citizenship is a privilege, not a right!! @SenatorCantwell
Per OBAMA: "Lets be clear what DACA is NOT...a pathway to citizenship."  #SaturdayMorning
Short term memory by Dems, hysteria over DACA pause 4 congress 2 do something  constitutional! According to low memory O, DACA temporary!! 
Predicated to an unlawful premise. But I think Pres Trump is pardoning them all.
I stand with citizens and legal immigrants.
Take care of your citizens first
DACA Program is unlawful & unconstitutional. Change the law or Constitution. A humane & just resolution sans amnesty should be possible…
I don't think our reps on the left took civics courses... Or its more nefarious than that they are counting on the fact that most Americans
haven't
No they don't they under cut our wages,they take jobs away from us Americans, I live in boarder state and lost jobs because of them
Wasting your breath! Her name should be CantDoWell! One of the worst liberals in WA state! Lives the evil leftist agenda-refuses logic!
I am not sure that I buy that point of view.  My voters don't need more competition.
Please resign
And the ONE @POTUS who is trying to UPHOLD our constitution and follow law. #SaturdayMorning #MAGA
@POTUS"I have love 4 the people impacted by the #DACA cancellation#Congress has 6 months 2 Implement #ImmigrationReform Properly #EndDACA 
Then start doing yr job .@SenatorCantwell along w/the other swamp people & legislate law to make DACA permanent if U really care!
Per @BarackObama: "This is not a pathway to citizenship or the right to stay here."  #MAGA #SaturdayMorning https://twitter.com/crusher614/status/906191598265917440 …
So do drug dealers..
If you can't do your job under The Constitution you will go down with the criminals!
Seriously? ????  No one is ending anything.   It's in the hands of Congress now.  Lay off Trump.  He just helped you.
Blah
Blah
Blah
You forgot to say 
Cruel.
It's illegal. He said so.
I like motivation to be a citizen.
Stinking lawless traitor...did JUST that!

You abdicated your role in legislation & punted to executive fiat, but now bitch over illegal act repealed? WTF is wrong with you?
Well said Oxhard
TRUMP SENT IT BACK TO CONGRESS TO BE CONSTITUTIONALLY LEGAL
LIKE OBAMA SAYS (NOT MEANT TO BE AMNESTY)(TEMPORARY)
Glad you are fighting for #DACA and #DREAMers
Thank you
Except for that whole obtaining citizenship thing...
30% of them are criminals. End #DACA
Something in the back of my mind seems to think that there's this special branch of gov't that can create or amend laws...
What does the 'D' in #DACA even mean then? I thought *deferred* means *temporary*. It's Obama's and Congress's fault, NOT Trump's.
Senator, we R paying ur salary2work4us not2serve illegals on our dime!!Dying & forgotten middle class citizen need urgent help.Citizens 1st.
Hi, what's the penelty if Senators fail2 recognize illegally enteringUS as crime?Is it violation of office oath?R they obeyingUS laws?
Congressmen & Senators need2 focus on our kids dream 1st &2make them come true. R we country of laws or country has laws? Charity at home1st
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity starts at home1st. Focus on US Citizens1st.
You either don't understand - or are willfully ignorant.
Based on what evidence? Those that get to stay must have future accountability and a proven track record.
I'll tell that to the cop next time he stops me for speeding. "But I contribute to society & work hard, Mr. Policeman" Sure, he'll pass over
Dreamers are in line going through the process LEGALLY. These ILLEGAL ALIENS you plan on using for ILLEGAL VOTES are CRIMINALS.
And the #HomelessVeterans never contributed anything? To all you people that liked this, be like @cher and open your home to a #Veteran

So, if the President has authority to make laws like #DACA - wouldn't that make you & the rest of Congress obsolete?
Yes, but Sen. Cantwell doesn't understand logic or law. Sad.
In her defense, neither do most politicians.
DACA costs $54.5 billion each year. So ur saying that u couldn't fine a better way to spend that money on oh I don't know, homelessnes for 1
Have you taken a look at our state lately? It's a mess! Please do not re-elect @SenatorCantwell....#TermLimits
These don't look like kids
They also take college scholarships intended to go to actual Americans.
1. Did #DACA favor one segment of illegals over another?
2. Why do you not wish to end something that is not constitutionally legal?
3. ?
Do you personally endorsed favoritism towards #DACA participants over those who have struggled to do the legal process and waited in line?
I really want you to explain yourself, Senator. Go beyond your core base sound bites. Ambiguous pandering does not cut it. Let's talk.
Senator, does that mean it would be okay if they didn't contribute? Like if they experience injury or illness?
I'll answer for her.  Of course not, but I think she means so many DO contribute. I witness it every day! They do!  So many do.
No excuse for breaking the law while others follow it.
No excuse for not applying grace, justice and Christian mercy.
This is a nation not a church an we have separation of church and state. We are a nation of laws. Period.
