Thank you for working so hard to appoint a special prosecutor
Well then get those answers!
Thank you, Senator! Stand strong!
As one of your constituents in Tacoma, the need for action is dire. Wanting is great but you have to push for independent investigators.
Why? There's ZERO evidence of it. Can you investigate Saudi Arabia's interference viz donating tens of millions to the Hillary campaign?
Anyone who doesnt want this investigated by a special prosecutor supports the Russians and supports communism and the #pigfuckingorangutang
Shut it down until an independent investigator is appointed.
You need evidence, there is none that would be the reason they can't open one. @SenatorCantwell knows this. Left being mislead.
The FBI is currently investigating and now there are subpoenas. It's ridiculous to keep on with this "no evidence" line.
They're ridiculous people. Chanted "Lock her up" all campaign without evidence, now require it from every tweeter.
Umm.. I believe intelligence committee are investigating it. Why has no one found evidence? Why has no one come forward? 0 evidence.
It took 1 1/2 years to complete the Nixon investigation. It has only been 3 months. You don't have a clue about how these things work.
Neither do you. Unless you have some insider info you'd like to tell us.
You presume election interference by the Russian government in 2016. Please provide a link to one piece of convincing, irrefutable evidence.
We want a real investigation of #HRC as well as an investigation into the IRS and we also want our $150B back from Iran!
An independent investigator is eminent. Not bc of who he fired but bc WE cant trust his purposefull use of influence & sensitivity to facts.
Isn't DJT talking 2 FBI about investigation, then making that public, evidence of Obstruction of justice? Guilty of leaking
Getting Trump tax return to see if what Eric Trump said about Russian money wd be good start.
Please do whatever necessary to get rid of him before he starts wars around the world as distraction #ImpeachNow
Get back to work, nobody cares about the Russians
Stand strong. In solidarity from Mason County, WA
When is this going to stop! Let it go and let him work on getting our country back to a leadership role in the world. LET IT GO
Start with examining Hillary's emails with the DNC to keep a Jew out of the candidacy.  #AntiSemiteHillary #DemsCoverUp
Would you Senators get to work instead of looking for problems.  Try solving some.  I am so tired of all this constant BULLSHIT.
Special prosecutor. And make sure the next person running the FBI isn't in trump's hip pocket
Go get 'em. You have my support.
What about Seth Rich!
Thank you
Huh? ZERO proof. Moved from “hacked” to “influenced” to “gave us a dirty look”. How about Saudi’s purchase of influence when HRC was SoS.
Let's get the clowns  out of the White House!
There wasn't any. Problem solved. Now about Obama influencing the French vote...
Ask the DNC about that.
Please do!
Seth Richards was murdered & Podesta emails stopped going to wikileaks. Maria you are smart-you know. Russia used investigative journalism.
There is nothing you can do about it, so live with it.  It is a fact in this time we live.  Learn how to protect your e mail and get on.
full speed ahead ...time is of the essence
We know they interfered. We know it didn't determine the outcome. Move on please.
How about the Clinton Foundation's notorious foreign entanglements while HRC was Sec of State? Any interest there?
You need to be voted out. The partisan BS is ending the careers of a lot of your fellow gang members, so please keep it up. #ByeMaria
This is imperative. We need you now more than ever.
Then unite senators. Refuse to vote on items. Hold Dems all In press conference on Capitol steps calling for special pros. Don't talk. Do.
Senator, stay at em.
10 months of investigation by house, senate, and FBI has produced NOTHING. Stop wasting taxpayer dollars on this witch hunt
Thank you for working for We the People!
Thank you very much, Senator Cantwell.
Please advocate for a special prosecutor!!
Introduce legislation to rid the country of electronic voting machines!! Legislatively mandated limited risk audits. Any fed.remedy?
How about compromised government officials selling us and our Constitution out to a adversarial enemy.
The United States is the only country that is allowed to influence the elections of foreign governments because democracy
Only after a real Fed investigation into Hillary, #Server #Uranium #Benghazi the list is longer than 140 characters. #SocialismDoesntWork
Thank you!  Independent investigation!
Thank you senator. We (WA-3) are counting on it.
Please!
WE DESERVE THE TRUTH! WHATEVER
IT MAY BE!
Special prosecutor!
Thank you 4 standing up 4 yr constituents. What r u doing about it? So far all we hear is Statements, we need action. Special Prosecutor NOW
Then you need to follow:
@LouiseMensch @3L3V3NTH @olgaNYC1211 @th3j35t3r @TrueFactsStated
Please support Medical Marijuana
Keep on shouting in your echo chamber, Senator.
What difference does it make?
Yes! Bring on the Special Prosecutor!
Stronger, Louder, More!! #Resist
Demand an independent investigation.  
Thank you for #Resistance
We need to figure out how to stop it first. If we cannot stop what is currently happening it may not matter.
Special prosecutor!
Thank you Senator Cantwell for calling for a special independent prosecutor!
Thank you! I am proud of both of my Senators!
Oh and you have 2 citizens in your state who have had their children kipnapped by birth moms and kept in Japan Bring those kids #BacHome
We have all senators at a higher level and expect all to recognize what this really is and impeach him with speed.
As a WA citizen please fix healthcare and the budget and the opium crisis and homelessness here and this states mental health problem 1st
You should be in dirtbag McConnell's face EVERY DAY
Thank you. We need as many lawmakers like you that we can get.
Well then what are you doing specifically to that end? It's nice to want things. How about delivering some results.
Thank you. This is all very distressing. I am very concerned that this is the first step in PT's plan to prosecute Hillary.
Yes! Important to know about the Russian connection and corruption.
Amen!
Firing Comey is obstruction of justice. @realDonaldTrump needs to be impeached. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
I for one thank @wikileaks revealing the corruption and collusion of Hillary @TheDemocrats @DNC rigging the primaries against Bernie Sanders
Stop helping Putin with your encouragement of Mass Hysteria. Clarify difference btwn INTERFERENCE and COLLUSION!
Yes! Thank you Senator, please continue to push forward with this.
This is overwhelmingly serious -- this canNOT be a partisan issue!  How can R's be convinced to be Americans first?  IMPEACH!!!
Whatever @SenatorCantwell, where were you when Obama was doing secret negotiations with Iran? Hypocrisy at its best
As your constituent I find it critical that you stand up for us and do everything in your power to stop Trump's corruption! #ImpeachTrump
I'm not buying this Neo-Cold War propaganda. Bigger issue = @TheDemocrats @DNC are corrupt and cheated Bernie Sanders out of being president
Thank you Senator.
While you're at it, start writing up IMPEACHMENT papers. Malignant narcissist, worse then Putin, in WH.
Who sold uranium to the Russians? Who paid off the Iranians? And gave them a Nuke deal!...LOOK WITH IN or in a mirror..#draintheswamp
We need a special prosecutor ASAP.  Thanks for your stand.  Keep pushing!
Finally! Now actually do something. The Dems need to step it up to a catastrophic level. We won't take any less as your constituents.
Thank you...we are behind you!
Look at Hillary and COMEY and Last but not least O Just to name a few. Not that difficult to figure out!
Please do a town hall in Seattle ASAP. We deserve the chance to see you & have our voices heard.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you.
thank you! Keep fighting for us.
Thank you!
Thank you. You and your colleagues must use every tactic and tool to get to the bottom of this and stop the @GOP's undermining of democracy.
No "business as usual" until Congress gets to the bottom of this!
Thank you
w.e you helped cause this coz, #SuperDelegates. You're the last person to speak on free & fair elections or democracy.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!
Prevent "again" what "hasn't" happened yet. Are you for real? Get out of town. #GoodGrief
Keep pushing, Senator!
Please say this every chance you get!
We need an independent investigation and a special prosecutor who is actually trustworthy.
Yes, PLEASE! and Thank You!
Too bad your republican counter parts don't feel the same. If we don't get an independent investigation now, we never will.
So you will push for a special prosecutor?
