.@SenatorCantwell, your strong opposition to Judge Gorsuch and his anti-disability rulings are very appreciated. Thank you. #StopGorsuch
@SenatorCantwell Thank you
#RED STATE #DEMOCRATS need to support #GORSUCH
Another swamp resident playing Washington DC politics as usual! DRAIN THE SWAMP! Return the power to the people! Been in DC too long!
@janeeucraft thank you from 
@CrabQ ty senator.
Keep that in mind when you want a piece of the pork barrel for your constituents.  Your statement is not necessary reading.
Please stay strong AGAINST #Gorsuch as a mother of 3 special needs boys he does not have my children's interests at heart
Judges are supposed to impartially apply the law, not have the "interests" of any one party at heart. That's a corruption of judicial role.
Thank you for your courageous stand for women and workers!
Thank you very much!
Thank you Senator!
He''s getting confirmed and you can't do a thing to stop it.
Thank you
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!!!!!
Thank you, Senator! Keep fighting the good fight!
2 votes in Bothell say, "Yes. Thank you!". Don't just oppose as if this is normal. #Resist and #NewElection
Thank you! All .@SenateDems should stand together to filibuster #Gorsuch until after #TrumpRussia investigation concluded. #45 is suspect.
Stop the anti Trump party BS. Start voting what is best for those who voted for you. I haven't seen anything wrong with Gorsuch for SCOTUS
Thank you Maria. Please urge remaining Dem Senators who haven't declared position to support filibuster & vote NO on Gorsuch @PattyMurray
Thank you! Women's rights are systematically being stripped away & this SCOTUS nominee seems to want to endanger them further.
Thank you!
Thank you so much. I am a constituent and am grateful for you standing up for American workers and civil liberties.
Echo Chamber...He's only extremely qualified you know?  Petty.
Thank you!
Thank you. Senate has bunch of ambassadors, undersecretaies to confirm anyone in GOP willing to work on that just put gorsuch on hold awhile
Thank you Senator! No vote until Russia investigation is completed!
It's not quite #FilibusterGorsuch but thank you for listening to your constituents at least this much!
Her not supporting cloture is actually supporting the filibuster. A cloture vote is needed to stop a filibuster.
.@SenatorCantwell

Thank you!
This SCOTUS seat belongs to Dem Voters, not GOP Obstructionist
No Trump SCOTUS Appointments
PLEASE STAND FIRM
Can you support the NUCLEAR OPTION FALLOUT that comes with this?
Need to get day to day work done ambassadors undersecretaies do that. Gorsuch shld wait 2 days for every day GOP stalled on garland
Great job Senator.  The party of NO.  Site cases that support your position.  What have you accomplished this year?? Zero?
Thank you, Senator Cantwell.  Hope Senator Murray will do the same.
Then your interpretation of how the constitution needs to be viewed is wrong. It is the framework for this country. #Wrong
Thank you!!! Happy you are fighting for us. We must filibuster this nominee.
Thank you!
THANK YOU!!! That was the right choice:)) Thank you!!
And you will lose, and you will yet continue to divide the country with your partisan BS
Thank you, Sen. Cantwell.
Thank you, Senator Cantwell!
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Good job listening- from the 33rd. Now- support Medicare for All!
Support you all the way!
Thank you Senator!
Pls vote to confirm him! Don't let the Dem talking points overshadow ur pragmatism.
I am thrilled to hear you are willing to #filibusterGorsuch! Thank you for your careful deliberation and listening to constituents.
Thank you Sen Cantwell!
Why did you vote to confirm this very same judge before?  Quit the petty politics, please.
No need for any statement other than: 

"it was a stolen seat"

End of story.
Thank you! Very happy to see that you won't be supporting his confirmation. (98107) #StopGorsuch  #resist
Thank you @SenatorCantwell for joining @PattyMurray in committing to filibuster. So honored to have you two representing me!
Hold the line, Senator! We're with you.
Way to go!! Thank you!
Yay!!  Thanks so much!!
Only thing to do considering the circumstances America finds itself in. You are on the right side here.
Thank you!!! 98059 #resist
Thank you @SenatorCantwell!!!
Thank you!!!!
I am proud of you for saying no to Neil Gorsuch as Supreme Court nominee. We stand with you. Margaret
Great to hear! Thank you! 
Stupid political party games. Tired of the dysfunction.
Thank you, Senator Cantwell!
#WeThePeople Demand #StopGorsuch
#NoGorsuch or Any SCOTUS Nom by @realDonaldTrump under FBI Investigation for #TrumpRussia Crimes!
Thank you Senator, and appreciate your detailed and specific analysis and reasoning for not supporting Gorsuch nomination.
Very proud of my Senators.
Yes! Thank you!
thank you! You have my vote!
Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you @SenatorCantwell! You have this constituent's support. Stay strong! #resist
Thank you for your thoughtful analysis and well-reasoned decision. I support you!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator Cantwell.
Thank You, You Have My Support
Agreed!! Now come back to Seattle and have a town hall. Your constituents deserve this! #resist
Thank you. He's not the right justice for US
Thank you! 
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Cantwell!
You, Harry Reid and other Sen Dems responsible for nuclear option trigger for scotus noms going forward.
@FuseWA Thank you.
Thank you Sen. Cantwell!
Thank you for saying no to him. #StopGorsuch
Thank you for standing up!
Thank you!! 98513
Bravo on your stand against Gorsuch!
predictable response, nicely partisan. Way to stick it to the Repubs.
Thank you!!!! Thank you, so much Senator Cantwell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you!!  I just mailed you a postcard today about that very topic.
Thank You, Senator Cantwell.
Thank you!
Thank you!
You are total partisan hack! He was approved for the appeals court by Senators from both parties including you! He will be on the SCOTUS.
 TY, Sen. Cantwell!
Thank you, Senator Cantwell! Keep fighting for us and we'll fight for you.
THANK YOU!
It brings ?'S as 2 why any serious judge dedicated 2 Justice in USA wld accept the nom considering the?'s about the Pres & treason! Thank u!
Thank you Senator Cantwell
great call!
Thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator. #StolenSeat
YES!!!!! Well done, Senator Cantwell. As a supporter and constituent I stand with you #StopGorsuch
THANK YOU!!!!
Pandering to base, politics, not about business you were sent to the Senate to do. Voted for him 10 yrs ago, wrong then? You're wrong now,
Thank you, Sen Cantwell.

Thank you! Also thank you for including Chevron vs. NRDC in your statement 
THANK YOU!
Mantra thanks Maria!
YES! THANK YOU!!!!! I hated seeing you on the "undecided" list!
So his lack of willingness to legislate from the bench (outside the constitutional scope of the court) troubles you?
good! Thank you for doing your job! Thank you for representing me!
#Garland is more able than #Gorsuch to fulfill the task of #SCOTUS,partisan bias from #Trump's admin is a lose-lose situation for #Americans
thank you!
Thank you, Senator Cantwell!!!
Because Sen Schumer says you can't.
THANK YOU!!!!!!!
Thank you!!
Thank you! #Yourock
BRAVO!
