Yes, but they are a big portion of his base, lol.  I think he was trying to remain neutral & not get sucked into taking sides. Bad choice.
When will U denounce the hate groups such as black lives matter and antifa? Can't have it both ways maria
what are you talking about that exactly what Trump said read your tweet did you misspeak
Your a back stapper and a disgrace to the american political world.
Oh shut up! How many times/ways can he say it! Liberals live to keep the division alive! Go away!
#Trump has made bigotry the standard practice of the #WH on all policies domestic & international. #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #ITMFA
How's that echo chamber working out for ya
Wut an Assewipe u r
Your reluctance to see that BLM and Antifa are as bad and racism is wrong no matter what race is targeted troubles me
Criticizes Trump for "not fully condemning hate groups."

Proceeds to back the Antifa.
What a bunch of liars you are
President Trump's hate, bigotry & racism are deeply alarming to me and to millions of Americans, Senator.
But to millions of us "others" we don't see it. In fact we see someone better than we had. If we can keep him off Twitter. Naturally
Where were you when he condemned it?  I saw him do it.  Sounds like you are playing "the card"
BTW this is what Obama left us his Legacy entitlement Americans thinking America owes them a living. Hate is in all colors. YES BOTH WAYS
It's easy to see why countries hate Americans. Bitching complaining obnoxious people feeling entitled Who don't appreciate America. SAD
https://www.facebook.com/JusticeforAaronRocha/ …
...and you're a senator?!? Change the channel to something other than the Cartoon Network. #doobiesenator #highlife
It's the basis of the R. party, sad to say. Look at how they vote, in general.
This is terrifying 
Remember "the south will rise again" this
I was about to ask you about this last time i saw ya. Isnt there anytthing we can do about him?
Y get rid of him. All this ugliness he's got ppl bringing out lets us know where the trash is that needs to be cleaned up.
Time to acknowledge there is more than ample hate, bigotry and racism on the left.
Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye.
Why doesn't congress pass real laws? It's your job. This is just smoke and mirrors - do your job and let. Mr. Trump do his
Those guys in the masks are NOT one of those protesting. They are their own bratty crew. I protest peacefully on the left.
No maria just U hypocrite DEMs. He's  done it so get over yourself.
We're way past reluctance....
But hardly surprising. Hate is what he ran on and what won him the WH. Hate is what the Republicans now stand for.
@PPact @GlennThrush #margaretsanger
Very disingenuous statement.  P45 condemned ALL hate groups. Congress passed resolution to condemn hate groups...NOT to put P45 on the spot.
Did he sign yet?
Your reluctance to support Medicare for all is disappointing. Please add your name to the list of supporters.
He can sign anything Congress places in front of him, he's still a white supremacist.
You are so behind on the dem's playbook and script. The rest of the group is on the page blaming @POTUS for the hurricanes.
When you have nothing of substance, no fact based data, go to your old standby--racism & ID politics. Another pathetic waste of space in Sen
How many times does he have to speak against it? All racism is wrong, no matter the reason.
I don't see you lying in street condemning hate and bigotry & racism. Get real do your job, leave your BS @ home. U insult me.
Still playing into our hands ... Bannon check mate .... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mFbsImQy7Ek …
thank you, congress. stay strong, stay together, travel the middle way, denounce extremists/empower logic, empathy and compassion/god bless
Well...you and your party promote hate, bigotry and racism...but yet believe that is fine.
Are you sleeping on the job? I have heard him condemn hate, bigotry and racism over and over and over again! Stop the lies in your tweets!
Go hug a tree u crazy Lib
So was Obama's to us but you sat by and said nothing. What of all those police officers, where were you when Obama did nothing?
Everything #JemeleHill said was true makes them uncomfortable bringing it up
He is part of it , only a fool could not see That.
Your failure to condemn hate groups like BLM and antifa as such bothers me too...Just because they are liberals, they get a free pass?...
"White people are superior"
"No they're not"

HATE ON BOTH SIDES
The Democratic Party has become a party of race baiters who continue to divide this country and cash in on the Race Hate Industry#UnAmerican
BS Propaganda were you disturbed when your party refused to call radical Muslim what they are?
When are you going to sign it .@realDonaldTrump? We all know you are a racist and your hesitance & refusal will prove it to all the world.
The only hate and bigotry I have seen comes from riots fueled by the Democrats. Democrats supported the KKK and slavery not Republicans.
I've heard several speeches @POTUS has publicly denounced by name the groups your referring to and other hate groups you favor ie antifa.
Congress has time for this race baiting?  No worry. Congress will change more at mid term. @HouseGOP @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP
Dishonest to the core Maria, this is a blatant lie, just like the Russian crap and all the rest of your liberal #resist dimwit accusations.
But they are his base, he loves the uneducated deplorables 
Is antifa and black lives matter groups in this order also?
I am more upset that he won't call out Islamic terrorism for what it is
seems like a waste of everyone's time forcing the potus to condemn nazis. Not sure it would have any meaning now
But if he won't, it speaks volumes.
agreed. Just seems empty 
How about his denial of health care to millions. #MedicareForAll !
The Senates reluctance to pass meaningful legislation for the people is deeply alarming and troubling to me and to millions of Americans.
Stop spreading Trump phobia he has condemned it far more times than you people have condemned antifa
You can't MAKE Trump denounce what he believes in. The time and $$$ spent on this is ridiculous. DO something to stop it! ACT!!!

Where have you been?  He has from ALL sides!!
Because he hasn't invited them to The White House yet?
"We condemn..this egregious display of hatred, bigotry & violence..no matter the color of our skin..we r all made by the same almighty God"
Where the he'll have u been Senator??He has several times at news conference and rallies and printed statements.U just don't want to hear it
Because you all are either liars or don't listen. Which one is it? He has condemned hate on numerous occasions. Get to work Senator!
Wasn't deep enough n this country 2 prevent a neo-nazi/white nationalist from becoming USA fake president
I'm horrified by Sen. Cantwell's support of anti- BDS legislation!
I for one would like to see more action than just words. Condemning smth doesn't do much.
Congress & the Senate came together2 pass this Trump won't sign it because these r the people who put him in office he's bigot and a racist
You must hate Trumps actions do you? You hate Trumps bigotry because you are telling him how he should do his job? You loved Obama not Trump
He speaks against "radical" Islam but not the American version.  Radicals are dangerous.  Not denouncing just feeds the beast
Yes, should condemn racist hate groups: KKK, Antifa, BLM- all groups expousing hate and/or primary focus on race over anything else. Agreed!
Back to the race card Sen.? It's not working.history speaks loudly of Demacratic Party's involvement, including slavery.
Yes and anyone who knows a damn thing about history knows the parties have now switched places so please stop with this inaccurate BS
The brain washing on the left is incomprehensible.is that why you r destroying history.?
I can't believe you waste time on this  nonsense! Work on immigration reform, tax reform, and health care!!!!
Trump is mentally incapable of condemning bigots haters & racists these R his fam mbrs, supptrs & biz partners.
Not to me. He is the hate Peddler in Chief. He capitalizes on it. To him he's "winning".Whats surprising about that? Accept it.
Are you brain dead? Better youtube it!
And your reluctance to speak a truthful word about Pres Trump is alarming to millions of Americans - your slanderous words are despicable
PLEASE STOP.  Pls focus on what the People need done...Hurricane damage packages, tax reform, infrastructure....pls stp this cr-p.I BEG YOU
His family brand is now RACISM and we need to keep reminding him of this!!!!!!
He is a criminal
Trumps remarks show a deep seated bigotry and sympathy for white supremacists which is a total rejection of American values.
But are you really surprised?
Liar. He condemned it! We will remember youre lies at the ballot box. #mariacantwell
Hey, Maria, how much did you donate to #edmurray 's mayoral campaigns??  I guess that pedophilia is a form of virtue signalling,right?
Have you ever denounce #Antifa
#SuperPredators. Atleast he doesn't advocate hate, bigotry, and racism.
Share their pictures...
How could he?  He documented dislike minorities and disabled during campaign.  Hate groups were a lot of his voters.
Slap FIOTUS's racist hand.  Nice to see him pull the Birther BS out of his coroporate profile.  Think he will hold this up after signing?
Oh but he tried, nearly choked and made a big effort to let his band know he supported them. Obviously stated.
You are a liar! Trump has disavowed many times. You are using this in an Alinsky-style tactic to smear our President
Have you condemned Antifa?  Show your leadership and do so!
You should of watched @foxnewsalert cuz I saw @potus on there condemning all hate, bigotry,  and racism.. guess you watched @cnn
Why aren't you supporting medicare for all? Trumps bad, wow, we know. What is preventing YOU from doing the right thing?
This is exactly why Dems are gonna lose a lot more seats next year. Your constituents are fed up with this ridiculous crap. DO YOUR JOB!!
We already know he's a bigot, a racist and a white supremacist.  We're way past 'deeply alarming'. The resolution is mawkish.
Ummm....he did. Several times. Enough with the hate. Go get some legislation passed.

We all know where his loyalty lies - KKK, white supremacists, and Nazis!!!  It is very scary!!
Well then you don't know squat. He condemned them all several times. The Dems have you brainwashed.
Your reluctance to condemn the hate and violence perpetrated by ANTIFA is deeply disturbing to me an millions of Americans.
Democrats now support 2 hate groups ANTIFA and BLM!! What party has decided to rip down statues?? Denial much??
Anti fascists? Black lives matter? Groups whose goal is no fascists or racists? This bothers you? Sit down.
Misguided fool...
who? Chuck Woolery? I'm not scared of you kimchee. Fancy!
You mean fascists. Two years before the fascists showed up. Prescient, to my way of thinking. I thank them.
You are so counting on that to hold up. It never works out. Worse than a dream, an end in the beginning.
You Democrats are the biggest hypocrites... Do you think we not see what's been really going on? You are a member of the party of hate!
This is a lie.
You must have missed the part when he condemned hate, bigotry and racism.
"Reluctance to condem"?  No, Trump/Pence are the leaders of American racist authoritarianism. The leaders.
Democratic party owns the racism,bigotry of this country,it's part of there history which they trade chains & whips to government handouts
What a waste of time, energy & space the career politicians are proving to be. Congress' inability TO DO ANYTHING is ALARMING TO THE PEOPLE
Thank you Senator Cantwell. You stand for many, including Veterans. This I know from experience... very personal experience. 
Here. Suck on this:
Not alarming to me,it's a well known fact rich white fat guys don't like anybody that is not a rich white fat old guy
Regardless how many times he denounces any group it will never be quick enough, speech wasn't long enough, will you denounce Antifa ?
As soon as we get rid of fa.
You are delusional.
"Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and...
...other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,"

-Donald J Trump
Can't get any higher condemnation than that. But...narrative.
Ya think?
See we can all work for the good of the country
45 is on a mission 2 whiten America 2 wipe out ALL ppl of color African Americans Hispanics Asians
Wow!!!
Oh please, he could have had a press release in the next hour and this tweet would still exist.  Trying to link Trump to nazi doesn't work.
Every person that stands for American values shouldn't be here America stands for the best not the worse of human behavior
Wakey wakey. Redpill for you. He has in the past and present.

Massachusetts Democrats you BETTER FREAKING be calling KKK WHITE supremacist FIRST lady
SUPPORT Medicare For All!!!
Great job! Waste time on symbolic gesture instead of standing up to him on issues that matter.

Pat yourself on the back some more, Senator.

Hi.  I see that you appear to be a non American. In America we have rule of law. You actually have to commit a crime to go to jail.
Thanks for your interest in America. Please come again.
He won't condemn what he truly believes in.

Not to mention his reluctance to release his tax returns.  The man is a liar, a fraud, and a tax cheat.
