thank you for fighting for American values.  Wishing you courage and support in the times ahead
thank you! This is why I'm glad you're my senator #NoBanNoWall
The E.O. is harsh. We should realistically begin to protect American interests. 911 is a product of American liberalism.
will you vote to overturn the executive order banning immigrants from Muslim countries? #NoBanNoWall
What will you do to turn the tide? Promoting the smooth operation of a democratic government has not worked. Time to say NO
Good sart. NOW vote against inept cabinet nominees and work actively on getting prez to follow constitution or to get out!
Thank you for speaking out. We need to keep it going.
Thank you @SenatorCantwell for standing up on rights of immigrants, refugees.
can we be assured that the port of Seattle police will only serve to protect protesters at any future #NoBanNoWall protest?
So -what- are you going to -do- about it?
what about VALUES?? You have some nerve! #HonorYourOath
You can't just give lip service to this if u expect to be keep your job.  You have to get active and actually do something!
Actually do something! Fight back & represent us. Your primary is in 2018. If you won't fight, we'll primary you
be sure to oppose Sessions.
There will no longer be core American values when you permit unrestrained immigration of unknown characters.
As a Christian I can not understand how he can represent the Republican Party! Please stand up against him with true values
protection of Americans against terrorists takes priority.  How many must die before we stop playing the victim
what are you doing about it?
@MayorEdMurray  Obama did this 6 times in 8 yrs to Muslims nations only-Trump to all nations with possible Terro ties.
@TomSteyer
So what are you going to do about it?  I'm in your district and am paying VERY CLOSE ATTENTION.  You need to get busy.
Thank you for speaking up; we need you to take/support action!
We need you to fight against every thing 45 does to try to destroy our country including voting against all his nominees
So does a radical terrorist group  killing  Americans effect this country or does anyone even care
He's defying court order. Impeach.
So what's your plan to do something about it?
please make sure there are people on senate
 floor to block everything. We need you to not make this easy for them.
I protest a congress that has done nothing on immigration reform for decades. #ShameOnCongress #immigrationreform
thank you senator
Thank you for speaking up. Now what's your plan of action?
Thank you Senator. Plz continue fight in confirmation hearings.
Amen!
Please initiate impeachment. Trump has already violated his oath of office. Do it while you still can.
what are steps we can do to convince the @GOP to work with the @TheDemocrats? And, vice a versa.
, thank you! The people of Washington state and the world are watching how we respond. No place for hate
we all agree and are waiting to see/hear what you and your colleagues in political position plan to do next. #TakeAction
so what are you going to do about it!
@MayorEdMurray Thank you for your support.  Please do everything you can to block the toxic authoritarianism of Trump!
what are you going to do about it???  Filibuster everything until overturned?  You need to represent us more strongly!!
Thank you. I urge you to keep up the pressure and opposition to #MuslimBan and #immigrationban
#POTUSisMentallyILL
thank you Maria, now form a plan and act effectively, block nominations, investigate ties, win senate, impeach
.@SenatorCantwell
Will you be at Westlake 
tonight?  DC?  We need leaders to show up and lead. #Constitutionalcrisis
Well Yeah! I'm very discriminatory against anyone who wants to kill westerners.
.@SenatorCantwell @MayorEdMurray now time for us to see you in action!
Are democrats going to stand united against every proposal/bill/legislative move till this gets fixed? #dosomething
thank you.  Now what will you do?  Executive branch ignoring judicial orders!
Action needed now!  What are you going to do?  DHS/CBP are defying the stay.
Thank you   How can we help?
please no unanimous consent on anything any more. Slow-walk ALL nominations and legislation. It's Trump vs. US democracy.
thanks for speaking out. It's time for Washington state reps to unite. Invite @HerreraBeutler speak up too!
Bannon is the force behind ALL of this. Must be removed from NSC!
IMPEACH him! Why don't you all do something and soon!
DO SOMETHING
Its time to impeach Mr. Trump for violating US Law for overstepping his authority, being in violation of court orders.
This includes his entire administration. Democrats need to stand up for the majority in this country NOW!
Hold up all the nominations until Bannon is out.
you have spoken, now, #ACTION
Bottom line; encourage CBP to ignore this exec order from POTUS because it is unlawful
No on Sessions
UCMJ  Section 16c(1)(c):  Lawfulness. A general order or regulation is lawful unless it is  contrary to the Constitution
You must know that your "branding" by defining classes and declaring discrimination is seen as typical Partisan we vote out
Thank you for speaking up! We have work yet to do. #NoBanNoWall #nomuslimban #Resistance
Thank you for voicing this in stronger terms. As a constituent I expect you to fight this minority administration every day
Thank you for hearing the majority of us who agree! Looking forward to and trusting in your representation from here.
thanks for speaking up. Now some action? #withholdconsent
A clear distraction while he sneaks Bannon into the NSC. One week is one week too many. Time to impeach before more damage!
And, now you fall back on race and discrimination(typical). NOT RACE, Safety & representation of ALL. Like we who live here
against carrying out orders that  are unlawful.
CBP officers should be aware that the Nuremberg defense, "just following  orders", is not always a valid defense
so where were you when obama did it in 2011? Oh ya! Thats right it was ok then... hipocrate
THIS is who WE are. NOT Trump`s America. Remember THIS poem!
Thank you for speaking up and fighting this!
She's speaking but I don't see a lot of fighting yet! #impeachTrumpnow
