Obamacare is such a flawed program. It should probably be voted out and start over. Putting another band aid on it will cause more problems.
Maria, the socialism of our medical doesn't work. All the feel good laws you may want to pass won't change that fact. Someone has to pay.
coverage, not access, please.
Working across the isle? Like BO did when he shoved ACA down our throats without a single R vote? “ keep your doctor @ plan lies! #repealACA
“We’ll have to wait to pass it to see what’s in it”- @NancyPelosi - pure , corrupt power and corruption that what! #repealACA
More BO lies- We were promised an annual $2500 dollar credit when all we got was higher premiums! More lies. Power and corruption!
Lots of Republican amendments to the ACA. You’ve been misinformed. Research what @marcorubio did to undermine and raise your premiums.
I swear every single death should be a murder charge against 45, Congress, and GOP party.  Take their money, homes, cars, land and business
Umm why didn’t you do that before you passed the ACA?  And why is it so urgently needed if the ACA was what it was sold to be?
Seems like the obvious, humane, kind, moral ideas do not exist for this Admin.  Keep speaking out! Keep fighting!
Thoughtfully he could achieve that outcome
If every day people would of been allowed to comment in the making of Obamacare instead of Max Baucus calling them out of order, healthcare for all would be so good that nobody would dare to attack it.
That's exactly what he's doing. Capitalism, free market...the more HI companies the more competition to drive down costs. Still confused?
Fat chance with the national joke in office!
#SinglePayer , #MedicareForAll
Hi
Save us GOP lite talking points about "access" & "driving down costs" with HALF MEASURES. A MAJORITY of #WeThePeople want #MedicareForAll!
Single payer join Bernie
Medicare for all! Who do you work for?
Well no shit. Get him and his cronies ousted so the DEMS can take care of business.
He's not a real president so he isn't going to do real work.
You approve of Obama’s illegal subsidy payments? You ok that he usurped Congress to do so?
She would need to have a rudimentary knowledge of Civics...Makes it obvious who actually isn't qualified for their job... #TermLimits
Drive down cost by increasing competition, basic economics
No one ever said @SenatorCantwell knew basic economics... #TermLimits #BalancedBudget
Trump has only one agenda--to dismantle every single thing Obama did during his terms. It makes no sense, but neither does @realDonaldTrump
Accusing the other side of exactly what your failed ACA did!! That’s an old Soviet trick used by Stalin
Not while he can still blame hillary and Obama.
They caused the problems
Like you did? Costs tripled
Does the country have a long-term economic plan to address the challenges we already know we will continue to face?
That can’t be done cuz y’all don’t want to do your damn jobs. Y’all deserve to be fired and replaced with people who want to work 4 us
He is cutting costs by allowing greater access to health insurance 
He can't reach across the aisle. Nobody else is on our side!
#America
Why should we listen to anything you have to say? Your party for us in this mess!! Your former leader said we could keep it plans but turns out that was a lie. Come back when you stop lying.
You won’t even have a plan when Trump is finished
Hopefully. Government should not have a health care plan. How can they possibly know what works for every person in the country. We’re grown ups. We can handle it. Can’t you?  Veterans get a ‘golden ticket’ to go anywhere they want. Watch innovation and price reductions.
Either universal healthcare as a right or shut the hell up. You are a dem and dems are cowards. Oh wait no you are paid off too. No votes 4u
@SenatorCantwell ! The Constitution does not mention Healthcare as a Right, why do keep pushing this issue !
Only people happy about their insurance on this thread are the ones getting all the freebies. Lazy slackers, go get jobs like the rest of us
That’s what he’s doing. Confused.
Isn't that the job of the Congress and Senate? Blame game on both sides and "WE THE PEOPLE SUFFER"....
You really should pay attention. Trump has been telling us for nearly two years that the ACA is going away.
Don’t help him now! Let the people see who he is
No one care when obamacare cost many they're insurance and many have had to go without prescriptions.
How come you have not assisted in learning about the Fannie Mae theft to subsidize O-care since 2012. We 127,000 retire have no retirement.
The F. M.  funds for O-care since inception have exceeded 80 Billion dollars. Over 127,000 retirees of Fannie Mae have not received a dime.
With respect, the document President Trump signed Thur. October 12, effecting O-Care subsidee was being funded by taking $ from Fannie Mae.
What you keep forgetting this man in white house has no idea of what he is doing and won't listen to those who do. Best of luck to you
It's apparent the former administration didn't
Know what they were doing.   Or did they
Seriously? for 7+ years Obamacare destroyed economy, job markets, every Americans budget paying for healthcare they can't use!
REPEAL IT
All I see is someone that has done nothing but obstruct a sitting government. You’re a liar and traitor to the country. History will show.
#Trump has a total disconnect from reality.  Unless it can give him some type of financial advantage, any request will be ignored by the .
You got to be kidding? Right?
Instead of buying off insurance providers the left should work with the people trying to come up with solutions....the repubs
You took away my family’s health insurance the day you voted for the ACA. Enjoy your time in the political wilderness. You earned it.
@POTUS has already shown us what he is doing....now YOU need to gather your GOP friends and DO YOUR JOB!
It's genocide of poor people.
#TermLimits
But then it might work! He is killing America,  literally.
I'm sorry but that "isle" goes both ways(in case u didn't know) . It's called bipartisan COOPERATION.Stop w/meaningless words. #DoYourJob.
MS MD autism etc not covered in obamacare. My son's autism meds are over $2,000 mth
Driving down costs increases access. This is done through free market. Not socialized health care.
That's what he's doing. Did you skip class today?
We all know what he should be doing and isn’t the question is what are the democrats doing to support house candidates next year!
He should work on his resignation speech.
#WTF How many did the ACA kick off existing policies? You're using junk numbers in all your reports.
You dems want uni socialist medicine 
That'll drive down cost! 
It'll also make the local cashier at 7/11 double as your anistesiologist
He is helping drive down costs. You would know that if you weren’t living it up on everything WE PAY FOR! You deserve what we’ve all endured
No. The govt should never have been in the healthcare business in the first place!
You're full of it. The Democrats ripped healthcare away from hard working Americans so the poor could have free care
Poor already had Medicaid. So ACA was ONLY an act to intentionally harm  working people, further destroy middle Americans.
I believe removing state line boundaries does just that praise for @realDonaldTrump
Well maybe u should get off ur ass and do something besides obstruct! How about we take ur subsidies away from u!
Maybe you and @PattyMurray should stop taking campaign donations from Big Pharma!
That would be Medicare for ALL - get on board or get voted out of your seat in 2018.
You should be working to help people on Medicare coverage for insulin. Medicare Part D RX are 10 Times $$$$$$$$$$
That would require work. Trump could care less,has no problem watching people suffer. Look at Puerto Rico, GOP goes along to get along. SAD
after the DEMS and o passed a faulty h care LAW.
. Suuuuuuure. Tell us more while you import a new electorate to ensure your power while passing the debt to American children.
Your plan had this built in premise was that by now everyone would have primary and less need for emergency. U voted for it !!!
You can’t be serious.The Senate is http://hopeless.You ’re all playing mind games like 10 yr olds. We desperately need #termlimits
Ending arguably illegal, taxpayer funded subsides to ins companies is not "cutting ppl off".
Quit telling lies, Senator!
Sexually active adults can but their own birth control. That is not "cutting ppl off".
Enabling interstate competition for insurance is quite the opposite of "cutting ppl off".
Get real.
Kinda sounds like you want single payer, medicare for all 
If you said "We messed up big time with Obamacare. It's time we work with the President to fix the situation," we may gain respect for you.
COMPETITION helps drive prices down.  Good God woman, DO YOU HAVE A BRAIN?
What a minute?!?!   Is this woman a senator?  Wth are YOU DOING????  PASSING BLAME?  Why don’t YOU do something instead of waste our 
YOU cut people off that's why, washington ONLY has one insurance under obamacare, that's your fault.
Why didn’t you do that in 2009/10 when the dems controlled Congress??
Only republicans are expected to work across the aisle. Only dems are allowed the principled stands.
Well SENATOR have u scheduled an appointment with him and gotter done for GOD? ALL TALK AN NO ACTION IS bad fire water
Just like you should be on the right side of history and be supporting single payer healthcare coverage now, Senator.
Required reading: “The Big Lie”.
wow
wow
Wasn’t that what ACA was supposed to do?
U had your chance, you gave us Obama care. Now we are coming up with something that will be fair & equitable. Key word FAIR!
He doesn't care. Bottom line!
Duh
We just need to be cutting out this malignant president! He is slowly killing us all!
You must be joking, you a progressive work with my President, never.
Hmmm; are you really thinking about whats going on or are you being groomed to be a heavy hitting player in politics?
We don't just want access we want #MedicareForAll
Says a corrupt Dem who is the pocket of opiate distributors. Its time to end corrupt subsidies to price gouging ins companies. #publicoption
Sorry but are you still thinking Trump has a rational mind?
Enact Medicare for All.
Madman in the White House. #DutyToWarn
Such a hypocrite! And you senator voted for the ACA that drove up costs and made access tougher
and all of his cabinet should be doing their jobs....but not what's happening...
He's not going to do that because he' not a politician, he not even a businessman, but nothing more than a con-man looking for new suckers.
That's precisely what he's doing. Perhaps you haven't been paying attention
Tough to fathom an elected representative that seeks to harm his constituents for no other reason than, well... What exactly is his reason?
Spite
He’s just too out of touch, evil & greedy to be worried about those important details.
What about the 522,000 uninsured people in Washington? When are you going to help them? #MedicareForAllNow
