That's because neither one of you has ever owned a business and are completely clueless as to the dynamics involved - you only pander
Sanders comes up with Millions of dead people there be lots of extra jobs, food and houses. Just waiting for them to drop dead with no INS
Just another way you are forcing companies overseas. Companies paying alot of money have to charge alot of money.
That's really great, but nothing matters anymore if we are already dead.  Trump has doomed the planet.  What's the point in doing anything?
Dear Senators. If @SenSanders really wants to help the Dem party, have him message BernieBros to get off their asses & go register Dems in
red states and red districts. Give them something to do, something to focus on, a goal to achieve. As it stands most of 'em just sit around
bitching about how Sanders was robbed by DNC/HRC & are FAR more focused on tearing down & destroying the Dem party, than building it up.
I am NOT kidding about this. Their persistent vitriol & hypercriticism of Dems is worse than many RWNJs. They support @SenSanders so it's
incumbent on him to step up, get them to focus on the future and take positive action, rather than permanently stew about the past.Thank you
http://www.theolympian.com/opinion/opn-columns-blogs/article153402064.html …
raising the min.wage will put small business people out of business, people will lose jobs, employers will cut back on employees, dumb!
Translation:  Let's keep African Americans in their place.
Min wage would destroy small businesses, just like it's done in Seattle, Portland.
Why do you hate small businesses?
I wonder. By 2024, inflation may catch up to this wage increase. Then what?
It be amazing if thousands of school kids stood in Washington DC & demanded @BetsyDeVos explain to them why she is cutting education by $6b
Knowing thousands more will be unemployed,just like under Obama. Liberals looking for more dependants/voters. Try being for America.
Thank you for working with Bernie

Justice for Seth Rich .This is the petition link if you haven't signed yet please retweet https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/868619692067479552 …
Why can't increase in minimum wage be tied to each time congress gets a raise?
They raise minimum wage and everyone else raises everything else as well… thanks for making things even more expensive for me!
Thank you! As someone going into AI you guys are really providing me with job security. Now to automate all those minimum wage jobs.
you are aware, I assume, that the "social justice activist" asking for this wage is an SEIU employee making $146K per year . . .
Buying votes for a few dollars an hour shame on you 
Yeah grate, ruin america even more.
Who told an incompetent government to meddle in private business affairs?  If you want to pay any particular wage, start a private business.
So you're proud to be creating a bill that will ruin this country? Take an economics class and learn why this is not good.
Thank you! Long time coming!
I'm 100% behind u. Paying people a living wage will create jobs. More money = more spending. It's basic math. @cathymcmorris can't add it up
You and Bernie need to go to college and study economics, truly
Thank you for your leadership and common sense. Taking care of American workers begins with fair pay. Pls continue to pressure  Republicans!
Which could kick them right off welfare. Did you bother to check?
Raise wage, raise prices, lay off workers, consumer pays for it, what have you accomplished with driving prices up?
Either you know nothing about economic reality or you don't care how disasterous this would be for most of America.
I love how they are doing all this stuff NOW. Now that they know they can't pass any of this stuff.When in majority they balked
MinWage15/hr by 2024a joke
8yrs, 15'll B⚌to?
@DNC using as platform now,means nada!
Murray and Cantrell are awful.   Raise the minimum wage, stop the corruption in our government, use our taxes for healthcare and college
And seriously tho. The only thing minimum wage increases benefit is tax revenue to the govt. That's it. But #bernout won't tell you that.
Why only $15/hr? Make it $500hr so we can all be as rich as lawyers and politicians. That will solve all our problems
Thank you!
How much will skilled labor earn per hour once the new minimum wage goes into effect?
Thank you!
Apparently you can't or won't read the stories from SF about restaurants closing because of stupidity like this. Take a business class
Wow! Finally I can say I am proud of my Senators. Thank you.
I sure hope you @PattyMurray and @SenatorCantwell plan on paying the minimum wage out of your own pockets and not ours.
Time to take remedial economics unless your intent is to replace min wage jobs with automation. You are intentionally hurting young adults!
I'll be dead by the time u guys get around to raising it
Why u taking so long?
You're proud to be ignorant to the negative economic effects?  That's really sad. Even the CBO thinks it is a stupid idea.
That is stupid do you realize if you do that you are shitting down businesses as they cannot afford to pay that.  Then your cost goes up!
Imagine how proud you both could have been if you'd supported him in the primary and he was elected instead of Trump!
Thank you!  A single person,  much less a single parent,  cannot even begin to survive on our minimum wage.  FDR wanted a #LivingWage w/FMW
Proud that you represent us.
Coming to a federal building near you, the kiosk. Live it, love it.
You do whatever you need to do in your world, because you don't  represent me on the East side at all
Why wait until 2024?  Raise the minimum wage to $15/hr NOW!
Who gives a shit? SINGLE PAYER UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE NOW!
will put many small businesses out of business!
How about a guaranteed basic income instead.
Thank You!
USE BERNIE'S TIMETABLE FOR $15 HR DOWN THE ROAD.???
Gigh level Dems in panic mode after they got their hopes up in Montana after incident and still lost
Hooray for you all. Hang in there.
Most liberal senators need to take an economics course and quite being so stupid
By then, it still won't be a living wage.
No! I am not in favor of increasing the minimum wage at this time to further put more jobs in jeopardy.
So, that's the only idea that Democrats could come up with is to increase minum wage? How about re-training for better jobs?
No wonder our deficit is so high. You don't care about balancing the budget; just raise minimum wage to put more businesses out of business.
Big kudos. Thank you for showing important leadership
Bernie what do you know about working at all you didn't have a job till you were 40 you're a joke!
Company A can support 20 workers @ 7.75 hr, @ 15. hr how many  can company A support?  Come on even you Common Core folks can figure it out.
Terrible idea that just pulls the middle class down closer to the bottom when inflation hits! How about letting us get Rx from Canada?
Dems got their hopes up in Montana after incident and still lost Dems are extremely weak fragmented special interest not national interest
Govt has no place setting wages in the private sector!
We should have a min wage and it should adjust. But $15 is too high for Fed level. Fed amt should be bare min with towns adj'ing if desired.
By 2024, with inflation? You SUCK @PattyMurray! Don't false flag sanders. You didn't support him in the primary, and I don't support you now
Stop. You are going to put us out of work.
Yep, between you Patty and Beannie you just might get a socialist government. Glad to know you 3 are so closely aligned. @FoxNews
Bernie would have won
Translation:  Marie Cantwell hates high rates of employment.
And get a new doo.  The page boy look went out in uhhhh about the time sir Lancelot died
I bet you are proud of that worthless bill.  It will just cause more people to lose their jobs you idiot
Then U might as well put a big old "going out of business sale" on small businesses that can't afford to pay their employees or prices soar
We're you as proud to vote for big Pharma ? Gotta keep that big Pharma money flowing don't ya ? You lost me it's over #nounity #draftbernie
Thank you. A person working one full time job should be able to support themself!
A person looking to support oneself should not settle for minimum wage.
so people who refuse to go to school can get paid almost as much as those of us who busted our asses studying. Makes total sense  morons
Little more money in peoples pocket, increases people's capacity to work better, then they do not have  to worry how to pay bills
In 4 or 5 years really how about now can the Gov subsidise until then they have the money right. Just kidding my comrades
Be ready for disappointment
You socialist are crazy. You will bring the American Econ to its knees, oh I forgot you don't care.

Why not $481/hr? All full time employees would earn $1,000,000/year. Why are you being greedy? Why not $481/hr?
Ha, do it and see what happens. Businesses will find a cheaper alternative to low skilled workers. Watch unemployment rise #libtard
Pay attention to FAST Food & Other Businesses are REPLACING People with Kiosk / Robots are Cheaper# Bottom Line Cost Matters.. Get Educated
Exactly. If you raise minimum raise then companies like McDonald's will decide workers are too expensive and just replace them with kiosks.
Ok, there's the 3 Stooges....#Kooks
That amounts to $31,200/yr. Now someone ask Trump if he could raise a family on that amount.
Are you gonna pay for my $15 hamburgers Bernie you are hurting the poor that eat at McDonalds
if you're a money loving Republican this is good. You have to actually think.
What a remarkably terrible piece of legislation.
As a small cleaning business owner I can scarcely pay the minimum now Everything will cost more if #minimumwage is raised same issue as now
If someone works for you 40 hours a week and they still can't make rent every month how is that fair
Never said it was fair. I can't make ends meet either. Part time only in my business
American LOVES you all!  Fight!!!!!
Please convince others to do the same. People can't live out here on anything less than that. Its hard enough.
quantity of social benefits are just enough for citizens with only a few extra for illegals/refugee.dnc go past limit=medical screw citizen
You would "think" a U.S. Senator would understand Economics 101. Guess not.
Rock & a Hard Place! You have 2 Choices #Prosecute Obama Admin or Allow Trump same powers! #MAGA
in ca/nyc spoiled 300k salary brown/sanjose police make no self sacrifice when bribing illegals/public union with huge benefits  onesided
Just think how proud you'll be of #Medicare4All #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer. P.S. Stop taking #BigPharma $ Thank YOU Bernie! #StillSanders
Good luck, the GOP will never vote for something that helps the poor. As Hillary said today, GOP budget is the cruelest in history
This would hurt the poor the most. Businesses would close & many would lose their jobs. What two do now, one would if passed. States not =
has it occur to anyone that trump tax reform is to lower high cost of operating/living in usa so cost of maintain social benefits be cheaper
By 2024, shouldn't the minimum wage be $25?
proillegals help globalists cheap outsource be richer while screw middle class.highoperating/healthcare/maintenance cost of social benefit
I applaud you! Now please amend the bill to henceforth tie the minimum wage to the CPI, so we never have to wage this battle again.
When progressive vtrs realize Dems don't want progressives elected, it's then we'll unite against duopoly to vote 4 all 3rd party candidates
Liberal thinking isn't weakness - It is concern for others - Give them a hand up, not a continual hand-out - Help them grow stronger
Universal #basicincome and #UniveralHealthcare are basic 1st steps. The next is dismantling of #colonialism #worldwide!
It needs to be soon than that.
Dems R scared. When progressive vtrs realize Dems don't want progressive elected, then we'll unite against duopoly 2 vt 4 all 3rd party cand
This should be left to state's rights.  Washington may thrive on 11/hr, doesn't mean EVERYWHERE can.
Good luck.  The majority of people have been taught that this causes inflation and thus hardship to non min wagers. Hard to overcome that.
Why stop at $15?  Why not $20 or $25?  We'd be even better off, no?  Heck! This will solve Africa's poverty, too!!
Because $15/hr is the equivalent of what I got as a student ::coughcough:: years ago.
When you artificially raise the price of anything you decrease its demand and encourage alternatives.  Do we want to punish low the skilled?
Well, there's your problem – you see this as an artificial raise, rather than things currently being artificially low.
What intervention is keeping it artificially low??  Proof?  Wages have a natural clearing price commensurate with productivity / utility.
No, wages relate to *perceived* value/utility.  As for what's keeping it artificially low, there are several factors.
Sorry. Labor IS a commodity subject to same laws of scarcity, demand, etc.  Wishing other value to them is unicorns and rainbows.
You're taking an overly simplistic view of what goes into the factors you mention.
Of cost you would YOUR a communist/ socialist
keep up the good work!
Sad, pussifying a generation of #Americans in order to push their failed liberal agend and OH families are NOT bent to be raised on min wage
English. Do you speak it, Boris?
Get a Job Blue and stop mooching off the #American tax payer...BTW, I am a #Veteran so that Boris comment is really disrespectful!..
Cry me a river, Boris.  You are no veteran, you are not even American. 
More slander and mud slinging  try serving your country...SERVE...ask not what your country can do for u but what u can do for your country
Said the paid Russian troll Boris. 

Obvious troll is obvious.
LMAO...time to give up your divisible BS rhetoric and get a jobby job!!...We LOVE our @POTUS...#MAGA #TrumpTrain ...+8 years have fun! haha
You have 92 followers.  You're not even a good troll.  Good bye.
See, that's why you lose...and will con't to lose...but its all good...we did to YOU what Giaforte did to your candidate - QUIST...hahahaha
It will do NO good, probably more harm, if housing costs adjust and child care swoops in to take it away! Does anyone understand this?
Thank you! FInally, a person who sees the big picture and has COMMON sense...thank you...you made my weekend...
To be replaced by automation. Lol good one
