@SenateDems What is also concerning is your unending attempts to delegitimization this President. It's disgusting.
No, it's called caring for our democracy. Please keep fighting this piece of crap!
it's laughable that Dems "care for democracy", watching the attempts to delegitimization POTUS.
beyond concerning. Let's call it, say, unethical. Reprehensible, even.
Obstruct. Resist. Filibuster. Block.
@SenateDems What is concerning to Americans is you ignoring the will of the people who sent him to fix your screw ups.
It appears rules and norms no longer apply in congress.  I hope Dems have a strategy to protect us from tyranny.
oh please.   The lie is getting soooooo old.
You mean 'LIED' don't you? #LetsCallLiesLies
Democrats not realizing why they got elected. Just wasting Tax Payer money by protesting and boycotting!
@SenateDems it's wrong!
considering the crap Trump is pulling they appear to be following his lead.  Who will stop them?
"MISLED"... a NICE WORD for LIES! WHEN WILL THE GOP STAND UP FOR DEMOCRACY & AMERICANS? TRUMP IS A PSYCHOPATH.
@cnn @foxnews @MediaBuzzFNC @ABCPolitics @cbs @nbc @msnbc @TheDemocrats 
YOUR PARTY BEHAVIOR IS RIDICULOUS
Find those GOP Senators who despise liars. They can be persuaded. U can do it Maria, we believe in you!
@SenateDems You will filibuster & block this SC nom or we will find a true progressive and primary u in next election.
you guys didn't even show up to the committee meeting what are they supposed to do grow up do your job. Election day in 2 y
@SenateDems burn them a new one! Get dirty Dems! Why are you letting the GOP run all over you???
do any of you freak outs see the word "proof" in that tweet. Must have missed it.
@SenateDems and last, your silly partisan boycotts & rallies for sound bites instead of doing your jobs concerns me.
obstruct all you can, just as the Rs did for 6/8 of Obama years. Read 'Green Eggs & Ham' I hear it's @SenTedCruz favorite.
The government is just so broken. It is tragic.
Jam, you're nuts! This is why I switched sides, Dems wasting taxpayers money. Why did you vote against lower drug costs?
we do not believe anything y'all say anymore. Do you even have a clue how the outside world sees y'all .
The outside world views us as having good grammar, "y'all."
Miss led??? YES BUT THEY ACTUALLY LIED TO THE CONGRESS
Yo...thank Harry Reid a democrat that used the rules in the liberal agenda days of Obama...next...
@SenateDems Senator do you honestly believe that any of theGOP senators believe in country before party?They are a disgrace
what are you going to do?  Stop the business as usual!
Don't let them.
@SenateDems because they r all crooks,as long as they get what they want,HILL RATS must b removed #T/PEOPLE #DEMS #GOP
Not your best writing.
stop this 'nuclear' option that Trump mentioned. Unbelievable and damaging to our democracy!
Clearly it will be necessary for @SenateDems to use EVERY procedural option to resist the "ruling" party on critical issues
But not "surprising" or "unexpected."
It's extremely upsetting and shows that the majority of voters in the US have lost.
I wouldn't really say "unprecedented" - I mean they failed to do their constitutional duty with Garland, new low everyday.
haven't you figured out that they just followed the script of new reality show How to Get Away with Overthrowing a Country
The US is no longer a democracy.  It is a Plutocracy at best and a dictatorship at worst.  Not the country I grew up in.
roadblock the senate in any way you can. We can't win when they break the rules without repercussions.
Things happen when you don't show up for work. If you want input, input your seat at the table. @HouseDemocrats @POTUS
Agreed. We need to use every tool at our disposal to stop the takeover. Stay strong Senator!
@SenateDems please stop crying and work together, last I checked we are all Americans
How Many SEATS do You Think you LOST with the Obstruction soon You Will NOT have a Seat at the TABLE
@SenateDems WAAAHN WAAAHN Adults in charge now ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES We THE PEOPLE VOTED!! No more reckless spending!
seems very much like the way the ACA was passed by Dems. Oh well. Reap what you sow!
The GOP has stopped governing and are now focused on pillaging America for enrichment of the wealthy. #Resist
BAHAHA, the kettle calling the pot black. What % of Americans trust the House now?  That's right, we don't trust you at all
@SenateDems you don't like it when it's the other side, paybacks are hell, aren't they?You libs started this fight in 2013
Honestly, Dems need to find some steel - for their spines.
We had hoped for better from across the aisle. Apparently all civilized decorum is off the table. Get in there & fight.
@SenateDems   Disgusting. Not my country, please!
@SenateDems if it was the Dems doing it, the GOP would go Bat crazy.
you're right but time to dispense with timid words like "concerning"
then why weren’t Dems there to ask the questions & get answers? Choosing not to participate is tacit approval.
New Prez a Daily Liar, so fine for flunkies to Lie too. Whee.
@GOP your party's greed for power will be it's downfall see you in 2018
@SenateDems Gotta stop the GOP from removing regulations!!  This is very serious!!
@SenateDems If there was evidence and truth to the "new info" the Dems would have showed up at the hearing to address.
@SenateDems Misleading? I think you meant flat out lying.
I remember the dem jamming through the ACA. What is the difference? You didn't even know what was in the ACA.
Wow yall are really stooping low. Figure out a way to work things out. Now you know how Americans felt for 8 years
unbelievable @GOP hits lower levels unbecoming public servants WE WILL ACTION IN 2018
Seeing as the GOP only has LIES to justify their agenda, it stands to reason their picks would be LIARS also.
Concerning????? Are you kidding us???? #resist
"concerning'? God, you Dems are such lions.
#NotoSessions #NotoTillerson #NotoDEVOS
nothing has been jammed through, do you really believe we can't see what is going on? Does anyone in dems have any brains
It's a coup. Plz help us! There are millions of Americans in need of strong ethical leadership. #resistordie
Maria bring the glass Stegall bill to the senate stop messing around!
@nycsouthpaw Concerning? It is a direct assault on democracy. Sen Dems must find resolve to fight chaos w/ chaos. #resist
there will be zero consequences to your obstructionism for the next four years, so obstruct. Tell your friends.
Wrong, I know Dems who regret voting HRC watching this play out on tv. Dems will never win again!

Mine are bigger!


unreal that they are doing this. We must build our Democratic party and take back the house in 2018
it's down right terrifying, don't sugarcoat things. we the people are losing control, period.
