Maybe you should aim for real gun reform instead of a token bill that will have little to no effect on reducing gun deaths in America.
America is being a killing field for nuts job supported by the NRA. The NRA is supporting terrorism & needs to stop
Prove it.
Look at the body count. NRA is the American ISIS
Wayne Robert LaPierre, Jr. and the board of the NRA are enemies of the peace and the state. Policies support terrorists & mad men
Prove it madam...
Maureen can't prove ...
30,000 people massacred every year with no action by the NRA. If NRA members want change they need to take control of their board
We don’t need to ban the mods. Just ban the guns already. It’s insane!
And what let crime run free? Guns don't kill people people kill people
Lol crime run free? We aren't disbanding the police. Ppl kill people with manufactured death machines, guns.
You vs. the largest military on the face of the earth? Good luck. I love this ridiculous take.
Besides the smart thing to do is limit who gets the guns run mental tests on buyers no reason someone unstable should be able to buy a gun
Right gun regulation. I'm all for it.
Hmmm sounds like you are all for gun banning. Pick a side
It needs to pass, theres no need for any civilian to be able to buy such a device, just as theres no need for them to have automatic guns.
BS.  Next let's limit how much or about what you speak
You think the public should have access to automatic weapons?
Nope.  No automatics were used in Vegas
Yes it was...all it took was $50
serious question, I support responsible gun ownership but whats the reason for owning a semi-automatic?  I'm not a gun person so honest Q.
Semiautomatic weps are accurate, reliable and Convenient.  When it comes down as defined, even a revolver pistol is semi automatic...
They don't need to be used by civilians
I'm sorry, but what part of the Constitution allows you to pass such a bill?
YES!!! A step in the right direction. Thank you.
Only VOTERS can fix Congress by removing Repubs 11.6.2018.  End #GOPcancer in govt #VoteBlue every chance you get.  @DemGovs
I'm not a socialist or communist! Democrat party needs to change to a capitalist pro American party then I will vote Democrat
What are you doing about Silencers? https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/house-bill/3762 …
Hopefully nothing; suppressors are one of the few things that are completely legal in places like Australia and Britain because they're-
Literally hearing protection that your gun wears instead of you.
and as you craft your bill... HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of them are being SOLD before you can get your bill out of committee.
you need to get them off the shelves FIRST .. THEN talk about a bill banning them .. but if you take 6 months they will be bought any way
Exactly - just like they are for an OTC drug or dog food or anything else- but of course not! Let them get bought up!
i think her desire to say the words and get the political credit.. made her open her piehole before she had enough votes.. 

just dim.
You do know that it is extremely hard for most people to get ARs. You have to be police or military usually.
Ugh I'm 18...you can buy them and the m 15  serious at Cabela's dicks Bass pro or anywhere
There are plenty of illegal arms deals throughout the US. Easy to find.
How many of them have an (R) listed after their name?
Too damn many
It is not enough--pass a bill for stricter gun laws.
How about a ban on selling them right now
You do know the bumpstocks are part of Obama's legacy don't you  all other full auto mods are already illegal 

Truth hurt Daves boy?
Read the thread, Gordo.
Gordo dunnnn reaaaad
Should have 100. What is wrong with the other 62?
They are the intelligent ones
@NRA TROLL
If that doesn’t stop the massacres, nothing will
When you take guns away and criminals kill people with rocks, you would want to outlaw rocks
Can throwing rocks injure 100s of people?
Yes. I can kill 10 people with one rock.
Quit being silly. How about a car, truck, anything can be made other than a gun to kill large number of people. You just don't understand
I say to those who don't  want to protect yourself against criminals or a future oppressive government(will happen) your on your on
I have a collection of rocks and I have a truck, shouldn't I be fine by your reasoning ?
Yep.Its not the weapons its the person.
And will you PLEASE work on creating a national gun/ammo registry database so every purchase can be immediately checked for red flag purchasing. That's the only way these types of massacres can be stopped.
In this case what would have changed to? This guy was a golden boy of sorts ....  registry without due process.  You're next for ur 1A speak
He wouldn't have been able to but thousands of rounds without suspicion & follow up
CA SUPREME COURT BANS ELECTRONIC,DIGITAL,DARPA HARRASMENT!
What bill do you have out to stop murders? Oh wait, there is a law against killing already, and criminals don't give AF about it... TFOH
What are you going to do when it doesn't work, Dianne? Pass another law? Criminals will ignore that one, too.

Please don't run again. You're 84 years old. Please retire. You're successor will be more liberal and fight for same policy.
#EvacuatePuertoRico
Ma’am that’s just the tip of iceberg #ImpeachTrump before he gets us all killed
Pass it ONLY as an amendment to TAX REFORM
#jussayin
is the bill available for all to see?
We should have 100
Total waste of time.   They'll probably loose lots of seats because of this.   Which is GREAT.
Unfortunately this will not fix what happened in LV. If bump stocks are not available fully automatic weapons will still be!
Fully automatic weapons are not available. We need gun control, not misinformation...
Fully automatic are available just not legally.
Then don't compare a bump stick that I can buy from my phone to something you'd need to know "people" to acquire. Not the same.
Pass the suppressor bill for hearing protection for gun enthusiasts and we’ll call it even compromise
A milkbone from the NRA, But we'll take it.
Only 38?????? Why are there not more?????????
At least this is maybe a start! MUCH more needs to be done! Keep going!
Congratulations! Keep up the good work!
Okay good. Not enough. Keep on going for tough gun control.
WASTE OF TIME. CRIMINALS WON'T OBEY. WHEN WILL YOU GET IT? First & foremost, it is against the law to kill people...
How about addressing the real problem and the lack of treatment of mental health. Guns aren't the problem, people are the problem.
Yes. But not enough. Fight for more.
Yes. Pass this AND go for more! Thank you. #GunControlNow
U finally admit that bump stocks MIMIC automatic weapons.  So ur going to pass a law that actually does nothing instead of taking up some items that will help the people
Obama gave the ok 4 these devices 4 the disabled. Y don't restrict these devices to them. UR against those who R disabled. Shame on U.
U senator have used any excuse to milk anti-gun issues. Yet U have had guns to protect URself & now armed guards. Shame on U.
Ban assault rifles as well.
Not good enough, not broad enough. Get tough. Quit screwing around, people are dying.
And armour piercing bullets umm silencers ffs
If #nra supports this we want more information and should be suspicious
This is not enough. No semi or automatic weapons. Sensible laws when comes to owing guns.

It's about time !!
Anything weapon that can be modified to mimic an automatic weapon should be considered a WMD.  Ban all of these devices. #guncontrol
So more than half of the Senators don't see what happened in Las Vegas as a problem that needs fixing? This kind of thing will happen again.
It's not enough. Ban magazines, armor piercing ammo, assault weapons. Remind voters every single day that gop saw LV massacre & did nothing.
not enough. and if nra is for it, you know -- or should know -- it's meaningless. and they probably will want silencers in exchange.
It won't matter what you ban all it does is hurt the Law abiding citizens. Criminals will always find a way to get what they need
A start. Don't advertise as a solution. Doesn't address manufacturers or distributors or consumers. Just bans an add-on device. Keep going!
Who cares?  You're putting out one of the matches that caught fire from the forest fire
Let's not, one wrong person with the will and intent to kill a mass of people, does not make the rest of us murders@thinkfirstbadideashurt
That bill duplicates existing law. More wasted effort biased on ignorance and emotion.
Literally the least you can do. Make that massacre a little slower.
What are your thoughts on Eric Holder and MS-13 California round-up?

Yes
US citizens can not have guns, because politicians need those #guns to hand out for free around the world. @KamalaHarris #2A #Benghazi
Yay!
You are misleading the public by inferring this will stop mass murderers. You can ban the device but anyone who knows anything about guns can easily make one or print one on a 3D printer. How about passing legislation for Mental Health which has been ignored for decades.
Horrifying that anyone ever thought of doing this in the first place. Men & their toy soldier fantasies are what’s wrong with America.
Only 38?
Please continue to work on this critical bill! #NoAutomaticWeapons!
Thank You Senador!
It’s a start that must be followed by a ban on semi & full auto weapons to non military/police. Cmon, how many bullets do u need to kill a 
first get the FBI and CIA to give you all their info on #Gunrunning #Paddock #ISIS >good Luck on that !

Please do.  What’s the hold up?
Then let's ban automatic and semi-automatic weapons for once and for all.
Since the U.S. Government has WMD's the 2A should be repeal
Only 36? After what happened Sunday night?
You should be able to, since you had advance permission from the #NRA to do this. That isn't how legislating is supposed to work.
I would like this tweet except for the life of me I don't understand why you don't have 100 senators.
Awesome. I would expect (and wish others would demand) 50/50 Senators! This isn’t difficult. It’s human life!!

Come and take it
Yes, but a drop in a very large bucket. Revoke NRA tax exempt status. Pass Blumenthal's measure to allow lawsuits against gun manufacturers.
Banning devices is like washing your feet with your socks on—avoiding the root cause of the issue. We need intelligent gun control laws.
This is more law that will not stop their use.Focus on enforcing legislation.Laws do not prevent criminals.We have laws now that didnt work.

@SenateGOP is doing nothing about #LasVegas so they can keep getting money from the NRA. Maj of Americans want guns regulated. #GunControl
please keep going and repeal the Second Amendment
Good start, but BOMBS are STILL made without BACKGROUND CHECKS

When did all this start??? Here's a reminder, WHEN YOU LET THE INMATES OUT
Just don't stop there!  This is a tiny band-aid on the problem.
Why stop there? How about passing a bill that gets rid of military-style weapons, auto or semi-auto? Have you lost the SF fire in the belly?
It's a bull ban. Ban assault weapons not spare parts. Do nothing Congress
YES!!! We stand behind this 100%. It's the first positive step in saving innocent victims from gun violence.
I know we don't have the votes but we can't stop trying. If GOP never gives up on ACA repeal, we must never give up on effective gun regs
3/28/07: Feinstein Quits Committee Under War-Profiteer Cloud -> http://mobile.wnd.com/2007/03/40845/ 
Seriously also keep working to ban assault weapons, period
Ban semi automatic weapons period!!!
1 2
A fine pittance allowed by the @NRA, but this is not enough, and will do nothing to solve the problem.
Push for hotels to have tighter security! If that hotel had metal detectors, and security to check bags
this could've been avoided.
Only 38 this is an outrage
Update: we will pass this bill wash our conscience and continue business as usual. While we are praised for minimal effort #winning
How will this stop criminals? Problem isn't guns but societal decay
@SenFeinstein lets pass a bill where undocumented immigrants, WHO commit crimes against legal citizens get deported!
Wonder if @SenThomTillis and @SenatorBurr have signed on???
This legislation is not enough. Every time we settle for small regulations, we need COMPREHENSIVE gun reform now!
Is that enough?
The NRA owns US Senate, wakeup! NRA shouldn’t be allowed to fund campaigns. Stop that. US would be safer. No automatic weapons or ammo.
This bump-stock bill is a bone to the masses.  We need strict control on these weapons and people building arsenals with them.  We need #MedicareForAll .  We need the DNC to ADDRESS COMPROMISED TWITTER AND FACEBOOK ACCOUNTS.
Good first start, but not nearly enough.  Keep at it.
After that no-brainers done let’s quickly move on to universal background checks.
Plus, don’t forget to ban the semi-automatic weapons while you’re there.
bullshit, i hunt with semi auto
Not only "bumpstocks", but banning all add-on's & any FUTURE add-on's that could turn semi's into fully auto. PLEASE THINK AHEAD.
Hi
When  only police carry guns, it takes 72 minutes for them to do anything, just like any government bureaucracy - slow and slower.
Let's begin obeying the constitution and allow people to arm themselves  so mass shootings can be stopped quickly by citizens.
It's a start, I'll take any progress, but it's not enough. Don't throw us this bone and assume we are satiated: we won't stop! #Guncontrol
How about a real bill instead of a pretend bill?
Nice but we need more than this. We need comprehensive gun control legislation.
Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws Laws

White People White People White People

Are the #1PROBLEM

FIX THAT FIRST AND YOU'LL MAKE HISTORY
Another bill that wont change anything...Bump stocks didnt kill anyone, evil killed them.
Please don't use this one bill to placate those seeking #gunsense.  The NRA will go along because it has a minimal effect on the gun industry and they need some brownie points here. They do not care about victims, only gun owners and manufacturers. Keep going, pass MANY  bills.
Everyone is blaming the NRA bit yet it was Obama that made them legal hmm what's wrong with this picture
Oh yes that will stop the killing . How's Chicago doing with all there gun laws  Muder Capital of the world with the most guns laws
Please move to UK, they already stripped their citizens of all rights and imported refugee terrorists
Lets pass an assault weapons ban. Bump stock bill is just a way to pass nothing. Pass an assault weapons ban. Pass an assault weapons ban.
If this is the only change, it will be a deep dishonor to 500 innocent people.
Multitask - while you’re dealing with weapons TRUMP’S HOODLUMS ARE SABOTAGING ACA & PREPARING FOR WAR!
NO CIVILIAN ON PLANET EARTH NEEDS ONE OF THESE-PERIOD!
#BanAssaultWeapons
#GunControlNow
Would be nice to pass actual gun control instead of this pathetic crap that the NRA has given permission to pass. Shameful.
And that is how quickly we all lose our freedoms. Think about it folks
It’s a start.
38?!? It's disgusting that it is not unanimous. Nothing is going to happen with gun control. Nice try.
Don't stop there.
Continue looking for items to ban.
They have opened the door.
Continue to regulate.
First step. #GunControl
i don't even know why these atrocities exist ;(
This bears continued repeating: The stocks just make it easier.
As I heard someone say, possibly Rachel Maddow, it is literally the least they could do.@maddow
No! Do something that matters!
Thanks for the broader wording! I was afraid trigger cranks would slip under the radar, again
Only 38?  Tragic!
Thats the least you all can do. And i do mean least.
We need so much more. #Gunsense @SenFeinstein
We keep having elections and you keep losing.
1000+ seats over the last 8 years alone.
#gunsense
Too smart to do that. Besides we are Pro 2nd Amendment. U HAVE IT WRONG. DON'T WANT AUTOMATICS KILLING PEOPLE #MassMurder No More #LasVegas
Most are pro 2A and uphold constitution. Many who didnt want guns r now buying then 4 protection.
Truth. Everyone is going to have a gun, just have to be responsible and if needed, a really good shot.
Seems like a no brainer seriously.
pass this bill, however, lets go further: ban assault rifles, have better back ground checks, permits, limits on how many guns one can have
Do more
Do something, do anything!!!
God be with you. Thank you!!
The cowardice of Dems is toxic. This is less than a compromise
Please@make this happen Diane
One small step...
Too little too late.
Get it done Sen. Feinstein! Those things are selling out online! They need to be destroyed. Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator!!! 
A ban is insufficient
You need to confiscate all those in peoples hands.
Yes.  Someone right now is planning the next mass murder.  These modifications are just workarounds for those intent on doing harm
How’s the water legislation coming along, Senator?
Considering the rarity of this kind of weapon in crime, couldn't you do something that might actually help? Ban high-capacity magazines?
Do the Democrats a favor and resign
Yeah let's put a Band-Aid on the shrapnel wounds
Not nearly enough.
How about you just ban interest groups in politics & then repeal the 2nd Amendment!  Get over your egos & outta the 19th Century!
Oh? I actually agree with you. But let's dismantle ALL of them, starting with the Brady Campaign.
Big deal! Ban semi automatic guns!
How many do you have lined up to block the tax cut bill that really guts #Medicare and #Medicaid? @RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley
Maybe we should ban drugs too!
The bump stock is not the problem when you can still own a hundred guns
Can we get a moron ban for the White House?
Thank you 
And let’s ban semi-automatic weapons too! Unnecessary! Only our military should have access to those types of weapons!
What about police? I live in a bad part of town. I have guns to keep myself safe. Semi auto is the most practical for SD.
Require background checks to buy ammo
Thank you California. Now, let us ask ourselves; "this guy already passed the checks for the guns, will having checks on ammo help?". No.
Someone buys a gun. Over years they may have traumatic brain injury, become a felon, etc. They still have a gun. Prevent ammo purchases.
If you commit a felony you have your firearms confiscated. And are you suggesting that someone with a brain injury is automatically a-
Psycho? For shame. I can't believe you'd pick on a disabled person like that.
You're right Vladimir
Da, comrade, but you will be of findings it is of YOU who is of fascist oppressor.
So glad the NRA gave their blessing  (& the idea)
Deal with suicides and inner city issues first!
It's disgraceful that this is not supported by every single senator.  In my book, anyone who doesn't support this is just an NRA terrorist.
It's a good start but it is not a finishing point. As a veteran, I own a handgun, I dont need a semi automatic weapon. Only military does
It's a start, but it's not enough.
Repeal the 1934 nfa
A start
Why it’s not unanimous is precisely what’s wrong with this Senate. #Posturing
It's not much, but it's something.
by all.
THANK YOU.
much better off because of your passion to serve and your life's work on our behalf even if you aren't some folks rep. Your service is felt
Senator, is there anything you need done that we could help you with? Thank you so much for starting this latest bill. As a nation we are
Feinstein is an embarrassment
I wish we could and want to do more. Without offending each other, we must be able to have reasonable conversations about safety and society
Yep..because the only ones that will follow this law will be law abiding citizens.  #Bandwagonpolitician
Solution to 1% of prob is better than nothing, but we can't give up on background checks & banning assault weapons
While you're at it, Senator, how about a bill banning the sale/transfer/ownership of actual automatic weapons? No civilian needs one ever.
The Hughes amendment was close enough, thank you. #repealtheNFA #LEGALISEMACHINEGUNS #banfertilizer
@SenFeinstein You may want watch some YouTube because you don't need any accessories to bump-fire a gun unfortunately.
Here is a guy doing it with a hunting rifle which would probably never be banned.
Thank you
And then what?  More bans?  Stop the insanity. Human nature will find  a way to destroy. Cars?  Pressure cookers?  Planes?
Yaaaaaa thank you
This conservative wants them gone
Shameful that it isn't 100.
Thank you.
Close the loophole that allows Private Sales and sales of guns at gun shows to go through without background checks.
