Not saying support it, but do you propose anything instead?  Mass exodus of insurers from the exchange have left whole states w/o coverage?
What's your solution?  keep it as is & allow some States to go without? Our state is without coverage in some counties under your watch.
Proud to stand with you against this cruel bill! Proud you are my senator. #resist
Thank you! How can we help?
I might as well commit suicide. I couldn't afford coverage
Could have used that attitude with Obamacare.
you already screwed us.
nope.
Thank you.
Hey, Senator, how about you put in a little effort to "fix" the damn bill.  One Libertarian voter here tired of the constant Dem bitching!
pls help target that message with specifics, nonstop & loud to targeted, hard-hit GOP districts of Senators who may vote no
Start with Tool # 1 : Vote Republican!MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA
As Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) pointed out, #GOPWealthCare tax cuts to richest 400 taxpayers would pay for 750,000 ppl to be on Medicaid.
Is this all you worry about
Thank you, @SenatorCantwell. Millions of Americans will lose critical care if we don't stand up for them & work to improve this awful bill.
Thank you, Senator Cantwell!
I and many others thank and support your efforts from 98368.
I am with you
REPEAL obamacare COMPLETLY. Anything is better than obamacare. keep your plan, keep your doctor Dems FAKE news.
#trumpcare #GOPhealthcare is #DEATHCARE. Healthcare is a basic human right. #onepayersystem #Resist
Really? Since when?  Not in my civics class...
The @senategop and @realdonaldtrump didn't take a civics class. THIS IS NOT NORMAL. #trumpcarekills
Like you did when O'Kenyan care came up, We have to pass it to find out whats in it, Outstanding job.
Thank you @SenatorCantwell for doing EVERTHING to stop @SenateGOP from bankrupting and killing Americans with unaffordable care
This is basically the same one you fought so hard for...
SCOTUS is upholding Trumps travel bad. Again you libtards are wrong. You are wrong on every issue. You need to be voted out of office. MAGA!
Why weren't you this worried about Obamacare. I knew it was the worst legislation in centuries. I'm not a Senator. You should voted out!
Didn't you use all tools to pass O'care? Now isn't that failing? But you focus on the fixes and stop these? Your party caused this-help fix!
Thank you for finding a way @SenatorCantwell senatAmericans deserve adequate health care
Define "adequate." For many, the ACA is an abject failure, costing middle class taxpayers millions.
10% of medicaid spending is due to fraud. Millions of able bodied people that dont want to work on medicaid. U address that I'm not ur slave
I'm with you Senator Cantwell. Keep fighting for us!
U need to start beating down your GOP colleagues doors!
Thank you
@Jim_Brunner By "every tool" are you referring to every Democrat Senator?
Please oppose Trumpcare.  Keep up the good work.  The bill is horrible.
We must use every tool at our disposal to remove you from office. Covered for #BankFraudBernie Corruption. #DrainTheSwamp
What do you have to say about the Bernie Sanders bank fraud story? #BankFraudBernie
It's being investigated. Has nothing to do with GOP healthcare bill.
Cuz Obama is God and anything he did regardless of effect is special and anyone that dares change it will be stopped! Cuz it's dangerous!
It was all a big scam and you knew it all along. you owe me 40 years of my life back.
So why did you take the payoff from big pharma to vote against @SenSanders affordable drug bill? #greedypolitician
Deep gratitude to all who fight #AHCA, literally a killer bill. Even naysayers here need healthcare.
deep Gratitude to all who overturn ACA. The bill that says the 50% are womens black slaves from the 1800's, women pick ur own cotton
Thank you, Senator Cantwell. As a voter in Washington state, I urge you to continue the fight against this travesty.
Thank you so much for your fight. I'm proud to have your represent me.
If this means you are ready to withhold consent and filibuster by amendment if necessary, then I thank you!
Glad to see that both @SenatorCantwell and @PattyMurray support the interests of their constituents.This bill will do more harm than good.
Yeah like raising prescription drugs for seniors you hypocrite
You bet we will! We look forward to seeing you employ EVERY tool at your disposal. #WithholdConsent #FilibusterByAmendment
lets keep obamacare and do nothing with it. That way I can eat popcorn & enjoy the show of it imploding all over women and her voters
U better get to home depot cause ur tool shed is empty.  Term limits maria
I hope that you and Patty Murray can stop this. It's an awful bill.
This EASTERN WA voter has your back!
Thanks for standing up for my family #iamapreexistingcondtion #AHCAisIMMORAL #AHCAKILLS
Her & @PattyMurray both took money from big pharma to vote against affordable meds from Canada. Look it up.
I'm in! #NoAHCA #medicaid
Thank you. We are with you!
Yes, every tool against it! I'm with you! Go Team Washington!  Washington State!
Thank you for fighting for us. Sending strength your way!
Too bad you didn't right a Bill that wasn't collapsing in the first place. Something needs to be done.
AP FACT CHECK: Obamacare is not in a 'death spiral' - Business Insider
Hilary even said it was in big trouble.
Senator Cantwell what specifically in the bill are you opposed to?
Good idea! No sense trying to stop the Obamacare implosion. Best to let the Dems/Progs/Communists take full ownership of their failures!
Keep it up and you might be one of the Dems replaced in 2018. Start working with each other and stop this crap. #MAGA
Pass the GOP bill Obama care is gone
Thank you - with you all the way!
Please slow walk every step!
Yes please use every tool including @SenateMajLdr who is a tool as well as Trump's puppet w/wife Chao in cabinet. Mitch favors rich & pharma
SOLUTION: Anyone who votes for this bill also loses their healthcare!
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
You go girl! Get DC clear out of the health care scam... Dump them both!
Pls talk to ms pelosi about a change of guard in the house we need an intervention
I don't stand with you at all!  You are a disappointment and an embarrassment to #EasternWashingtonState.
i will NOT join you
Alot more amendments than just the 2nd one honey. Look it up.
your party should start governing, honey.
Yes, and leave the population saddles with her preferred disaster called Obamacare.  Nice job.
Only when Democratic leaders in Congress stop being Republican Lite will pro-People policies have a hope. 

Maria Cantwell: R YOU listening?
 We are with you Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting for us. Trumpcare would devastate the entire health care system for EVERYONE.
Thank you for fighting for our state.
Thank you.
Thank you, Washington State has your back!
This is for Americans mam. I will join u only if u help get America a functional, low cost healthcare system that will not cause tears.
Washingtonians are counting on you.
