NOW WE WILL FIND OUT ABOUT WHO UNMASKED CITIZENS, WHICH IS A FELONY. JUSTICE WILL BE DONE FINALLY!
Drop it and quit wasting tax dollars!!!!
Thank you, Senator Cantwell, for rising in defense of our constitutional #ChecksAndBalances. We need a #SpecialProsecutor
CC:@SenCoryGardner
Hire @SallyQYates
There are NO ties it is all made up by the demoncraps
Thank you. Keep fighting.
I hope so but don't expect the majority party to agree
Hello Senator Cantwell, I am a Washington State voter, and I fully support you in calling for this. Thank you for your time and efforts.
I support Senator Cantwells' call for a special prosecutor into Russian-Trump campaign connection
Stop wasting our money!!
We need to include Hillary and Comey if so.
Feinstein, Clapper and others: "no evidence" of Trump collusion with Russia.
Try Podesta-Hillary-Clinton Found.-Russia
He and his vice president everyone associated with him and put in to power by him should be removed from office now .
So how do we get an independent prosecutor? He is going to try to get rid of anyone in office that could hurt him
Do you're job! Get off you're soapbox!
Yeah, spend more taxpayers money on an investigation started in July that hasn't uncovered any evidence of collusion.
#SpecialCounsel
If there was ANY proof at all, you guys would have been all over it. #squirrel
What about Seth Rich!
Aetna just backed out of Obamacare. Comments?
Shut it down. Obstruct. Obstruct obstruct. Don't vote for anything until we have an independent investigation.
What are you doing to get said special prosecutor in place?
There is to much damage that he has done already
Thank you Senator! 
Are they investigating Hillary's involvement and all of her email leaks?  You're not looking for the truth, just a way to hurt POTUS.
Let's get one for Clinton and her treason.
The problem w/ appointing a special prosecutor is that we need someone non-partisan who isn't totally in trump's pocket to choose them- who?
45 basically just obstructed justice in an ongoing investigation. He should resign immediately or be impeached.
And Jeff Sessions who recused himself from the investigation and then recommended the firing.
Senator,thank you for calling for a special independent prosecutor & thank you for representing the interest of all Americans! #Resistance
No, you need to get on with real business and the real issues that face this country.
Even if we have to wait until 2018.  I'm in for the long haul.  What a SOB.
Yes!
Agree, but that's just a lawyer.  We need investigators that are independent of WH
Thanks @SenatorCantwell. I'm a constituent. PLEASE KEEP HAMMERING ON THIS. EVERY DAY. PLEASE.
Agreed! Thank you for your stand! We must have an independent prosecutor. What did Trump know & when did he know it?
Hey, there's a guy with some experience on this issue and he's out of a job, I hear. Hire him. #HireComey
Thank you Senator Cantwell!
Hey, how about that Clinton Foundation, while you're at it?
Thank you.
NO more legislation until INDEPENDENT Investigation - Please! Nothing more critical to our democracy!
Hm - not a peep abt 30,000 emails, private server, printing classified docs on insecure equip't. Ur a hypocrite, Senator.
Foreign interference in American democracy is sinister.  We must get serious about an independent investigation.  Trump endangers democracy!
Lol, I believe Clapper and Yates said no collusion. But now they will go after Clinton and the IRS, so good for @POTUS
RE: Comey firing:  David Corn is right.  This is not smoke.  This is fire.  
Special prosecutor is imperative.
Special Prosecutor Sally Yates
Yes
I hate Trump, but you are all swimming in the same corrupt pond. Politicians are a plague.
There is no "there" there. Keep investigating though if it makes you feel better
You guys have driven this into the ground and have NOTHING to show for it. Why no outrage over leaks of classified material senator?
Yes please!
Thank you Senator!
What word shall we use that ends with -gate this time around?? #impeachment is the best answer other than #resigningthepresidency
Thank you Senator! Do not stop fighting for this.
Make it happen.
Keep pushing until it happens, senator!!
Sessions recused himself from Trump/Russia investigation. Yet he just canned the lead investigator. Special Prosecutor needed yesterday!!!
Then get one, now.  Where are all of you?  We are terrified, do MORE NOW.
And special investigators.
Well, make it happen already for crying about loud
We really really really need u to resign or start working on the business of the country. I vote for resign
We need a special prosecutor for Hillary.
We cannot count on the Republicans who continually put their party above the country.
Impeach the bastard. It's time for him to go to prison.
Thank you Senator! Now, more than ever, we MUST have an independent prosecutor to restore faith in our democracy.

We need a special prosecutor to pursue the urgent investigation into #TrumpRussia. #MarchForTruth
This can't just be lip service. Trump has gotten away with waaay too much under dems watch. Take a strong stand. Fight back!!!
Are u fucking kidding me hes been in office just over a hundred days get over it u moron or crawl inside that pussy hat and go away DRAMA Q
Good luck. If there was someone who needed, and still does, a SP, it is HRC. So, later....#Much
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator. Please do everything in your power to make this happen. Our republic is in danger.
Danger from brainwashed people like you.
Thank you @SenatorCantwell
Thank you @SenatorCantwell
Leaks, Un-masking, Clinton Foundation, Iran... Many more real problems to investigate...
Please push to make it happen!
While you are at it appoint one for mayor murray
Independent prosecutor now, there is no alternative!
I agree: with special prosecutor Clinton and Obama can be brought to justice without appearance of politics.  May be Trump's plan, you know
huh?  Trump is colluding with Putin. Don't play dumb.
Zero evidence, but I assume you know that.  If Russian is all the 'resistance' has, gonna be a long 8 years for y'all.
Nah. Y'all be choking on Cheetoes dust when Trumpy and gang are run outta town. Giddyup!!!
Thank you @SenatorCantwell
Sen. Cantwell Please, we need a special prosecutor!
So what are YOU going to do to make that happen?
Do not stop fighting until we have an independent prosecutor investigating trump.

True, patriotic Americans stand with you
Yes we do and we need one now. Our Democracy is at stake!
We should investigate baracks ties to the muslim brotherhood and what backdoor deal was made with Iran.
Try to focus on Orange Disaster. You won along with all of the crap.
Lol. This russian deal sure has you leftists all distracted.
How's your firefighter's pension? Take a wild guess where the money to pay for that came from.
Im a volunteer.
You only want to impeach @potus cuz your Coup failed.
