Liar in chief
I also remember how the Dems stated nobody would left out of the ACA, but our veterans are still not allowed to participate in it.
He is a puppet
And if Dems don't place this front and center, starting NOW, we deserve to lose in 2018.
Medicare does not belong to illegals or new citizens. American citizens pay into this.
Did we really believe the pathological liar ?
@realDonaldTrump doesn't open his mouth without a LIE
More fear MONGERING!!
That was too many #trumpisms ago
Yawning Why ? Just raise  the tax on the 17 percenters  This will also help with the corporate  tax plan
#45 Lied And He's Backing Up Republicans Period!! WeThe People
MustVote All #Repubs. Out Of All Political Offices That R Up 4 Election N '18
@realDonaldTrump Just another lie!
He just can’t be trusted!
What a con man. lie lie lie
#DrainTheSwamp Fake News from the D.C. Democrat Bubbleheads! Watching CSPAN.  Medicare is increasing. Dems trying to grow the bloat.
Good
Remember when Obama said if you like your Doctor you can keep your Doctor? Dems lied.
@nymelb86 cutting Medicare will make hosp and HH agencies close will increase unemployment and hurt grandma and grandpa big time
Mess with the bull and you get the horns.
Does anyone honestly believe anything this fool says?Doesn't matter what he says.It's usually a http://lie.Best  to treat it that way
So what are you doing about it.  Whining and complaining.  Get out there and tell the people what their doing.  Start running now for 2018
アメリカは、消費税をやるか、小売り売上税率を上げるか、自動車の値段を下げるようにしなくては、ならないようです。ヨ-ロｯパ日本のデザインや中型小型軽自動車を造っては、いかがでしょうか。速度の早い貨物船を造ってみてはいかがでしょうか。
Many in the USA drank the Trump Coolaid- what’s your antidote and how will you administer it?
Fight back
STOP THEM! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
No they don’t, @SenateDems are liars.

Their all a bunch of stupid shits. Yeah, many people won't have life, liberty or the persuit of happyness. They don't care about us WTFUPPL.
@realDonaldTrump Remember when you were running for president and said you WOULDN’T cut Medicare?? YOU MUST KEEP YOUR WORD!!! RT
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Please don’t cut Medicare. It’s the only health insurance many elderly people have. You may not need it but we do! RT
Just like obomo did ?
So predictable & so, so sickening.
@realDonaldTrump Did you know these cuts are in your tax reform? If you allow this it will be another broken promise. STOP MCCONNELL !
They lie...get the facts. Watch every dem say the same thing puppets with talking points!
Our family has member w/chronic health; husband laid off so trying self-employed; taxes at 40% combined rate; Not Rich, not wealthy help???
Cutting Medicare is how Clinton balanced the budget.  The problem is that the government expenses and its unfunded liabilities grew bigger.
what else would you expect from the lair in chief draft dodger?
Remember when President Obama said "If you like your plan..."? Sorry, I can't hear you. Did you say something?
This because all you do is earn a paycheck and benefits to RESIST. In the real world you would have been FIRED!
Well if it the senate doing it then its not Trump
Remember your Constitution:  GOP is not TRUMP.    So vote the GOP Bastards as well as the Liberal Bastards out of office.
WE trust him to do what is right for the PEOPLE no matter age, creed, color, religion, and on and on and on....hoi vay!
Trumpublicans are out for the benefit of their owners, the 1%, not the people.
The Pres knows what he said and u can take it to the bank! Ryan! No! Sit! Stay. Good boy.
So.... somehow you equate senate GOP to bring @POTUS how? Magic?
Predictable @gop. Dems, these people aren’t subtle. C’mon,
The man switches his plans every other second. He will unfortunately do whatever he wants without repercussions.
I don't believe a damn thing the democrats say,I want to read the bill myselfThey cherry pick & mislead
Another trumpster supporter, you know those that are know as red neck or slow witted.
Thanks for revealing ur BIGOTRY plus I didn't vote for Trump  I said I dont trust ANY politician at face value
Trump is a #ConArtist he is tearing our country apart and @GOP is not doing anything about it. Trump doesn't care about the common person.
They want him to sign everything! But hopefully the same Senators that put thumbs down on repeal ACA...will fight this too!
Remember when Obama said if you like your doctors you can keep them?
Weird, it's almost like we can't trust Trump. #JustKidding #WeCant  #HesALiar #SoBadAtPresidenting  #SAD
STOP THEM!!!
Prove it...
He's a liar, thief & a criminal. Why would we expect him to keep a promise?
Leave Medicare alone!  #TrumpIsAMoron
And one of your jobs is to not let this happen!
But the ultra wealthy need that money very badly, they need to finance more jobs getting sent overseas
Worthless Congress
@POTUS, please review promises made by @realDonaldTrump

you don't know what POTUS will do,besides the keystone kops will never agree on anything.
It’s too bad Senate Dems aren’t speaking out about the Medicare fraud case their fellow Senator is tied up in. In fact, the silence speaks volumes.
Millionaires and billionaires don't have Medicare.
like i believe you!!!! u the spin masters~
Pls tell me how he's CUTTING MEDICARE!!! Slowing growth is not CUTTING! 2016 there was 38.6 billion in fraud, ask your senator Menendez
Within two years he's done a 180 degree turnaround WHY????
@nymelb86 
Medicare is working is very successful
anybody that's wants to make cuts doesn't care about home health for elderly
Now that is more bullshit! We paid for this! Congress borrowed money they’ve never paid back-millions!
Do it!
Remember when Obama said you can keep your doctor
The rich dictate US policy now. Campaign money=favors for the rich. Our government is a shameful, cruel greed driven monster #CampaignReform
What’s important is that elected members of government don’t lose their medical coverage.
Trump’s hardcore supporters won’t even see it coming.
I remember when Obama said you can keep your doctor in premiums would go down
Would you like a list of the tall tales your constituency has told about healthcare the past 24 months? You're less trustworthy than he is.
Actually #WeThePeople will recoup a fair amount when YOU pay for your OWN DAMN MED INSURANCE!! #RevokeCongException @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Flat out lie is he not cutting medicare, medicare spending is still going up he is just reducing the rate of how quickly it goes up.
None of you Dems cared about Obama lying about being able to keep your doctor or that your premiums would be reduced.
Of course I don't expect honesty from a party that colluded with Hillary to rob Bernie Sanders of the nomination of his party for president.
Get back on your meds.
Democrats say more spending & more Taxes voters a Feed up, with all the Lies!
Oh,and Obamacare wasn't supposed to either but it did
An actual cut, or simply a reduction in the rate of previously budget increases in spending?
F L I P  F L O P - in-Chief
"if you like your doctor something something something your doctor...."
I wonder what are the Stats on those of Medicare-recipient age who voted for him (#45)?? Or better yet..those GOP Sentators?? Hmmm...
President Trump is not Congress, you jackass.  Nor should he try to be.
Like Barry who stole $700mm from medicare?
Do they ever tell the truth ?
Will we actually be spending less under their plan than we spent this year? Are you calling a slowdown in growth a "cut"?
I hope the cuts aren't as deep as the cuts from Obamacare.
Another day, another lie...
Unfortunately, we trust the Senate Dems even less than we trust the Senate GOP.
Speak for yourself, MAGAloser. WE don't.
Tell you what... I'll back you on this so long as you help him keep his promise on building the wall.  Deal?
Medicare hs helped me beat BK Type 2 now beating BK congenital heart disease w proper diet meds & exercise so I'm mobilizing to due battle
Must carefully edit twitter which doesn't have a grammatical filter next to last word should be do
Isn't it a cut in the percentage of increase??? Funny how that is called a cut
Yes.  Also Obama and Dems took 700Bil out of Medicare to pay for Obamacare--Where were cries fm Dems about that?
Everything that comes out of this moran mouth are lies!
Well guess what the president doesn't have that power, you need to work it out
Remember when Democrats actually cared about America? Pepperidge Farm remembers...
Of course.  The ## of lies he's told, just since election, would be huge.  He lies daily.
Has he promised that you can keep your doctor and your plan yet?
He’s eliminating doctors from his Medicare coverage plan altogether.
I think his list of lies grows with everyday
44 statements fact checked & proven to be lies last week alone ugh
total BS  Democrats are Liars
So can we count on a veto from the Twit-In-Chief?
Cause that's Don the Con
