@WaStateDems has passed FIVE resolutions in support of single payer since @BarackObama ran on his campaign on it in 2008 - THE TIME IS NOW!
So you want to be in a system run like the VA?? That is gov run healthcare!
Two days ago it was 40M, it’s hard lying all the time you can’t keep track of them.
Are you willing to withhold consent + run out the clock? I agree it's awful but I want to know what you're going to do about it.
Another strategy could be to make sure the clock runs out on the vote - offer filibuster by amendment.
When will you support single payer?
We can't afford single payer. Maybe do a bit of research on the topic before assuming what it means.
Sure, but we can afford an 80 billion increase in military spending? And thanks, I know exactly what single payer is. Stop ASSuming
So you're suggesting we use defense budget for single payer? It's such a simple little world you live in 
If worried about HC,  then why did you pass obamacare?  Single payor will never work in America.  Take a look at the VA.
EXACTLY! The VA is GOVERNMENT run. Wanna know how well government funded health care works? Look at the  VA. #failure
What about .@SenSanders kicking off hardworking teachers, construction workers and firefighters from their private insurance?
It's giving states the option! If Insley wants to drop Medicare, it's his choice, not federal! Stop trying to scare us!
Nothing good about skyrocketg prems/deducts drivg ppl to Medicaid to exhaust that pot of money either. Nothing good about fleeing insurers.
Thank you . I wouldn't be able to see a doctor with Medicare alone. Co-pays & deductibles are too high. Now I have them both & getting help.
Support single payer NOW
Thank you for always fighting so hard for us and for what's right. We really appreciate you.
Maybe to the liberals, she fights! To WA State conservatives, she doesn't! And @PattyMurray certainly doesn't fight 4 us! EVER!!
Well, they're fighting so you can have healthcare too, you know. Like, health insurance is not just for liberals.
Yes, but NOT single payer. VA, Canada, UK are prime examples to NOT have gov run Hcare Yet, that's what Dems want.  And OCare is horrible!
No one's seriously proposed single-payer. Have that debate when it comes up. They HAVE proposed and are voting on cutting HC for millions.
Someone please introduce a bill giving the EXACT SAME COVERAGE to members of Congress as they have voted on for the rest of us. #NotOnePenny
Republicans have tried to do this over and over and over, Democrats block it every time.
Medicare For All Americans
Do you want to end up in a system like the mess at the VA?? That's gov run healthcare!
This is going to happen anyway as the federal subsidies under the ACA fade away. OR is it your assumption that state taxes skyrocket?
And this is why I love living in Washington. Thank you Senator Cantwell & Senator Murray
Medicare is NOT FOR ILLEGALS, SO LET'S GET THAT CORRECTED.
Not true
I AGREE
Economic growth will move people from Medicaid to Employer based health insurance plans.  Better coverage for the legal citizens
Thank you!
Maybe people would believe you if you did ACTIONS to back up your WORDS. What are you doing to improve heathcare Maria?! No single-payer?
You are correct, but the GOP feels the money and BS promise are more important to them then the people they will hurt, put out of work etc.
So, what's the plan?
How about THOSE who LOST health care under the ACA? Where was your concern then?  Allow the #FreeMarket in health care and see what happens.
The real problem is that 15 million people are on Medicaid.
There's nothing good about giving insurance with such high deductibles that no one can use it as this is what obamacare did.
If you don't support @BernieSanders bill then draft your own, put a call out with @WaStateDems and we will help!
Most of Americans are afraid of going to the doctors to begin with as they are one serious illness away from losing everything.
Nothing right about obozocare
@SenatorCantwell, who have you PERSONALLY convinced to vote no? @lisamurkowski? @SenSusanCollins? @SenCapito? @senrobportman?
So how did you rationalize kicking 10M off their private health plans under Obamacare?
Thank you! #Medicaid was a lifeline for me when I became disabled. Without it I wouldn't be here now, adoring my family. #SaveACA
Shifting funds from blue states that opted to expand Medicaid to the red states that refused? These dirty conniving parasites must fail.
Mmmmmmm
STOP LYING TO PEOPLE. Do you really think scaring people with more lies to sustain Obama's legacy, is good governance? You are insane.
Please, if the Dems have to fight as dirty/ sink low as the GOP does in order to NOT get this horrific health bill passed, JUST DO IT!
Sad when a Senator spreads fake news to push their agenda. Smdh
https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/07/22/cbo-three-fourths-of-coverage-difference-between-obamacare-gop-bills-driven-by-individual-mandate/?s=trending#28372d2b3627 …
You people are never satisfied
The Republicans writing this garbage aren't interested in our healthcare; They just want tax breaks for themselves. So no. Not satisfied.
Support #MedicareForAll  Anything else is inhumane!
SUPPORT MEDICARE FOR ALL!
Obamacare took away health care for millions of ppl! Due to "affordable" care I pay $30,000/yr in premiums. FYI: I'm glad you never happened
You mean the money grab by insurance companies, right?
Nothing good will come of healthcare anyway since it has became socialized by pandering politicians like yourself.
People. Govt running business is like blind directing traffic. Big disaster in the end and we all pay for it. No forced healthcare!
There is nothing good when families have to use their retirement funds to pay for health care premiums .
Yeah it's this little thing called the national debt,maybe you have heard of it?
your right the Democrats shouldve got it right, but it iscawful and imploding
Wasn't very important when ObamaCare was passed without even being read.
Did you miss the 8 months of hearings or are you just parroting?
No kicking to it. Volunteers off horrible O care.
so stop fighting them and endorse @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill.  You too, @PattyMurray
@PattyMurray will never endorse. She likes pharmaceutical...money too much.
Thank you for representing WA and everyone in America who needs healthcare. (aka everyone)
The # of Americans covered by Medicare/caid increased 38% from 2008-2015. Death rates rose for the 1st time in over a decade in 2015. 
You did #Obamacare ?!
#RunOutTheClock
I suppose u want ppl to follow the food pyramid or something. Michelle Os school lunch program. No good can come from government




Call:
MURKOWSKI 202-224-6665
COLLINS 202-224-2523
MCCAIN 202-224-2235
HELLER 202-224-6244
CAPITO 202-224-6472
#GrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare
As always, thank you Senator Cantwell. 
Such complete lies but at least you're learning how to spell "Medicaid"
#healthcare is a right, not a privilege.  #GrahamCassidy is a disaster for #WeThePeople . 
#SaveACA 
#SaveOurCare
Healthcare is not a right. Let's get that VERY clear. Healthcare is not mentioned in the bill of rights so it is not a right.
Gotta love the libs. They love federalism when ignoring federal immigration laws, but healthcare money back to the states-horrible lo #MAGA
Moreover, we need to start dispensing with the notion that it's in any way conservative, either. It's not.
The sooner we start calling out the other side for not being what they claim to be, the sooner ppl will see them for what they really are.
A bunch of goons somewhere in the triangle between evil, corrupt and insane.
Best description of democrats I've heard inn a while. Good job!
Thank you, Senator Cantwell.  Please keep on fighting.  The majority of Americans want and need healthcare.  This bill is a tax cut for rich
Medicaid is a broken system, having more people on it doesn't fix it. There's nothing good about the ACA either, be part of the change
I'm so glad you represent me in the Senate! Keep fighting for health care!
There's also nothing good about 522,000 uninsured people in Washington but you still won't support Medicare for all.
How much big pharma money would u lose out on thats the real ?
I just spent hours calling each R Senator. TY to @funder for # list. This isn't ACA repeal. Medicaid was started in 1965. This is a tax bill
WHAT CAN WE DO ABOUT IT?  WE ALL KNOW MCCAIN AND MURKOWSKI WILL CAVE IN.  IT'S OVER.
It's obvious ACA needs replaced. Just not by this. If you think ACA was bad, multiply that by 100.
Go @SenSanders !
single payer healthcare for the democrats ONLY.  paid for by democrats ONLY.  that would pass. everyone else. free choice.
Please do everything you can to stop this awful bill!!!
