Revised Pebble Project Focused on Reduced Mine-Site Footprint and Enhanced Environmental Safeguards
While Moron tRump distracts with his stupid rants about BS=NFL, @EPAScottPruitt is destroying our planet. @EPA #FirePruitt
Deplorable
~ he’s a toxic threat to our planet and every organism on it.
Someone stop this monster
Be more specific. ..CNN is full of them!
Haha, good one, Derek!
Are they genetically modified fish?
Natural spawners are not genetically modified. Fish farms do that for us. I live in BC Canada and these farms are destroying REAL salmon!
Ok  "no hatchery fish are raised or released in the watershed"  http://ens-newswire.com/2013/04/29/bristol-bay-largest-salmon-fishery-vs-giant-mine-proposal/ …
http://www.northerndynastyminerals.com/site/assets/files/4589/2017-10-05-ndm-plp-cp.pdf …
Sure why not @realDonaldTrump, just keep destroying the environment & wildlife all to satisfy big pocket corporate lobbying interests. #JERK
Just saying. After all this is direction of slippery slope Mr #ZeroIQ #Moron #Trump is dragging our country. Nuclear holocaust on horizon
Easy fix. We just start eating gold and copper.
NOOOOO
Mining and carbon are(dirty) kissing cousins. Two pieces of the #BASE #MAGATS
I fish commercially in Bristol Bay, Northern Dynasty and Trump had best keep their grasping mitts to themselves. Again. Not welcome.
What does this stupid, ignorant, ill-informed, sub-intelligent, half-wit of a man think he’s doing to OUR planet! For God’s sake impeach him
COULD BE - is that something even remotely real or just a CNN fake news scare tactic? Answer - Fake of course
As long as his sources of steak aren’t jeopardised..
Hey @CNN don't be a Weinstein. President Trump is creating jobs.
Meanwhile in real news, Weinstein, a valuable Democratic donor, has raped and sexually abused women for over 20 years.
Just because Monica Lewinsky had salmon on her blue dress doesn't mean she had fish for lunch.

Rile em up rile em up CNN! You do the same thing via your "news" that Russia does with Facebook.
Only one of the many ways in which Dotard Trump wants to ruin the environment. SAD
Only if we allow it
@laureldavilacpa I extremely despise #Trump.
Does Trump hate salmon? Is it the new broccoli?
Could?  Why spread rumors
so your saying the USA willl make money.
Trump thinks salmon comes from cans or freezers.
Every single day it is more bad news from this administration. I just want to cry.
NO!!!
Ok.
When the last tree has been cut down, the last fish caught, the last river poisoned, only then will we realize that one cannot eat money.
A mainstay in the CNN propaganda arsenal “could” is trotted about yet again.
Some men just want to watch the world burn
Then Salmon could become very valuable.
Both copper and gold mines are heavy water polluters.
Permanent ecological damage. Not only salmon at risk. Mining is dirty business
Welcome to #MAGA this is what you voted for Wisconsin and Pennsylvania.
Sad but how bout you report on flouridation, mercury and other metals in vaccines and chemtrails. How about Fukashima? Fracking? Etc...
Can he eat copper and gold.
and  Kim Jong Un could launch a nuke at Hawaii tonight you guys are full of could's maybe's should've 
Exhausted Harvey Weinstein coverage I see.
CNN: FAKE NEWS
Im a Nak bull
Dear Woodward & Berstein, they are doing their best but just to make sure; how about a weekend workshop for investigative reporters?
No stop this
So it isn’t enough that he has ALREADY seriously pisse* off Mother Nature?
The Swamp Thing in Chief threatens not only America but also life on Earth 
Sweet. I like gold better.
At $3 per pound that means 165 billion pounds of copper will B mined or 1/2 TRILLION pounds of ore to be dug up!!! That's a lot of waste!!!
You people really believe this
There’s a lot of fish in the sea
SHAME ON YOU TRUMP! Let nature continue and mine elsewhere! Not only Aboriginal needs in peril, but spin off industries from the salmon!
Figures. He should sleep with the fishes
If this is accurate, the breeding grounds likely will be destroyed with millions of salmon/year dying never 2 return. Wiped out.
Wow. Make something valuable much more valuable? Cool.
Get over yourself bashing the guy cause he called you fake news, feelings must be hurt like a little girl
Keep showing the tapes of#moron45 liein to Americans!
This is a Disaster!! When will Americans finally stand up to what this 'cabinet' is doing?  Pruitt / Pai and the rest under trump direction!
Well, disband the fishery and ditch the mining idea and you will be closer to brilliant.
Of course, he is a well done meat man with ketsup.  He could care less if it doesn't impact HIM!
This is what happens when republicans are in control. They are greedy selfish woman and environmental haters. Only profit for them matters
Read: CNN will retract this story. Few will ever know.
Great who likes salmon anyway
Keep rolling back epa and climate guidelines, that's great for our planet, kids and grandkids. Nice work, soon everyone will be orange
Could Bs, anonymous, WH sources,alleged,rumors,believed to be. THIS IS CNN! More like mud-slinging than journalism. Everyone knows it!
good...Gold is worth a lot more than salmon
#moron
more #fakenews from the LAZY LOSERS at #CNN Crazy - Nasty - Nobodies
why does this not surprise me?
Nooo!!!
Here we go again! Where do you guys come up with this sh**?
Gold and copper are necessary for electronic devices. Without those sorta of mines, you wouldn't be tweeting right now.
Just stop with the bunny hugs
Oh Lord!
I love SALMON fish.  
What the HELL man!  smh
@USFWS
#DarthVader POTUS
Good lord could you please give it a rest.. relentless fake news is so old!
He is such a giant asshole. He needs to go now, impeach or just tell him to resign, anything to get rid of this useless man.
He and his people are the worst. Get out a VOTE next time.
I just hope they don’t vote for a pussy grabbing, bankrupt filing, conman, sociopath, man baby ever please. Don’t be bamboozled folks!
Sounds like Scrooge McDuck and Mr. Burns may have earned spots on his business advisory board
Omg hope it never happens...wtf
Trump; scared of fishes and, weirdly, green crayons. #facts
Fuck green crayons man...

How much is your daddy trump paying you?
Wow! That would be stupidity beyond believe!
My dad is rep but didn't vote for Trump my sister is rep and sorry she voted for him
FAKE NEWS

