Thank you
Thank you!!!!
thank you.
Thank you Senator for standing up for all Americans and citizens across the globe. From Olympia Indivisible member Lisa O.
thanks!  We know you're a real champ and we are going to need a lot of your energy to #stoptherollbacks and #ActOnClimate
Thank you for opposing Pruitt. What do we do to protect EPA now?
Thank you. Please support clean water and #StandingRock Pipelines can cause grave damage to water supply.
Thank you for opposing Scott #Pruitt for EPA
thank you!
Thank you. Now next time please vote in favor for importing Canadian medicine, so we can afford our prescriptions.
Thank you so much! So glad you are part of and working for #Cascadia
thank you Senator Cantwell. You tried!
keep fighting the good fight. Thank you for your passion and dedication
yay! I'm so happy you're my senator. Get 'im!
Thank you.   This was the worst of a long line of really bad cabinet picks.  I appreciate your efforts even if unsuccessful
, we appreciate you!
Thank you for trying. #Pruitt is a nightmare for EPA and our country! How could he be voted in! Darn Heitkamp and  Mancin
you should just repeat @PattyMurray speech. Sounds like same old partisan snark. Do you ever vote on your own opinion?
Do you have any skills other than opposing everything? Do you even know what you are opposing anymore?
how'd that work out for ya lmao you swamp dwelling pols just don't get it.. you're pathetic .. the PEOPLE are now in charge
thank you!
keep fighting to protect our environment and fisheries.  Counting on you to filibuster any attempt to dismantle the EPA
thank you!
Thank you for standing up!
thank you for trying!
thank you.
Thank you for your efforts.
Thank you for opposing the Scott #Pruitt nomination. I appreciate your effort!
Thanks for your efforts. You at least are out there fighting. Thank you.
Democrats have to do something they are not practiced at.. 
Fight, bend rules, because your adversary does.
thank you. Let us know how to help.
Thank you, the fight will go on! The people will prevaile, we need to know that it takes time.
Thank you so much. You and your colleagues who stood up against this wrong appointment are appreciated for your efforts!!
Thank you for your effort today and for your future work to keep OUR #EPA protected from its new leader.
thank you!!!!
Big Pharma?  Phony.
thank you for standing for us.
Keep fighting. I can only hope the emails on Tuesday can help remove him from office. #impeachTrumpnow
Thank you for trying. But the gates of the city were opened and the horse is in the square.
yep wasting wa time and money on a losing cause. Find a fight the dems can win for once without big pharma
why do they keep getting confirmed?
Thank you for opposing Pruitt. Dangerous for our environment.
thank you
thank you for trying and being a true representative of the people. Too bad our democracy is a sham
Thank you!  Well done! 
Thank you.  Keep fighting for WA State and the rest of our beloved country.  Don't let them destroy it.
Thank You for holding the line against these regressive candidates.
Thank you!
Thank you for keeping up the good fight! Continue to keep pressing Pruitt to do the right thing at EPA.
u know what helps our health and livelihood ? Lower drug prices. Why won't that happen ? U sellout. Schedule your townhall
nice.
Thank you
so was the big Pharma vote. 2018 is coming soon. I'll remember U voting against my elderly mother 4 big Pharma
will you ever agree on anything other than communism and democrat agenda? Then, you're not for the people but own gain.
I saw him win the Rolex 24 with a broken back, so there's got to be something good you can say about him.
thank you for your work.
Fantastic work, @SenatorCantwell!  #ThankYou for your leadership! Your commitment & vision are greatly appreciated!
thank you for your efforts. When those emails are delivered please go through them carefully.
More time wasted on my dime.... 
thank you Senator for making a stand for our environment!
Thank you, Senator!
RECALL INSLEE AND CANTWELL FOR TREASON AND SEDITION MURRAY MAKES THE LIST OF TRAITORS
traitors? Please please go back to the U.K. #reverserevolution
do you support or oppose Forced Vaccination ?
need to know who I am going to support...
As a new WA resident im so proud of my new Senators. Thanks.
u will get past that establishment corpratist democrats unless your one of them ur just a constituent to them
