I am looking into this troubling situation
Thank you Senator. These individuals should not have to fear! Such harmful actions by this administration.
You mean an ICE raid planned during the Obama admin? Just like all the other raids under Obama?
Keep the dreamers. Keep the children's mothers together. Keep the families together.
.@SenatorCantwell It's unacceptable that you, a sitting US Senator, are advocating for LAW BREAKERS & don't understand what "ILLEGAL" means.
Definition of ILLEGAL, is simple , very simple "Trump"
He won the Electoral College & that's the rule of law, but I'm no fan of his
its not fair that WE CITIZENS HAD TO PAY TO EDUCATE THEM IN THE FIRST PLACE.Y do u have a prob with our laws #AmericaFirst
so these "dreamers" educated here know the process of becoming a legal citizen. Civics & US History req. #noexcuses
Who cares that he is a self admitted gang banger. Quit stirring shit up senator.

dont trust anything you say!
No it's not.  It's a good thing.  These criminals need to be stopped.
Right==> "Ramirez was a “self-admitted gang member,” "
@KING5Seattle @Reuters ..."temporary permission"  He was aiding and covering for his father, an illegal alien invader.
The dreamers have been well taken care of. They were well fed & educated. Time to cut the cord! #AmericaFirst
on trumped up charges
thanks Senator! Stop Gestapo ICE political alt right Bannon tactics
This hurts my heart.
if he's a criminal, DREAMer or not,  he should be deported
Do not loose site.. The Donald #ImpeachDonaldTrump .. Leave legal Immigrants be, that was my grandparents 
This is unacceptable and YOU need to do something other than just talk!
Why is there no statute of limitations for deportation? There's still SoL for child molesters.
illegal means illegal unless we're missing something? Guy is a declared gang member... befuddled.
@NancyPelosi
@RepCummings 

THIS IS VERY TROUBLING. THIS SHOULD NOT BE HAPPEN. THIS IS TRUMP DOING. STOP THIS.
So much for what Ryan said at the town hall meeting on CNN! We need reform to let them stay and pay taxes
.@SenatorCantwell Good...they're here illegally, very simple
As a long-serving Senator why haven't you helped pave paths for immigrants comprising the #DACA to become legal citizens?
It's  absolutely acceptable when they are gang members ! Tell the whole truth !
We have to break this cycle of needing people to hate! We have to stop this sick rhetoric! #BreakAmericasHateAgain
@kimmaicutler @Reuters please do - this is cruel and pointless.  A waste of resources that does nothing to keep us safer
This is unacceptable.  We need a sanctuary network set up NOW.
.@Reuters Why is he hunting DREAMERS while his own staff are selling U.S. out?
That's a lie. If they were born here, we cannot deport them. If they have broken the law, they can be detained.
thank you!
ICE says he's a self-admitted gang member.
Link to the source?
His lawyer is denying it. Who knows what's true, but @SenatorCantwell should wait for facts to be known.
What are you doing to keep Americans safe? And don't worry - the immigrant is in lawless Seattle.
Thank you Sen. Cantwell. As your constituent I am grateful. #OlympiaIndivisible
though #Seattle is a sanctuary city @MayorEdMurray
OB-1: these are not the terrorists you are looking for
very troubling.
illegals. PS Canada said they'll take people from Mexico and Syria
Tri Cities here Maria. Thank you. We don't want this in our neighborhoods either. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
Yes, by all means, do whatever you can to protect gang members. Would hate to see anything bad happen to them.
Thank you for looking into this to protect all Dreamers!
Thank you, Senator. Can we count on you and @pattymurray to get him out of ICE detention?
are you a spokesperson for the gang?
Thank you
Simple answer:send em all back home together. Sad, but we have laws here Senator.
It is truly sad that precious administrations let the immigration issue get to this point. #Bush #clinton #obama
@Knightblade08 @Reuters so is the fact the ICE is biased, only 1 immigrant from E. Europe arrested. Why? 
@damonbethea1 @Reuters this is a fucking shame !
If prior administration's choose NOT to enforce a law, does that make the law unenforceable? #IgnoranceNotDefense
There has to be a pathway to citizenship for these children brought to US by their parents. Congress must act.
This might sound harsh... but... It's not like "illegal immigrants" is a newly coined term. THEY KNEW! WE KNEW!
because we convinced them to trust the government with their secrets. And we cannot now protect that information
Which law gives them the legal right to be here?
so wrong.  We are in a police state.
Punishing children for going where their parents take them is cruel! This is terrible.
Thank you for looking into this.
@KING5Seattle @Reuters Surely to YOU it's unacceptable for ANY Illegal Alien to be #Detained and or #Removed! #LawAndOrder
The arrest of a Dreamer is outrageous! In addition to donating to appropriate groups, how can we help?
@Q13FOX @Reuters There's a path 2 follow 2 b legal.  Cheat it, get caught, now b accountable. Citizens r 2 follow laws. U2
@Q13FOX @Reuters all need to enter the United States legally #NoRegrets
@Q13FOX @Reuters just because they voted 4 you doesn't mean they can stay here legally. Plenty of time 2 become a citizen.
btw people under DACA can NOT VOTE. Sooo
They probably should have gone through the immigration process like my daughter did. She isn't being detained.
well we made a mistake on vetting. Your daughter will be detained till we see het birth cert...
you can be legal w/out being born in the USA. To be fair, maybe focus should be on illegals in prison that are costing money.
illegals in prison cause state started making them serve sentences b4they extradite but saw revenue windfall now theyre injail
- 1- I'm sorry. I don't understand your statement. Can you explain to me how they provide revenue?
correctional industries makes money from inmate labor.. state saw boom in 80's started making ilkegals setve time b4 deporting
So it's best to make money from illegal criminals than money from contributing legal immigrants?We will have to agree to disagree.
@KING5Seattle @Reuters booooooo
@POTUS @VP great job
@JoelMorenoKOMO Thank you!
What is troubling is all you politicians pandering to illegals. Law was broken but you don't care. It's not PC to
thank you... Please ask @davereichert why he voted against Trump revealing his tax returns. We won't forget.
Thank you, Senator! Please fight hard for the rights of these kids and all immigrants.
if they aren't legal they aren't immigrants
@KING5Seattle @Reuters illegals are illegal, doesn't matter how they are illegal. They either need to be legal or get out
please use your influence to get others to be more vocal!  Thanks for standing up for us.
absolute BS
