For the first time in eight years our nations values are finally be upheld!!!

With all due respect Senator, enough tweeting. Start impeaching.
She can't impeach him obviously but one thing I think Senator could so is speak from the floor of the Senate & demand his resignation.
Are you going to lose that if the swamp gets drained
Swamp? I think we need to drain the whole bayou...
Then you would accuse him of stirring up trouble or some other story.  He cannot win with people such as you.  You just critizize.

Well. You can definitely tell who the small thinkers are. Comparing Clinton with confederatsy and or nazi anything is really really reaching
No, the stupidity is blaming a statue for some bad decisions by our ancestors. It's our history, get over it.
You and yours simply try to make a political point on your scoreboard of a torn nation SHAME ON YOU
What this election has shown me is how incredibly hypocritical the left is and tolerant they are of all the lies of the last 8 years.
I voted for Donald Trump and I am not a racist. Do not impeach my president. Respect my vote.
You really can't believe that. You all are corrupt. You don't care about us and will be VOTED OUT soon. #MAGA for us all. STOP THE VIOLENCE!
Please support Articles of Impeachment
HE WAS BUSY HELPING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND YOU NEED TO SEE WHAT HEIDIS MOTHER FB HIM. SHE WAS THRILLED POTUS SAID WHAT HE DID. FACT!!
And what were you doing when they were rioting in Ferguson and and Baltimore are you calling him a racist Obama probably not
He's unfit to serve as our leader. He is morally degenerate
You know that Trump has been married three times. and brags about grabbing women's genitals. If you want decency he ain't it.
what about people from both sides getting off the same buss this is a false flag or fake video on line have you seen the video
OUR NATION'S VALUES CONSIST OF PROTECTING AMERICANS NOT ILLEGALS AND ALLOWING LEGAL CITIZENS TO RISE ON OUR OWN MERITS.NOT EXPAND GIVE
Skin Pigment is a democrat talking point because its endless  and will never change.
Color of skin is not an excuse to do stupid things.
We the citizens of America know Our Values. Question is why are you standing so far to the left?
You have been in ofc 16 yrs/cant blame our mess on the new guy/Blame rests with divide 3 branches/2 parties/voted an agenda U wont pass/stop
Please support Censure and Impeachment for Trump. He lacks the character, integrity, and moral fiber for his office. His hubris is limitless
@MariaChappelleN must go. I'm so through with Dems. You& @PattyMurray, won't get my vote again. Dems are moving to saner pastures even in WA
It's more disturbing to know that u haven't listened to a word that @POTUS says.
Thanks Maria, again.  I just feel shame upon shame with POTUS.  This is going to be a VERY long 3.5 years.
Hi Senator! From one Catholic to another, why haven't you asked President Trump for his resignation yet?
@realDonaldTrump YOU have the power to remove him.
'https://www.washingtonpost.com/video/c/embed/8f8951a2-8831-11e7-96a7-d178cf3524eb …'
Are you working on getting the impeachment rolling yet?
Democrats have fueled hate with dangerous anti Trump rhetoric, anti Cop, pro black lives matter, anti life stances. #partyofdeath
I believe it is your party whi isn't upholding the American values. He spoke agsinst racism. Clean out your ears.  Marxism is unAmerican.
#ImpeachTrump!!!!
It is sad that a United States Senator does not know what the values of the United States are! First & foremost we are 50 individual states!
Obviously you don't listen or refuse to based on your ideology.  Pathetic.
You need to resign.
Lie and lie again,  remember the dividers when the truth wins
And you have?
Need to do more than talk...how about demanding he get rid of Bannon, Miller, and Gorka????
Then do your job to #ImpeachDonaldTrump
LIAR. THIS IS THE TRUTH.
Our values are truth and courage and you senator fail miserably at both
you fail,  not him
Please-just start thinking about a new state name. Your wonderful kids of the Antifaeill demand it and you will fold.
It is so disturbing that we have lazy reps who continue to draw a paycheck for doing nothing.
Thank you for helping trump increase his odds of getting re-elected in 2020.
Impeach him
Right, like free speech.  Those assholes deserved the right to do their stupid march and be protected from violent counter-protesters #setup

Censure him!!
Sadly Mr. Trump did not obtain the Left-wing talking points and those specific words.  So he is a Nazi racist... RIGHT! Cantwell.
He is insane with a twist of trailer park
Whats really disturbing Maria is the lazy Senate who constantly take recesses do nothing 4 the people & collect taxpayer $ shame on youMAGA
.@POTUS, @realDonaldTrump, is a Nazi sympathizer and grossly unfit to SERVE the diverse and just people of the United States. #ImpeachTrump
I'm sorry but I don't see him screwing anyone in the ass. Is this the values you are referring to? Or is he killing unborn children. Values
Who are you to say that Trump needs to travel to prove to you that he is against racism? He spoke out against it. You weren't there either.
Give back the Pharma Money you stole, Thank you.
Your supporting a bill that violates the 1st amendment. You dont upholf our nations values either
Uphold*
Your serious aren't you? "fly to Charlottesville Virginia & "marching arm in arm" with opponents of racism" Angels https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaPoGvNoVqI …
He did unlike Obama who never said "radical Islamic Terrorist."
He is only interested in trump values. It doesn't have a party. Its pure capitalistic greed. Its how he thinks. Thats never going to change.
What?!?!?...says you!
Yes he should however was there provocation from the other side?  End of the day a young life was lost - tragic
Are you signing on to @RepJayapal motion to censure?  I hope so!  
PS I live in WA.  You're doing a great job.  Keep it up!!
SENATOR, IT'S OKAY, GOD HAS US COVERED FROM EVIL.Y U THINK TRUMP IS CATCHING SO MUCH FLACK.HIS HEART AND SOUL AIN'T RIGHT. TRUST GOD WORD.
The problem is you know @POTUS has been unequivocally denouncing white supremacy for decades - Here's actual proof!
http://710wor.iheart.com/featured/mark-simone/content/2017-08-14-watch-the-media-lie-about-donald-trump-and-david-duke-and-the-kkk/ …
He must resign
You are also disgusting, so #resignandreplace , and are an embarrassment to America.
You're full of sh*t Senator. #YouKnowIt
More disturbing is to hear the Democrats who have no values, morals,or integrity.EMPTY HYPOCRITES spewing false accusations.
YES I AGREE,BUT IT'S GOING TO TAKE GOD ALMIGHTY HIMSELF TO CAST DOWN TRUMP. HE'S FALLING NOW,BY HIS OWN WORD'S AND ACTIONS, AIN'T GOD GOOD.
You should have stood up for the people of Wa. You allow ANTIFA and BLM to violently protest all the time in Seattle. But that's ok???
She's standing up for this person.
What about her own constituents? We have Protesting from Antifa and BLM. Homeless and tent cities everywhere. Do not re-elect her!
You didn't say anything when obama was silent for so long to Micah Johnson
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #crookedmedia i
And now he is basing our counterterrorism strategy on an urban legend about a war crime.
Wow you guys are launching a planned and unified attack on your president. Unbelievable how you would use a death to further your careers
