Thank you, Senator
'Witch' is not much if anything.
do all you can? How about call media out and say unequivocally "Trump is unfit for office and must go." That's a start.
Thank you
RESIST! And don't approve the SCOTUS nominee.  Dems can defeat that.
Thank you Senator Cantwell. We are watching and supporting! #withholdconsent #nojusticenobills #NoBanNoWallNoTrump
Thank you, Senator Cantwell! Gr8 work, keep up the fight. I fear our nation is in peril; WH eroding judicial, national sec.
thank you. "All you can" means withholding consent on all nominees & filibustering all leg. until your bill is passed.
Thank you for taking a stand against this moral outrage.
keep it up senator! Washington and America needs you very badly right now.
thank you.
Vote NO to ALL of Trump's cabinet choices.
I'm glad he did what he did. We don't know enough about the refugees that are coming here.
So, you don't think we should screen for potential terrorists? Don't treat us like the aborted unborn.
Thank you!
Exactly: no to Sessions, no to DeVos, no to Bannon on NSC, no to Pruitt
No to full bag of deplorable incompetents
Count this WA resident among that number. Thank you Senator Cantwell.
Thank you!
thank you!  Our resistance makes me Proud to be a Washingtonian.
No to all Trump appointees.  We have to get as radical (albeit, same) as they are or we'll loose this.
Thank you. Please also do everything regarding insane security council changes, and vote NO on Sessions, DeVos, Tillerman.
Thank you for standing up for all people!
Really? Working to keep America safe is discriminatory? How many not allowed in at SeaTac today? Sounds like millions.
Thank you!
Please vote no for Sessions!!
please vot no on Sessions.
please do not remain silent. Be a leader and represent all of us proudly!! #NoBanNoWall #noDevos
As a Washingtonian I am so glad to have you and @PattyMurray. Thank you both for standing on the right side of history.
ty for all your hard work.  Especially appreciated under this bizarre administration
Thank you. Please continue to stand for progressive issues and against Trump's terrible actions (and nominees).
such as?
How about those of us who contacted you to praise the President's executive order.  So, you cannot hear us.
What are you doing about Jeff sessions?
FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!
Thank you!  It was great to see Inslee and Seattle Mayor Ed. M. on local news on Jan 29., please consider doing this also.
Appreciate that. Can you tell us specifically what you are doing? People are afraid and clear information helps.
Figure out how to communicate with Wa state republicans...this is not left-v-right any more
Thank you @SenatorCantwell please stand up to this administration. Legislative branch must hold @realDonaldTrump in check
Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions!
@Anna_B1124 #ImpeachTrump #impeachtrumpnow
Obstruct, block, do everything Mitch McConnell did for the last 8 years. Nothing is better than any thing they propose
Thank you!  Now about Sessions. . . he's on the wrong side of this - would allow CBP & others to ignore court orders.
Thank you!
Thank you! Take legislative action. #resist #withholdconsent #noban
I wish my junior @senmarcorubio were as responsive as you. Kudos to you & your constituents. They're  lucky to have you.
Thank you for making Washington state proud.#NoBanNoWall
LITERALLY and SERIOUSLY do all that you can. Your constituents must see action not words.
Thank you!!!!
@painter_nancy can you get the intelligence report leaked to the Public before Trump gives it to Putin?
Thank you for responding.  I am so glad you hear us.  Trump is Dangerous to this County. We appreciate you standing strong.
All you can? Please make it all that is in your power and then some! We are behind you.
do you're job ! Quit obstructing! #AmericaFirst
your
hear me LOUD !!!!!!!! You are a hypocrite !
I haven't forgotten what you did to Bernie. Do not allow your big time pharmaceutical donors to control you. #corrupt
Not just the ban, no Sessions, no DeVos, no Bannon on NSC. We are watching..
FILIBUSTER TRUMPS SUPREME COURT NOMINEE SENATOR!!!
Thanks for the transparency!
TY & keep up the good work; opposing the incompetent & dangerous nominees! We need you on every committee!
please do, the time is now, we need you
Thank you
Thank you!
called your office to voice my support - phones understandably busy. Thanks for all you're doing. Keep fighting!
.@SenatorCantwell Cut to the chase and push for impeachment. You know he has to go. One week is this bad, think about 4 years.
Not just the Ban. Also: No to DeVos, No to Sessions, No to Bannon on NSC. @cheribaker
It is so hard to follow you, but I do b/c you're my senator. I disagree with all of your political opinions.
I'm still gonna call you again today.
don't forget Bannonon the #NSC
unfortunately no, but I'm still expecting uproar from my representatives. He has no business on there.
Stand in opposition to all of POTUS's cabinet picks. They will not act in the best interest of the American people.
Thank you. I support obstructing ALL business until this EO is rescinded. Kudos to WA AG for filing suit.
do better
thank you, senator, for your hard work. Please keep fighting everything he says and does, for all our sakes.
thank you.
Thank you, Senator Cantwell. I'm a constituent and wasn't able to reach you about this, but I am glad you're taking action.

please vote against sessions he backed this

Perfect illustration of why we must get him out of office.
Thank you
