Please do not let the Russia connections get pushed aside. Thank you for your strength. You have my vote.
Stop with the "interference with our election" line. Russia didn't switch votes. Giving us information doesn't qualify
Actually, Jen, if Trump Campaign colluded with Russians during election, that is treason.
Colluding how? Have any evidence from sources willing to be named?
We'll see. http://anunexpectederror.blogspot.com/2017/02/doanld-trump-speaking-to-himself-on.html …
Absolutely!
an INDEPENDENT election. Keep all #rethuglicans out
Flynn needs to go to jail. He lied to the FBI.
Investigate why the AG &a Gov of WA ignore HOA/COA homeowners civil rights! We need help now!
I support this!!

how about an investigation on chem trails, gmos and water pollution? How's Russia effecting these problems? Please do ur jb
Yes, please see that an investigation happens and soon! You have our support.
Look into Trump's loans with Deutsche, Russian money laundering, sale of 19% of Rosneft, sanctions quid pro quo
Agreed.  An independent counsel because Republicans cannot be trusted to investigate themselves.
thank you senator Cantwell i appreci8 your support 4investigation re G. FLYNN russian campaign n election interference
Thank you—please hold out for independent, public, select committee
First find out the criminal that leaked the information to the public.
why did DT instruct the RNC to beef up firewall?  He knew the Russians were coming!  INVESTIGATE!
There needs to much more done with what is happening all around!  This is truly getting crazy.
what is to happen to us and the world when putin calls on trump when it's time to collect?
this seems to be getting dangerous
you mean the leaks.  . Right?
- are there Republicans we can call & ask for their bipartisan help in holding DT accountable for promises, taxes, Russia??
Yes, please.
yes. Please ASAP. Please tell Rep Issa- Mr investigate- do his job!
Please keep the pressure on.
YES!
Ltg Flynn ran dia & was reforming natsec agencies re: mid East Intel. He got in way of other agenda's. Obama fired him.
Bounty on his scalp since. If it wasn't contrived Russia bs it would have been something else. Just how game is played.
for what? Susan Rice lied and she was promoted. #Benghazi
@24baseballReed exactly. Resignation is not absolution.
They need to prosecute or this kind of collusion will happen again
need 2 get 2 bottom of this. The public has right 2 know. #Watergate2.0 The lies are as bad as the crime
GOP won't do anyhting about conflicts of interst of emoluments
Yes, please. Bi-partisan investigation. We haven't seen anything from GOP Congress to suggest they put country above party.
he got fired unlike other scamming gov employees. Happy to see someone loose a job for screwing up. U should try it
if the Rs don't agree can the Ds and Is do their own investigation?
yes please
when are you and @PattyMurray going to start impeachment proceedings for Trump?
This is the most important issue right now! Make it happen!
Yes please!!! We need good and sane governance.
Investigation is a must! How can we help?
Can Jeff Sessions be counted on to do the right thing? There needs to be an Independent Special Prosecutor appointed.
we need to investigate why the price of prescription meds are so high.  Find out whos in big pharmas pocket.  Wild guess!
we saw you and Sen Murray's vote
I wont forget them!
w/ DJT's approval rating sliding into the 30's (Pew), should b easier 2 convince GOP members their own skins r on the line
I am WA resident. Agree!
YES!
What can the people do? Where do we call/who do we write to?
And thank you for all your work which is an uphill battle when Dems are the minority in congress.
should also be looking at Chaffetz and Ryan. They are responsible for ordering investigation and refuse. Why? Involved.
The leak was after the campaign, so wtf are you talking about?
Yes from 98368
I would suggest an investigation of @realDonaldTrump and his tax returns might be a good place to begin understdg Flynn.
- Any suggestions on how to make this happen?  It sounds like the Republicans favor power over country well being...
ya think?
Please lead on this for all of us in Washington state.
Investigate Trump. He gave the orders.
I sent a note to you earlier including my home state's senators and sole rep. Let me be clear how much I agree with you.
#FakeNews
Thank you for making a statement! The American people support this investigation 100%.
broken record
please stop just preaching to the choir and start telling us what you specifically plan to do.
#fakeoutrage stepping in line with liberal talking points
So do you believe there should be a Flynn investigation or not?
amazing how you demand investigation on Flynn and never to Hilary's email and back deals. Bias much.
Looks like she took about as much action as Trump did on Clinton. If Trump doesn't want to go after her...
give the President some time, a lot on his plate at the moment but, I am pretty sure Jeff Session will do it.
yes! how will you make that happen?
This should be the focus. Not the clown shows and distractions.
Being a little more vocal would be helpful. Get out there. We see very little effort from you. Yes I vote in Wa state.
thanks. It should be independent of FBI, atty gen, and both political parties. Tax returns would be a good start.
True, but will Putin okay the investigation? Has anyone checked? #Flynn #Putin #TightSpot
Agree, however, it must be independent investigation.  Also a investigation on Trumps tax returns. He's hiding something.
@MsKadyClark don't leave comey out
.@SenatorCantwell @pattymurray Looking to you and other Dems to push the investigation, and not let Reps and DT off hook.
who is responsible for making that happen? How can we help?
Generally, politicians live in a bubble. America says Trump is a threat to national security, and they are right. Focus.
So, whatcha gonna do?
why?
