Look what happened in Indiana when then gov Pence cut PP. worst HIV outbreak in recent history.
They don't want to stop abortions, they want to punish people for having natural wants for sex. Thought policing at its finest.
I'd argue they also want to force poor white women to produce more babies. There's a gross racist underbelly in anti-choice communities.
Trump and pence? Racist? Noo. Conspiracy aside, they just want to put things the way they were, men in control with no consequences
Yeah just a cpl of old men longing for how things used to be. Its the easy way out rather than progress & be forward thinker, let's rewind.
IMO, you are complicit in the Opioid Addiction Epidemic by accepting all that $$$ from BigPharma.
All those services can be found for free here in our state. Quit scaring people into your agenda.
BS
Thank you for standing with PP.
Aren't you clever. 
Why hasn't anyone reined in this runaway mule? PP provides important services and our taxes don't fund abortions
Abortion is cruel to the unborn AND women, AND undermines family. I pray you return to the Catholic Faith. #OhMyJesus #OurFather #HailMary
@smartass425 Actually, #PlannedParenthood is a private corp with annual surplus profits. No need for tax money. Plus, they're incompetent.
All those services available at any primary care clinic. No need whatsoever for @PPact No tax $$ for baby murder
No tax money goes to abortion! Man you Republicans need to read. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyde_Amendment …
women need a primary care doctor, not PP. many problems are picked up in regular routine exams by physicians.
#TrumpFascism committing #femicide
It's further #HealthcareViolence against those who didn't vote for him! #TheResistance
So start talking to your GOP buddies and do something about it!
so what are we going to do about it.....?
Good question. 

...Then they shouldn't pay for what you're doing with your body...
As a pre-teen in the 60's I was so hopeful about the direction of our country; compassion, intellectualism, science... Hate steps backwards
Said b4 now again! During my undergrad yrs #PP was only clinic in my neighborhood that I went to! Never once for AB! It is a WOMAN'S BODY!
trump offered fed funds to PP if they quit doing abortions. PP turned him down
Abortion is still a LEGAL right in the United States. If you don't like it don't do it. *Simple!* You mind your business. I'll mind mine.
Buy your own birth control pills, they are cheap. Don't have indiscriminate sex and you won't need those services. If you do pay the penalty
PP is a large corporation. They will be just fine w/o MY tax $$$  Google how much $$$ CEO, Cecile Richards earns for urself
Bullshit. They can get any of those services elsewhere.
I am tired of this being a negative,  why not bring everyone together and find a better way than penalizing and already tax laden population
I would believe that you had concern for healthcare IF you returned your BigPharma money! You work for ME!
@bunnie1129 Guess he paid "No Attention" to how many rallied on his day, what a fool !
More lies #fakenews planned parenthood does 90% abortions most facilities don't have mammogram machines when rare liberals gonna quit lying?
Quite the lie Senator. Funding is still available for 1375 Community Health Centers that don't kill babies.
Trump allowing funding to be stripped from #TitleX providers is cruel & will greatly impact the women & families who are most in need 
Abortion providers are licensed in their states, you can look them up. PP clinics often don't even perform them, they just refer you.
But hooray, you've defunded the birth control and cancer screening fund for 4000 medical providers! Surely this will harm no one!
He is just making America great again isn't he now? #MAGA
Just because he's not lining up people at Holocaust Centers and using chemical weapons, doesn't mean this isn't a genocide
And he surrounds himself with women as he guts that and Planned Parenthood.
He knows that.... Doesn't care.. He's got golf to play, steaks to eat, and a daughter to please.
What can we do now?
Pence-il Dick Conservatives and the @GOP want nothing better than to have more soldiers to fight in their Trumped up wars.
Legislation. Their idea of freedom is total agreement w/ them or else. They care Sooo much for your unborn child. Till birth then it's F off
Another fallacy of conservatism. The complete lack of empathy & compassion. They ARE big government! Trying to force religious views through
There are other options! The idea that abortion providers are somehow the only option for women is a well orchestrated, self serving lie.
There've always been abortions & always will. The way to reduce them is thru education and access to care. Higher wages would help also.
Question for @DPlummer627 - Does being a #NeverTrump mean that you are actually a Democrat now?
Feminist liberal.  Sad
Support fo rlaws that benefit some classes/groups of people but not others is a violation of equality under the law which Leslie opposes
individuals need to be more responsible for their own healthcare and the costs of treatment for disease as a result of lifestyle choices.
Don't say that, now he'll do it for sure!
get the funds from DOD http://bit.ly/2017DivPax1 
Trump is pushing women back to 2nd class status; and if u r poor, steerage. 
And stopped the murder of how many unborn defenceless babies? The rest is collateral damage.
Signed by a man who wanted his second daughter (and fourth child) aborted.
And this is from a guy always saying that he loves woman
It'll probably be challenged and be ruled unconstitutional.
There are free clinics that have been popping up in local neighbourhoods all across America. Seek them out. Churches sponsor some of them.
Trump is making America old white patriarchy again. Not a good thing.
It is time that women start being responsible for the choices they make. Young girls can also go to unplanned pregnancy Center's for help.
trump doesn't see low income people as people
What is it with extremely rich people UK and US govmnts that makes them so fking EVIL?fKN NAZIS ALL OF THEM
Brilliant & logical to move Title X spending as a state decision, not federal.
Haters want gov out of their bedrooms and bodies until Trump does good and cuts funding on their fed dependency. Pick a side! Gov or no gov.
HIV testing?  Seriously?  Over 1.25 million Americans luve with harmless HIV now; only 12,500 die by AIDS.  HIV does not cause AIDS.
What century are we in?
What's the matter with a regular doctors office?
Trumpling again on rights that were hard-fought for. The battles for them will have to go on again after Trump.
yet you take away citizens of Washington rights, making it more a police nanny state. and meddle in their lives without their consent
Only solution is to get him and the rest out of the White House.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about women, or children, or poor or sick people, or anyone who isn't an old white rich man. Really.
There goes those southern states voting red and screwing themselves 10 fold. #SMH
And they do none of that we just kill babies and sell the parts. If you like them you go fund them with your money.
Pull your own weight
This is a manipulation of one-issue voters.
There is nothing pro-life about this despite what Ryan says.
I like how he does things quietly now so by the time the country finds out its too late how is this even legal
@619drumer
Can you provide locations of PP centers that offer services other than abortion & pregnancy testing? Want to debunk
https://www.plannedparenthood.org/health-center  You can select a state. On each location it brings up you can view services provided. @SenatorCantwell
He is such a tool!!! I'm disgusted! 
Go to a hospital or the other hundred options!
Frankly, I don't want to hear about anything but this bombing & how it will be halted immediately. After that's done, let's hear abt titlex.
@LeChatNoire4. When the mothers in families get sick then Men can stay home and take care of the kids.
Thank you! Please jeep the pressure on! We need a government that votes for laws that HELP. Sheesh!
That is absurd
RECALL INSLEE AND CANTWELL FOR TREASON AND SEDITION MURRAY MAKES THE LIST OF TRAITORS TO WASHINGTON STATE AND AMERICA
My only question is: When is Trump going to get impeached???
well that was the goal- they dont give a damn about those in need
no matter your stance, it is shocking nearly one million induced abortions in the U.S. in 2014, per Guttmacher Institute.
Obamacare covers those too. How many overlapping subsidies are required?
Sad when a senator's goal is to create a large base of victims
What's the real story? Your spin doesn't hold water
#POTUS @realDonaldTrump You are hurting more people then you are protecting.  #StandWithPP  And I am not talking just PP.  #bombings
it is the beginning of genocide.  all helpful services will be cut to low income families - lazy and underserving group :(
Horse manure
Aren't we all required to carry health insurance? I thought we did not have any more federal money. There has to be another answer.
Sadly misguided, he hurts us all, one by one.
Here's the thing Trump & the GOP don't care about healthcare, except for themselves That this cut was healthcare for women is even less impt
Because he doesn't care about the poor or women. Sad for this country. Women should be making decisions affecting women. Not the Cheeto Man
@ASamanthaRae then don't use the money to kill babies in the womb
What does Trump and the white male Republican leadership care about women's health? Oh that is right, they don't give a damn!!
He is a cruel and heartless sob, particularly when it comes to women.
Cruel? How many potential genius's were killed since Row v Wade? Answer: 1.3M... do the math!
This will actually increase abortion rates. Better access to heath services & education reduces abortion rate. This is a statistical fact.
6M Jews in 4 years WW2... 54M abortions since RvW. One called genocide the other the right to choose?
Christian county once again. God bless the USA!
So women now have to drive to their nearest target to get BC or their nearest HC clinic. Oh the madness!! /sarcasm
Our coward @POTUS made a decision based on one negative (his mind) from a multitude of positives things of Planned Parenthood. Bullshit!!
So in your view where should all these lower income women get their annual check up and cancer screenings since they can't afford helarhcare
Why do republicans hate women so much?
It's actually greedy. The Church attacking preventative medicine for women rakes in UFB money for cancer, deliveries. AND get fed bailouts.
WRONG!...It's doing exactly what it's supposed to do & that's letting States to make Their Own Determinations...NOT Big Government!
Fight him all the way!!!!!
It's all a lie - @PPact ONLY provides abortions these days.
@MeredithGould Pro-life voters, is this what you voted for? Is this what being pro-life looks like?
.@SenatorCantwell - @IvankaTrump will save us!
This is absolutely HORRIBLE
Sorry, black folks 
It still amazes me the amount of notable female adult stars who voted him despite  knowing this, or similar was always on the cards..
Why is removing funds from title x a problem?Didn't you all think Obamacare took care of everyone?I think some are talking out of both sides
Sorry I don't buy it. I think he made the right move.
This is no a "pro life win," that saves. When you harm people who are in need, vulnerable, and often forgotten, you are a villain.
@LiveAction @LifeNewsHQ This is misleading; funds will be denied to #TitleX ABORTION providers. No reason not to keep funding other clinics.
please research the Hyde Amendment. NO federal funding goes towards abortions.
Totally false.  $ is fungible.  If tax $ is going to PP, it's supporting abortion--directly or indirectly.
reduction of women's health care causes abortion - not PP.
How to stop these deplorable acts? Resist! From Shelton, WA
Planned Parenthood does NOT provide any of these services. STOP LYING
It'll have some real impact on the babies they get to live, too. Nobody "needs" a dead baby.
The stupidity of this is dazzling. Sadly, it's just Trump being himself.
@lisamurkowski @SenDanSullivan #TitleX is critical to Alaska women and families.
We have to get rid of people who like killing things.
trump just sent 59 chemical bombs overseas. Can we get rid of him?
Do they do abortions too. And what else did they do besides that list that you have..
Can we concentrate on getting rid of this administration? #HowLongDoesThisInvestigationTake? #SenateDithersDemocracyBurns
What did you expect? #Treason: betrayal of our country by consciously and purposely acting to aid its enemies. #entireAdministrationHas2Go
Hello. How can any human deny, minimally, #s 1 & 2!
In short, he kept his word!...
In short, Trump is cruel.
I guess killing babies is an act of charity?
