while an independent investigation would be ideal, corrupt leadership refusal to act should be called out as treason
Yes please keep fighting!!
@GOP we want ANSWERS NOT COVER UPS AND LIES!! You're party will PAY for this. #endOfTheGOP
please also investigate the DNC for suppressing Bernie
Do NOT stop until we have a full, public, and independent investigation.
@JJohnson2u we have your backs! Hold your own hearings if the #fascists commandeer the conference room. #TheResistance
let's see. Never call for investigation on IRS, Benghazi, Fast n Furious, Obama n Russia. Wait must read before invest....?
There are Russian mob involvement according to investigators.
@janeeucraft don't let McConnell sweep this under the rug
Just stop it already, you lost because you're out of touch with America.
put country ahead of party. Like 45 or not, @USABigTee put the country first. If there is no there, no problem.
???? Not sure what you are trying to say????
thank you for your position on holding an independent investigation.  Please keep up!!
Please #FightForUs
yes! Along with investigation into using the office to enrich oneself (increased Mar-a-lago fees, Trump brand in China,etc)
yes! How can we help make that happen??
I want Congress to investigate this Trump-Russia scandal.
Thank you!  This is a vitally important issue.
all activity should STOP until this issue is,resolved...no bills, no votes, no meetings, ETC
STOP ALL CONGRESSIONAL WORK
Yes and force the disclosure of his tax returns  #fakepresident
please protect social security!!!
please please please convince McCain, Graham, and Rubio to take this on
Yes! And we need our Senators to keep pressing this issue! @maziehirono @SenBrianSchatz @SenKamalaHarris @SenJohnMcCain
Please continue to push for an investigation. I voted for you because I believe you will stand for what is right. Please.
exactly. This has to be our top priority
Why do you continue this rhetoric?
keep pressing for an investigation. Please.
yes please! And quickly
Why waste time and money on a witch hunt, when we KNOW there were serious irregularities in the Democratic primaries?
Look up his Taj Mahal money laundering where there was a fine of $10 million.
Yes, please!!
The money trail leads to the Clintons...
of obama you mean?  He's the one who told putin he'd be more flexible after 2012 election. Now you're interested in ethics?
how will the Democratic Party be capable of doing this completely outnumbered? No checks and balances. GOP prob involved 2
Absolutely!! If this had been done to RNC, Repubs would be howling. Russia is not our friend & can't be allowed to do this.
, tell it to @SenateGOP  & @HouseGOP .
We know this! Put together a committee & investigate Dems are capable. Stop talking get it done & do a Go fund me for $
keeping fighting for the USA
I agree Senator Thank you for pushing this forward The American people deserve answers
STAT!
Agreed & needs to be an independent & public one. Sens McConnell & Burr never allow anything out damaging to Trump/Pence.
Unfortunately, that first requires an AG that isn't in @POTUS ' back pocket. Or at least one that has a shred of integrity.
McConnell was briefed by FBI last Sept yet *declined* to follow up
Check the private servers they're using.  By the way, why aren't you folks making a stink about that?
GOP don't care, they're in control. End of story.
independent and public
please don't forget Yemen. It's been buried under all the other crazy but we need to know about how those decisions made.
GO AFTER THEM.
yes please! Keep doing your job #206
Independent, select committee and public hearings, please.
Yes, investigate Flynn, his connections to Russia, and who TOLD him to talk to Russia.
Yes, please! We support you.  This shouldn't be a partisan issue.
@PattyMurray Any of you care about leaks from "gov sources" spying and releasing info on US citizens? I thought not.
.@SenatorCantwell How about investigating the pro-Hillary interference from the governments of Mexico, Ukraine and Germany?
Sems need to stand in Capitol steps every day and demand it en masse
Yes, stay on Russia investigation message like a dog with a bone. Thank you.
That's your job!!! Please make it happen!!
This potential (perhaps likely) connection between Trump and Russia must be treated as an existential threat. Investigate!
Absolutely.
yes!
Yes. Yes. And Yes. Keep at it. I smell swamp gas.
YES.
