Ensuring Washington State cities do not become "sanctuary cities" should be a much higher priority. @PattyMurray @GovInslee
thank you Maria!  So proud to be a Washingtonian right now!
OH, thats what's the problem today...Trumps Tax returns...OMG...Please resign...you are out of touch...
It may not be the highest priority right now, but it's a real issue.
Please, let's prioritize our concerns and handle them from top to bottom...please..
For all we know, Trump's taxes may enlighten us on the Russian problem.
You have served us well.
Sorry NOT enough......the release of ALL Tax Returns is necessary....3 years is not transparency it is a JOKE!
actually, we want whatever timeline that records are required to be kept! Why different tha taxpayers audits?? WHY? Why?
Why only three?  In an IRS audit, they would ask for 7-10 yrs. Shouldnt @POTUS be held to at *LEAST* that minimum standard?
glad you are my senator.
I think if you want total transparency, anyone in elected positions should disclose their taxes. Where's yours?
and, yes, I am one of your unrepresented constituents.
how about those of you in congress!!!  Ridicules vote pandering move, but it figures from you and your partner in crime
Thank You!! I can't believe we have to make a LAW to do something that should just be a given. Lesson learned.
Hopefully b4 their name can be placed on the ballot. That should weed out those like 45 moving forward.
..Good for future reference, but Drumpf will never ever release his returned.
Thank you!
Maybe we need to see more years?  Five to ten?
Only 3?
DUH!
Thank you!
Thank You!
RUSSIA?????
Thank you. Please follow up with pressure to immediately investigate the executive branch & staff
Finally agree with you on something. Make sure they disclose at the time of filing in Primary.
you got a problem with Trump-get the IRS to investigate-if not-stop your nonsense!  Pass a stupid Act to feel good!
Wasting time!  Post your taxes!
Thank You Senator
Very important!   Now how do you help make Trump follow thru with his commitment to release his?  We want it now!
Thank you for representing my voice on this issue!
WOW THAT'S EARNING YOUR MONEY
THANK YOU!
not really...more interested in when and how the federal employees and Al Sharpton's unpaid taxes will be collected
now that t is diversion.. you sound a bit.. TRUMPASSED! Did u see a SQUIRREL?
you need to call for a special counsel for Flynn/Trump.
thank you, senator!
and @IVANKA stay in your lane. Go rip off more clothes. Make en in China, you ingrate.. @assickasurdad
@davereichert This is what real leadership looks like. Thank you, Senator! Keep the pressure on.
well said!
For answers about PT and Russia, follow the money. Oh wait, can't because PT one release his tax returns
I'm all for it, but do you think this will get anywhere?
,  a constituent, use  your influence for  investigations with public results. We have to follow this wherever it leads.
Thank you, keep the pressure on!
I understand that Dave Reichert on Ways and Means Committee voted NOT to request DT tax returns from Treasury.  Sigh.
Reichert was a great cop but he's pretty much useless as a Congressman.
thank you
- thank you. I could not believe it was not a requirement. How about security clearance also?
.@SenatorCantwell TY but the issue is now bigger than just taxes. As my senator (98368), I hope you're going to INSIST on investigation NOW
thank you!
Thank you, my Senator!
Thank you! This is important!
Thank you!
Why did you vote no on Lowe drug costs? You are bought and paid for by drug companies. Now vote yes on term limits!
Thank you. Hold GOP accountable if they do not agree. Good positioning 4 '18

thank you
Wonderful!  Thank you for taking steps to ensure transparency.
Thanks. Should have had this a long time ago. How about a mental health assessment too....makes sense.
Thank you!
Is it retroactive? Does it cover sitting presidents? Although @realDonaldTrump on January 20th filed papers to run 2020..
@shaker0309 Thank you!
Thank you.
Excellent!
Thank you!
Thank you! That is fantastic!
thank you!!
Thank you!
