Democrats are causing irreparable damage to our American political process. I don't hear you standing up for truth and integrity in Congress
You are a joke. This congress has no integrity They are pathetic The gop senate is worse. Today is a horrible day for the Democratic process
If you believe today is a horrible day for the Democratic process, you clearly haven't been paying attention, or are just ill-informed.
Who's causing damage? Gerrymandering, voter suppression, preventing legal appt of Garland. Try again.
Well... You actually for sticking up for these criminals who've co-opted Congress and turned it into an asset of the deep state.
Stop watching fox it rots your brain worse than candy rots your teeth. Deep state, u don't even know what it means. Just a fox talking point
Maybe YOU don't know anything. But the rest of the world does. Ignorance isn't cool man. Despite what @maddow says. Enjoy your blissful life
MCCONNELL A TRAITOR TO AMERICAN DEMOCRACY
So that makes Harry Reid a traitor as well....thank you.
69 clotures from 1793 to 2014. 78 cloture from 2015 to April 6 2027. Whose the. Traitor now
In your rational Harry Reid, its all fine and good when the left does it but stop the presses when the right does the same thing.
I am so angry 
Does this really surprise you? The future doesn't look good for us. What is next for this administration . Are we going to war with Syria?
Actually they restored the Constitutional constructs as intended and that the Democrats changed in the 1980s to get their way. #toughshit
It is far worse that they stole the seat. THAT was unprecedented, the 50 votes is not. Very unhappy Dems didn't make more noise about that.
Dems should charge McConnell with ethics violations re: Judge Garland & call on the Supreme Ct to rule before allowing a vote.
Your party is the one who changed it years ago. You're just butt hurt since it was turned and used against you.
@SenateDems Thank you democrats for giving them no choice!
And I always thought conservatives conserved traditions #IllegitimateJustice
I completely agree. Americans have every reason to fear the destruction of democracy. This is  a significant blow!
Par for the record. Basket of deplorables
Yep! I'm so grateful!
Can't wait to donate to Republican opposition in next election.
Why? Soros run out of money paying "protestors" last year?
Yep.
.@SenatorCantwell Since Congress can't be grown ups, the nominees who can't get 60 votes should voluntarily withdraw. #Gorsuch #SCOTUS
I tell you what! We need to do something! We are all letting this just happen!! Is there anything we can do!?!?
And any .@SenateDems who vote to confirm Gorsuch must be immediately expelled from the Democratic Party & primaried without mercy.
@SenateDems America is forever changed and all for Russian collaborators and big money.  What's next, nuclear war?
You're a typical liberal democrat.  Not accountable for anything. Your Harry Reid changed the rules.  Made your bed lay in it.
They did it before when refusing2 even meet with Garland.No neg consequences 4 them when they did that.Feel they can get away with anything
This whole admin feels like they're above the law while we SLOWLY chip away. Swifter action against these nazis is required
I would say a good thing, let's get rid of the filibuster for legislation, the most undemocratic procedure in the history of democracy
For such is a qualified candidate. If you hadn't needlessly obstructed the system, the system would not change
They would burn all tradition down, so hypocritical that they tout the constitution when everything they do is in violation.
Thank you for holding on for us.
#dayofreckoning 2018 and 2020. American voters will have their say and the party of fools will be out.
Dems knew it was coming. Should've bit the bullet and let Gorsuch in. Next Rep. nominee could (will?) be far worse.
Par for the course. Basket of deplorables
Must Vote These Traitors Out!
We sure did, wasn't that a long 8 years under #ObamasLegacy  #MAGA #Trump45
They keep acting like a group of people who don't need to win another election.
Well then. Let's make sure they don't.
We gonna move to ID?
Then do something about it!! Speak up!
Dems gave the Republicans this option. Their own lust for power, and willingness to change the rules when it favored them has doomed us all.
Really, isn't that just a bit hypocritical. The Senate Democrats basically took a totally partisan stance and then scream foul when called.
You know better.  You, Reid and the dems made this possible.   Stop your lying!
We have a long road ahead to reclaim our country and reason. In solidarity from Shelton, WA.
No that damage was done by the last 30 years of Dem control. We're cleaning up the remnants of the nation right now. It'll take a while
Thank God
Yep. Just like the government shut down pt. 1 and pt. 2. Republicans will burn the house down and salt the earth if they don't get their way
Just y'all did ...... what's the big deal you hypocrite?
Thank you for fighting so hard to represent our wishes. I appreciate all you are putting yourself through on our behalf.
They.  Don't.  Care.  Sad.
You, Harry Reid and the rest of the Senate Democrats did that in 2013 when changes were made for lower court judges & Presidential nominees
Coup. Just say the word. Republicans have no intention of holding 2018 elections. They intend to steal democracy.
The GOP caused irrep.damage to our country when they wld't hear M. Garland. Not because he wasn't qualified because they hated Pres. Obama
The next @TheDemocrats prez should add to SCOTUS 4 extra, young, and very liberal justices using today's rule changes! #GarlandNotGorsuch
@Gop rule win at any cost screw democracy
The partisan depravity is just stunning.
Let him know he will be Impeached or will resign in Jan. 2021 for Collusion with a Foreign Agent - Donald @realDonaldTrump Trump
Maria, with you and others in office.  I and others have faith you can restore, after the dust settles.  God bless you for continued work
Funny how you didn't oppose the nuclear option in 2013. Small details, eh senator? #nocredibility
They're taking the car (Government) for a joy ride doing as much as they can before they're pulled over and somebody takes their keys away.
Have you ever seen the Casa Bonita episode of South Park? They are the Cartman running through, doing everything, before he's apprehended.
Sad. Just to Trump's butt (where's an ass emoji when you need it?)
Just proved Constitution is absolutely worthless. Changing rules to get your way? I really don't understand why any of us pay taxes
@SenateDems tit for tat politics are childish and stupid. Fix it in 2018
THIS IS ON THE DEMOCRAT TOTALLY SHAMEFUL NOW MAYBE 1 OR 2 MORE JUSTICE IN THE NEXT 8 YEARS YOU ABANDONED YOUR VOTERS #TERMLIMTES
You abandoned a tradition by filibustering a judge. Grow up
Hypocrisy is voting for something in 2013 and complaining about the same thing in 2017
You Socialist Democrats have Only Yourselves to Blame ♡
Not surprised. They are afraid of 45 and have no respect for our traditions unless it suits their agenda.  #ImpeachTrump
the rules were in effect only since 2003. Please tell the truth. Thsi drama won't serve you, the Dems or the country
Thank Harry Reid Sen. Now Repubs will put whoever they want on scotus.
No...you and the rest of your clowns did that in 2013. Start doing your jobs!!!!
The bridle of exec power chafes from either side of the neck. For decades u all have been allowing the exec to reign in.
You made them do it
@SenateDems 
UR not telling UR ppl the truth Senator. This all has to do w/Dems wanting to hold onto their power & money.
@SenateGOP I agree. And I'll add that Mitch McConnell is a jerk.
You can thank your own party and DirtyHarry
That's because @SenateGOP, and @HouseGOP for that matter, stopped caring about this country in '94, #IIRC their constituency are being used.
Must have read McCain's statement since it's much like his. Updown vote would have prevented this-this is you and your parties doing. Shame!
Yes, they did. But it is temporary. They will lose control of the Senate at mid-term elections and future seats are ours. Bad mistake 4 them
Haaa.  Right.  #Grandstanding
Backing Reid in 2013 seems to be biting you in the rear. If Dems actually had vision you would've seen this coming back on you. #hypocrite
#DemocracyIsDying #Kleptocracy #NORepublicanPatriots
"Leader" in title only.  @SenateMajLdr SHOULD BE ASHAMED of himself.  Clearly THE biggest OBSTRUCTIONIST & liar in US Senate history.
Thank harry Reid for that

You're blaming the wrong people your culprit is Harry Reid
You are correct! @SenateDems need to get off their "high horse" and start doing the jobs they were elected for instead of their own agendas!
No damage done to tradition rules now back to the way the fore fathers intended them to be.  stopped Democrats from irreparable damage to US
Remember this day! Kentucky get this un-American McConnell out of office.  He's not fit to govern.
It has never been used before now.
Standing with you! #NuclearOption is TERRIBLE decision by party-over-country GOP
Yea the dems invented it thank them
So in otherwords, just like Reid, he got rid of a horrible precident that gave the minority party too much power.  Sounds like a win for USA
Again mis-truth by you. List votes for all current SCOTUS! @SenateMajLdr  @SenateGOP we must speak the truth! @GOP 2003 Dems rewrote!
HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY!!!! cluck cluck chickens
#Vote ALL @HouseGOP @SenateGOP out of office! #Fedup
why did you Dems filibuster a Supreme Court nominee for the first time,  only your fan club does'nt watch the Senate on cspan... #Dem lies
No you leftist progressive anti-American Democrats are causing irreparable harm to the U.S. You would gladly destroy America as we know it.
Irreparable damage began when treason was winked at by lying, cheating GOP....minority government put in place by gerrymandering & treason
2 more Justices Maria.  This country is broken and you are part of the problem.  Keep this up and Legislation is NEXT!
Defend, please do me a favor and move to a Red State, thanks
.@Indivisible will vote @SenateMajLdr out. Democracy is a conversation in compromise, not a temper tantrum.  #Indivisible
Yes they did! Our Forefathers wld B astounded, disgusted & saddened. BC they invisioned our Country a Democracy. Not 1 party over the other.
because the #GOP doesn't work for #America. They clearly are working for #Russia. #Resist
Thanks Harry Reid!
The democrates did it first and democrates will be blame for forcing McConnell to do it
They forced McConnell to not give Garland a hearing?
They don't care about democracy. They just crave power. Disgusting, and not the country I grew up in.
Democrats  damaged  America.  Today the GOP started to repair America.  This is great.  Make America Great Again.  Its starts with Gorsuch
Thank you for standing up for what is right in spite of them 
Make America Great Again
And only three years of the demoncrats doing the same.
McConnell's Hatred of Obama has destroyed the Senate's tradition. Republicans will rue the day they were taken in by Hatred.
Long term wonderful for the USA!
That will be on your shoulders.  Give 1 reason not to vote yea.
You approved the same thing in Nov 2013 for all nominees except to the supreme court. You started it. They finished it.
Because they refused to even work with obama. Their hatred is so deep.
Please tell us how we can fight back.
You can always donate your paycheck to Soros, he'll think if something.
I actually need all of it because 1) I teach, and 2) I need to donate to various social programs whose budgets were gutted.
*Definitely causing irreparable damage
Please include pre-existing conditions in the healthcare bill.
Senator Harry ReidVerified account
 @SenatorReid Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
iTS funny how this is different from 2013 when Dems screwed the senate just to lit obama rein the United States
Cheaters! Can't win fairly so change the rules. Republicans own it!
Mitch McConnell Just Confirming That Republican PARTY and Koch Brother's Rigged Election Wichita To Moscow And He's Proud of Himself! ! ! !
No they didn't. There is no 60 vote requirement and we got fed up with your obstruction. There was no valid reason to oppose #ConfirmGorsuch
#StolenSeat #BogusCourt
yar
your hypocrisy and double standard are evident. If you really support constituents you better grab seat at table. You R now irrelevant.
They got even with Garland. They took it a step further.
NO longer a need to have the vetting/confirmation hearing - whoever has the power will simply add whoever they want. 51-49 forever :-(
3 democrat traitors too it's a disgrace. Once again the gop is embarrassing America
Thank you for standing against them, Senator.
not the first time they damaged #democracy ; recall voter ID laws & Gerrymandering? A potential #PutinsPuppet appointment 
New GOP bullying tactic
GOP can't win without cheating. Thank you Sen. Cantwell.
Your party caused this.  Own up to it
America died a little bit more today thanks to all #CorrupPoliticians
why should they obey rules? Anything they do, the president and the fbi will protect them.
not possibly...definitely
