@MelissaWPTaylor @cyntiadkins called both Sens -they are open to Gorsuch-waiting to hear him. UNACCEPTABLE. Filibuster
I called @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray offices asking them to filibuster. Dems must stick together on this!
I'm WA res. The Trump admin shouldn't be able to fill this vacancy. Shld only be J. Garland. Will upset balance of power.
I hope this means you'll be voting NO
When should we expect an official statement from you re: your Gorsuch vote? cc: @Rw121Reid
https://www.cantwell.senate.gov/news/press-releases/cantwell-statement-on-judge-neil-gorsuchs-nomination-to-us-supreme-court …
Thank you for getting back to me! Much appreciated. And many thanks to Sen. Cantwell for her thoughtful decision.
@PattyMurray I voted for you & want you to vote no and filibuster.  This nominee shouldn't even be heard.  The last wasn't.
I agree w/Sen Schumer. This hearing shouldn't even be taking place while Trump & his admin under serious investigation.

Gorsuch seems personable but that doesn't equate to an unbiased judicial officer. It will upset already unbalanced power
glad you're “concerned.” Are you and @PattyMurray committed to filibuster this disastrous nominee?
disastrous in what way?
Happy you share my concerns. Pls vote no. There r enuf setbacks for wmn built into this admin already. We don't need more!
i think the vote should be held up while 45 is under investigation.
You mean the recent whine by one student who worked for the DNC & was denied by others in the class?
You should also have concerns about the fact that it's a stolen seat
Would U be saying that if U approved of the nominee?

Garland got screwed, yes, but seat still needs filled
I am a Seattle constituent urging you to FILIBUSTER his confirmation! dangerous for LGBT  people and women's health!
Please support the filibuster, no cloture, Gorsuch isn't a good choice.
Please oppose Gorsuch. Vote No! He is an anti-women's rights, pro Corporate and pro Hobby Lobby judge.
no #SCOTUS appointment for #illegitimatepresident president under FBI investigation. Time to shut down. #TrumpRussia
No gorsuch until FBI investigation is finished.
I urge you to take a firm stance & filibuster. No one on SCOTUS should be so partisan they cannot easily get majority vote.
I agree and support you in that effort from 98368. POTUS teetering on impeachment should have their apptmnts tabled until..
do you mean move backwards like the liberals?
Concerned enough to vote no on this stolen seat?
have u heard abt his ruling against kids with disabilities allowed access to edu was overturned? UNANIMOUSLY! #NoGorsuch
many of us do .
I'm one of your constituents. I'm absolutely opposed to filling the SC spot w/anyone other than Judge Garland, esp by Trump
we expect you to vote no and filibuster this stolen seat. Dems have to play hardball or will loose next election.
Thank you. Our country deserves answers about Russian influence on the election & within the Executive Branch before a vote
vote No on Gorsuch. #SupremelyExtreme
Vote Yes!
pls do your job and state firm at representing your constituents. American gov n laws can't not be taken for granted
Vote no on Gorsuch
Trump ran with him early on to shore up votes from the christ cons. please lets not go backwards. say no.
NO new judge on SCOTUS  until #TrumpRussia is all sorted out.
lol
Backwards is where you and PattyMurray are Taking all of us. #Vote4Gorsuch and Go Home
as your constituent, I support a no vote for Gorsuch. Spread the word to fellow senators, we want you to fight for us.
We need a senator that does her job, our state is a mess! Homeless in all the cities, tents everywhere violent protests!
Concerns??? Gorsuch's nomination is illegitimate..end of story!
time to slow down the hearings until the #Trumprussia issue is resolved. Then, vote NO.
Why wait if you're going to vote NO anyway?
Please vote no on Gorsuch. He has demonstrated will vote against interests of US people over and over.
Please vote no on this nominee. He would be horrible for our country's future.
Do NOT confirm.
Concerned???  I hope so!  Please do something about and and filibuster.
#NoGorsuch
i'm pretty sure you've tweeted this exact thing about Gorsuch before and basically every cabinet nominee.
TY @SenatorCantwell
YES! Please do not support!
@Murph111Bay A Trump nominee shouldn't even be considered while he is being investigated by the FBI
As one of your LGBT constituents, I have MASSIVE concerns.
@Murph111Bay someone like Merrick Garland
Vote him in and move on with it.
filibuster. We're better off with 8 for now.
Merrill Garland was denied even a hearing. The seat is his. Please make it happen.
Does he understand the constitution? Will he rule according to what the law actually says? That's all that matters.
Because if he doesn't, then law means nothing. And those elected to make law mean nothing. And the people mean nothing.
I agree.  Please vote "No" on Judge Gorsuch.
SCOTUS hearings should NOT continue while the trump admin is under investigation!
.@SenatorCantwell you voted for him in 2006, all of you democratic hypocrites did, where was your angst then? You are #unfit2govern
Both @SenatorCantwell and @PattyMurray have proven themselves to be partisan hacks over the Gorsuch nomination.
You keep saying that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Washington expects you to do what is right, and there is nothing to show that Gorsuch would be a SCOTUS for all Americans!
And what of the dilemma regarding giving him a hearing? It's just so wrong tht #Garland did not have a hearing. Stick w/ 8?
please hold out until someone more moderate is nominated. Maybe Garland?
Not their job to move the country
I have concerns about every single one of you in Congress.
RESIST!
Wrong! We need a judge to apply the law. We need people like you to make policy.
We need a SCOTUS that will not try to legislate from the bench... Like all LIBERAL judges do!?!
@SenatorCantwell At this point, any senator confirming a #SCOTUS justice other than Garland is violating their Oath. Record doesn't matter.
what specifically are your concerns?
Vote YES on Judge #Gorsuch. His record is mainstream and he applies the text of the laws, not his ideology.
glad to hear you say that. Please vote no on Gorsuch!
No Scotus appointment by #traitortrump
if you're concerned then you should vote no. Especially since it's a stolen seat from Garland.
have concerns but he is our best bet if you look at trumps whole list
Please do not vote for this confirmation!  We need an impartial justice for #SCOTUS
I do, too. He seems to favor corporations over individuals.
he will be confirmed #obstuctionist
your constituents have grave concerns too! Please commit to #FilibusterGorsuch now!
SCOTUS does not move country fwds or backwards it judges whether legal or illegal, stop corrupting courts w advocates
Specifically,  what are your concerns?
MERRICK GARLAND DESERVES A HEARING.
Hey, J. Your caps lock is stuck. Merrick Garland is so last year. Move forward.  #maga
Not moving "forward" by going backward with Gorsuch. MERRICK GARLAND
And twirling, always twirling.
