Funny. Jeff Sessions is so full of hate himself he can barely keep a lid on it anymore.
Lol, what does that mean?
I urge you to out law mask and sticks (clubs) at protest.. I wont even take company to Seattle because of the violence
Your unfairly bias masks are for protection against @SeattlePD  violence and stop being scared of wood u kill trees everyday  #tactics
Senators are in a bubble This one does not know what was yesterday news and today another one post She wants Trump assassinated #firethemall
Where were you when antifa and Blum rioted in Seattle? Crickets.
As if he isn't! Omg
Can you help rid Seattle of the Pedophile Mayor?  Help!!
The Dems are pushing the HATE! My God how is it possible for us to see this so differently?FAKE NEWS fuling this.

I just figured out what your name meant...Free" A"ll "T"ime "X"anax. Go get a job and leave me alone please. Have a good one

He is the hate he is ex kkk.i am from Alabama and knew him in the 60's.  Do not let him fool you
The hate is coming from the Democratic party. SHAME ON YOU. https://youtu.be/TUckUgpicZM 
That's just everywhere now !
Jeff Beauregard Sessions is even more of a racist than Trump. He won't speak out on this.
You have been in ofc 16 yrs/cant blame our mess on the new guy/Blame rests with divide 3 branches/2 parties/voted an agenda U wont pass/stop
The only hate in this country started with and continues from you fool libs. Kkk, antifa, blm, segregation, slavery. All democratic.
And the AG should start with Missouri's Dem senator Maria Chappell-Nadal!!
Hatred begins and must be end at the grassroots level.  Our communities must not tolerate hate and bigotry.
Yeah. Start with Antifa, BLM, Linda Sarsour, Chelsea Handler, Ashley Judd, Madonna, Rosie, Kathy Griffin...
EXACTLY
Stop using the American flag your missrepesenting America
AG Jeff Sessions inactions proves that gives hate crimes and domestic (good ole boys) terrorist a get out and never go to jail card.
Getting a racist to condemn racism is not going to happen.
Do you really think "good old boy" Jeffrey Beauregard Sessions will do anything but white wash what happened in Charlottesville?? Naive!
Call the murder of Heather as a terrorist attack, and attempted murder for the other victims of the plowing down.
He's more concerned with sanctuary cities.
Keep working to end the hate/division & "strongly urge" him to get Trumps permission to "address" the issue & stop the #fireandfury tweets.
Yes I would also. And I hope he charges you for saying you hope our President is assassinated. That is an attack also. Not in my state sen
Actually think he would do it? He is just as bad!
It's naive to believe Sessions, a lifelong racist, could possibly address racist hatred. Please have the courage to trust your own wisdom.
Please, please, please- trump must be impeached, that is the number one priority. he has to go. #ImpeachTrumpNow #impeach #ImpeachOrResign
Charlottesville Police Come Forward: We Were Told to “STAND DOWN” to Ignite Race War (Video) NO EXCUSES. TIRED OF LIES FROM DEMOCRATIC S!
AG Sessions is one of the biggest promoters of racism that you will ever see, urging him to do anything is a lost cause
It's politicians like YOU who are responsible for instilling the hate and violence and rioting. YOU are the guilty one.
The rise of hate- as you claim- is squarely on the Democrats for supporting leftist hate groups and trying to divide the country.
While you do nothing Sen Cantwell?
Is this the best you can do? Urging a racist to act is a false call to action, political pablum. #Cant-do-well
Good luck. @jeffsessions publicly approved of the KKK, until he found out they were cool w pot. Only his hate of pot outdoes his racism.
agree with you, but specifically, what do you want him to do?
I agree start with main stream media, BLM ANTIFA, WHITE SUPREMACY, ANARCHIST, CLINTON FOUNDATION, LORETTA LYNCH, AND THE LIST GOES ON.
Can we come up with a plan that doesn't involve AG Sessions doing the right thing when race and ethnicity are involved? Not his strong suit
You're asking a Klans man masquerading as the AG to stop what he and @POTUS help create. Pleassse! #Charlottesville
Yes! Let's start with the hate of BLM and Antifa. They are the epitome of it. The root.
Was BLM or Antifa behind the wheel of the car that killed #HeatherHeyer, or was that actually a white supremacist?
Sadly, it is not up to "someone" to do "something" but each of us must love from the heart for change to take place. How? Y'shua-Jesus 4 me.
Don't hold your breath..he is a rascist evil elf. Santa Claus hates him.
You know he won't. Resist harder please. More obstruction. Please represent us and stand up  against the rising fascism in our  midst.
Thank you Senator, impeach Trump now
trump is going to treat you the way you allowed hillary to be treated. its not hate, its justice
You urge whom? I think the guy you're looking for is Trump, and he's been peddling hatred for years now. Okay, Sessions, too. Pkgd deal.
The hate's coming from the left.
He probably agrees with putin... i mean trump, SCROTUM, or is it SCROTUS 
Start by putting Antifa thugs behind bars
Do you actually think this bigot will do anything but confirm that there was violence on both sides.....don't be naive!
Follow up with hatred toward our @potus. This must stop. The same people hating @realDonaldTrump call for condemnation of hatred #hypocrisy
Or do something besides suck up to trump
How about condemning POTUS for his remarks?
I am so sick of these racist Trumpsters! Sen. Cantwell, I support you!
Elected officials must take ACTION and #impeachOrBeComplicit
I would also like to urge the Democratic Party to abandon its centrism. This is the time for true leadership, centrism is not leadership.
Hate is a natural emotion and cannot be controlled Maria. I am not surprised you cannot comprehend that since you appear to hate the haters
Be specific. Say Nazi. Say White Supremacist. Say KKK. Otherwise they will think you are talking about BLM and antifa. Not the same thing.
Maria can't well,
I can.
To suggest this man as justice of any kind is a grave injustice.
https://plus.google.com/101840862776810780050/posts/2vYcWwa7U9q …
Ben, Russia hasn't been communist since the times of the USSR,so when you say who gives a shit about his issues-well see treason is BIG nono 
#separatechurchandstate

#apprehendthetreasonous
Yeah TeaPain, those darn pusillanimous "racists". They are the oppressors; it couldn't be their religion indoctrinating them hateful right? 
Fat chance of that- he LOVES hate!
You're serious?  Let's re-read Correta Scott-King's letter re Sessions. I urge you, Senator to lead and move congress towards impeachment.
Who are you kidding? He's not going to do this.
Sessions is a white supremacist
Asking a racially tone-deaf author of the Book of Hate to do the work of the Congress?! Get to work, Senator. Executive Branch is paralyzed
Please work to eliminate voter suppression laws such as those found in TX & NC
Do you actually do anything in the Senate? Seems like I only see or hear from you a year before you're up for reelection.
...or you can urge him to resign because he is enacting racist policies...
TRUMP2020!
He is the alarming rise of hate.
He's too focused on working to suppress voting rights.  Oh yes, and continuing to harass Hillary Clinton.  Busy guy.
Not going to happen
Thank you Sen. Cantwell
Yet what will he do?!?
Why dont u worry about WA this crap is happening in seattle but what do u care of ur consitiuents
Hey Senator, check out that Lenin statue. Right down your alley...
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, in 1986, a Senate committee denied him a federal judgeship. Sessions used the n-word, joked about the KKK
He won't. #sessions was denied federal judgeship amid allegations of racism & still was a shoe in for the AG job. #immigrants #VetsResist

Thank you for saying. I wouldn't hold my breath though. #sessionsisracisttoo #thewholeadministrationmustgo #keepfighting #condemntrump #race
HE'S PART OF THE PROBLEM!!!
You really need to be better informed, @SenatorCantwell. It was under @BarackObama, that race relations hit a 60 yr low.
Wake up, Maria!! All your legislation is NOTHING! Congress is a joke
Well, the string of hilarious @GOP failures to pass any sort of terrible healthcare reform sure is funny, so at least that part's right...
Investigate Nazi groups, KKK, and ANTIFA... destroy these HATE groups
Thank you for your interest in diffusing the nation's implosion. Please hold, Mr. Sessions will take your call in the order received. #SMH
The corruption is deep. #IMPEACHMENTNOW
Just for the alt-right or Antifa and BLM as well?
As soon as Antifa and BLM are calling for genocide and running people down in cars, rather than protecting clergy from Nazis, then sure
Let's begin by arresting ALL Antifa members. They are violent to the core and there are thousands of videos to prove it!
You cant possibly be serious. He's part of the problem!

Oh I thought this was satire. You do know that Sessions thinks his president was clear with his words re Charlottesville.
You can take him home
I like the house he is in now.
He doesn't.
Yes he does, but u keep believing fake news, and keep losing elections!
Good luck with that.
Good grief Senator, what a pandering statement. Pure politics to you. Just what are you doing, besides spouting nonsense?
What is AG Sessions to do? Should he act like AG Holder and throw gasoline on the fire?
Ya but we know he won't so that means Congress needs to act. #impeach
He won't do that because that conflicts with his KKK meetings
Bullshit
Try harder please. 25th Amendment or impeachment. Also, ask Bobby Three Sticks to get a move on.
We urge you senator Can't Well to end the senseless spewing of hate speech by you n your http://colleagues.like  u all did with Ferguson
Thank you!
They are checking DNA!!! Get in touch please.
Thank you for your effort, but Sessions is Trump's "man". Take stronger actions to remove treasonous white supremacists from office, now.
You can not depend on a racist to correct another person for being racist
Exactly.
Domestic terrorism Senstor, this is domestic terrorism.
On both sides.
Ugggghhh Sessions is the biggest racist of all. I expect action from you. Not platitudes.
why are you not in jail?
He can start by labeling KKK/WS grps as terrorists and stop hating on marijuana. Seriously, it's just like prohibition!
Calling for his resignation?
Thank you Senator.
Do you condemn Antifa and their tactics?
Trump and the GOP have David Dukes (KKK) endorsement.  So if you hate people, Trump and the GOP are the group for you.
Un-fucking-likely
Resigning his office would be a good start.
No hes too busy harass'n anti-45* website to turn over information abt organizers from the protest after the inauguration. Hes 45*s puppet!
Don't hold your breath,  he embodies hate
Terrorist attack
I think you're asking a racist to address the problem of racism.... Hmmmm. I hope it works out! #ImpeachTrump
#jeffsecessionist will do nothing. I urge you & all Senators to filibuster everything until @gop acts to #impeachtrump. Just read our emails
on ALL sides.
#FalseEquivalence
The response and leadership you are looking for is not in Sessions's wheelhouse, he will respond w hate, racism in kind
Thx, Ms. Cantwell. And, I need you to do more. Censure DJT. Force his hand. Don't approve his nominees. Whatever it takes.
Be sure to be specific. His idea of addressing it might not be what we want.
How about hearings on the White Nationalist movement?
Perhaps removing the president who endorses the hate would also be a good step.
Please make him do the right thing.
Good luck he's the king racist
But said nothing after Micah Johnson. Love the hypocrisy
