obstruct. I am a constituent 98121. Obstruct obstruct obstruct.
glad to see you did your job today keep it up
What are you doing!? You can't urge a dictator to do the right thing! Start impeachment proceedings! #StandUpToTrump
I cannot vote for you again unless you stand STRONG in this. Save our country. He is dismantling our democracy!
President Trump is protecting our country.  God bless him and our country.
Harmful? Amer safety 1st. Resign
As a Washingtonian , THANK YOU!!! 
Thank you for taking a strong stand!
Vote no on Sessions as he in agreement with Trump's policies and we will be worse off. Trump will surround himself agreers
#PresidentTrump is doing what we Americans voted for him to do. Stop blocking him and confirm @SenatorSessions NOW!
Thank you. Trump is out of control. Please 
 Witholding consent & object on all future approvals until the ban is lifted.
thank you. #resist
Thank you, Senator Cantwell! We can always count on you to fight the good fight!
Where are the conscientious Republicans?  What will get them to vote properly?
thank you! Also time to stand firm on horrible appointment confirmations... your constituents will back you!
Depending on you not to vote for Trump's crazy bigoted and right wing appointments.
Thank you for voting to block the order.
please withhold consent from all executive orders, and refuse to act on any executive order until ban Muslim ban lifted
Vote no on Sessions and DT's other picks Do not allow him to fill the SCOTUS spot keep it open for 4 years.
Gee Maria...where were you when BHO sent back 92 Cubans day before inaugural? Legal Immigration is a privilege not a right!
Thank you @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray and your Senate colleagues.
Thank you! I'm grateful to be a constituent of someone that's DOING something. 
get your sleep - something else is coming.
This is a national crisis. Withhold your Consent on all Senate business until this EO is rescinded.
Block everything!  No more business as usual!
Thank you, Maria Cantwell.
thank you!
Thank you Senator!
thank you for fighting the good fight. You are on the right side of history.
Jeff Sessions must go.  The reps may override, but we've got to say not.
Excellent!
thank you
Nothing should be allowed to be voted upon until the ban is lifted! It is critical that we stand against fascism!
We are so proud of you!
thank you! Now please vote no in all cabinet picks
Vote no on Sessions.
No.
THANK YOU
I suggest instead of worrying so much about refugees, you get to work for our vets, homeless, and other Americans in need.
Thank you! Keep standing our ground!
Excellent!!!
Thank you! Keep up the good work!
Thank You for your hard work! !!
Thank you!
that is action. Thanks for co-sponsoring these efforts. Expectations are high-prevent #outrageous #executiveorders
Thank you! Now vote NO on Sessions and DeVos!
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!
congratulations on being part of the problem. You and your supporters are an embarrassment to WA state
will you be blocking sessions tomorrow?
thank you!
Thank you! I'm proud to have you as a senator! 
NO BAN NO WALL. Thank you for fighting against this.
thank you! Continue to fight against this unamerican act.
thank you for your actions. Please also block Sessions!
Thank you!
#Hypocrites #mariacantwell
you need to get your staff working on getting your message to the masses. For example this had less 100 retweets and likes
Thank you! #Resistance
also, those bills are a waste of time. Trump has to sign them. Lol
Can you join committees that block trump in general... from presidency
Change your positions & side with President Trump's! In recent poll by Grassfire, 97.7% of 12,818 support extreme vetting of refugees!
where was your dissent when Obama created the framework to allow what Trump did? Nowhere. Thats right.
Thanks! Keep fighting, and don't be afraid to call in your supporters to help. We've got momentum. We've got posterboard.
If you want to block the ban, please also vote no on Sessions so we can keep current AG!
nice thought but she's prob fired now.
Too late. The Dems need to step it up and start impeachment proceedings. #StandUpToTrump
In case you are not aware what needs to happen for a bill to become law.... spoiler Prez to sign
the bill has to get to his desk first and *spoiler* senators like @SenatorCantwell can #withholdconsent
Seems like that kind of defeats the purpose of writing a bill. 

*spoiler* PR move
@PattyMurray Thank you, Senators!
Stay strong! Thank you!
thank you. Plz #witholdconsent for cabinet nominees until this ban is revoked and Bannon is off NSC.
YES .. bannon is real terrorist.
Thank you!
Keep gong Senator. We're behind you all the way.
Yes! Thank you.
Thank you!
