Will do, but are you going to vote no on Session and DeVos and the other horrible cabinet picks? Or is it just for show?
They are fucking doing that, now. It's sad af, but it's happening.
I am a WA resident and I expect action from you and @PattyMurray tweets aren't cutting it.
You will help make America sick again. Shame on you for that vote. You've been bought.
Thank you for representing us!
Thank you!
THANK YOU!!
I stand firm w/PP
You go Senator!  Keep the up the fight!  Women's March is the beginning!!
I read that you now plan to vote against DeVos! Bravo!
Please stand strong for human rights and urge your colleagues in the Senate to do the same!
Republicans aren't going to read my tweets.  I'm asking YOU to please support nothing Trump wants.
Quit demonizing Trump all ready! Get to work and nominate Pompeo. Quit dragging your feet. You don't make sense!
RESIST!  Everything the R's try to pass.
just another bleeding liberal Democrat that has screwed our state over for a long time. She needs to be replaced.
you are a sellout to big pharma @SenSanders his bill would of broken up the monopoly on prescription drugs.
@katie98026 @PPFA 
Thank you, ma'am. Women's health should not even be a controversial issue.
I want you and your colleagues  to stop Trump at every turn. Do not give in! Please keep Americans safe! It is critical!
I'll stand with you when you show some backbone in standing against Trump. Why have you supported his cabinet?
Thank you for standing with PP!  Thank you for your involvement with the Global HER Act!
Sen. Cantell,  Approve Sen. Jeff Sessions now.  Delay is costing the American people!
why did you vote against @SenSanders amendment for cheaper prescription drugs?
Abortion is NOT health care. It's legalized murder for convenience. Defund #PlannedParenthood
NO ON TILLERSON!!!!!!!!! I live in WA I am warching and I will not forget and I vote every single election!!!
I stand with you. Also ask you to vote no on Tom Price #StopPrice, since he is against ACA and wants to defund PP. #SwampCabinet
Killing babies is sick. 
And why does PP need federal funding if the ACA requires everyone to have insurance?
.@SenatorCantwell Defund PP.   @PPFA
#IStandWithPP
contact your WA State senate colleagues express opposition to abortion limiting SB5320 hearing Thursday Jan 26!
Please don't vote for Tom Price or Betsy DeVos
if you want to help Americans -why vote against a bill that would help us to get lower prices on prescription drugs?
you speak for all your constituents? You don't speak for me-I can easily come up w/500 more women in WA feel the same
this is why I never vote for you.
get your butt in their and become part of the solution. Geez,  it's not that complicated.
Federally defunding PPFA is the right thing to do. For those who support what they actually do, fund privately...

#BoycottTrump's inauguration & #StandWithJohnLewis: http://bit.ly/2jX0wl1  #Resist #UnitedResistance 
...unwilling to answer the question: are you attending the Trump inauguration, or will you stand up for what's right?
...and you can't answer a very simple question from a constituent? Are you just not reading these, or are you
still no answer to a simple question? Cantwell tweets but doesn't engage. I helped put you into this office with my vote,
Thank you!!
then why did you vote down Senator Sander's amendment?
Senator cantwell is a corporate whore to big phrama. They fund her to oppose making medicines cheaper.
No, you baby-killing hacks. I'm finished giving you my money and if I can make it stop by voting,that's what I'll do.
Will you be boycotting the inauguration and standing up for what's right, or will you be supporting the bully?
You need to engage with the people who elected you. There's more to Twitter than just posting key points.
You are using your twitter to just announce. How about answering a constituent's legit question?

Boycott the inauguration, please! 
PLEASE stand on the right side of history. Ban the inaugural nightmare.
why the vote against affordable RX?

TRAITOR TRAITOR TRAITOR TRAITOR TRAITOR
Please do not attend Trumps inauguration
Why did you vote against @SenSanders proposal for importing drugs that are much more affordable from Canada?
I hope You're attending the Bernie Rallies to save our health care on Jan 15th in Olympia, Seattle or Spokane.
but you dont mind us paying top dollar to #bigpharma .. http://leftgear.co/2017/01/13/pharma-13/ … #Pharma13
stands with Big Pharma and votes against Bernie's prescription drug amendment. Thanks for nothing Maria
You could have supported the bill on pharma from Canada, so, who believes you?
Hey sellout, why you stabbing Bernie in the back? We will never forget.
you ask for support and vote for big pharma against the people; I do not trust you any more!
you sold us out when you voted no on Sanders' bill 4 cheaper drugs! U lost my vote! I shall work 4 REAL progressives
Ok. But I note there are no equivalent tax funded clinics for uninsured & low income men of Washington state. Why?
you are an embarrassment.
Mario Cantwell you've lost our trust. You're a hypocrite. Congratulations, you're one of the people that the Earth is better off without.
you care about that, but dont mind us dying cuz we cant afford meds.  i hope all your family dies this week.
.@SenatorCantwell @PPFA Why did you vote against importing lower cost drugs?
you won't stand for it, but you will stand for getting paid to vote down cheaper medicine????
Please explain why you voted AGAINST lowering drug costs AND why you voted AGAINST Bernie - who yr constituents voted for!
Really?  Shame on you.
You just voted against making Drug Prices Cheaper that would help people when there sick.
Do you stand in solidarity of the treatment of @repjohnlewis by Trump? Boycott the inauguration. I want a public statement.
@repjohnlewis was attacked by the incoming President as someone who has never done anything. Are you boycotting ?
did you vote against allowing prescriptions drugs from Canada?
BUT you stood with Republicans against Bernie Sanders/Klobucher Bill to legalize lower cost drugs from Canada! WHY?
you & @PattyMurray just rejected amendment may have help save on Rx. My faith isn't exactly strong.
Maria, are you are saying Canada has unsafe drugs?! You know that's a lie... #BigPharmaLapDog #DemExit
.@SenatorCantwell @PPFA Shame on you. #pharma13

https://scontent.fbos1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/15940392_1233166916768251_2163712255389005363_n.jpg?oh=71293d2ba91542c780df65338e7b7604&oe=591BA8AB …

Could it have anything to do with the 59k you took from Big Pharma?!
Shame on you for voting against @SenSanders bill aimed at lowering the cost of prescription drugs. What were you thinking?
Then why did you vote AGAINST @SenSanders amendment?!  You owe us an explanation.

Why did you vote against Bernie Sanders amendment. Explain yourself. R u bought by big Pharma?
Defund PPH! Now!
You will not run for office unopposed again. We the people will challenge you.
SHAME SHAME SHAME YOU AND YOUR DONORS ARE GOING TO KILL US ALL. GROSS NEGLIGENCE AND WILLFUL MISGOVERNMENT. SHAME!
meanwhile you vote with your big pharma owners and AGAINST lower drug prices. The safety argument is b.s.



Sure! Should we stand with while you vote with repubs to keep drug prices high? WTF?
STOP ANTI-AMERICAN CONGRESS-  Dont take ACA away from 20MILLION - WE THE PEOPLE WANT IT!
I am so disappointed you sided with pharmaceutical companies over us. Voted for you every time, will not again.
I'm excited for 2018 when I will vote against you.
You are a #hypocrite If U cared about healthcare you wouldn't be in big pharma'a pocket. #shameful
you stand with planned Parenthood yet you voted against the women you represent having affordable meds?! Uh...I need both.
Sold us out for $59,000. Can you confirm if that number is accurate? Going to campaign for 2018? We'll remember.
Washington is embarrassed to have you as a Senator.
You should represent the people, not big pharma! http://bit.ly/2j5QtGQ 
we won't forget this. #demexit #ripDNC
Disappointed you voted againnst drugs from Canada.  This war has many battles. You must show up for all of them.
why vote against importing cheaper drugs from Canada?
... you voted against cheaper Rx ... people will die! What is your excuse??
as a PCO in Washington, we will hold you accountable for your voting record
Et tu Brute?  Shameful vote on Sanders' amendment. Please explain.
Hahaha! REALLY? This is a joke, right? Esp after you voted against @SenSanders bill. We Will Remember! #Coward
but you voted no on S. amdt 178? You sold us out. Looking forward to 2018!
People also get sick when they can't afford Rx medications. Do you have a statement prepared? We're very interested.
Maria you voted against cheaper drugs you also want america to be sick again
In late night victory for PhRMA, YOU help GOP block Americans from buying cheaper FDA-approved medicine from Canada. SHAME!
shame on you for voting no on cutting medicine cost!  Way to vote with GOP.
You hurt the American people by voting against the @BernieSanders amendment to lower drug prices? @realDonaldTrump
Why did you vote against S. Amdt 178?
but you voted against @SenSanders RX amendment. thanks for nothing.
... you voted against Bernie's Rx ammendment! SHAME ON YOU!!
You and Murray need to go!
your vote: nay! You're the problem! I'm telling everyone about your vote for big pharma!
then why did you vote against @SenSanders amendment to lower drug prices???
voted against cheaper prescription drugs. Explain why you blocked @SenSanders amendment.
His explanation was lame deflection, unsafe drugs, when actually pharma cash
@JAT2017 stand tough
The rich liberals could make up the loss with a fraction of their Trump rally stock market profits!
justwhat does it mean to stand with you are you coming to my house. Do I go to your office. Wow are you tough
What else can I do if my rep is a Dem?  I am a member & have donated   I am thankful that you & Patty will stand up!
@PPact WE WILL STAND BEHIND YOU!
Thanks for keeping up the fight. We've got your back.

