Thank you for voting no.
Not enough money in supporting them? If you're gonna sell out to big pharma, could you at least not be such a cheap date?
Why vote against lower drug costs from Canada?
Thank you, Senator for this vote. 4 in 5 ordinary Americans want ACA fixed, not repealed.
Yes thank you But why did you not vote for getting cheaper drugs from Canada - the safety argument doesn't fly.
Thank you Senator Cantwell.
Great, but why did you choose to side with Big Pharma on Can drug imports? They must give you big $. Not impressed!
Big Pharma didn't give u spit to justify a no vote on Sanders amendment!  So why???
And then you voted down @BernieSanders amendment to reduce pharma costs. Whose side are you on?
why did you vote against "cheaper" Canadian pharmaceutical drugs?
But you voted FOR  Big Pharma yesterday. BS on "safety concerns". Explain your vote.
WA voter and supporter of yours. Please give us an explanation of your vote on prescription drugs. Thank you!
@thedamnyankee2 @nytimes Why is Turtle smiling at taking away health insurance for Americans?
is that why you voted against Rx drugs from Canada? Because you care so much? Riiiiiight...
And U R proud of that?
while Americans slept, 2 corrupt WA Senators kept their drug prices HIGH! #BigPharmaWhores
@PattyMurray @SenCantwell
and you voted for big Pharma instead of my mom who would have cheaper prescriptions were it not for you and @CoryBooker
You voted against affordable medicine shameful
U don't even have the guts to admit that u voted to protect the profits of Big Pharma!  You are a #turncoat #liar!
you also voted no on pharma amendment that would help millions of people have access to life saving medicine. #RepresentUs
YET, you voted no on making #medicine cheaper for ALL AMERICANS! #SHAME #TRAITOR #RESIGN
and I will be voting to primary you in 2018
Thank you for voting NO. I appreciate your standing up for families like mine, who will lose our healthcare if the ACA is repealed. 
What about those that are priced out of prescription drugs?? There's more than one side to every vote and you voted wrong
thank you @SenatorCantwell and democrats for voting No
So why did you vote no on the Rx ammendment? Disappointed in this. Please help us understand.
appreciate this vote but disgusted with the RX vote... researching how financially tied you are to pharmaceutical companies
Why are you patting yourself on the back? Voted against lower Rx
Thank you! As a self-employed Seattleite watching every dollar,I depend on #Obamacare. Not perfect but necessary. @nytimes
you did a great job. Thank you on behalf of someone with a preexisting condition.
I'm sorry about your preexisting condition, but the GOP voted to end protection for preexisting conditions!
thank you for your courageous vote
She will not answer a question about this because she has no excuse. Her and Murray need to go.
And you voted against affordable drugs. Collect those lobby checks while you can.
what about amen 178? Please let the people know
Thank you!!
Thank you for voting no.
And tomorrow is Friday of a 3-day weekend, what ELSE can the Reps sweep under the radar? Report it all!
What was your reason for voting against Sen. Sanders amendment re: prescription drugs #BigPharma
Thank you Senator Cantwell. Keep up the good work. Man this is going to get tough. But we can do this. Yes we can. 
: "You are stealing healthcare from millions of Americans..."
That's why I voted for you.

#TheResistance
U do know that Sanders had an amendment that would have reduced the cost of medicine, & @SenatorCantwell blocked it, right?
why didn't you vote yes to lower Rx prices?
thank you for your dedication & service
You also voted no on lower cost medications, how much did you get in donations from pharmaceutical companies again?
This post actually disgusts me @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray yhe@least you could do was post about other stuff.Hypocrisy!
but you and @PattyMurray voted against drug imports from Canada.There is no safety issue and you know it.Shame on you both.
Thank you, Maria!  Keep up the fight....we are with you!!
You betrayed us in Washington with your NO vote to lower pres. drug prices.  I won't vote for you again.
didn't you also vote no on importing the exact same Rxs from Canada for significantly lower prices? Please explain to WA
no you did by not supporting Bernies bill
And you voted against more affordable drugs. You have to go.
please enough doublespeak. You voted no on lower drug prices. I'm a Seattle attorney who'll vote for real leftist in 2018.
I was also asleep when you voted not to allow imported Canadian pharmaceuticals into the US. Hypocrite.
we are counting on you and your colleagues to #SaveACA
You also voted NO on the Safe & Affordable Drugs from Canada Act, I'm absolutely disgusted that I voted for you!
3 million Type 1 insulin dependent could have found financial relief w/ Rx imports. Those 3Mil have familes that vote, too!
if they are so damned proud of themselves, why sneak around voting in the middle of the night?
You also voted against cheaper medicine.
Very disappointed in your vote against drug re-importation. You betrayed your constituents with this pro-BIg Pharma vote.
While Americans slept you rejected @SenSanders prescription legislation. Big Pharma must pay well
We need you on our side. Not big pharma's. Very disappointed in you as someone who voted for you.
and I voted against lowering pharmaceutical costs for Americans.  How much did they pay 4 ur soul? #PurgetheParty
Thank you!@nytimes
You had no problem when the Democrats stole wages from the entire country to fund it.
Cowards have to creep in the night.
You and @PattyMurray also voted NO to lower drug costs for everyone via imports from Canada. Way to be "progressive".
Thank you
"...stealing healthcare from millions"? This kind of inflammatory rhetoric is extremely unhelpful. You should know better.
I would also like to know why you and @PattyMurray voted NO on cheaper drugs. More transparency please
... ya ... and you voted against cheaper drugs ... what is a he difference! 
Why did you vote to keep drug prices high? 
S.Amdt.178 to S.Con.Res.3???
thank you, senator! Please fight for #ACA. It needs to be tinkered with, to be sure, but not replaced! #ACAWorks
thank you.
but voted against sanders bill. WA residents will vote you out for a real progressive! Big pharma girl is done!!!
http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00020#position … Sen Cantwell is right wing corporate puppet! @SenSanders @MMFlint @RBReich @blkagendareport
@FriendEden100 @SenatorCantwell @SenSanders @MMFlint @RBReich @blkagendareport That version included poison pills.
GOP specialty poisonpill legislation
Thank you, Senator Cantwell!
Thank you for taking a stand. Rough waters ahead. Not in a straight line, but I believe we will get there one day.
check opensecrets. Org to see what industry donated to your elected representatives
It will take more than voting "no."  Learn from the Tea Party and disrupt, disrupt, disrupt.
Thanks for casting the honorable and correct vote to help protect what took so long to implement in our country.
Thank you for fighting this cowardly midnight action that will put 1000's of Washingtonians at risk!
Her voting for big Pharma is cowardly @bostonsteamer @SenatorCantwell
Please explain...
http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00020 …

@bostonsteamer @SenatorCantwell
Not sure if cowardly, but certainly not in best interests of her constituents. She should answer for that vote
Then why did you vote against lowering prescription prices?   Seems part of the problem are people who are bought like you.
Thank you! You are protecting us all from GOP sponsored corporate greed. You are doing amazing work for America!
you also voted against cheaper drugs. Glad you want people to keep coverage and pay higher drug costs.
Unfortunately people who do evil things have no problems sleeping. No moral conscience!
if you had to have #Obamacare you would #repealACA in a heartbeat
You also voted "NEY" on Amed. 178. I take one prescription for rheumatoid and it costs $3800/month #lostmyvote
So do I, Amy. Just one month of Cimzia Pegol is nearly 3/4 of my monthly salary. Without it, LYMPHOMA!
HEARTBREAKING! Maybe one day, the people we trust and elect to fight for us... will actually do something.
I'll tell you this: I will fight tooth and nail to make sure the Senator pays dearly for this. #VoteHerOut !!
Thank you. @SenatorCantwell
Thank you! Keep voting to protect Americans and keep our essential #healthcare, and we'll keep you in office.
Thank you!
U voted against lower rx prices-Canada import.U joined w/GOP(most dems voted yes).U need to tell WA voters why.@JoyAnnReid
Thank you!
I am personally going to volunteer for whichever genuinely decent progressive candidate is chosen to primary you.
Shame on you for claiming to be a decent person. You made it clear you stand with 1% with your vote on RX prices.
I'm a WA resident, and thank you for your vote.
Yep, you sure did vote NO, on sanders 178 which would've helped thousands of people. Got pharma in your pocket or something
Thank you
People cannot afford medicine, but you voted against @SenSanders amendment to make medicine more affordable. Shame on you!
We are watching and very concerned.  How do we stop this?
Protest signatures get up and out and hold these people accountable
I'm seriously thinking about running or finding a good leader to unseat this Repub in my Leg. district.
I meant Congressional District.  I'm in the 8th Dist.  You in WA?  What's your Cong. Dist?
But you voted to keep prescription drugs expensive. So we can have our healthcare as long as we pay into the drug racket?
The people are with us
The pendulum of power will swing back to our house; make no mistake it is inevitable
Appreciate it and would like to know why you also voted against S.Amdt. 178 @amyklobuchar effort to lower drug prices?????
Hand in the pharmaceuticals lobbyists' cookie jar? Why vote NO to @amyklobuchar Amdt. 178 to lower drug prices?
The Republicans are shameful. Thank you for voting no, Senator.
She voted no on lower drug prices - @PattyAshley03 @SenatorCantwell
I understand. And she's looking at the bigger picture. I agree with her.
By voting with the GOP?  There is no bigger picture, If you don't reduce costs there is no ACA #naive  @PattyAshley03 @SenatorCantwell
As a freelancer, I am dismayed and scared for my future by this vote.
Yes, but you also voted AGAINST Sen. Klobuchar's RX amendment. Is a statement about this forthcoming?
Nope she will ignore herself right out of office
Thank you! Keep fighting for us!
Fight the good fight.
Thank you!
Great Job congress. Time to #MAGA.! drop the Mandate. !!!!!
Thank you.  I see the first thing to go were pre-existing conditions.  Nice job GOP
Why did you vote NO on Sanders's bill to import drugs from Canada?
My question is simply a question, not an accusation. @PattyMurray also voted NO on this bill & I wonder why.
Big Pharma is high on the list of evils in the USA, for sure. But my question remains...
Democrts are vry disappointing right now. Well, not just right now. But right now we need them.
Thanks!
Thank you, Senator.
thank you Senator Cantwell!
