Why not?  A number of Dems wanted him fired months ago. Now they change their minds?  How hypocritical.  Stop complaining.  Do something!
It's about time - dude should've been fired months ago.
Because @realDonaldTrump is trying to obstruct the Russian investigation.  What a fraud.
You mean the one nobody has evidence of?
Comrade, did you get your Wikileaks's information from Sputnik news like Trump did, quoting their propaganda?
Comey, Yates, Clapper, Feinstein, all have said no collusion no evidence. So what propaganda are you listening too?
No evidence of collusion doesn't equal no evidence of Russian interference in the election, which they all have acknowledged
And....
And he's obstructing the GD investigation into his campaign and the Russian interference.  Duh.
Again for which you have no evidence. Go on let them investigate.. Trump has nothing to fear.
Who knows.  Who cares.  Try a little work instead of this big pity party going on because Hillary lost.  She lost, now get over it.
Week instructions from his master the time is now, I've waited long enough, dt tweeted weeks ago playtime is over
Why now? B/c he's hiding something BIG! And, why did @jeffsessions have a say? He recused himself frm both #HillaryEmails & #trumpRussia
Do you support the idea of a special prosecutor?
You have to have EVIDENCE, there is none. These Dem leaders know there's none that's why there is no special prosecutor or investigation.
Because the Senate just approved the Deputy AG who then made a recomendation to fire Comey. Do your work faster so approvals are quicker!
It's not "shocking" at all. It's the righting of a wrong. If you can't get behind it then we shouldn't get behind you.
Shocking? WTH? Just a few months ago YOU were calling for his firing.
Because Comey's investigation was getting too close.
Please immediately request Sen. Grassley appoint a Special Independent Prosecutor
Let's also find out why he met with Russians today and banned US journalists but not Russian ones.
Because there is a massive cover up and consolidation of power happening and the Dems do NOTHING.
Get on with an independent investigation and find out. This should be Senate Dems ONLY task. Block everything.
Cuz he has a new non political Dem asst AG who could write what both sides of the aisle and the American people have been thinking re:Comey
COMEY ASKED 4 MONEY 4 FBI'S TRUMPF/RUSSIA INVESTIGATION. TRUMPF STIFLES THE INVESTIGATION. WHAT'S NEXT? LOCK DJT UP!
Trump should not be allowed to execute any policies until this mess resolved. Some other Republicans are obstructing justice! MUST STOP!
Pls fight this every step of the way--ask for indy prosecutor/outside counsel to investigate #TrumpRussia
We all know why, Senator. Please be a bit bolder in you assertions.
Trump is just draining the swamp.  You better start worrying about your babe Hillary.  FBI to investigate emails.
He was getting to close to the truth!
Um... Yates, Clapper, Feinstein, Comey, all have said same thing... No evidence, no collusion.
Because the FBI was a hairbredth from sinking Agent Orange and his whole gang.  Pretty obvious, eh?

As it had just come to light in the media, Comey asked for more funds for the Russia investigation. Need a independent prosecutor STAT!
What was revealed btwn then & now? #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
This is obstruction of justice! #ImpeachTrumpNow
They meet this week with Russians involved in the election hack. They need time to get their stories straight. Comey's firing provides that.
Clearly #Coverup #IndependentInvestigation NOW
I know #ComeyFiring was a rhetorical question, but, yeah, we all know why he was fired now.
The guy was not good at the work, red and blue both thought so until today, Shumer can't remember that this is what wanted yesterday
And Trump praised him for
Please demand a special prosecutor!
The worst part senator is he lied in his letter 2us. He didn't do it because Comey mistreated HRC, a lie. Comey didn't  tell him no investig
Stronger, louder, more #resist
You know why now. This is a bit disingenuous, isn't it?
Gettin hot in there!
Lol, there's no evidence.. Can't have investigation with no evidence. Stop asking and start listening.
Deep investigation, special prosecutor, and a complete halt on ALL trump agenda! Once found guilty ALL trump appointed people MUST GO!
Lol, No collusion no evidence, now what do you want them to investigate? Let's investigate the dems. for being misleading.
Jeff Sessions testified at his confirmation that he was recusing himself from Russia Investigation.  Now doesn't trust Comey to run it???
If he could fire Congress for investigating his and his campaigns Russia connections he would.
#HYPOCRITES
Less talk, more action. This is the time leaders stand up, not merely patter.
Why Now? Cause Rod Rosenstein was just placed TWO WEEKS AGO, thanks to your RESISTANCE. YOU Knew that already. Disingenuous
To give him a chance to incriminate himself.
Duh, coverup. But it won't work.
So what are you going to do about it?
I think we all know why.
You and your colleagues must do everything in your power to remove this dangerous man from office. Enough is enough.
Sessions & Trump finally had a reason to pounce, as #TrumpRussia was hot on their tails The hacking & $$ data provides striking collusion
Because his supporters are stupid and will not only buy it, but spread it around for him.
There's more than enough grounds to impeach and remove without even delving into #Russiagate  Get DJT & Co out b4 we turn into dictatorship
Because DOJ needed you to CONFIRM FBI directors BOSS for the firing to properly occur THANK YOU Dems for comfirming Rosenstein 94-6
why are Democrats so upset?? Did they lose their cover up???
yeah especially when Comey said there's no evidence of collusion
Comedy did NOT say that 
he sure did three times so did Clapper so did Yates so did Feinstein!!!!!
Yates said "I cannot reveal classified info" & Comey actually acknowledged an investigation on March 20th... where are you getting ur news
not from CNN like you are !!!!!!!!
ALL info re this admin needs to COME OUT NOW - from the press, from investigators, from EVERYWHERE!!! Let him be BURIED in FACTS!!!
Boo hoo!!!! Ya'll are embarrassing.
Had to wait until Trump was cleared of Russia collusion.
Please do what you can to find the truth. Thank you.
We need a SPECIAL PROSECUTOR or INDEPENDENT COMMISSION. Trump is destroying our DEMOCRACY.
Says a libtard who couldn't handle a loss. Shut up cupcake
It's  your job to find out.
