thank you! We need you to continue the fight and stay visible and loud!
Great! Thank you! (I would expect no less)
shame on you!
Humm maybe one of those red states, Washington supports would like you
thank you. please keep fighting! big money needs to be removed from the political process
applaud your no to Sessions, but we still remember your nay vote to allow Americans to import lowcost medicine from Canada.
@kimmie8264   Thank u for your vote
I'm your constituent and I support you! Keep fighting for us 
thank you
Thank you for continuing to fight the good fight. So far to go yet, please stay strong & know we are proud of your work.
Thank you
THANK YOU!
Thank you, Senator.
continue voting NO to anything Trump/ Bannon come up with.
thank you!
thank you. I'm proud that you're my Senator.
thank you! Please continue to stand strong for WA and our country.  We need you now more than ever with the appalling DT.
Thank you @SenatorCantwell from a grateful constituent
shame on you!  You put politics before the welfare of our country!  Sessions 10x better than Holder and Lynch
thank you senator for voting no against a man who's philosophical idea'sMatch those beliefs of the KKK.
Thank you!  Keep fighting!
Thank you!
Of course you did on party lines alone.  Will you accomplish anything in the next 4 years?  NO.  The Dems are lame ducks!
Thank you!
thank you so much
I won't forget that you did
Keep up the good fight, but *please* Dems, get on a unified, consistent & powerful message. Majority & morals r behind you
 shocking.
Thank you. He knows we are watching.
thank you wholeheartedly from a WA voter (98102). Please keep fighting for democracy and voters' rights!
thank you for standing up for ALL Washingtonians.
As a constituent, thank you for standing up for our values.
Thank you, Senator, for standing up for your constituents! We are proud of you!
Thank you, Senator Cantwell. Proud to have you represent Washington state.
Thank you Sen. Cantwell
Thanks for voting #noDevos  and #NoSessions. Please vote #nopruitt & #NoMnuchin & #NoPuzder. Stay strong for real people.
Thank you for supporting justice and integrity. I am proud to be represented by you in the Senate!
as a constituent I say "Thank you!"
Thank you, @SenatorCantwell!
Thank you. WA citizens appreciate your fight.
thank you.
Thank you, Maria!
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for us. Please keep it up.
That's too bad,but expected.
Just shows your just a follower and not a leader.  Shame on you, wish my state had term limits so we could get someone else
Thank you!!
Thank you.
thank you!
Well it's you time to get voted out. I will do everything zitom@byui.edu can to see that happens.  Goodbye
thank you!!
thank you!
And, decent American are grateful.
thank you for standing up against this insanity. The twisted view of America these bigots revel in needs to be derailed
thank you
THANK YOU @SenatorCantwell
Thank you. Please keep up the fight!
Thank you from NC. I know my Senators weren't as enlightened as you.
Thank you Senator Cantwell.   #Sessions
thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you
Thank you for your vote.
Thank you
Yes, and I'm so proud of you and Senator Murray.  Thank you again for listening to your constituents.
Thank you 4 voting no on #Sessions
!correct vote, thank you!!
thank you.
shame on you, sleep good tonight
As if we didn't already know. Sad how the Democrat party has embraced communism, Islam, and anarchy for platform.
Thank you.
of course you did. According to you,he probably burns puppies alive
@kimmie8264 Thank you for being a human being!
What a mess.  Let's all go to Nordstrom and buy some stuff.
Thank you
yup...heard it on C span.
Pandering 101
thank you senator.
Thank you. Keep fighting for us.
And you lost!
Thank you Senator Cantwell!!!
Thank you
your "colleague" Manchin went w/KKK option.
thanks
The Resistance  thanks you
good job
Thank you! It was the right decision.
lost again. When are you up for re-election?  Never voted for you. Won't again.
in 2018
oh boy!!!! Gonna be fun. 
difficult but not impossible. If you want to help, you can tweet the state GOP. I did 
thank you, Senator. Please keep fighting for us
good job!
But of course you did. But that shouldn't matter, because term limits make sense, you don't.
thanks anyway
Thank you for your continued fight!.. #TheResistance
Why are you dressed like a Communist guerrilla in your avatar?
thank you!
Thank you.
thank you for standing up for civil rights. #resist all the nominees.

thank you
Thank you for standing for the US and our moral center
Thank you.
thank you for standing up to racism and homophobia!
I'm proud you represent me and all of WA. Keep supporting for tolerance, equality and true democracy.
Thank you, Senator!
Respect to you, Sen. Cantwell ~ America stands ready to fight for what you spineless colleagues wouldn't.
Thank you, Senator.
it seems that no matter what we do, it's never enough and Trump gets his way. It seems there is no hope.
thank you
still wish you would have voted no on all of them. Not that it would change the outcome, but it'd show some integrity.
#Loser #MAGA
We are proud to call you our Senator!
thank you
Good. It's a start. You will have to be proactive when it comes to protecting WA residents from this onslaught.
It's because you are a classic DemocRAT.
Thank you!
Thank you. We lost this time, but your efforts will be remembered.
thank you!!!
Don't worry, you can still visit Hillary when she goes to the slammer. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Thank you.
proud you voted "no" - disheartened he was still confirmed. we need a win.
Thank you for voting no
thank u
I Am going to publish UR lies U & DEMS made up on
#Sessions in due time
Dream on!
congratulations. ...Unlike Dems our memory is long term we will remember this an allll the hold ups Dems have caused.
Thank you, Senator.
I would certainly hope so
THANK YOU, MY SENATOR!
As a constituent I find that extremely troubling.
thank you
Thank you Senator! Keep up the good fight for us.
thank you but why couldn't you sway other votes ...it seems to me people in congress dropped the ball and want lame praise
You have no power for a reason. The people of the USA know your lies.
thank you!  Please keep fighting the good fight!
thank you
Thank you, Senator.  Please keep fighting.
Ah who cares, he got in
thank you
Thanks Senator. We're not giving up. Stand strong and keep fighting. Please oppose Price, Pruitt, Mnuchin.
Ditto. And Puzder. signed, A Constituent
Yes! Puzder is a NO vote, please, on behalf of this constituent.
Who cares Drone !
NO one cares geez
Thank you!
Thank you. I hope you take the opportunity to tell your colleague @Sen_JoeManchin that Dems will not forget his vote either
thank you!
Thank you for trying, Senator. He is a dangerous bigot. Many of us hope his damaging influence can be minimized somehow.
and u also voted NO on Bernie Sanders bill for import of cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.
follow the money-check her campaign donations.
Of Course you did. Whoo hoo! You lost! @jeffsessions IS Our New Attorney General!! Yay!!!
<--blocked for Willful Ignorance #TOTT
@SenatorCantwell @jeffsessions
my bellweather is how much you progs while and scream, then I know to take a closer look...
thank you Maria
we will see you gone next.
you always get my vote Maria and I live in the state you live in so that helps
Which is why I'm proud to call you MY SENATOR, and always vote for you and help when I can!
Thank you. I appreciate the work you're doing to resist.
Thank you... it's a railroad and thank you for doing your part.
thank you
