I do not support DACA
You must be dreaming!  Solution: #DreamersBuildtheWall from the Mexican side!!
Dreamers is just a nice way of saying illegal immigrant. Of course business want people who will cut the throats of tax paying Americans.
No...no they don't...see thats the problem, you THINK they do...
Where are you getting a minority. Because you think its good?
Sad Trump is Shrinking his Base He Won't Listen to General Kelly @CNN @MSNBC Fantastic Work !
I believe the majority of American believe that immigrants should go through a naturalization process.
Many of the citizens you are supposed to represent disagree with you have you thought to ask us or do you think you know best?
Don't complain 2 the voters work as a group from both sides of the aisle. That was what was done when I was young and you all have forgotten
Wrong! We support creating a pathway to legal status. Continuing this program just provides incentive for others to try it.
Maria Cantwell, your days in office are numbered. It is time Americans come before illegals. America is waking up to globalist commies.
No, you made that up.
Where are we with this important vote Senator Cantwell. Every day is agony for our Dreamers
Wrong. We have laws. We'd prefer they be enforced. #TermLimits
They are still illegal! Are you going to shut the prisons down and let those who only committed a few crimes go? What is wrong with you!
the Majority huh, the majority what Illegals????? Because that's all I have every heard of who support them, oh and also the Liberals!
Thats cause u can get illegals to vote for  u.  A US Senator that refuses to follow American Law term limits cantdowell!!!!!!
Ask pelosi what she really thinks after her last town hall the lib dems created this monster now its here to eat u
Thank you Senator for working to Defend DREAMers! #DACA
You mean breaking the law
Then get off twitter and do you damn job. I didn't know a senators job was focus on tweets and not to write laws. Shameful useless
Not should they receive benefits or be able to vote without first first becoming a US citizen
You passed the laws. There here illegally. Must deport. get off your ass stop complaining change the laws. You say one thing and do another
No one asked me either, fake ass poll
Senator Cantwell - please help the Dreamers.  They are the cream of the crop of the Latino community, the leaders of the next generation.
That is just not true at all they have taken our jobs murdered our families and took over our state benefits
Dangerous*
I beg to differ
Where are your facts supporting this statement? Can't make unfounded statements such as this, especially a US Senator. #SoIrresponsible
But they can and they do. Every day.
Do they also know the current issue with DACA is because YOU failed to do your job as the Legislative branch and create a law?...
Where did you get stats? No one asked for my vote and I do not support. Maybe your stats are a little skewed
nope
That's a lie!  Americans DON'T want amnesty and Dream act.  Your polls are not accurate.  Businesses are not elected to get make our laws.
Inlinked and utube davidrobertson and e davudrobertson about gagged cuffed and busted up and lot money theft backpay names were mentioned
App inlinked and u tube
Im inlinked u tube e david robertson/ david robertson \inlinked ten min vidieo and 6 min wasted days night other discr and malice lot of
Don't let this Shit fool Americans.. FACT IS The Majority of Drug Cartels children are on DACA #MilkingTheSystem
Typical liberal lies. You're a continual disgrace to the post.
Um...no we don't 
“Majority”. Please cite your source
Uhhh no!  Most of us do NOT support DACA.
you had 8 yr of o to pass a LAW to help dreamers.  you let them down. SHAME ON YOU.
Just throw it out there and make it like it's a fact. 77% of the people disagree so where did u get ur facts from 
I got mine the same place u got urs out of thin air 
Nah
Not true. Another lie of yours.
So they can pay them a lot less and more profit for them yea we get it 
#MoreLies
Wrong again
No actually the majority of American Citizens want illegal aliens deported
That's  not true, more then half are on welfare ,Medicaid  and our people http://pay.How  many are in gangs? Cheap LABOR  unit good.
Memo to Sen.Cantwell: They are here ILLEGALLY. Make a special deal and they become a lobbying group for next group of illegals.
The majority are silent and business wants cheap labor. They have to go back (along with their  parents).
I'm against the business leaders because they were supposed to check &make sure they hired legally. They are violating American for profit.
This business thing, the smooth pass that they were already required to check to hire legally, makes me wonder why you back Them?
The same should apply to American families. And how would anyone possibly know that majority supports. Geez
Where can American read what daca addresses and how wide its scope in the coming years?
Ie what about their family who came as adults? Daca says what re new illegal minor traffic? What precedent does this out out for future?
You are spitting in the face of us who followed the law & applied properly to became citizens.  Based on US history, you are a traitor.
The majority of the American people also support #MedicareForAll, but you still won't support that.
No they don't-Business wants cheap labor-US workers havnt had raise in 20+ yrs-If law ignored, we become just like the countries they fled.
The majority of the contributing Americans do not support DACA they support the wall
No one contacted me, 98337, I say ship their Illegal Asses back to Whence they came, let them go thru the PROPER CHANNELS!!!
No Maria, the majority of Americans support following our laws!
Who were surveyed?  No one contacted me.  
This “majority” is based on a non-scientific poll — an online survey, and is not representative. #DACA was simply unconstitutional.
