Uh, Senator Cantwell, Bernie Sanders does not put my gay husband, who is Mexican, and our four children, who are Mexican, (1)
doesn't work as automation engineer we are streamlining operations everyday. $15 won't work
Thank you!!!!!
If you are not top few % how do you ever plan to retire or afford healthcare? You won't. Urge congress to allocate its spending so you can.
You had such an opportunity to lead strong in the primary. Please apologize to we, the people of Washington state, who you disrespected .
We need to spend Fed revenue on things that help the people. Not focus on small tax cuts. Think long game folks, not short term pops!
What about putting your constituents before corporations? You vote for corporations too often, ma'am. Get money out of politics!
To force a minimum wage without merit is to lower the standard of living for ALL.
Raise the cost of living.
Don't forget state government workers national under compensated and forgotten.
#PipePuzzleFunia #clickHere  http://apple.co/2owrZYk  #NFLDraft #fyrefestival #Billboards2017
#BuyBonAppétitOniTunes #ProblematicKidsShows
Or make it illegal to hire low skill workers. min wage was first dreamt up as a eugenics plot.
One option to replace the shortfall in tax revenue. Big increase (20 - 25)  in min wage = big increase in taxable income.
Still very upset with you for not standing with we, the people of Washington state, during the primary. You had the power to lead strong .
Yes yes yes!
We should be talking about a National pension. How can workers ever retire otherwise? Unless you are top few % you can't.
pay attention to increase to WA increase to min wage it has increased cost of most items
#ReTweet new book The Beauty And The Betrayal Of Business http://amazon.com/dp/150259305X  Inspirational Business #Success #Quotes #Advice & #Satire
Sanders is a shameless fraud...nothing more, nothing less!
Abortion access is an economic issue for millions of working women. When will @SenSanders take progressive leadership on that issue?
Thanks for doing something progressive
Seriously?
Yes and get on board the #UniversalHealthCareNow train. Down with insurance companies. Let our healthcare $ got to care & providers Save $ 2
Time to win 2018 congressional midterm elections. 
Yes, time to support American workers and end the Dem Party H1b visa fraud scam still being promoted by corrupt Bill Richardson. 
Hello ur supporting bernie now little late for that, why democrats have turned into morons
#McCainSanders2020 everyone! Let the old losers have a turn together before they croak: plus they'd make a great team! #Unstoppable
More tax money for you to legislate into a pay raise right?
It should be a requirement for all congressmen to take Econ 101. #minimumwage has been proven time and again to be a job killer.
Senators, please join forces and stop #H1B guest worker visa program scam. It is used by corps to take well paying jobs and send overseas.
US politicians of either party or corps like Facebook who promote this w excuse that we don't have talent here are traitors to Am workers.
Glad to see that more are speaking for the working class in the Dem party. Trying to limit your base to the elite is not our gig. Pro worker
Walk the walk, join the Progressive Caucus
Take it from someone who actually works less than a dollar above min wage. Its a completely "liveable" wage if you live within your means.
I.e. if your faced with the choice between food or the new iPhone, buy food.
They never actually worked for minimum wage, they only pretend to care so they can make more money off creating a false sense of entitlement
Thank you!
and our youngest, who is a transgender, as priority for him or the DNC. And my husband and I, and our eldest kid, work our asses off
to make it as a family of six. BS does not speak nor advocate for me or my family, and I don't know why you think he is an ally.
What was the point of saying your kid is transgender? VIRTUE SIGNAL!
Progress! Thank you for joining @SenSanders on this great mission. @steve4house
Even so called businessmen seem to not understand that when ppl are paid more, business is better. But there's hope.
Lotta morons on this thread apparently can't use The Google. The right wing taking points have been debunked over & over & over fuckwits.
Raising the minimum wage won't help, don't you know anything about economics?
I will try to remain optimistic, although historically corporations haven't given a shit about workers.
You're an idiot. Corporations have lifted MILLIONS out of poverty. Youre using a corporate site to get updates from your glorious leader!
Do you support Medicare for All?
Will you support drug imports please?
It's ok. Washington state is a little different.
You really Don't understand how this works do you?
You guys raise #MInimumWage just so you can tax the poor.  That's what you did in Washington State. This is indirect taxing of small biz.
Pretty hard for consumers to buy what smallbiz offers if they can barely support thmslvs. Push for grad income tax in our state, much better
Doesn't work, Washington State did it and had to spike it this year. Highest minimum wage but still poor in Washington.
@dawgfan7860 @Booklov2 @SenatorCantwell @SenSanders @PattyMurray   Min wage WA state $11. Very high sales tax tho- regressive. $0 incometx.
Yes the wage needs to rise some. But there would be no wages without corporations if ya think about it.
There would be no corporations without customers, there are no customers without well paid employees.
I'm wondering if you really don't understand economics or if you're campaigning.
Campaigning.
Too bad you don't help them. Always an excuse.
Do you feel the same about Medicare for all, too? Hell, you may as well jump in balls deep. Right?
Another liberal wack  job that never signed a pay check. TellS you how to spend your $$. If I still had a business I say screw you and close
She is garbage!  She took money from big pharma while shooting down cheap drugs from Canada!!
Big pharma money is the worst after 'defense/Saudi' money and Saudi money directly taken as by 'most qualified' Hilary Clinton. 
The unemployment rate may uptick slightly, but for positive reasons— more individuals re-entering the workforce
Thank you!
Now support H.R.676!
Bunch of kooks. #Period
