I'm a Vet. This isn't true!
Thank you, Madam Senator
http://khn.org/morning-breakout/price-defends-trumps-budget-plan-for-medicaid-saying-a-reduction-in-growth-is-not-a-cut/ …   What?
provide ur financial analysis with evidence that shows every medicaid $ is managed appropriately & where vets would lose care
Thank you for your efforts on behalf of US citizens. We are in this together! #HoldtheFloor #NoBillNoVote #noAHCA #NoTrumpCare 
#Medicaid #HoldTheFloor Senator I need my healthcare. Please fight.
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for WA
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
Veterans have VA, you do know that don't you, now what about medicaid
Shut down the Senate Maria! Your counterparts only care about getting tax breaks for their wealthy masters! Demand debate
So what u r saying is the only ones that pay taxes r the wealthy. That MC do not pay taxes and dont deserve a break. Good to know
Where were you when Veterans were getting cut from the VA? Where were you when Vets were dying to get into the VA?!
Will you filibuster by amendment?
Thank you for standing up for us, you were fabulous on the senate floor tonight Senator Cantwell.
#HoldTheFloor. Thank you
You seem to make a lot of untrue statements. Where is this info.
Let it happen. How else will the country wake up from the "stupidity fog" that has enveloped the country!
Filibuster, filibuster by amendment, and withhold consent. We support you in doing everything you can to stop this!
Is your strategy to Tweet your resistance, or will you DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT?!
It isn't in the bill Dear
#dems_are__such_LIARs  Scare tactics aren't working, sweetie.  Try something different - like THE TRUTH
Yes you can. There are people on it and they can work. I live in constant daily pain. I work full time. My pain was caused by levaquin!!!
Medicaid has been overspending for many years.They let patients get every test imaginable while Medicare (workers paid for it) got huge cuts
Why would @SenDeanHeller allow the #GOP to take away health care for veterans? #shame #VoteNoAHCA
Then keep pushing the shameful secretive R's in front of the public.  Name names.
Oh no playing the Veteran card-you mean business. Just like the ACA ads. Throw in' grandma off the cliff!
Are you going to exercise your right to unlimited amendments to this reconciliation bill? Please stall it until 2018!
Here's a thought! Cancel summer recess get to work getting things done! Your wk schdl 133 days Me 240 days! WOW, lots of time to fund raise
thank you. this is such an important, easily overlooked aspect to #Trumpcare.  Greetings from @IndivisibleCoup . #indivisible
Withhold consent & filibuster. Please. Thank you.

@SenatorCantwell has not cared about Washington State for years. Corrupt. Drain the SWAMP.
THANK YOU!!!
Single-payer now,  Sen Cantwell.   Washingtonians are watching.
Quit talking and do something about it. Compromise and work with the Republicans. Stop the division!
#holdthefloor thanks!
Senator, can you see what you can do about wobbly-legs @jontester? Cutting off health insurance for 23M seems to have him not too worried.
@SenatorCantwell thank you for speaking on behalf of my family.
It is not going to cut coverage for veterans! Quit lying!
Go, Maria!  Fight for us!
Keep fighting Senator!  Thank you
Please #HoldTheFloor #Trumpcare is GOP'S version of #AmericanGenocide #23million #NoTrumpCare #NoAHCA #ResistGOPcare #ProtectOurCare
Please reach across the isle and let them know America deserves affordable healthcare.
So now you're interested in veterans? Where you been while VA been killing them? Both you and Murray. #Where?
Thank you Senator Cantwell
Don't forget about those of us not on Medicaid but who have pre-existing conditions or are in age range for massive hike in premiums.
And please don't allow them to roll back the Medicaid expansion which allowed my 14yr old disabled daughter get the Medical care she needed!
Pls keep trying to block and delay and stop this unprecedented vote by Rs. It isn't obstruction when you are standing up for what's right.
Thank you for fighting for the American people.
Got news for you, IF ITS TRUE, neither will us republicans!! @POTUS
I need you Maria, you and Patty need to block passing a healthcare law that will kill me and 23 million Americans
What a load of crap.
Thank you Senator Cantwell! We appreciate all that you do!
no cuts for any patients at all
Do something
yea we see why military gave obama a 15 percent approval rating
