say No to Gorsuch!
He was brilliant and JUDICIAL. He has more than proven his ethics and decency. You are deliberately slandering his integrity and honesty
It's not about their own judicial philosophy.  It's about establishing laws within the Constitution framework and not for activism sake.
Trump`s 2020 Campaign has technically started. Dems should block  Gorsach on same grounds, NO APPOINTEE DURING CAMPAIGN! McConnell`s words!
He appears to discriminate.  Not a judge I want in our highest court.
Can you talk to @Sen_JoeManchin please?
Thank you.
I appreciate your careful assessment and totally agree. Thank you.
Thanks SenatorCantwell ..I'm happy to hear you say this. You're the best.
Yes. Don't put him in!
Thank you Senator. 
#STOPGORSUCH 
#STANDINDIVISIBLE
I think that's a grossly inaccurate description of Judge Gorsuchs testimony to the Judiciary Committee Senator #Gorsuch #GorsuchHearing
u can support illegals coming into America and cities who harbor them but not a judge like Gorsuch. Wow. Scary
that's because you hate the constitution
Did you confirm him in 2006? Why not now ?
Puyallup voter here....hold firm no cooperation until we know how legitimate this administration is
Thank you for this one senator.
It's not going to make a bit of difference now is it. He will still be confirmed despite all theatrics & DEM drama
You are being dishonest Maria. You know there are things potential jurists cannot discuss in public hearings.
Thank you!
Love you Maria!!
Thank you!!!
Thank you! #45 should get no #SCOTUS nom until we know he isn't working for #Russia
@POTUS @AGJeffSession      UUHH.. Arent you the first legislature top row??
U should b able to determine philosophy by his rulings. It looks as if he decides things based on law/constitution. What's wrong w that?
Thank you for thinking of others other than Partisanship!
#RESIST
He is waiting for Nunes to bring his marching orders from the WH before he can answer that question.
Thank you, Senator
Thank you SO MUCH for speaking your conscience. 
What does background about judicial philosophy mean.  I doubt if he would  knowswhat you are writing about.  I don't.
Unlike Ruth bader Ginsberg who gave us so much information...not!
Thank you senator!!
Thx Senator! Now please convince ten other @SenateGOP to do the same. At the same time urge @SenateDems to vote with their party!
Thanks 4 ur common sense tenacity & ur courage! Dems r making a comeback & constituents r pleased, proud & hopeful!
Thank you!  His confirmation hearings were an mockery of the whole process!
Yeah Patty Murray better do the same.
THANK YOU!!!
And for cloture, yes or no?
there are 10 years of decisions to look at! What more could you possibly need?
What his philosophy is to follow the constitution. What dont u understand about that?
Thank you from Bellevue, Senator!
Thank you.
Thank you on behalf of women nationwide
Thank you for voting no! He is too conservative and no lifetime appointments while WH & Trump are under criminal investigation!
@puppymnkey @seattlepi Thank you Senator
Please help other senators to realize this!
@puppymnkey @seattlepi thank you, Senator
Thank you. He should not even be considered until Garland is. @SenMajLeader thinks rules don't apply to him. Dems should do the same.
You are my Sen and I thank you.
really then how did Obama get elected? How did Joh Kerry get elected. Really now?
Thank you... from a constituent who will be holding my senators accountable.
thank you, it took a while for you to get there but you made the right choice.
Dems are such poor losers!!!
And he refused to meet with Senators Cortez, Harris or Duckworth!
Vote no
Thank you Senator Cantwell!
Thank you for standing strong!!!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you!  Glad you are my senator.
If you are so dense you can't figure out what Gorsuch's philosophy, how do you figure out which leg to put in  you pants first?
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator Cantwell.
Thank You!
Good job Maria!! #8isgreat.. try Merritt Garland... I bet he would shine!!
Thank you, Senator! I'm glad to have voted for you!
THANK YOU, SENATOR! So nice to see clear, level-headed thinking. Hardly recognize this country anymore. Thanks for giving me a glimpse.
Your "no" vote is meaningless unless you support a filibuster.
@citizengatsby thank you!
Are you going to call for other Democrats to filibuster him?
@rachels_aria @seattlepi thank you  SenatorCantwell many of us feel this man should not be a #SCOTUS
Just like the Dem-nominated folks? #HypocriteMuch?
Irv, why didn't McConnell and Republican even allow a hearing for Merrick Garland, Obama's nomination for SCOUTS for almost ALL of 2016?
That should read "Republicans" ... and "SCOTUS"
What a bunch of crap, he will he confirmed!
Thank you for this! I am so grateful for your sound leadership! Please keep protecting my civil rights!
If you didn't know anything about his judicial philosophy, why did you vote to confirm him in 2006?
Good. Never give in
Thank you !
@PrincessBravato 
Thank you Sen Cantwell.
People across the country benefit from your wise choice.
.Senator.... 
Your disserves to this State borders on treason.
.
Once more, in English this time...?
You shouldn't vote to confirm him anyway. It's a stolen seat
The reason should be "because this is a stolen seat". Citing other complaints allow the GOP to get away w/ this theft.
Thank you Senator!!!!
Thank you!
Always proud to call you my Senator.
