Some places already have double costs now along with 10x deductables.  Your point?
Have you ever had to choose between paying your mortgage or going to get your first blood gushing hemorrhoid treated?
We had a problem of unaffordable health insurance. The "A"CA made it worse.
20 million people disagree. But you're not into facts are you
There not the ones paying for it!  Obviously, either are you!
Actually I pay $300 a month. Your entitlement and ignorance are showing though.
Actually, my went up over $300 a month, thank you very much, getting it cheap while others pay for it!
Well if your faith is strong you don't need modern medicine, just pray. And let nature take it's course.
That's nonsense. Making things up doesn't bode well for your chosen career.
There isn't a word about doubling. Blame the insurance companies, not the ACA. You must get your coverage elsewhere.
Additionally, there are other people in the world besides you. Sometimes we sacrifice to benefit others.
@mochakittykat SCARY!!
SAD!
That too!!
@RepZoeLofgren we've always had a emergency healthcare system...the patients just weren't footing the bill...
Free markets everywhere disagree. Socialism disables and silences the poor. Capitalism is the only answer to the pleading poor.
that's why countries with government healthcare systems have longer life expectancy and cheaper health care than the US?
European health care is not comparable to US and never has been. Comparisons are never apples to apples.
Why shouldn't their life expectancies and costs be compared, are Americans a different species?
because their smaller individual systems are fiscally unsustainable with our population.
really, got any evidence of that? Why no economies of scale? Japan does pretty well.
bottom line: universal systems are all eventually unsustainable without rationing of care. http://www.oecd.org/health/healthcarecostsunsustainableinadvancedeconomieswithoutreform.htm …
but they are nevertheless achieving better outcomes cheaper
this is the same incompetent partisan CBO that claimed Obamacare wouldn't add to the deficit and the lib media swallows everytime
the Republicans budget for the next few years in Congress is higher than any past Congress under the Obama administration
at least republicans have produced a budget...
@MiaFarrow are you all that stupid???? Really???? Give me a break!!!
that would be some relief, you dumbasses, mine have doubled in three years under barrycare.
How come no one blames the insurance companies taking advantage of a private market service delivery system? They gouge you
Actually insurance company profits are down.
and yet the insurance cos. were not upset with the prospect of ACA.
And you can't allow people to sign up for insurance when they get sick and drop it when they are healthy.
no doubt, womb to the tomb govt health care will make for a perfect world, everything they touch, is so efficient
Medicare incredibly efficient. Less than 2%. Private sector insurance much higher. Single payer works all over the world. Efficient.
efficiency at it very best, but we're going nowhere here.
Thank God my husband works for the city we don't have to worry about insurance God help those who do. I feel for you
"could cause" -- and to think journalism WAS ONCE a noble profession. It's all about $$ and THEY have their own agenda
You happen to ignore the big bold "Congressional Study", meaning, this is the word of Congress, not NY Times.
yes, CBO study. But there are problems w/CBO's analysis & @nytimes is guilty of selective omission http://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/01/17/four-critical-problems-with-the-cbos-latest-obamacare-repeal-estimates/#612431107862 …
No they aren't. They reported the news. What you linked to was an opinion piece. Opinion is not a news report
this is a complicated issue. It can't be discussed in one simple article. Report all, or nothing.
Per usual, the educational gap between the pro- and con-ACA teams below is obvious. If you don't know what the CBO is, don't vote.
and what's your point. Ins Co are huge donors to the GOP pig trough.
entire health care system is
@1AllisonLane if mine double it would be the same as taking a mortgage out on a 3 million dollar home. Sad.
we have to saveACA and repair it. Keep putting pressure on GOP Congress.
"save and repair" no, put it out to pasture its dead R&R time Repeal & replace @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
I'm sorry, but the NYT lost all credibility using numbers, data, polls or figures. Plus Obamacare already 2x insurance premiums
And the premiums won't rise, if we keep Obamacare? Dream on!
- Zso @SpeakerRyan , are you STILL going to take health care away from Americans ?

But full repeal of Obamacare will result in health premiums going down (if your gonna lie make it big).
more #FAKENEWS from liberal media.
I'm hoping Reps realize that a repeal without replacement would be almost as damaging to them as to those who lose coverage.
Trump gets it. That's why he floated Universal again.
@mongeliliana If that is true, then literally no one understands what Obamacare IS. Guess we should have read it before passing it.
Keep Obamacare and premiums will triple in 5.
yes, and all the powers that be seems to be finding disclosure of this NOW!! After the buy in of the reality TV show.
Known for truth & accuracyNo 
So instead of  from heres a delicious bowl of french onion soup
@ShaunKing insurance has doubled over the last 5 years
@ShaunKing That is optimistic, that would be a 7% rise year over year. Better than recent history
From Pelosi we need to pass it to find what horrors Obama care would bring.
Ask the people of ARIZONA how their premiums sky rocketed
Such hypocrisy thousands lost their coverage and premiums kept on going up. What happened to you can keep your doctor. And that phrase
If premiums would double over 10 years that'd be a roughly 7% per year increase. I'd gladly take that over my 60% year 1 ACA jump
Double my premiums and strip health insurance from 20 million American.
#ThanksGOP #ThanksTrump
the same congress that said premiums would not go up and if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor?
this left wing propaganda insurance premiums have already quadrupled in some cases and Pushing everyone in medicaid is not progress
Where the hell is the NY times when Obama pulled 700 billion right out from under Medicare to fund this garbage ACA
I'm sorry but Obama ignored all expert guidance for his plan and the failure can be seen everywhere.  Ask anyone.
Im still waiting for this better idea to repeal it with. Too, I guess I'll wait on your wall.
why should our Senators or Congressman care? They have health insurance guaranteed. So out of touch with the people.
lmao dont tell me that I dont do research or have facts when I say congress shouldnt repeal obamacare
All us bleeding heart liberals already expected major premium increases w/ GOP in the pockets of insurance companies-nice job right
your scare tactics are not appreciated.  You have no information as 2 future coverage, & stock market didn't crash!
@MiaFarrow they would rather cancel, have uninsured Americans & higher premiums than admit it works.
that's why we're repealing all of it. Then replacing it with something better and allowing HC to be regulated as Interstate comm
In some states premiums have already doubled.
How many people lost insurance in the last few years? I have had to pay the $50 a mo penalty for more than 2 yrs or live in my car
double over pre-ACA pricing? Or double over the huge increases which resulted from the ACA?
.@nytimes for some of us premiums have doubled over 1 year so...
Nice misleading headline. I wonder why people don't trust the MSM anymore.
Mine tripled already and my deductible went to 10 grand. Are you High or what. Obviously I no Longer have ins.
The health of American people should NOT be bought/sold to make a profit. This is why EVERY SANE country has #UniversalHealthCare.
Wtf?? That's better than Every Year which was,happening...
The GOP has one goal - get millionaires more wealthy even if it means at the expense of the little guy. @squintini5
my premiums doubled with BlueCross BlueShield TN in 3 years...before they pulled out of the marketplace completely
Suggest you look "behind" the numbers...looked at only 1/2 of the equation
FAKE NEWS @nytimes  CBO does not calculate the replacement plans but no worries NYT will continue to lie by omission
My premium doubled BECAUSE of Obamacare
Congressional study: Partial repeal of Obamacare could cause insurance premiums to double over 10 years http://nyti.ms/2jvrIWL 
how to be a scare monger...push grandma over the cliff, grandparents will have to eat cat food, children will starve, churches burn
@RosLehtinen @senmarcorubio @RogerHolzberg @BruceTurkel #Same or better! Can't blame Obama when the insurance companies raise fees!
Could or will. Still throwing out those negative opinions. I could live to be 100, but will I. Dumb as dirt reporting.
Government officials and workers ...live off the Tax Payers ... Play the game People...
People need to work less and have lower income and apply for state health insurance .. You qualify play the Government game....
So how have you massaged the facts this time? The NYT is a tattered left wing rag. Prone to bury disclaimers on page 21.
is #fakenews
Right... and #PIZZAGATE is #FakeNews
well, this is no problem for GOP, they loved it, earning more that is
@SenatorCantwell THEN TELL US WHG YOU VOTED AGAINST CHEAPER DRUGS!!!!!! #inbigpharmaspocket
Only took 2 years for Obamacare to have increase dramatically!!
MORE FAKE NEWS?
Let all the country yokels who voted for Trump see what morons they were & lose their insurance.
Or just maybe people would lose the fat, stop smoking, exercise, eat right, get healthy
Best way to lower HC costs is tax highly processed/junk/fast food the way we tax tobacco, alcohol & use revenue to subsidize
#Obamacare Unless you get medicaid you cannot afford the premiums now. This is cheap propaganda.
wow, that would be 1/2 the rate than if left alone!
bunch of crap. Do both business cases instead of a one-sided analysis
At least the report can maybe give political cover to dopey House Reps because they have no replacement plan except ", privatized".
It's bad when everyone's thought is "Wow that's great it would take 10 years!"
I call bullshit
"COULD" stop fear mongering. Fake news n shit
@BryanDawsonUSA gee, wonder who makes the money in a deal like that?
someone has to really optimize and automate everything an insurance co does to lower costs & have more to allocate to providers
I'm to believe Congress has a 10 year plan, when every year we are on the verge of a government shutdown over funding?

As opposed to doubling in just 4 years!  #fakenews to support liberal agenda.
Complete repeal--You have to take out ALL of the CANCER of OBAMACARE.
@BryanDawsonUSA 

#SaveACA
A lot of comments here. Did any of them bother to read the report first?
unlikely
who is surprised with any of this. Corporations like insurance companies are like slot machines the pay as little as they can.
premiums went up double digits just this year. Leave aca in place I bet it doubles on its own in 10 years.
incorrect
Obama said our premiums would be lower by $2500. Predictions?  Sounds like another fake news biased report
@SpeakerRyan does this mean anything to you? #ACARepeal #stopIt
Settle down Chicken Little.
and be thing you can count of The Republicans to do is to screen it up. This they duely will do.
No kidding and cost the country $350 billion over 10 years. #NoRepeal
mine increased 35% in one year. Doubling in 10 seems like a better option.
Omg 
as opposed to them doubling in 2 years like they have?
The real reason to repeal, profits for insurance company's.
Which increase on the GOPs plan if you can even call it that
Obama already told us to expect premiums to go up 27% in 2017 under his plan.
it's pretty cool that was planned for. It was nice to have a president who thought longer term.
"Could"
They tried to tell you. Repubs are at fault by not working with OBAMA. 2018/2020 will be here soon!
Trump voters will never admit it's the GOPs fault if we all get screwed on health insurance.
maybe I will.  But I have no problem saying I'm getting screwed now under Obama's plan.
Well if it gets repealed its going up, the deficit increases, huge job loses, and many will die! JS
Double over 10 years versys double in 1 year under O'care.  LOL you're trying so hard NYT. We see you. You're failing.
no doubling in 1 year
Well I guess we'll suffer pretty much the same fate we're suffering UNDER the ACA too then.
difference being that post ACA if you or one of your family becomes seriously ill, policy will be worthless.
And, the insurance companies will have few customers. Wages are stagnant & few can afford private market premiums now let alone in 10 yrs
single payer works throughout world
and the costs to consumers will skyrocket as well. The only beneficiaries? Insurance companies. Thanks a lot Trump.
someone better pay for my fuckn healthcare
nots BS from The NY Times
that's the whole point for the assholes in congress that work for big pharmaceutical companies.
right? http://www.wsj.com/articles/donald-trumps-pick-for-health-secretary-traded-medical-stocks-while-in-house-1482451061 …
#问责中国云昆政府 中国新疆克拉玛依&奎屯等地 #泛亚 受害债权人血泪书 http://go.shr.lc/2iL8n0y  #刘光溪 #秦光荣 #曹建方 #仇和 #张祖林 #陈全训 #fanya
