NOT disastrous for me. I freelance. My premium went DOWN for 2017. Without #Obamacare I'd be uninsured. Keep good parts
You have two years and then you're out. 
We expect lying Donnie to be impeached prior to that if he actually takes office.
Prosecute @HillaryClinton !
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/trumps-silence-on-nazi-salute-says-a-lot-about-him-and-elected-republicans-2016-11-22?link=sfmw_fb … Nazi Germany was an abomination, A US-based version would be worse.
good soundbite, what specific regulations do you want to repeal?
OK, you have to be mindful of the environment too. No ND pipeline. Senate reform, cut your pensions go on new Obamacare
Right, your new direction is back to the 30s when we were segregated and friends w/ Russia
Uh, how about all the campaign promises Roy?

Please repeal #Obamacare ASAP. We've nothing left to pay for healthcare after being forced to buy expensive insurance.
Obama is putting our country in danger and badmouthing our new president. He needs to be stopped bringing in Muslims
Get rid of McConnell as majority leader and you can get things done.
STOP SOC. SEC TO ILLEGALS!!!
WHERE'S OUR RAISE?
ILLEGALS NOT CITIZENS!!
TAKE A STAND FINALLY!##
I hope the democrats support Trump just like McConnell supported Obama.  Make him a 1 term POTUS
The direction we were heading was working pretty good, now you are going to destroy it all by passing restrictive trade
youve no idea how to govern, and no real plans to address issues. As the stupid party, America will suffer. Give you 6M

So happy to see end of ACA. With no mandate to buy insurance the industry will, collapse. Make sure you repeal EMTALA.
jobs never in republican history ever been high. One republicans don't no math & results impact
Consider expanding Medicare eligibility to age 60
Please repeal Obamacare in 1st 100 days. We are going broke with insurance premiums that pays nothing
Muslim registry, torture, gay rights, climate change, immigration, women's right to choose? Which way are we going?
no excuses this time. Else u will be also history like Hillary. Wake up & Do your job. U have been sleeping for 8 yrs.
that new direction seems to include open hate and discrimination against LGBT people.
the last repug that promised us anything almost caused USA to go broke. Thanks bush.
You know what we voted 4! McConnell has GOT to change the filibuster rule:Like the Dems! You have MONOPOLY: no excuse
Let the poor die, and fuck the enviroment
We were headed in a new direction, addressing the disastrous impact of GOP policies.I don't want to go backwards again.
You folks *REALLY* need to dial in to the actual reality of the world in which most of us are experiencing.
like all the job bills you could have passed the last 8 years but did not put one out to vote? We remember!
Quit speaking and go take another bribe!
20 million more with health insurance, end lifetime limits, end pre-existing conditions are disasters???
guick to point fingers about the cost of this healthcare,but is part of the problem that's causing the rise of it
well I guess so now that someone of different  color will be in the white house stop the blame game.
you have to lower premiums for healthcare for everyone - young & old
How about the disastrous impact of the president-elect? Are you ignoring blatant disregard for fascist appointments?
let's get Obamacare repealed
your thinking is wrong and outdated.
But what are going to replace Obamacare with?
Lead, do not follow the loud Dems.
YES, & WE HAVE A CHANCE TO BE SCREWED OVER AGAIN -THANKS, REPUBLICANS!! --YUK!!
Are you concerned about Trumps conflict of interests? How about his support of the Nazis?
the GOP is perhaps the worse thing that has happened to America
yes so now walk the talk and get this""""WE WANT A TRUE BIPARTISAN PROBLEM SOLVING CONGRESS!  be bipartisan or GET OUT!
"basically fraudulent, that it would enrich a few well-connected people at taxpayers’ expense" http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/21/opinion/build-he-wont.html … @SenateGOP @RoyBlunt
You sold your souls and probably our democracy. You expect support for your idiocy? U disgust more of America than not.
u tbad never get jobs ur trickle bs is a scam the rich just get richer fuck puppets
Lemme guess... Could it be... Debt-financed tax cuts for rich people? Sweet, dude.
The GOP gutted the ACA. Stop trying to distract us from the issue that the likes of Donald Trump is your figurehead.
This is Our Last chance 2sever the Serpents head from the Land
Get w/tProgramB4 Christ returns.
"Will I find faith"-JC
VOTER I.D. LAWS are needed!! This was ignored too long-GET IT DONE!!
Just more of the same....
ACA is not bad just fix the problems you repubs are liars us voters ha s done reasearch you are liars
what about Donald and his illegal dealings before he even get in the white house
unemployment is down and has been.
do it all and don't let the loser (Democrats) stand in your way.
you mean the way you did from 2000 - 2008 where job growth was negative and wages stagnated & there were 40mm unisured
NEW DIRECTION? Trumps taking our country backward 150years?! U freakin morons better stop him now
Here comes the collapse of the USA..All White doesn't mean all right..Pray folks
racist a bit?
You people taught me a bit..Thx smile
