Grateful for the law enforcement & medical personnel who responded to the attack, and are working around the clock to save lives
Then vote NO on concealed carry reciprocity & loosening laws to make it easier for felons and domestic abusers to get silencers. #stopCCR
He gets paid by the NRA to let the guns flow.
Gun powder was first used in celebrations.  The someone discovered it can kill things.
*then*
Not good enough Blunt. Make it better before it happens again
 That's what we want you to do. How are you still our rep?! I don't vote 4 u.
By not acting to better control access to or banning assault weapons, accessories and ammunition, you give silent approval to mass murder.
Blunt loves everything about guns & ammo and the NRA. What could Blunts "thoughts" possibly be about? Make machine guns & silencer legal?
So long as the NRA pays Roy, he will pander for them.
"Thoughts and prayers." @RoyBlunt received $11,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. #GunControlNow
What are YOU going to do to stop these mass killings? No one needs an assault rifle
Nobody wants your thoughts. They want you to get out of bed with @NRA. Blood on your hands!
Either give the money you received back to NRA or you words mean nothing. Resign
Bullshit.  You're the 3rd largest recipient of NRA blood bribes in the Senate.  You have the blood of thousands of innocents on your hands.
We need gun control laws not thoughts and prayers
Then DO something about it. Hopes and prayers ain't gonna cut it.
Your saddened all the way to your NRA WALLET right Roy?You should be very ashamed.It is either gunshots or no healthcare to get rid of human
con todo respeto hay que dejar el cinismo. Los Terroristas están en Texas.
How much did the @NRA pay for you? Getting their money's worth.
Over $755,000 is what they’ve paid him.
No - he has accepted over $4.5M during his career
And that's just one politician that the NRA has pd. Imagine if we saw the total pd to date. Would those who give $$ to NRA even care?
@NRA and you are complicit in this
You'll keep taking money from the NRA though, right? Keep your "thoughts and prayers." You can do something about this but choose not to.
This is on YOU and the NRA.
How about you stop thinking and praying and DO SONETHING?!
Your "thoughts" are meaningless. #LawsNotPrayers  #GunContolNow
Why won't you support banning bump stocks?
Former NYC Police Commissioner said that if the silencer bill passes, deaths will be in the thousands. What's your position on SHARE Act?
So-called "Hearing Protection Act" will allow people to buy silencers without a background check. Are you against this?
It's funny. You can protect your hearing each time you go to the range with foam ear plugs and ear muffs.  Amazing how they work.
No more thoughts or prayers. You took $3million from the NRA. It's time to act, stricter gun laws & gun control.
$11,000 from the NRA I'm 2016
Then i hope you work towards more regulation for assault rifles and high capacity magazines
How does it feel to know you and the legislation you pass, help and allow these events to happen???
And yet you've taken $11,900 dollars from the NRA who make this sort of thing possible. Your thoughts are not enough.
What are you going to do about it? USA is only country that defends the ability to massacre civilians - let's stop doing that!
You are in bed with the gun lobby & received nearly $1M in donations. Your words are meaningless. Do something for common-sense gun control
Dear @RoyBlunt Please take your hypocritical NRA-funded thoughts and prayers elsewhere.
Thanks for taking $$ from the NRA. U helped
Same. Also saddened you took $11,900 from the NRA for your election & won't do anything to prevent similar horrific attacks in the future.
surely this will give u pause on silencer & loosening of gun laws when presented. Please use common sense. Lives depend on it.
We now need a Condolence update on the #Florida Students and Children for February, 2018.
Your fake pious spoutings won't bring the thousands of innocent children and adults back to lfe, nor do they comfort their families.
You have blood on your hands Senator.  Why not give back the money from the NRA.   They own you
$11,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Sandy Hook. Pulse. Las Vegas. Nothing in common? DO SOMETHING! BAN THESE WEAPONS! Your thoughts and prayers are worth zero.

.@RoyBlunt took $755,816  in expenditures from @NRA, so he'll just be sad. Won't *do* anything to prevent gun violence. https://twitter.com/RoyBlunt/status/914853420061904896 …
But you still like the NRA bucks, right hypocrite?
How'd ya' spend the $4,551,146 you got from the NRA to sell out the Missourians you swore an oath to serve? Your thoughts mean nothing. #NRA
And of that $4,551,146 you got from the @NRA ? Blood money. It's not about gun laws, it's about who's pulling the strings. Not u. NRA owns u
You should ask God for forgiveness!
We are saddened by a Senator who refuses to make control of gun violence a priority.  Do your job.
What are you doing to prevent gun violence? Turn your thoughts toward that, Senator
Why did you vote to allow the mentally ill to have easier access to guns?

blood on your hands
Thoughts and prayers, but heaven forbid you ACT -- might cost you then tens of thousands the NRA gives you.
$755,816.00 from the #NRA buys your inaction on #GunLaws though. Sick.

#LasVegasShooting #NRAKills #GunControlNow
Awww don't be sad, the #NRA will give you more money to ease your conscience and make you feel all better.
stop taking money from the NRA then senator!
I bet that $11,900 you got from the NRA last year helped you get over your 'sadness' in no time! Was it hard washing all the blood off their checks?
Since you won't act, I hope Missouri will and VOTE YOU OUT since you refuse to DO YOUR JOB
Yeah but where's your spine
Please stop accepting NRA funds.
Just take your NRA wallets out & keep making immoral choices. Obviously hasn't affected your family & loved ones yet.
Mr. Blunt, please support bans on bump stocks and high capacity magazines and regulate bullets. Thank you for your leadership in this matter
.Great. Now stop fellating the NRA
They don't need your fake and hypocritical "thoughts."  They need real action to regulate firearms. #BloodyHandsBluntNRAStooge
Saddened enough to stop accepting huge donations from @NRA, and pass legislation to ban at least assault weapons.  After #LasVegasShooting was #SutherlandSpringsShooting.  What next?? My mother heard #GabbyGiffords being shot.
Was the $11,900 from the NRA worth it?
#Yawn
Your indifference is glaring
You care only for your donors
The dead are fodder to pad your bank account
Your words ring hollow & empty
Until the next time...
but not sad enough to give back that $755k you took from the NRA, right?
I bet $11000 NRA bucks heals your heartbreak... How bout giving the number to your friends at the NRA.  #commonsensegunlaws
Don't even send your thoughts and prayers. You accepted money from the NRA.

You are bought & paid for by the NRA. You continue to be a disgrace an an embarrassment to the state of Missouri.
If you took money from the NRA and supported their agenda, you are complicit.
empty words from someone who takes money from the NRA

Do something then, you hypocrite.
Do more than "think" @ 250 people shot.  Vote for common sense gun laws. Will you oppose current legislation loosening gun silencer laws?
How much does the nra pay u in blood money, this is domestic terrorism caused by NRA
If only there were something you personally had the power to change...

Oh, wait, I forgot you sold your soul to the NRA. Carry on.
You took $11,900 from the @NRA during the 2016 election cycle.  You can keep your “thoughts”.
#actionsspeaklouderthanwords please stop taking $$ from NRA. Act as if you care about these people.
Missouri Republican Senator Roy Blunt received $11,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. #GunControlNow
Your thoughts are meaningless. You’re among the small number of people who can change legislation to prevent these shootings, start working.
Enough to do something about it, or just enough to feel a twinge of guilt when you cash that next NRA contribution?
but not too sad to take nearly $13K from NRA ladt year, right
BIG LIES!
THE NRA SUPPORT YOU AND THE LIES YOU TELL YOUR PEOPLE.
WHAT WOULD YOU FEEL IF A TRAGEDY LIKE THIS STROKE YOU?
Explain yourself.
Missouri Republican Senator Roy Blunt received $11,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. Missouri gun laws bought and paid for...
How much money have you taken from the NRA? What are you going to do about gun laws?
I don't believe you.
Your sadness is useless.  These people are dead and you know why.
Is NOW a good time to talk about sensible gun control laws? If not can you tell us exactly how many more people must die before it is?
Perhaps you would consider donating the $11,900 you took from the NRA to the families of the victims?  @RoyBlunt
That would be about enough to pay for a funeral/burial.  Seems right.
saddened enough @royblunt to return the NRA financial support you've received and to come out against HEAR, SHARE and support #NoMoreGuns?
You can introduce legislation as a means of consolation.
And yet Missouri’s gun laws favor this kind of tragedy in our streets. #guncontrol
Giving up @NRA money yet? There is a good first step.
you took money from the @NRA. you enable this. how many lives could be saved if you had a backbone or moral compass? #shame
Blood on your hands. The NRA owns you! You worship money and will not RIO when the time comes. #shame
You took money from NRA. Thoughts and prayers are not enough.  Legislation needed to protect Americans.
Sensible gun legislation now!
#PrayForCommonSenseGunLegistlation
Then do something about it. I'm so tired of thoughts and prayers.
dude. Maybe stop taking money from the @NRA and you won't have to strain yourself with all those thoughts and prayers so often!
Bull!! you & your GOP buds will always oppose gun legislation, sit idly by & watch people die as long as you receive NRA $$$
save your thoughts and get to work stopping these events!!
How much money did you take from the NRA? Save your prayers.
You are one of the 435 people in America that can do something about it, but won't. Keep your fucking prayers.
Sorry you took $1.4 million for NRA?Troubled by blood on your hands?Thoughts are useless, TRY GUN CONTROL LEGISLATION!
You weren't that sad when you took the NRAs money.
Sir, we are all saddened. But you are not powerless. Please act now for common sense gun laws. We are depending on you!
you sure you're mind isn't on the $11,900 u got from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle?
@RoyBlunt accepted over $11,000 in contributions from the @NRA. #thoughtsandprayers are nice, but what will he DO to stop gun violence?
Killer.
You are a piece of excrement - Missouri Republican Senator Roy Blunt received $11,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
STOP TAKING NRA blood money.   Blood is on your hands and soul, you deplorable! And yes we will vote you out.
If your thoughts were truly w/ the families whose loved ones were lost, you’d do something to make sure #vegasshooting never happens again.
Where are the policy proposals? If he were non-white there would have been no thoughts and prayers and sadness for the tragic loss.
Return your NRA bribe!
Guess what thoughts do? Jackshit. Guess what smarter gun control does? Lessens the likelihood of more shootings. YOU are part of the problem
So you're going to help enact tougher gun control then? Because that would be great. If not, you're nothing but hot air.
How much money did you take from the .@NRA so you would keep passing lax gun laws? Don't pretend to be surprised or saddened. You did this.
Will you have the courage to stand up to your NRA buddies and work for meaningful gun laws that will help prevent these acts - or just pray?
Blood on your well protected old hands.
Fuck off, greedy pig. Your greed is the reason these people died senselessly, you slimy fuck. YOU WORK FOR US. BE OF SERVICE.
Rec'vd $11,900 from NRA 2016 election cycle. Always votes against ANY gun control
$755k from the @NRA to be sad
Keep your thoughts. You're gonna need them to figure out how to get out from under the @NRA 's thumb.
Sad is the hypocrisy shown by the people listed in this article
Thoughts don't fix anything, Senator Blunt. What concrete steps are you going to take to help curb this? Your thoughts mean nothing.
Then do something about it #guncontrol #LasVegasShooting #
Is now enough?  The "if more people carried guns" argument would fail miserably here. #toomuchsadness #toomuchdeath
Please do something about guns in America! Start by getting your colleagues to vote no on the Share Act, which would deregulate silencers.
Are you saddened enough to finally do something about it with gun control? Or will you aide and abet more murders?
Are you going to push for gun control, or is this statement meaningless? You get to pick One.
What are you going to DO about it?
yet you took more than $11,900 from @NRA in 2016 alone.  Shame on YOU! #Bloodonyourhands
.@RoyBlunt took $755,816  in expenditures from @NRA, so he'll just be sad. Won't DO anything to prevent gun violence. #SendBackTheBloodMoney
NRA lapdog hypocrite
You don't have the right to be sad b/c you made this happen by taking $ from @NRA and supporting them.
Shut up. You took $11,900 from the NRA. You make me sick
You took $750k in #NRA hush money so lunatics could murder us with automatic assault weapons. Keep your prayers Roy. You are weak. WEAK.

Thoughts with no action, just $$$ "Senator Roy Blunt received $11,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle."
Thoughts?  How about actions?  Pass meaningful gun control legislation and stop taking $ from the NRA.
You took $755,000 in expenditures from @NRA last year alone. Share that with the families.
You are my Senator and I ask that you take action and do something about it #gunsense #guncontrol
You took money from the NRA, you are complicit
Thoughts and prayers are NOTHING.
NRA contributions in 2016:
Blunt, Roy (R-MO)Senate$11,900
Do you know your account is monitored by the who's who of pro-Israel lobbyists in DC?
I'm sad you took over $700 thousand dollars from the NRA and in return we get a national tragedy & you get "sadder." Fuck you.
I'd rather you didn't take payment from NRA. Blunt received $11,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Your paymasters at the NRA appreciate your support.
As a constituent, let me just say...you're a total and utter embarrassment.
Do something and disregard the NRA's sway on you!
I. Blame. You. Their blood is on your hands. The victims of Pulse & Sandy Hook are on your hands. You failed to learn from Columbine.#guilty
You received $11,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. Your thoughts mean nothing.
Missouri Republican Senator Roy Blunt received $11,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Your thoughts are with the victims for one second. But your legislation is with your purse stings and the NRA. #BanAssultRifles
Stop taking money from the NRA!

A tragedy that could possibly have been prevented by STRONGER GUN LAWS!
when you took NRA money were you planning to trot out the disingenuous "sadness" and meaningless "thoughts"  at the next massacre?
