EVERYONE JOIN YOUR LOCAL @GOP MAKE A CHANGE FROM WITHIN! LOW TURNOUT IS OUR WORSE ENEMY! I'M GOING TO DO MY PART, FIRE  CLAIRE MCCASKILL,MO

Typical blame game, Senator. Put on your big boy pants and start working across the aisle.
Senator Blunt.. thank you! You listen to ur constituents and do ur best to protect them.
Katy if you're disgusted with self worship & control grabs, why are you thanking Roy? He tops the list of self centered & self serving pols.
No he doesn't. He listens & votes consistently conservative on issues. I've chatted OFTEN with his staff before & after important votes.
U have no idea what ur talking about.  Educ is a priority in MO yet u take money from Devos 2give her the job. U have ur interest n mind
Every time you use the word obstruction, I will follow up with the name Merrick Garland. You lost rights to use of the word.
Brilliant...
Why should we read lies and fake news. Dems would support legislation that was worth passing.
So did the obstruction of republicans during the Obama administration.
Two words:  Merrick Garland. Oh & McConnell v. Obama.  Look up obstructionist you get GOP.
There are just no words anymore. How much did #fakepotus pay you for your soul?
There's only 1 senator looking out for Missouri and that's @clairecmc
FIST BUMP!!!!  Love @clairecmc
Roy read @JeffFlake oped today. He at least admits that your party invented obstructionism. #BeHonest
Another idea, work across the aisle to get real things done for the American people #takethelead #stopcrying
Not to mention the Presidents campaign is under investigation! Can you imagine if a D was President what you guys would be obstructing?
I'm often at odds with Mr Blunt and definitely with Trump. But I agree that the Dems need to get appointments done.
The dems have been pushed to the side. They want to work together, but your party does not. How's that working for you? FAILURES!
BULLCRAP! YOUR PARTY IS IN CHARGE OF EVERYTHING!
Oh so it is Democrats that let Monsanto write their own immunity deal? Got it.
What are our priorities? You haven't held a town hall so how do you know? You could start by reading ALL of the replies to your tweets.
strange, didn't know taking healthcare away from people and trashing the environment were Missouri priorities
Me neither.
You didn't include the picture of the check you received from the Mercers or the Kochs to be their parrot. At least show your allegiance.
Roy shows his allegiance by his actions. His words are intended to speed up the global warming process, i.e., hot air.
you cannot seriously, be that blind to the needs of Missourians!!
He's not blind. He just doesn't want to see.
Talked to countless Missourians? When can I talk with you at a town hall? Not a glorified teleconference, a real town hall.
Roy this is one of your saddest and lamest attempts at deflecting responsibility for your own actions. Your $ could buy better ghost writer.
How do you even have a clue what your constituents' priorities are when you don't have the testicular fortitude to face us in a town hall?
I promise you that MY priorities are COMPLETELY opposed to what you're doing on the hill.
I second that!
Still harping on this? You set this precedent. I regret no vote more than the one I cast for you last year.
Jason thank you for being a team player. No matter who we voted for we all have to clean this mess up.
#MerrickGarland coming to you from 63122
Seconded by 63128 right in the heart of District 2.
But you, who claimed to believe in a 60 majority when in the minority, have done the exact same thing? Why is it OK for us and not for them?
how does it feel. GOP did the same thing to Democratic and Obama.
@RoyBlunt is a #TrumpRepublican through and through. Complete disappointment for Missouri.
NO.  When you pointed 1 finger at democrats, there were 3 more pointing at Republican
Another nominee I hope dems obstruct Roy. His views are not MO priorities, not to mention he's grossly unqualified.
Is there a list of nomnies and where they are going?
Merrick Garland. There's your obstruction.
What did you do the last 8 years jackwagon? Hey pot it's me kettle...
We real Missourians do it every day – work with our neighbors (even if we disagree with them) to make our communities a better place.
If you were truly interested in our priorities, you'd stop the finger pointing and actually reach across the aisle and work together.
Merrick garland.
Presidents under criminal investigation should get 0 confirmations.  Also, stats: Tracking Trump's nominations -
Roy you are in a state of never ending delusion, very much like your perverted president. Dem obstruction is a lie Roy.
Blaming Dems when you have the majority? LOL.
You're no different than Trump! Blaming others for your shortcomings! PLEASE JUST STOP and take some responsibility!!
Just as you did for 8 years with a real president. How does it feel? Roy Blunt is bad for Missouri. Pathetic.
My question: Why was Medicaid expansion not allowed in Missouri? Obstruction at its finest.
Come 2020 I won't be voting for you. I sent you a letter saying concerns about you repealing health care. Fix it Don't repeal! You're sad.
That's a joke coming from any Republican over the last 8 years.
Let's have a town hall and we can talk about Missouri's priorities.  I'm not sure you know what they are...

Can't obstruct when you hold the majority. #merickgarland
Me Blunt.  Stand down and check the facts.
Do you even know the priorities of MO constituents?They are not lock step with the GOP. But you are. Let's start w MO first party second
Does it start with "His name is Merrick Garland..."?
Constantly whining about this but where are the new ideas or actual tangible plans Roy?  Ur great at whining, but what else ya got? Crickets
The GOP has the House, Senate, and the WH. This is all on you. Stop with the fake news. 
The only thing stopping you from moving forward is the junk bills you're trying to push through. They aren't good enough. #yourownworstenemy
Really Roy? Republicans have majority. Were you crying the same thing when republicans were obstructing everything?
Merrick Garland did not even receive a hearing.  Would you want to discuss obstruction?
In the history of US 168 judge appointments have been blocked.  82 were during BHO tenure. Shall we talk obstruction  now?
And by "Missourians" you mean...well, just you.
You poor misguided man. You have lost touch with the people so bad
and if he could get people to stay, he might not have to keep filling so many. There are only so many unqualified people to fill those spots
if they confirmed all the nominees at once, there would be no one left to work at Goldman Sachs. He's draining Wall St right into his admin
Obviously MO's priorities are not your priorities. Repealing the ACA was a stupid idea. Just like you running for reelection in 2022.

what do you call 60...wait, now 65? 66? attempts to repeal the ACA and wasting the time involved in that fruitless endeavor, and NOW whining
Read my hand gesture on how Republicans continue to focus on goals that only help corporations and the wealthy. #whereisjasonkander
AIDED and ABETTED by the "NEVER TRUMPERS" in the RE{UBLICAN PARTY!
This is funny. It might work with people who didn't pay attention for the last 8 years of Republican obstruction. And GOP has majority!!
Can we trade you in for Collins or Murkowski? These two ladies actually vote with their head and don't drink the GOP Kool-aid.
You need some cheese to go with your whine
Obstruction? ROFLOL ASS Republicans are DONE
I hope whatever intern manages this account is passing along the sentiment to you. May help with the tone deafness.
All twitter comments that question the authority & knowledge of our boy Roy are funneled to a black hole, never to be seen again.
Pot calling kettle black !  What about all the chaos in the Whitehouse?  Do you support the Presidents comments to boy scouts and police
Your shit show party is the majority and still can't get anything done. Stop crying obstruction you're obstructing yourselves. Oh & Merrick!
1. Merrick Garland. 2. GOP has the majority. 3. Start representing your constituency instead of your party. Partisanship is toxic.
Nope not buying it! You lied to Missourians for 7 years with a Fake promise for a Fake health care plan (that we now know never existed),
You tried to take our Medicaid now you want our Medicare so stop blaming the Democrats for your bad awful not for Missourians GOP actions!
Cry me a river with your alligator tears. When have u ever worked w/ a democrat? GOP locked Dems & most Republicans out of Healthcare bill.
Why don't you have a town hall like the voters want. Was your op-ed based on the 8 years republican obstructed Obama or just the new lies?
If you were a real man you would have voted NO on repeal but the donors are most important right. M Garland says Hi Nazi
I think I'll save my time reading your drivel to continue resisting your horrible ideas.
But Dems....
YOU are Missouri's problem!
As a constituent u clearly revealed u are a Party Puppet with the trump care fiasco. U agreed to sacrifice people for tax cuts to the rich!
Lol
Nope.  You need to retire.
Please put up QUALFIED candidates without ties to Russia
Before u start flapping ur jaws, u and ur cronies owe the Obama admin an apology. Max Obstruction 2009-2017
Oh please.Your party is responsible for 8 solid years of obstruction.not to mention failing to do your job/vote on a Supreme Court justice.
Read my op-ed about how Blunt is a joke of a senator and a lousy hypocrite
Dude. You have the House. You have the Senate. You have the White House. So far, the few nominations before you can't pass security check.
The GOP holds the keys to EVERYTHING right now and you still can't get things done.  GIVE US A BREAK!  You are your own undoing!
Merrick Garland!
Read our tweets and Facebook responses to understand how ticked we are at your attempts to decimate Healthcare, give tax breaks to wealthy.
Roy has no idea whether or not we'd buy this load of lies. 1. He never actually thinks about constituents; 2. He only thinks about money.
Just like republican obstruction from a few years ago?  #hypocrite
Dem obstruction?  You wrote it behind closed doors over lunch & invited no one outside your party for input or comment. That's obstruction?
Senator blunt. We gave you all the house, the senate and the White House. We don't need to blame democrats for anything!!!
This is rich @RoyBlunt.  Your level of obstruction is absurd.  You are doing a horrible job of representing Missourians. #TownHall yet?
Given that it's apparently your priority to gut health care for Missourians, I guess I take your point.
The GOP stole Obama's right to nominate a supreme court justice.  Now that is true obstruction and stealing.  The GOP are such hypocrites
Your. Party. Has. A. Majority.
Meanwhile, u have spent 375 hours on swampcare. R U going to follow 45 and refuse to vote on anything until u fail again? #obstruct #winning
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #Merrick Garland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #LockThemUp
I just want to know what @clairecmc thinks of this.
GOP has obstructed for years. You have no desire to work with Dems and do the right things for MO - healthcare is one of them.
It's sad that you think your constituents are buying this. Hold a real town hall, so you can hear our thoughts. You work for us.
The Founding Fathers demanded the Senate work together across party lines. Senate Republicans have been the problem. You at the lead.
You are not listening to your constituents, Senator. Your support of terrible Trumpcare bill made that plain.
I didn't realize it was Missourians priority to take healthcare away. Must have filled out my last survey wrong
When did u talk to us? At one.of ur town halls? When u answered a call at one.of ur offices? Ur putting GOP before Mo dude, that won't last.
Hey Roy why doesn't tRUmp nominate people that can pass an ethics filing.  There have been multiple unanimous confirmations by Senate. Liar.
Did the R's lose the majority last night? You would think that would be big news. It would also speed up the process to actually have noms.
U spent 8 years obstructing Obama & now ur crying about hold EACH branch of government!  Prob isnt dems obstructing, prob=GOP can't govern.
I guess you never voted to obstruct the 7 years with Obama ...right? Honest Abe  I mean Roy?Merrick Garland...you got amnesia?
Actually, Senator, you & your GOP cronies are obstructing & ruining our country! Party over country! Too bad you don't listen to MO people,
You guys obstruct Mr. Obama for years. Ignore his SCOTUS pick. You finally get control of House, Senate and POTUS but still blame Dems? Sad!
Who do you think is still buying this BS? You want to know why you can't accomplish anything? Look in the mirror, you have no ideas!
Everyone know you'll delete this and repost it later. Are you trying to make it look like not as many people are being critical of you?
You control the Senate, House, and White House! Quit blaming democrats
Let me tell you that the people of Missouri are behind the Democrats.  We need POTUS to start working for the free people of this country.
Is it Dems' fault that republicans simply can't govern? #howareyouallsoterribleatthis? @RoyBlunt @myCTnews
Aren't there more republicans than democrats in the senate? You can't complain about obstruction when you are the majority. Also #Garland
How the hell would you even know what are Missourian's priorities?!?
Good question. But even if he does know what his constituents priorities are, he would actually have to care about us.
No.
Another straight white man complaining about how minorities ruin everything.
LOL. A. The @GOP controls the house & senate B. Merrick Garland C. Hold a Town Hall!
Fun fact about the internet: regular folks can fact check every statement you make.  Your "spin" on reality no longer taken as gospel
We can (and do) share this information with each other
Hmmm??  The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!
Roy doesn't have a moral compass to help him navigate. But don't worry, he'll find his seat at the table in Hell, next to Steve Bannon.
If I were you, I'd stop taking talking points from Trump and start distancing myself from the GOP.  Otherwise your seat will be blue in 2022
We should make sure his seat is blue in '22 no matter what kind of backtracking he tries to do now.
Enough with you blaming Democrats about obstructing. We all remember what Republicans did to Obama for 8 years. Karma
How can the Dems obstruct when the Repubs control everything?
That is your most outrageous lie yet. The no reaching across th aisle and backroom, closed door legislation is all on Republicans.
How do you keep a straight face, Senator?
Senator Blunt, I don't believe you have Missourians' best interests at heart. If you did, you would expand Medicaid and strengthen the ACA.
He has his the best interests of his bank accounts as objective. I would say at heart, but he clearly lacks one of those.
You're still pushing this?!?! Get w/ the program! WH is imploding, Admin has sold our sovereignty to Russia. Onus is on GOP/Trump. Shameful
He doesn't have any real talking points so he has to regurgitate same old alternative fact.
I guess the buck doesn't stop with you. R's control house, Senate, WH. Your blame is misplaced. I'm embarrassed for you.
Maybe you should stop trying to work around the other people in the senate and actually work with them.
Senator, of 575 top positions, 357 have no nominee. 10+ members of the administration fired/resigned in 6 months. Obstruction? Show me.
No.
How many of the nominees have turned in the Ethics package? What is your idea to work with the Dem Senators?  All you seem to do is
Complain about the Democrats.  Are you even willing to work with them?  If Trump attempts to slash your pay or benefits will that change
Your outlook.  At what point is everyday Missourians thoughts considered by you, or will you continue to listen to the lobbyists.
You know the answer
C'mon he won't even hold a town hall

Neither side is going to accomplish anything until you start working together.  GOP (having the majority) should lead by actions not words.
If Repubs can't get anything done, they only have other Repubs to blame because you guys CONTRAL THE HOUSE, SENATE AND EXECUTIVE BRANCH sad!
You guys literally have 2 out of the three branches... and can't get anything done. But sure, it's Senate Dems, they're somehow to blame.
Which branch don't they have? GOP has the majority with, 5-4 SCOTUS, 54-46 Senate, 240-194 House, and POTUS. I was a Poli Sci major and ????
We are not children, Senator. We're not waiting for the next newspaper to be printed or next news show to give us an opinion. GOP in trouble
You are fooling no one with these #alternativefacts . It's time to put #CountryOverParty and work for ALL Missourians.
remind me again, did you support hearings on the Supreme Court nomination of Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland says hi!
Face it, the ACA benefitted >20 million Americans. Just ask any healthcare group.

To help MO, why refuse Medicaid expansion?
You control 3 branches of government. Your party obstructed for every day of Obama's 8 years. You stole a Supreme Court seat. Stop sniveling
I'll read as much of that as you read of the healthcare bill...

Or, try creating Bills for Missourians' that have bipartisan support. Novel idea, I realize.
Check your math. Impossible for Dems to obstruct anything. There are only 46 of them. Better point that finger back at GOP.
As my Grandfather used to say when you point a finger at someone remember there are three pointing back at you
GOP is in total crisis. We are literally begging you to stop letting Trump burn this country to the ground. #GOPinCrisis #impeach45 unfit.
If you support trump You are as vile as he is , you are really screwed up Roy.
Trump has demonstrated extremely poor hiring judgement, e.g. the Mooch. I would rather the positions remain empty indefinitely.
Missourians aren't stupid; we know the cause is 45 has nominated fewer people. Stop whining. Stop blaming others. Do your job to help us!
Trump is obstructing everything as long as he is there.  You are all a joke right now!
Missouri priority was to not have ACA/Obamacare overturned but to have it strengthened...you voted yes to repeal and replace later.
You're still delusional. Your party has the majority. Your party blocked #MerrickGarland. Your party pathologically lies.
Your party's president fired all the ambassadors without finding new ones. You want continuity of government fixed, just look at POTUS.
Ha! The Republicans are the ones who control the House, Senate, and Presidency, and the ones trying to take health care from millions.
Democratic obstruction? Dude, you're the ones who keep refusing to let them come to the table
I have not heard the POTUS utter the word Democrats when talking about having a good healthcare plan.  Dems have plans but Repubs won't look
I am so sick of it too. I know zero Dems who think ACA is perfect, but GOP is fixing a gas leak by lighting a match
I spotted the lie. What do I win?
Never been a truer statement.
That it's a lie I mean.
Republicans dominate government right now in terms of #s, but you can't accomplish anything. GOP is its own obstruction! i.e. YOU!!!
When are you going to have a town hall in PERSON with MIssourians?  Not some fake town hall where you pre-screened the questions?
HE dosen't even come back to Missouri except for election time!
I totally remember when the GOP did this to Obama 
And bragged about it
You didn't have a problem with it then
Why is it okay now senator???
hey Roy, how does a career politician become a multi millionaire? 
You have the majority of the senate and the house. Start working with senate Dems. How about that?
Read your own office that's full of lies when you control all three branches of government Democrats can't be obstructioning anything
You don't have Missouri's priorities at your best interest, you have  DC's priorities in your best interest. You could care less about MO!
You are party over country! Plain and simple. You proved that with the healthcare vote!
