Stop playing with people's insurance just because you want to make a very few people happy!!!!!
But yet u will vote to repeal my healthcare & millions of others! #hypocrite
If you had a brain and heart you would be for free healthcare but you and your DOTARD friend Trump are idiots
Your coverage is paid for so why should you give a damn about anyone else?  why is it when we call and voice are concerns we get hung up on?
You were put there for US!!!! not just for a few donors that want a damn tax break
The Health care industry ous speaking out against #GrahamCassidyBill. Please wait for CBO score.   Do what's best for #Missouri. Vote no.
#bloodmoney Senator. #GrahamCassidyNO
Grant money isn’t stable funding, all it is is a bandaid.
As a constituent, I ask that you vote no on #GrahamCassidy
But how are they going to pay for it with no insurance????@RoyBlunt
And then when #TRUMPDONTCARE gets passed, all of it will be taken away to fund your re-election or other rich ass perks.  #LOSER
2 Medicare, my family would still be in deep financial trouble w my medical bills. Access to health ins isn't worth a darn if you can't
No I wasn't yelling or screaming or cussing. I had questions and and I wanted to be heard. instead we get hung up on or talked to like trash
BLUNT HAS SINGLE PAYER/MEDICARE INS. CVRS EVERYTHING,PAST, PRESENT, & FUTURE HLTH ISSUES W/LITTLE OR NO COST TO HIM. WHAT DO U HAVE???
Preemie babies will meet lifetime ins caps before tasting their 1st birthday cake. U are not #prolife @RoyBlunt #saveourcare #GrahamCassidy
$700 Billion for war instead of insuring affordable healthcare to Americans. U r not #prolife @RoyBlunt Missouri can't afford #GrahamCassidy
Roy Blunt of Missouri represents all the bad things in congress along with some of his colleagues (to many to mention)Our democracy is sleez
Only if the gov/legislators choose to fund mental/opiod. Let us not forget nothing is for sure. Sooo many untruths are being told
That won't do us any good if the Graham-Cassidy bill passed and we STILL can't afford insurance- if they'll even cover us. NO on Trumpcare!
JUST SAY NO!! No to Graham-Cassidy!
If Blunt votes against this, I'll eat my hat. I'll eat my whole hat collection. We need to vote him out.
He really needs that Koch 
You seriously have no right to talk about healthcare. What you're doing is evil and cruel.
Why do applaud this with one hand and are in favor of taking away healthcare with the other. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
I bet if you politicians had to use the same health care as private citizens did you wouldn't mess with it!!!
Please, please, please, do the right thing and vote NO on Graham Cassidy. Fix the ACA. Don't destroy all that's good about it
3 afford the premiums or the out of pocket expenses. This bill is an insult to the American people. Vote no.
1 Sen. Blunt, as your constituent in OFallon, MO I urge you not to vote for this travesty of a bill. I'm a cancer survivor & if I weren't on
Vote no on the #GrahamCassidy bill. If you are voting on this because of donor pressure you need to office.
Why won't you hold town halls to hear from your constituents re. #GrahamCassidy ?
Don't be a coward. Vote NO. You know this bill will hurt more Missourians than it will help.
Provide real help by opposing #GrahamCassidyBill
Roy, how can you throw all of us, your constituents, under the bus!  Vote NO on the G/C Bill, we are watching!
Roy, the darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!   Vote NO on this G/C bill!
Your a lier and crooked. No Republican should be elected again. Support Trump and the rich and destroy healthcare. Resign
Great! Now vote against Graham-Cassidy so we don't lose federally mandated coverage for our mental health needs! Solid funding > grants.
I'll ask again, what is your stance on the latest ACA repeal attempt? If you won't answer, why not? #GrahamCassidy
Your constituents seem to agree.. 
This bill does not support people of MO- Will you support us... or will you support a political party?
U call urself a Christian yet voting to repeal & replace ACA with this piece of crap bill is the MOST UNCARING UNCHRISTIAN thing #WWJD
Because they won’t have healthcare under trumpcare?
Except the new healthcare bill excludes mental health ??
You should support a good healthcare plan.  Vote no for Grahams Cassidy.  Even Cassidy says it's no good, gop just needs a win.  Vote no..
This is a bald face lie
The best help will be a #noGrahamCassidy nice to bad you really don't care about those of us here in COMO
Your plan is a bogus piece of "garbage" and is part of your bigger plan to gut healthcare and give the money to yourself and rich friends
Vote NO on Trumpcare it will kill people if it is passed. Medicare For All is the only way to fix the healthcare system
How can you sleep at night? You're killing people with your YES vote
He sleeps on a big pile of Koch brother "donations"
Seriously @kytv blunt has promoted healthcare advances, groups, and health centers. He supports a bad bill, point out his lies and hypocrisy
Blue Cross & Blue Shield just came out against Grahm Cassidy saying it DOES NOT cover people with pre existing conditions! Vote "NO"!
Have the courage to vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill. Do what's right for the people for a change. This bill garbage. You know it is-you all do
If you care about mental health care, then please expand Medicaid and vote against Graham/Cassidy. Hard to believe otherwise.

But what about cancer, diabetes, kidney failure...? Remember this man supports trumpcare!
And blunt is a cancer survivor. He still would rather his constituents die, than be open to bipartisan solutions.
News: Ryan + Trump reject Senate bipartisan insurance fix talks. More pressure to repeal http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/19/obamacare-stabilization-bill-status-242875 … @jdawsey1 @rachaelmbade
So you are voting no on #GrahamCassidy since you've posted about healthcare related things all day long?
Not after you help pass Cassidy-Graham.
You know what would help those patients even more? NOT TAKING AWAY THEIR ACCESS TO HEALTHCARE. Just a thought.
Just have the guts to vote against #GrahamCassidy. Terrible bill. Don't put up a smokescreen.
That's great. Too bad you support #CassidyGraham which removes the ability to get that treatment. Stop pretending and start acting.
How can you budget $700 BILLION for the military but cut funding for citizen's Healthcare. Easier to kill than heal/prevent?
If the bill you co-sponsored becomes law, a lot of people won't have any health insurance for any illness including mental health. Shame!
Save #ACASavesLives
I think you should read the Graham Cassidy bill before you vote
Maybe he will decide it's not cruel enough and vote "no."
Know what else will help? Voting no on #GrahamCassidy! Quit pretending you care and vote like it.
Please stop distorting. G/C bill destroys ACA/Medicaid Only reason it looks like more money for MO is because state did not do the expansion
The bill is a sham & any voting to pass it will own their vote. Time for people ahead of ideology
If you were worried about our health, MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T SPONSOR THE GRAHAM CASSIDY BILL! Stop hurting Missouri. Good god.
Zero mental health coverage in Graham/ Cassidy health care bill.  So,  are you planning a NO vote on that,  Senartor Blunt?
No, he's trying to play both sides.
Care to explain why you feel fed funding for this is a proper solution, but federal funding in another (like healthcare) isn't? #hypocrite
Will this replace all the Medicaid $ and protections for pre-existing conditions you can't wait to strip from us?
The senior citizens in rest homes with no family can just die and Children too cause tax cuts are the most important
My mom has family and it's still not as I can cough out 4500 a month for her.
