never wrong to protect Citizens/Legal Visitors fr terrorist infiltrators. I take shoes off at airport,limit liquids
"Trump Hardly 1st President to Pause Refugee Programs". Ask PresObama. http://www.lifezette.com/polizette/trump-hardly-first-president-pause-refugee-programs/ … #RefugeePause
The Liberty loving immigrants understand & respect the protection, meant even for their families. #MAGA
I think you need to look up the definition of peaceful...
my sincerest appreciation for representing Missouri with sheer CLASS during the inauguration! #MAGA #
It's been downhill from there.
Now it's time to ensure the cabinet is properly vetted, and the unqualified denied. Vote NO to @JeffSessionsrbx and @BetsyDeVos
I agree. VOTE NO on all of the above. Don't contribute to the madness.
THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL. #WORSTSENATOREVER
Well, those who weren't watching the A-list concert at the same time. And then the next day, the world protested the idiocracy.
And in that week our new administration has managed to defile our democracy.Is this the legacy you want to support?Stand up for us

Do you support his comments that #Putin is great leader & we are just like him? #WakeUpAmerica
You have no credibility supporting unconstitutional orders/party over our constitution. Take a principled stance.
And the next day watched the largest (and most peaceful!) protests our country or the world has ever seen, including 10K ppl in KC
, #milktoast @RoyBlunt Where do U stand on immigration ban, on #45 elevating Bannon to NSC? Ppl of MO have a right to know!
Now please make sure we peacefully continue to successfully run our country's schools. Say NO to DeVos and represent MO's kids.
You don't get to remain silent on this #MuslimBan. Don't be on the wrong side of history again and again. Dig deep and be a human
and we watch horrified at the ensuing madness!
Pls continue to stand w/Trump Voters who favor his EO on vetting visitors. Coastal Elites dont speak 4 the Heartland or Missouri
and it's been downhill since.
If you stay on his side you'll never be elected again. He's a monster & you're a monster by association.
@JeffSessionsrbx is wrong for America. I am your constituent and I ask you to vote NO. #resist
What do you have to say about President Trump's #Unconstitutional #MuslimBan ? #silent
I'm a constituent of yours from Lake St. Louis MO.  Vote NO for all of Trump's cabinet nominees that haven't been confirmed yet.
the only God you worship is money
and now we watch in horror as He is trampling on our founding. This is deplorable.
And now they are imitating Hitler's strategies. Stand up to the fascist regime.
and then we watched the new raging psychos begin destroying middle class while you clapped and were silent.
you should be ashamed to pretend you uphold the American constitution
not so peaceful
And this week it is a different world. How are you standing against this unconstitutional #MuslimBan? We need your voice!
one week ago, the world watched in horror as the reins were handed to a madman.
- We passed the torch to an unqualified narcissistic dictator wannabe! #ResistTrump
yesterday we watched a dictator ban an entire population based on religious beliefs. You have done NOTHING to stop this!
In 1 wk., our country has descended into chaos & you embrace a madman in the white house.   This is on your watch.
And the new administration set about dismantling our democracy. Missourians are not celebrating this; we're protesting it.
Obama di so gracefully. Now you need to lock up trumph.
You did a great job
Without ACA provisions I am uninsurable. You represent me, too.  Shame on your pandering self.
Then all Hell broke loose because a deranged naraccess took over the White House. And added Slime balls to his swamp.
you must be wanting to hold onto this magic moment of yours to deny all the BS that has happened since. You must be embarrassed
Um, cool senator. Can we see photos of the things done in the 7 days since that are eviscerating the core tenets of our nation?
since then, one shameful, embarrassing act after another.
Missouri born old gal here. Will peacefully protest passing torch to a misogynistic, narcissistic, prejudiced, dictator.
there's nothing peaceful about a dictator with a room full of yes men. You're one of them. Do your job and oppose him! #MuslimBan
Vote NO on Sec. Education Betsy DeVos. Public Education needs a leader and she's unqualified.  #NotMySOE
only peaceful if you aren't the ones getting screwed by you and your cronies.  #notmy
and in the week since, the world watched all hell break loose as our rights quickly became signed away by this lying con-man.
Vote NO on Sec. Education Betsy DeVos. Public Education needs an EXPERIENCED leader and she's unqualified.  #NotMySOE
we are watching every vote you make. He will be impeached. And where will you be?
you will be regarded as a primary collaborator in the history books of whatever is left
Snowflakes fear not, the boogie man is gone golfing.
.@RoyBlunt You really do have no shame.
Peace is a beautiful thing but stamping on the rights of minorities and wasting tax payers on useless walls is not beautiful. Do better!
and Trump is still whining about his crowd
so he could light it on fire while you all watch and do nothing.
I didn't watch it.  It was to depressing! But I perked right back up at the Woman's March in KC.  #SaveACA
are you seriously touting marketing bullshit now? I watched a father beg your staffer for his sons life today. How do you sleep?
The next day the world watched as more Americans marched to protect our rights & our schools. #IndivisibleKC #TruthhurtsTrump
define "peacefully"
what is this new administration doing to be the representative of ALL Americans and not just the minority that voted for them?
1 week ago we watched one administration peacefully pass the torch of democracy to a lying demagogue. Shame on you.
what-a-week: toxic pipelines approved, scientists silenced, and world leaders marginalized. The U.S. book of Genesis on rewind.
One week ago, the world watched Missouri's junior Senator cravenly embrace corruption, dishonesty, incompetence, and racism.
according to Gorbachev we are closer to war.  Thanks guys for bringing the world closer to extinction. #impeachtrump #PutinsPuppet
Seems like there might be a few too many people in that photo Roy. I don’t think that many showed up.
And then we watched the world start to burn.
