Maybe you could work to defend us from racism, anti-Constitutional corruption, obstruction of justice & abuse of power? You know, your oath?
That would be defending from leftists then which he is doing
Shows what u know. I'm married to black man + my kids are biracial. Conservatism has no relationship to racism. Dems alwys think race first
Only One of MANY reasons I left the Dems and their patronizing bigotry of low expectations = racism
Left the Dems...and ran straight into the ARMS OF THE RUSSIANS! It's Mueller Time!
The only ones with political traceability to Russians are in Hillary's camp. $1M  to Bill straight from kremlin
BULL-HOCKEY I can tell you watch nothing but Fox Nooz, ( and it's still MUELLER TIME, Andrea!!!!)
We don't want him or his hateful agenda in MO.
Don't worry...it's MUELLER TIME, MISSOURI!!
Wow so many low information voters in my state. I'm glad to see we are turning redder and smarter every year
Boy is back. Poorly educated bot at that.
That's all you've got   I'm sorry 
What would help MO families the most is for both you and Trump to leave office. You are both only in the game to line your own pockets.
First things first though. Get rid of these Putin Puppets & corruption! Take heart Missouri! it's MUELLER TIME!!!!!
It sure would be nice if I had a senator that cares about me. Oh yes, I do. Senator Claire McCaskill. Thank goodness for her.
@snarkiekimmie you've obviously been hitting the crack pipe to hard again
I just watched Trump's tax speech from Springfield and he said absolutely NOTHING, ZERO.  So what are you going to work on?  A photo op?
I'm not. I wish he wasn't coming and I look forward to watching the awesomeness as we turn this State blue. #TheResistance @clairecmc
Oh Yas! It's Mueller Time!
Birds of a feather
Looking forward to traveling from Texas to Missouri in a few months to volunteer to unseat Sen Claire McCaskill.
Disappointed he doesn't want to meet more of us & event is closed to public. Be sure he drops by for a meet & greet among the #resistance
When I called Blunt's STL office,they explained that appearances 4 private groups was same as town hall because he is engaging constituents.
They might believe their PR, but most of us know the truth. #Americaneedsmore
#DumpTrump  & #dumpthedamnwall too.
Our U.S. President just rushed through Texas so he could campaign against a #MO senator. 2018 will be my first ever straight-ticket vote.
Hope it won't be like healthcare where it is disguised as a huge tax cut for the wealthy
Voters know the tax plan is pro growth for your pockets.   Why even pretend otherwise?
Oh, yeah, trickle down - make the wealthy rich and they will create jobs.  Didn't work before, won't work now.
Blunt is actually in Missouri ? How about a meeting with the people of the state you represent ?  Always in Washington DC hiding from us !
Hoping we can increase tax rates on the rich, and restore higher inheritance tax rates too.
Looking forward to a Nazi but won't have town hall meetings you're a loser 
Hey, it's MUELLER TIME in Missouri! He'll trace that Putin/Trump money right to Roys grubby pockets.
Are you going to tell us how big the crowds are also like Potus did today in TX? What a disgrace!
Roy nor Trump will see the crowds. AntiTrump peaceful protests being held a mile away & not on travel route by design. #PeoplesProtest
Take care of the middle class NOT the rich & @clairecmc will vote for it I'm sure. NO TAX CUTS for the 1%.
I'd be more interested in a town hall with my senator
Too bad you don't spend time with your constituents.   That is your job, you know.  Not listening will get you fired.
Good can you address NAFTA? Mexico is already talking Plan B which is them buying grains from other countries. Look our Missouri farmers in
the eye and tell them you won't let that happen! We know from Carrier, etc. Trump does make good deals.
He's been in office for seven months. He doesn't have a plan. Also he's a racist and a buffoon.
We all have the upmost confidence in your ability to pass much needed tax reform. BWAHAHAHAHA
We don't need NO Pinko Putin Puppets in MIssouri!!
POTUS Trump attacking Senators only makes people hate you &causes division in our http://country.You  seem to like it. @WhiteHouse
Why are they spending tax dollars to come to Missouri? use the same cameras in DC and send the money to the storm victims! #WeVote2018
I am visiting in CA. Wish I were home in KC so I could drive to SGF to protest against you and Trump. You are destroying g our democracy.
If You're Not Outraged MISSOURI, You're Not Paying Attention!! (RIP Heather)
It's Mueller Time! 
Can't come soon enough!
I hope someone brings a huge pair of forceps so you can finally remove your head from his ass. Start serving MO, Roy.
Ohhhhh Yas!! It's Mueller Time!
Look forward to the day when neither @RoyBlunt nor @POTUS are in office.
Agreed!
How about a tax cut for the under 500,000 folks, and an increase on corporate taxes? Corps are richer than ever. Tax them.
If you're just going to carry water, you should go to Houston...
Ha!!!
It's a campaign rally!  He will focus on crowd size and spewing rhetoric about anyone who opposes him.  He has no tax plan and neither do u.
Families like the Cooks, Morris, and Blunts. Make no mistake folks, these ppl do NOT have our interest at heart. #traitors #sellout
Yeah, about those tax policies, GOP plans to put the squeeze even more on Middle class Missourians Shame, Roy, Shame
...and you'll tell him in person you can't wait to impeach him like your constituents want, right?
Wrong
Read and educate yourself
Warren Buffet: Republicans are trying to get a tax cut, not tax reform http://hill.cm/vLRgeZ0  
Maybe you could talk to him about his racism, misogyny, unlawful ways & ineptitude? Maybe you could, you know, lead? #MO
Roy, the darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!   Dante Alighieri
Pro growth tax policies =screwing workers, rich get richer, & cutting aid to common people. You should have a town hall like @clairecmc
Still no comment on Trump's racism.  Silence = consent.  Keep silent and the whole state will know you support racism and racists.
Woah, I nearly forgot about @RoyBlunt. It was quiet. Now we return to White Noise here in Missouri.
Most rats jump from a sinking ship.   Too late Roy.  #WorstPresidentEver @POTUS
Maybe you could work with your constituents by listening to us????
#royslostmyvote #FakePOTUS
Birds of a feather...#SteeleDossier #TrumpAbandonedHouston #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Deep tax cuts for those at the top NEVER WORK. It's been shown time after time. It doesn't grow jobs, and doesn't help poor & middle class.
Of course you are looking forward to a tax cut.
As one of my Senators, I expect you to NOT be a Yes Man to @POTUS. Stand up and do more of what's right for MO, not what's right for Trump.
who are you, really? Do you ask yourself that as you pray for the Truth?
Kiss Trump's ring on camera, and I will make a campaign contribution.
Come on giant meteor. NOW!!!!
We need to be focusing on what can be done for the people of Texas. This non-urgent meeting in MO. can wait!! 
Better yet, 
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Give it up, man. Trump is a dangerous disaster. #ITMFA I'm
And you might as well stop these tweets that make it sound like you care about MO families. You don't give a shit about 99%
You would both serve the state and country better by going (back) to Houston and actually working the rescues a little bit.
Are you going to be sporting one of those cool hats @realDonaldTrump has been so slyly "marketing" the last few days? Only $40!!!!
When 45 inevitably goes down in flames, the good people of MO will remember those who stood beside him and did nothing.
YOU ARE A COWARD!  When will you face your real constituents, not just your top donors?! Hold a town hall mtg! #DoYourJob
Why won't you face your constituents?
you mean kissing @realDonaldTrump's butt? #RepublicanYesMan You're one of his fav since you won't stand up to him! #Kander should have won!
We know you and your buddies are looking forward to it. I am curious to see if @EricGreitens wants a photo op with either of you...
Umm we want tax reform RINO
Really? Shame on you. How can you sleep at night?
 how do tax cuts to billionaires and corporations help working families? And don't try that "it creates jobs" BS either.
Reducing worker misclassification will balance the federal govt with no new taxes.  1099 v W2 means 7.25% withholding per dollar. #Trillions
My-my, a Trump stump speech while people are dying in Houston. Glad you've got your priorities straight.
You can have your pro-growth tax cuts when "small businesses" carry the same risk of liabilities as real small businesses. #momandpop
Why are you looking forward to meeting with a nazi supporting bigot?
I dont expect much since decades of ur policies are what put MO on the Poorest States in U.S. List in the 1st place.

Keep your Damned Dirty Dark moneyout of Missouri politics!! Don't you dare use it against @clairecmc either. Proud she stands for us!
Take me take me please.
We welcome him with open arms.
You make me  ill.
No one has ever shown that trickle down works.
I know who you guys are, but in case everyone else is new to the game, I fixed your tweet for you...
see, we do need government, don't we?
I would be there as a protester if I didn't have a real job.
I hope you have $40 to get a Trump USA/45 hat.
Roy has plenty of "donations" I'm sure he'll get a hat. Though I hope Trump makes him pay for it.
His tax plan would raise taxes on 70% of middle class families & cut taxes for the top 1%. If you care about Missourians you'll fight him.
But he doesn't, so he won't

How do tax cuts for the ultra wealthy help MO families and small biz? Maybe you could clarify the policies at a town hall.
Trump's "pro-growth" tax policies will only help corporations, not the American worker. You know it & Trump knows it and yet you don't care.
I'm not very optimistic
How about denouncing racism for Missouri Families? It's free!
If you were interested in helping Missouri you would be a democrat anyone who supports Trump is unfit for office & borders being a traitor
Is there GOPer with a normal name? Asking for a friend 
Ya! Ask Brownback how those tax cuts worked out for him and Kansas. No money for state programs and jobs evaporated. And ppl chased him out!
Suck up.
Tax cuts for billionaires and corporations are not pro-growth, especially when paid for by cutting services to working poor.  #notonepenny
Senator @RoyBlunt, are you willing to condemn @POTUS's pardon of Arpaio? Why is @POTUS excusing torture and ethnic persecution in the U.S.?

Don't shake his hand, it will come back covered in slime.
You mean giving tax breaks to the extremely wealthy so that the middle class is wiped out? That plan? Be careful Roy your wallets open again
no tax cuts for rich.   no more money for his security- he is over budget.     need- money for education retraining and healthcare.
I'll echo another response to your tweet. When are you going to do a real town hall and face the people? #wheresroy ?
Good luck with that happening. Blunt has his nose so far up tRumps ass it would get broke if  tRump made a sharp turn.
Love your tweet Mr Blunt we support you and our great President
All #MO families or just some? We (Missouri residents) want real details! Stop selling us code words.
What I look forward to? Trump going to jail.  Will you visit him on weekends can he count on your loyalty? Will you carry his water then?
ROFL your a joke, and the POTUS is useless and knows Nothing. I simply can not wait for the day both of you are out of office.
Looking forward to reading your policy paper where you define your pro growth tax policy.
trickle down does notvwork.  look at kansas.   we dont want Missouri or US to join kansas
kiss my bauls

You would look forward to spending time with a traitor racist that has his own self interest at heart birds of a feather
Don't lie. He's a white supremacist supporter and your failure to call him out by name is tacit agreement. And neither of you care about MO

How about working on money to help Houston.
Specifically, how would the tax cuts (not reform) benefit MO families? Trickle down economics have proven to be a fallacy historically.
will there be a town hall afterwards? asking for a friend.
Hell to the NO! @RoyBlunt will not face us & answer questions! Maybe he'll answer Bob's questions, cuz its Mueller Time People!
Finally!
Giving tax breaks to the rich and taxing those who work for them to death

Looking forward to being in the presence of the Donald ... ??? Blunt must be some sort of ghoul
He is. He's a cancer survivor chomping at the bit to take away that coverage from Missourians. He delights in the misery of his constituency
Boo
@POTUS doesn't give a flying fart in the wind about families. Gather a big crowd. Then he might care. A bit. For the size of the crowd.
You have no good ideas or good intentions for Missouri people go crawl back under your rock with YOUR president you make me sick!!!!!!!!
look at how u voted on the terrible healthcare bill.  i am SURE u know how bad thatvwould have been on your people
That's our Missouri Senator he's no Flake.
Birds of a feather
Tax Cuts for  Trump and the 1 % Start caring about all Americans
@realDonaldTrump will destroy the GOP.

You both are working to set this country back 50 years. No thanks.
I actually think they're going further back than that!
Bracket cuts are necessary here
