Sure it should.  Separation of state!
.@RoyBlunt Trinity is a private, not a public agency, and is NOT entitled to $ earmarked for public schools (already in short supply).
.@RoyBlunt I know Betsy DeVos paid campaign expenses for both you& your son Matt, but PLS do your job for Missouri!
Why not?  We deny benefits to all other religious establishments as well.  Playground "stuff" sounds innocuous, but is the camel's nose.
Are the private school facilities open to the public or just certain people who pay tuition?  Public $ should=public access.
how about you hold a townhall meeting.  We could discuss...
The government shouldn’t be able to categorically deny benefits to the sick simply because they’re sick
The government shouldn’t be able to categorically deny benefits to women simply because they’re women
I disagree. If you are a religious non profit, you shouldn't get my tax money. Your playground is also where you teach religion.
what if it was a mosque that wanted a rubberized playground?
The government shouldn’t be able to categorically deny benefits to LGBTQ simply because they’re LGBTQ
How much $ has #TrinityLutheran donated to you and your family?
Then they should pay taxes to receive those benefits.
Gov shouldn't deny health coverage simply because they are poor. Jesus would support social structures for all. #showme
Bogus, how courts force my money to be spent on illegal aliens but not on Christians who legally live in America#riseupconservatives!
No separation of Church / State?  You're gung-ho for govt benefiting churches, but not the poor?  WHY do u republicans hate us so much?  
Does the church pay taxes? If not, then yes, they should be denied
They should pay taxes then.
I disagree.
The government shouldn’t be able to categorically deny benefits to hungry kids simply because they’re poor
The government shouldn’t be able to categorically deny Medicaid payments to @PPact simply because they provide safe & legal abortions.
so "religious" people can discriminate because of religion AND get state funding to do so? Do LGBT kids get to play on playground?
@RoyBlunt you are wrong. Separation of church and state is what makes us work!
How about a guy that starts a church to worship Trump, or trees or himself? Which is a religon? All of them.
Religion is discriminatory and is NOT the same as public organizations.
Actually they should. There is no picking one religion over another. That is exactly the result if your thinking prevails.
the government shouldn't be able to categorically deny Americans a GOOD Affordable education but they gave us DeVos.
Yes, Roy is a staunch DeVos supporter/beneficiary. This is part of their attack on public education to include funding of private schools.
#TrinityLutheran is already subsidized by the government due to their tax exempt status
You might have a point if religious institutions weren't trying to play both sides of the fence on this religious freedom stuff.
Exactly!
Wrong!
Re-read the constitution!
If any religious org asks for gov support for its "mission", even if that mission is a school, is unconstitutional unless granted to all
Maybe you could actually host a #TownHall and see how your constituents feel, especially public educators as you rally to take funds from us
The government shouldn’t be able to categorically deny benefits to minorities simply because they’re minorities
The government shouldn’t be able to categorically deny benefits to refugees simply because they’re refugees
I agree Senator Blunt.  I also agree with the voucher system for schools
Yes, they should. Haven't you claimed to love the Constitution? Have you read it? #VoteRoyOut #TrinityLutheran
No, the state of MO is going to lose this, as they should under the First Amendment. Even justices like Kagan seem to be against Missouri.
Are you familiar with the principle of separation of church and state? You are out of touch with your constituents! #Bluntforsale
If they are going to act like a business or receive tax money, then tax them like a business. Keep it separated @RoyBlunt ! #MakeMOBetter
Gov run amuck crazy, insane what is going on. Thank you
But it's okay for hobby lobby to categorically deny employees benefits because of religion.
It's about time for religious organizations to start paying taxes
So Roy since when have Corporations & Churches getting federal/state money become categorically more important to you than us!!
our government shouldn't be able to categorically deny Americans the right to clean air water, and energy but you did!
why would our government categorically deny the middle income tax breaks but continues to give them to corporations?
why would our government want to categorically deny GOOD AFFORDABLE healthcare to all Americans?
is it right that Trump categorically won't tell us he either lied about the really big "Armada" going to NK or he lost it!
is it fair that you, our elected government representative,  categorically denies us the right to have a townhall to talk to you?
maybe if Trinity Lutheran wants federal grants and money they should consider paying taxes - just saying fair would be fair.
but it would be okay for the government to deny insurance companies payments to harm Americans healthcare? Who are you?
Crap.  I agree with you.
roflmao....
Certainly, then, you'd support government grant funds for a Muslim organization, right? #ChristianityIsntTheOnlyReligion
Yes the can & they should This has nothing to do w/ religious freedom. It's a PRIVATE school! Ppl can worship whoever they want. No $. Easy
If that's the case, the government shouldn't categorically deny benifits to any service based on ANY religious standard, including abortion
You mean... the government shouldn't be able to separate themselves from religious services?! Hmm...that sounds like I read that somewhere..
Why did Mo re-elect this idiot?  #OutWithGOP
Yes they should! Ever hear of separation of church and state?
Unless you read The Constitution -- which you apparently haven't done in a while.
Uh, actually, yes, yes they should. It's called SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE. We could explain it to you at a town hall.
The state shouldn't give tax money to churches. Co-mingling religion & gov't is the real infringement on freedom.
If they're not paying taxes then fuck yes they should.
I guess...as long as the Muslim school gets the same benefits.
Would you say the same if a Muslim church asked for federal dollars? Once again Roy, represent your constituents, not just party. #SCOTUS
Obviously I meant state dollars here  Regardless the separation between church and state is FUNDAMENTAL Roy.
@All100Senators Will you say the same for synagogues, mosques, temples,..ALL religious organizations? SEPARATION of Church & State
Separation of church and state!!!!
At least that's what the Constitution states.
The important question to ask yourself is will your wife and kids be able to profit from it
Separation of church and state as stated in US Constitution.
Why don't you have a town hall so we can discuss this in person?
They don't pay taxes.  I think that is giving them enough!  Plus churches can discriminate.
Separation of church and state....remember
I'm sorry, but aren't they exempt from paying taxes because they ARE religious? Can't have it both ways.
For being in government for as long as you have you seem to have forgotten the fact of SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE
To sum up: you're willing to confirm a passel of incompetents to cabinet, gut the environment, trash the 1st A but not meet with MO voters?
Church - State - Separation.  Heard of it?  It's in that little document called the Constitution.
So, can a non-faith-based not-for-profit hospital get federal funds for a new parking lot? Just wondering.
It's called separation of church and state. It's in the Constitution.
I realize this is Twitter, but you grossly simplify with your 'simply because they're religious' statement.
Maybe read your Constitution.
Where would it stop? It's a terrible idea, that's why the law doesn't allow it, right? What changed between then & now? Who made those laws?
didn't know the Show-me state was the "show-me bullshit" state
FYI UofA faculty use leadership roll/facilities/funds to cope w/ personal perceived defeat. Public funds have no ethics oversight
It's convenient to forget about separation of church and state when its a CHRISTIAN church, yes?
separation of church and state was not to keep church out of state /keep state from telling people how and what to believe. Founding fathers
If it gives benefits to Trinity Lutheran, then it should also give benefits to ALL OTHER churches.  ALL.  No picking and choosing.
But separation of church and state, you know.
Yes I can it's called separation of church and state I don't want my tax money spent there can I spend yours at a mosque
Um, yes. It's separation of church and state. Why should the government spend my tax dollars promoting a religion?
If they want tax funding, they shouldn't be tax exempt
Cool. So will the church of satan be afforded these same grants?
