Please read #DworkinReport for his ties to Russia. Choose patriotism and truth. Country over party.
and apparently, demonstrated recently, insulting one of the greatest civil rights icons of all time.
do you read your responses? I don't see any answers. Hello? Hello? You listening? #nobodyhome
& ur a bigger phony than @realDonaldTrump! Make America broke again! Like Bush did
Why didn't Blunt stop Obama/McCaskill from tearing down the Chrysler plants in Fenton https://youtu.be/ow1It6ByXMU  impacting 43,000 St. Louis job
Shame!
If only we remind ourselves that we vote to keep you in - since 1996.
Do not take our health insurance
You're in favor of DeVos repealing education and replacing with a focus on all students learning Russian. GOP: all Putin asscunts.
Just don't put DeVos in as Education Secretary.  Our kid's future depends on it.
Does "business as usual" mean "insuring millions of people"? Because that seems to be the thing you're getting away from.
Do you take us for idiots?
investigate Russian and Trump collusion, don't cover it up!
It has been covered. No voting machines were hacked.
Obviously it hasn't. You like investigations until it's ur party. Hypocrite much?
NOT a hypocrite at all!CNN Russia's role is shocking but there's no evidence the vote was hacked. Try tolerance.
http://luckovich.blog.ajc.com/2017/01/13/0115-mike-luckovich-string-theory/ … Comey's election tampering was just fine? You're happy being a colony of Russia?
I put a CNN article up so that liberals wouldn't be freaked out. Didn't work! So dramatic. Move on!
http://www.knssradio.com/pages/22988287.php?contentType=4&contentId=19041467#.WHuEhCm9I8c.twitter … How many liberal votes were thrown in the trash? There can't be this many fools in America.
how many illegals both were counted? Mr. Obama called for it
Who will fill the Dems' empty seats at inauguration? Hoping it will be Vets, police officers, firefighters! #MAGA @transition2017
You "delegitimicize" yourself as a U.S. senator practically every time you open your mouth.
if you continue to believe that the ACA isn't valuable, I will continue to preach to others how we shouldn't have voted for you
‍ #illegitimatePresident #treason #DominionVotingSystems
Rush to kill ACA w/o ready replacement sounds just like Business as Usual. No change apparent.
@madamecrab @RoyBlunt THEY'LL JUST RENAME IT. THEIR HAND WAS **CALLED** & THEY GOT NOTHING. I'M GONNA ENJOY TRUMPER MISERY.
You should change business as usual. @BetsyDeVos gave over $33k to your campaign in trade for your support. #RecuseYourself
I hope you are interested in resolving conflict of interests before forging ahead with this new administration. #movoter
the president elect is a moron and if you can't see that, you are too! #NotMyPresident
you are the swamp.
If changing business as usual means colluding with Russia and denying freedom of the press, then I prefer business as usual.
You're on the Intelligence Committee, supposedly investigating Trump's Russia ties. I hope that's what this meeting was about. @RoyBlunt
It would be a shame for you if there ended up being a conflict of interest between you and the PE. @RoyBlunt #treason
perhaps PE would be a little more focused if he quit trashing people on Twitter. The people you admire & support reflect on you.
thoughts business as usual? Like hiding in DC for years, ignoring your constituents, and raking in cash?
does this include veto of any #ACARepeal until a replacement is passed. #NoLapse
It appears to me that he was focused on yelling at a civil rights hero this morning. You must tell @realDonaldTrump that was wrong
get busy-deprive us of health insurance- cut social security-forget the environment- build that wall and tax cut for billionaires.
reveal your plan to insure the 30 million Americans you just took insurance from for purely political revenge. Shame on you.
in the same way you work for the military and vets by voting against them every chance you get. your Fuhrer is not my President
???   All I see are tweets praising Putin and attacks on those who disagree with him.  This is going to be a disaster.
why haven't you changed business as usual the last 6 years?
biz as usual keeps your  family pockets lined & glitz lifestyle funded-Tried to gut ethics reform right out of the gate, didn't u?
@repjohnlewis Loved to have heard you speakup during DJT Birther scandal against POTUS. Rep. Lewis is exercising his rights,voice.
20 years in Congress - complains about business as usual.
why haven't you changed business as usual in your two decades in Congress? How would your lobbyist family survive if it changed?
You’ll feel right at home back in the swamp.
Kerp pre-existing conditions. Comment now
called your office today.Said you haven't made a statement yet on Repealing&Replacing insurance same day.No lapse in coverage.
like ruining this country?  You are lucky this state outside of STL and KC is full of rubes
I hope you moderate your rhetoric. ACA is the best thing to happen for people with no health care. Works for MO people. For all!
Every new tweet from @RoyBlunt is more unsettling than the last.
listen to your constituents. Just because you can destroy people's lives, doesn't mean that you have to. #BeBetterThanYouHaveBeen
Trump is a traitor, and so are you if you fail to stop him.
#SaveACA #trumpiscompromised This Missourian does not support you, and, for the first time, is telling all who will listen.
Throwing millions off health insurance without any replacement is criminal.
call their offices.His told me no statement yet.McCaskill officeRude.No comment. Hartzler voting to have a discussion
Clear as mud.
What exactly do you mean? No repeal of ACA w/out replacing. No cuts to SS, Medicare or Medicaid. Support Medicare expansion in MO
you are referring to one of the least popular incoming administrations in history, fyi.
I sure hope you get those health insurance premiums down.
You are the swamp.
You're joking, right?
clearly focused = tweeting incoherently.

destroying America, one bill at a time. #Goldenshower #CorruptCabinet #RussiaGate #DemandSpecialProsecutor
So hate, homophobia, abusing women, shoveling money to the 1%, your basic republican agenda.
Change business as usual.   You're not concerned Trump might be colluding w/ a foreign govt. Don't start smelling yourself too soon.
haha you're part of business as usual
r u kidding me!! The man is insane and so r u for standing behind this buffoon
Well, you certainly have that opportunity.
please get him off twitter. A national  embarrassment daily.
You plan to deprive me of health care. Is that the best use of your time?
OMG. Really?  How many Goldman Sachs employees did he appoint?  Please. Be real.
Sure, policies change. Administrations change. But ethics knows no party; its popularity won't dip in polls. Be a patriot. Yes-S65
No he isn't. He is too busy tweeting and fighting, fighting with the media and using empty folder props
I hope your party get rid of Obamacare so poor ppl wakeup & realize its not about race its about Class & No Class ppl running USA!
And that change might be what?  As a constituent I would like to know why now What have you done for anyone other than your family

If your senator is on the list, call them and tell them you're following the money. #DumpDevos h/t @BadassTeachersA 
So with all the Goldman Sachs members in cabinet positions...GOP business as usual all the way down MdlClas gets hosed

If your senator is on the list, call them and tell them you're following the money. #DumpDevos h/t @BadassTeachersA 
dont insult those with special needs!
Thank you!!!
I've rare signet ring cell cancer. My LIFE depends on healthcare. What's the replacement? Pls keep the pre-exist, no cap, HELP!
Roy is going to replace your healthcare with the usual GOP non-answer:  thoughts and prayers.
You took more lobbyist gifts than any other senator. YOU are "business as usual," YOU are the problem.
