Your Bipartisan failure to expand Medicaid was a big part of the problem.  Why don't you own it and quit blaming Dems
ACA didn't do this, greedy insurance companies did!
I could not agree more. Take the profit for insurance companies out of the equation.
we'll remember this come election day. You do not represent me. This is a murderous action.
Stop pointing fingers and come up with an alternative. We are sick of petty partisan blame game. What's your solution?!
And improved healthcare for 10s of millions of Americans. If you can't fix it, why would you do better starting from scratch?
without the ACA I would not have health insurance. The claims you're making are exaggerated. Please don't gut this law.
at same time there are good components of the plan. subsidies allowing parents to keep their children on their plans not all bad
Obamacare increased my healthcare options from basically none to a few. And I got to keep my doctors!
This is wrong on every account...... I'm a small business owner and low health insurance means I can spend more on my BUSINESS...
WHAT are you proposing as a replacement??
false. I was not able to afford healthcare before the ACA. #SaveACA
ACA works for my family! And I dont even qualify for subsidies!  Repeal before a replacement explained and vetted defies logic!!
Propose a better plan, and we'll support it. But you're ignoring that coverage rates have never been higher.
Obamacare has offered lifesaving relief to millions. Let's not forget that, too.
do not repeal it, modify it where needed. Do not allow repeal of coverage for existing conditions!
That is a lie!!
It also gave insurance to those didn't have it and forced insurance companies to cover preexisting conditions.
How about ACA 2.0? Out goes the baby with the bath water. Why do you think Apple is on version 7.0?
the #ACA gave me the ability to have insurance. Don't ruin it!
you are not telling the truth
I'm pretty sure it's the insurance companies that did that.
Obamacare is covering MILLIONS of people. Do NOT repeal until there is something better to immediately replace it. #keepobamacare
saying it doesn't make it true.  Show us the evidence! Show us a better plan!
that is minor compared to 20 million thrown off there insurance. You are so bent on repealing yet none of you has a new plan.@RoyBlunt
Who owns you? Have you ever spent a week in Iron County, MO? They need ACA. Just kill ppl w/Leadlaced water, cheap cigs, no med's!
& it's also allowed people to have health insurance for the first time EVER. Once again you can't bother to tell the WHOLE STORY
Perhaps you should shadow a primary care doctor for a bit before you make rash decisions about the ACA.
I hope you come up with something better to #Obamacare. You own it now
how did ACA force people off plans and drs they liked? Please get your facts right, listen to people you serve. All people, please
please repeal the ACA at your earliest convenience. 

Sincerely,
A constituent
and I'm speaking as one of your constituents
It's also guaranteed access to affordable birth control, maternity care, & made sure you aren't denied for preexsisting conditions
States who refuse to expand Medicaid, leave subsidies needed by constituents at table. Your pointing at the wrong side. #obamacare
Obamacare also caused many doctors to quit or retire. I lost 4.
It has also allowed my college aged children to obtain health insurance and provided health coverage for foster youth who have aged out.
If Obamacare is so bad, you have yourself to blame. You had 6 years to fix it but did nothing.
a lot of these ppl had "phantom" insurance - it was only there until they really needed it.
what about the 500k Missourians who got healthcare on the ACA? You don't care about them? Where is the replacement pan?
I'm a constituent. I don't support repeal w/o replacement. You've had years to come up with one. What's your plan? #ACA
and as your constituent, I urge you to plan your "replacement" carefully
the millions you're referring to represent 2% of the total insured population in the US
ACA has helped millions get coverage. As an MD, I hear daily from patients panicked about repeal w/o replacement in place
#NoRepeal make improvements don't repeal. You. Must. Listen. To. Your. Constituents! #WatchingBlunt #AmericansDying4Insurance #ACA
You can't just repeal ACA withoutb a replacement ready. Your constituents' lives are at stake. Fix it or get a replacement ready!!
.@RoyBlunt You pols had to use #ACA when it passed. If you kill it w/o replacement, what will you give yourselves? Serious question.
where you getting that info?
No. ACA has been a godsend to millions of Americans. We need to continue to work for 100% healthcare access, coverage & affordability
I have insurance thanks to the ACA and its subsidies.  Without the subsidy I cannot afford insurance.
so what is your plan?
you're a member of the majority party in Congress. Anything wrong with the ACA is partly due to your years of inaction.
So what's your plan to make it better???? Because people WILL die with ACA repeal.
It also lets ppl with pre-existing cnditns and <26 get insurance. Cvrs well visits, vaccines and helps brstfeding moms. Stand for these ppl.
make a better cost effective plan & ill support it. Until then, people's lives are at stake.
It's also decreased the uninsured rate in MO by 26%. Not perfect, but should be fixed, not repealed. What is YOUR better plan?
costs are up because pharmaceutical companies want to make a profit of off people's health
With obamacare you can't unless your working at a "real" job, stay at home adults unless married with gov. license, can't buy insurance now
I'm you're constituent; I don't agree. Uninsured rate is lower than its ever been. Repealing without replacing is irresponsible.
can't wait to see what you and the boys come up with...#goldenshowergate #StopSessions #GoldenKarma #Impeach
Why didn't the state of MO est it's own exchange the ? Also it's the #ACA. Your a Sen. you know this, have integrity to call it by its name.
then tell us your plan…you’ve had 6 years.
It's not a perfect system, but until you have a plan in place, you shouldn't repeal the ACA for the sake of politics.
Millions more people have health insurance, including people in MO. I get the feeling you don't know how important that is.
It's also helped people with pre-existing conditions get insurance and kids can stay on their parents' insurance until they're 26.
Hey Senator, how many repetitions of a lie do you think turns it into the truth? The ACA helped, not thanks to you.
u are such a #liar poor ppl didnt have drs. #gop #sucks
And for Missourians who depend on #Obamacare it's just an SOL until the #GOP can FINALLY create a counter plan?
Wrong.
AML+FLT3+19yo+>$1M in bills +prex condition=ty #aca for saving my baby's life. #coveragematters #the27percent
same thing will result with a blanket repeal of the ACA. Would also add significantly to the deficit. What's your plan to replace?
