And by hard working families I mean my fellow 1%ers. F all the rest of you right papa Trump
Unfortunately the @GOP tax plan always involves hard working Americans slaving for trickle-down. $8-9 hr, while CEOs get record profits
you must be talking of only the 7 digit people.
How about raising the federal minimum wage?  That would do it, too.
So how much will your taxes be cut?
Don't you know Fox News is fake news.
We need to replace you.
You cannot be trusted
Roy your president as you call him,  is trying to cut taxes for the rich. The poor will pay the bills, wake from your dream land.
We need to end institutional welfare, be tougher on rioters in St. Louis, change liberal agenda that is destroying cities like St. Louis
We are better served by making changes in health insurance laws rather than tax code.  I pay $2200/month for sh*tty insurance.  Your fault!
But what are you going to give to yourself and the 1%?
Yes, & do away with the " Death Tax"! When little some of us do have, we'd like to leave to our children!
If you're only leaving "a little" to your children, there's no inheritance tax.
What do you know about hard working families?
We are not fooled by the Trump tax plan, it's a tax break for the rich, not for us
When are you going to call out Trump? He tweeted a gif showing him knocking Hillary down with a golf swing. He demeans the presidency.
The last change to the tax code by GHWB left me owing tons.  Don't change it, fix it please.
As you killed the unions. Your full of it. #TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist #NotMyPresident #no2righttowork #union
where are you,you need to help stop the riots  Your contribiting to the problem 
#notdoingadamnformissouri
1.) You need to tell ALL Missourians even the rural white republicans that live here that the new GOP health care bill will end coverage for
2.) pre existing conditions, maternity care will be extra, Medicaid is slashed for ALL, and it just gets worse! You voting no, right?
No. Roy is literally chomping at the bit, to issue death sentences to millions of Americans. He wants them to die.
Proud to support @lindseygrahamSC @billcassidy bill that would provide better health care for Missourians http://bit.ly/2ya7Kpw  (1/2)
This will only increase take home pay for those who already have more that enough of everything.
Like doing away w/ the deduction for state and local taxes paid??  I hope someone is keeping track, u have 2 b setting records on bs meter.
I agree, for hard working families.  The rich generally don't fall into that category
I have heard that so many times from the GOP it is expected.  When will Tax Reforms actually do that?
Why does anyone who pays attention think Senator @RoyBlunt will decrease taxes for rich people by a huge amount, but working people, little?
A few dollars a week in take home pay does squat when you don't make a livable wage.
Boycott Missouri. This is a racist state ran by racists. Police are allowed to kill in cold blood. There is a reason for the travel advisory
I'd rather boycott stupid people.
You don't give a rat's behind about hard working families. Having a few town halls in person, in Missouri, would help!
He does visit MO but he only cares about KC and the farm towns.  Won't come within 50 miles of St. L and we need him here NOW.
He's useless.
Thank you for putting the people first!
You do realize that Blunt supports Trumps Plan that makes Alzheimer's a pre-existing condition
Stop talking and just do it!!
Tell us what you proposed tax brackets are.  You said a whole lot of nothing in that interviews
What assurance do we have that this will be equitable.  No breaks for the rich at the expense of middle class and poor.
If you really want to help talk to DOL to raise the prevailing wages
Well then y'all get busy senators. Americans r tired of waiting. Get busy
YOU need to stop everything you're doing, come to St. Louis and HELP THIS CITY!!  We are in turmoil here and you do NOTHING!
Still watching you and NOT liking what I'm seeing! #KARMA
You, sir, are as complicit in what is going on in Washington as McConnell, Ryan, et al. Who will go to jail and who will slither by. #GUILTY
If you did care, maybe you would meet with your hardworking Missourians.......FACE TO FACE! #COWARD
You, sir, could not care less about "hardworking families." It's all about lining your and your cronies pockets. More, More, More! #GREEDY
I know this is a little ol' state in the middle of this large country, but do you really think we are stupid? #WhoAreYouKidding ??
Medicare For All tax the rich and get it done.
We need something done right for once. Don't let this slip away like healthcare!
You keep saying, "hardworking families," but you don't say which ones. So which voters get the help; poor, middle, or wealthy?
Tax reform that eliminates deductions for low & middle income to give tax cuts to the wealthy is an abomination like @realDonaldTrump
Sounds great Roy, but then you'll vote for a bill that only helps the 1% and screws everybody else.
Your actions speak louder than your words. Would work to elect my neighbors cat over you this time.... #fakesenator
Senator Blunt @RoyBlunt release your taxes pretty sure your tax plan will cut your taxes more than the taxes of most Missourians #TaxReform
Please define “hardworking families.”
Once u guys destroy hcare, any extra money we might have had will be used 2 provide health services 4 our families. We'll work more for less
no tax cuts to rich and big business. trickle down does not work. look at kansas!
You and Brownback must be lovers. He tried that and his state is broke.
Really, what are you doing to smooth the way so that workers get a raise? I'll tell you...nothing. You are a supporter of right to work.
The hell with your lies, don't insult my intelligence,  my mind dwarfs yours
Some more trickle down?
What's insulting is that you think your constituents believe your bullshit? If it's about "take-home pay" why not support min. wage bump?
Our schools, police, fire dept, public parks, and more need money. How will you increase their funding?
This is a con-job of GOP using take-home-pay as the excuse to give mega corp's & top 1% big tax breaks
Ok so make it happen
Another way u could make the vast majority of people better off is 2 legalize marijuana and tax it. Bring that money out of the underground
Thos three things take up most of our income. If you really want to stimulate the economy then do things like raise the minium wage.
We also need an Efin wall! Now fund an Efin wall! We need Obamacare repeal. Now Efin repeal it! Stop playing the Efin games!
Sir I know this may come as a surprise to u, but for most of us the last thing we are worried about is taxes. Rent, food, and transportation
Raise taxes on the ultra wealthy. The wealthy know they can pay the taxes. Tax the lower income people less so their take home pay is higher
You're literally one of the most corrupt Senators of all time.

You only care for the rich.
You are a liar and don't care about the people of Missouri!
The American people know that trickle down economics don't work and we won't accept a worse version of the Bush Tax Cuts
I'd rather #MedicareForAll
So are the poorest getting the largest increase in tax home pay & the richest the lowest? Or are you still advocating tax cuts for the rich?
This bill has nothing to do with "regular families" unless you consider the billionaire Walton family to be middle class.
So that means no tax breaks for Corp.and to reform thier write offs and let families deduct thier mortgage interest
I'd like to see that letter... I'm sure Blunt left out some important details...
We need 4 u to stop dodging us TOWNHALLS NOW AND THEN LISTEN!! 
#RepMONotGOP
#LastTerm4blunt
Of course you are safe and unchallenged on fox, come home and speak to us in Springfield!
Or mid- Missouri! (He won't)
Before @GOP does anything, they must #impeachTrumpnow @realDonaldTrump is a threat to our democracy. #nuts #GOP
If you can do that without cutting taxes for the rich and for corporations, I'm with you.
Best way to increase our take-home pay is to support #MedicareForAll  Paying for healthcare takes a huge bite out of our budgets @RoyBlunt
Healthcare for all would add money in our pockets and security in our minds  so work on that instead of acting like tax cuts are for us
All talk no action
And vote you out that what are tax code needs.
Zero political capital left for the Republicans. Take a long vacation, and update your resume, Sir
With who's money? Cause I'm not paying for it! #impeach #nowall #istandwithdaca #blacklivesmatter
We need to make it better for #JobCreators to create more jobs, not choke them out like barry obozo tried to do.
We need to tax corporations and 1% as we use to, during the Eisenhower years, cut back on the Most bloated military budget since Rome.
Tax cuts for the rich didn't make that happen under Reagan, Bush 1, Clinton, or Bush 2. Why is it going to start working now?
.... wealth envy much?
Let us know when you feel like talking to those "hardworking families".

Most congresspeople do it in form of Town Hall.
Tax cuts for the rich and death care for the rest!! Lets have a town hall and talk about it.
bogus. youre a shill for corporate tax reform. not the answer!
Senator Blunt I'm one of your constituent in Mo keep in there fighting for our POTUS and his agenda. Don't be a do nothing like McConnell
Stop lying. Start supporting your constituents. The Republican healthcare bill does not do that
@thehill I'd like you to meet my lying Sen Blunt! He works for lobbyists, not people of Missouri! He votes for everything Trump wants!
AKA we must give more Corp Welfare,and tax cuts to Trump and the 1 precent donors ,Let the working man pay
Congrats on admitting that your wealth envy is obscuring your vision and common sense, Ellen.
Then explained Eric greitens how bad right-to-work is for missourians. Now will you work with Democrats on Healthcare
Neat. Too bad the reforms you support don't do that. Grow up and stop lying. If you can't quit lying, quit your job.
Could that be because those making 100000 or more are tbe ones actually paying the bulk of taxes. Cant cut taxes for those not paying any
Or our tax dollars can stop subsidizing them, and giving them access to tax breaks that give them effective tax rates lower than than median
So,that is why you stand for tax cuts for the rich, not the middle class and were OK with lowering minimum wage?  You lie and cheat.
Any tax cut is going to benefit the rich most because they are the ones actually paying the vast majority of the taxes
