
#GrahamCassidyBill is a lie inside a financial mystery inside an enigma of who will insure pre-existing conditions.

@LindseyGrahamSC @weeklystandard This is the antithesis of PRO LIFE
to Medicaid, severe cuts and total destruction later. You will be killing people. Represent your state as you are supposed to.
am a constituent. You are killing healthcare by voting for this. No protection for pre-exist conditions, caps on healthcare, cuts
So pro life goals huh, so no more death penalty, no more wars, getting rid of guns. That is pro life, is that what you mean?
Oh and healthcare for all, that is pro life too.
Sen. Blunt, Graham-Cassidy bill might be our best shot in right direction of giving back control to the states 4 HC ins solutions. Vote Yes
Please vote NO on graham/cassidy. This is not about your $ or your friends or GOP. It's about healthcare for your constituents.
You are lying about graham/cassidy. This will devastate your state. You are a public servant. You are supposed to represent
So, no abortions?  Who will care for the unwanted children?  You want to destroy Planned Parenhood!   Planned is the key here.
https://twitter.com/ASlavitt/status/908676428056662016 … If your goal is to HARM AMERICA.... you are doing a bang-up job.
Study: ‘Obamacare’ repeal or replace would increase uninsured veterans, strain VA - Stripes https://www.stripes.com/study-obamacare-repeal-or-replace-would-increase-uninsured-veterans-strain-va-1.487557#.WbvOdORasod.twitter …
And it takes away/drastically cuts healthcare to millions. So...no.

Pro-life: woman forced to have baby, woman not helped to take care of baby, baby becomes armed robber & kills, now gets killed lethal inject
It needs to die, pull the plug


Making pregnancy cost 17X the cost of abortion does not advance pro-life goals
Pro-life? It removes protections for pre-existing conditions, takes insurance from millions hard working Americans.
Local health centers do serve their rural communities efficiently and would benefit greatly from this approach.
Senator Blunt, if this is a sound bill, why have all 50 State Medicaid directors denounced it?
your constituents, not the repub party or your donors. Graham/Cassidy will result in 1000s of Missourians losing healthcare. I
So now that we know you don't care abt American lives, what's your excuse for supporting this crap? Party line? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
I contacted hour office. You represent us and we do NOT want this
Lying hypocrites like Blunt are all about "PRO-LIFE GOALS" but once you are born and get sick you are on your own. Swim or sink baby.
Why do bitter old white men hold womens health hostage in every insurance plan. Disgrace to the office

How many times do your constituents have to tell you the same thing? Republican plans for healthcare are appalling & not what we need! NO!
Advances pro-life goals huh? It will financially crush Americans & will kill more than 9-11 each year #KillerBill
Primary goal of health care plan should NOT BE ADVANCING PRO-LIFE GOALS.  You have no rights over MY BODY!  @womensmarch @SenSanders
Its a stupid bill that eliminates millions of peoples healthcare!!  Stop your bullshit.
We do not want this. Start working with democrats to fix the ACA


@LindseyGrahamSC I hope when ur time comes nothing will help you. How you can write something that will kill ppl is evil. #Devils
Stop the games with people's lives.  Repair and strengthen the ACA!
The ACA saves American lives.
Stop pushing your rebranded #trumpcare and support #medicare4all! -constituent from Greenville
Seems like a pretty agreeable idea. Better representation by allowing states to decide what to do with funds. I think I could support this.
Problem is they wont get enough funds to support their state.
Lindsey  kiss my grits  Hell No !
Disgusting
And the Weekly Standred is still hawking the disproved allegations that baby parts are being sold. Lucky for them free speech includes lies.
@LindseyGrahamSC @weeklystandard idiots want to kill us all
And fodder for your for profit prisons. Just try reading all about life in system. As usual the vulnerable get kicked to curb. Deplorable
Pro life goals ..or just pro baby goals. After it gets here you abandon it to underfunded care where they are undereducated, abused1/
this is awful. all these things are awful.
Wait, what pro-life. You're going to make healthcare impossible for older, poor americans.
You guys are banning viagra too, right? If not, why not?
Nope. Remove Hyde Amendment. I don't see you restricting men's healthcare access.
Not happy w this proposal! Dont vote for it SenBlunt! Don't think many states could cover costs even w block grants!#GrahamCassidy #fixACA
All great reasons to throw it in the trash

I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 

And he's proud of this? Enough to put his name on it? No Lindsey.....we don't want your stinking bill.
Without pro choice fundamentals, this bill is NOT for everyone. Bible thumpers bill!
For being "pro-life," you sure do want to kill a lot of us.
You're a murderer with this bill.
AND forces us to trust state lawmakers, who are bought by insurance/healthcare. @SCGOP is under investigation w/4 criminal indictments!
You know better
NO.  It's just Trumpcare 2.0.  Here's a better idea:  work with on a bipartisan approach.  http://www.fltimes.com/news/problem-solvers-join-with-governors-kasich-hickenlooper-for-bipartisan-healthcare/article_9860c7ff-5284-57ed-8ff6-af1c01c9200f.html …
Picture ruined with that so called hero in the middle .
Get on board with them. Both have good ideas.
WE DON'T WANT THAT ROY!!!
I wonder
I am one of your constituents, Senator. And I did not ask for of this. Stop with the GOP propaganda and fix ACA. #NoRepeal
Funny that all your constituents seem against you #voteoutrepublicans
I absolutely disagree and I'm one of your consituents.  Guts basic care, pre-existing conditions, big cost increases.  Not acceptable.
No!
Pro-life goals are more like pro-birth goals. Pro-life, to me, wouldn't take health care away from the ones in most need.
This sounds TERRIBLE!!  You don't really care about your constituents at all!
Keep your religion out of America's healthcare.
Graham-Cassidy is not a fix, not a solution and not health care. Let go of Repeal&replace and just fix ACA now!

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
It also completely undercuts all the NIH and Alzheimer's groups you've been working with. But you don't care
Horrible. Of course you back it enthusiastically.
"50 different ways to do it" is "50 wasteful ways to fuck it up", Senator. ACA isn't broken. Your leader is just pissed his name isn't on it
What world do you live in? You
Get fucked, Roy
Just no!!
