You think the current Repub admin which is under criminal investigation should be allowed to confirm a Supreme Court Justice?
you mean allowing large corporations to fire someone because he didn't want to die?
#NoGorsuch !  It's a stolen seat.  Merrick Garland also has a independent mind that all R liked until Obama nominated him
no Supreme Court justice with 45 under FBI investigation
It doesn't matter, when the guy who nominated him is under FBI Investigation. It is time to be a real American now. Lock him up.
just read that he is one of 50 senators who voted to monitor our internet activity for financial gain.
Do NOT approve Gorsuch for Supreme Court Justice. Do NOT confirm.
Until an independent counsel conducts a thorough investigation into Trump's Russia ties there should be #NoGorsuch confirmation.
You have to be kidding. He will do as his money backers say
What are you going to do about @SallyQYates? Don't you think we deserve to hear what she has to say? Is the gop american or repub?
please. Why would u support the killing of wolves and bears in their dens?  Barbaric disgusting
You are a sell out. Who do you work for?
.@RoyBlunt don't pretend for a second you'd consider anyone from Clinton had she been under investigation while nominating a SCOTUS judge.
63017
No way, please.
...where is your white hood?
Our founders, who were slave owners and didn't allow women to vote? Perhaps it's time for updated interpretations of the law?
not independent unless ruling in favor of corporations is the "new independent."
, Agree! @RoyBlunt is PRO corporations, just ask wealthy lobbyist family members.
If founding Fathers wanted stagnation, why give us a way to amend Constitution?  I want amendment to recall Sen. Blunt #resist
agree. Never listens to us. One of 50 senators who voted to monitor internet activity for financial gain.
The Constitution was written 230 years ago. Founders were not seers and precedent cannot be ignored. Please vote NO on #Gorsuch
Consider your own skin first: we will not rest until every single #PutinRepublican is rooted from our midst. Are you with Putin?
#stop45yearsofgoruch. #Treason is #afoot.
No! No! No! Please rethink.
No. Just...no.
He is evil and you know it!  Please step away from supporting him.  Him saying a trucker should have to freeze to have a job!?
so it appears you are one of fifty senators who voted to monitor our internet activity for financial gain. Town hall meeting!
Postpone Gorsuch's confirmation hearing until after #IndependentCommission on #TrumpRussiaCollusion #FollowTheFacts
no lifetimes appointments until this president is cleared of assisting Russia in attacking this country.
Do Not do this! This is corruption on your part!
Based on how he has ruled in the past that is definitely not true!!!
Illegitimate nomination from treasonous Trump. Hold on votes until Russia mess finished. @POTUS looks guiltier by the day
No! The Pres. who nominated him is under FBI investigation! The seat was stolen Judge Garland. I am ur constituent!
I feel he's deeply regretful he favors big business. Just the way the law is written. #backatya
URA*ICK..Enjoy
So was Merrick Garland.  "No" on Gorsuch!
Garland...Gorsuch...Garland...Gorsuch...refresh your memory and connect the dots
WHO MADE YOU A MIND READER?  SHAME! SHAME!  GO WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS BACK HOME.  THEY PUT YOU IN OFFICE-THEY CAN PUT OUT TOO!
You think a guy with nearly a year to go can't make a lifetime nomination - but being under FBI investigation for colluding can?
Thanks for selling out to ISPs on today's vote. I'm buying your browsing data the first second I can. Way to screw us!
listen to your constituents! Don't vote him into the SCOTUS!
He is trying to take a stolen seat. Merrick Garland.
When do you ever care about what are founders intended.  You voted for DeVos and our constitution does not mention ed vouchers?
With respect, please wait until Trump is replaced. Don't consider a rec of the liar in chief. Thanks for your service to MO!
Not acceptable. I want it interpreted as we intend it. We are alive now & they aren't. Laws for the living.
You yourself, Roy, are thwarting our Founding Father's intentions. They all believed civil servants like you should put Country Above Party.
The Founding Fathers were humans, not gods. They argued and eventually compromised their way to creating the Constitution.
The most important part of the Constitution that the Founding Fathers created is Article V: the ability for future generations to edit it.
They understood they weren't always right. They understood they couldn't know the future. They understood they were not all-knowing.
Stop treating the Founding Fathers as if they were gods.
Supports #Gorsuch, SupremeCourt nominee, who has history of anti workers rights & anti reproductive rights. Both don't care abt U.
We can't let a questionable POTUS appoint the next Supreme Court Justice. I am from Missouri and I am asking u 2 vote against.
Why do you support PUTIN AND HIS CRONIES
CERTAINLY LUV TO HEAR YOURSELF SPEAK AT THE EXPENSE OF YOUR CONSTITUENTS
NOT MY SENATOR
at the very least POSTPONE Gorsuch vote.  White House is under a federal investigation!
until the Supreme Court reverses his decision
no decision should be made until the investigation about Russian interference & the trump admin is complete. Don't be Russian Roy!
FBI!
NO. THIS ADMINISTRATION UNDER INVESTIGATION FOR ESPIONAGE. DELAY ALL *45 appointments #Trumprussia #russiagate
#district8mo
He's a fascist tool.
no appointee to a stolen seat while the entire Trump admin is under investigation. Gorsch is corp hack, like you.
Please vote to repeal Obamacare!
We need to talk.  Town hall in Springfield now...
The founders intended for truck drivers to die in the snow?  Why do you, Gorsuch & founders hate truckers so much?
#VoteNo #SaveYourSeat
you should be more worried about possibly collusion of Russian gvmt and Trump team.  Independent investigation!
#NoGorsuch
you should have met with M Garland a year ago
it's a stolen seat.  You should have met with M. Garland.  You could have voted no.  NO to Gorsuch
No on #Gorsuch! http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-scotus-schools-disabled-20170322-story.html …
sure.  Like you are.
@tcallenrobert33 That's what the Dem Senators along w/ Graham r afraid of.Dems have blatant disregard for the law,playing politics
.@royblunt Judge Gorsuch is a man who's so evil he ruled a truckdriver was wrong to save his life by disobeying his boss. #StopGorsuch
We have serious business with this Russian Issue and Ignoring it will undermine this Democracy! #RememberMerrickGarland
he is doing well in the hearings, but it's only right to delay until POTUS has been cleared by FBI.
Host a TownHall and let's talk about it, RoyBoy!
If the SCOTUS doesn't write laws, why call their decisions the "law of the land"? Very troubling.
the @Scotus voted unanimously against Gorsuch's ruling against a child with Autism. That says a lot. Again, where are your morals?
absolutely not! No further vote until  @POTUS is cleared of ALL collusion with Russia. My God man, where are your morals?!
prejudice, biased and sucking the big oil c%^*? That wasn't in my history book....
what's the hurry @RoyBlunt? GOP stonewalled Garland. Do your job investigating #Trumprussia and then we can talk about Gorsuch.
yet again Senator if you replace Gorsuch with Garland u end up with the same sentence We in MO know your stance. Just stop talking
this statement makes you a liar.
do not confirm a judge while the investigation is ongoing. We waited a year till Obama was out of office. We can wait a lil more.
Trump colluded with Russia to win & the DNC leak helped all down ballot Republicans. 

Everything you do is illegitimate
That's not what the forefathers intended. 

Keep their names out of it & stop perverting our republic.
You keep spewing this bs, why don't you have a town hall meeting and listen to what I and the rest of your constituents really think?
I am one of your constituents. No further supreme Court hearings until after Russia investigation
I hope not.  The forefathers kept women quiet, blacks enslaved, and the poor down.  If  you want that then u should be voted out.
you misspelled "Merrick Garland".
postpone till President isn't under FBI investigation. Independent investigation is needed NOW Ol Roy.
all proceedings should be halted until the Russian investigation is complete.  #russiagate #StopGorsuch
#MerrickGarland
does he hold seances or something. You can't be serious
@Richard01702798 stop the delay!
Bullshit!
I'm so sick of you rich old white men having all the power. Your days are SO numbered. You know that, right?
wtf does that mean? You disavow Anyone in Any position who doesn't think out of their ass like you. Disgusting. Party before 
Oh right! Probably Another Russia/Trump puppet,,,,just like Nunez, Chaffetz and probably 90% of the Republican Legislators!
Is that why the Supreme Court unanimously overturned one of his rulings today?
we've been through this... as "corporations" intended. Delay vote and INVESTIGATE Trump. No nominations on last year of presidency
he's got 3 more years, lol
you make me ashamed to be a Missourian. You don't represent the people of Missouri. Can't wait until you are voted out of office.
as your constituent I beg you not to support this nominee.
if you vote for Gorsuch you have very bad judgment. #delay until after Russian investigation.
he ruled against a man that was fired from Olathe co. for saving himself from freezing to death. #badjudgement
Do you talk to spirits?  How do you or anyone else really know what the founders intended?
he was unanimously overruled by the Supreme Court today. He obviously has bad judgment.
we don't live in the 1780's no matter how badly you may wish it!
Stop these hearings until @POTUS #Russia investigations r complete. A @POTUS under investigation 4 treason should not nom #SCOTUS
he was just unanimously overturned on his actual ruling. That's like getting an F.
Absolutely not! Look at this WH. Definitely picked by RPreibus & Bannon. Vote nay on this Comrade 
When all of the WH nominees have lied, as does the President, nothing from the WH is credible. FBI investigation needed first
so far Gorsuch has been truthful throughout his hearing. He even said Roe v Wade was 'law of the land'. Look it up.
no judge until #russiagate is fully investigated!  #CountryOverParty
All eight justices already on the High Court decided against of one of his most controversial rulings.For children with disabiliti
https://lawyerscommittee.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/Gorsuch-Report_Final-1.pdf …
Same old defense of Neo-Confederate/Originalism! 'Legislative Intent' protected Segregation/Jim Crow!
. @RoyBlunt Have you even read the over 2500 decisions he's rendered during his career? Didn't think so, bask in your ignorance #NoGorsuch
nevertheless, he was unanimously approved previously by Congress for his current Judicial position. Wonder why? 
what about his unanimous reversal today?
don't confirm. Prez under FBI investigation!
Gorsuch's response to @SenFranken indicates he follows the letter of the law past point of abserdity. As the founders intended?
You shouldn't appoint a SC Justice until Trump/Russia investigation is concluded.
Fat Chance thank you but NO !
does anybody out there know if we actually gets in reads these emails or tweets should have a town hall not be a chicken
When you say "foundered intended" does that include exclusion of women and minorities? Literalism is stupid.
The founders were idiots, Ron.
Merit garland would have also been a good choice but politics prevented it. it was flat-out theft of a nomination by McConnell
So you keep tweeting about confirming a nom chosen by an admin under FBI investigation. We see u & we aren't going away.
.@RoyBlunt  Question for the senator: How do we know what the founders intended about things like women's healthcare, internet privacy, etc?
nevertheless picked by a president investigated for possible high crimes.
No confirmation should be held for a person nominated by a "president" under investigation for treason.
