Your idolization of the #ToddlerInChief is what hurts MO families and businesses. #SameOldStory the rich get richer on the backs of the poor
hey Roy thanks for alerting so many of your farming constituents on this critical speech. it had nothing to do with farming. #OutoftouchRoy
We'll be at your event tonight: https://www.facebook.com/SWMONOW/posts/1816540795325386 … Why don't you come out and talk to us?
Really Roy? There were no real ideas, nothing but words and you're saying it's good? Don't you need to read something first? You want to
The Blunts are lobbyist whores and care nada about us.
Bruce, you'd be hard pressed to find a time when @RoyBlunt ever put #MO GOP ahead of #MO or #USA. If you knew him or parents you'd know it.
GOP policies are hurting everyone in the country.  Democrats must take control of both houses in 2018.
By pro-growth you mean taking more money out of workers pockets for businesses and shareholders
this is something nice to talk about at a town hall.  how about it? your constituents want to talk to you.
1. DJT has no tax plan. 2. DJT is awful and so are you for supporting him. 3. No further points are necessary. Hold a townhall.
But ok. I'm a small-biz owner, and you wanted to impede my healthcare a month ago. Why on earth would I trust you with taxes?
So can you explain fully how this grand tax scheme - er, overhaul - will benefit me personally? Be specific. You can't, but try.
Again with the lies. Lets call it what it is, a tax break for the rich. Your support or Trump has lost any support from me for reelection
Tax cuts trashed the economy in Kansas. Are you looking to do the same to Missouri?
Tax cuts did not trash the ks economy feckless R congress that will not cut irresponsible spending did. They treat us like a blank check.
They continue extravagant spending instead of being responsible. How many households spend more $ than they have and budget > income??
Surely you understand the difference between a household budget and and states economy. Pro tip: they are not the same.
I know you prioritize and don't spend money you don't have for things that are not required in gov and in home.
Did you know that Kansas has the lowest employment growth and is the worst performing economy in the US? It's true. Google it.
Does raising taxes increase jobs growth?
Let me google that for you. Yes. California raised taxes on the wealthiest and has one of the best performing economies in the USA. 
A broken election process is hurting Missouri families and #SmallBiz owners. It's how you and crazy Trump got elected. #Gerrymandering
It's not the broken tax code that is hurting us Roy. Greedy, self serving, bribe taking politicians like you have that job covered.
By pro-growth, do you mean "trickle down". Check the history books, it doesn't do anything for the middle class, just the wealthy.
Not true. Trickle down actually actively hurts the middle class, the working class, and totally screws those living in poverty. #itmf
Let's discuss at a #townhall.
Still solidly doing Trump's bidding, I see. Good little sycophant!
Still haven't seen a plan yet. Same old "trickle down"? It doesn't work.  You and the rest of the @GOP are worthless for average Americans.
I can agree with that, but I can't afford to invest in my business because my health insurance premium is $2200/month with a 10.5K deduct.
We all know that you want to  gave the rich a big tax cut .and gave the poor the shaft.

Warren Buffet: Republicans are trying to get a tax cut, not tax reform http://hill.cm/vLRgeZ0  
Translation: "It's time for ME to get richer and for Missouri families to get poorer."     #TrumpCrimeMob #TaxReformIsForRichPeople
Enemy of the People 
Heil!
The republicans are hurting this country and the Reagan lies are stale. Your party spreads hate and fear while singing in church on Sunday
No, thanks. When will you meet with the people you represent to see what we think?  Town hall?
Lots of angry voters here, Senator. I promise we will all show up at the polls.
People like you are hurting not only Missouri, but the very nation itself. No further tax cuts to the wealthiest 10%.
I have no reasons to believe that anyone in Washington has the leadership traits required to pass meaningful tax reform.
"Pro growth tax policies that works for the people" means taxing the rich/businesses and investing in public infrastructure.
Yes, we should go back to when the top income earners paid a higher tax rate.
You believe Trump has a tax plan for us in Missouri ? His only plans are for him and his family GOP want tax cuts for the rich
So your changing to even more take from the poor and give to the rich.  Typical Rebublicant.
The only pro-growth policy for MO that involves you is you getting voted out of office. You'll enjoy a nice tax break when you're unemployed
Pro-growth is not the same as lining the pockets of big business so they can put more money in off shore accounts.
I wonder what "a pro-growth tax policy" means.  How much is your tax cut compared to someone who make $50,000/year?
You are nothing but a stooge. #wrongsideofhistory
"Pro-growth tax policies" is usually code-speak meaning tax breaks for businesses, but not for the citizens.  Is that what you have in mind?
Pretty sure you and your Trump lapdog mentality are hurting Missouri. Please explain the Trump tax policy. I'm pretty sure you can't.
agree!! Hopeful the tax code can be changed to create jobs. It would be good to reduce taxes on middle class as well
The problem is that @realDonaldTrump and @RoyBlunt don't realize Main St and Wall St aren't the same street.
Would love to know the exact specifics. Don't believe for a minute it'll help my family, friends. Do believe it'll widen the gap in CEO pay.
The term "Snake Oil Salesman" springs to mind when any Republican says they're going to get tax breaks working for "the people".

Also remember to look into Co-Mo Connect as a non government solution to high speed internet in rural Missouri! I have it awesome!
This sounds familiar, you've posted it numerous times already. Your twitter person needs new stuff. We know you aren't doing this yourself.
Whoever is doing the posting should point out the responses. Not working in their favor.
Please explain this. Tax cuts didn't help Kansas. Trickle down didn't work in past admins. Rich just get richer. Poor left behind.
Will you meet with your Missouri constituents to discuss this?
Fact Check: proposed #TaxReform (78% of reductions go to top 20%) wont help regular Missourians & #SmallBiz owners.
https://petitions.moveon.org/sign/right-to-recall-missouri … - Roy, I wanted to ask in person if this was really necessary....
but we keep missing each other at all the town hall meetings you don't have.
Why do you even keep posting? No one here likes you. Stay in D.C. And keep 45 there with you.
Which people, exactly?
I've lived in Missouri for 50 years and we are democrats the republican votes your party has conned. You tax plans are for the rich
Thanks, but my family is doing fine. Now if you take away our health care, @RoyBlunt , that might actually hurt.
You're hurting Missouri families.
Can you explain exactly how the tax code is hurting Missouri families?
GOP Hill aides say there is no plan; all a facade. Only plan floated is taxing 401(k)s to fund corp tax cuts- would hurts lots of MO voters.
You are lucky and I know honored to have been standing with @POTUS today in Springfield Mo.
Sorry....the arguments are not convincing.
Maybe we should raise the min wage to help families out of poverty and spend more at small businesses. Oh wait...
Don't turn MO into Bleeding Revenue Kansas @RoyBlunt
Let's go ahead and eliminate that silly income tax.
to their constituents, have them appoint the US Senators to represent the state's interests.  The senators would then not use federal funds
Yes sen blunt I stand with u and the president. We need tax reform in the worst way.
each state proportional to its population (possibly counting illegal aliens double).  Since state legislators are closer/more accountable
to buy votes.  The states would also discourage senators from supporting the excessive federal bureaucracies.  Keep the money closer to home
Eliminate the 16th and 17th amendments.  Do away with federal personal and business income taxes.  Fund the federal government by assessing
Why won't u hold any town halls u F'n coward?? Afraid of ur constituents? Sometimes the truth hurts!
This is pure BS!! U only want to cut taxes for the 1% the very ppl who needs to be paying more to relieve the burden on the middle class
Broken Chrysler plants in Fenton cost Missouri 43,000 tax paying jobs! Why?
You are correct, broken, but the old republican trickle down economics doesn't work...just ask the people in Kansas.
I'm surprised we don't see a photo of you with your nose up tRumps ass. Did you miss the chance?
Republicans are hurting the Tax code
Speaking of taxes: Did you ask to see the president's tax returns today while you rode aboard Air Force One? Missourians want to see them.
P. S. #townhall if you love The Show Me...Show Me Your Face in public! #townhall
That's road apples
You're right, small biz owners have to pay too much in taxes. Tax the big biz owners more to help us out. #TownHallPlease
Hey @RoyBlunt , you must be teachers pet for your boss!  Sit, stay, bark, beg.  Good boy!  You get the treat now!
You mean pro business anti family policies, right?
U r living in past. I need SPECIFICS as to how a new tax code will help "the people". All I hear from u is bla bla bla.
A broken senator is hurting MO families and #SmallBiz owners. It's time YOU work for the people! #royslostmyvote #fakesenator
Tax Breaks for Billionaires helps only Billionaires.
Yes families and small biz pay for it by closing loopholes for major corporations that have trillions stasted over seas.
no tax cuts for YOU, CONGRESS, THE CABINET, POTUS OR ANYONE ELSE WHO LIVES OFF THE TAXPAYER DOLE
Your broken representation is hurting Missourians.
Actually suck-up senators who do not have town halls, listen to their constituents and then follow the rubble to the ruin of Kansas are
You what to know what is hurting us Blunt, YOU, a broken senator whose only interest is staying in office to make as much money as he can.
Wrong again Roy. Your "pro-growth" tax code will benefit corporations and the 1% and not working families who already struggle.
This is not good @RoyBlunt...  you can say it's for normal families all you want - it isn't.
So good to see you with our President today! #MAGA
i feel like we should have a town hall to talk about this...
Novel idea.
Does pro-growth really mean cutting rates for wealthy and businesses, increase deficit spending, ask middle and lower incomes to pay more?
Just saying.
Roy, the darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!   Dante Alighieri
Yeah I heard that shit under Reagan still waiting for that trickle down economics effect
What tax brackets do you propose @RoyBlunt   I wouls like your opinion, not the GOP leadership
How much will my taxes decrease? Let me spend more in the stores to help small businesses!
Trickle down never has worked and never will work. Just admit you want to get richer on the backs of others.
Ya it so didn't work when JFK or regan did it. Guess u feel those great people in Washington need more of our money.
Obamacare
Which families?  The rich ones, that's who.  Cult45's tax breaks are for the rich.  Help low income families and quit punishing them
(cont) that are already extraordinarily wealthy. 
You ran out of room for that Roy, so I helped you out.
Seriously, just stop lying.
#ComicCon fans got a treat today in #Springfield MO as #Batman foes the "Joker" & "Mr. Sleaze" made an appearance!!
Now which one is the Joker and which one is Mr. Sleaze? This way or this way?
Woe the poor billionaires. $7.70 Missouri minimum wage pathetic. GOP PATHETIC!
Tack on another few years
Time for @POTUS to release his taxes to the public.


You better not mean the Kansas model. How much does KS have to suffer before the GOP accepts that those ideas are garbage?
Not today Satan, not today. You can't fool us. We know who benefits from the tax cuts and it's not us in the middle class.
Not today Satan. Not today.  
Did you enjoy your free ride on AF1? Stop embarrassing MO.
He further tarnished his image by appearing w/ Trump. Senator Ambien.
I'm relieved at how inept you are at your job.

You will get nothing done.
"This will free up millions from the wealthiest American & corporations  to pay for my campaigns!"--@RoyBlunt (if he thought out loud)
"Pro-growth"
Sen Blunt MO knows you're pro-huge tax cuts for the wealthy at the expense of lower & mid class
MO reads @GOP bills, do you?
Funny how Trump's "plan" would also put lots of $$ in his and your pocket at Missourian's expense.
Plan on having a town hall meeting on plan or are u going to sell it to  kids who can't vote to portray you're talking to your constituents?
How about explaining this further.. exactly how will this be better for "MO families" and small biz?
Thanks for stand with America @potus and the people of Missouri, grateful to have you as my senator sir.
We are not going to fall4your voodoo economics aka trickledown economy Forget about it...
TrumpTax is an abomination Eliminates deductions for head of household & earned income credit hurting low & middle income families
You know if Roy is for this it has to be bad for the rest of us.
Coward with no town hall. If you stand with Orange Julius Caesar, you stand with bigotry & hate.  Take a seat.
Did you really think we would forget the 2008 economic disaster caused by @GOP deregulation & tax cuts? Your greed is embarrassing.
So you promise my taxes won't go up. I think by any measure I am solidly middle class. And what about a town hall to discuss specifics?
You're hurting all of us that's why no town hall meetings
Pro-growth means tax cuts for big corporations and the wealthy; you do not have the best interests of your constituents in mind.
You are a liar, Roy. A liar. And either evil or severely delusional about trickle-down.
By people Senator Blunt means rich people. The rest of us...not so much. @msnbc @HuffPost  @KeithOlbermann @nyt @washingtonpost
Lies
Sen. Blunt was just in audience at Springfield, Mo., for @realDonaldTrump speech
Gross
Oh right. Like our neighbor KS? @realDonaldTrump #TheBigCon #GOPLies
You're planing on giving tax cuts to the millionaires and billionaires. That hurts Missouri families. Try again, Senator.
Have to be smoking a blunt to believe anything this trumpkins senator says.
Time for Republicans to do what is right and get this man out of office before he drags us into war.
Details Roy, what are the details? So far, only these few words used to rally the headline readers, but how are you going to do it? #silence
He isn't. Because helping his constituents violates everything his decaying soul stands for.
Knee jerk and lowest common denominator politics are all @RoyBlunt has. Critical thinking is beyond him and the @GOP
"Pro-growth" is code for "tax cuts for corporations and wealthy individuals." You aren't fooling anyone but your base with that nonsense.
The Trump Tax Plan simplified: Corporations and the SUPER wealthy get richer and everyone picks up the tab!  WAKE UP AMERICA!!
We agree Senator. Please listen to voters. GOP is wasting preciousopportunity to get #MAGAagenda done.
No no you know what time it is?

Translation: HUGE TAX CUTS FOR THE RICHEST IN OUR COUNTRY OFF THE BACK OF THE MIDDLE CLASS.  BLUNT/TRUMP TOTAL LIARS!  DON'T BELIEVE THEM!

@PRyan and @stevenmnuchin1 survey ordinary Americans on #TaxReform. You covered corporate CEOs well, time to survey individuals. Cc: @POTUS
I suggest to bring a welder and a waitress to your offices to talk about #TaxReform. Ask them, not only CEOs about their paychecks. Thx.
Is that code for "more tax breaks for the rich while the middle and lower class shoulder the burden"?
This isn't the answer you racist endorsing shill.
