Due to my religious beliefs, I refuse to vote for anyone who has been divorced. How's your 1st wife, Roy? #LoveWon
Please explain how firing someone for what they think or what church they attend is ethical/American
Well color me surprised. When don't you commend this joke of a president? What's your kick back on this?
Unless you are a football player, then  you should be fired for exercising your first ammendment right. Hypocrite.
Millions of American women disagree. If you don't want women to have full citizenship, what's next?
Your @POTUS just increased unwanted pregnancies & abortions by denying women affordable birth control. Thanks @RoyBlunt for abusing women.
You guys sure don’t have a moral problem with coverage for Viagra though, do you? And that’s far less medically necessary.
Let's #PuntBlunt out of office!
He is taking mine away for the ultra conservative so-called christians.
Yeah, such a hero, I take birth control to prevent cancer.  You're really protecting freedoms here. 
Supposed to NRA
Don’t forget u won a narrow race last election. Birth control is medicine. As one of your constituents, this won’t be forgotten. Women vote.
Birth control is also a medicine. It is not just for controlling pregnancy but to control bleeding, hormonal imbalances, fibroids and more.
Also women whose pregnancy would be very high risk. I have epilepsy and pregnancy could kill me and the baby.
If it is a health related matter your insurance should pay for  it. It did for me.
Health insurance should cover bc regardless, but there's zero language in this proposal about exceptions for health related matters.
Prescribed by physician? If you have a medical condition & should not get pregnant or your physical condition would improve by taking them.
Show me where this proposal guarantees that and I'll happily admit I'm wrong.
But like I said, it should be covered for all women. No access to birth control = more unplanned pregnancies = more abortions.
will this be applied consistently for ALL faiths?
My closely held religious beliefs tell me that I should regard you and the #Trumpervert as enemies of religious freedom and speech.  OK?
As a constituent, I fully respect your religious liberties until they infringe on my civil liberties.
I am at the park with my gorgeous nephews wondering what their heck their parents will do when their #CHIP runs out.  Both rents work (1/3)
Hey Roy, here's a challenge for you: Tweet something that doesn't refer to someone else's actions OR use the word "Missourians".
That's impossible.
Let's #PuntBlunt out of office!
And they do more for St. Francois County than you have ever attempted.  #moleg #protectchildrennottheNRA #prolife #bemyfriendjasonsmith
Jobs that highly impact this community but do not provide insurance for dependents. They are respectful, hard working people (2/3)
Roy, you are on the wrong side of history.
So true, when your family consists of lobbyists your function is predetermined. Missouri deserves better.
This isn't a first amendment issue. It's a Republicans hate women issue.
Let's #PuntBlunt out of office!
So, when the christians violate my First Amendment freedoms, will you still be so positive?
I'll bet the little limp republicans make sure viagra is covered.
$60,500 in NRA money you've accepted.  That fact will forever be attached to your name in my mind.
How do you sleep at night. #Hypocrite
I suppose the 1st Amendment is like the Bible to you religious & alt right extremists--you pick what you like and discard the rest.  Bigot.
Hmm. Trump doesn't ensure anything that doesn't directly increase the size of his wallet.
This article should be renamed, "Blunt Sucks Trump's Dick."
U make me sick with ur knee jerk support of @potus. Half of the people you represent  are women. Why do you support this war against women?
This doesn't protect citizens rights, but corporations, who are your true constituents
NO UTERUS, NO OPINION #HandsOffMyBC
#PuntBlunt out of office!
*some Americans. You missed a word
My religion supports tolerance & equity. If all who share my beliefs stop treating/serving christian conservatives, maybe you'd get it.

Commending the Trump admin is highly questionable.  I won't be voting for you
Do you care if your female constituents are protected? What about their rights? You are morally reprehensible.
Wow, I'm looking at all these comments and really no one likes you. Maybe that should tell you something.
Enjoy your last term as senator
I agree! However athletes choose to observe the national anthem is protected speech
I guess all you men that want a ’little' on the side are gonna have to use your hand. Rubbers arn’t guaranteed and abortions arn’t allowed!!
Drop Viagra coverage now. It's not medically necessary for men to have sex.
This is a women's health issue, not 1st amendment. Time for these companies to market for women's health and make BC an offlabel use.
What? His criticism of the NFL suggets a desire to repress 1st amendment rights. Can't be selective. So women and minorities get no rights?
Pick a side and stick to it. Anti -abortion but no birth control?  Pro-life AND pro-gun? Pro-life but anti-health insurance? U r so wrong.
So how many #antichoice politicians have pressured women to get #abortions so far? #fuckthepatriarchy #HandsOffMyBirthControl
"I commend the Trump administration for punishing Americans who don't believe the same things I do".
Roy we all here in Missouri know how useless you are along with your idiot and chief.
This isn't a First Amendment issue. 
We all know that the @GOP is trying to suck up to its base, having failed so spectacularly on "Repeal & Replace".
Looks like those who oppose you are receiving many more likes
Riiiight...  Don't forget the First Amendment is supposed to protect us _from_ religion, too.  Your dogma is not always someone else's.
But who will support OUR rights, senator? Women are watching and we vote #IStandWithPP #ByeFelicia
Why don’t you take action on scheduling a #townhall with your constituents?
This is horrible.
You're referring to the 1st amendment that begins: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion..." ?
#freedomfromreligion
One of the many reasons I will never vote for you #BadForMissouri #BadForTheNation
@RoyBlunt I've been taking birth control since I was 14 to control ovarian cysts. Thanks for proving once again that you're out of touch.
And how does denying women birth control protect the first amendment? How?!?
Taxation without representation
This is disgusting. You do not represent this Missouri resident.
This is a bad bill. It’s not about religious freedom, it’s about restrictive healthcare for women. You should be ashamed of yourself. Shame!
Why should my employer get to make choices about my health and family for me?
This is repulsive. Access to contraceptives helps MO women in so many ways and these rollbacks only hurt those who want to protect themselves.
Read this. https://www.facebook.com/twila.loy/posts/10210631183759891 …
Why should a person's employer's FA rights matter more than their own? This is an abhorrent strike against women. You should be ashamed!
He didnt try to protect 1st admen. rights when he told NFL owners to fire players....
You weren’t elected to lick boots. Maternity leave is cheaper than BC? Or hiring new employees as mothers are laid off? America first my ass
Anyone who made the mistake of voting Republican will correct that at next election.
Women vote too.
Where is your statement defending First Amendment rights of protestors in St. Louis?
You don't care about 1st amendment protects, which explains why you're celebrating this attack on them. Resign. Stop embarrassing our state.
Birth control helps prevent unwanted pregnancies and abortions. Women have fundamental human rights. We are not incubators.
How can people be so against birth control AND abortion simultaneously? The world may never know.
Separation of church and state is NOT an attack on religion.  It is a belief our nation was built on.  Shame on the GOP.
The First Amendment doesn't grant the right to force others to live as you wish. Your premise is invalid.
And hateful.
I see a more GOP congressman paying for abortions though they consider that murder.  So many affairs going on in DC.  Buy stock in condoms
Why do you feel the need to push your religious beliefs on others?  I am tired of the GOP attacks on women.  You are a disgrace!
Women use birth control to prevent debilitating cramps.  Women use birth control in family planning.  An employer has no say in this!
You commend this president for denying access to birth control?! Will it come as a surprise when abortion rates increase?!
I hope you're enjoying your last term. @RoyBlunt
If you are going to push a religious agenda, why don't we start taxing religious organizations?
YOU WANT TO PROTECT RELIGOUS FREEDOM WHICH AS OUR FOREFATHER SAID IS WORSHIPING AS YOU WISH NOT TAKING AWAY PEOPLES OTHER RIGHTS!
Keep talking, Senator.  Every statement like this is a message telling voters exactly what you stand for, and it isn't their interests.
So women's health is a 1st Amd. issue. By your logic employers can fire people if their sexual practices don't conform to empl. beliefs.
I condemn you for taking actions to take away healthcare protections.
We will all be better off when people stop believing in an old man that lives in the clouds and make decisions on a rational way!!
@realDonaldTrump And women are 2nd class citizens. No regulation, no federal $$. #fakesenator #FakePresident
where's the support for heathcare Roy
Hey Roy while we’re at what abt that whole freedom of the press thing? Or are u good with press being an enemy of the people?
and Freedom of Religion means ALL religions and NO religion. Why must an Atheist be forced to conform to someone else's religious beliefs?
As a Christian, I understand the First Amendment and how it was intended....and not the perversion that You and your cohorts bend it to
The First Amendment also protects Free Speech...something that this <koff>human being<koff> rails against on a daily basis.
Why are you against Missourians? With @RepSamGraves you are on the narcissistic bandwagon w/@POTUS failing Americans.
I just died a little inside. It breaks my heart that you represent Missouri, because you do not represent me.
why do you hate women?
BRAVO! erase that stupid old separation of church and state!  also, thanks a bunch! i require birth control for medical reasons.
Protecting only Christian religions is not right for our country. There are many religions they don't all think they are the only religion!
Oh do hush up and go take your Cialis. That goes for you too, @realDonaldTrump.
As usual your on the wrong side of an issue that is a no brainer.I know ,party before people,GOP motto,your president is so corrupt
It’s not freedom if you’re forcing those that aren’t religious to conform to religious beliefs we don’t hold.
Geez Roy!! U better go buy u a case of depends cause ur soooooo full of CRAP!! Puerto Rico was a fine example of Americans 1st huh?
How can you & your cronies be WRONG on sooo many issues? Women need quality healthcare & shouldn't have to pay more for it! TOWNHALLS, roy!
What a load of crap.
This is ignorance. You are supporting ignorance and misogyny. Women rely on this medicine for many reasons.
I'm almost dizzy from the spin you put on this. Separation of church and state is critical to freedom, and I know that you know better.
What about freedom of the press, freedom of religion (his actions aren't it...) and our right to have a sane, intelligent president??
SO TRUE!
You're hurting poor women most, compounding the cruelty of the disastrous budget you are trying to pass. Republicans are the worst!
I think that's the point. Keep the idiots that pledge their undying love for this regime barefoot and pregnant
He didn’t protect first amendment rights - he’s governing out of spite. Governing based on opinion & not data/science/facts is sad.
No.  His is about taking away women's choice.
We always count on Roy Blunt to make the worst possible decision.
This has nothing to do with Freedom of Religion.  In fact this is a grotesque reminder that White Christian men continue to remain steadfast with the mindset of keeping women barefoot, pregnant and in the kitchen.
Banning abortions is not effective.
You only want to protect so called christian rights. Your tiny world view is disgusting. #separationOfChurchAndState
No matter how much you and the @GOP wish it did, the first amendment doesn’t give men the right to control women’s bodies.
You suck. When he gets impeached, what side will you be on?
Hateful.  Utterly hateful to women.  This too will be remembered in Missouri.
This is literally the exact opposite of ensuring American's freedoms are protected.
Lets have a town hall to talk about freedom of the press and 45-IQ's false claims of fake news.
You have got to be kidding!!!!
I also expect you to speak out against Trump's daily attacks on the press. And the NFL players taking a knee. Since you are so into protecting Americans First Amendment freedoms.
You're trolling us right?  Because you can't possibly be serious.
Separation of church and state is NOT an attack on religion. Every law created for religious beliefs is an attack on this country’s premise
Less birth control means more abortions. I thought you were "pro-life" ?? Also your fax machines have been disconnected.
For what it's worth, at least his staff hangs up on me less. They still lie nonstop, so it's kind of a wash
Your constituents disagree, this isn't about any liberty, it's only about shooting down an Obama mandate using ignorance as an excuse.
Your rights end where my nose begins...   publishing the personal address of people you disagree with is not a religious liberty!!
As w/kneeling, our 1st amendment right?trump went on about that for days.As w/media?He calls news sources that doesn't agree w/him fake news
Why did you let the CHIP program expire? Again, you preach about the sanctity of life but ignore kids once they're born. You. Are. A. Fraud
This LIAR in Charge is destroying our country, you must do the right thing!

Go fuck yourself, you self righteous bag of dicks
The silver lining is that the House now will flip in 2018.
Ensuring 1st amendment freedoms involves a free press.  He is constantly attacking them and their rights.  Quit being a blind sycophant.
Like the freedom of speech and free press he routinely attacks? Of course you support that
You and @AmbSamBrownback make such a cute couple...out there deciding which religion should be making laws.
Roy, the darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!  Dante Alighieri
For a guy who wants to make it easier to sue for libel, who calls factual reporting "fake news?"  A real hero for the 1st Amendment.
Religious freedom should also include freedom from religion, so please keep your non-medical professional opinion out of my uterus
I assume Viagra will also be included in this? Oh wait, that's right--You and the GOP only control woman's bodies and have the audacity to call it freedom.
YOU ARE THE WORST!!!! Every time you pull this hypocritical BS, I make another donation to someone who is NOT you.  Planned Parenthood today
I admire your politics, but lord every time will cost a fortune!
For many many women, birth control is a uterine dysfunction medicine. Not pregnancy control. This measure takes medicine away from women.
Give trump a chance
There is no 1st Amd right to deprive employees of coverage for birth control (which has MANY OTHER medical applications).  Disgusting.
GOP so-called religious liberty laws are ironically named.

They're religious tyranny laws 2 allow extremist Christians 2 crush ppl's rights
Make America an Evangelical Theocracy!

He could burn down an orphanage and you'd still commend his acts
Very true Republicans don't care about kids after they are born anyway
Or the woman carrying the fetus.
