You're the little boy who cried vet.

Collusion, go vets!
Healthcare, have I thanked a vet?
Discrimination, woohoo vets! 
/1
It's disrespectful how you use vets like a pawn in your game /2
I'm betting transgender service men and women feel SUPER honored right about now. #Seriously #transmilitaryban #LetThemServe
You are so out of touch...Bigly Sad
And you are no hero for voting to take health insurance away from millions
You're voting to take away healthcare for many veterans on medicaid.
If you mean this, stand up to @realDonaldTrump and honor ALL who serve.
I thank them all!   Including the transgendered soldiers!  Do you have something original to say?  Or still playing Trump says?  #Blunt4Sale
Pure hypocrisy.
No this week u voted for every single option to take away healthcare for millions, u didn't hold POTUS accountable for Russia or his bigotry
Transgender too?
You are a joke/embarrassment! You support the man who puts all of these people in harms way and not to mention everyone else in this country
Defend the #Constitution.  Meanwhile, Boycott AT&T, a major Blunt donor. #BoycottATT
The CEO of AT&T is also head of the Boy Scouts. #BSA  
AT&T needs Trump's Justice Department to bless the AT&T Time/Warner merger.
Am a veteran Repeal Obamacare--lower taxes--build the wall--immigration--take care of the veterans--jobs--infrastructure
Like @POTUS ?  #coward #hypocrite #WorstPresidentEver
Please look in to the abuse by drill sergeants at Ft Benning, GA. I am one angry momma.
Yes, definitely thanking them. ALL of them. Speak out against 45's ridiculous tweets so we can begin to take your tweets seriously again.
But you want to take their healthcare away?
Your supreme leader just shamed and banished thousands of them. I'm sure this will totally make them feel better. You're evil.
like 10, openly serving. thousands of others are medically discharged, trans shouldn't get special rights. trans is a medical condition eom.
The things you allow. The things your silence condones. You do this state and this country a disservice. You are not worthy of the office.
Our veterans are trans too! Protect gays and lesbians in the military.
What about the Trans heroes?
Unless you're transgender
They don't need a tweet. They need to be able to stop worrying about their kids having healthcare & a good education.
oh wait a minute, NOT the transgendered soldiers....
Thank you.  Could you expand this to make it more obvious that you include ALL people of all sexes, races, sexual identity?  Would be nice
This is your American Hero, Missouri.  Doesn't think about legis before he votes!
Asked if "skinny repeal" could become law or is just a way to get to conference, Sen. Roy Blunt says "I haven't thought it through."
Until recently America stood for respect, integrity, and loyalty, especially on the international stage. Well, you've fucked that up forever
What about our transgender service members?
Unless you are transgender.....shame while they fight for our freedom you ban them...
Sure as hell hope that includes LGBT community that serves too!!!
Including the LGBT warriors who live and serve bravely?
Excluding the transgender ones.
but just the "normal" ones, right?
So will you work to reverse new Transgender ban?  Or will you side w/ small minded Evangelical bigotry?
there are thousands of people that are rejected for medical conditions from the military,transgenders shouldn't get special privileges.
What are you doing to thank transgender service members, senator?
Aha! The irony! It's really quite painful; please cut it out before millions of us lose our health care.
Sen ru going 2 honor Missourians by drafting legislation improving HC or ru still focused on purgingfolks from Medicaid 4 taxcuts 4 wealthy
HC is delivered by community members 2 community members, y not try new approach & fund @ community level too?
Here is a @GOP health care fix that actually takes care of the country's health. Reagan would approve it. @JDVance1 https://www.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/03/27/rising-from-the-ashes-a-novel-bipartisan-approach-to-health-care-reform/#7479ccce2ab4 …
I will not join you in thanking them. I will thank them myself. Your thanks is meaningless since you and @realDonaldTrump are tyrants.
You honor no one but Trump, your new fake God. I am ashamed you call yourself an American! BTW put down OUR flag you are not worthy of it!
This is meaningless unless you speak out against Trumps attack on transgender military.
Does that include all who served or just the ones that are not Transgender?
yep because thousands of others are medically discharged, trans shouldn't get special rights. trans is a medical condition eom.
All but certain veterans. Tow the line.
American heroes includes transgendered. Where is your courage? Stand against Trump on this!!
Can you answer your phones?  The constituents that you are ignoring are trying to call.
The calls never get through. It's always voicemail or a hang up. The GOP Senate is irresponsible. It's like they are kids or criminals
God bless them all and thank you all for your service. No matter your sexual preferences you are doing an amazing service to all ofhumanity!
Unless they're transgender, right? Then screw them!
Honor service members by allowing Dumpster to deny trans members 2 serve.  What happens 2 those already serving lifetime pension like u get?
yep because thousands of others are medically discharged, trans shouldn't get special rights. trans is a medical condition eom.
A special thanks to our transgender military personnel. Missourians know better than to discriminate against ANYONE! @RepHartzler
Apparently unless they're transgender. What a fucking travesty.
How about trans gender heroes? Do those count?
Some of us honor all military.  If you support @POTUS  then you sir don't, and therefore must go.  #revengeatthepolls
have you been in the military? thousands are medically discharged, trans shouldn't get special rights. trans is a medical condition eom.
Will you join veterans, like me, who support transgender troops, and denounce @realDonaldTrump and the #trumptransban
But only the heterosexual ones
You may want to remind @potus #45 as he seems to have forgotten it. Of course none of those categories apply to him...
We need to thank them by protecting their healthcare and the basic right to serve. #EqualityforAll #HealthCareForAll
Didn't honor them with #healthcare. Didn't express support for #transgender service members. Disgraceful!
Thank them for their service but screw them on healthcare and those they work with?
Do not vote to repeal the Affordable Healthcare Act, just work to make it better . . . for the people, your boss!
One way to thank them - and I do - is for you to work on Medicare For All - trumpcare is deathcare - the GOP is the death panel.
But not the Transgender ones, Roy?
INCLUDING those who also happen to be transgender?
Please honor them by keeping ACA intact and working with Democrats to improve it.
Do not vote to kill your constituents today Ol Roy. Vote NO on all republican healthcare bills. We want universal healthcare!!!!!!!
But only if they're white, straight, men. Right @RoyBlunt? We won't let you erase the LGBTQ community.
on the day that your buddy Trump declared on Twitter that the 15K transgender Americans in the military have to go based on made up data.
Are you supporting your President, @POTUS, in discriminating against Americans? #transban #TransRightsAreHumanRights
Bully, who throws a friend under the bus? Only mean and selfish people like trump and you say nothing? Where is your backbone?
Honor them by taking away healthcare from millions & banning transgender people? Or do u mean honor only the white, Heterosexual members?
then gutting their healthcare
By taking away health insurance? By discrimination? You've got some screwed up ideas on what honoring means.
Please hold off on the patriotic display until you can appreciate ALL veterans. Discrimination doesn't belong in the military.
Including the trans veterans who our president just fucked over. I demand a statement about this ban, Mr. Blunt.
Really? You choose to post this hours after @POTUS literally fired thousands of people who chose to serve their country?
If you really wanted to honor these people, you'd speak out against @POTUS' discriminatory actions.
And Roy helped!
Does this include all our troops? I hope so!
By banning transgender folks? WTF??!!
Are you protecting their healthcare? If not, you are not honoring them in reality!
According to you, American Heroes can't be transgender and don't deserve health care. If that's thanking them, I'd hate to see the opposite!
what about transgender folks?  are they heroes too?
You say one thing Roy but, your actions show Americans a completely different story. Roy, you have shown Missourians it's time to resign!
Are you thanking them all, or just the ones you choose? Your rubber-stamping of POTUS' policies is shameful
You say you honor them and then vote for a healthcare bill that will hurt many of them.  You talk out of both sides, Roy.
Woo! Poor timing on that tweet, Senator! No problem, chief! Just dust yourself off and run along ignoring your constituents.
Once again this is really tone deaf behavior, Roy. Denounce 45's horrid transphobia, will you? Or just admit you only stump for good-ol-boys
Including the transgender members serving their country !
Shout out to taking away their health coverage after serving our country.
Ps Trump dishonored the country by dodging the draft 5 times. You make me sick.
Thank you for your service, unless you're Transgender then forget your service your fired signed the traitor and chief Donald J Trump
Are you honoring them by taking their insursnce so that their familirs have to file bankruptcy to treat their preexisting conditions
Including the Transgender ones?
yep because thousands of others are medically discharged, trans shouldn't get special rights. trans is a medical condition eom.
Wow. Way to have your messaging match up with the President's.
Transgender ones too?
Actions speak louder than words! Protect their healthcare!
Can't help you take away their health care
It's time Senator Blunt to impeach your president. Drain the Swamp
Fine - now don't sabotage the rural MO hospitals that care for vets, by gutting Medicaid. Once they close, not coming back.
Truth...our hospital in Fulton, MO just announced it will close in two months.
Some of us can connect the dots to see that it is caused by GOP control of state & national governments.
We also keep looking for evidence that our GOP representatives think for a second about constituent needs and opinions.
I do thank them. ALL of them. Even the transgendered ones. Is your gratitude conditional, Senator? #TransRightsAreHumanRights
How about you honor them by making sure all who want to serve can. Override this BS exclusion on transgender people
How about honoring them by not taking away their healthcare? 
So are you thanking them by supporting repeal of the ACA?  Or maybe by throwing dedicated soldiers out of the military?  Shame on you.
Show your gratitude by providing health benefits and honoring our transgender heroes. Say it with me: "transgender heroes."
We honor the service of all of our American Heroes, including our transgender soldiers. Do you?
You thank them by not voting against the ACA!  Move toward single payer!
Do you also honor the 15,000 trans people currently serving in the military? Because your boss just declared them unfit to serve.
Do you include transgender veterans and service members in this?  Because your pos @POTUS doesn't. Are you going to stand up for them?
i don't think you know what honoring means. try honoring missourians by saving our healthcare.
Can a hero be transgender? Looking for a response from you to 45's unacceptable & bigoted tweets. @SenateGOP
Except the WH has excluded those who are proudly serving who are Transgender.  Senator do something before it is too late.
Are we thanking the transgender soldiers too, as they are kicked to the curb?  Weird.
yep because thousands of others are medically discharged, trans shouldn't get special rights. trans is a medical condition eom.
All of them except transgender, because for some reason, their service is less-than and does not qualify. Is that right, @RoyBlunt?
We also honor our transgender troops in the field and in the armed services. Do you?
Know how you can tell a huckster from a patriot?
Hucksters pose with the flag but serve special interests; patriots serve their country
Except Transgendered Soldiers?
Apparently by we you don't mean Trump.
You should honor them by not taking away the health benefits that keep them and their families ALIVE!
What about the Transgender ones? You thanking them also?
*Transgender people need not apply
Except for the transgender ones?
