Does that include life-long, affordable health care for mother and child?
No! But the child will have unfettered access to semiautomatic weapons.

You should run as far away from ANYTHING @LindseyGrahamSC proposes. His last bill would have needlessly killed many Americans. Country 1st
You and the gov have no business discussing bills about specific health concerns related to female gynecology obstetrics i.e. Abortion
You regulate what should be between a woman and her doctor, but you don't care AT ALL about mass shootings enough to regulate guns! Shame!
People that have been shot feel pain, just like people without health care. You have it within you to be a better man than this.
Actually, no.  I don't think he has it within him at all.  There's no Grinches hear inside that chest waiting to grow three sizes this day.
Please support a woman's right to choose. Do not legislate the GOP's hypocritical morals on your constituents.
9 million children who feel pain lost health insurance. 59 killed and over 500 wounded in Vegas. What are you doing for all that pain?
Why be proud to support anything from .@LindseyGrahamSC? Haven't you embarrassed yourself and MO enough already?
So it's ok to save the unborn after 20 weeks but to hell with those killed by automatic weapons fire, because you get so much $$ from NRA.
But once they’re born, you cut off their healthcare, education, and nutrition support.

Coming to a state near you, soon. Party over constituent. Party over country. Shame on the gop.
But let's be clear: It's not about the healthcare. It's killing the healthcare in order to free up that money for tax cuts. Tax "reform".
Based on the recent news seems like republicans are against abortion until they knock up their secretary then it is all good.  HYPOCRITES
Pro Life until birth, then you don't care. #Medicaid, #GunControl... unless it's a fetus, no concern. #Choice
Why do you care more for the unborn than the living?  Does the NRA tell you what to do?
The NRA absolutely tells him what to do. They bankroll the POS
Free birth control prevents unwanted pregnancy. #Healthcare #Choice
Ban abortion and then cut funds for children.  It has become obvious that you do not listen to your constituents.  Where is your heart?
A Heart For Roy
Should he get a heart at all
it won't be big it will be small. 
If he gets a heart someday
He'll shove it out, cast it away.
Protect the already born #GunControlNow
If Abortion were an industry and paid you like the NRA does, you'd be first in line to take that money. Craven jerks, both of you.

Typical GOP hypocrites. Tell the religious right anything, engage in extramarital sex & push women into abortions https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.htmlhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/rep-tim-murphy-resigns-from-congress-after-allegedly-asking-woman-to-have-abortion/2017/10/05/7a68a414-aa08-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.html …
You can support the unborn but can’t support healthcare for the unborn or the poor but think women’s health care can b determined by men.sad
But you vote to kick children off Medicaid? #votingoutrepublicans
it's past time you supported actual constituents rather than trying to cut insurance, access to birth control & planned parenthood
Gross.
Someday you may work your way up to protecting pain capable children AFTER they've been born. That would be something.
Pain capable American citizens (Puert Rican's) need help too! Just basic needs food & water so why make them beg?! Are they not important?!
How about extending CHIP so that the children already born are cared for?
What about the Pain-Capable Already Living Children who don't have access to healthcare because Congress let the #CHIP funding expire?
Support Roe v. Wade and a woman's right to choose. You have no right to legislate your hypocritical morals on me. Talk to you friend Tim.
What about the living? Refugees? Victims of gun violence? By all means, ignore them. Make believe you care about people.
There's no valid science to support the "pain capable" idea, but the women you hurt certainly feel pain.
How about supporting those alive. Stop taking  from the nra. Support gun control
I feel pain every time you write an ignorant post like this.  #Resign
Can you at least add health of the woman & allow abortions when the baby would not survive. This shows a gross misunderstanding of issue.
Help protect Missouri patients who live with debilitating pain & other serious health conditions by supporting our medical cannabis campaign
Senator Blunt you must stand with patients in Missouri. We have suffered far too long and request safe & legal access to medical #marijuana.
We'd be a lot more proud of you if you supported womens' right to choose their own health care.  Dump the religious dogma.

Gotta question for you...What exactly are you proud about concerning this atrocious bill?   Your true colors are showing.
It's a shame your support ends once they're born.
And yet you wanted to strip healthcare away from millions just weeks ago? You. Are. A. Hypocrite.
Well, unless the GOP baby daddy wants his mistress to have an abortion, amiright?
Abortions at this stage only happen when the child is horrifically damaged. Making women carry the baby is basically torture.
We can't force a dead body to donate organs but you're okay with forcing women to incubate babies with fatal abnormalities? You make me sick
You supported Israel's slaughter of 600 Palestinian children in Gaza and Israel's insane fascist apartheid oppression of millions more.
Why 20 weeks and not 27 weeks gestational age?
Setting aside that this is nonsense, what about the kids killed by guns in the US?Could we mandate trigger locks?
Bullshit Blunt! You just want to control women. That is what this is always about.
Have you talk to Washington University docs about this? Cause it's bullshit Roy #TheyDontFeelPain #TheyFeelPain #BullshitScience
Blundering Blunt continues the assault on his constituents.
hi. Umm. Could you get your grubby hands outta my uterus? I don't know where they've been...

The science doesn't back you up on this, and almost any woman getting an abortion after 20 weeks is doing it to save her fucking life.
you know what else is painful? bullet wounds. Why don't you stop with the hypocrisy and pass common sense gun control laws.
It's not based on science, you heel.
