I don't recall being asked personally. But for the record, I do not support this.
Say no to #DAPL Millions depend on the Missouri for their drinking water and irrigating crops.
If the ARMY Corps says it's NOT SAFE and a new route needs to be planned, how is this legal? If it runs under the MO river, leaks,
ruptures (who's gonna do maintenance&inspect it, etc) then we're all screwed, even down river, even those further south in MO who
have the Mississippi which just so happens meets the Missouri River in St. Louis! Sheesh! How long ago was the Gulf disaster? We
have kids, babies, we like to fish&hunt in MO, we have several smaller rivers, streams, tributaries, from the Missouri in Missouri
tell ya what people need to think logically&listen when the Corps says it will affect many there&down river. We're MO voters too!!
Wrong. You are blindly following a madman and we are taking notes.
not true. The majority support Real Science, EPA, and the rights of Native Americans. You are out of touch.
you're "majority" reference is 2 yrs old.  Things have changed.  Respond to concerns w/ substance not talking pnts. It's your job.
no, the majority haven't. #AlternativeFact. You can do better than this for Mo.
as your constituent I firmly disagree. Those poor native Americans... they were here first. Disgusted.
Not Me https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/jan/25/oil-spill-iowa-trump-keystone-dakota-access-pipeline …
I am a concerned constituent--I can't speak for Americans, but Missourians sure seem against this. Please listen. #NoDAPL #NoKXL
"majority of Americans" doesn't amount to much anymore, else we wouldn't have the current POTUS.
I am a constituent of yours and I despise the Keystone Pipeline! Stop going along with the @POTUS, it will be your downfall.
Not this American. I consider it a travesty of justice  by corporate America. The environment will be hopelessly damaged.
BTW, I am a constituent, too. Born in Rural Missouri. Stop listening to big oil and pay attention to your people.
I respectfully disagree and I want you to work to block this.
#alternativefact
no support here for Keystone or DAPL, living in your state, hoping you do the right thing
#NoDAPL
Wells are being contaminated RIGHT NOW in Halltown, MO from crude oil pipeline leak! What r u going to do? Lie some more?
not this constituent. We vote, remember that.
We put you where you are, listen to us. Your voters do not want this!
just from this twitter feed alone, a majority of your constituents don't support it or DAPL, wake up Senator, this is your alarm
that is false. I am a voting MO resident. Please put the well being of the nation above your party allegiance.
I'm a constituent of yours and I don't support this and I will remember this when you run for reelection. #NoDAPL
I support clean renewable energy.
- NO we have NOT!   You can't drink oil - water is LIFE!  That oil won't help the U.S. nor create jobs.   Stop LYING about it
I don't!  "alt facts" are lies.  You need to focus on MISSOURI and pipeline spills here http://www.ky3.com/content/news/pipeline-spill-highway-closure-410842045.html …
...Except for the majority who oppose it. Check your numbers and convince the Senate to invest in renewable resources.
if you continue to ignore the will of the people of your state, you can and will be replaced. Work for the people not the money
Bullhit if you take a poll Missourians do not support either pipeline!
Tar sands crude oil has more global warming pollutants than fuels made from conventional oil. #NoDAPL #climatefacts
Same here. 

@RoyBlunt I am a constituent of yours and am NOT in favor of the Keystone Pipeline.
DON'T LIE! WE DON'T BACK THIS! 2 OIL LEAKS IN 6 MONTHS BY CANADIAN OIL!
Since when? #alternativefactsarenotfacts
This is not true - i'm an American, I don't support  #keystone or @realDonaldTrump personal interests in the pipeline #altfacts
my husband and I are Missouri voters. We do not support the pipeline.  #alternativefacts
x2 year old poll...2years is a long time, with many breaks and spills since
Nah, how many jobs do these create, Like 50? We don't need more pipelines
This story also states the the majority of Americans support gay marriage. Are you behind that too?
No, we here in Missouri do not. We care about clean energy and water.
this American and voting Missouri resident does NOT!
, I am NOT in favor of pipeline & a constituent.
#alternativefacts
Telling yourself that doesn't make it a fact.  Until you provide evidence it is alternative fact! Show me the beef Roy!
If that is in fact true, why is it that the majority of Americans are so outraged by the executive order?
wrong. I'm your constituent and do not support. You only hear what you want to hear. #alternativefacts
i do not support #KeystoneXL and as your  constituent I expect you to support that.
I am a constituent and do not support this. Are you listening to your constituents or relying on #alternativefacts?
Majority of Americans have long supported term limits for Congress! Perhaps you should advocate for that too! #TermLimits
This Missouri citzen does NOT support Keystone pipline.
I am your constituent and I do not support the Keystone XL Pipeline.
A new alternative fact? Cite your source.
so your proof is from a two year old poll?
I'm a constituent that does not support #KeystoneXL
What does your echo chamber sound like? I am a constituent and I DO NOT support Keystone XL or DAPL.
Somewhere between using fire hoses and concussion grenades on US civilians, those poll numbers may have shifted against you.
I'm sorry, you're citing an opinion poll from TWO YEARS ago? What do you take your constituents for?
I am a constituent and also am NOT in favor of the pipeline. Trump's 3.8 billion dollar stake is a deal breaker. VOTE IT DOWN!
We're waiting on you to cite your source because Missourians do NOT support #KeystoneXL
protecting the environment is not a "far-left issue." Jobs and energy can and SHOULD be created in smarter ways. #notahoax
Who, exactly?
Show us the research proving your statement. Just be cuz you say doesn't make it so. Also, your wife look KS like Caitlin Jenner.
Your tweet is #alternativefacts
You've even lost the vote of my Republican husband. What was your son doing in that meeting with Drumpf today? #sadroyblunt
WRONG. It will only result in 50 permanant jobs. Not worth the cost of what it will do to the environment. But you don't care.
not REALLY!!!
can you show me the statistics cause I see that nowhere
They DID... Until that pipeline threatened native land. Using a source from 2 years ago is shady, Mr. Blunt. I expect better.
Uh NO.  I do NOT support this horrible horrible thing. Love that you are raping the Native Americans all over again (sarcasm).
I am one of your constituents and I do NOT support #KeystoneXL
poll your constituents. The majority of people care able clean air and clean water. #NoDAPL
where are the statics that shows this or is this just more #alternativefacts ? #Respect #NativeRights #NoDAPL #keystoneXL
As one of your constituents, I implore you to rethink this statement. I have never nor will I ever support this.
and we have not had any two head frogs in a while do you remember those??????
#ALTERNATIVEFACTS
No we have not we like our water clean and no earthquakes
DUDE. I can't even with you. Too bad I'm your constituent and I have to.
Alternate fact. They do not
not me!
Not true - most do not support this Canadian Infrastructure program.
I'm a constituent and am totally against it.  How sad you support breaking the treaties our government made with Native Americans.
President has a financial interest in this. CONFLICT OF INTEREST. You are complicit in destruction of planet #KeystonePipeline
I am a constituent of yours and I DO NOT SUPPORT #KeystoneXL
No we're not! #NoDAPL
"Majority" being defined as "executives of oil pipeline and refinery companies".  Expect midwest gas pump prices to go up w/KXL.
Not this Missourian. Stop worrying about lining your pockets. Keep your hands off Native lands. Focus on the environment.
Wrong! Cite your information, please. No to #alternativefacts
You are SO wrong!!! The majority of Americans are standing with the indigenous peoples of Standing Rock Sioux. This is wrong!
Well this Missourian does not!
As your constituent, I emphatically do *not* support the pipeline. #NoDAPL #NoKXL
where are the statistics that show this? More #alternativefacts ? Respect #NativeRights #NoDAPL #keystoneXL
I'm one of your constituents and I do not support this.
NO, they have not! If that pipe leaks into water sources we'll hold YOU responsible! And that oil will be sold to China & India!
I am one of your constituents and I do not support this. Most people are against this, so I think you're using #alternativefacts.
That article is 2 years old! I'm a constituent & I do not support this.  I do support protecting the environment. You should too.
Nope. Our president has a financial stake in it. I am a very unhappy constituent and will make sure others will never vote for u.
NO We Don't support the pipeline.
Majority of Americans support abortion--is that OK with you too? Reject pipeline decision becuz of inevitable environmental harm
As a Missourian I am not in favor of this! Stop propelling #alternativefacts
The poll you cite is from a year ago. Also, with people being dishonest about costs and effects, what do you expect?
Sorry, two years ago!
Not this American, who is also your constituent, and not "most" Americans
nope! This Missouri citizen doesn't support Keystone
More lies!
@clairecmc I am you're constituent & I am not in favor of #KeystoneXL  Have respect for indigenous peoples & clean water for all.
are you serious? I know few who support it.
You're statement is pure propaganda. Saying maj of Americans support #KeystoneXL doesn't make it so & u know it #alternativefacts
No they haven't.    Stop drinking the kool-aid.
You LIE! A  majority  is OPPOSED to both the KeystoneXL and Dakota pipelines.
Not True. More oppose (37%) less support (32%) DAPL, 31% unsure. Most (55%) approve Army decision to refuse to grant a permit
#NoDAPL #NoKeystoneXL I'm a constituent, I DO NOT SUPPORT this. I live on the Missouri River, protect our water!
I do not and I am a constituent in Missouri!
Well, then by all means let's put people who can barely tie their shoes without a pictogram decide what's best for the environment
no...only people who make bank on this support it. People like you & @POTUS. We know he has shares, how many do have?
I am not one of them. #NoKXL
Not this Missouri resident.  Please represent Missouri...all of Missouri.
majority of Americans prefer clean water! No to Keystone oil line!
I am one of you constituents and I oppose #KeystoneXL   I do support @POTUS divesting his interests, so he doesn't have conflicts
Majority of Americans likely never heard of #KeystoneXL until recently. #NoDAPL
Sounds like you've been brushing up on your #alternatefacts!
[CITATION NEEDED] Preferably not "Alternative Facts"
Not this American! #KeystoneXL is a disaster waiting to happen. Please reconsider your support. #resisttrumptuesday
I do not support it. Maybe the majority of oil and car companies do. Is that what you meant to say?
nope
Wrong. You should take some time and LISTEN to what the people really say, not just what you want to hear.
Not this one. And I vote.  In MO.
Wrong.
http://www.gallup.com/poll/190268/prioritize-alternative-energy-oil-gas.aspx …
add me as a Missourian in the "Do not support" column.
I am one of your constituents and I do NOT support the Keystone Pipeline!
actually considering the facts I would say that's a false statement.
False!!!
I am your constituent and I DO NOT support this. We can create clean energy jobs and do better.
BULL CRAP. So now you're using #alternatefacts too?
Show us evidence. Oops not there! #alternativefacts Listen to the people of MO.  Better yet have a town hall tell me in person.
I am a constituent of yours and am NOT in favor of the Keystone Pipeline.
You do remember that our new President has a financial investment in this ?
I do  and I have a health and well-being interest in clean water and air!
just saying it does not make it so.  Show us evidence. Listen to the people of MO.  Better yet have a town hall tell us in person.
BS. This is another #alternativefact.
but I know how much you guys enjoy "alternative facts". History will remember you as a tool for evil.
no they haven't. Let's hope it doesn't break near the Missouri River, i don't want to drink sludge.
I don't think you understand the meaning of majority....I get it.  Alternative fact aka lies.   #NoDAPL
I am one of your constituents and strongly oppose DAPL & Keystone Seems like you're using  #alternativefacts  #WaterIsLife #NoDAPL
Wrong, we support clean, safe water. We support breathable air. We do NOT support #KeystoneXL
I do not support it KeystoneXL. I urge you not to support it also.
#alternativefact ??  #NoDAPL #NoKXL
you are wrong.
really?  If you say it , it must be a lie. I don't think you would recognize the truth if it spit in your eye.#DonTheCon
where's the proof of this load of BS. What is your FINANCIAL stake in said project....
Guess again. Put it out for a vote of the people.
Where are the numbers? #sharethetruth
What evidence supports this theory?  Poll your constituents see what they want. I say Water is Life. Stop DAPL+ Keystone.
You're commending #KeystoneXL like it won't ruin the drinking water for the surrounding areas and even Missouri. Your former home
NO WE DON'T! !!
The majority of Americans also voted for @HillaryClinton. Please Sen. Blunt, both the Keystone XL and DAPL are not needed!
the majority of Americans have long since been under-informed on the topic and therefore shouldn't be for or against pipelines.
LIES just the rich majority that want 2 gt RICHER at WATER EXPENSE..there will b bloodshed it will be on URHANDS #NODAPL
ahhh...no
LIAR.
Is this really true or just another #alternativefact ?
Your constituent in Missouri also wants and answer to this question!

#NoKXL
If you click the link to his site, the article has a link to the source... From 2015.
Is this another GOP #alternativefact?  I think most Americans support clean water and respect for indigenous peoples.
.@RoyBlunt A majority of Americans don't like the President
Majority of Americans voted for Hillary Clinton, what's your point, Senator?
(TBF Hillary supported the pipeline too, but his "majority supported" statement is still untrue)
you are Wrong sir. You need to pay attention 2 the people protesting & knocking on your doors in MO. We aren't backing down.
@clairecmc (Elected Reps, State &Federal) monitor Social Media 2 stay in tune. So do we. Tweet them often. Let them know we #RWOKE
