.@RoyBlunt If you vote to end the ACA it will mean the end of coverage for a massive number of your constituents. #Trumpcare
Yes, how many #Missouri constituents will lose coverage under this new proposed plan?  Have you looked into the numbers?
Vote no on Trumpcare!
right now are health is literally traded as stocks on wall st.Until that changes it will be corporate centered
Many will choose an affordable basic plan that includes a cedar box and a hole.
it is not needS, there is 1 need & it is healthcare, & every1 deserves it.
impeach trump. That'll make it better!!!!
, respectfully, I don't understand how either the ACA or the new GOP plan is patient-centered. Can you elucidate?
What meets our needs is what we have, not some damned tax break for the rich and raising rates on aeniors.  Stand up for us.
universal healthcare; single payer. Sounding better everyday.
.@RoyBlunt "patient centered approach" does not mean anything. It's just one of those empty phrases cooked up by a think tank.
We OPPOSE the new ACHA! #ProtectOurCare #ResistRepubAdmin2017 #StandandResistHC  #ACAtreatsCancer  #ACAtreatsDiabetes
MY FELLOW AMERICANS SENATOR BLUNT DOESN'T THINK CONGRESS SHOULD WASTE THEIR TIME INVESTIGATING OBAMAS NUMEROUS SCANDALS 2022245721
mr. Blunt, we don't want trump in our wh. He has ruined the u.s. we don't want this to be our normal.am from missouri.
shocked to read you support this monstrosity of a bill. Millions wd lose coverage. Unaffordable. You will certainly lose my vote.
Patient centered?  How us that possible under the ACA Repeal plan when seniors and poor won't be able to afford ANY insurance.
#Trumpcare= death. If you push it through, you are complicit, all because of your hatred for Obama. WTF is wrong with you?
we need universal healthcare that is affordable for everyone and not driven by profit hungry insurance CEO's
we need our government to get off of the big oil and Bannon agenda!
But how will you force insurance companies to provide those plans affordably?
patient centered approach is to get profits and ceos out of our health care system. Should only be Dr and patient making decisions
- It sounds like #trumpcare isn't affordable for middle class Americans either.  Quit being a puppet roy!  Disgusting! SAD!
We need health insurance that people can afford. HUGE rate increases for people over 50 in #Trumpcare. #NoAgeTax
single payer like every other developed country.
we already have it. It’s called the Affordable Care Act. Yours is called the “Insurance doesn’t have to cover anything” Act.
tax reform? Healthcarereform? Mr. Blunt please focus on the big issue - getting Russia out of our politics.
yes universal healthcare would be best, but I don't think that's what you meant
who cares abt choice when 24 mill lose coverage &thousands will die-esp rural voters 65+! What have you been doing past 8 yrs?
this horrible replacement is despicable
Women should not have to pay for pregnancy rider. Its a #wombtax. Fund Planned Parenthood only agency dedicated to ending abortion
I am your constituent and I do NOT want to repeal the ACA. #SaveACA
Hey @RoyBlunt how bout you have a #TownHall where the people of Missouri can let you know what they think - just a thought #resist
we need Medicaid for all. I feel my employer shouldn't have to supply me medical insurance. But plan from people we elected.
and what about the 24M who will be without insurance??? This is NOT acceptable! I am a constituent. It's time to stand for us!
what does this mean? Give us facts, figures, real information. Have a town hall.
#TrumpRyancare is worse than BEFORE #ACA.Hurts seniors, disabled, older Americans, women. Benefits ultra rich. #wombtax just WRONG
because people don't choose to get sick they shouldn't die because they can't afford @SpeakerRyan and #PresidentBannon's plan
yes we do need to be able to choose our plans. Not everyone needs to pay for every single thing
Medicaid for all citizens!!  No to #TrumpCARELESS #Trumpcare
"We need an (insurance exec) centered approach that gives (wealthy) Americans the ability to choose..." There. Fixed that for you.
You FAIL to say this was caused by greedy insurance companie$ that fund greedy politician$ campaign$. Minimize acce$$, up $$!
Show Me a plan we can afford in rural Missouri!
can you guarantee rates will go down to an affordable level under the Republican plan?
We need universal single-payer healthcare so that all Americans have access to quality affordable healthcare.
we need a patient-centered approach that gives Americans the ability to afford the plans that meet their needs
the problem is the cost
Just do away with the insurance co. & move back to "hospitalization" policies; no reason for Trumped Up Costs just to write it off
Why does GOPcare gives tax break to families making 1 mil at same time increasing premiums for middle & eliminating for poor
So why did you give us an insurance company centered plan just like @BarackObama ?
This new plan doesn't do this Senator.  What's your plan?
Single payer.  Pull your heads out of the sand!
How can you keep basic healthcare from the poorest Americans in order to give more "choice" to the others?
we need the government to stay out of healthcare. Let the free market work.
Great job working in your party pickup line "ability to choose" aka reduction of benefits. So horrible.
...Stop Ins. companies huge profits/go to single payer & all will fall into line. To say loss of $ is disengenuous/less profit.
Establish a committee made up of patients, nurses, physicians, ins. sales reps, hospital execs, small business owners, co. Execs.
If you leave any out, you won't  get a full picture of what needs to happen in Healthcare today. Make it bipartisan.
Leave out any political party affiliation or make it with the same number represented from each party.
On the backs of us #aarp folks. 
also, we see you on the trump train. We won't forget when it crashes and burns but you still want to be reelected. #Putinspuppet
town hall. Town hall. Town hall. Town hall. Town hall. Town hall. Town hall. Town hall. Town hall. Town hall. Town hall. #SaveACA
I'm old enough to remember competition/regulation kept Americans cost low. After de-reg is when things got outta hand...
@TRYANCARE means I will have no choice but to go without insurance.
How about plans we can actually afford? Oh wait, you're making it so only rich, white, young Americans can be covered.
and you are not providing it I keep hearing about hard working people need to get off of Medicaid cat with poor wages underRTW
Why is it that "choose the plans that meets their needs" seems like code for "offering bad plans with minimal real coverage?"
let's talk about it at a town hall. What's been proposed is NOT the answer. Listen to your constituents for a change #notrumpcare
agreed but is this it?  Let's see the cost and the details.
YOU CAN'T CHOOSE A PLAN YOU CAN'T AFFORD
talking points handed out by the @GOP for you to parrot. Not sure which will happen first for you an original thought or town hall
and if you're rich enough to afford them, you can actually get them!
Did you want to insist all employers offer multiple plans with varied ins carriers as well? Because this talking point is BS
and just once I'd like to hear you say "America is great" and "Our military always fight to win" and "We are better than Russia"
Yeah, it's called the #ACA. Your constituents like it. It gives us better options and lower premiums than #Trumpcare.
repealing and replacing ACA to give the rich a tax break is a tax break for the rich not better affordable healthcare for people
about Flynn being a foreign agent?!?! Do your job!
healthy school lunches are also important to healthcare!
clean air and water is also very important to healthcare
If doctors, nurses, hospitals oppose GOP's #AHCA then please explain why you consider it patient-centered, @RoyBlunt http://nyti.ms/2lENbij 
try listening to Tom Cotton seems he listens and hears his constituents about health care
how about medicine prices? We need this concern addressed! Do your job!
UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE is what we want Ol Roy!!!!!!!!
you do know we need our children to have a good public education and they are our future, right? Do your job!
anything on the Russian interference in our government? You do realize they are at technical war with us, right? Do your job!
anything on Trumps taxes yet? Do your job!
AFFORDABLE plans that meet our needs! Come to a town hall and we can tell you what our needs are! You need to listen to & hear us!
we need health care for all. And not punish the elderly for living too long
You bet, Roy. And that's the free market/little government required - meaning few regulations, subsidies and red tape
Doesn't look like your constituency is with you on #trumpcare. Not that u care. Bad legacy. Sad as 45 would tweet
universal / single payer healthcare meets my needs.  When can I sign up?
you do understand how insurance works right? We have to mix sick with well #Trumpcare Only fooling the very vulnerable. Shame
Pt-centered care has no meaning to me as a nurse. People do not have a "crystal ball"  regarding their future healthcare needs.
no actually need to an investigation into Russia meddling in the 2016 elections comrade blunt.
instead of posting what your thoughts are on healthcare why don't u hold a town hall and hear what your constituents want
Are you willing to give up your healthcare?
You just described Obamacare.

If you weren't driven irrational with hatred, you'd be all for it.

It's the conservative approach.
and Paul Ryan's bill IS NOT going to accomplish this. Demand better and stand against the current bill.
.@RoyBlunt We cannot choose what we cannot afford.
Reduce cost by limiting coverage to only what healthy men+women utilize (no prenatal, min geriatrics)? Exception: Viagra. F-OFF!
You should be ashamed of being a puppet and allowing your party and ins companies to get richer..Just horrible
agreed, but the GOP plan doesn't give that result...
that's great. We'll have all sorts of choices that no one can afford. I can't wait to vote you out.
"If you need to choose, you choose to need."
We need Medicare for all, not #trumpcare
you can't choose what you can't afford. Why can't republicans understand that? #SaveOurCare
cancel all insurance bills, acts. Feds don't have the right or the capabilities to control that market! Shrink yourself please
I so happy we are making insurance companies great and giving them billions of dollars .Are we sick of winning yet
Patient-centered is just the latest catch phrase nothing more 
We need universal healthcare and healthcare CEO's who don't makes millions per year. That's what we need Roy! 
you want to talk healthcare, contact me. I'm very experienced in healthcare & I call your offices twice per day.
keep after him Mary!
