Build the wall.  Deport them all.
How about continuing the health care jobs by keeping the Affordable Care Act.... Plus you might help citizens at the same time.
Yeah that extra $10.41 a paycheck is really going to make a difference.
Please retire. Today
Once again Republicans prove that they only WORSHIP MONEY for THEMSELVES

Trump and Republicans are trying to sell you the idea that American corporations need a tax cut in order to be competitive. It's rubbish. 
More jobs for who? Fairer taxes for millionaires. Bigger paychecks for CEOs.

No thanks.
For you!
How is spending Billions of $$$ building a border wall with Mexico going the help with this? Your constituents need to know where you stand.
Trickle down does not work! You rich cats already have more than you can spend. Why would you with more help the folks with less?
Great. Now what are you doing to help the dying people of #PuertoRico???
Geese those poor people are really screwing over the rich by only paying 10%
Fairer taxes? It isn't fair that the wealthiest people pay the least amount. There is NOTHING FAIR about that. I call BS Senator.
Fairer to whom? Not to us middle class workers! Trickle down didn't work before and it won't work now. 
Remind me again how many times Presidents Reagan increased taxes?  And those was an economic boom time. Get out of your donor’s pockets.
For who? For who? For who? 
San Juan mayor is begging for help. Trump is on his way to golf.
You know what'd be fun? A town hall meeting where we could discuss tax code changes!
OMG, BS concept! American Airlines earned $19B last 4yrs - didn't drop prices or hire ppl - trickle down is failure like Roy & Sam
Trickle down has never worked because greed is alive and well in this country.  The rich get real savings and the rest of us get a bone.
So does this mean that you will oppose @POTUS tax “reform” (sic)?  Will you oppose @POTUS giving him and his elite friends more tax breaks?
You should be ashamed that some college kid runs your twitter account so poorly. This tax plan is a benefit for the rich.
LOSER!!!!!
Bigger  pay check  haven't  see it and don't  expect  too ether
Why don't you hold a town hall and explain it all to us?
Massive cuts to Medicare. Top 1% save billions. How is this good for average Missourians?
And the rich get richer. We’re not stupid. We can read the proposal and know the motivation is to increase wealth for the wealthy
Roy, you need to quit lying to Missourians, you only want cuts for your rich friends so they will pad your pockets.
So far haven't seen your path to that. Maybe a town hall would help #fakesenator
Republicans' budget would cut Medicare by at least $450 billion, but would give billionaires, including the Trump family, huge tax breaks.
What about Puerto Rico? They are US citizens too.
This tax plan is a joke!! Family of 4 making 100K saves 1K in taxes.  They could renegotiate their cable/internet bill for the same result.
For you.
Oh crap... Roy's wallet is open again
You'd like to believe that.
Otherwise this is just another tax break for the rich
Not the way the current proposal is...maybe make tax brackets 10%, 20% and 40%, business 25%, keep estate tax
Maybe Trump's base is uneducated and dense but the rest of are not.
You play the part of a lying, spineless, greedy politician so well. Maybe some day ignorant whites won't be so ignorant & stop voting for u

The last 2 GOP tax cuts lead to massive recessions and massive wealth disparity. Lead with facts and empathy, not blinders and sycophancy.
To rebuild our factories Obama tore down? https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU 
What’s your and your colleague cut in this deal? I bet it is much greater than the peanuts workers are getting.HUH?Trump is a LIAR AGAIN
Fairer taxes?That's a f'n joke!!! U ONLY want to give wealthy ppl a tax cut & trickle down is also a f'n joke never has worked & never will
Are there spending cuts & condensing government agencies in this as well?
Your boss' "Tax Plan" is a disaster.  Biggest cuts go the richest ppl!  Stop acting like his puppet and vote against this fucking mess!
is this that 'trickle down' shit ya'll been pushing since Reagan? Doesn't work, dude, except for your donors. You can help people. Do so.
Such crap
Bullshit.
More trickle down voodoo economics - big $$ for the wealthy.  Stop lying, please.
If you want bigger checks, reduce tax burden, reduce gov.  What are you doing about that?
More jobs (you will need 2 or 3 to make ends meet). Fairer taxes for the wealthy. Bigger paychecks for the wealthy. #OutOfTouch
add to this..better healthcare to keep people at work..cover pre-existing conditions.  please.  :)
Oh yeah totally....except trickle down economics doesn't actually work...Reagan proved that in the 80's, Bush reinforced it in early 2000's.
Is it really trickle down if my taxes are likely to go up under this plan?
As are mine...and I am very much a middle class worker.
The American people are not going to get a good tax deal
Blah blah blah.  #GOPLIES
tell us in person how the removing of estate taxes helps the poor or middle class !  You are Mitch McConnell Junior being pulled by a string

Lies
Bigger paychecks for whom?
And what about retirees? My parents taxes will go up nearly 25%!!!!!
bs bs and....bs
Trickle down doesn't work, Roy! The key word is "TRICKLE!" Giving us a copper penny while you rich sob's scoop up the gold! #LIAR #FU
If you're rich, you mean.  What I've seen of the tax plan is NOT fairer, nor will I be bringing home bigger paychecks.  Middle class takes it in the shorts again.
Liar, we know you can’t even comprehend a third of the words in the “reform”.
More lies..but lets discuss at a town hall in STL..you know the city in the state you represent
Trickle down economics is a myth
I don't know how you do it, Roy. Stand there and lie, lie, lie to the good people of your own state. Truly shameful. #TrumpBot
This is robbery in plain sight. Money worshipping politicians are inside operatives. Think about the National debt.
If you were serious about cutting government spending, you would make the Pentagon follow the recommendations in the report it buried.
You mean for the rich?    Yeah you can bet Missouri gets it, Roy.  Shame on you!
People that lie ,cheat, and hurt other human beings are a disgrace to God, country and man. You are that disgrace.
Liar  Liar  Liar
More minimum wage jobs, tax cuts for your buddies, middle class shoulders the burden...
again.  
Enough already Roy, we're tired of the lies
Serious question, Senator Blunt:  How do the disastrous results of tax reform in Kansas influence your plan? What will be different here?
great ? for @RoyBlunt ...
Just like KS, right. No way we believe that a bunch of rich people want to help us with $1000 for a car or kitchen redo #GOPLies #TaxReform
You actually believe that? Show me who will have a bigger check? Prove to me that I won't be losing 2% tax and 30% medical? Show and tell!
I'm sick of the lying! These swamp creatures act as if we can't read or think. Despite efforts by DeVos, illiteracy isn't rampant yet.
And more $$$ for the Trumps!
Yeah and Mexico is paying for that wall!  More GOP lies and BS!

Air Force academy head tells racists to 'get out'

http://www.cnn.com/videos/us/2017/09/29/jay-silveria-air-force-academy-cadets-full.youtube-usafaofficial … Thank you!!
For whom??
The tax "plan" is only for your wealthy friends.

How do you feel about the CHIP program expiring tomorrow and harming kids?
Trickle down never trickles down, Ol Roy.
SHAME ON YOU! You are Lying this tax-reform give BIG TAX CUTS to the RICH & does very little to help poor or middle class! Do right for MO.
LOL. You & the GOP have no credibility. You can't claim to care about workers after spending 9 months trying to take away their health care.
Are you kidding?  You still have your wealth redistributed Obamacare.  No idea what you're bitching about.
Not in our lifetime!
Grow a pair and come to St. Louis for a town hall.  Your fear of doing so and your disregard for your constituents is shameful.  Puppet
Less chartered private jets!
Eliminating deduction for state taxes hurts hard working Americans. #UNFAIR
It does.  My state and local taxes exceed $16,000.  Sounds like a tax increase to me.
If it's such a good deal lets have a town hall meeting and discuss it what do you say Roy?
Great Senator ,Roy Blunt
This is what you've been selling us for decades, and it never works. Lowering Donald Trump's taxes doesn't trickle down to the middle class.
This GOP tax plan is a big lie!  Biggest cuts for wealthiest!!
You actually said that BS with a straight face! Hollywood is calling!
Lowering taxes has never raised wages.
Trickle-down economics has been tried. 
It. Does. Not. Work!
This "tax reform" effort just amounts to tax cuts for the uber-wealthy
Only for the ric.   Probably less than 1% of your constituents.  I wish you would be more like McCain and stand up for your constituents.
GC would have killed 46k MO jobs - you supported it. Trump plans to hike working class taxes. Stop supporting the opposite of your rhetoric!
The last line is actually true.  Bigger paychecks...for Blunt, Trump and the rest of the 1%.
Uhhhh, sure Roy. We trust you
 Sigh. Hey @royblunt -> 1 of the best ways to help ppl have "bigger paychecks" is fighting for #MedicareForAll   Why not support #S1804?
The unemployment rate is LOW. We don't need more jobs, we need higher pay & we need you @GOP and POTUS to pay your share.
And the last thing this country needs is lost revenue. We need State, EPA, park service better funded & staffed, not less! GOP ruining us.
It's NOT about what u want...hold TOWNHALLS and we'll tell u what we want, stop running Roy!
#LastTerm4blunt
#PuppetRoy
What is more important giving a low income earner 10.00 more per wk in their paycheck which enables them to supply 2 meals for a family of 4
Or tax cut to ur wealthy donors enabled by a tax increase on the lowest bracket from 10% to 12% What is wrong with @realDonaldTrump & @GOP
Worked great for Kansas and Sam Brownback.

That's State tax, it's dwarfed by the Federal Tax he is actually talking about. It's like putting down a slingshot w/ a shotgun still there.
Rainbow butterflies  pie in sky  flannel unicorns  
I can type random meaningless shit too, Roy. Weeeeeeee
#dontstopmenow
Flannel unicorns...are the best!
Really good line Senator! Keep fighting for the 1%! Lord knows they need help!
I remember as a kid at Sunday dinners Dad would lament that as a middle class family, we weren't doing enough to give billionaires tax cuts
BS
Do you remember what it was like to have integrity? You did good yesterday with the domestic assault protection bill. Don't support this
Lies. It's weird that for an America first tax plan American companies that decide to go overseas and cost American's job get tax breaks.
Yes basic logic... is a lie. OK  and how is reducing corporate tax affecting corporations that left the US to AVOID the tax getting breaks?
If you don't understand how that creates incentives for companies to go over seas and further remove jobs then you need some econ 101 Or 040
Maybe you do sir, Decreasing stateside taxes assists Stateside companies. It's very simple. Like incredibly, 1+1 type of simple.
Ask Kansas how well that worked.
Bottom line is it doesn't.
Well, thanks.. rhetorical answer to actual question. And here I thought you were going to have some actual insight, not bad debate tactics.
Decreasing stateside taxes doesn't create jobs. Corporate profits are at record high.
Trickle down didn't work with reagan. Or in Kansas
It didn't work with Reagan? Are you saying Reagan didn't have an economic boon refered to as the Age of Excess....
