the #AHCA is horrible, the ACA needs fixed not made worse. You must vote NO! Constituents over party.
2 bad MO chose not 2 offer affordable coverage to its poorest citizens w/ Medicaid expansion. Think of # of sick/poor could have been helped
And this bill being voted on today will kill people. For God's sake, vote no!
Famlies do deserve better but Trumpcare is even worse.
your assessment of ACA incorrect. Ryan plan to give huge tax breaks to rich on backs of poor. MO does not stand behind you on this
this bill will result in insurance companies charging older people five times the normal premium
hreat comment.  please listen senator
.@RoyBlunt @KCStar 42% of births in MO are financed by Medicaid. How can you cut that $$ and insurance for 10,000+ MO kids? #ProLife

.@RoyBlunt .@KCStar really? And when millions have no health care? And 1000s of older middle class workers die? #ProDeathRepublicans
can we repeal and replace Roy Blunt instead of the ACA? Seems like that might help more people.
I'm in!
This why we need Medicare for all and Medicaid expansion, all blocked by your party.  Profit means more to you than lives.

Families are not getting better coverage with what you yahoos came up with. You should have such coverage.
the ACA may not be perfect but your repeal is absolutely devastating to a large portion of Missourians. Maybe have a townhall...
he wouldn't show up. He's a pansy.
but trump care worse. please stand behind all your voters who will not be able to afford insurance under trumpcare
Trumpcare is not the answer.
please notice NOT ONE of these responses is positive. You work for us, old man. Do your fucking job.
This isn't news. What can you do better? Not the #AHCA, unless you're an insurance company anyway.
Are you actually supporting @PRyan 's #AHCA  #Trumpcare?  Seriously???
URGE President Trump to DO IT RIGHT rather than DO IT FAST
Roy- work to fix the existing system, Ryan's radical plan just throws poor people under the bus.
Roy, you're using "alternative facts". Trumpcare only supports insurance for the wealthiest. Access doesn't mean anything.
Are you willing to put you and your entire family on whatever health plan @realDonaldTrump puts forward?
1/So is Trumpcare "Art of the Deal" crap, where you throw out something unworkable, then back down to something terrible..
2/so that the other side is tricked into thinking that you actually compromised?
Senator, your actions in supporting repeal of the ACA speak louder than your words; republican health plan not affordable.
Better is good. The AHCA is worse. I hope ur ready 2 retire, you won't get elected again if you stick us in AHCA.
begged you to give input to ACA. You're at fault. We want your cover tat your cost. When's your town hall?
Roy's BMW wasn't working. It had a flat tire. So Roy rolled it off a cliff and bought a mule to get to work.
#Obamacare was a Republican policy enacted by a pragmatist president. Families deserve a single payer option and expect it
your actions will result in people dying, in pain and destitute. And you claim to be Christian. Greed is your god.
Can you for once do the right thing, be the Christian you claim to be and think about the poor and seniors.
just reminding you that you're being the worst right now, but it's never too late to do the right thing
Trumpcare is a dumpster fire.
when and where  is your town hall during the April recess?
we deserve a revised ACA & regulations on private insurance. They are the problem. Do not repeal ACA!
Did you mean only rich families deserve better? That's what I thought. #insincerecaring #liars #obscenegreed #nextelection
David M. Cordani, Cigna -$17.31 million. Mark Bertolini, Aetna - $17.3 million. #obscenegreed
It was designed to discourage companies from letting any increases in revenue go to executive bonuses rather than patient care.
The new proposal lifts the guaranteed deduction to $1 million from $500,000 established by the Affordable Care Act. #obscenegreed
The bill unveiled would scrap the limitation for insurers on how much executive compensation is tax deductible. #repubACAscam
Check with the folks losing their insurance coverage.  Do they think it's better to have NO coverage?
If you truly believe what you say, get in there and make a way for all citizens to have healthcare.  It's your job!
It's a bigger mess and puts burden on the elderly and rural poor.  Disappointed in your decision.
Senator - what families deserve is health care that IS affordable. They already have it!  Why not give them more 4 less?
how would you know. You have no clue how the real world functions
then produce something better than the trash the Republicans have shown us, please.
#Trumpcare is not a good plan, Senator Blunt!  
you know what's workable affordable and sustainable? Single payer.
it's more affordable and more sustainable than #Trumpcare
ACA helped my family when husband lost job. It was affordable and worked just fine when utilized.
Families DO deserve better, but #Trumpcare isn't it.
young couples wanting to start a family will have to pay more for pregnancy benefits which they probably cannot afford
rural hospitals will close and jobs will be lost in the rural areas because less people will be insured
45 year old making 18,000 will have to pay $2,000 more a year for insurance than they do now. please stop this bill
Drop tax breaks 4 wealthy N bill. Protect middle paying horrible premiums & low wage earner & elderly who need subsidy.
Fix the horrible premiums for the middle and protect the low wage earner subsidy. quit pitting us against each other.
#Trumpcare How high will deducts be, # of Ins Co, effects on Medicare-caid, what's covered, Dr choice, cost, penalties?
stop pretending to be a mental health advocate and be one! #Trumpcare is NOT the answer for Missouri!
Yes Americans deserve better so get to work making #ACA  better quit hiding behind agenda 4RICH 
http://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-tax/eliminating-two-aca-medicare-taxes-means-very-large-tax-cuts-for-high-earners …
 @KCStar
MO residents would have seen more benefits. Place blame where it belongs and fix the system don't destroy lives for party
Not on ACA, have employer coverage and have a 5000$ deductible. Welcome 2 insurance. If MOLEG had expanded Medicaid:  1/2
REPEAL.
Should 25-50% of your income go toward watered down health insurance? @RoyBlunt 
 thinks so. #Trumpcare is bankruptcy.
Why is your op-ed a bunch of lies?  Or as your administration calls them alternative facts. #LiesMatter
#Trumpcare isn't the answer. The WH estimate is even worse than the CBO's: up to 26 million people will lose healthcare!
it's unsustainable because your first priority is to cut the taxes that sustain it. #corporatewellbeingb4humanwellbeing
We do deserve better. It's called single payer healthcare and we're the only first world country without it.
your nose is as black as your heart. Kissing Donnies ass and putting party before ppl = fired.
this replacement is crap. Repeal the aca & give us a free market w/o state boundaries & allow buying pools thru free assoc
ACA has worked for me. The plan you favor will leave me with no insurance.
Respectfully disagree. Oh, wait, the #cbo disagrees, too. Surprise, surprise, surprise!
I agree, we need to scrap the ACA & AHCA so we can implement Universal Healthcare for all Americans. Take out the profit!
second this!
you have got to be kidding me.  Have you heard of the #CBO? Shame. #HealthCareReform #resist
And if you can't afford either "choice" completely determined by the insurance provider You are still SOOL
Yes, but the AHCA isn't looking any rosier.
I agree improvements are needed. Fail to see how GOP is a better option. Please explain
is like Robin Hood except he steal from the poor to give to the rich.
the doctor in the picture looks like Guy on the cooking channel.
So the response is to go back as decade. Free market health care leaves the poor as 2nd class citizens.
You know what does work? Single payer.
defend your un's assertions in Missouri Town Hall!  Dark money influence should be so UN!  Dark money = Tyranny!
.@RoyBlunt @KCStar You are right. They DO deserve better. So why are you proposing worse instead?
Maybe we should have taken the medicare expansion?
Do you know what the word disingenuous means?
Yes we do Roy; too bad no expanded Medicaid when we had the chance. What are you going to do with the nursing homes?
Roy needs to take his hand out of the health care lobbying cookie jar and start eating the lean pickings the rest of us have been-Hypocrite.
His most devout constituents will be the ones hurt the most--750% increase in cost for folks 64+ How is that affordable or sustainable?
We Need affordable Healthcare for ALL! The AHCA of the Republican Administration CANNOT be your idea of GOOD HEALTHCARE?
You need to stop this. Dems & Publicans need to cooperate and fix ACA. You're acting like children and WE are suffering.
then work to fix #Obamacare. What you CANNOT do is throw millions of people off of their insurance. We're watching you.
UMEAN TrumpCare is unworkable! U Can't Sell yourDISASTER FAILED PLAN!
#TRyanCareFail
#TrumpRussia
#RussiaGate
#LiarNChief
I wish you cared about the people that voted you in office enough to stand up for what's right not want GOP wants
Giving someone who's impoverished a savings account for healthcare is like giving a cookbook to someone who doesn't have food.
WHO PAYS FOR YOUR INSURANCE OLD MAN?
.@RoyBlunt Your answer to the Affordable Care Act is health savings accounts? Seriously, that's the best you have? Slow down and try again.
Throw 23 million off healthcare and we will see how sustainable you are. Read your bible. Proverbs 22:9 would be a good start
He's the koolaid and 
If Congress weren't so corrupt you would pass a public option instead of allowing insurance companies to price gouge us and the govn.
Quit being a coward and hold town halls. CBO says TrumpCare is a loser for older, rural residents
It's a bad sign to write and pass a bill to Law when your Completely EXEMPT from it! Especially when it's a Tax! 
REALLY looking forward to 2018 so we can vote out all these damned republican. You screw with us - we get rid of you!
. @RoyBlunt @KCStar do you feel bad about lying through your dentures?
