Still ignoring your constituents, I see. 
I actually got him onthe ph,don't knw hw, he told me I might nt understand everything tht goes n2 the vetting process
Since you don't answer your phone, when are you coming "home"? We'd like to "show" you what's on our minds in MO.
no kidding. I've called a dozen times!!
Just because you say it, doesn't make it so. Is your job to sell #biggestloser opinions to MO, or to represent?
How much did he pay you? Hope you got more than 33k
lacks morals and character. By your support you affirm your lack of morals and character. Disgusting.
you are the worst senator this state has ever had. You choose party & $$ over what is best for your constituents. #Sessionshearing
and committed to being a great racist. @SenatorSessions
unless they're women, or black, or gay...fuck those people.
Vote NO. If you actually love America more than you love $$$$.
Disappointed in @RoyBlunt support of @SenatorSessions, whose record shows won't protect rights of women, minorities, voters, LBGTQ, etc etc
voting yes on Senator Sessions is morally wrong and unethical and you know it.
https://mobile.twitter.com/TheDemocrats/status/829371445511933952/photo/1 …
Can you tell me when Sessions has helped crime victims? Thanks.
crooked roy...lying trump...shameful
I was a registered Republican but no longer.  You've forgotten who you work for.
Sessions is committed to justice for some and oppression for many. Just like DeVos.
Sessions voted NO on adding sexual orientation to definition of hate crimes. (Jun 2002)
I look forward to mobilizing everyone I know against your next campaign
Look forward to him being out.  If he runs again count me in.#ByeBlunt
u r sad
I disagree with this decision completely and I will remember this the next time you come up for reelection!
don't do it Blunt! #careersuicide #NoSessions
You have lost my vote. Ashamed we live in the same state.
Patriots stand up!
I encourage you all to call the Senator's Columbia office phone: (573) 442-8151
Nope.  Enjoy this term.   It's gonna be your last. MO has had #enough
recruited Carter Page to the Trump campaign. Carter Page was in the Steele dossier.
Sessions also brought in that fascist Stephen Miller who works with fascist Bannon.
.@RoyBlunt @SenatorSessions I will not be voting for Sen. Blunt. Look forward to supporting @JasonKander in any future political endeavors.
And Sen. Blunt is committed to voting however his big campaign donors want him to. #crooked
Sessions voted NO on reinstating $1.15 billion funding for the COPS Program. (Mar 2007)
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C4HWd9HVMAAKoXO.jpg …
you've lost all credibility as being a true representative of ALL your constituents. Shame on you.
shame on you for not listening to your constituents.
justice for whom? I think both you and sessions are out of touch with this country as well.
Sessions voted NO on expanding hate crimes to include sexual orientation. (Jun 2000)
please don't confirm this man! He opposes civil rights which you claim you support so #nosessions #draintheswamp
His past racist actions are not good for America.  Shame on you for voting to silence Sen Warren #letlizspeak
I look forward to making sure you are not elected again.
how about stopping such light sentences for rape conviction, this is a joke on justice
Please actually listen to your constituents. We as a nation deserve better for AG.
A lot of Missouri VOTERS are mobilizing against you for your support of racist @SenatorSessions & unqualified @BetsyDeVos
unconscionable to support this racist and Trump surrogate. You put the fox in the henhouse.
Justice for all if you're a straight, white, male. #VoteNo or we'll vote no on YOU!
Blunt and Sessions. Birds of a feather.
So thankful to hear that you will confirm Judge Sessions.
I don't know what makes me madder-you voting for him or shutting down  Elizabeth Warren. Either way we lose.
Sessions chose Carter Page for Trump's campaign. He won't hold Trump accountable. He is cashing in, too. #Rosneft
And Roy Blunt is complicit! He thinks *he* can make more money off of this, too. #CORRUPTION
You aren't listening to your constituents again. No to Sessions.  We'll remember in '22. #shepersisted
why am I surprised you're cool with racism
As long as the victims are white men, am I right?
Vote for him or his connections. $HAME, $SHAME, $HAME!
Totally doubling down on the authoritarian state, aren't you?
he was too racist to be a federal judge but he's just right to be an AG of the United States. Good Ole Roy.
reading the responses, I'm confident this is your last term. Better keep that bribe $ for when you're unemployed.
I look forward to voting for anyone opposing you at reelection.
The beginning of Roy Blunt's last term as a professional politician.
DO YOU EVEN
 HAVE A SOUL? Note, I didn't ask about a brain! Birds of a Feather!
voting for a raging bigot makes you a bigot, too. #RecallBlunt #NoSessions
Only in US do we rely on a rodent 2 predict if 6 weeks of winter but refuse 2 trust scientists on climate change.
well, a racist will always vote for another racist. Not surprised.
, "committed to advocating " for all races or just one? Step up to the plate boys. Do right by all Americans.
is committed to bringing the U.S. back to the Jim Crow era. Oppose him or step down. Those are your only options.
Definitely won't be voting for Mr. Blunt next year. What an idiot.
I mean, I wasn't planning on it anyway. :P
Party before Country?  Guess what! #ShePersisted
you have zero integrity in your position as a public servant.
you amoral liar, I hope you're happy that you sold out the children of this state and ignored constituents
No. @SenatorSessions is a known #deplorable #racist, and if you vote to confirm him for AG, you can't claim not to be one, too. 
I look forward to voting you out of office. Your record this week is reprehensible.
do you even listen at all to your constituents? You are an embarrassment to Missouri.
absolutely awful choice. It makes me sick living in a state with you as a senator. #YouDontCareAboutUs
Read the letter Coretta Scott King wrote opposing Sessions’s 1986 federal nomination
i will remember this on November 8, 2022, you will not get my vote.
Will you challenge illegal executive action, or let the President get away with it?
Never mind his abysmal record on civil rights? Helping shut down criticism on the Senate floor was a nice touch. #letLizSpeak
I guess you are hoping that Mo has amnesia in 6 yrs. I wouldn't bet on it. I'll remind them, & I won't be the only 1. #Outnumbered
like do you have any principles aside doing what big daddy GOP tells you to do?
he's committed to disenfranchising the minority vote
after the last 8 years anyone will be better than holder and lynch
too bad we don't get to vote on you again in 2018. You'd be done serving the plutocracy as a MO senator. DeVos is bad for MO kids.
Enjoy the next 2 years. Yes, 2. Senate's gonna be less fun with your nazi buds gone. You're gonna beg for 2022
The people of Missouri are watching. We won't forget....#NoOnSessions
Then I am committed to ousting you. And unlike you, I will bring far more than one vote. Count on it.
Coretta Scott King said he used the "powers of his office in a shabby attempt to intimidate and frighten elderly black voters"
You do not listen to MO voters. Sessions is racist, civil rights opponent.  Vote NO. #resist #Sessions
what about the crime of voter suppression in Alabama?
Silencing Senator Elizabeth Warren as she read the words of M L King's widow is shameful. #resist #letlizspeak
I know people change. 1986 was 30 years ago, but what about Coretta Scott King's letter?
Release the logs of constituent feedback on this nomination. Prove you represent the citizens of your state! #ShowYourWork
Anyone who has used his office as US attorney to chill the free exercise of the ballot should not be elevated. #LetCorettaSpeak
After rdg this thread, my faith in Missourians is restored. We stand against bigotry, hate, @RoyBlunt & his crony @SenatorSessions. #RESIST
did @SenatorSessions "donate" as much as devos, or did he get the friends and family rate?
vote no.
is a racist elitist. Oh forgot, we ppl don't matter. Your CONSTIUENTS are living in RADIOACTIVE CONTAMINATION.
How much did Sessions pay you?  #BluntsVotesForSale
Read Coretta Scott King's letter, Senator.  Silencing critique of a nominee is not true vetting.  #letlizspeak
confirmation of Sen Sessions will lead to protests and rioting in the streets.
@amylynnyoga @SenatorSessions you have no soul!
That's great. Tell us about his record on civil rights. - your constituant
No wonder you're too cowardly to have a town hall!  Stay under your rock!
thanks for not listening it your constituents
what planet are you on?! You aren't voting how we want you to! You work for US!!! You'll never get my vote!
He is not listening to his constituents.  So sad for our country.
is it not a crime to be against so many people of color?  Isn't it a crime to vote against the majority?
#RecallBlunt
all crimes? Or just the ones our president does not commit?
Preventing Coretta Scott King's words from being spoken on the floor tonight was disgraceful
the crime victims today were our children. Who's looking out for their education!!!??
hi, Missourian here. How can you say you represent us when you keep supporting these cabinet choices?
you are both deplorable human beings. Who becomes a millionaire as a Senator while "serving" the people???
you depress me
.@RoyBlunt @SenatorSessions sold your soul to DeVos family & now you SILENCE a colleague during debate? #shameless
He is a racist, idiot. Don't confirm him. Unless of course that vote has been purchased as well
what about his racism? Does he standup for only white peoples?
Sen. Warren attempted to read this letter in the Senate today.
, I look forward to you being ousted. You only care about yourself. Not your constituents.
so are you going to let Mitch continue to bully Sen. Warren after all as a woman she's not your equal, right
you should be ashamed of yourself after today
You are a shill.
and your constituents oppose it.  PLEASE talk to us!
what did Garland have to say. Oh U didn't want to listen. So will the AG be independent or presidential lackey?
Nope. Jefferson Beauregard @SenatorSessions is an old school hateful racist who is a danger to the American way of life. #voteno
shame on you.
He has no shame he is married to a lobbyist who puts additves in Kraft foods so yo eat more
where's the 'dislike' button?
will come before you know it. Missourians won't forget where your loyalties lay. You have prostitued your office.
seem blind to statistically relevant threat of white male, self-identified Christian domestic terrorists. #resist
We don't really need to have this racist as AG. Really, Senator, you dollar signs beliefs are showing :(
Missourians look forward to voting against you in the next election
disappointing tweet; but I didn't expect you to do anything but agree with trump even when he is wrong
Support the majority of your constituents instead.
I appreciate your friendship, but history will judge you harshly.  #NoSessions
Too bad @SenatorSessions view of "justice" condemns drug use not violent action of white supremacists who use.
you both are frauds and should be tried for corruption
don't make another mistake, please.
you may want to try doin the will of the people you represent, just once. It's what you were sent there to do
#FuckConstituents
how many phone calls, etc. have you received asking you to vote no for Sessions
you have easily made this your last term in office. Congratulations.
You're a sellout, Roy!  I know the #of calls your office rcvd 2 deny DeVos. U R a sellout to your constituents!
Sessions is committed to WHITE justice, that is a fact! Read the rest of his ADULT  record
The KKK is having a field day.
.@RoyBlunt you're going against your constituent's wishes when you vote for Sessions tomorrow. Your career won't continue if you keep it up.

is soft on violence against women & he is for torture - illegal under Geneva convention. #no


I don't think you're making a lot of friends here. I live in Missouri and I vote in every election.
sir, I respect your service, but this MO resident knows that both Sessions and DeVos are wrong for the country and Missouri.
.@RoyBlunt Really? I think Coretta Scott King & #BlackLivesMatter would say otherwise about @SenatorSessions as AG
#NoOnSessions
You're committed to placing your unqualified donors into offices which they have no business being in.
- If it's a "yes" vote for blunt then it's probably a "no" vote for the rest of Missouri!
@SenWarren @SenSchumer What reassurance do we have that he no longer harbors racist leanings?  NONE.
Here is Jeff Sessions comments on sexual assault. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/oct/10/sexual-assault-definition-trump-comments …
so disappointed to hear this. As a former Alabaman and current Missourian, I know we all deserve better.
we are watching and we vote.
Jeff Sessions' Chief of Staff, Richard Burt, wrote Trump's speech reversing his stance on Russian involvement in Ukraine.
not surprising. Another ludicrous bad decision in a career of the same
you aren't representing us well at all in MO
it's a shame that you wouldn't listen wasn't listen to your constituents and vote against DeVos for secry of ed
he better not harm us more why in the hell did u vote for devos?
Good work, Senator!!! #ComfirmSessions
vote no on sessions.already sold out on Devos. Does nominees records matter at all?
The person who hacked the DNC is being held in Prague.  Will Sessions pursue extradition??

We need an AG who represents all Americans, not one to set us back 60 years. NO on Sessions.
Roy, we get it..Joanie loves Chachi. Are you getting paid per tweet now of all your endorsements?
another in a string of bad choices.
seems at odds with your statement yesterday....seeing that, you know, Sessions is a bigot. Or did you just mean white families?

Sure, if you are comfortable redefining justice to exclude immigrants, LGBTQ, people of color. Yr racism is sad.
NICE FILM OF YOU AND YOUR FRIENDLY FARKNOCKINGSHITWEASELS  #WORSTSENATOREVER
You look forward to voting for a white supremacist? What does that say about you?
Uh . . . that civil rights don't matter to him? Just a stab in the dark.
Did senator sessions also donate to your campaign or is that an exclusive DeVos tactic? Asking for a friend.

you will never get my vote or my family's vote again.
did @SenatorSessions also pay you to support him?
You have sold your soul to trump. I'll see you jobless soon!

Thank you Sen. Roy Blunt!
What are you blind and deaf?
No, @SenatorSessions opposes to equal voting rights, is fond of the KKK, and doesn't think secular Americans can be moral. #Bigot
I look forward to working against your reelection. #NoSessions
Both of you are TERRIBLE excuses for human beings. #MissouriSaysNo
seriously? You have hitched your wagon to the devil. Enjoy your last few years of "service". You suck!
I trust you with nothing after today. Disgrace.
