"well-qualified"? What universe do you live in?? #draintheswamp???
Republicans put party before country and encourage treason plus poor morals and no character.
Yours is the party of obstruction.  Mitch McConnell said it at the beginning of 44s terms.  Please stop whining.
let's show blunt that our vote can't be bought and vote him out of office.
How long did it take to vote on Obama's supreme court nomination? Oh, you never did? The way you treat others comes back to you.
Qualified? You can't be serious, can you? Explain each one of them for me because none of them explained why they were.
Not true Roy. YOU and the rest of the Republicans slowed Obamas picks to a crawl
My God man....I thought you were from Missouri where good men and women speak plainly and Honestly.  No more hyperpartisanship.
Have you forgotten about #MerrickGarland ? #DoYourJob
you are a liar. Obama April 2009. Bush 41 March 1989. Clinton March 1993. Only Bush 43 faster. Fake News and narrative by GOP.
What a bunch of shit!  DeVos?  SEssions? Remember Steve milller was his aid first Pruitt - Goldman Sach tie to Russia
So you support all those billionaire?  Not surprising!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Work with Dems to investigate Russia and Trump WH and we'll work with you to get government working again.
stop
We do not condone the #Trumprussia #russiagate pics of #SoCalledPOTUS 
Do your job! PROTECT Missourians from foreign influence.
is that what you call Betsy DeVos and her 33k to your campaign fund?
all of this is false.
if dt selects people w/o Goldman-Sachs ties who have actually demonstrated proficiency in the field of nomination...no problem
Reason it's taking so long is that Donald Trump's cabinet selections are mostly second rate. Shame!
Would that be anything like an 18-month block of an Obama candidate? Your hypocrisy and ignorance knows no limits!
the pot calling the kettle black .. unbelievable
.@RoyBlunt They haven't even come close to your SCOTUS delay. This is what "advice and consent" looks like

Can I suggest finding someone super awesome to run against him? You have 5 years and it will be more productive
why do you not care for
@JasonKander?  Have you seen him or heard him speak?? Start here.  https://www.jasonkander.com/meet-jason/ 
#Retireroy
I voted for him. He lost! 
well don't give up.  Let's fight for him
you kidding me? Bannon said the point is deconstruction, using unqualified cabinet nominees. YOU should be against all of them!
no slower than Obama's SCOTUS nominee. you wouldn't even give him a hearing
You are fast tracking yourself out of office. Wake up. #TheResistance #resist #investigatetrump #Trumprussia
LOL. Says the party that opted to wait 10 mos until POTUS Obama's term was out rather than move on SCOTUS nominee. Hypocrite.
@SenateRPC Americans, the majority see crooks and one unsure of herself grizzly fighter. Pick someone qualified, problem solved.
So far, Senator, I have not seen a well-qualified person nominated to the president's cabinet.
he haven't had any yet
if they are that qualified, it would be a no brainier. Unfortunate, they are not (DeVos) & many have conflicts of interest.
demand Trumps tax Returns
As Dems should. Next time, candidates need to be vetted by GOP properly and BEFORE hearings.
@SenateRPC Well-qualified?
yeah... that last labor nominee was a real winner.
- there's no need for this partisan talk - we've been without a full court for over a year b/c of the GOP #GOPblameshifters
are you coming home for District Days next week? We would LOVE to see you... in a town hall. Be brave. Show up. #RecallBlunt
You sound like a school kid in a playground fight. Grow up, man up, do your job. (Representing the people, remember?) #gutlessRep
yes and we will continue to push our senators to make the right decisions not just vote the party. Something you should think abou
Do you remember that time when GOP senators helped to confirm Merrick Garland in record time?   Me either...
Well qualified candidates? #BetsyDeVos #ScottPruitt well qualified? UR off UR rocker.  Please sign and RT
- ZZZzzzzZZZzz.... I'm sorry roy, we're you saying something?
your party did nothing but obstruct. You know it I know it. Stop saying $hit like this makes you look like a chump.
your alternate facts are making you sound as delusional as Trump
Republican's scorched earth toward the other HALF of the country (sane majority) will not be tolerated. Bravo @SenateDems
LMAO get out of here with your bullshit.
or GOP Reactionaries support Neanderthal nominees.  I forget which one is true
maybe it's because they are mostly overwhelmingly unqualified.
Maybe if there WERE any well qualified nominees, things would move faster. Or they could be as fast as for Obama's Supreme Court?
- and you wonder why?  Hmm... Flynn, Puzder, next?  Raise the bar, Roy, raise the bar.
Of course the @GOP has selective memory of the last 8 years, you guys are so corrupt it's sickening!
and you continue to ignore your constituents. The chickens will come home to roost Roy, well, unless they are killed by pollution
Scalia died Feb 13, 2016.  Almost a full year you blocked the SCOTUS nom.  And DeVos was not well-qualified.
you are absolutely just like the man u endorsed trump.   a hypocrite and a liar.  #notfakenews
you mean the same way you did it for 8 years with a real president @Obama_Tweets
You say "well qualified", I say,  #on2you Coming for your job little man! #lastterm
Wrong
missourian here.....seems like trump has set some records of his own on the ridiculousness of his nominees.
Which cabinet nominee would that be. I have yet to see a qualified one. They are all freaking nut jobs.
Some aren't so qualified. If you hadn't sold your vote to @BetsyDeVos perhaps they would scrutinize other picks less passionately.
weird how you keep blaming Dems when Reps have had majorities in Congress for years now. Like y'all don't know how it works
No, sir. Trump didn't announce mominees until mid-late December. Very late compared to prev presidents. Also, these nominees stink
yeah, like DeVos. Sooooo qualified. You're a joke.
This is a complete lie! You're making a fool out of yourself and the State of Missouri.
This cabinet continues to set new records. Sorry you can't destroy the world faster. Town Hall Mtg!
*qualified is laughable.  You are destroying this country for $$$ and we see it.
when are you coming home for a town hall?
And what about the 650+ appointees that have not been named. Gonna blame that on the Dems too.
"well-qualified"? Yeah right.
you are joking right? Well qualified to run a Klan meeting. Not our country. Go away you make Mo look bad
absolutely insulting that u think MO's will swallow your lies. May work in your D.C.hometown, but not here. #mosen #impeachtrump
What about the majority unqualified ones?  #draintheswamp
You know there is nothing well qualified about these rich shills. Are you scared of Trump? Sure looks like it. Show some balls.
false. Get your facts straight before tweeting. Don't be like the moron we have shaming this country.
Merrick Garland
name one qualified nominee besides Mattis. This administration is insane.
give us a break! You must be reading that fake news your boyfriend complains about all the time. Perhaps your memory is giving out
Way to work that shallow Trump base.I'm way more worried about deranged president poised to lead most corrupt administration ever.
you remember you guys still haven't confirmed #Garland to SCOTUS yet, right? Don't expect a ton of sympathy from us.
Please, for the love of all that is holy, stop...just stop.
why do you think it's the Kay to brazenly lie to your constituents?
Well Qualified? Have you personally checked these nominees out? Hear that? It's us and our voices get louder, can you hear us yet?
#CongressDoYourJob #2018
gimme a break. Well-qualified? Look at previous 2 prez picks. Took much longer. When is your townhall?
citation please? #alternativefacts
I would take a long hard look at your support of Trump. I don't see him lasting too much longer in office. Show Me don't tell me.
Well qualified to undo what they are being asked to head. We know you take $ from them, buying your vote!SHAME on you!
Well qualified?  Take off those rose colored glasses.
Schedule your town hall in STL, I'd love to hear to defend the "well-qualified" cabinet nominees in person. #TownHall
They are not well qualified and which records?
Merrick Garland?
Again, and what about Pres. Obama's well-qualified Supreme Court nominee? Call me when the delays caused by Dems reach 293 days.
Rather like the amount of time it took for republiCANTS to a SCOTUS position?
how long has #MerrickGarland been waiting for a vote? We won't forget what a raging #hypocrite you are. #RecallBlunt
Merrick Garland?
dems are communist traitors
.@RoyBlunt Why does the republican administration continually lie?
Who ya kidding, Roy?  Not most of us.
This is blatantly untrue. We know how to read and we know how to research. We are not idiots, Senator.
The record being set is in the number of unqualified/unvetted candidates whom you confirm regardless of those facts.
They are qualified in their professions - many are not qualified for these roles. I appreciate their/your due diligence. KC, Mo
few have been well-qualified. And some who are not qualified at all have been confirmed. I'm guessing you aren't upset about those
This is a lie. Have you forgotten about scotus!
Simply voting along party lines is not what I expect from my senator. Trumps nominees are corrupt, unqualified or both. Shameful
keep your eye on the ball, man. How's the investigation on @POTUS & his ties to Russia going? Oh, & when's your town hall?
That isn't true.
if Lord Cheeto nominated qualified individuals there wouldn't be an issue. Hold a town hall meeting or 3
And by "well-qualified" I assume you mean terrible? Listen to the people overwhelmingly against many of these nomineees #wepersist
If you would acknowledge your constituents you would understand WHY WE ARE UPSET!!!
45's nominees are not qualified to lead, and your blind willingness to support them seems to indicate that you are not either.
Your offices received hundreds of calls asking for delay on Pruitt vote until emails analyzed, yet you say this on Senate floor?
Wrong. You're lying bigly. 45 should nominate qualified candidates and not make a mockery of our government.
Senate Republicans sat on the #SCOTUS nominee Garland for 309 days: 3/16/16 to 1/19/17. This is nothing.
You really think Rick Perry is qualified to run the DOE? The last 2 were a nuclear physicists & a Nobel Laureate.
And this is why @RoyBlunt needs to retire he has lost touch with reality.  Please sign and RT
Other nominees would be confirmed much quicker. They'd need to be qualified, however.
you left out that they are uniquely and historically unqualified candidates.
has lost his marbles and needs to retire.  He is outta touch with #Missourians.
unbelievable! For example Flynn?
"Well-qualified"? Your constituents are concerned for the future of this country.
Quit spreading this lie.
wake up! You'll lose your next election confirming Pruitt to the EPA. There will be no quarter after his emails come out.
Steven is right. Missourians will never forgive you for contaminated air and water. Tourism will be destroyed.
Roy needs to be reclaimed and booted out.  Retire-senator-roy-blunt
they are not well qualified to be in charge of a government entity!
BULLSHIT! bush didn't have cabinet together until mid March, Obama early April. Trumps alternative facts are rubbing off on u
How is this any different than the behavior exhibited by Republicans refusal to consider Garland, please tell me.
none of them are qualified. You are no longer valuable to MO.
so, voting for more Monsanto destruction to our environment?  They do pay you nicely
it undermines your credibility when you suggest nominees are well qualified.
He ain't qualified for EPA
how about your supreme court delay tactics Ol Roy? Seems like we've got a year to go.
They are well-qualified to destroy the area to which you have voted for them.  And what you stated is not true and you know it.
I hope when you go back home, that you are greeted with protests because of your terrible decisions.  Disgusting.
On this issue you are incorrect, do the homework and you'll see the confirmations are right on schedule. Truth will always win.
What's the rush Roy. They're just doing what we elected them to do.
'well-qualified' like merrick garland? to put it bluntly, what goes around comes around. see what i did there? 
#NoOnPruitt You should at least wait to see the e-mails. Remember during the election how important it was to see the emails. smh
Not sure which is funnier: the hypocrisy of crying about delays or the suggestion that all the nominees are well qualified.
YAY!! Go Dems!!
No, Senator, the few well-qualified choices had no problem. It's the UNqualified ones we don't want. Like Pruitt.  Pls vote NO.
@POTUS and his nominees continue to set records for evasion, obfuscation, and lack of fitness for office.
well qualified?  Are you listening to the confirmation hearings? These picks are bad for America
False. No records being set here.
Because they are not "well-qualified".
Please back POTUS ,And help him with the rogue CIA !
Well-qualified - hilarious. If you say it - doesn't make it so. We're not stupid. How about a town hall meeting in St. Louis?
See @RoyBlunt another #Missourians asking U to #DoYourJob... it's time you retire. Please sign RT
I think you and I have different definitions of "well-qualified."
You even broke a longer record regarding Garland. Those hearings never happened at all. Congratulations!
They're doing exactly what THEIR voters are asking them to do, in stark contrast to you.
#Indivisible
and we all know why it is taking this long..look at them! I applaud those with the courage to stand up to this.
#pollutingPruitt is not a good nominee.  Let's get that straight.
really? You mean like the SCOTUS delay from the previous administration?
do you even believe half the crap that comes out of your mouth? Let's see these emails.
WHY are we the little people out here suffering while CONGRESS ELITES FILL THEIR POCKETS? CMON we elected dems and repubs to WORK
Stop being a puppet and wait for the emails to be released!! Also when's the next Townhall??? #LastTermBlunt
False. Clinton cabinet finished 3/11, GHWB 3/17, Obama 4/28. Constituents notice when you don't tell truth
has lost his mind.  He needs to retire.
Perhaps because the nominees are so utterly unqualified
As directed by their constituents! Merrick Garland, your unhinged @POTUS, Russia. #DoYourJobRoy the #resistance is watching you.
Well qualified. Hahaha. Who knew Senators were so funny. Merrick Garland!
Also, thanks for confirming Bannon's position as co-President. 
um, the correct placement of the apostrophe is before the 's'. Like this: Cheeto Satan's....
.@RoyBlunt like @BetsyDeVos and @AndyPuzder? Even your fellow republicans can't support some of these picks.
Judge Garland ring any bells?  Last year?  Not too long ago.

#impeachTrumpnow
no vetting cooperation + public records of working against the very agencies they will lead=#RUkiddingme
And this is exactly why  @RoyBlunt needs to retire.  Please sign and RT
What record? One you made up?Obama's cabinet wasn't finalized until April & that's hardly unusual.
Also Judge Garland was more than qualified and he never even got a hearing so you have precisely NO room to talk.
what's the use, soon as you appt them they will have to resign/quit and you will just have to start all over
They are not well qualified.  They are some of the least qualified people to EVER been appointed.  Please DO NOT vote to confirm
To call the majority of these nominees qualified is laughable
That's because there've been few, if any, “well-qualified” nominees. You still have a chance to get on the right side of history. #resist
Kinda like the 6+ years you've taken to fix #Obamacare ??
maybe, in your idle time, you could respond to the letter I sent to you 3 weeks ago
I like you I think you've got a good heart for people, so I know you understand these picks aren't great. I want clean air/water!
YOU will own this destruction you are wreaking on our Earth. WE will hold YOU accountable!
If I had such crap to choose from I'd drag my tail too. Actually I credit them-nominees are horrendous! You should be ashamed
Obama's cabinet wasn't fully confirmed until April.  Please don't use #alternativefacts to play partisan politics!
And this is precisely why @RoyBlunt needs to retire. Please sign and RT
Most of the delay is due to problems with vetting documents. Not Dems' fault over 600 not yet nominated. You know that. #StopLying
I hope they don't approve any of them.
nope, still not new.
This was NOT a qualified nominee, we haven't forgotten Roy
knows she's qualified 'cause her $30k donation checks cleared the bank
well qualified or COMPRISED?  HOW DID THE GARLAND BLOCK TASTE?
I disagree with u. Most of cabinet nominees are Not qualified.  Please investigate Trump's ties to Russia.  America is watching
And this is why @RoyBlunt needs to retire.  Please sign and RT
, Nothing compared with the non- existent consideration of @BarackObama 's choice, Judge Garland.
we need all the time we can get without a head EPA like Pruitt
"Well-qualified"?? You cannot be serious. Wait for his emails. We deserve cabinet members who work for our best interest. You owe.
has lost his mind.  He needs to retire. http://petitions.moveon.org/sign/retire-senator-roy-blunt?source=c.tw&r_by=16765006 …
#BetsyDeVos #ScottPruitt #TrumpsArmy #dayoffacts
Well-qualified like DeVos? By whose standards?
