Your statement is misleading.  The proposed legislation does not preserve coverage for mental health or maternity care or prescriptions.
It is still available, but it is optional, not a mandated purchase at penalty of fines.
Insurance companies will certainly drop it if it is not mandated or charge an enormous premium for it.  That's the way the free market works
The GOP ran on the promise of full repeal. Keep your word or say bye in #2018 #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
#FullRepeal. Stop trying to stick socialism down our throats if you love America and the Constitution. But then....it appears you don't.
Want a good health care program? Make Congress have the same options, premiums, deductables and out of pocket as the rest of America!
As a Blunt donor, I am absolutely in favor of the Cruz Amendment on senate healthcare bill #RepealAndReplace
Take a look at my bill. Thanks to ACA I have coverage w no lifetime cap or penalties for preexist. condition. I wouldn't fare w/new plan
The epidemic of lying going on from the Republicans is sobering.
Senator RoyBlunt I am asking for support of the HealthCare Bill.
#FullRepeal! Say NO to Universal Healthcare! USA is too big for socialized medicine for all. Stand #UnitedForFreedom! #KeepThePromise!
#Fullrepeal nothing less !! No obama care no socialist trumpcare , You work for us " We The People " or have you forgotten that ?
so ur going on record claiming the #CBC is wrong claiming #Medicaid would lose 26% of its funding in 10 years and 35% in 20 years
Could you please explain how this strengthens Medicaid and also protects women's healthcare rights?!?!
Kim HealthCare isn't supposed to be a license for abortion it's usually for extending Life of patients. So maybe it's 99% complete.

#FullRepeal #unitedforfreedom 
How does removing an option increase options, how does defunding Medicaid make it stronger. Stop lying. #trumpcare #millionairecare
All proposed Senate healthcare bills will harm Missourians.  Don't vote for them.  We expect the better plan that Trump promised!

Cape G MO: 573-334-7044
Clayton, MO: 314-725-4484
Columbia, MO: 573-442-8151
KC, MO: 816-471-7141…
Senator did you even glance at this monstrous proposal for healthcare? How can you swear an oath to represent people and then strip away aid
You will be required to have the same healthcare as us, right? Would love to discuss this at a town hall meeting but you don't hold them.
Where was your statement and where were you for the last months so we could discuss this with you?
As a nurse and a patient, I believe the bill will be harmful. Respectfully, an American citizen
Please read why the #SenateHealthCareBill should not be passed. #choosewisely #choosecompassion https://twitter.com/paix_rose/status/881320127379189760 …
Who in the hell actually voted for Roy Blunt in this state?
Old conservatives and rural voters who will be hurt heavily by legislation like this.
You haven't REALLY read it, have you?
He read, or at least was told it was a Republican bill. That's all he need
I talked to a staffer a few days ago and they said that you think that lifetime caps are wrong. Does this bill preserve that protection?
Get the government out of our healthcare. Repeal Obamacare and  forget the replacement crap. Free markets are the key. Keep your promise.
Ppl have become smarter and can see thru the govt bs. This is not repeal. Subsidies are just a form of wealth redistrib. Vote No!
Bullshit, Roy. Taking healthcare from the needy is SHAMEFUL.
Please re-read and reconsider
We pay for your healthcare; you take away everyone else's
Can you give us a real answer as to how this will  help the majority of Missouri resident? Do you care? Just know we are paying attention!
I really wish you would LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS. #byeRoy #2018cantcomesoonenough
Missouri didn't expand Medicaid when we could. Quit lying about the ACA being bad. Talk to those who'd be dead without it. #GOPDeathPanel
@clairecmc @AARPMissouri Do the vulnerable matter any longer?
This bill is unethical and un-Christian. And it's more than just your liberal constituents who oppose it. Do the right thing.
Do the RIGHT thing, Senator, and withdraw your support of this horrific piece of legislation that hurts your most vulnerable constituents.
So, it looks like nothing is going to get accomplished for healthcare, or any of @POTUS' agenda. Does this schedule still hold?
The problem is greedy health care pharmacist , insurance , doctors , equipment and accessorys ! May be time to regulate these greedy ones .
Sen Blunt, why do you want to take healthcare away from over 450,000 Missourians? Please vote no on the Senate healthcare bill & be a hero
You only represent the people who pay you, and your state doesn't want you.
Trust me when I say.... The words I want to say to you would be censored by all filters, so I'll say this. You disgust me.
12% of Americans approve of this. Vote for your people and not with your filthy bought-out wallet
Please listen to Rand Paul!  Repeal the employer mandate but keep the employer 1094/1095 reporting?Not allowing coverage across state lines?
Do you really expect us to believe you over the CBO? We aren't buying it.
The bill eventually eliminates Medicaid funding, harming disabled children.
At least a few GOP senators have a enough heart to stop the healthcare  im sad that you represent us and Missouri wasn't one of them
Healthcare for everyone should be the first thing our taxes go to so your ideas on healthcare are the farthest thing from Christian
The ACA is a better plan than what you all are coming up with. Either fix the ACA for the better or leave it alone!
Will you be using your recess to meet with constituents? I have questions, your staff has no answers. Do you?
Senator, you have to be kidding...you are leaving out the part about the tax cut for the wealthy, or, did it just slip your mind?  #sad
You have no conscience or grasp of life in the middle class if you support this bill.  Missouri needs to remember you in 2022!
We the people, your constituents, are begging for our lives. Please drop your support for this terrible bill
That second paragraph is as close to a lie as you can get. Review CBO or any medical organizations review of this plan & VOTE NO #AHCA
As you don't hold town halls, I called the local office to discuss the healthcare bill. Your staff continually cut me off before hanging up.
Is this how you treat your constituents? This bill will cause millions to lose their insurance, many from Medicaid. I urge you to vote no.
Maybe those sitting on their ass need to get a job instead of expecting the rest of us to support them. Personally I hope he votes YES
I urge you to not take from the poor and give to the rich instead more to all like dental/vision insurance/affordable prescriptions
MO refuses to accept fed Medicaid expansion.  THAT'S why rural hospitals and private policy holders have problems.
"...a more reliable and affordable healthcare system"  This is not it!  It will leave hundreds of thousands of your Missourians with no care
If you let some states get priority on AHCA & get nothing 4 MO, UR failing at the job you were elected to do. Represent MO! Not Billionaires
It does NOT preserve access: states can & will grant waivers, and can & will refuse to tax as necessary -- see MO's refusal of Med funds.
This bill is literally evil. And you're lying. The ONLY function of this bill is to take money out of healthcare and give it to the rich.
Your STL office hung up on me when I tried to explain this bill could affect my Dad's Medicaid coverage & ability to be in nursing a home
His meds alone are over $1,000 a month. You don't care that this could literally kill him
This is absolutely not true. The bill decreases benefits and coverage and increases costs to working families. I am a MO voter. I vote no.
Shame on you @RoyBlunt putting your party before your constituents. When will you stand up for Missouri?
Let's talk about those tax cuts!  Next time actually read the bill before you cash the checks from lobbyists!
You are not representing the citizens of Mo, or the USA, with this draconian bill, it is a tax cut for the wealthy and deadly to the rest
22 million Americans will  be without health care if your bill passes. Why?
This is a terrible deal for Missourians and Americans and you should know that.  The CBO confirms that.
You're lying.  You should be working with democrats to FIX the exisiting plan. That's what Americans want.  #CountryOverParty
Then why not wait until the CBO if you're interested in making an informed decision. Your partisanship knows no bounds.
Fix the ACA and strengthen Medicare, Senator Blunt. The CBO has confirmed that Trumpcare does no such thing. Be an honest man and vote no.
A bill that kicks 22 million people off insurance to deliver $569 billion in tax giveaways to rich people is not a "health care" bill.
if MO has 25 counties w/no companies willing to offer heath coverage then why did MO refuse Medicaid expansion?
Please vote no on this bill.
PPL in this year are having doctors taking off their list of who to go to because of this bill in MO do tell ball face lies will not fix
Do not support this bill single payer get the insurance and drug lobby out of DC stop lining your pockets. Single Payer should have been
My God, you are a liar. 
I'm sure Rex Sinquefeld supports it, and you'll gladly take him over the rest of Missouri. I hope I live long enough to piss on your grave.
@RoyBlunt a "yes" vote on the BHCA will make you murderer! You will be accountable. It will kill rural, elderly & sick missourians! #RESIST
@RoyBlunt vote no on the BCHA! It will absolutely kill Missourians! Especially rural, elderly & those who are sick! A "yes" vote is murder!
Yes, Roy! #showyourcourage #votenotrumpcare Stand up & fight for your constituents! trumpcare=deathNo tax cuts for rich
#YouHaveThePowerToSaveUs #VoteNoAHCA #TaxCutNotHealthCare #peoplewillDie  #help #findFundsNegotiateDrugPrices #RegulatePharma
Lifetime caps and waivers negate any protections for pre-existing conditions for both those covered by the AHCA & employer plans.
I called your STL office 2 ask if u were offering any amendments this week. They really need some PR training. Treating callers like crap.
1000 points from Slytherin
I haven't been able to get a hold of a real person when calling @RoyBlunt.   I was curious to hear from anyone that has @make5calls
When is your next town hall where you can take real questions about this bill? I don't recall any being scheduled. Please reply...
I haven't been able to talk to a real person when I call @RoyBlunt office.    Curious if others have @make5calls ?
As a rural Missourian and retired teacher, I beg you not to support this bill in its present state!  Work together on this to get it right!
Your net worth is $4.64 million.  Of course you want tax cut called healthcare .  VOTE NO for Americans!!!!
I was promised #RepealAndReplace .  Feel Republican will cave to whatever the Dems want.  At that point, I will stop voting Republican.
Of the 35 democracies in OECD the US ranks 5th worst in infant mortality, slightly better than Slovakia.  Pro-life? Apparently not pro-kids!
I have pre existing conditions, where can I send you the bills that my Obamacare is paying now???
Please do not vote for this travesty. Rural Missouri depends on you. Wealthy taxpayers do not.
These statements are false, senator. And I'm pretty sure you know that. This bill is one of the most unpopular in history. #NoAHCA
I am concerned about how Medicaid cuts will directly impact your constituents. People that see a "low income" doctor would even be affected.
You lie.
Hold a town hall. Give me an opportunity to speak to the senator representing me. This bill is HORRIBLE.  63385
Listen to me. I am your constituent-63385. Vote no on this horrible bill. You work for us not big$. Begging u to listen!
You need to vote no on this. It is NOT healthcare it is a tax cut for the wealthy. You owe it to everyone who voted for you.
Sure. That's why the caps on medical expenses will force seniors to sell their homes and be denied residence in nursing homes.
This statement is full of lies.  Stop carrying water for the people that line your pockets and actually pay attention to your constituents.
Put simply: sick Missourians are less productive and dead Missourians don't pay taxes. Single payer keeps more Missourians working
This bill is bad for Missouri. Lifetime caps and less coverage to offer a tax break to the rich is wrong. Stealing from the middle class
Can you PROMISE that MO won't allow insurers to set life time caps/price them out of insurance?
Please show any portion of the bill that does ANY of this. Support your statement with facts. You can't do it. You are a liar plain & simple
Why do you  support a bill that was put together under secrecy? You have been voted against anything ur constituents needed. Trust you? Not
There will not b adequate time 2 debate & u know that. I watched as U stood behind Sen. McConnell smiling as he unveiled his new policy.
If you support this bill I will do everything I can as a voter to make sure you lose your job. Grassroots is a powerful tool.
I can't wait to donate to anyone who runs against you.
Big tobacco has him in its pocket!
You LIE
ObamaCare failed because it was passed in a broken state by a Dem majority. Don't let TrumpCare make the same mistake.
This constituent wants the ACA to stay! Repair, not replace.
How much are you selling our lives for??? A million $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
'Strengthens medicaid' ..... Liar!!!  Shame on you ...... I pray for you..... Especially when you stand before God or your higher power
Trump ran campaign of lies-said he would replace ACA with something better for everyone & he would not cut Medicaid. He lied, you are lying!
Did you actually read the bill and look at how it will effect Missouri?  It appears you had your GOP rubber stamp ready!  #Trump #Blunt4Sale
I find a lot of mistruths in your statement!  Strengthens Medicaid how it makes huge cuts!  What about public hearings?  #LiesMatter
This is false on so many levels. Read the CBO report.
https://twitter.com/onebrncowco/status/878627733814857728 …

#VoteNoAHCA
What about the medication not being covered for pre-existing condition doesn't sound a very good plan.
Take care of the people you represent. Vote no on the current health bill.
Your health care will deprive millions of Americans of health care. It makes things worse not better, transferring. Money from poor to rich.
Roy: Did you even READ the bill? Your statement is deliberately misleading and you're lying to your own community. SHAME on YOU!
Medicare for all! President LIED about not cutting Medicaid! We're watching how YOU vote. Watch how WE vote when you are up for reelection!
He doesn't even have a person answering the phone in D.C.
Please vote no on this immoral greed-filled legislation. Thank you
You look like a pile of instant mashed potatoes wearing a party city wig
As I stated when I called your office is don't just follow the party line. We didn't elect Mitch McConnell in Missouri.
Insurance should be fixed from the top (fat cats) down. Not from the bottom up.
This is false! Loss of medicaid, less cov=lower prem until you add on all coverage being cut, then it's more!! #trumpcare Shame on you! #MO
Roy Blunt's got jokes. 
Except none of us are laughing.
Here's some simple people math: If you aren't fighting to give equal access to affordable care for all, you are working against it.
Please take the time to consider the magintude of harm this bill will do. People will die.
how does limiting the per person amount spent strengthen Medicaid? It doesn't!! This bill CUTS Medicaid funding
What alternate world are you living in?  This bill is cruel and mean spirited. Shame on you!
This is possibly the single most dishonest press release I have ever read outside of the trump administration
If any of this is even remotely accurate why are all the health professional  groups and other advocacy groups opposing it?
Dependents covered to age 26. Pre-existing condition clauses gone. Thank you DEMOCRATS for both of those ideas.  GOP plans helped companies
shift more costs to employees. Dem plans helped the people. Took Dem House, Senate, and Pres to get healthcare done for people;
Back in the days of lifetime caps, preexisting condition exclusions, plans that offer no coverage, and still no actual competition?
Lies and bullshit
This is a work of delusional fiction. This bill tears Medicaid apart and ends coverage for pre-existing conditions
Please senator Save Medicaid do the honorable thing that we are asking for stand up to Mitch!

Liar
So much for "give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free" this bill says F-U poor people #healthcareforall
THIS STATEMENT ABOUT MEDICAID IS THE BIGGEST LIE I'VE EVER HEARD. PRE-EXISTING IS NOT COVERED. YOU KNOW INSUR. WILL PULL OUT OF IT.
AND SEE HOW MANY MISSOURIANS THAT HAS BEEN WANTING TOWN HALL MEETINGS WITH YOU. HOW COULD YOU WHEN YOU LIVE IN WA WE HERE NEED TO COMPLAIN!!
