Those poor struggling straight white evangelicals....   God bless them they have so many obstacles...
Every time @GOP lies, an angel has an abortion.
Only recognizing Christian with a parting glance at Judaism and the demonization of Islam, is not my idea of religious liberty. #SaveACA
I'm an atheist, are you making sure to protect my liberty
Is this to fight the war on Christmas? Because damned if that artificial crisis isn't the most important thing plaguing us right now.
You do realize that #brownback is a failure as a governor. Reduced taxes for corps and wealthy deprive Americans. Very Christian.
I'm sure  Blunt's wife and kids were able to make some money of the appointment
Right-bet he can't even name two other religions other than Christianity-
Love it! Can I use it for my campaign in 2018? BLUNT FOR NEW JERSEY!
We know you support Christian's it's the rest of the country you don't support  Republicans con Christian's into screwing poor people
You're kidding right?  Destroyed Kansas and believes that any religion besides him own is anathema
All Praise Be to the MOOCH!!!
The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’
If Brownback does for the world what he's done "for" Kansas, religion is in a lot of trouble--unless you're RW "Christian."
All u republicans call urselfs Christians & at the same time vote to do things that harm & kill ppl your all hypocrites!!
Please change your Twitter image to BLUNT FOR TRUMP.  Your actions and your voting history are evidence you are NOT FOR MISSOURI.
There's nothing Christian about these charlatans and Pharisees.
Please do not abuse this to pass laws that are ultimately designed to discriminate those you disagree with.
I am struggling as an Episcopalian !   All these religions around me want to judge me and deny freedom that is against my religion !
Gross
Like Muslims or atheists in America?
you continue to praise a man who will go down in history as the most embarrassing, demonical prez in history.
You are major 2 faced which face do you have on today Roy
This office will take away religious rights of those who are pro-choice and LGBT people - because GOP is hateful and addicted to Koch.
Don't piss in my ear and tell me it's raining, Roy. #Brownback is an agent of Christianist #theocracy, NOT #religiousfreedom.
Please define religious liberty. Liberty for all religions or just your??
As Missouri son Mark Twain delineated, you aren't a Professing Christian. You're a Professional Christian. Get it?
Oh horse crap Roy. This administration has shown quite a bit of intolerance. It started during the campaign for the presidency & you know it
Sen. Roy Blunt asked whether 'skinny repeal' could become law, says he hasn't 'thought it through'
Only thing Roy thinks about are the bribes lobbyists pay him. #sad
That's not true. He cares about how much his lobbyists wife and kids are making off the deal
Not the place of US gov to worry about religious lib. for others.
It IS the job of our gov to worry about the health & well-being of http://Americans.Vote  NO
how could u vote for the trrrible health bill.  what about your coal and steel workers? people on medicare?  medicaid? old people
I know people Medicaid that take big expensive  vacations while I work and pay their medicaid
i bet they arent in nursing homes.  get rid of loafers but we cant cut the old and sick.they barely get decent (andsome no decent) food now
I agree
And what about those that there are NOT superstitious? What are you doing to protect atheists or agnostics from persecution by religion?
What exactly do u need protection from
From laws & policies based on your limited worldview. Christians hold power in this country so I don't know y u think u r being persecuted.
Don't Christians have rights just like you do
unless, of course, they're atheists or gay or Muslim or Hindu or Jewish or anything other than white, Evangelical Christians
and by freedom you mean far right christian agenda. also, your healthcare votes? not so christianly.
Nobody likes you.
How totally unAmerican.  Look at the darn constitution and the Declaration of Independence.  You have NO right to tell us who to believe in.
Will this apply to all religions or just the religions this administration approves of?
Is this Christian freedom or religious freedom we're talking about. I assume its Christian freedom to persecute, right?
as any Missourian, but not even they deserved the screwing this guy gave them. And you comment on this and say nothing about the military
Do you mean all religious liberty? As a Christian I ack needs of other faiths. Twisting this to make Christians victims is not sincere.
The attack on religious liberty is like the war on Christmas. It's a farce, living only in the imagination of delusional people.
this is his reward for destroying the economy of Kansas with the same tax cuts you want to take nationwide.  I mean, I hate Kansas as much
Brownback. Really? He's even more clueless and out of touch than you.
Do everyone in MO a favor and take a gig with 45.
How about America stands with people who need access to healthcare or the LGBTQ community
He isn't Christian - Nor is 45
So great. The Uyghurs could really use his help in China. And Brownback has been SO stinkin' useful around HERE--I bet he'll bring them joy!
I am not christian. It is very difficult for those Americans who are not christian. We are subject to harassment. #sad
Who is struggling to secure religious liberty? I mean, I know you are just saying some BS to dupe constituents, but figured I'd play along.
Bad idea.  Our founding Fathers intent was to keep church and state separate!
Does that include Muslims.  Hindi or Ancestoral?  Or is it just acceptable Christians?
Religious liberty for me includes health insurance
Nah, if shows that Brownback needed a job. Heat got a little high in Kansas since he failed so badly.
Senator Blunt do u stand w/ Missourians trying 2 secure HC? Or 4 those struggling w/ HC needs not being met? What r ur amendments 4 HC bill?
I'm a Christian. As I recall, Jesus stood for the poor and sick. Which you do not.
Who is struggling. It's a country of religious freedom?
All religions?
Roy your actions and lack of action shows you have no religious values.   You worship the almighty  $$$$.
Senator how does that go along with Trump's Muslim ban? And the fact that Brownback as KS guv was incompetent, just ask any sane Kansan
Muslims that are not is citizens don't have constitutional rights in us
How about the ones that are?
Here's Roy

https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/7/27/1684577/-Sen-Roy-Blunt-asked-whether-Skinny-repeal-could-become-law-says-he-hasn-t-thought-it-through?detail=facebook …
Now if only we could get it in the US, to stop those who are trying to impose Sharia-type law to prohibit abortion.
#TelltheTruth

This is the GOP pushing the Christian agenda & attempting to stomp out any opposition. 

#SeparationOfChurchAndState
who's struggling to secure their religious freedom; these religious folks who are struggling, I don't want their beliefs forced upon me!
MAGA
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.
This is NOT a Christian nation!  #ChristoFascism
keeping Kansas finances in mind, doubtful anyone will even notice when Brownback wrecks a "title only " position.
Good riddance.  How soon can Kansas get a new person to straighten out the mess? & #Kansas, don't shoot yourself in the foot like last time.
There will not be a special election. The Lieutenant Governor will fill the space until 2018 elections.
So it won't get any better then? :-/
This is a made up thing. Doesn't even make sense. You guys waste a lot of time congratulating each other on just finding your way home imho
Do you think this will distract us from you trying to kill us all with a bill you haven't even fucking read?
He's destroying his own government, Roy. Usually you don't get promotions for that.
Using his Kansas MO, Brownback will take it away from almost everyone, give it to a select few, and watch everything go into the toilet
Wonder why you didn't mention the appointments name #brownbackbankruptkansas
A Christian does not lie cheat and steal healthcare from the poor
Senator you're such a traitor to people of MO for enabling Trump & voting for healthcare bill that will hurt rural Missouri! Shame on you!
Only when the people "struggling" are conservative Christians who want to impose their preferences on others. Stop with the doublespeak!
religious freedom includes freedom *from* religion. 7 states it is illegal to hold office for atheists. let's clean our own house first.
I did not know that! Sounds unconstitutional as hell!!! #sad

You want Trump's Russian connections or not!?
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/838833539634380800 …
It's all there, right freakin here.
3:
Trump's new Commerce Secretary is my pick for the Russian operative that soured Donald Trump on the U.S. Intelligence community. 
Appointment of Brownback shows that America really doesn’t give a shit if the job is done well.
It would be great for Americans to have healthcare too.
@RoyBlunt has been involved for years on religious freedom abroad issues
