OC is not the cause of rising costs, which are rising WW at the same rate People are living longer and more treatments are available.
We have the most expensive system in the world - our system is nowhere near the best - based on measurable outcomes we rank near the bottom
Republican's are killing it, and you're part of that. Despicable.
Alternative Fact
Senator Blunt DO NOT vote for the republican bill
it is imploding due to you and the other fools in your party.
Obamacare is ^being murdered by Republicans and health insurance lobbyists. There. #fixeditforya
Your lying to your constituents! Wake up #missouri You'll regret it if you don't. Time for Blunt to #resign #trumplies promises broken
You LIE! You are a scourge on Missouri, the country, veterans, women, children, the disabled. Sign up for ACHA yourself if it's so great.
It's as though you and the rest of the GOP have set a homeless shelter on fire. "See we told you it was a tinderbox!"
Firefighters by day, arsonists by night. That's our GOP!
Way to push the party line Roy.  Party over people. Disgraceful.
Because the current administration is sabotaging it.
Are you ever going to publish your price list so your constituents can get some representation too?
PLEASE we need to see REAl numbers

Allergies, seriously @RoyBlunt , your bill deliberately targets ppl with seasonal allergies??? Oh for fuck sake...#MO4 @funder https://twitter.com/MoveOn/status/878335106477424640 …
https://twitter.com/onebrncowco/status/878003176275931136 …
@GOP and @Potus killing ACA intentionally.

So fix it by giving huge tax breaks to the rich, taking away Medicaid from the poor and making the middle class pay more for less!
So fix it.  Because in the states it was implemented it worked very well.  It did not work well in the RED states that did not opt in.
you have no concerns on the new health bill?   you have  alot constituents that have little money what is going to happen to them?
Fix it, don't repeal it. Stop lying we aren't stupid. #trumpcare #millionairecare
Because Marco Rubio (R) eliminated $1 billion 4 the risk pools that Obama knew would be needed to manage the initial uncertainty.
Families rely on ACA and you've taken away care that people need. Illness and deaths will be in your head, senator. No repeal. No Trumpcare.
So you think hiding behind closed doors, and not openly working on applicable solutions with @SenateMajLdr IS the right answer???

WRONG!!!!
ACA provided healthcare to millions af additional Americans if states would participate in the Medicaid buy-in it would be fine.
So is the Republican party.
Give us the same insurance you are enjoying if you care so much.
GOP sabotage of 98% of Americans! You've helped destroy ACA like it was a cancer because of pathetic partisan games & cronyism #ShameOnBlunt
if ibread itvright companies will not have to provide insurance?
does this not concern u?  what about medicare?
Yeah, thanks to you guys. You do not need to serve another term in the Senate.
Everyone knows Obamacare needs work but it's better than what you're getting ready to pass. Try putting others first for a change.
Why do you hate having a healthy population so much?
Liar!!!
As a constituent, I urge you to stop preparing this bill in this manner. Women make up 51% of US. Represented by ZERO% of your secret group.
Are you trying to convince yourself Roy?  Instead of wrecking it and setting is back all of you come together and improve it.
So instead of helping more people have access to ins, or helping the poor/disabled get help they need to live you tell us to go f ourselves?
So your solution is to phase out Medicaid from the neediest in Missouri? Really? Then have the guts to tell them this!!!
Who r u trying 2 convince @RoyBlunt. When u sabotage ACA u hurt constituents. And then u play games hiding AHCA. People's lives owner party.
And you not fixing it helped get rid of high paying American jobs to China.
Yes your right, thanks be to what ever you are a servant too, setting policies that create business uncertainty.  What a way to govern!
Only because you and your cronies lit the match. All because a black man got it done before you could, no other reason.
Due to shortsighted MO refusal to expand MCaid & uncertainty over subsidies. Stop whining about ACA & #ShowUsTheBill you say will be better!
Because of you. Be a man. Represent Missouri residents not big money

rebulicans have been sabotaging it. get better plan. NO INCREASE for prexisting conditions or age. no bonus for ceos. congress not exempt
Same old partisan politics @RoyBlunt How long before you break from the herd & represent your constituents! #yourepresentMO #actlikeit

Way to make politics out of our livelihoods you a** hat
So we replace it with something doomed from the start? Or something we've never seen?
The ship has a leak. Instead of fixing it, let's throw a bunch of passengers overboard. They can drown instead of getting wet.
You lie just like the rest of the republitards.
how little you think your constituents. Offer something better or stand aside so an honorable conservative can represent MO in Senate
Yes Roy keep on with your weak sauce. Your bullshit is motivating the resistance.
You want all of Obamacare policies, but not the name. #ShowMeTheBill
Self fulfilling prophecy. The @GOP is working to break it. #ProtectOurCare
You and the GOP are and have been the cause of the ACA problems. Stop with the lies!
And you helped fund it! #RINO
Your hypocrisy is staggering, Mr. Blunt.

As was said multiple times... Ocare has problems because R's and Trump are shaky on support, scaring off insurers. Your fault.
No. No it isn't. We want universal healthcare Ol Roy.
@RoyBlunt. Put your money where your mouth is. You're cherry picking again. Repubs have stymied ACA all along.
REPEAL, don't raise taxes..let states C what they need 2 help families and indigently sick..get out of health insurance business, please.
Show us the bill!   What is Mitch hiding? Who paid for your vote this time?  Suspense is killing me!   #Blunt4Sale
No, it's being blown up by @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP so they can claim that it's broken. Will you support saboteurs, or Missourians?
if by implode, you mean 'set up to fail by gutless profiteers who want to maximize their return on human suffering,' yeah, I guess
Whats in the new healthcare bill?
Lets discuss at a town hall meeting in STL #Resist
@sarahkendzior these constituent's lives have been saved by the ACA. Fix what needs fixing, don't take away what works!  Have open debate!
@jenesq2
Centene just announced they will expand marketplace coverage in MO, only thing putting that at risk are #Trumpcare, @SenateMajLdr and GOP
Are you finally going to hold a town hall with your constituents during the recess? Maybe you can do it in person instead of phoning it in.
If you're so sure the GOP has a better plan, let's see and discuss it. Bring that child-killing trash into the light and try to defend it.
It will be so helpful if you could kick millions of people off Medicaid.  That would be the compassionate thing to do.
#ShowUsTheBill
Thanks to the Republicans. Now how about you do the honorable thing and show the American public the bill that has been crafted in secret.
Fix it, don't gut it in secrecy. Put your constituents' health first. We won't forget. #CountryOverParty
Bullshit! Bring that stellar bill of yours out of the dark and give us a look if it's so great
Sabotaged by Trump, Price and the gang, and by R's unwillingness to fix problems. So cynical.
Or 13 men creating a bill in secret with plans to ramrod it through without debate. Repubs had time to review and amend ACA, Dems won't
Just what is the problem w healthcare for all? oh yea... the ins companies don't make all  the $$$$. got it
You're lying. The GOP sabotaged it and now pretends it's failing. Undercut by conscienceless trolls who'd rather see rich get richer.
For example, threatening to withhold subsidy to force Dems to heel.
Insurers have already admitted it is due to the current instability in DC.
Wake up people in your 60's & 50's!! 1st it's Trumpcare, next it's going to be Medicare. Just watch! GOP over country 
Dear snowflakes where were you when Obamacare was rammed through by Pelosi and Reid?  Ohh yeah you saw "low cost & no premium" & bought it!
Please please please stop with all the secrets and lying!! I can't believe how u can stand there and lie like this
If 'implosion' is imminent & old news why weren't you ready with a better plan? You've pretended to work on this for years, you have zilch.
You don't work for your constituents. You only work with the good ole boys
How does your bill solve these "problems" (some of them are real and some you make up)?
because of uncertainty and because you won't act to bolster it.  As a Christian, your pious rhetoric disgusts me.
Your actions speak VOLUMES about your true beliefs. Heal the sick. Care for the poor. Help the weak.  Or put party first and screw everyone.
Do your solution is to kick people off insurance and make it unaffordable for those with preexisting conditions??  Terrible leadership!
The only thing imploding is the political career of any GOP senator who tries to rush through a vote on the TrumpCare disaster.
#GOP has been voting to repeal #Obamacare for years. Why didn't u have bill ready to go @ beginning of @realDonaldTrump term #ShowUsTheBill
you and the GOP are a large reason the markets have destabilized. Please stop misleading people and hurting the vulnerable.
Bullshit Roy. Stop spewing the company line
You can name it, & you can read it. It exists. It's not a vague idea, built solely on partisan thinking. Your party can't compete with that.
Obamacare is more popular than the #AHCA, but that hasn't stopped Republicans from trying to sabotage it.
#ShowUsTheBill
so, is that #GOP excuse for not holding any hearings on #TrumpCare? #ShowUsTheBill Why didn't you have replacement bill ready?
They're citing your party's actions as the cause. Blackmailing insurance companies, instability of health care future, refusal to cover EHBs
That's because you refuse to support it. Instead you are purposefully sabotaging it and then claim it is "imploding." Shameful.
You and the GOP sabotaged Obamacare, so stop lecturing us.
#ShowUsTheBill So nice to see so many Missourians from the West Side speaking up!
Prior 2 ACA, news was filled w/families going bankrupt if diagnosed w/ catastrophic illness due to lifetime caps &/or pre-existing condition
This is true. Insurance companies were in it 4 profit ONLY. But what can we do to avoid a socialist program that they have still corrupted?
All I'm hearing is, health insurance companies suck, NOT the #ACA. Want to solve access/cost/drug prices? #MedicareForAll 
#CapitalismKills
Of course it is. How is it supposed to survive when you and your cronies have cut all funding. Enjoy your last term in office, Mr. Senator.
"Thanks to my irresponsible actions, Americans are losing healthcare. I'll try not to look too gleeful when exploiting the damage I caused."
#ShowUsTheBill
Cuts to Medicaid could impact schools ability to provide services to students with special needs.
Please check out the CBO report for Obamas plan and compare that to what really happened
It's imploding by design - the current administration isn't supporting it so they can justify a bill that's about tax cuts for the rich.
How will you improve and protect healthcare? If other countries have managed universal health care, surely the U.S. can.
Check out the income tax rates for England and Denmark.
#ShowUsTheBill
#ShowUsTheBill why are you hiding this bill from the American people @RoyBlunt ? And why is @SenateMajLdr ramming it through the Senate?
They have to pass it to see what's in it! #Pelosi #LiberalLogic
So give us access to the GOP bill so we can ask about it.  Seems logical.
Please help. No one has seen Bill and we're worried there's something horribly wrong with him!
Imploding because Trump is scaring the ins companies.
Maybe true but I can't wait for the mystical hidden hand of the market taking care of a sickly old Roy Blunt. It will be fun to watch.
Great, so what's your plan to fix it? What's in your bill to fix it?

Fix Obama care don't gut it
Thanks to your sabotage it is/was weakened.  Still better than eight years of GOP nothing.
You are a sad, sad man who really doesn't understand the first thing about healthcare and insurance or the needs of your constituents.
In every red State.
#ShowUsTheBill

