Get bent.
Remember both clauses.
No he didn't.  Church & Politics need to be separate.  See Constitution.  You've probably read it but not Trump.
@RoyBlunt supported the abomination of #AHCA and he's going to work to strip health care from thousands of Missourians. #VoteNoAHCA
Meaningless photo op.  And you feel for it.  Missouri has the dumbest representatives. When you they wake up?
You must love Shari'a law!
Yeah, cuz God knows that what we were lacking in this country was freedom to practice religion how you chose.
Depends on the religion. I doubt he's going to use this to defend the Muslim faith
#yourtimewillcome #VoteThemOut
Exactly what we need church and state under one umbrella
I can't disagree with you more.
Stop trying to distract from what's really happening in congress #VoteNoAHCA
Lemme do a die-in on your fucking front lawn..of your mansion.

You want the company I work for & future ones to be able to fire me based on my love of other women. SHAME.
You want the disabled individuals I work for to die.
GOLLY  I  CAN IMAGINE JUST HOW YOU APPRECIATE THE FREE BULLY PITS FROM THIS.
#thoughtsandprayers , now i'm going to take away your health care.

I am not glad. This is a move away from separation of church and state.
Why didn't you answer calls yesterday?? Where were you?? Voting to deny our righrs, our existence??
Remember the French Revolution? May be some history repeating here in America 
Thanks Roy for being so disingenuon with hard working VOTERS from Missouri. Your from D.C. Right roy
What u are praising is breakup of seperation of church and state u are rediculous and it is law your pres just tried to weaken it
So much for separation of church/ state Ur such an wonderful patriot and statesman you go straight for the destruction of the constitution
Government-sanctioned discrimination and hate is the way to go. #GOP is the party of so-called Christians who can't wait to cast 1st stone.
It basically did nothing, but whatever helps you sleep at night.
You have failed Missourians again. You @EricGreitens lead the road of Authoritarians. Where did you lose your morals?
GET OUT OF OFFICE & RESIGN. It will be less painful & embarrassing, trust me, my dude.
You do understand when you take everything from us, we'll have all the free time to take you down, right???!
YOU ARE TRYING TO RUIN MY LIFE.
U swore to uphold the constitution u need to be recalled u and long both
Really?  So you have no consideration for your women voters at all.  It was a sad day when Missouri elected you.  You don't know your people
You realize that's ALL religions right?
What about our freedom FROM religion? Uphold the constitution. Separation of church and state.
Bullshit Blunt! #MissouriDeservesBetter
All Hail Satan!
lol except the very people who wanted this have said it was botched.
@realDonaldTrump standing up for religion is such a joke. U r fooling only the gullible #Hypocricy #trumplies @GOP
Let's face it.  We're really just concerned with one religion's freedom aren't we?
This is the first step on our way to "The Handmaid's Tale"...
Just another photo op for a incompetent @POTUS, it does jack except show willingness to discriminate!
That is only a religious freedom you define. I feel so sorry for you.
Glad to see religious fanatics or American Isis is in control in America
This isn't freedom. Ita permission for discrimination and religious favoritism. I'm disgusted that you claim to "represent" me
Religion > civil rights is not religious rights. It's civil persecution.
You mean to blur the lines between separation of Church & State don't you?
Be a senator or a preacher you cannot be both. Keep religion separate from state. OR TAX RELIGION.
Roy,  ancestors came to escape religion.Religious freedom means freedom from religion in government   Laws disregarding a persons religion
Genuinely interested: do you feel like Christians are somehow persecuted or oppressed in this country? If so, in what way? #ReligiousLiberty
Is it time to tax churches now then?
Freedom of religion = making choices for YOURSELF based on your religion, NOT the right to make choices for others against their will!
Stay close to the constitution Roy. Church and state remember.
If you vote yea on AHCA Jesus will HATE you!
This is me giving you #TheMiddleFinger
According to the @ACLU this EO does NOTHING.  You're a jerk.
1) that's not what he did
2) you're a craven, paranoid lunatic

Signed, a Christian
He literally tried to ban an entire religion from entering the country.
Ha you are a fool! Empty writ for the paparazzi only!!!!
I thought we were suppose be free from religious persecution. Your brand of phony Christianity persecuted me
Take several seats.
So much talk of religious protections but no real examples of "Christianity " on display today. Taking away from those that need for 
The president did effectively nothing, and we already have religious freedom protection. It's called the First Amendment. Stop pandering.
Roy you're such a great example and I'm sure you liberties are infringed everyday because of your beliefs Oh wait, your only belief is money
And to increase the amount in dark money so that corrupt politicians like you can profit from them.
Looking for support of We the People on Trumpcare. No rubber stamp please. Pretty sure @clairecmc would be happy to bipartisan it with you.
Glad to see you still have no spine and just toe the party line like usual. Nothing the president did was about religious freedom.
The constitution is more important than your bible. You were elected to uphold only one of those.  Do your job.
Yeah, Roy, no worries about the flooding here. Just keep providing the idiot encouragement.
Wow; the man has called for a Muslim ban & you expect we the People to believe your statement. You & the @GOP support it to get $$$. #ACLU
Separation of church & state??!!
love the pic! Legalize it!!!!!
...he probably doesn't get it.
Keep your religion out of my politics. Please.
I think he said it's OK for Islamic madrassas to preach anti-American propaganda
Gross...
But you are imposing your religious beliefs on the rest of us. 

They should start paying taxes.
Fortunately he didn't do jack shit. It was all PR. He can't repeal the Johnson Act. That takes Congess.He's just jerking off conservatives.
Actually Lawyers say not much changed but ACLU already looking
. Your turn on the crappy AHCA bill. What about HIPPA and healthcare? Vile healthcare bill will put millions without insurance.
Except Muslims, right? #liars
You thief, tell everybody how your family lobbies, all you do is take cash in, where you on Transition Team, they taped the convention !
ACLU won't sue, says 'religious freedom' order was 'elaborate photo-op' 
It does so little even the ACLU isn't doing anything about it. It was just an empty photo op
Of course you are. Enjoy your seat while you have it. Cannot wait for the pleasure of voting you the hell out.
Just. No.
Constitution says separation of church and state this EO reverses that. Churches then start paying taxes. I want freedom from religion

