And you IGNORED your  CONSTITUENTS and voted for DeVos!! You are a BUM!!
Actually, he listened, and responded accordingly. He chose the direction of opportunity, not slavery. Good!
you mean he sold out.
No. I mean he chose to open up opportunities for schools & parents to provide better educations for the kids.
Wow, you have that "alternative fact" thing down nicely.  INVESTIGATE YOUR PRESIDENT!  TAXES & RUSSIA.
not true! Get your facts straight!
there’s never been such an unqualified group of nominees before.
.@RoyBlunt, probably because these are the least qualified, most corrupt, and most negatively viewed cabinet nominees in modern history.
factually inaccurate
You are a total hypocrite, The GOP had one goal per McConnel, to make sure Obama failed.  You blocked everything.  You poor babies
It probably would've gone faster if the nominees had been prompter with their ethics disclosures. Or were more qualified.
not properly vetted paperwork not complete and unqualified....yep the democrats are unreasonable
demoncrats are communists. Dont like uppity peons who demand freedom.
I'm not complaining: We should submit cabinet appointees to  comparable "extreme vetting" as @POTUS wants to do to refugees.
and when was the last time a Supreme Court nomination was treated the way the GOP treated Jdg Garland?
Cite your sources, you moldy pud.
This is not true. Refrain from using "alternative facts" please.
Could the reason be that many of the nominees had serious problems with ethics, experience, and disturbing views?
Growing weary of only seeing Twitter post or talk radio chat.  When will you be responding to constituent emails, calls? Thanks.
it is the worst array of candidates in modern history.
I'm just spitballing here, but it might be because no president has nominated such embarrasingly unqualified people.Just a thought
lying hypocritical purveyor of alternative facts
This is a lie.
"“Time is the most valuable coin in (our nation's) life. Be careful that you do not let other people spend it for you.” C Sandburg
Well, if he’d nominate qualified people and notify the ethics committee in the timely fashion...
that is not true.
why oh WHY are you still masquerading as a public servant? Just become a lobbyist already.
if 45 nominated good candidates u wouldnt have this problem. stop obstructing the vetting process. #flynngate
Roy and staff, u know there is a reply button on twitter. Read the posts and try engaging with ur constituents. I kno its scary 4u
There is a reason for that; these people are incompetent or unethical.
Perhaps, the other nominees were actually qualified for their positions.
maybe better nominees were needed to speed it up
that's because almost all the nominees are horrible choices.
They are also the least qualified, racist, most extreme cabinet picks in modern times. Maybe that's the reason it's taking so long
Once again, put up good nominees without ethical questions and you get quick confirmations. it's simple.
unbelievable. Stop backing people unqualified just because you owe them. You are a sell-out.
There is a reason for this Roy boy. This group of appointees by Trump...SUCK!!
.@RoyBlunt and these are the least qualified candidates in modern history.
They had probably had their paper work in on time, conflicts resolved. & They worked for a more honest administration
you have no room to complain the Republican party refused to vet the true supreme Court nominee. Are you the pot or kettle today?
they should not have been choices at all. Completely out of touch with the people you represent.
maybe if the president picked people worth putting in his cabinet things would go faster.
tired of Congress lining their fat greedy pockets...vote them out!!#
what does that tell you, bozo?
well if he would choose cabinet  members that were qualified , it may not have taken this long
Not correct! And incredibly hypocritical!

Hey @royblunt, how’s that confirmation of Merrick Garland coming along?
Since Eisenhower, nearly all Cabinet nominees were confirmed by this point, making this the slowest confirmation process in modern history. 
Mr. Partisan Politics, When you have questionable nominees, this is going to happen.
it's because these nominees are unqualified and bad for America.
#AltFact! Obama's cabinet confirmations went to April & we're all still waiting for Merrick Garlands confirmation
Slowest confirmation process in history because team Trump didn't vet their own nominees AND full disclosures weren't made by them
this is a bald-faced lie. Shame. Missouri is watching you.
Maybe instead of blaming the other party, you should be blaming the Cabinet choices.
since Eisenhower we haven't had such a group ill qualified people appointed.  Do your job and protect our constitution.
what about this I would call this obstruction no ? So start with facts
you are so good at humiliating Missouri. The best! Terrific! Tremendous lies, everyone agrees!
"alternative fact" there Roy. Wasn't  Pres. Obama's last one in APRIL?!
question your motive for voting for Devos. Had to have been the $$ she gave you, she's obviously unqualified.
It seems to me questioning a decision, requires questioning the motives behind that decision.
enjoy your last term in congress!
because they are a despicable pack of rich cronies, incompetents, bigots and ethically impaired partisans...?!
And how's that Merrick Garland confirmation going?
Might be faster if appointees were actually qualified for the positions they were nominated to.
This is false. Obama's cabinet wasn't in place until April 28th. You must be buying into those #AlternativeFacts #BluntLies
A. Herman 113 days.T. west 91 days. E. Monez 70 days.
Factually inaccurate.  Aty Gen L. Lynch not confirmed for 161 days from nomination.  J. Bryson, 126 days.  T. Perez 121 days.
"... part of that is due to the lateness of a few nominations and delays in submitting background-check paperwork." - @BBC
maybe if y'all weren't appointing absolute shitbags the process would go faster
are you comparing trump to Ike?
wrong
We have this process for a reason. It's your responsibility to put the best people in place, not just the people Trump picked!
Roy,  its cuz we've never seen such an array of grossly unsuitable nominees before. Mattis, Kelly, Choa OK, no others #stoptrump
When you nominate #SwampCabinet you should expect deliberate proceedings. No rubber stamps are warranted.
might be less stressful if you would listen to us.
That's because POTUS cabinet sucks. They all have major conflicts of interest or lack the right qualifications. Duh!
perhaps you would like to comment about why you refused to allow President Obama to name the appointee for the USSC.
that's another lie! Obamas wasn't completed until May 2009
stop putting sub-humans in the administration then.
Perhaps if potus were actually 'draining the swamp' & NOT restocking it, things would go quicker
maybe if more qualified candidates were offered it would move faster.
For good reason sir. I am 58 and mad! We the people! #ShePersisted #RESISTANCE #resist
the people know how unqualified the President's nominees have been, expect more pushback.
That's because there have never been so many unethical, incompetent nominees for these positions.
they'd b confirmed faster if they were qualified or didn't have history of actively wking against the agency they're tapped 2run?
never before have such egregiously bad picks been thrown in front of the Senate
no never before have adults thrown temper tantrums like the Dems have.
check your facts!   This is not the slowest. God forbid voters get involved more
Most were picked because they inherited billions and contributed to the GOP. Not because they are competent.
Many of POTUS picks have not been properly vetted. I am grateful to hear more before they are confirmed. Listen to MO constituents
Gosh, you'd think that night clue you all in to the fact that they are all terrible choices...
maybe if the candidates were qualified it would go smoother?
You can't say "nearly all" since Eisenhower, then say this has been slowest. Which is it? Do you know what you're talking about?
alternative facts
I was going to reply but then I read all the other replies & now I'm just smiling thinking of you losing in the next election
- except for that silly little "NEARLY" word. Try again, Roy
Since you refuse to hear MO & listening to DC cronies, let's see them get you back into office! #RecallBlunt #LastTermBlunt
Then have competent nominees. It's not really that hard. Oh...wait. Yep, it is with this version of the GOP. Party before people.
People could support qualified candidates. You aren't "draining the swamp", you're just making it a septic tank.  #RUListeningMO
#RecallBlunt
I think the quality of the nominees and the up-front disclosures (lack of) has something to do with this.
we have a "slow" President! His father likely purchased his degrees. To quote Forrest Gump- He is not a smart man! 
Wrong! Check Bush senior, Clinton and Obama! You must be learning alternative facts from Donny.Please don't lie to us!
dRats r selfish & don't care about America, they're there 4 paycheck not to do their job. they're embarrassing the whole country
.@RoyBlunt Missourians are telling you WHY these confirmations are taking so long, but you keep getting behind a podium to gripe about it
Not as slow as Merrick Garland's confirmation. Can you update me on how that's coming? When is that vote scheduled?
NOT the slowest. Turnabout is fair play. You can't gripe when you obstructed for eight years. And the Warren scolding: #Backfire!
how do we the ppl fire the obstructionist that don't uphold their oath 2 their employers, America? America spoke 8 Nov 2016
Why don't you advise the @POTUS to get off twitter, stop breaking federal employee policies, and pick a cabinet we can stomach?
how do we the ppl fire the obstructionist 4 not upholding their oath?
REALLY STOP TALKING; you have betrayed MO; Town Hall NOW, stop hiding! They're All Bad Choices! #RecallBlunt #LastTermBlunt
I am ashamed of you! You do not represent me. You do not stand up for the Constitution. You sir are eroding our democracy.
It's Trump's fault for not selecting his people until very late into the process.
Because only one party actually cares what their constituents want, not what their "contributors" want.
Maybe because there is massive public opposition?  Do you even remember the public?  The people you represent? #RUListeningMO
Fact check, @RoyBlunt Obama's took way longer. You're done, hope you enjoyed your time in office!
No apologies should be made for due diligence. I've called your office daily to express valid concerns about most appointees.
why do we bother he doesn't listen to us.  Doesn't represent his constituents.  We need a town hall meeting in Springfield!
perhaps the president should offer candidates that have appropriate qualifications instead of donors?

Do ya think maybe because of the unqualified PICKS ...next election U R OUT
Your party obstructed President Obama for eight years. Go cry to someone who cares.
Maybe because the nominees are unqualified billionaires with massive conflicts of interest? Or they just suck? #RUListeningMO
perhaps due to their low level of competence and high level of disregard  for worker, education , justice, environment , equality
Don't blame the process. Blame the quality of nominees.
That is because so many of them have questionable character and are not all good for our wonderful country.
well, it may have something to do with the qualifications of those nominated. God forbid Republicans admit that.
hmm, I wonder why....
Well, except for Obama and Bush. Would a Clinton cabinet be approved already? No #SwampCabinet
delete your account.
since Eisenhower there has never been as unprepared unqualified a set of cabinet appointees
.@RoyBlunt please read more than just headlines. I've highlighted two for you from here: http://www.npr.org/2017/02/09/513926267/despite-recent-additions-trump-cabinet-still-emptier-than-predecessors …
you must acknowledge its an unusual group of nominees. Its a good thing they arent being mindlessly ru ber-stamped.
this isn't just a case of Liberals being sore losers, even your base is disturbed by some of these nominees. You should be as well
Nearly all were announced earlier, better qualified, and fairly vetted!
.@RoyBlunt Perhaps if the nominees had provided all the usual vetting docs in a timely and in full, this may not be the case...
The appointments were unqualified.
I saw other data that says just the opposite....
You have to say NEARLY bc Obama, Clinton and Bush Sr.'s were longer. Trump's picks are not ethical, why won't any repubs stand up?
can't believe some senators are actually doing their job.
Up to this point in history the vast majority of cabinet nominees have been qualified! These people aren't fit for office.
Certainly this can be explained, in part, to the unique nature of @POTUS picks when contrasted to previous administrations.
Once again, the issue is with the extreme choices. It's too bad that you aren't willing to stand up to the President.
@realDonaldTrump SO SAD!!! Senate obstructionism!!!!
why do you continue to ignore us and lie to us? This is completely false.
and the worst nominees in our nations history...including John Mitchell.
these nominees were weeks behind Obama's in turning in paperwork&taxes &completing ethics reviews. Some still haven't. U know this
To be fair, the cabinet picks are also the slowest in modern history. The deconstruction of our democracy can wait a few days.
Oh, so you're telling us to sit down and shut up (more or less).  No.  Just No.  #Resist.
I keep saying remember this, write it down write down his votes vs campaign "donor" records And repost during reelection
Senator, maybe you should provide play do, hot choc,coloring books, binkies and handkerchiefs for their tears to all the Democrats
Because they ALL SUCK!  Get real, Senator! Stop just going along with the 'party'!  You're being unreasonable. @Indivisible_KC
Imagine how much quicker it would be w/ qualified, ethical nominees and w/o the GOP's precedent of obstructing Garland!
except all most weren't finished till March is the new republican mantra lie don't matter just lie
Because nearly all of them were unqualified or significantly compromised by ethics considerations
More dishonest GOP. GHWB had nominees in process end of Mar. swamprats didn't go thru OGE & weren't vetted. Shame!
I'm conservative & this is what I know DeVos not qualified Sessions not trustworthy, Price insider trader sleaze. Shall I go on?
maybe you should vote to silence all dissent. That would make things smoother. Got some more donors to vote for? 
"contributions" remember it only cost 33,000 for him to flush the education for children of Missouri away.
He should have held out for more. This is his last term representing MO.
Well when you promise to drain the swamp then create a cesspool expect pushback.
exactly what I was going to say.  I agree
why haven't they been confirmed b/c what? & why weren't you one of the GOP senators on the letter to trump re:  Russia. #hack
Because he has no Kahunas& he got campaign funds from Trump
Oops meant DeVos
It would be a lot easier and faster IF there had been decent nominees. Super rich people with no experience just doesn't cut it.
As well as racists, bigots, environmental destroyers, women haters, and on and on and on.
It's a false equivalent. These nominees were unprepared, combative, and unqualified for the position to begin with.
that's because you want to appoint people who should not be appointed listen to your constituents not just your party
Obama's weren't.
that's what happens when you make terrible cabinet picks
