Graham-Cassidy bill repeals #Obamacare mandates, protects those w/ pre-existing conditions, makes quality care more affordable (2/2)
And you know this because? No CBO report.  The repubs are desperate to appeal, therefore don't really care what is in it.
That's an outright lie!  How can you lie like that?  And - tweets don't disappear. They're here forever. You will be voted OUT!  Thank God!
You are a horrible senator, a horrible person and an all around evil man. You help no one but yourself. You also just blatantly flat out lie
No it wouldn't, why not come up with a real bill , not just crap so you can say you kept a promise
This bill will make my preexisting conditions more expensive.  Don't take my health away. Stop lying to us.
I loathe you. Who cares what your constituents want, right? You have some real balls referring to this bill as pro-life.
We obviously have a paid COWARD for a senator and his name is Blunt
‘Paid’ is the key word
Proud? You should be deeply ashamed. Or accept Graham-Cassidy as your healthcare plan. Hmm?
CBO SEZ MILLIONS FEWER WILL HAVE HEALTHCARE. DO YOU NOT CARE FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS?  YOUR FELLOW CITIZENS? YOU ARE CRUEL & SHAMEFUL!
You are such a worthless liar. Shame on you.
We will remember.

Can you stop, Roy? This bill is likely to take away insurance from 32M, some of whom prob are Missourians. Get a grip and work on ACA w dems

the rest face higher premiums. Sick will be gouged. Seniors gouged. Children will have none. Vote No
You are lying. Graham/Cassidy will not provide better healthcare. Millions lose coverage &
This is disgusting and you should be ashamed.
This bill is worse than all the others! We do not want this! Fix the ACA Ol Roy.

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
You are incredibly out of touch.  I hope you’re receiving a nice payday from big pharma and insurance industry.
Disgusting. Stop this cont'd effort to harm Americans. Nothing any of you ever offer is "better" for average Americans. #liars #ProtectACA
Except there is no way in which it is true that it will provide better health care for Missourians, which you must know
Under Graham-Cassidy pregnancy costs addtl $17K while abortion costs under $1K. By supporting this bill you are coercing abortion for poor
Sixteen patient groups oppose Graham-Cassidy. March of Dimes, American Heart Assoc., American Lung Assoc., Arthritis Foundation...
You know how we could be sure of this? A CBO score.
Do you think we are idiots? We have read the bill and know you are either lying or have not read it yourself.
This bill is terrible for individuals with pre-existing conditions. Vote for the people you represent and vote No.
Not surprised you support this terrible replacement bill. Not surprised at all.
Liar. The bill is TERRIBLE!  Work together  and come up with something that helps the 99%!
All you republicans care about is a "win" no matter how many Americans lose.  This bill is unconscionable!
That's just the truth plain and simple.
1.) You should stop luring to us Missourians! It ends protection for pre existings, allows insurance companies to raise prices if you get
2.) sick need it, has life time caps, doesn't cover maternity care that's extra, god forbid your newborn has problems, cuts Medicaid for ALL
3.) Missourians, the grant blocks they want to give states will be sorely underfunded and the state decides who or what it gets spent on. To
4.) vote yes on this bill you will sell out every Missourian, white or POC, Democrat or Republican, rural, farmers or city folks! Why when
5.) when the majority people want ACA fixed would you support this bill? Oh yeah a black man named Obama supported it! You made a fake
6.) promise for years to repeal and replace with a better plan. For years your Fake promise was based on a Fake better replacement plan!
That would be stop lying to all Missourians not luring.
You are lying to your constituents.
their healthcare. You are harming thousands of Missourians. You support your friend but not your st
Medicaid is drastically cut. States will be given $ but not required to use for Medicaid. 32m lose
You are lying. The bill does none of those exc repeal ACA. Pre-ex conditions are not protected.
It finically crushes Americans & kills more than 9-11 ea year #KillerBill KochBros #RichTaxCut
Liar
You are so owned...and so corrupt!
You #Assad Bill kills thousands of Americans every year & hurts those on employer plans. Corrupt!

Blunt as usual always "supporting" something some one else came up with but never has 1 original idea of his own. Zero guts and brains.
You lie
Thank you, sir. It is very difficult to find the official Bill, text, synopsis through the media.
If you cared what your constituents wanted you would be supporting Bernie Sanders plan.   Can you say, listening to lobbyists money?
Why?


Please look at this through eyes that could affect you and your family and repeal.
Can you please comment on these?
Senator Blunt please put me down on your list of constituents disappointed in your choice.  You do not represent me.  #blockBlunt #FixACA

You would you bigot.
Wow, are you ever on the wrong side of this issue!
Lies & more lies...will rip healthcare from millions, raise premiums, KILL PEOPLE! Stop the garbage & work to fix ACA like bipartisan group
All politicians who push this should be required to get their coverage through the high risk pools that would result.
And you supported the last 2 attempts to repeal, that removed insurance from millions (this 1 does, too). So maybe you shouldn't be voting
Kicking 32 million off their insurance. Nice.
How do these people SLEEP? My conscience would bother me far too much..I have one. These pols have benefits for LIFE - WE should change THAT
No I saw the bill it's up to states and many could refuse people with Prexsisting conditions lifetime caps.same as what trump called mean!
NO thanks!
Or you could make the right decision and support Medicare for all and make healthcare a right rather a privilege. #YouFailSenator
Then you are supporting a bill that is just as 'mean' as the other options proposed by R's.  And I vote in your state.
How can less Healthcare be better for Missourians?   Alternative fact/lie?
Fix ACA
Shame on you.  Hold a town hall and find out what your constituents think about this.
i dont buy this for one minute Roy and it is HIGHLY irresponsible of you to endorse this vs status quo. You cant tell us what we're getting.
Missouri governor @EricGreitens has already shown he cares zero for elderly, poor, disabled and women. Missouri says No thanks @RoyBlunt 
60% of American people (all people R + D) want #Medicare4ALL NOW.. equal HC for ALL... Time to end lifetime benefits to OUR representatives

Proud enough to hold a Town Hall?
Your as usual,on the wrong side of the healthcare problem,open your eyes and ears and pay attention
Blunt. You need to stop lying to your constituents. We'll figure it out.
I smell a rat Senator Blunt. Why do u continue to try this over and over?
Because it's what the Koch brothers pay him to do
If you're supporting, then it's not good for Missourians.

it does not. And clearly you've just been using NIH and Alzheimer's groups as photo props, because you don't care
JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
#wrong! You are not doing what's right for MO and we will remember!  #ProtectACA
Ohh don't even think your going to sneak this one through. Why don't you hold a few town halls to see what your constituents think?
ACA works if you conservatives would quit trying to destroy it.  You scare the uneducated by calling it Obamacare.  Call it ACA.
The uneducated fear that word.  American Care Act when explained to them like it.  Not advertising it is a low cowardly thing
https://youtu.be/sx2scvIFGjE . Watch this Senator.

JUST OUT: Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal. Yes, it's that bad.

Spread far and wide if useful. 
Supporting millions going without healthcare is just morally wrong Senator. It's wrong for all of MO especially kids with cancer!
As a cancer survivor you think blunt would have sympathy, but nope
If you believe block grants a solution suggest you use such for your coverage. Do what is right & support a bipartisan fix to ACA
You don't have a clue what Missourians want stop dodging us TOWNHALLS NOW AND THEN LISTEN!
#MOIsDoneWithRoy
Roy you keep lining up on the wrong side of what is right for the American people. Surprising how long you've been in office.
But less h/c for millions? How is no h/c better?
