service to dark $ interests and your John Birch Koch Bros cronies is not good for USA! Dark $= Tyranny!
NO GORSUCH
I urge you to wait until the investigation into 45 is done. Someone under investigation for treason should not be president
what did Judge Garland's experience prepare him for? The most unprofessional and obstructionist treatment by Republican Senators?
as your constituent I urge you not to confirm him. He is going to assist with the deterioration of the US
You also strongly supported DeVos who knows nothing but how to buy influence. How will you distance yourself from her brother's Russia ties?
Just as you encouraged your colleagues to vote for Merrick Garland, because you're interested in doing your job, oh wait...
Garland...
how big of a sellout can you be?
As a MO voter, I urge you to STOP this process until we get answers about Russia! Your constituents are WATCHING!
Sir, we don't need another big business croney in DC. Please hear your constituents!
I would like to believe you but lost the trust when you voted for the unqualified Betsy DeVos, your billionaire campaign donor. Sad.
Still not clear why you didn't meet with Merrick Garland.  Maybe if you had a town hall you could explain to your constituents.
. Vote no on Gorsuch.  I am a constituent and I vote, too.
Merrick Garland also had a lifetime of service and you refused to even meet with him.
you don't find your urging to be the least bit hypocritical? You refused to even grant a hearing to the last nominee.
Thank you for standing up for judge who believes in our Constitution. There are many of us who agree with this nomination.
boooooo
Gorsuch's testimony in response to @SenFranken indicates he follows letter of the law past point of abserdity. #NoUnjustJustice

You never acknowledge us--your constituents!  That seat belongs to Merrick Garland.  It was stolen and you know it!
You are wrong. Wrong for the state of Missouri and wrong about healthcare and wrong about this judge get something right just once
have you asked him if he has met with the Russians? Seems like a prerequisite.
no way,no to him,no to Obamacare repeal.....no to taking away social security, and Medicare. 
Do your job for mo. Not yourself.
he's illegitimate President is under investigation by the FBI how do we know he's not a part of the investigation too??
retire if you can no longer represent MO, which does not want appointment while FBI investigates treason.
my lifetime of compassion, kindness, fortitude, education and service (incl meals on wheels dlvry) helps me to say NO WAY! Gtfo
And how much did you receive, or will receive, for this endorsement? It has to be the money.
service to dark$ John Birch Koch Bros ?  Dark $=Tyranny!
you all blocked Obama's nominee, get ready for real patriots to block this nutcase
, we need to wait to vote on him till the POTUS FBI investigation is complete
I urge you to postpone the nomination hearings until @POTUS FBI investigation is finished.  This nomination was stolen anyway.
no sir, his long history of anti-woman & anti-worker decisions indicates he is prone to CEO $ & big $$ influence #no confirmation
We must resist Trump’s nomination of yet another yes man to back his dangerous policies. We must stand against Gorsuch. #WeObject
Gorsuch has long history of siding w/ corporations over people. We need a justice that will stand with the people. #WeObject
America needs a SC Justice who will stand up to Trump’s reckless, runaway administration. Gorsuch is not that justice. #WeObject
C'mon Roy, let's be sensible about this.  He was nominated by a president with very questionable ethics. You want the connection?
#GorsuchHearing No confirmation for corrupt incompetent president under FBI Investigation
Really??? You're singing the praises of a judge nominated by a President under FBI criminal investigation? Are you complicit?
I urge you to not vote to confirm him and investigate Trump. I am a constituent 64119
Bullshit. You never even gave Obama's man a hearing.  Trump will be impeached well before a year, let's let the next president choose.
Liar
It would be a disgrace to not confirm Gorsuch. 
Stealing?  Wahaha!
maybe hold off on confirming a man nominated by a man whose case may be brought in front of him?
I urge you, as elected to serve me and mine here in Missouri, to focus on the Russian/Trump questions, and stop  TrumpCare.
SHAME!  We should not be appointing anyone until the trump investigation is concluded.
this is a stolen seat.  Qualified or not, why should trump, who's under FBI investigation, nominee be confirmed?
As always U were wonderful. Since 99% of people commenting only found out politics existed in '16 plz ignore and keep it up!
your to good to support Trumps nonsense u will always be a Senator for as long as u want
I wonder if the majority of Missourians you are supposed to represent wouldn't want some one that would be fair to all!
well if you are against women rights,people over corporations,political offices being voted for and not bought with campaign money
Why didn't you urge your colleagues to confirm #MerrickGarland the legitimate SCOTUS nominee.
replace Judge Gorsuch w/ Judge Garland and you could say the exact same thing. But u & "this" @GOP abused the power. So wrong
You are Trump's puppet. You never say anything on your own. You just parrot Trump. You care more bout your job than our country.
I 2nd that motion. Why weren't they as tough on Kagan and Sotomayer???
Until we get answers about the campaign's involvement with Russia, this confirmation hearing can wait.
please don't continue to blindly follow a POTUS that is under investigation.  We know u r just pushing the GOP agenda. Pathetic!
The person that nominated him is being investigated for TREASONOUS ACTIONS. Blindly supporting him is both stupid and unAmerican!
You refused Garland because it was an election year. How can you POSSIBLY justify supporting 45's nominee! Unethical hypocrite!
NO WAY!!!  Investigation of Trump admin first
Oh I don't think so......  This will be something we remember in 2018.
And I urge U to be fair. While an investigation continues Please delay confirming ANY trump nominees. This is for LIFE #LockHimUp
Trump spending millions of taxpayer money on his weekly vacations  is inexcusable
No confirmation of SC justice nominated by a president under investigation by @FBI.  Can't believe what the @GOP has become.
You're goofy.
if a judge can't be confirmed in an election year, nor should one be confirmed when the president is under criminal investigation
Fruit of the poisoned tree.
it's a stolen seat and u know it. How can u sleep at night?
Gorsuch should not be confirmed while @POTUS who nominated him is under FBI investigation.  Stop the confirmation hearings
and we urge you not to just ram him through bc Trump nominated him.  Let ALL Senators have a say!
He's stealing this moment from Merrick Garland.  Shame on you, Senator.  Shame on Judge Gorsuch.  Shame on the GOP.
AGREE. HE IS OUR ONLY HOPE TO REGAIN SANITY IN THIS NATION.
you do whatever your benefactors tell you to do, and as those moneyed lobbyists are your only colleagues, who're you talking to?
What do you think happened? They sent us all free nesting dolls if we didn't vote for Hillary?
he was nominated by a person who may not be in office in a year. Let's slow things down.
a stolen seat filled by a president under investigation by the FBI - no!
yet you would vote for Hillary who was being investigated entire election and still is? What a joke.
you're right. He's qualified. I may not agree with every decision he has made, but he meets and exceeds all requirements.
too bad his soon-to-boss is being suspected of treason. That'll prob impact his progress, qualified or not (& he's not). .@RoyBlunt
how about we wait until our @POTUS isn't being investigated for treason?
Yrump spending millions of taxpayer money on his weekly vacations is inexcusable
