Has always worked, since never.
No. Greedy ceos just keep the savings for themselves
An opportunity for you to represent your constituents, or your donors. I hope you chose your constituents. Donor breaks rarely trickle down.
These same job creators that wouldn't be creating jobs if Obama let expire one of their many tax breaks. It expired and still jobs came back
You can increase my pay by REPEALING Obamacare?  I can't afford $2200/Month for crappy insurance.  Stop pandering to the insurance industry!
Does his wife or son lobby for the insurance industry?
That sir is not the answer.   The wealthy business owners should pay their employees a living wage that will spark the economy.
Hope all goes well in St Louis when verdict comes down. Don't let rioters get away with it this time please. TIME TO END THIS
Maybe the young man's mom is saying don't let them(another cop) get away with murder, (the judicial system) tell us our lives don't matter.
It's a tax cut for the wealthy and everyone else suffers. How about a living wage? Income inequality is rampant thanks to GOP. ENOUGH!
The rich get tax breaks, pocket them, and send jobs overseas. We're screwed again by the Republicans' fake economics
Please, lower taxes on working families- but raise them on WallSt. & Corporate America
Roy is a fertilize spreader,those cut will not help working people.Look at Kansas and when Ronald Reagan tried it early in 80s DID NOT WORK
Not if you want to tax my 401k and lower my interest deduction on my house- I will pay way more!  But you care about corporate tax only
But lowering taxes for the 1% does nothing to help the everyday people. Wake up and work for your people.
If those jobs goto those currently trying to get off welfare, then yes, its good. If it goes to dividends and automation then it hurts.
It worked so well in Kansas didn't it?! You are a delusional mental patient!
Ridiculous, same old tired thinking. No free lunch!!  The rich need no more $$$
Medicare For All will help all your constituents- and control healthcare costs. Get this done.
Senator Blunt really understands his constituents and what Americans need to succeed...thank you.
YOU RIGHT!
Lowering taxes always sounds great, but what about our deficit? 
Tax cuts to you and your rich 1% is not going to help people in Missouri.
Just like it worked in Kansas!  Your pal Brownback took the state down in flames, might as well take it nationwide.  #ignoranceisbliss
How do you explain Kansas?
When is your next town hall to talk about this, and hopefully DACA as well? When will your constituents in STL get to speak with you?
And ensures that the US never pays down it's debt. I thought you were the party of "fiscal responsibility" smh
Agreed ...I only wish that other people could see things as you do with an open mind for the outcomes of. working familiess!
Read your article in the Kansas City Star..just more blabbering.. you don't care about Missouri people unless it lines your pockets with $$$
Trickle down economics doesn't work. Unless you're already in the richest 1%.
here have a laugh on me
then make sure you get behind the president and make the tax cuts happen in the next session
"Trickle down" economics is and always has been a lie. Just an excuse to give more tax breaks to the rich #dumpBlunt
Tell me lowering taxes in Kansas worked + I'll praise Trump + every Republican I never voted for until then bad policy never works #resist
For only 1% of those American families unfortunately.  #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
Want to incof middle? We need HC for all, expand earned income & child credit, tackle student debt, reform bank regs, dec jail population!
In 2017 USA:
People go bankrupt if sick
Lives are wasted in jails
Parents cant afford childcare
Young adults too in debt to live on own
All of this & POTUS plan:
20mil less w HC
AG ramp up drug war/inc jail pop
Enact failed trickle down/tax cut
Focus on immigrant as scapegoat
Hay Roy Do YOU Why The Middle Class Can't Make It Anymore? & Why In The 50s It Was Thriving Because Businesses Actually Paid Taxes!!
Look at the trouble KS is in. Old narrative of trickle down (read Trumped up trickle down) economics has proven unsuccessful every time!
Especially when voters of STL & KC are for it! (min wage inc) We all know tax cuts = more $ in pockets of highest earners & stock holders!
Disparity in pay between execs and employees is greatest in developed world. If they get tax cut, why not tie to inc in min wage? 2 1
How about comprise? LOWER corporate tax rate (that's real goal anyways) & RAISE fed minimum wage at same time! Would lobbyists go for that?
Roy, you are stealing from the poor & giving to the rich.
I think lowering pay and benefits for members of congress would be a good start.  Blunt is all about kissing Trumps ass and keeping his job
Like lowering Missouri factories? https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU 
tell the people ass scratching lies-anygiven more will b taken ask soc sec recipients.Get a raise landlords raise rent!gov give 2 take more
Who will benefit from proposed tax reductions?
Shame on you
Indeed it is shameful how Roy can tell a mouthful of lies while wearing that smirky grin on his face.
How does the infrastructure of #MO (i.e. Hwy. 70, bridges, electricity) get fixed w/ fewer tax dollars? More $$ in my wallet is nice, but...
Paying them better would also help
Tried that during the Bush Administration, where did that leaves us? No jobs, almost a depression, and deep deficits. Excuse me?
Not tax cuts for the rich.
Amen.
Lowering corporate and high earnings DOES NOT create more jobs.  Saying it over and over will not make it true. Supply side is a fallacy.
Agree as evidenced by the failed republican and brownback experiment in Kansas
Poor outdated Senator Roy Blunt thinks that massive tax cuts for the elite RICH help ALL. How about you help us hard-working everyday folks
Your followers seem to know the truth, Roy. We aren't stupid. We are better informed than ever. Just watched KS.
Actually, most people that need the tax relief don't pay taxes to begin with. Don't bankrupt America with CEO tax breaks
This type of tax cut has lead 2 deep recession in past. Learn fm history! It doesn't work. Wake up! You've been scammed.
More like he is trying to scam us. Roy knows full well this this "tax cut" is for wealthy, $ never trickles down, & who butters his bread.
When you say "American Families" are you referring to corp welfare enabling @realDonaldTrump to emerge from bankruptcy at taxpayer expense?
Except the person you support wants to raise taxes for the working class while cutting it for the rich and they horde all their money.
What if you're wrong?
Sen does that include cutting taxes of your benefactors in top 1%? Any thought about deficits? Making it better fine, tilting to rich not
Repeal 16th and 17th Amendments.  Assess States, based on population, to fund Federal government.  States appoint senators.  Cut gov. waste.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result! Therefore Sen Blunt......
Lowering taxes for whom exactly?!
pssst. you might want to check in on what has happened in kansas. you've got to be kidding me.
Lowering taxes for ppl under $150k. NOT UR CORPORATE CRONIES!
#womendems
Come on Roy. We know you only mean 1% of Americans and 100% of Senators.  Have a town hall and explain how it will work for ALL Missourians
How do you ensure that the benefit doesn't just stay with taxpayers but trickles to jobs and pay?  It is possible to tie the cuts to jobs.
no, it isn't - I wish, but it just isn't - please rethink
Please sir, do not lower taxes on the rich at the expense of the poor.
With all due respect Senator, that has not worked out so well for Gov. Brownback.  Trickle down economics is a fantasy.
Most of Tax Cuts Go to Top 1%
Are you kidding? We are at full employment, what are you talking about?
Still lots of people who left job market out of frustration who are able to work if there are available jobs...might need training.
Very true, job training programs are great. But the RNC trickle down theory doesn't work. Look at what happened to the State of Kansas
Hasn't worked yet. Better jobs ,take-home pay isn't giving tax breaks to the rich  so they put it in a tax shelter. @msnbc @TPM
No it's key to keeping the class disparity with the current proposed tax breaks. Strengthen the middle not the rich.
Take a look at our neighbor, Kansas, and see how well this idea has worked for them. You know, learn from others' mistakes. Just a thought.
That certainly did not happen in Kansas. How much are you proposing to cut your taxes?
No! The rich just pocket more money. No jobs, no increase in pay for workers, nothing "trickles" down. Documented failure in past
Let's go ahead and eliminate income tax
Then why are you cutting the most taxes for the top 1%?  They don't need help & they won't trickle the money down so ur logic is flawed.
That's always republican answers and they don't trickle down.
So, if you're lowering business taxes, you can now pass a minimum wage increase, because they'll be able to afford to pay more, right?
You must really believe this crap.  Reaganomics didn't work in the 80's and it won't work now.
The only trickle down is a golden shower.
You, the @GOP and a lot of your generation continues to try to sell this BS theory, it's time you and this theory retire #trickledownlie
Wiser spending.  Lowering taxes for the top earners is NOT the way to go.  Grow a spine and resist 45's efforts to rip this country apart.
We are well aware of the Trickle Down Theory and it is insulting! Increase the minimum wage and stop giving tax cuts to the wealthy!
Raising the minimum wage is a good way to increase take home pay. Look what happened to IL lowering taxes.
Still waiting for them trickle down economics to work and Missouri trying to get Right to Work legislation doesn't help the worker
Lowering the pay of Congress and the Senate would be a good start. We also need term limits Reagan's tax breaks didn't help anybody
Yes, but your plan only lowers them for the wealthy. Great for you but pretty sucky for the rest of Missouri. We are not fooled!
Lower taxes for the wealthy & take what programs away from the needy?
Our schools need money, our bridges need fixing, our police need better training, people need health care and college, & you are failing us
Ahembullshitcoughcough.
He is a liar, a cheat, has no ethics - you should get rid of him before he ruins our entire country - which he is doing now
Keep saying it. Never  worked before. Maybe this time it will. NOT!
Yes for the top 1%.  Regan proved trickle doen doesnt work, but this gop cant even learn from its previous errors.  Everything for the rich
It's called "Voodoo Economics" for a reason @RoyBlunt. It didn't work for Reagan, Bush, or Bush II. It won't work for you and Trump either.
WRONG!!  at KS. Total failure. Lower taxes = more $$ for you and your cronies. What dream world do you live in? #fakesenator
Not true we have been giving tax breaks for more than 30 years there is no trickle down economics the rich just pocket the money.
Why don't we have a town hall and talk about it? If u can talk about it on nation wide tv, surely u can talk to your constituents about it.
Yes, Missourians want to meet with you. Please come to MO often and post dates/places/times at least two days in advance. Constituents care.
How does lowering taxes create jobs?  Blind loyalty! Ole Roy will support anything trump and the GOP spout.  Nothing is fact based.
Depends on who gets the tax breaks and how big Roy. Your priority is your rich donors, not people of Missouri.
Trump's faithful lap dog.
What do you want to bet your plan for more take home pay gets turned into a corporate tax cut instead?
Roy, the darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!  Dante Alighieri
whatabout increasing payroll tax exemption to $ 50K  for every employee and self-employed individual in USA???
Ur F'n trickle down hasn't worked since Reagan tried that shit. It's only a tax cut 4 the VERY wealthy not 4 the working class that NEEDS 1
Someday poor, ignorant white people are going to stop believing this and vote you out. Poor people need help, not a tax break for the top.
There's absolutely no proof that lowering taxes created more jobs. It's sad to see people lose their integrity just to satisfy their donors.
It's been proven false. Trickle down economics is just a fancy term for pissing on poor folks. Stop catering to the rich.
Sorry I disagree on this because trickle down hasn't worked.
then "mainstream" and cnsrv voters absolutely understand the difference between the two and why!!  Tax cut fine, but repeal/replace a must!!
That's "mainstreet"
You're old enough to know that trickle down has never worked. When will you be honest enough to admit it?
done 2) Health Care reform would actually help the small business and average American employee far more 3) tax reform more about "K Street"
No. Hire a credible economist. You're advocating a shift of higher debt from this generation to future ones. Shameful.
Which income bands will get the crumbs and which the lion's share of any tax cuts?
How about raising wages?  That would be EVEN BETTER for ordinary people!
I say the same to as many Republican Senators who your tax reform 1) y'all had 7 yrs to figure out Health Care reform and didn't get that
No, reinforcing our social safety net is the key, you ghoul.
Yes: Tmp drves home a message. He lies, lies, lies, etc, etc. You Repubs REFUSED to work w Obama! (SHAME!) O. more intelligent/informed!!!
U sure tried to dodge the question re Trump being decisive.U quickly turned conversation to job creation. That was NOT a answer. No guts.
I disagree with your comments on @MeetThePress. Stand up to Trump. He is devisive. He can't communicate. He does NOT represent America.
Roy is in bed with racist Trump,people remember this
You're talking about lowering taxes for the American worker. You're talking about lowering taxes for the rich. Everyone knows it Roy.
It is a pay raise for the rich so republicans get a kick back before 18 election to hold there seats Your not fooling anyone with this 
Exactly how does cutting taxes actually create jobs?
No, it's just going to make your wealthy contributors more money.
Yes! Giving tax cuts to the wealthy always helps ordinary people. It's worked since the 80s! BTW, I believe in fairies. Really wealthy ones.
Ha! You know what else creates more take-home pay? Increasing the minimum wage!
This is how trickle-down works.  Got it?
Now this analogy is perfect!
Oh for Christ sake: KANSAS!! #trickledown  #TaxFairness #GOPLies
I think she's referring to how badly Kansas has fared under this theory.
Yes
And what taxes does your lying, hypocritical, and Trump sycophantic supporting self support? It's clear you don't care about MO
Lowering them for whom? How about the first $100k is tax free. After that it starts at 50%.
I have to adjust my withholding every YEAR to prevent me from owing! Fix the fucking Brackets.

Trump: "Economy does better under Dems than Republicans."  Why? Tax cuts to 1%ers do not = jobs or wage increases 
Lowering taxes: the GOP's true religion. It has no evidence to support it, and they don't care who gets hurt as they push it on everyone.
They believe what they are paid to believe.
