I believe YOU have, by your own actions, caused the Democrats to demand a higher threshold for conversation
No Gorsuch. Merrick Garland did not get a vote.
so you're really going to argue precedent when your party wouldn't give Garland a hearing?? Wow hypocrisy at its finest
While I would usually agree on SCOTUS process, GOP inaction/feigned disinterest in Russian issue make US gov't appear unstable, not legit.
That is dishonest. Vote should require 60.
@realDonaldTrump Your constituents are talking.When will you listen?
You represent the people, not the Republicans.  Please try to remember that.
There was no precedent for not allowing Garland a hearing so quit whining.
I'm from Mo., Blunts constituents have to Pay-to-Play-Or-Be-Heard which excludes all but the rich and powerful!
Merrick Garland
Thank you Senator for standing up for Gorsuch.  Dems always think rules can change to fit their mood, they are dead wrong.
r u fogetting how the @GOP changed the rules by not holding a hearing for Garland? How soon u hypocrites forget!
@realdonaldTrump  has given the reasons for not voting. Taking more $$ won't change that fact. #trumprussia investigation first.
He sold his soul to Power/Money!
There's no precedent to completely block a hearing from a qualified judge either #Garland
You can blame McConnell for this. Remember Merrick Garland? Gorsuch is an illegitimate nominee
Trump is under investigation for possible TREASON, and McConnell blocked a sitting president's SCOTUS nominee. Reason enough?
No vote on nomination from illegit Prez.  GOP had no problem with 8 on SCOTUS in '16. Keep it that way til investigation done  #SCOTUS
there is also no precedent for NOT VOTING on a Supreme Court judge during the tenure of a president Obama  KARMA BITES suck it up
where was the precedent for not giving a POTUS' nominee a hearing?  Can you name one?
how about the fact that republicans blocked a legitimate president's SCOTUS confirmation for almost an entire year?
start listening to your constituents and out concerns. $170k to sell our privacy, double standards galore. Absolutely #terrible.
You and your ilk were obstructionists during President Obama's time in office. How does a dose of your own medicine feel!  #BlueMO
you're supposed 2represent me; 64015. The majority of informed citizens from MO disagree w you & @POTUS #IndependentInvestigation
Trump shouldn't get to nominate a SCOTUS seat in his last year in office. Pretty sure you loved that line last year, #hypocrite.
you're right.  It was Mitch McConnell who gave Dems the reason.  #voteonmerrickfirst
Roy your sad little attempts to fool your constituents isn't going to work. Shameful what you are doing in DC. Pathetic.
Crooked roy
Thank you for your service! Go nuclear if necessary. DNC is irrelevant!!! #MAGA We need strong Constitutional judge! Gorsuch! 
Blunt is a puppet of GOP&CORP. AMERICA!
but yet u FAILED to do ur constitutional duty when a former POTUS named his nominee WHY?? Why do rules matter when it suits u???
you are sad to me.
what you did with garland is nothing short of unconstitutional and a dismantling of democracy.  shame on you.
it actually was constitutional. Dems would have done the same
That's not at all true.  Reagan nominated a Supreme Court justice at the end of his term & Democrat-controlled Congress voted to confirm.
Are you listening to your constituents  or your bank account?#DoYourJob
If you don't get the 60 vote for Gorsuch the GOP will need to go NUCLEAR..
Is but a mouth piece for GOP/LOBBYIST!
.@RoyBlunt true, the president being under investigation for colluding with  has. Until cleared no lifetime appointments
#FilibusterGorsuch  support real leaders not people placed by the Russia
So why did you not let Obama's choice at least get a hearing?
Reason: Trump admin. under investigation for collusion with Russia. Do not fill a lifetime seat until you #investigatetrump
There was no precedent for delaying a nomination for a year, but you guys did with Garland.
60 votes requires both parties to be okay with the pick. That's been the standard for every SCOTUS pick in our history.
the Dems are requiring you to change the rules so you all can appoint a judge that favored companies over people?
Says the dude whose party refused to schedule a vote. This guy has serious problems with understanding the constitution
there is also no reason you can't do it. It's called leadership. Use the power we gave you to bring in a conservative SCOTUS
Postpone until #Trumprussia is investigated. The GOP is tainted til cleared
changing the rules again?
He is an illegitimate candidate until the Garland nomination is voted on.  Also, Trump is an illegitimate President.
What alternate history bk do u have access to?  Many SCOTUS appointed w/ vote of 60.  More GOP lies. Midterms r coming. Vote u out
Liar!
To all those who are tired of #RoyBlunts #GOP #MAGA #Nationalist partisan agenda and lies, SIGN
VOTE on #GARLAND First Roy!
Maybe Gorsuch hasn't given dems a reason - McConnell and the Repub's disgraceful treatment of qualified and centrist Garland did!
yes he has... his decisions are awful and he's bought off by corporations
It is not Gorsuch's turn. You have violated the Constitution because you did not advise on Garland. Not one hearing.
Would it be better if he was denied even a hearing?
I know as a member of the intelligence committee you will understand we need to wait. Trump is under investigation.
there was certainly no precedent for denying Garland a hearing.
And how much precedent was there for not doing your job and letting the last president's nominee have a hearing?
the Trump Administration is under investigation for TREASON! That's reason enough to stop everything!
there was no precedent for not allowing an appointment a vote
One reason, Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland is the next nominee up for a vote, sir. That's the reason. #GarlandNotGorsuch
the Dems need to stop obstructing & work for USA! Gorsuch is well qualified.
the was no precedence for not meeting Merrick Garland, either.  Don't be a hypocrite.  We will vote you out.
Sorry, but any president that picks coal over cleaner energy isn't my guy to pick a SCOTUS.  No dice.
it would be unfair for @POTUS to appoint a SC judge in the last year of his presidency.
what do you think Merrick Garland is up to this evening?
 This is rich! #merrickgarland
go nuclear Roy! See ya in 22
I respect your gen'l philosophy but in this case we need to get rid of Trump THEN renominate Gorsuch.
NO judge until Russiagate is over and the guilty parties are OUT of office.
says you. He's made bad decisions . One just overturned by scotus
I'm gonna keep it simple tonight Roy, yes he does. If he is such a great candidate he'd unite voting and 60 would be no problem.
@SenateDems please call out this precident bullshit
@SenateGOP gave @SenateDems EVERY reason to require it after what was done to Garland. Are you kidding me with this shit argument?
But what happened with Garland was fine?
Gorsuch will be an amazing addition to SCOTUS. And the Democrats know it.
merrick garland deserves a hearing Ol Roy.
Especially since all, or most, of the Dem Senators now critical of him voted to confirm him the last time.
Garland never had a chance.! Hypocrites#playbytherules
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland 
Trump has.
you have ZERO shame. Can't believe we are stuck with you for 6 more years 
Merrick Garland, Roy. If you use nuclear option, don't complain when we confirm Justices Obama & Clinton when we have power next.
There was no precedent for NOT EVEN CONSIDERING Merrick Garland but that didn't stop @GOP from doing it. Such hypocrisy.
No precident for President that colluded with foreign power 2 steal an election making a lifetime judicial appointment either.
Well stated TRUTH, Steven
There was no precedent for your disgraceful treatment of Garland/Obama. Don't pretend to care about rules now. Have you no shame?
No vote on nominee by President under FBI investigation.  But party over country, right?
To deny a vote on Merrick Garland was unconstitutional. Pot meet kettle.
No Backing Down On The Border Wall Funding, We Are Paying Attention. Keep your promises or face voters
We just change the rules as we go or we move the line. You choose. But we are doing everything OUR way. There you have it.
BUILD THE WALL!  NO EXCUSES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No confirmation w/o a complete investigation. POTUS is under investigation by the @FBI #NoGorsuch #RecallBlunt #BluntBlows
Despite whether the nominee has given Dems a reason, Sen. Republicans, yourself incl, and Trump certainly have. Stolen nom/stolen election.
So, you didn't give Garland hearing OR vote, but you're pushing the nominee of a POTUS who may have colluded w an enemy state? #TrumpRussia
BIDEN RULE
Unending temper tantrums by Democrats (both Houses) just shows immaturity, gross dereliction of duty 2 voters & pandering 2 greed
Yes there was!You are wrong!
no, but the GOP and dark $ give great reasons for 60!
There wasn't any precedent for refusing to vote on Garland, either, so my sympathy is limited. #MerrickGarland #NoToGorsuch
.@RoyBlunt Too funny! Investigate #Trumprussia. If Trump is a short timer, why should he pick? Logic worked for @SenMajLeader
There is no precedent for ignoring a Supreme Court nominee for 11 months because you don't like the President either.
Stolen seat. #MerrickGarland
#NoToGorsuch  No judge until #Trumprussia is completely investigated!
.@RoyBlunt there's no precedent in taking a nomination from an administration under federal investigation, but here we are.
How quickly you forget #MerrickGarland. Amnesia must be terrible.
#garland
No, but the Reps have given the Dems a reason: Garland
See Endrew v Douglass Co Bof Ed - Gorsuch overruled 8-0 by SCOTUS on poorly thought out decision - show he lacks judgement
Maybe it's the American People you remember the ones that you all work for but against
.@DHayesstoker hey now @RoyBlunt remembers all Americans. At least the ones that donate five figures to his re-election campaign.
And FYI  my zip code is 63122 #MerrickGarland #RecallBlunt
#merrickgarland
both dem nominees had to meet 60 vote threshold per McConnell .Stop lying Roy . Or is your memory failing?
You lost the right to complain @RoyBlunt you guys stole a seat. Let's wait until we have a legitimate President.
there's no precedent for not even holding a hearing for Obama's pick but you did anyway #hypocrite
there's not precedent on refusing a nominee a hearing either Roy
BULLSHIT #MerrickGarland
