Trickle-down doesn’t work, brother, and you know it. Use your power to help the middle and lower classes. Stop serving the wealthy.
It does you just fail to accept it.
Why the assumption? Why not engage in discourse? Brother, we’re both in this together. We’re on the same team.Don’t just lash out.
Sorry , your statement was incorrect and I was incorrect and I was attempting to provide correction.
A tax cut is a tax cut. 10% cut helps anyone paying taxes under the current system problem is 47% aren't
If it's not paid for its wrong.  If you promise 1.5 trillion in growth, then back it up with collateral...tax increases on the richest.
To. The. Rich.
Ur as BIG of a liar as UR @POTUS Stop ur lying Roy & quit backing McConnell & the Koch Bros! We all know the Koch's r lining ur pockets w/$$
you are so wrong. This will only benefit the top 1%. Have you even read this bill?
It would be helpful to have a town hall where we could talk to you and find out why you think this plan would help those you represent.
Bernie Sanders says that just isn’t gonna work, never has, see Kansas
No, it won’t Roy. Stop spreading this lie. I

Not in its current form unless you are referring to bigger paychecks for the 1%.  Also, it does nothing to reduce the deficit.
Have you not been paying attention to our neighbor, Kansas? You don't care about us. You only care about cutting taxes for the rich.
https://theintercept.com/2017/10/10/tax-plan-lobbyists-chamber-commerce-koch-brothers/ …  Read this are you funded by Koch Bros or do you work for MO
Why do you still repeat the same GOP talking points and never offer anything that will actually help any of us working people. Sick of lies.
Why do u continue to support 45? How are u personally benefiting from the lack of decency and leadership at the top? Your legacy is tainted.
And a failed state that can’t fund itself #DeathSpiral
Econ101: the big corporation's first obligation is to their shareholders, not employees (aka taxpayers)
Whats the data gathering plan so we can find out if it does bring real, long term jobs?  We'll need real data follow up, not just words.
And then the paychecks go right back into healthcare payments because you destabilized the market. Let’s chat at a town hall soon Roy!
How can u expect anyone to believe #GOP while @realDonaldTrump is pres? He is a liar of the highest order. Guilt by association I’m afraid
It's not by association. @RoyBlunt proudly carries that water for trump. I want to know how Roy shovels so much bullshit without a spine
Agreed
Bigger paychecks to corporations or the 1%. And look at the job growth for Kansas the last 7 years.  Lowest in country #LiarLiarPantsOnFire
Is didn't cut spending and didn't cut corporate taxes either.
Senator have your office dm me we need to chat
What about working families? Will this help them? Everything I hear says "mostly no!"
trickle down doesn't work.  Reagan tried it and then had to change policies to save the economy.
Nope wrong again. Take a look at Kansas.
This economic experiment has failed every time.
No it hasn't .
For you. Not for us. Roy Trump.
Your Koch habit is showing.
My god get some respect for the Republican Party and stand up against Trump before he takes down our country, it’s beyond embarrassing!
Don't lie it is just a tax break for the rich and corporations. Not a tax cut for the hardest working Americans. We elected you
Roy get it done. Dem. Obstructionist
More jobs for the poor, more money for the rich.  We know the deal, senator.
Expecting those from the ShowMe state to take you at your word? Even with your limited ability with rational thought, you know you are lying
This statement contradicts CBO score... which also says deficit will rise dramatically. Please justify.
Bigger paycheck for you, @RoyBlunt
Hey Roy tell the truth it is a tax cut for you & your RICH friends
more for corp murica. not for the workers. more bs from YOU!
Town hall
It worked so well in Kansas
You need to check into rehab. You've overdosed on Supply Sider crack. Your neighbor Kansas didn't tell you about the negative side effects?
That's right.  But that's not what is being proposed.  Why simply cut taxes for the 1%?  Do honest tax reform instead.
A Senator salary is $174,000 annually, that is approx. $83.00 an hour.  So Roy what do you consider a bigger pay check for the middle class?
Sure but the plan the @GOP put forward will cause an even bigger wealth gap.
Because rich people aren't rich enough?
Where are the details, Roy? Details so far say lower taxes for rich and more failed trickle down.
#bullshit
For who? PLZ clarify. If wrong i am sure it won’t affect you at all. More urgently can U #tweet your plan on #CHIP >88K MO Kids R waiting
#lies
(the part he omitted reads) more jobs & bigger paychecks... for millionaires like @RoyBlunt and @realDonaldTrump
I don't believe you.
This bill will not.  Faulty analysis.  A vote for this is a vote for that top 1%, and cutting the Medicare that our seniors rely on.  Foolish nonsense.
The Koch Bros are sending lots of checks this week!
And roys wallet is wide open
Blunt the Bottomfeeder. Deficit spending to fund tax cuts for the rich. No consideration for future generations. Corrupt and greedy. Liar!
For millionaires- not me!
is #TaxReform going to be anything like the healthcare debacle?How much is it costing us taxpayers for you to create those worthless videos?
For the top 1%.  For 30% of middle class families, your tax plan drastically shrinks their paychecks. You're raising the taxes on them.
No it won't Roy. It will make the rich richer, and corps will just make more money - not add jobs. Reagan's ploy. Hasn't, doesn't won't work
Why hasnt ever worked before then? What makes this different?
#TaxReform for the rich by STEALING millions from Medicare steal from disabled to line @GOP bank accounts #holdatownmeetingRoy
Just because you say it in an animation doesn’t make it true. Show us an instance where a tax cut resulted in job growth.
It's a tax cut for the wealthy. It will not help the majority of Missourians. Stop lying to us.
You're thinking of increasing the minimum wage, which your party stopped. 

This "Tax Reform" helps only the rich.
LIAR
Giving HUGE TAX BREAKS to BIG CORPORATIONS! The CEO's take the money and laugh all the way to the BANK! They don't create jobs!  #moron
Within what time period and if you do not meet your expectations  will you refund all your salary for your entire term and resign ?
If workers India/China/Mexico make $2 a day why would tax giveaway to corps pay $15 to American workers Roy?  Please explain how this works
No, it won't. It will give you a tax cut, Sen. Blunt, and leave me in the middle class of MO paying higher taxes. #notaxreform
Please stop lying to Missouri!
You must really hold the intelligence of your voters in contempt to keep presenting us with this line of utter horseshit.
Can you PLEASE EXPLAIN HOW!!! Seriously. You and Paul Ryan keep saying this. HOW? FYI, Ron Gladney won’t tell me either. 
please prove how giving money to corporations won't be given to executives and stockholders instead of wages Roy, would love to hear it
For the rich
GOP plan gives a huge tax cut to the very rich paid for by everyone else, takes away a deduction, and increases the deficit.  Stop lying!
Don't call it reform if it's just a tax cut. Liars.
