Please at least REPEAL Obamacare! It's a government mandated expensive useless punishment to middle class small business owners!!
No it's not.  Why would anyone choose to punish small business owners by providing access to healthcare?
Oh no no no. Obamacare made our policy illegal and then mandated we buy through "the exchange". We are not subsidized. We pay now 300% MORE!
If #ObamaCares made your policy illegal it was worthless in an emergency. Could you see your doctor w/your old policy? They pay for hospital
Had insurance that was virtually worthless out of network & other major problems.
That's what I have now!!!!!
Well @GOP will make sure you & most others except  Congress will have even less benefits,higher deductibles, & co-pays at more cost.
Captialism works.
Also, I obtained my law license about 10 years ago. Only had employer provided insurance 4 of those years. Could only afford it under ACA.
I practice bankruptcy in Missouri. Have for about seven years. My filings are way down as medical cases have dropped.
Haven’t been jealous of Tennessee 4 long time, but a GOP Senator believing improving HC good for citizens, how novel
My statement on today’s vote: 
https://twitter.com/hannahkatch/status/890321709089402880 …
#ShowMe #BetterCare
1) Renounce your taxpayer-paid healthcare, you hypocrite.
2) Hold a town hall, you coward.
3) Start acting like a Christian, you liar.
VOTE NO on this #skinnyrepeal - YOU KNOW IT'S CRAP!!!
Please rethink kicking 15 million out of their health insurance. Amend the ACA, shore up the exchanges, do no harm
Give em hell Senator!  #USA #AmericaFirst #Awangate
What does your tweet even mean? We r talking about all citizens of the US of A, of MO. All he is doing is protecting privileged white males.
You will be educated soon.  Sorry you have been brainwashed by media/CIA/DC/politicians!  Hang in there and trust the President!  He cares!
What does that mean.  Is your Cult45 Leader going to open "reeducation centers".
LOL!  #WINNING
Go back to Florida you fecking bot!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-0CBP0NVeo&sns=tw … via @youtube
Up to 202,000 Missourians may lose their healthcare. This whole process has been a sham.
if you don't want to do the work to replace, don't waste our time/dollars repealing
Missourians would have died if you had passed that bill. Shame on you for choosing your party over Missouri families
You just need to tweak the law...make the exchanges better. Nothing is ever perfect the first time, needs edit not repeal.  Think about ppl
Stop voting in favor of this mess. It will do horrible damage to the citizens of Missouri. This won't be cheaper and better than ACA.Big Lie
With this "skinny bill" my parishioners stand to lose health insurance. I'm for a real reform conversation, but not political point scoring!
What happened to the open debate and make amendments? Oh that's right Enzi blocked everything and Republicans took a  on Democracy.
Why are you voting for this monstrosity then? It does exactly what you say you're against. #Shame #nodignity #nohumanity
Kill the bill, don't kill us.
What Congress mandates to the American people they themselves should be using as well. Allow purchases across state lines to make affordable
Woke up Republican but will be going to bed an Independent after last nights republican betrayal! #RepublicanNowIndependent
Pushing a bill after ONE HOUR of review at MIDNIGHT shows @GOP distain for America's weak, poor n sick. SINGLE PAYER IS SANE, CHEAPER N KIND
Please vote to improve ACA not repeal and replace.  You represent all of us not your party.
And you're doing this by leaving millions of Americans, myself included, w/out access to healthcare? If that's helping, I dread the reverse.
Welp...try again. Repeal and replace...now.
@RoyBlunt It is obvious you don't listen to constituents.sure your hand is out for lobbyist $$! You are UNFIT...not serving anyone but self
No repeal, no replace. Single payer, Medicare for all, including Congress.
Need to repeal. The American people need to be able to purchase across state lines to be able to compare and purchase at best price.
Making your butt kissing Trump tactics your priority instead of the will of the ppl in MO will not b forgotten.
Statement inaccurate. Insert "some families". Hon discharged vet 12 yrs active, I had 1st affordable plan thru ACA. #healthcaredebate
Hi! Missourian with a family here. The ACA has greatly helped myself and my family. Why won't you just do the right thing?
If you let this administration stand you are the ultimate hypocrite
Notice how no one is supporting your tweet-or your statement. It's a lie and we know it. Pulling insurance out from under millions. SHAME
I think this guy go elected like trump. Stupid people!
Today you voted to make sure you are not reelected. When millions lose their healthcare we will remember
TBF MO never accepted the Medicaid expansion...
He isn't up for re-election until 2020...
Most likely everyone will forget by then
Not me, and I'm in the state
Me too...
I won't forget either but I highly doubt I'll ever vote for a repub anyway...
Senator: we're asking you to vote NO on Skinny Repeal, and hold firm on the #MagnitskyAct . We are not fooled.
#noskinnyrepeal
VOTE NO!
Roy:  I think you are correct...however the reason has more to do with refusal to expand Medicaid to give Mo poorest access to health care
Fulton hospital closing.   If you repeal Obamacare, more hospitals to close!    Show compassion!
"Don't through the baby out with the bath water." Carefully consider impacts on recipients and providers of care in any health law changes.
There needs to be open and bipartisan discussions on this. This secret stuff has got to end! Vote No until it is open and honest.
This takes away any mental health coverage my son has.  It's murder IMHO #suicide #mentalillness #MentalHealthMatters #acasavedlives
Today you nailed the lid into the coffin of my and my family's long time trust for you. I'm sorry I ever voted for you, even years ago.
Booooooooooooooooooi
Again, only 16% approve of any repeal of #ACA. UR wealthy task masters must your balls in a vise for U to vote YES & kill off #Missourians.
Voting to increase premiums for cash strapped #Missourians to satisfy your corrupt political ideology benefiting the wealthy?
Voting to repeal without a satisfactory replacement is the same as murdering millions. Missouri is watching how you vote.
Come to a town hall in Missouri sir we need to speak
Sir you should not be denied Healthcare I will remember this in 2018
If you have an apple and someone takes it away, how is that improving the apple?
Repealing O'Care and allowing Americans to go onto the Fed healthcare plan for 5 years is the right way #RepealAndReplace
Roy Blunt wants to take away my health insurance! 
What do I want to take away from Roy Blunt? his seat in the Senate!
On this you're not alone!
Roy Blunt wants to take away mothers Nursing home care!
What do I want to take away from Roy Blunt? his seat in the Senate!
Roy Blunt wants to take away my friends Diabetic treatment! 
What do I want to take away from Roy Blunt? his seat in the Senate!
Roy Blunt wants to take away Healthcare from my friend w/ Stage 4 Cancer! What do I want to take from Roy Blunt? his seat in the Senate!
$112,000 was the cost for your vote. Thank #BigPharma. FEC filings are fun. #TheResistance
Today, the Senate voted NO to Repeal Only! Today, Roy Blunt voted YES!
@RoyBlunt will go to prison with 45 and the rest of his thugs. Upside is that Leavenworth is close to home. Makes for easy visiting days.
You will never repeal Obamacare. Vote to improve it instead, or we'll remove you.
You are holding with the party line and myth that the ACA is not working. It is a lifeline for too many of us. # Healthcareforall
Vote NO!!!! More people will be hurt than helped. Work to improve the ACA.
You have had a long time to think.Don't just prattle on about what is wrong with the ACA. Propose just one thing that will do this:
You and the LiarInChief have something in common  #lies
What about seniors in nursing homes?
I just made donations to Collins & Murkowski.  I will happily donate to   Senators who put constituents before party.
I urge you to hold town halls to see what changes your constituents actually need. I'm a MO voter who will lose coverage without the ACA.
Sen Blunt learn from history,follow Senators Danforth and Eagleton. They were able to work together and make compromises! They benefited all
Again, choosing your party over your constituents.  So happy you'll be out of office in 2018 you crooked old man.  #BYEBLUNT
Almost all persons entering nursing home facilities will need Medicaid at some point. Are you cutting their only way of care and treatment?
Do you know how many seniors in nursing facilities depend on Medicaid to pay for their stay and treatment?
You need to be repealed and replaced!
#Repeal repeal congressional healthcare and you will find the backbone to fix ours !
"Find common ground"-a lie.@Indivisible_KC has requested meetings with you 20+ times-no response. U don't want 2 know,U don't care-the truth
My family is on the exchange. It has been reliable and affordable coverage. 2 of us have pre-existing, conditions.
Its a partisan decision.
What amendments are you offering?
Did you always hate your constituents, or is this a new development?
Bully, who throws a friend under the bus? Only mean and selfish people like trump and you say nothing? Where is your backbone?
Shame on you. You have been trying to sabotage ACA since day one and now have the gall to blame others when the GOP can't make a good plan.
You obviously don't listen or care about your constituents.  Fix but don't repeal.  Don't leave millions of citizens w/o healthcare
You & other wealthy folks will be fine.  Not ordinary Missourians.  GOP rewards rich while gutting working folks.
ACA not perfect but can be improved on.  Trumpcare is a fricking disaster and will hurt millions of ppl.  Man up and vote NO.
See you in '18!
What's the replacement Roy?   Your team is solely focused on crushing anything Obama.  Sad.
It appears you are more interested in your party line then the health of your constituents
Sir, do you really care what we citizens want, or are you more concerned about filling your coffer? #outoftouch
YEAH he is in need of being replaced. #termlimits #politicsisnotaprofession
And I'm a right wing Trump supporter. #MAGA
You = disgrace. Instead of listening to #MO residents who call daily with stories abt ACA saving lives, you ignore them for political gain.
Also, please propose an amendment to replace the bill with Medicare For All. That would take the cost of the entire system down.
Aside from being a gutless wonder, killing off your Red State voters is not much of a re-election strategy. Their families won't forget.
What solutions that meet the needs of Missourians will you propose? You know we need affordable insurance, right? -63105 voter
The ACA doesn't need to be replaced it needs to be fixed. Fix it or we'll find someone else to represent us.
If you spent more time on repair instead of trying to destroying it. WE ALL KNOW IT'S  ABOUT TAXES CUTS.  YOUR not fooling anyone .
GOP grifters
GOP wouldn't allow single payer. DEMS settled. Now time to improve and call it ACA so #45 will soon lose interest.
Hi Roy, I hope you got my email. But just in case, I want to say that I expect you to represent the poor, disabled, & elderly with honor.
@SenateGOP
We want town halls Sen Blunt.  You need to speak AND listen to your people. Or you're saying you are beholden to someone else. Who??
I hope that you will remember the poor, the elderly and the disabled in your bill.  There are so many of those people in this state.  Morals
Dear @RoyBlunt your policies let Poison water into homes and cut welfare like food stamps and you KILLED my Granddaughter
You Are most hated by me since you were governor of Missouri you have supported bad evil legislation I'm working to get you out!!!
Please remember your constituents not just party lines. Push to fix what is broken rather than repeal and keep your word to replace
Your party before people mentality will come back to haunt many of you. Just remember that...


You sir are just a #trumpstamp for any Trump legislation.  How can U square taking healthcare away from thousands as a good thing?  How?
You want to make healthcare better for Missourians? Encourage #moleg to expand #Medicaid, @POTUS to continue federal payments. #saveACA
Today you voted to take away healthcare from thousands of Missourians. Stop acting like you care about us sir.  You aren't helping us!
I can't wait until I have another chance to vote against you in a Missouri Senate race.
Vote NO on Trumpcare. We need a bill that helps people & doesn't throw them off insurance. Congress is below Trump in polls for a reason.
Fix ACA.  Don't repeal.  Single payer would be great.
Listen to MO Roy.  You have lost touch with real people. It may be over two yrs but I'll work like never before against you in 2018
If you vote to repeal and replace, my vote will be to repeal and replace you. Work across the aisle to fix ACA.
It says something that the vast majority of answers to your tweet, Senator Blunt, are negative.
This was all a big fake since you voted for the terrible BCRA bill just hours later. So many lies, Roy - think we don't notice?
MEDICARE for all....
With the Affordable Care Act I don't feel like I am paying more so that people without insurance can get free care.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, I now have an HSA to pay for my deductibles and prescriptions.
Your statement is incorrect.  I have lived in Missouri for many years.  Obamacare has helped me a lot.  Lower deductibles, lower script cost
Your "statement " is what will keep Missourians without healthcare for many years to come. I hope you'll never need it.
You do realize the moves you're making will make costs even higher? But not only that - they will cost jobs, Roy. Talk to the people who 1/2
Run nursing homes & hospitals, often largest employers in their towns. These bills will DEVASTATE these communities!
This is a dangerous and short sighted measure. People will suffer, especially the most vulnerable.
Shame on you @RoyBlunt . How do you sleep at night?
Wow...instead of twerking the plan, the GOP just wants to scrap...way to take care of your constituents...lets discuss at a town hall in STL
Open the market
The @GOP is promising better healthcare. Hope you keep your word because so far it's not looking better.  Careful
Shame on you. What the @GOP has put forth to replace it is criminal. What's wrong with you???
Give em hell @s_ellissmith !
The state remembers.  We know no Senator but the one from the west whose name is McCaskill,  The TRUE MO Senator, You're just Ramsay Bolton
https://www.facebook.com/CREDO/photos/a.121478005967.124121.6851405967/10156452446305968/?type=3&theater …
Me? I'll be ok. But you are going to fuck over so many of our fellow Missourians that I'll hold this against you forever.
Repeal Obamacare--the research overwhelmingly supports the necessity-stop delays-free choice-no mandates-free market
MO never expanded Medicaid & GOP spent 7 yrs trying to destroy it instead of fixing it, YOU own this situation #whereisjasonkander
Repeal/replace don't care, but have a plan that is not produced in rush to win a victory of previous admin. Enough with partisan rhetoric.
How much better will prescription drug costs be?  Or premiums?
Define a constitutional republic, tell me your role as a Senator.  Please, live a year on premiums as your constituents do.
Please look at the majority of Missourians that will lose or have premiums increase based upon your previous plan.  How can you support it?
Please explain, who are the Missourians that you are representing?  Trying to understand what you are doing in the Senate for Missouri.
I'll believe it when I see it. So far, looks like only reason replacement hasn't passed is because some people want to make it even worse.
O-care is better than NO-Care.  You're days in congress are numbered.
Boo, this man. Boo him!
You do know only 17% of Americans support Repeal & Replace, right? So who are you representing here? Certainly not us. #FollowTheMoney
Nope your party had over seven years to craft the replacement, polish it and turn it out.  So where is it?    We are waiting!  2018
Repealing #Obamacare harms Missourians economically and costs jobs. https://publichealth.gwu.edu/sites/default/files/downloads/HPM/Repealing_Federal_Health_Reform.pdf …
Congrats- the senate finally did something and it's only July 25th.  Sheesh
We'd like to see you argue in favor of one of these healthcare bills. Will any of them make life better? If not, vote nay.
Well Done Roy!! Your masters will be pleased with your work.  Your 30 pieces of silver will be waiting.  Until then, damn the poor. I do.
Gg
And now you and @GOP will own this disaster

You voted against the majority of your constituents today. You are supposed to represent us and YOU FAILED!  #votehimout
Hold a town hall & fully explain how this helps most Missourians. You won't & can't. You don't represent them. You lack morals & decency.
Voting for any version on offer, or any that reduces medicaid/protections for pre-existing conditions = homicide.  Don't be pro-death.
I believe you misspoke @RoyBlunt, did you say something about healthcare? I think you meant you & GOP are voting more tax breaks 4 wealthy!
Trumpcare like Trump is an abomination! Fix ACA or go to single payer Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices
Wondering  what constituents wanted. Phones busy @ D.C. & local office. Calls were 2 vote against repeal. Not holding town halls, who knows?
What is your proposal for improving healthcare and making it affordable for your constituents?
Bout damn time! What the hell have you been doing all this time! Fully support the President or you are out at midterm elections!
Please fight 4 health care 4 your constituents. There are many in MO who rely on Medicare for services and many more who are w/o coverage
Cutting healthcare is not only detrimental for families, it also means fewer jobs. Healthcare is leading employer especially in rural areas
Every word of that statement is a demonstrable lie. Again, you work for lobbyists, not your constituents.
Can you even sleep at night
Trump and republicans say they understand business? Well in business we fix problem, we don't throw the baby out with the bath water...
How can you look in the mirror!
@RoyBlunt u & ur boss (7 deferments bn u) know vets & families w\o ins. down 42% under ACA? http://rwjf.org/content/dam/fa … ur takin that away?
Clutch
Hold a town hall
Can't wait for mid term elections...bad legislation is going to take the republicans down...just a tax cut for the rich
I am sad but want to continue our conversation to ensure that MO children will continue to have access to important services in schools.

Listen to your constituents. It is time to put people above party. That, or put yourself and your family on the replacement coverage.
It's easy to vote the way you did today when you're too scared to hold town hall meetings and face your constituents.
This is not true and I'm very disappointed in this decision.
I'm asking everyone i. Mo to vote against Roy the liar Blunt.
You are one of the worst liars in DC. Look at the people in MO who will suffer if this pass. And you have the gall to lie like you do.
If only McCain's brain cancer was contagious
This is NOT what your constituents want you to do!
