Whuch is of course why you were able to confirm him without rewriting the rules about majority vote, oh wait... No. You suck.
H-2B Cost the Missouri Tax Payers.
Change the rules to block a nominee; change the rules to to get your own. We see you. Cheat to win. #antidemocratic
I am ashamed of you. Can't get the votes needed? Well just change the rules. I can't wait to vote you out or see you in prison with Trump.
His constituents mean NOTHING to him.
Nope  he is not. He has his own agenda.
You are a traitor and do not represent Missourian.
Gorsuch is good for corporations but bad for working people.  As your constituent, vote no.
are you being paid per tweet about this now? We all know you sell your votes to the highest bidder. #FinalTerm
His family members are all corporate lobbyists. He's a corrupt career politician.  No idea how he sleeps at night.
You are so out of touch with Missouri, you haven't lived here for decades, hope your tenure ends soon.  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I think out of 50 tweets here only two support you? So what does that mean to you come your next election?
U like talking on the radio how about talking to Missouri voters in person what are u afraid of?u have already suckers them into 6 moreyears
How much did you get paid to tweet this? Did Gorsuch also give you 185k for his vote? Can't you think for yourself?
Lol @RoyBlunt sold out privacy to big biz ISP lobbyists for $185k, now selling us a lobbyist judge.
Please resign. You're an embarrassment to Missouri
We do not believe you!
You are wrong about Gorsuch, but then again, big money pays you to rip off average American.
The President's former NSA chief has offered to testify in exchange for immunity. Let's see how that shakes out before any lifetime appts
Congrats on the $185K for your online privacy vote, now you can afford fresh caviar. What's the going rate for a Gorsuch vote?
you sold us out for $185550.00 to internet providers! How much is Gorsuch paying you?
...says the husband of a HUGE WASHINGTON LOBBYIST. He's a corrupt career politician. We need SET TERM RATES.  He does NOTHING 4 US
Roy your full of it.  Hands in other people's pockets nose up McConnells rear end hey guess what I'm from niangua u can't fool me ROY
Senator, you are right.  Just think how great our nation will be when the 120 judge openings are filled.
Then vote No for Gorsuch. Gorsuch joked it often took over 30 drafts before he could eloquently warp the law to fit his own ideals.
And we need Senators who will actually represent their constituents, not their own bank accounts.
If you cant get to 60 votes then you DO have a politician in a robe. These are 2 very different uses of nuclear option.
What a farce for a representative. Bought and paid for. Afraid of a "Town Hall" meeting.
We need JUDGE GARLAND on the Supreme Court!!!!
He is NOT.  He is evasive, elitist, and does not represent any good part of the party
Judicial Social Network paid for ads promoting Gorsuch.Their goal is to weaken the judiciary. An honorable man would not take part. Shame
Why vote for H-2B visas Your people in Missouri should come first!
I knew you were corrupt when you sent me that letter saying GMO'S were fine. You're all for corporations & not the people. SHAME!
Do Not change the rules to pass Neil Gorsuch.  Please think deeply of the consequences.  N.G. sides w/ corporations.  Pick a new judge!
H-2B Corporate Welfare at the cost of Tax Payers!
The bad out ways good!Missourians First!
NO TO GORSUCH or anything fromTrump until ALL OF PUTIN'S PUPPETS ARE JAILED.
You are not listening to your constituents. You need to run to the other side. They love people with no backbone. Russian ties a +
We need a #SCOTUS who understands (unlike you), that the highest corporate bidder isn't always the one who wins his vote. #resist
Please read the Constitution and let me know when you start at least the advise hearings on Garland.
Wait. Last year you said no President with (likely) less than a year left in his presidency should be allowed to name a justice.
Exactly,  and current POTUS might even have less time left.
what about Gorsuch ruling against a man freezing to death.  Choosing regulations over the constitution is choosing law over gospel
what about Garland? Where were you then? What about all other judges Repubs blocked which resulted in Nuclear option ?
The hypocrisy is just staggering. #GOP2017
I think a judge can believe in God but I don't think the judge should allow "HIS" God to make decisions in other people's lives!!! Vote no
Liberals are jamming their asinine agenda down throats of Americans through our courts, our schools, colleges & universities, & our media!
Not so fast.  Let's see how the Russian issue plays out!
A Treasonous President does not get to appoint a Supreme Court Justice. Finish the investigations first. A Special Investigator applies too.
Halt all Senate votes until #Russia investigations are done.
Fake SCOTUS
Politicians are the worst, right? RIGHT?...
Well hurry it up then! Run over the Democrats and get this guy on the bench! What are you waiting for?
Blunt, have you grown a backbone yet? Stand up to the dems or get out of the way
So was Merrick Garland but he had the wrong party after his name. So yes it is about politics. I pray MO gets smart next reelection!
I do too. @clairecmc needs to be put out to pasture.
Oh sure , Roy.  Ever heard of Garland ?
Vote on Garland first!!!
Senator replace Gorsuch w/ Garland & u can say the exact same thing.
no he is not. No vote until Trump is no longer under investigation. You wouldn't even give Garland a hearing.  Don't be a traitor
The Republikans should not be allowed to vote on a Supreme Court Justice for another 10 years.
How much money did you get from the isps to sell my personal data is your internet preferences going to be sold also
Maybe he's not a politician in robes, but apparently he's a corporation in robes. He doesn't deserve the stolen seat.
Merrick Garland
The most LEAST forthcoming nominee. No Pres under investigation should have their nom considered until cleared.
#confirmgorsuch  tried to tweet @clairecmc but doubt she cares...
Two words: Merrick Garland.
MO needs for you to remember how you got into office, do your job rep MO! WE DEMAND TOWNHALL NOW! Stop ignoring us! #LastTermBlunt
Sorry Roy, but you are part of the problem in DC. All the scum on the swamp needs to be cleaned out and it is sure not happening.
why didnt he answer all the questions?    from where did the 10 million dollar gift come?
If @SenateDems won't #confirmGorsuch, the @GOP should send him home and strap Judge Pryor to the nuke instead.  Plot twist! #MAGA
Are we talking about the same guy who ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby?
Disagree strongly! He is pompous, groveling, patronizing & refuses to answer any ?s that pertains to the best interest of people.
You misspelled Merrick Garland. This seat is his, sir. A vote for Gorsuch is a vote for dirty political tricks.
Sorry Senator.  Gorsuch is political.  #45 picked someone who he thinks is in his pocket.  #badSCOTUSpick
So is Merrick Garland.
You aren't credible Roy. Not a Senator for Missouri people. You're just there to get your money from the corporations. #RecallBlunt
oh, Roy. How much is ruining Missouri worth to you? You’re getting really good at it so it must be a pretty good payday.
$185000 to sell our internet history
it’s a rough life. Shameless.
Wait, since when? .@GOP wasn't saying that a year ago
No..we need judges that seperate church and state, uphold the constitution, & have no political agendas
Right! Personally I am fed up with the crooks&liars in the WH, senate and congress & the hypocracy of their votes.
You do realize that the current adm is under FBI investigation? These are not normal times Emperor is not wearing any clothes #Trumprussia
It's a pity the @GOP didn't treat Merrick Garland like a judge and not a politician.
As a grandparent to special needs child I am appalled at his ruling that was unanimously overturned by Supreme Court! #GorsuchNo
So was Merrick Garland.
ur right and senator mccaskill needs to support him to or she won't have my vote next year.
Because he may have been nominated by illegitimate president. Must wait for #TrumpRussia investigation to be complete.  Pres=FBI investigate
blow it all the way up in 2018 you won't be in power
no
You were fine with it being open for over a year. You can wait until a federal investigation is complete.
Did the $185k in donations to you from telecom companies affect your yes vote for reducing our privacy online? You are corrupt.
has not been in the past!  What changed?  You get a bigger dark$ check?
Your a crook. Don't believe you. Stop tweeting.
No, no he really isn't.
Confirm him even if it's without the Dems
It doesn't matter how many ways you spin; your #hypocrisy shines through. You shunned #MerrickGarland, so don't pretend it's back to normal.
I call BS Roy. He is not a legitimate nominee. He a choice of Bannon/Mercer. How blind can you be?
Just read you took $185K from tech industry b4 voting to allow them to sell our personal info.  Good haul Roy. We're  so proud of u.  #swamp
someone on net is trying to buy the internet history of these senators. i say go for it?
so is Merrick Garland. That's the problem. Rs played politics so they could nominate their judge. That's why ppl are opposed
So true, so what can we do about it?
