Hello, Separation of Church and State? How about you try and find a way to save unhealthy Missourians. #GrahamCassidyBill #SaveACA
Please vote no on Graham- Cassidy
Houses of worship I assume are just Christian houses of worship right Roy?
You need to vote down the latest attempt to strip healthcare away from millions of Americans!!!
Only when they start paying taxes!
God @TheGoodGodAbove
 If the pastor of a 'church' can afford to fly a 20 million dollar jet, that church should be paying taxes.
No, just no.
If they are tax exempt, why should they benefit from taxpayer funds? Don't we have separation of church and state?
What about the local mosque? Or scientology building?  #SeparationOfChurch&State
Exactly. My senator is a hypocrite, trying to disavow the constitution's protection of separation of church and state.
Your houses of worship can have assistance when they pay taxes. More importantly, please retire. Today.
What? No! You prove with every word, every move, you stand for nothing. The current RNC are the shame of our country.  Just pitifully awful.
Oh hell no. Show me their tax bill then. I don't want my tax $ going through any church. Too many of them are crooked as you and trump.
When they have to start paying taxes, they can benefit. Until then, this is not money for churches. Separation of Church & State.
Maybe instead of religious bills, you should focus on turning down bills that want to remove healthcare for pre-existing conds.
sorry u don't care as much about heathcare
TOTAL BULLSHIT Do you do anything real for the people of MO???
So, if churches get to take taxpayer money, shouldn't they also pay taxes? Or do you think that Christianity is a government function?
Did you know that mosques in Houston were the first to open & give care? #GrahamCassidyBill  will end all funding 4 natural disasters @NPR
Instead of sending MO tax $ to churches, vote NO on #GrahamCassidy - that will help more in need than churches can
town hall?? Ur afraid of tough healthcare questions we know easy thing to do would be vote against repeal & do what constituents ask u to do
Anyone w/ 2 shirts should share w/ the 1 who has none, and anyone w/ food should do the same. Then get govt to pay you back.

Lk 3:10-11ish
Yes, but a true gift requires no repayment.  Ephesians 2:8
So this your response to @JoelOsteen not opening his church to all. Bad behavior gets rewarded.
Careful there @RoyBlunt it almost sounds like #pandering to crooked evangelicals
@RoyBlunt FEMA funds for ESSENTIAL functions only - we already provide tax breaks/incentives for religious orgs., that's assistance enough!
If Cruz's name is on it, no thanks
Actually if Blunt AND Cruz, it's most likely got a sleazy hidden agenda. No thanks!
I believe any taxpayer funding of religious institutions is a violation of the 1'st Amendment to the Constitution.
NO. Why can't you understand the idea of separate church & state?
It's a damn shame you don't check the responses to your posts. You would learn something about your constituents.
I'm sorry since when did houses of worship pay taxes and should be able to have federal grants?
"Houses of worship" don't need MO tax dollars unless they are taxed themselves.
Tax free status is the TRADE OFF!  Have you seen the Mega-Churches in this country?
Oh no you don't. Separation of church and state. They don't pay taxes, then they don't get tax payouts either.
This bill encapsulates everything wrong with you & rest of @GOP. Is there a problem? No? Let's create one and solve it!
I'm running out of ways to say "shame on you".  It is so sad you refuse to hear us.
That's great. Good job Mr Blunt
Why isn't your focus on stopping the GOP from hurting many with the healthcare bill? Oh right, because you are one of them.
Then they need to start paying taxes!
This is really simple, if you pay taxes-you get FEMA relief.  So religion is not a factor in our government
Stop acting like you care...why do you and the rest of the GOP continue down this path of deliberately trying to hurt  people?  Why?
Then they should pay taxes!!!!!!!!!
So churches will no longer need to have their parishioners to tithe or put money in the plate they can save that money for themselves now!
Have you told ALL Missourians the financial devastation that they will face if GrahmCassidy passes? This would qualify as GOP made disaster!
Tax exemption is enough! Religious institutions don't need more taxpayer money!
How about you come up with a bill to help "insure" more people. The current one you support is awful. Stop #GrahamCassidy
As if we believe anything you say
#DefundPP
Many of these same nonprofits that can already apply for funding to rebuild are tax-exempt. This bill just removes the penalty for churches.
Thank you and the other members of the Senate pushing this valuable legislation.
It's also vital for sick and disabled people to be able to afford healthcare without lifetime caps, yet you support Graham-Cassidy
You Republicans are trying your best to end the separation of church and state I don't want my tax dollars going to any damn Church
Houses of worship "can continue providing food, shelter, & more" without your bill. Please be forthright: You want to give them tax dollars.
By REIMBURSING them? Religious institutions are granted TAX FREE status for this very reason. They're REQUIRED to spend income on needy!
Puh-lease .
What about #GrahamCassidy please say you are voting no or are you a coward.  Stand up for mo values.
#wrongagain These institutions already receive government assistance by not paying taxes! You r  out of touch and do not represent all of MO
So you're all for giving taxpayer $$$ to churches, but not to hard working Americans for life saving insurance? What a hypocrite
Oh yeah and just one last thing...did you like 40 people went down with Nixon.
If churches paid taxes then the government could afford to help its citizens without a side of religion.
Hey Roy quick side note, if Manafort is going down & it looks like he is... you might want to get a lawyer if you had conversations with him
So they will be tax exempt and get paid for the parishioner's/people's generosity? You are a con man.
Community centers “operated by a religious institution that provides secular activities” already eligible. No govt funds to build churches.
This is really about evangelicals supporting the GOP
really? why don't you hold a town hall & tell us about how churches don't pay taxes but still should receive taxpayer funds.
Then houses of worship/churches shouldn't be tax exempt. Separation of church & state is far better.
Of course that applies to all denominations?
You said you were a history teacher. Remind me what the founding fathers said of separation of church and state
They don't pay taxes so they can use that money for outreach.
One FF, Jefferson, said there should be sep of chch in a letter to Danbury Baptists (not in constitution) to assure no gov encroachment
Our founding fathers said separation of church and state!?! Less you forget or ignore?!? #resist
