Thank you , please stand by the President on his immigration plan
Yeah, these darn environmental regulations - so annoying! Good thing we don’t just have our one planet
The earth was spinning long before man got here and will be here long after we’re gone. We are insignificant to the life span of this planet
Oh ok - let’s just not worry about it then! It will just be those future generations that will be affected.
Honey can you even name someone in ur family tree more than 2 gens back. Besides like I said the world will go on it’s not going to end
Is the world warming sure but it has cycled through warm periods like when the dinosaur roamed and ice ages like when mankind rose.
Is man effecting these cycles if we are why have they happened before. U guys have left science behind and have now gone to religious fever
These cycles have wiped out species before us. You don’t seem like a climate change denier per se, but your stance is to just not care?
1st I’m sorry if the honey thing mad I mad. I don’t know why but whatever. On the climate look it’s always changed and will always change.
this may be good but stop world war 3. First!! Do something about that first!!!
Wonder how ur grandchildren will breathe when U.S. air quality looks like Beijing? Hope all the oil $$$ you have taken buy them gas masks.
Who needs clean air and water as long as your donors keep making huge profits.
The earth was spinning long before man got here and will be here long after we’re gone. We are insignificant to the life span of this planet
How do you know. Once again people like u treat this more like a religion than science. It’s not idiotic to ask questions. How do u expect
To learn and grow if u already think ur all knowing.
As your constituent, I’d rather have clean energy to save the planet and pay more!
Will u vote to fund breathing masks, water filtration systems, oxygen, etc for all citizens when clean air & water disappear? #fakesenator
Changing the rules on power plants will only harm this country.  If you were wise, you would know that we need to slow down global warming.
Must have a tire fire burning somewhere. Simpson’s equals real life in Merica. 
This is too vague.  Please tell us what you support and why. And while you are at it, would you show us the science to back it up?
And, what is your definition of excessive?
"I've fought to rape the environment for years. Glad to see Trump wants to make it a gang bang." --Roy Blunt
Yay now not only will I have power, but I can also breath it!
There's lots of old tires in local landfills.  We could burn them for energy.  Thanks Roy for getting rid of those pesky regs! #Dotard
So wonderful to be smelling burning tires just a little toxic
Can't wait to vote against you
Trump and Koch brothers carried you to victory. Of course you've fought energy regulations, that takes money out of Koch's pockets.
A lot of good all that energy will@do with a dying planet. Thanks for all you continued efforts him being trumps lap dog. Well done, you.
Without clean air and clean water, there is no need for industry. Your job is to protect our common resources, not threaten and horde them.
Not seeing any support for this here Roy, time to listen to Missourians, not Trump.

Good job!
And when our sky turns yellow and our children cannot breath will you be pleased? Have any grandchildren?
Go shovel coal and imagine that black dust drifting into the atmosphere and the lungs of our children.
Stand under the smoke stack at the coal fired plants & watch the carbon pour into the atmosphere. U can afford w/ ur coal contributions.
I didn’t know protecting the earth was burdensome. Seriously?
http://One.More.Time.For.So -Called.Senators -- Regulations = PROTECTIONS for people, environment, our DAMN planet!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get your priorities together. Safe air and drinking water is more of a right than an automatic weapon
Yea that seems about your style Roy. To hell with Missouri and all the people in it . Dirty water and dirty air. 2020 can’t come soon enuff.
Good on ya Sen. U r an unabashed bootlicker to Trump. FYI, nothing really good has been happening since inauguration.
Yeah @RoyBlunt who cares about smog or ethics. Just do whatever the hell you want. No way Jesus would want us to take care of the earth!?!?!
Anything for a dollar, right Roy?
Fight for our rivers and environment and not Trump. Regulations are there to make sure your friends don’t kill us all.
If it didn't come through in that thread of tweets, you and your phony cohorts disgust me  :-)  Have a good time.
Chances are that you're more concerned about donor checks from energy executives.
For a "Christian" you don't seem to care for his creation
RBFU
Same goes for some energy use... and if you really cared about energy costs, you'd stop them from raising rates during the summer heat.
.. is right, how do you NOT get an A in a class?
Seriously, when gas prices go down, people drive more. When they go up, people drive less
..multiple choice tests? No wonder so many business graduates don't know how to think; when you have four possible answers and only one ...
When energy costs less, people use more. It balances out. (Supply/Demand; Even as an engineering student I had to take an economics course
So glad you and the Trump Administration care so little about the planet,,, how many massive hurricanes should we brace for in coming years?
Senator, some of those regs make a lot of sense.  Corps have been allowed to rape our natural resources.  It is time for some common sense.
One supporter here, Roy. It may be time to rethink your priorities.
No he won't. Too busy bitching about football.
Yes. Welcome to the past. All you care about is your donors and your lobbying family #BluntLies
What is causing harm is you & the idiot Trump by killing us & our planet. You do realize you breathe the same air as the rest of us right?
By harmful do you mean environmentally sustainable and profitable? Not like the crap you're peddling?
Your constituents health is more important than putting more money in corporate pockets.
This little constituent already has a prexisting condition, asthma. Why don't you fight for him instead of corporate CEOs?
You can drink the water from Flint, Michigan and then tell us about those regulations.
Hi haw was your statate.
Thanks for nothing-
You're #OnTheWrongSideOfHistory!

Dotard has done everything to divide us! We'll remember next election!
Harmful to whom? How?
I can't tell if you're competing to be the biggest corporate schill or the most ignorant politician in Missouri (and the latter is saying a lot!) #GOP #environment #BigOil
How much $$ are you receiving for your role in wrecking our environment? Do you even care abt the health & safety of your constituents?
You cannot even Stand up for a colleague, a Senator, so weak, no backbone
Harmful rules? Try eating crops poisoned by big business...breath air that's polluted by big business....these rules are keeping us healthy
energy rules like protecting our environment !!  and safety of workers?
No longer support you Senator Blunt.
Ha ha he just won re-election. Better worry about Clair she is in big trouble.
It’s the rules that are harmful.  Right.  
There seems to be no forward thinking coming from the GOP.
I remember these days: http://www.businessinsider.com/photos-america-before-epa-documerica-2017-10/ … Is this what you want to bring back?  Bet you don’t live around a coal-fired power plant.
Turning the clock back?
Harmful rules that protect the environment? Repubs are so short sided.
Sorry kids
Do you truly not care about your descendants? That's what your actions say.

This is wrong in so many ways and on so many levels that I just don't have space. Why are you on the dark side?#growgreenjobs #forshame
Do you hate our planet and everyone on it? Including all Americans? Sure seems like it. Disgusted.
No planet; no need for those "pesky" regulations. 
green energy was growing MISSOURI jobs. you don’t give a damn about us.
Evil or Stupid?
You're the absolute worst for Missouri.Your grandkids will be ashamed of you as they put on their gas masks to get water purifying tablets
Less burdensome air!
These "harmful rules" help heal what we've harmed. And who do they harm? Your voters want to know. I get the impression that you'll benefit.
@RoyBlunt less burdensome rivers!
These regulations protect us.  Why are you wanting to abuse the environment to put a few bucks in someone's pocket?
How is protecting our natural resources is harmful, Roy? 
Champion a cause that isn't inspired by lobbyists or campaign donors/bribery.
Why are you so proud of being so wrong? Hurting your constituents intentionally to save a few people money isn't supposed to be your job.
"Pride goeth before a fall" and since Blunt & Trump are in power...well, it looks like an awful lot of us will fall.
SMOG lots and lots of SMOG! Who could possibly not like to breathe SMOG?! Oh yeah people (children) with breathing problems! Why didn’t you
fight for Missouri children and keep CHIP funded?! Oh yeah you live in Washington DC and don’t care about Missourians!
You are hurting our environment and future generations.
Regs cut into your donors' profits, meaning less money to line your pockets, right Roy? You're such a sleaze.
Your Twitter feed is becoming the blooper reel.
You are taking away jobs for the trades. U are helping to destroy the environment. You are not a Senator for “the people”!#resist #NotOk
Your lack of concern for the planet is sickening. I will be voting against you
These "harmful" rules help keep your constituents' drinking water in KC safe. Less pollution means my kid's asthma is less severe.
p.s. Cap and trade was a Republican idea. You only hate it because it was passed under a democratic president.
p.p.s. Green energy is growing jobs.
Hey, you're literally killing all of us with your bullshit payouts to your corporate donors.
Roy, how about we talk about environmental protections at a town hall? Or are you just admitting you can't face your constituents?
Penalize our children.  That's responsible.





You are hurting our environment and future generations. You know better than this. C’mon, man.
Harmful as in destroying our environment and potentially ruining people’s health?
I would like you to stop putting profits before everything else. This is the wrong move for present and future generations.
Have u noticed that since obama did the regs the electric bill skyrocketed. I’d like to see that change back. So cut away.
Choke on pollution, you GOP hack.  Always put profits first.
It’s currently 81 degrees in West County. Something tells me that that’s not normal for the 9th of October.
Why do we need regulations? Because your wallet accepts bribes & you have no concern for people's safety. Have a town hall. We will explain
You’re like Trump—too dangerous, greedy, and irresponsible to have any power.
Are you just dumb or that freak'in easily bought?
yahoo! more pollution and more $$$ in corporate giants wallets. big win!!!
A big win for corporate greed, cancer, and pharma!!!!
Don't worry asthma, who needs clean air?
Mobilizing people who don't vote or aren't registered to vote, to do so, can be very effective. Unfortunately stuck with Roy a bit longer
Great! I was hoping we could put more pollution in our streams, lakes, and waterways and air. yahoo. go big corporations, get to pollluting
Nothing about it is excessive. Roy Blunt is as dumb as Trump.
yeah! a Big win for cancer!
I hope you're enjoying your last term @RoyBlunt
If the president was accused of sexual assault you'd still support him. Oh, wait.
Harmful to who?  Your donors pocketbooks?  Patriot, Arch & Peabody?
So now is a good time to discuss climate change? Following unprecedented hurricanes over past few weeks was insensitive. Now good?
You make me ashamed to say I’m from Missouri. Pull your tongue out of Trump’s ass and have a town hall.
So you've accomplished nothing for years?

Why not resign and stop wasting taxpayer money?
It's both hilarious and sad how he keeps retweeting this and it's admitting to his incompetence.
You should be ashamed of this policy.
Blunt has taken millions from the NRA. Bought and paid for.
Blunt has never "fought" for anything in his life including his country when they called on him to serve. Blunt approves anything Trump says
State level issue not federal, dismantle @EPA it gets rid of redtape. Let clean energy compete in free market.
As someone who is NEPA certified, I can assure you that these regulations were put in place for a reason. Can’t wait to vote you out.
i wonder if the russians help blunt get elected. i know he is bought by tobacco, coal, oil, and gas. and nra and internet rights
Bullshit...your pockets are being lined with their money. Liar!
Sad to see you put your own $$ and cronyism with this awful administration before the health and safety of Missourians. Pathetic as always!
Admit it, he could burn down an orphanage and you'd still applaud him. As long as he's a Republican you'll carry that water. You're a fraud
Go stick your thumb up your butt.
Tweeting this garbage over and over doesn't magically make it good for Missouri or the environment. If you & Trump are happy about it- it usually means it's horrific for the rest of us.
These changes will doom us all by accelerating climate change. You're killing the future to save pennies today. You're killing my generation
You're on wrong side of history, son.  The rest of the world is going to kill us on 21st century renewable energy tech.  Horrible decision.
