With Syria "ex-plodding," travel ban needed now more than ever. DOJ has NOT been allowed to develop/implement extreme vetting either. 1/2
2/2 If we are attacked by imported jihadis, part of blame will be on you for not supporting travel ban and extreme vetting. Grow a spine!
The American ppl are disgusted with Republicans & DEMS. Terrorists are always plotting to attack in #USA & your focus #RUSSIAHOAX
Why don't you mention the threat from right wing extremist terrorism. Portland Oregon most recently, but more than is reported.
What I really want to know is why you never appear anywhere other than your safe space that is Fox. Please address the other 1/2 of MO.
#Comney has lied under oath over & over and you in #Congress have done nothing. Now he's making up memos on everyone. #LOCKHIMUP!
Gov Blunt, those threats you speak of are in the White House NOW!
Americans know this #RUSSIAHOAX came from #HillaryClinton. And you Republicans deserve to be fired for spitting in the face of voters.
Ask "Since you still feel reporting the FBI continuing to investigate Clinton proper, why not report the Trump investigation as well?"
Biggest threat: #Awangate
The American ppl are disgusted with Republicans & DEMS. Terrorists are always plotting to attack in #USA & your focus #RUSSIAHOAX
The biggest threat to our future is within from our unstable President !@realDonaldTrump and Vichy Republicans like you @RoyBlunt
Biggest threat to our democracy is Russian collusion with the GOP.
U.S. faces more threat from inside the country than from external forces.
You and the @GOP cowardice and complicit behavior is ruining this country and our allies. When you have to cheat to win thereareconsequences
Sir, do you support @realDonaldTrump flinging insults at the London mayor after the weekend terrorist attacks?
Why do dems stick together even though Waters,Pelosi are senile or drunk?R's can't get anything done bc you won't all support the president.
@GOP currently controls most of the govt, from local to fed level. Change rules/stories on the fly to suit. Pls explain how Dem are to blame
Yes, because of current WH occupant.
Roy plays dodge ball with Missouri voters while making sure he is in a safe spotlight not with his constituents Harry would be ashamed......
US faces threats from inside senate @RoyBlunt a major threat.putting devos in charge of education.im going2 put blunt n charge of retirement
Damn right we face threats from all sides including from within the WH. Never before has our nation been in more peril than now.
Why do you perpetuate @POTUS lies, alienate U.S., encourage white supremacy, & divide Americans & Missourians? @KCStar
I never watch propaganda TV AKA Fox News!  But do tell how 45's insults to London's Muslim Mayor and fear mongering is making us safer?
FYI: Sane Americans don't watch @FoxNews. You've been making money on the backs of Americans for too long. #FakeSenator
This is TRUE! We NEED SOMEONE to STEP UP and ORGANIZE the REPUBLICAN PARTY. As it is now IT IS A MESS.
I know you're looking to jump off Trump Train. Sealed indictment? #ComeyWeek
Indeed, we've never faced a bigger threat than our current President and GOP senators such as yourself.
Go home
Contact no show Roy complain Missouri.....202-224-5721 also billy long 202-225-6536.  Tell em what u think your in charge not them
Little bit to much makeup roy although u can't hide from Missouri voters who want a in person town hall meeting,coward
Extreme vetting? Trump and the GOP will destroy this country faster than ISIS  Shameful
many of the threats we face are from Republicans like you, Roy
Senator, Secretary of homeland security Kelly has stated that he still needs  travel pause He can't setup security measures we need w/out it
Seriously I want to know what is wrong with Republicans that they can't present a united front. Do it or be voted out!
How about the terror that has occurred by white American supremacist? Like in Portland Oregon ?  Did you tweet about this?
Be nice when old school sellouts finally disappear and Americans can actually put in young people that want to help their neighbors.
Shocker, Roy is calling to end hearings on Trump because it's been a while. Shouldn't you want them until you get to the truth?  #SellOut
Then maybe start the ban for Saudi where the 9/11 terrorists came from?  Ohhh, no. Actually banning terrrorist states with oil isn't doable
Maybe you should get on their payroll and then you'll do something about it.
Was the stabbing in Oregon by Mr. Christian a terrorist attack? What about the planned parenthood shooter? What about Pizzagate?
Well, Pizzagate didn't actually exist...but I get the point.
I meant the gunman who fell for Pizzagate. though I would give that one a pass because I think he gave up when he realized he'd been dooped
That's true. And some of our worst enemies are in the White House and in our Congress.
Because our president is a foolish child, you are empowering him and putting American lives on the line for your failed politics.
I agree. The U.S. IS facing more threats than ever before and they're all from the GOP. It's hard to watch.
What's next? Isolationism? That's a big no, Roy. "Land of the Free" and all it entails. Spare the #FearMongering
build the wall
Then you and 45 and your ilk need to stop pissing the rest of the world off! Stop acting like a bunch of spoiled old white guys and ...
Unfortunately big money is a BIG threat to our democracy. You sir, are part of that problem. MO wants representation that hears us!!!!
This POS only comes back to Missouri for reelection no town halls enjoy your last term!
How much money do you get from oil Roy? That's why you don't believe in climate change? Grifter just like the Don #RecallBlunt
Only those who believe in, alt right,ultra conservative and often stupid people will listen to this dribble.  You could have created more...
Including from our own white house.  White nationalists under this administration are the biggest threat today in America.
Whose allies are you referring to? Trump's, which means Russia, or the USA allies that Trump's been slamming?
Don't watch Faux. Just found out why you are against Paris Agreement...you received $1,143.574 from the Oil and Gas industry.  Sell out MO.
The terrorists won't win. Enforce travel ban now. Shut down Sanctuary cities and ensure that recruitment is not sought in mosques.
What we Face most is the threat created by the GOP. Failure to pass any gun laws for fixing the ACA or still just sitting around complaining
What about home grown terrorists? And what about Trumps weak & childish behavior to our allies? And a GOP party to weak to stand up to him?
Since this is the world we live in, shouldn't we keep our allies? Shouldn't we staff our State Dept? Trump, no 21st century answers.
How can U B so stupid 2 not udrstnd that @potus & @TeamTrump TEMPORARY travel ban from ISLAMIST TERRORISM cesspools HELPS extreme vetting??
our biggest threat is homegrown terrorism both religious fanaticism and white supremacy
True. But there's plenty of people of color at home that commit domestic terrorism too. Be nice to actually admit that.
true
Like you urging Trump  to back out of the Paris accord,  wanting to poison the air they breathe? Shame on you.  Missouri is NOT proud.
How about you talk about our biggest security threat? Our moronic president who loves to leak allies` classified Intel to the Russians
Fake News!
@RoyBlunt are you spreading Putin Propaganda? Yasssss you are! We are watching you   
I think most of our allies are looking at us right now and asking if we are their allies at all.
#RussianRepublicans #RussianRepublicans #RussianRepublicans #RussianRepublicans #RussianRepublicans #RussianRepublicans #RussianRepublicans
Specifically from people like you and GOP ignorance
And you're one of them.
