The republican tax plans are never in our best interest. So when you try and make the case that your on our side we all know your a lier
That's because tax cuts will only ever be in the interest of those who actually pay federal income tax
so you will cut it to 69k?  great.
This hurts middle class Missourians! It kills Obamacare placing Missourians at risk of bankruptcy in the event of an accident or illness.
The aca is a horrible law and life is all about risk
I disagree. It saved my life and allows me to build my own business and employ others.
.@POTUS LIED Presidents did call families of fallen soldiers. Shelve tax breaks for 1% & talk about his lack of fitness for the job.
What's the matter Roy? Having a hard time finding all the loopholes so you and your rich cronies don't have to pay fair taxes? #umakemesick
Define fair when 40% zero to negative effective federal income tax liability
The rich don’t need a tax cut.
Hey Intern, tell Roy that we’re opposed to tax cuts for the top 1% that come at the expense of the middle class...
Blah blah blah. You are a traitor.
Are you sure it's the middle class that you want to help? If that's really the case, why not work to close all the tax loopholes being used.
Would that include the loophole mostly used by the middle class? The mortgage interest deduction?
Please explain how this tax reform is going to help the middle class?  No offense, but I am not going to just take your word for it.
What is your response to my question?  How will this "tax reform" help the middle class?  BTW trickle down, does NOT WORK.
Your actions are hurting Missourians. How about legislation to ban lobbyists? #fakesenator
"Hello," @RoyBlunt lied.  - Nobody believes you. Even the conservatives don't - they just don't care about the truth.
IT IS NOT HELPING MIDDLE CLASS! IT CUTS FUND FOR DISABLED KIDS,MEDICARE MEDICAID& SOCIAL SECURITY SO RICH CAN GET RICHER!
except your not working on that, youre working on lowering corp tax rates. dont bs your constituents.
Very doubtful its fair but we'll see. Try this. Quit paying people to have large families.
Bullshit.

@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP Traitors to this Constitution and Country, and cowards, more interested in personal gain than honor. #ImpeachTrump
The left has no room to talk about being traitorous to the constitution
I'm ashamed that you dare even suggest you are looking out for Missourians. Maybe the rich ones, but surely not the rest of us. #BluntLogic
With all due respect, I’m very confused about how we don’t have enough money for Medicaid, so cut taxes on the rich?
Cut out the bull shit Roy!! This tax reform only helps Ur wealthy donors that r lining ur pockets
How about a fair wage to go along with those "fair taxes"?
No such thing as a fair wage law
Translation: "I'll say anything to get public support and then I'll do what the party wants me to do." We will remember, senator.
Com’on Mitch McConnell Junior, we know those tax cuts only help the rich.  Do a town hall and show us that it isn’t
Will it provide security in controlled markets? Don't trust those who control the supply and/or demand, for they set the price.
Your tax reform helps you and the wealthiest 1% of Americans. The average middle-class family will receive ~$400. That's nothing. SHAME.
No Roy u r actually trying to give tax breaks to your donors so they don’t turn off their contributions. That’s what your @GOP is trying
Your work on #TaxReform is solely for the benefit of your wealthy masters, Senator #draftdodger
Nope, nope, nope. You’re just parroting the GOP line, and you’re scared to talk to your constituents. 63130, come visit and chat, Roy!
No. You're doing it because the Koch brothers and your Large Corporation friends want you to. We'll talk about it at your #TownHall.
Trump's so-called tax "reform" HURTS middle class Missourians.  Why are you supporting him?
Helping middle class families pay more so rich & entitled & corporate donors pay less?
Yeah, you could make it loads shorter by fucking over working people and giving a bunch of money to the already-rich, huh?
I call BS
he now claims past Presidents didn't call the families of fallen soldiers. He doesn't even realize what he sounds like #IMPEACH45
This budget is Horrible - once again the GOP shows their votes are bought by the rich. We do need tax reform. The rich need higher taxes.
The only people you want to help are your rich donors, Ol Roy.
1.)So giving only the rich a tax cut by adding 1.5 TRILLION to our national debt, cutting Medicare by 473 BILLION and Medicaid by 1TRILLION
2.) and calling it “tax reform” helps average Americans how? It doesn’t it’s just another lie being told by the GOP!
the republican plan helps the wealthy and then maybe  the middle class
Lobbyists are what’s hurting us.
Five more years of this Trump butt kisser. Completely tragic for Missouri.
You are hurting Missourians.  You are a sell-out.
I guess you consider Trump middle class since he’s the only person “tax reform” will benefit.
Be honest now, are you working on tax reform or tax cuts???
Let's Repeal an estate tax that hurts only the rich Americans. Like @RoyBlunt .

#BluntLogic
You’re kidding, right? This plan will not give cuts to anyone but the billionaires. DO BETTER. #TaxReform
It is geared to help yourself. When I think of you, I think of Trump. That is not a compliment.
The Koch checks must be on a monthly payment plan...
Please stop this lie!  Your so-called tax reform will only benefit the upper 2%.  Do you ever get tired of lying?
Make the tax code real simple flat tax rate across all $ earned. To receive welfare you must work or volunteer at something.
Your "plan" delivers a huge tax cut to the 1% and tax increases for many working class families. Try harder, Roy.
Sorry, but isn't this for the top 1% and for corpotions that will reward the stockholders only ... thanks Roy?!?
How much did you get for your credibility?
Fix it for middle class not 1% as proposed now
Bigger paychecks for who exactly?  What do you have in mind for people that make $50,000 to $80,000 a year?
Trickle down economics doesn't work, especially when the economy is already doing well.
What you are doing is giving a big tax break to the wealthy on the backs of middle class.  Don't even pretend otherwise.  We aren't stupid.
Liar.
Sabotaging the ACA is also hurting Missourians.  Your lack of integrity is astounding.  We see you.
Your words/tweets/posts mean nothing. You work for donors and the GOP. Not MO.
Your proposed tax code raises taxes on 30% of middle class families. It was tried & failed miserably in Kansas. You know it's fucked up.
Who cares about taxes when over half the nation just lost their Health care
I have not seen an analysis stating proposed tax cuts will significantly beneift anyone but the super wealthy
Lier Lier PANTS ON FIRE!
So will your tax cuts for the rich!!! Town halls
Ugh... same old lies
I wouldn't trust the @SenateGOP cowards to buy me toilet paper. #ImpeachTrump
How does repealing the estate tax help middle class families? Mnuchin already admitted it doesn't.
I love that so many others agree that he's a big fat liar and T puppet. We have 5 more years of this idiot.
Pretending that complexity is inherently bad is a blatant pander to anti-intellectualism. Great distraction from tax cuts for the 1% though!
You are a disingenuous senator who I hope will be defeated at the earliest possible opportunity.
This will not help Missourians. This helps you, POTUS, and your donors. You pathetic, lying failure pile. Be honest you craven sadist
Liar.
