Thank you Senator Blunt
For fuck's sake Roy. Pull your head out of your ass and look at what is going on with the climate. Do Missouri a favor and quit helping us.
With 80% mortality rates for lung cancer it sure is a relief. Now I can stop planning for retirement
Please get your nose out of the butts of big business and start working for the real people of this state.  Global warming is real.
Well Now I know how to use all those TAX CUT dollars- No cents-nonsense.
Harming MO’s children and taking away protections for our health.
you are being dishonest, Roy, and this is shameful. You have it within your power to not bow to the party and donors & be a good man.
Big day for coal companies. Thanks, Senator.
You really have no idea what the people of MO think. #ClimateChange is real and occurring.
Roy Blunt is in it for himself alone, he is as stupid as trump. He totally worthless.
So are you more concerned with “over-reach” or is this just more climate change denying?
shortsighted Roy... you know that too.
Shame on you for lining your pockets at the expense of our health and our environment. You are a horrible man.
Screw the planet, my electric bill is cheap!
We pay double digit utility bills now. This will double our healthcare bills too since we live in a badly polluted environment.
Huge relief for coal companies. Big step backward for Missouri:
Roy, where have you for the last multitude of utility hikes?!  Oh, failing to work for your constituents!
Thanks @EPA This Costs US 120,000 lives and $600 billion dollars. When is @GOP going to put the american people before big business?
It's huge relief for companies that prefer to externalize their costs to everyone else's healthcare. For shame.
@dj_finney bet you a dollar their rates don’t go down one bit and two dollars that they go up for most
You can drink the water from Flint, Michigan and then tell us about those regulations.
Where is the "huge relief" from the medical bills our children and grandchildren are going to accrue from pollution related diseases?
It is not for me.  Many in MO care about quality of life, access to health care and a clean environment that sensible regulations provide.
After Trump unleashes his "fire and fury" on N Korea there will be so much radiation in our atmosphere the EPA will be totally irrelevant
Electrical power from fossil fuels should be expensive if not illegal. Because it's killing the planet!
You poison our air and water, then take away our healthcare when it makes us sick. Shameful
The EPA pulling regulation is NOT good news Roy. It means dirty air, dirty water and as Scott Pruitt can tell you dirty politicians.
Just because you'll be dead of old age soon doesnt give you the right to destroy the environment for the rest of us Missourians.
The exact opposite is true & any rate hikes were for other improvements to the aging infrastructure you liar.
It's as if he doesn't even care about his own descendants. Shameful.
Roy Roy Roy. So u really believe coal is the future?? Really?? If so what is wrong with you? Coal burners send a few donations your way?
You are so full of it
PLEASE STOP DESTROYING OUR PLANET SO YOU CAN HAVE SOME EXTRA MONEY
A step backwards.
Of course breathing clean air is just the price we pay for lower utility bills. #soworthit
More pollution=more respiratory illnesses... and yeah, the GOP wants to take away your healthcare too. Those lobbyist must be something.
1)we only have so much earth;2)undo everything Obama did no matter what;3)utility co’s will not pass along savings to consumers they will keep them;4)u r the most corrupt politician I have ever seen. Oh @JasonKander what it could have been.
No it's not. Think voting doesn't matter, please look at the disgraceful cabinet appointments of this administration and re-evaluate
MISSOURIANS WANT CLEAN AIR, WATER, & WILD SPACES! Are you too deaf or dumb to hear that? @royblunt Put down the lobbyists's checks & listen.
Clean air & water mean a future for our kids. Get out of DT's shadow, be a man, represent! #fakesenator
this is great for the lobbyist and donors you work for..
Roy you are the biggest embarrassment in the entire senate. You and your fellow idiots are attempting to bring back huge pollution.  Resign
.@EPA announcement is a huge relief for Energy giants who faced public accountability under Clean Power Plan

Fixed it for you.
Costs US 120,000 lives and $600 billion dollars
You consistently side with the most harmful things for the public as long as you profit. How much are you making from this?
Propaganda was used to push EPA regulations and increase taxes.
I'll burn my extra cash for warmth after climate change wipes out civilization. Thanks, Senator!
you drink too much Kool-aide
You won't protect our healthcare. You won't protect women's bodies. And now you won't protect the very air we breathe. The only back you have is your own.
This is horrible thanks for making our children's lives worse yet again.
Since we are dumping regulations can we also dump all the subsidies and start internalizing the true costs of fossil fuel?
what does fossil fuel have to do with a $70 sewer bill?
Senator Blunt, doing what is good for his donors and lobbyists and pissing all over his constituents.
So how are your efforts to bring wind and solar power along to bring MO well into the 21st century.  Buggy whips are obsolete
Some of us want clean air and water. 
another peroxide blonde statement.
Be careful when speaking for me.  I am willing to pay a little more to ensure safe and clean supply.
Your ignorance, greed and corruption knows no bounds.
And what about those 4 that were killed in Niger? Any word on a committee investigation? You know, like BENGHAZI?
You just said you supported raising insurance costs by over $140k on Missouri families. You clearly don't care. Resign.
Excessive?! Go around the creeks and rivers in Jasper County and test the water! Then check the air quality in Joplin!
Ok job. Better would be to dismantle the @EPA as it's state rights over fed. At least your moving in a better direction
Please, you climate change denying hack. 
How do you decide which science you believe in? The bullshit the Koch brothers pay you to schill?
But what about the needy??
Blunt has made it very clear he doesn't give a shit about anyone but his donors
.@RoyBlunt #wrong again for MO  and the world. You are not representing the needs of the people, showing again your loyalties. #shameful
But what about the needy??
I only like planets not on the verge of environmental apocalypse. SAD
Pay double-digit utility bills now or for cancerous causing pollutants? I am sure the healthcare bill will be much cheaper.
You're a traitor
Excessive is not the word.  Sure, now for the freaking fallout and pollution again.
If you were interested in people's welfare, you wouldn't oppose regulating industry to protect the environment. Ur just doing what ur told
But what about the needy?
