He's a racist and you are a racist if you're on his side.
I can't wait for the next election. I'm going to donate time and money to whoever runs against you.
Oh, without a doubt I will as well. @RoyBlunt needs to go. He's been a bane to this state for far too long.
your constituents are not happy and your rubber stamp on trump's picks won't be forgotten.
WE DON'T WANT HIM, MO is watching...2156 days left or less #LastTermBlunt #ImpeachBlunt
Shame on you! The words of Coretta Scott King aren't an attack on Sessions, they are a matter of history. SHAME
We say no & you say yes. Do you consider our calls? Our input? You work for your constituents not the GOP #voteno
I may be anonymous here,but I have a platform and I will do all I can to see you out of office in MO.Disgraceful
how will this old tweet effect your current investigation into ties with Russia?  It has me very concerned you won't be objective.
You're an embarrassment to MO. #TRUMPsycophant #LastTerm
do you even read your tweets?? Obviously not. You're a pathetic representative of Missouri. Long memory here!
just another career politician who doesn't listen to his constituents. I'll be voting you out next time!

You would not respect Obama's choice 4 Supreme Court.
By silencing Sen Warren, your regime only fanned the flames.  Remember, sometimes a gag is the best megaphone.
So a racist is a good friend & trusted colleague That's good to know when your up for election VOTE NO 63755 zip
Let's get him out sooner
We must organize & take action now...#RecallBlunt  #LastTermBlunt
Trusted by whom?  The KKK and white nationalists?

Good friend to you but not to the regular people.
are you deaf? Just because he's a "good friend" doesn't mean he's right for the job. Do better. Listen to us.
I'm not surprised you're friends with a notorious racist. History will not remember you kindly for this.
Start thinking for the people of MO.  I no longer trust anything you do or say.
good fiend and trusted racist? 
Can't say I expected better then that from you
You should be ashamed of your vote to silence @SenWarren from reading Coretta Scott King's words.
Did @SenatorSessions line your pockets like @BetsyDeVos did? It's very clear you can be bought.
NOT proud to have you as our senator. You didn't learn these values in MO. #DCinsider #forgotwhereyoucamefrom
Proud to support @SenWarren. She *will* persist. #letlizspeak @RoyBlunt @SenatorSessions
Of course you are, birds of feather. Schedule a MO town hall and we'll see if you can sing the same tune.
Not!
This constituent asks you to vote NO. I don't care if he is your friend. 63127
the welfare of the American public should outweigh good friend and colleague.  What's right for America?
LIAR!! You don't represent Missouri and you SOLD your vote, you sold out our kids!!
Nevertheless, she persisted.
RACIST.
I'm ashamed you're our Senator willing to stand up for Senator Sessions.
#Disgraceful Shame on you.  Your constituents ask please vote #NOtoSessions
So are you telling Missouri that you are also a racist.  So sad you didn't listen to your Constituents on DeVos.
To think as an 18 year old I registered Republican. I am done with the lot of you until you listen. Lost my respect and my vote
Sen. Warren attempted to read this letter in the Senate today.
.@RoyBlunt @SenatorSessions listen to the people you represent, and not the people that put money in your pocket
And that's why @JasonKander had my vote, Roy. #racist #kander2022
To clarify, given your support for DeVos & Sessions, who sd kids w/IEPs are irritating, you're pro life...except for *those* kids?
#shame on you Blunt! Just remember, Government should be afraid of the people!

did you vote for DeVos because you liked her zero experience or because you liked her money?
so much for an attorney general who with good cause might oppose el presidente.
and how much has he contributed to you? I'm from Missouri- show me you care about Missouri
BOO! You suck!
Missourians say no to Sessions
You would. Thanks for absolutely nothing, as usual.
You are going to screw us again. Why don't you just come out and say you always worship the men with the money?
You sold your constituents out for a big money donor earlier today. MO doesn't need you anymore.
Let's get him out sooner
#WORSTSENATOREVER
yah, just want to thank you dumping our public schools in the trash, may as well do it for law enforcement too.
How many old white men can you squeeze into that photo op? Embarrassing. From the 63021.
you only support money. You could give a rats ass about the people you are supposed to represent. Dance puppet.
Of course you support a racist, you are all about money and old white guys. #ShowMeSellout
Then maybe don't insult us with any more Black History month posts. Put on the hood already.
"Hi, I'm Roy Blunt. I support racists for AG and incompetent imbeciles for EdSec. I don't know why MO is decades behind."
.   Vote NO to Sessions.
hope he gave you as much money as #devos did. #sellout
Did he also donate to your campaign?
Friendship is not a qualification for a job. Your lack of judgment on these nominations is embarrassing.
didn't vote for you in the last election, and will def give money to whoever runs against you next. You don't represent me.
Let's get him out sooner http://petitions.moveon.org/sign/right-to-recall-missouri?source=c.tw&r_by=15565950 …
you need an upgrade in friends, it seems.
so how much money did @SenatorSessions pay for your vote?
How many calls are your offices receiving asking you to NOT vote for your friends? Maybe you should listen to your constituents.
It's clear that money, not your constituents' will, determines your vote, as it did today. Shame on you!
How much money did DeVos BUY your vote with? #RepublicanShill
just can't seem to distance yourself from the racists, eh? Or the worst cabinet picks of all time.
BFFs bonded over their common racist views and good old boy attitude #NoSessions
at least be honest...You support him because Trump regime told you to. Your character lost all value. #DeVosvote
How can you support a man that has a record of supporting racist, sexist, anti-LGBT, anti-environment policies?
His record “raises serious questions about his commitment to [protecting] the voting rights of all American citizens." - C.S. King
both of you are despicable and have no place in public service. Did Sessions pay you off too?  #shame
Missouri voters really screwed up! You are the Republicans' 'yes man', aren't ya Blunt?! Character should matter!
Missouri voter here. Why don't you listen to your constituents! You are screwing us!
so the Constitution should be strictly interpreted, word for word is what you are saying...
idiots doing idiot things because they're idiots. Congratulations Senator. Birds of a feather...
Nothing to be proud about there, but, if you weren't so corrupt you'd know that #draintheswamp
Can't put a price on friendship...unless you're @RoyBlunt. @SenatorSessions #Resist #EnjoyYourLastTerm #BoughtAndPaidFor
So embarrassed that you represent me. Could not be more displeased with him and DeVos and you.
what about the senators views on our rights? He won't stand for them!
#naral Defends Trump grabbing women inappropriately.  Not good for women, not good for families
Disgusting.
History of racism, voted against Violence Against Women Act, imprison doctors performing abortions #naral
- Shocker...must be nice to buy and sell friendships so easily. Are you friends with the Teachers Union?
Bad optics...where are the minorities and women in this photo?
Fortunately MO has one senator who works to represent her constituents.  Hey, Roy...any town halls scheduled yet??
I would love to know about your next townhall as well.  You don't seem to be able to hear us very well while in DC
How much money did he give you for this statement, Senator? Hopefully more than the paltry $33K DeVos bought you for.
I'm so disappointed in you as my senator.  I would tell you not to vote for sessions, but I assume he paid u 2
I think sessions will do a great job! We need to stop BLM and put #LawandOrder back in our country
so you didn't get paid to vote for Sessions like DeVos?  This is just a friendly support of white nationalism?
Sessions is the wrong choice for AG. We need an independent DoJ.
US Senator pretends black, Muslim constituents don't exist, supports anti-civil rights hack for US AG.
I think @Twitter needs a dislike button like @facebook
I will vote against you in the next election
..And every one I know
Oh man! Did @SenatorSessions cut you a $30k check too? Getting that money!!!! 
Your pride is of no value to me. You betray your constituents by confirming a racist vote suppressor.
you know he is wrong just like DeVos...shame
Our family says NO to the racist Jeff Sessions. His record on protecting the American people is pathetic.
Senator Sessions will likely only focus on Trump priorities, not American values that need protection.
Koch bros and SW MO $$$$ gave him their approval, hunh?
FRIENDS?  okay then.  NO on Sessions.
Time to get this DONE Sen Blunt the coup plotters are creating havoc 
Why do you support racism?
now you're FRIENDS with Sessions?!? MO deserves better than this. #RecallBlunt
Let's get him out sooner
You should be ashamed to associate with corrupt racist people. This reflects on you & we won't forget.
he's a racist. Congrats on another bad decision.
yet another example of your poor leadership, just like your vote for @BetsyDeVos and her bears. #resist
Because supporting an outright RACIST makes you feel more like a man?
