I guess you forgot the part where Obama told GOP on day 3 that he wasn't going to work with them.
I notice a bunch of ProgLeftists liked your comment. You fools stick together to guard selves from truth.
Cite the problems with Jeff Sessions.
That's citing ProgLeft propaganda. Cite an example of Sessions "racism."
You would know why if you bothered to have a town hall! Stop hiding!
No argument against Sessions held water. It was pure political obstructionism.
We didn't get to hear the argument against him because they silenced Warren!
If you never heard an argument, then how did you draw the conclusion?
Because I did research? He has a history of racism and voter suppression! That is deeply worrying!
Cite Session's history of voter suppression and racism.
Get a life...and go tweet somewhere else.
Like I said, I'm familiar with the lies. Tell me one truth, in context, showing him truly racist.
Hey @MerriamWebster looks like @RoyBlunt needs the definition of “unprecedented”.
As President Trump moves to fill his Cabinet, Senate Democrats continue to engage in an unprecedented level of obstruction. 
@kroe01 @MerriamWebster @RoyBlunt Cite the cabinet delay precedents that you imply exist.
Well for one, it took 161 days to confirm Loretta Lynch for no good reason other than politics.
After Holder's crappy term, GOP was wary of Lynch. She proved they were right to be - she was bad too
and you republicans are trying to screw Trump over. we're pissed with senate republicans. Grow a dam spine!
I agree. It's getting old. Some republicans are as bad as democ"rats".
Unfortunately almost all democrats are communists. John Kennedy wouldn't be welcomed in the dem party today.
@jeep_sifu I'm sick and tired of this. When is the interest of the country going to supersede this political nonsense? A disaster?
Unfortunately, that's what it will take.
WOW!  Either you are suffering from dementia or you think your constituents are grossly uninformed and won't see the hypocrisy.
You might want to look up the definition of "unprecedented".
REALLY? You & @SenateGOP did this EXACT thing for 8 years. Enjoy your last term and that money you get from lobbyists. You're done
It's not obstruction. It's taking the time to "vet" the candidates.  We are seeing what happens when we don't "do our homework."
You barely beat Kander. Missourians are now woke and politically active. We will help you retire early.
unprecedented nominations require an unprecedented "wall".
Dude, you know this isn't unprecedented.
.@RoyBlunt I have this vague recollection of the #GOP refusing to confirm a Supreme Court Justice, oh, and shutting down the federal gov't
Unprecedented. No. It's just that anything you can do We (Democrats) can do better.
And as a Republican senator, I'm sure you can spot unprecedented obstruction from miles away. Your whining falls on deaf ears.
lol unprecedented? Were you in a coma the last eight years? Your party stole a supreme Court nomination!
do you people listen to yourselves? If you repeat a lie often enough you think people believe it.
I think you have a little something on your cheek, I think it's egg He has picked people that do not represent what's best for USA
Yada, yada, yada!!  When Trump chooses qualified individuals and not billionaires, maybe his choices will be supported
The republicans set the bar for obstruction during Obama's years. Please. You embarrass yourself with that hypocritical statement.
FFS can't you just call for a vote already????? if they boycott too damned bad for them, get it DONE!
Respectfully, sir, dissent is not obstruction. Investigate @POTUS -Flynn-Putin and dinner-theatre style security briefing, now.
: as a former Missourian (and still a staunch Tigers fan) - I would not qualify this as obstruction, rather concern for democracy
or as we like to call it.  Due diligence.  We will never stop watching out for improperly vetted candidates.  SHAME!
Clearly, Sir, you know this to be false. It's just absurdly inaccurate. Let's return to statesmanship and the truth.
also, i live in MO & would love for you to host a town hall literally anywhere in the state. I can drive to you.
message me when he does!! I'll get buses!!
you mean like the same way Republicans did? You all need to grow up and learn to work together. For the American People!
The cabinet choices are terrible, that's why. Really Jeff Sessions?? OMG - he is the worst choice ever.
.@RoyBlunt - based on his judgement call re: personnel thus far, can you still claim this isn't warranted?
Newly elected chicken shit senator that won't even hold a meeting with constituents of Missouri. #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
If you're too scared to meet with your people you are not doing your job. YOURE FIRED!  #ShePersisted
If he shows up, will you be civil and allow him to speak, or will you and others be just more shouting assholes?
I'll listen. I am not a shouting asshole, I'm a concerned American veteran that thinks Russia has found a way in
"unprecedented"... lol.
Patently untrue. Loretta Lynch 161 days. John Bryson 126 days. Thomas Perez 121 days. You represent me. Stop lying.
Merrick Garland levels of obstruction or fill out your ethics Q's levels of obstruction or tax return levels of obstruction?
if you can repeal the affordable care act, then your FREE health care should be repealed and refunded to the people of missouri
if you feel the gop are doing an outstanding job, what's so bad about informing that to your state's residents?
if you get free health care, 6 wks paid vac. shouldn't the rest of us deserve the same?
don't you think it's hypocritical that all elected officials get FREE gov't run health care and the taxpayer foots the dime?
and which party keeps getting accosted @ town halls across the nation?  DO YOUR JOB!  have you gone to any town hall meetings?
what!!!  who are all the blinded trump sheep that keep voting for these INCOMPETENT people to uphold gov't positions?
Don't help them obstruct with "in depth" investigations over nothing.  You people are stalling to stop tax relief and reform.
maybe the Dems have a point.  Trump's National Security Advisor was asked to resign due to "trust" issues after a mere 3 weeks.
use a lie detector to get the truth out of trump and his minions.impeach trump.
And, as you can see today, there's a reason for that.
. This is certainly not an unprecedented level of obstruction. Flynn links must be followed. Corruption is rampant. Investigate!
Looks like you are part of the problem too Roy!
Dems learned from the best.  Republicans honed the strategy. It's ready to be used by the #resistance
you should focus on investigating Russia and Trump admin. Something foul is at hand
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_federal_government_shutdown_of_2013?wprov=sfla1 …
thank you Senator Blunt for calling for an investigation. This is well beyond politics!
Oh come on! We all know  GOP obstructed for 8yrs. Where is our SCOTU pick? Gop blocked. Now, stand up 2 Russia/Trump investigate!
Ahahaha! Oh, it's precedented all right. How's about the last 8 years? How soon - and conveniently! - they forget.
Seriously? Do you really think having Russian controlled gov is ok?
@CNN @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @occupystlouis @maddow @CNBC
It's a good thing considering the traitors you all are good with and have been. WHERE is your love of country, in your pocket too!
So you don't think a GOP  leader literally saying that their only job is to ensure Obama is a one term president even compares?
OMG, the irony.  And he says it with a straight face.  Watch your back, Missouri.
Who else, in the list of obstructed nominees, is meeting with the Russians? Looks like we don't have enough obstruction.
That word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
We demand a bipartisan investigation immediately into Flynn/Trump Russian ties and loyalty to Putin. Retweet, call your Senators.
from a party that never voted on Pres. Obama's SCOTUS nominee. Hypocritical much?
Thank you! What a lovely compliment!
That's because Trump is bringing in people like Flynn, DeVos, etc.  Put your country before your party, sir.
Gee, maybe they wanted to not a con man with ties to RUSSIA filling the WH with traitors.
Flynn ought to tell u that much more 'obstruction' not a bad idea 4 ALL of Trumpolini's 'moves,' some of which border on treason.
@SenateDems are doing so because their constituents are telling them to, by the millions, and they are serving those constituents.
Unprecedented level of obstruction? Really? After eight years of R block and obstruct? The height of hypocrisy.
good! They are unqualified and corrupt!
you mean like you did for Obama? None of these nominees is qualified. They are there to dismantle the very agencies they head
Do you know what unprecedented means? Unreal.
#DoYourJob
you're mistaking obstruction with patriotism.  Country before party.
You mean the same way the Republicans did for @BarackObama @Scotus nominee? #paybackisabitch #howdoesitfeel #winteriscoming
because the people are speaking to them, and they are actually listening, the president is in bed with Russians, wake up.
host a town hall meeting. When? We are waiting Why won't you? Your constituents want a face to face.  tell us when.
town hall in MO!!!!
Because there is unprecedented lack of qualified nominees, but ridiculous percentage of Wall Streeters.
Seriously? Unprecedented? Well...that's the pot calling the kettle black.
If GOP hadn't take some much time off ? Vote no on Steve Mnuchin Missouri pays your check think about your vote  town hall?
Oh! Like McConnell and Company did over the past 8 years with @POTUS44! #YouTaughtThemWell
hey Roy where are you? you all checking out this Mikie Flynn and Russia stuff or will you continue to just say nothing?
unprecedented???  Really??   How about a town hall so we can discuss it.  Name the place and time!
http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-russia-ties-michael-flynn-dossier-2017-2 …

https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/02/michael-flynns-disaster/516285/ …

Maybe we should take the town hall to him? Organize a bus?
8 years. EIGHT YEARS. Obstruction during the worst economic crisis since the depression. Shame on Republicans & Shame on YOU.
when is our town hall? You are not representing what is best for our country. Enjoy your last term in office. #spineless #StLouis
Oh please. This is NOT unprecedented. Listen to the people of #Missouri and you would understand. You are not doing your job!
just spoke to your office, why no #BluntTownHall scheduled yet? Stop hiding in DC, your constituents want to talk to you
when is your next town hall? I would assume that you want to hear from your constituents.
You're ok with him using the PM of Japan to promote his resort?
Are we ok w this? Trump is a part-time occupant of Oval Office & keeps his part-time weekend gig as a wedding MC 
Democrats are engaging in democracy. It may behoove you to listen to your constituents; it's your fucking job.
You're kidding right?  Investigate your President fully or you are complicit in the collusion.  He needs a psych evaluation too!
you should be too! Represent the wishes of your constituents. You votes for DeVos. Shame on you! #holdthefloor
I respectfully disagree. Republicans much more obstructionist. Quit lying.
unprecedented like y'all didn't spend 8 years blocking Obama. Like y'all didn't confirm a moderate justice that was legally picked
Still spewing false dialogue I can see. You are the exact type of politician that they warn us about. Bought and paid for!
I'm conservative, and was appalled to see you confirm Betsy DeVos. Obstructionist to appoint a clearly unsuited candidate.
Why won't you have a town hall meeting with the people that elected you? If you have nothing to be worried about than face us.
The  Democrats are doing what they learned from the Republicans during the Obama administration. Your party taught them well
your support of a corrupt regime will not be forgotten by us or history
Yeah?  What do call your year long refusal to confirm Merrick Garland?
Hello @RoyBlunt we're still waiting for a #BluntTownHall we're concerned about your recent conduct in the Senate
maybe if any of them had a lick of experience, or not want to destroy what they are in charge of, it would happen.  #RESISTANCE
Hahaha, unprecedented! Let's discuss this at a TOWN HALL.
I wish you would obstruct a known racist. Guess you don't care about your constituents?
like refusing to confirm the supreme court nominee?
do a townhall find out how Missourians really feel get out your D.C. House and listen to Missourians !
get with Missourians  trump needs to be impeached!
Merrick Garland
Repub obstruction of Hilda Solis for Sec'y of Labor included secret hold by an anon member of Senate. Voted into office Feb 24 '09
Chuck Hagel faced extremely hostile Repub Senators Jan-Feb 2013 for Sec'y of Defense. Successful filibuster against him and all.
Loretta Lynch became Attorney General after "record long delay" by Repubs on Apr 23, 2015
It took 2 full months in 2013 from nom to confirmation for Sally Jewell to become Sec'y of Interior. Without any controversy even!
Fmr Sec'y of Commerce John Bryson dealt with 6 month process in 2011 during which Sen. Inhofe (R) issued a Senatorial Hold.
Senate Repubs filibustered Thomas Perez nom for Sec'y of Labor Mar-Jul 2013. Confirmation came with an "historic" party line vote
Gina McCarthy's 2013 EPA nom delayed by Senate Repubs for what was widely seen as "hurt feelings" over losing Pres election
And please don't think we've forgotten the ultimate in obstruction: Merrick Garland's nom for Supreme Court.
Almost every other state has town hall meeting planned -- where is ours?
what a completely HYPOCRITICAL statement given the 100% level of road-blocking the GOP engaged in over the last 8 years
Still haven't heard back from you or your office - when is your next town hall meeting?
It's not obstruction it's  protecting our democracy and it's fundamentally American.
we should all excessively tweet #BluntTownHall at him and retweet until he responds, this is getting ridiculous
You are a hypocrite with a poor memory. Do a town hall and stand up for yourself. Get off Twitter.
weak & unresponsive "senator" refuses to face or represent MO interests. Republican brand, totally trashed. incompetent, w/o honor
Unlike how quickly the GOP moved on Merrick Garland...  How Blunt do you think people are?
Is this a joke Roy? Republicans wrote the book on congressional obstruction. Have you already forgotten about Merrick Garland?
.@RoyBlunt It's legal to obstruct. It's moral and righteous to hold to conviction for education, civil rights and safety. #YouWorkForUs.
when do we get a town hall? Enough hiding. You work for us.
You are so right senator. No Republican would do that. When are you coming to Kansas City to enlighten us? We miss you.
well ain't that fresh coming from the party of no position except obstruction for 8 years.
Town Hall please. I think you have some questions to answer from everyone from both sides! Or we can call
@clairecmc keep obstructing! the USA citizens depend on the democratics who believe in the constitution
Unprecedented? I suggest you watch old C-Span videos from the Obama years. We're not all stupid.
.@RoyBlunt Your constituents are asking for a town hall. You can't hide forever. #weseeyou
Sen. Blunt be aware Pres. DJT has put all congress under the public microscope. Your endorsement lock step endorsement may bite.
You mean like the way you helped obstruct even a discussion of Merrick Garland as supreme court justice?
learn to play nice with them.
Actually I think it's precedented by you in the last 8 years.  If you know what precedented even means.
I will give my money and work tirelessly for this to be your last term as senior from the great state of Missouri.
Merrick. Garland.
don't forget about the Supreme Court seat Republicans left open for nearly a year. We haven't.
Why are you letting Sessions say that crime rate is up when it is NOT.  Stop telling these lies. Tell the truth!!!
Hey Roy Boy...just giving back some of what was handed to President Obama.
#MerrickGarland
Whereas you and yours eagerly help a prez who shows more warmth for Russia than the cherished institutions of his own nation.
.@RoyBlunt good. The only problem with this is we didn't do it in November.
so we shouldn't question the people at the top?? WRONG. GOP was just as bad with obama. Ppl are tired of the lies.
Hi Senator, I'd love to discuss it with you at a #TownHall however you seem to not have one set up... please get on that
Unprecidented?????  What about Garland?CHILLING disregard for Americans by blowing off Advise and Consent. #Gorsuch
Because the cabinet heads are unqualified.
For the past 8 years the republican party has done nothing but obstruct anything and everything. Grow up and do something right.
Worry less about defending Trump's ridiculous cabinet and more about working for Missourians.
Hypocritical much? I wonder where they could have learned such tactics?
How many of your constituents are in favor of you standing behind the atrocity/horror of this current administration? #listenup
no vetting cooperation + public records of working against the very agencies they will lead=#RUkiddingme
Missouri says it is ready for a "Town Hall" with YOU. Don't keep MO waiting!
Let me guess. You don't want a discussion. You just want to shout him down. You should've fixed the schools.
Shout him down? No way. I want him REPLACED!!
Mimmicking Republican conduct from 2016, perhaps? Quit your Trumpian wining and get to work.
it's not as bad as what congressional republicans did SHUTTING DOWN THE GOVT or BLOCKING MERRICK GARLAND. Come on puhleaaaaaaseeee
and you are not listening to your MO citizens
Your constituents are requesting a town hall, not this bullshit.
Did you really just claim "unprecedented obstruction" on the part of Senate Democrats?
they are just trying to match what the @GOP did for the last few years.  Don't play the victim, sir.  #scotus #10percentapproval
unprecedented? See: Merrick Garland
Cabinets of 41, 43 & 44 took until March and April. What's today's date? Stop regurgitating #AlternativeFacts.
8 yrs is unprecedented obstruction. You accepting $30k contribution & voting to confirm DeVos looks like she bought your vote.
unprecedented? Reeeeeaaaaallly?! #unpresidented =your leader
you mean like not voting on President Obama's nomination for the Supreme Court for 10 months!
We'd be happy to discuss obstruction at a town hall meeting. But you're a coward, so...
im so glad I never voted for you. Too bad so many other people in MO have been fooled by you
I believe your Fuhrer prefers it spelled "unpresidented."
Someone has to stop you! #hypocritemuch?
“unprecedented"
@MissouriGOP how about a town hall to discuss Democrat obstruction?
.@RoyBlunt @MissouriGOP @realDonaldTrump has picked some spectacularly unqualified people to fill his cabinet. It's unAmerican not to resist
will not have a town hall might. He will continue to suck up to trump. It's all about him getting money. He's scared to meet us.
you would know what obstruction looks like since you and other republicans did the same thing
Get off your high horse ROY! You aren't holier than thou! You did the same thing to @POTUS44 every time. Learn to take it!
Unprecedented?  Surely you jest.
and let's not forget you voted to shut Elizabeth Warren up the other night. Shame on you.
Sound familiar? It's what the GOP did for the last 8 years. Start listening to your constituents or you will be obsolete.
do you tweet anything that hasn't been approved by GOP? Or are you not allowed to?
#STFU
I think you should look up the definition of unprecedented
I am thinking that the Republicans who refused to even consider Obama's supreme court justice nominee set the "precedent".
if that's not the pot calling the kettle black. Cmon Senator u guys wrote the book on obstruction. By all means keep it up. #2018
not any more obstruction than what you and your party subjected the Obama admin to. Payback is hell.
If both sides of the aisle could work together to represent their constituents instead of their own agendas this wouldn't happen.
you sure this is unprecedented?  I seem recall 6 years of it from your party...
You're out here acting like Missourians forgot all about your stunt with Merrick Garland. #dobetter
for the 100th time, it's because these nominees are UNQUALIFIED. Maybe consider standing up for people instead of your party!
