I'm a constituent of yours from Lake St. Louis MO. I'm opposed to this.
we have better ways of securing energy than with pipelines.  We need to redirect our focus to clean energy.
Jesus wept.
#NoDAPL #NoKeystoneXL Solar and wind energy = the smarter cleaner solution.
This is a load of CRAP! Trump's 3.8 billion dollar investment proves it. And yes, if it makes any difference, I AM a constituent
Are you aware that this pipeline takes oil from Canada to the gulf and on to China? This is not oil for the U.S.
No it doesn't.It equals @POTUS lining his own pockets& possible poisoning of our water sources from oil leaks. #notworthit
I do not see one person in your replies that thinks this is good the ones that do think its a good deal must not have tweeter
American jobs temporarily & then only 35 perm positions. Plus-where will they live once the planet is destroyed? #NoDAPL #NoKXL
No, @RoyBlunt, pipelines don't mean security. Not a question of "if" but "when" a leak will contaminate MO River (your constituents drink).
Q1. With 72,000 miles of pipeline already in place, why do we need another one?
no, sir. It = temporary jobs, very few long term jobs and high likelihood of damage to water supply/environment.
Supporting alternative energy has proven to increase number of jobs now and in the future!
Standing Rock is a travesty. @POTUS still has an interest in The DAPL. I say NO, NO, NO,
jobs are temporary, environmental damage is forever.
*Temporary* jobs and only 35 permanent jobs in Canada...  this does not sound you have our country's best interest in mind.
Q2. KCMO gets their water supply from the MO River. Will you work on an emergency plan should the line rupture?
I disagree with every executive order &bill T@&$p has signed. Killing Missourians by repealing ACA
and raping the land. Sad!
Respect #NativeRights Right to life MUST extend past fetuses, you hypocrite.
Are you aware that they only bring about 40 full time jobs per pipeline after they are built?
Compliment: Hannah in your DC office is polite and helpful.
Q3. Oklahoma oil booms/busts show oil is a fickle business. Do you have other job creation strategies?
More alternative facts Roy.  How long before we see your name in the headlines with the word lie!
Glad corporations are more important to you then clean drinking water. #NoDAPL
Who cares about jobs when you are destroying the environment? We all live here. Shame on you. Typical crooked, coward politician.
You can drink oil if you want. I want clean water! All you care about is the money.
- WRONG!
And please be aware that the doomsday clock has been moved up 30 seconds due to our new president.
Mr. Trump owns stock in the pipeline builders, right? Please investigate.  I hope you don't have $$ interest in this also.
more personal profits for @POTUS and less clean drinking water for Americans #KeystoneXL
that will last what two years that doesn't even take you to the next election
Short-term thinking. A strong American future = being a leader in renewable energy & reducing carbon emissions. #indivisible
.@RoyBlunt The oil's being sold overseas - how does that create energy security? #keystonexl
No.  No. No.  This Missouri voter says no.
No - it amounts to more $ in the pockets of investors, but that's about it. #alternativefacts
You are a traitor to your country and your species.
A State Department study projects only 35 permanent jobs in pipeline maintenance and inspection.
you want another Flint MI? What if we put this in your backyard? Think about others rather than yourself.
no Roy. We don't want this. How about you look ahead to our energy future?
not enough jobs to recommend poisoning our drinking water.
And when it breaks, Missourians downstream will be forced to like Flint MI citizens - daily rationed bottled water #NoDAPL #Flint
your constituents do not support this. Temporary jobs at best and STEALING LAND.
how many jobs could be created if that money was spent on finding renewable energy that was not harmful?
NO WAY. Please, Senator-- do what's right for your state and your constituency. BLOCK Keystone, BLOCK the DAPL, SUPPORT AMERICA.
Disagree. Need to look to the future and clean energy.
really?  Enjoy that fuel when the planet burns up because you didn't focus on decreasing energy dependency on fossil fuels.
Temporary jobs and permeant environmental damage? No thanks. I can't drink oil. #NoKXL #NoDAPL #WaterIsLife
Temporary Jobs and more money for the oil guys, And more for the politicians in DC.
Renewable energy resources & new infrastructure & innovation to support alternative clean energy can bring jobs & $$$ to Missouri
Pipelines are temporary jobs and harmful to our environment. We need more jobs in environment sustainability and renewable energy.
You forgot the word "temporary" before jobs. Also, reliance on fossil fuel does not equal safer energy. Doesn't wash.
. @RoyBlunt this is not in your State or Country's best interest. We voted you in. Please hear us call for you to oppose these policies
and helps President Trump's old friends. Ridiculous.  When will you ever take a stand?
In the extremely short term, yes. But what about the longer term damage to our country? Can you try to put country first?
Extremely disappointed in this, Senator. Lets put the pipeline through YOUR backyard! Have you no respect?
Bullshit!
and when there is no clean water left we will all be happy with our bank accounts because of our great jobs
No No No Roy. This is not in anyone's best interest. This is about money for some. Sad. You are bought and sold Roy. Sad. So Sad.
Please Sen Blunt, explain to me how this is a better deal for jobs and security when you consider its impact to the environment.
so an all of the above energy policy still includes wind/solar? Will you stand up for alt. energy sources & the jobs they created?
_Very_ few permanent jobs, and higher gasoline prices for the US as additional oil & refined gas are sold to other countries.
#KeystoneXL = risk to America's health and safety for more energy security in Canada #NoKXL
#Orwellian
#CanadaFirst
It's a CANADIAN company that gets most of the profit. I mean, this is dumb on dumb.

