His "stamp on government" is a disgrace and you all know it.  Keep standing by complicit in all this - history will remember.
as long as it's legal and made with good judgement. I no longer trust yours.
funny, so many repubs cheat on their wives...that's immoral, right?  ok, so how about banning all of you who do it?
and if i'm wrong, then prove it and go to a town hall meeting and convince everyone you're doing a good job.
TOWN HALL.
Dude.  It's over.  Do you really want to go down with this burning, mold-infested, orange ship?  #IMPEACH
Except for Obama. Hmm.
You aret a joke, the GOP did not even beleive Obama was an American citizen.  How do you liars and back stabbers sleep
I am from Missouri.  We need an investigation into this administration.  "We the people" are fed up already.  WH is in disarray!
I believe u have been fed up since she lost, right. Suk it to 2020 and then for 12 more.
Presidents prior to our current POTUS respected the office and our 3 branches of govt.
Exactly!!!!
Where was that commitment to confirming nominees when president @BarackObama tried to fill the Supreme Court vacancy?
How can you say you support Missouri and continue to support this man who stands against everything we want for our country??
you do know what the statue of liberty stands for right?  i say we vote all repubs out of office...you all are toxic!
but not Obama right?
how many cabinet members left to nominate? Like all citizens we have the right to dissent. I won't hold my breathe for a response.
True statement. But you, my rep., have a moral obligation to protect the public from POTUS who has no idea of constitutionalality.
So why did the Republicans deny Pres. Obama a hearing for his Supreme Court nominee?
is that what you call it? All u care @ is that there is a GOP pres. Don't care if he's competent, ethical or colluding w/Russia.
The stamp of authoritarianism, racism, and lies? No thanks.
the envelope came back - insufficient postage - return to sender - bankrupt.
and p.s. don't forget to pay the tax.
a stamp of exclusion and racism?? Really?! Cant wait to vote you out too.
Seriously, I will stay in Missouri until the next opportunity to vote against Blunt.
A presidential stamp should be a rubber one, not his feet during a temper tantrum.
The fact is that your loyalty to your donors has made you deaf & blind to the embarrassing way our country's leader is acting.
I am ashamed to be represented by someone as self-absorbed, uncaring, & greedy as you both are. Our country is better than that.
This particular stamp spells out F-A-S-C-I-S-M...
what!!!  you believe that harmless people deserve to be pulled off airplanes because of their religion??
I'm afraid you've lost my vote, Senator. I'm pretty disgusted with the way the GOP has sold its soul for the sake of vengeance.
No Senator Blunt, the President is, as you, a servant to the citizens, his roll is one of leadership & stewardship. #DoYourJob Sir
.@RoyBlunt And we have every right to oppose him every step of the way. That's what democracy is.
Why are you lying about the time it's taking to form his cabinet? Obama's wasn't done until April. #liar #republicanpuppet
Thank you Senator for your loyalty to us, citizens, who believe in a democracy. But are Trump's "every" rights what we need now?
Unfortunately, in too many cases, what he's doing is more like stamping _on_ the government.
wow why don't you kiss #45 butt just a little more. How much did he pay you?
who do you work for? You don't work for the president. You work for us. You better start listening to us.
-sounds dictatorial. Losing confidence in government. Future not so bright
.@RoyBlunt Boo-Hoo! Trump lost pop vote by 3 million votes and nominated a rogue's gallery of dangerous billionaires. #Indivisible

Every citizen has the right to a law abiding government that works for the people, not for their greedy selves.
WRONG Clinton - March 11; GHWBush - March 17; BObama - April 28 #ShutUp and #SitDown #Liar #GoldLegionOfDoom #altfacts
And you had a duty to confirm or deny President Obama's SCOTUS nominee -- but you didn't!  Maybe you should apologize. In public.
Lobbyists may own you,but you work for us! I suggest you remember that sir.
How about you do a town hall and see what your real bosses,the people,actually want!
just curious...what is your line in the sand? What does Trump have to do to make you throw up in your mouth a little?
As eloquent as ever, Roy. Lol please give up your day job!
oh trust me... Trump's stamp is smeared all over this government, and you have helped him every step of the way. #resist
I get the feeling you know this is it for you and you're just saying F it, how much money can I get while I still can #CORRUPTION
it is a real shame that there isn't more love and honor in this country. I am a Proud American but not proud of them
It's time to impeach the 9th circuit judges !!!  They are Going beyond their boundaries! 
Have you ever heard of checks and balances?  Do you know the constitution?
people like Roy and the don are not in it to fix anything, they are just in it for the money.  Get a clue.
You avoid substance like it's the plague. It's not his or your govrnm't to stamp. It's MY govrnm't, you work for ME, a constit'nt.
you are a fraud
stamp maybe, Stomp no way!
there is a big difference between a right and a responsibility. He has failed to act responsibly, and hence where we are.
oh good you're ok! We thought you were missing. Your constituents in MO haven't seen you. When is the town hall?
Even if his stamp is cronyism, corruption, bigotry, and incompetence?
.@RoyBlunt You're right. But it's not ok when that stamp is a combination of leninist politics, dictatorship & irrelevant twitter ramblings.
 maybe unless he's a white supremacist?
Tell that to Judge Garland, who had a right to a hearing and vote. Hypocrite.
and you as a senator have the duty to keep our system of checks and balances functioning.
he does,  but you are consigning his stamp of corruption, incompetence, and ignorance
shame on you !!!!!!
so good to know u r a good sheep. This guy is obviously not stable yet u line up & rubber stamp lies. So proud u represent MO
Are you going to hold a town hall back home or hide out in DC like a coward?
stamp of incompetence?
and the courts have the right to tell him his stamp is unconstitutional and/or unqualified and have #conflictsofinterest
as a voter, like all voters before me, i have every right to get you out of office as soon as possible
except he's hitting the government with a stupid stamp
And the courts, Democrats, and the people have every right to oppose his unlawful policies.
"Put his stamp on" does not mean stamp all over the constitution, as well as lie incessantly.
you will regret backing him one day. Your family will be ashamed just like your Missouri constituents are ashamed of you.
except @realDonaldTrump stamp is that of an autocratic egomaniac with malignant narcissism.
If the nominees are unsuitable (e.g. unqualified or with conflicts of interest), it is your ethical obligation to oppose them.
You mean like a Tramp Stamp?
His stamp by using the three branch system of government, yes.  His scent by hiking one leg, no.
.@RoyBlunt just not Obama and his SCOTUS nominee
Obama's last pick had their vote on April 28th. Clinton- March 11. GH Bush- March 17.
Hypocrisy doesn't look any better on you than it ever has on anyone else. Lie in the bed you made.
LOL, this from another white guy with white hair You're like clones of each other
And we, like all citizens before us, have the right to be heard by our  representatives. When's the town hall? #RUListeningMO
He does not have the right to stamp out democracy
that is the "stamp" he is placing. There is no diversity of race, religion, orientation, or socio-economic status
hey Roy what's up no tweet about the ruling on the ban? My faith has been restored in our judicial system saving the constitution
Trump wants rich white christian men in charge of America.
the government belongs to WE THE PEOPLE, not just one man. BTW, remember how you taught high school history? #RecallBlunt
oh grow up..these people here need to stop crying because Clinton lost..get over it
To bad you don't think like Joe Biden you should not use a Great Man's word you are not worth it you are evil the word
But not to violate the constitution and flaunt ethics laws.
you need to serve as a check on POTUS, not a rubber stamp.
no.
have 45 show us his #taxreturn, then we'll talk. Too bad you don't listen. Shame on you.
But Pres Obama didn't have a right to nominate a SCOTUS judge?
Exactly what I was thinking.
Go home, under your scenario we should let Trump do whatever he wants. You didn't feel this way when you refused to meet MG.
Yeah, I guess the Framers were kidding about checks and balances. Need to borrow my copy of The Federalist?
, I completely agree.
Now grow a pussy and go tell Bannon and Putin to give @realDonaldTrump his stamp back!
his love with Russia & Putin is not a good way to stamp the US government.
As long as that stamp doesn't require America to bend over and cough first. #KeepItRealRoy #DontBeSwampy @youAREtheswamp
The cabinet picks themselves have caused most of the delays w/ ethics issues and slow paperwork submissions. You get that, right?
I don't think he does...
While u r a more eloquent speaker than KellyAnne, ur message is same.  We the people have the right to put our stamp on govt too
and we the people did Trump WON SUCK IT UP BUTTERCUP !
.@RoyBlunt As a proud Missourian I'm ashamed to see you peddle this abject lie.
Don't let 'Murica get a tramp stamp
How about later rather than everyday since in office. I'd be embarrassed to be working for him.
And the minority party have every right to object to unethical and incompetent selections for the good of the country.
can you return the stamp? We didn't want the dictator stamp. We wanted the democracy stamp.
Even if that stamp is a stain on American history.
