You know very well that today we have an economy based consuming things.  On comsuming things no matter where they are made or grown.
That's why our economy runs on credit.
Brain, you know I feel the same way!
Stop making autos in Fenton after McCaskill tore down the Chrysler plants https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU 
Do you even read the replies to your tweets or listen to your constituents?
Also strongest when Missouri's citizens have full, affordable access to health care that serves their needs. Stop trying to take it away.
Then why did you vote to take away regulations that keep our food and water and air safe?
but don't get sick..right Roy..then you are screwed.
1 million jobs lost with ACA repeal. Vote No!
How about a FAKE POTUS that 'makes' his products overseas? Support MO workers instead. #fakepotus
I am glad you are thinking about jobs. Let's move forward into the 21st century with what we make & grow! Check #California.
Senator when 50% of Americans r 2 missed paychecks or 1 injury away from bankruptcy, what ru doing to protect THEIR economy & middle-class?
You know the majority of Missourians do not want to repeal ACA! You made a fake promise for 7 years. We now know there never was a GOP plan.
Senator Blunt: AARP says don't repeal Health Care. Don't mess with @AARP
Roy. Your looking backwards!

Help workers develop cutting edge skills!
Jobs will flow!
& People can't work when sick.
Vote no on Trump Care
You know what's growing? My best friend's brain tumor if you vote for Missourians to die in favor of tax cuts. #NoRepeal #showme
What's best for American families is to not have to worry about going bankrupt if a family member gets sick. Vote no on repeal!
And stop trying to take our healthcare away, Roy!
When we have politicians who care more about their constituents than their party, our country is stronger!  #VoteNo
So you are willing to trash 1/5 of U.S. economy (healthcare) for the sake of you and the rest of the one-percenters?
Shame on you for capitulating to your party and not listening to Missourians when you voted today. Not surprised you don't have the courage.
No, we actually have an economy that favors rich and powerful corporations while skimming from the wages of workers.
But you would rather vote to kick 22 million people off healthcare to give your rich friends a tax cut. Disgusting
Working Families? What about Union families?
#HeroNEEDEDNOW U R safe til 2022.#SaveOurRuralHospitals #ProtectPreExistingConditions, #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NOTaxcut
But @POTUS and his family doesn't make things here. Ivanka makes clothes in China, and Donny Moscow buys his steel there too. Explain.
Roy Blunt you already killed my 4mo old granddaughter cutting needed welfare programs and allowing dirty water I hate you sir
Duh. What an original thought. And 'yes, Sheldon', that's sarcasm.
It would be nice to have a Senator who cared about his constituents and not about his party. That is what is best for Missouri families.
I wish we had a senator focused on his constituents and not blindly following his party. Have a town hall. U work 4 us VOTE NO on ACA!
Roy works only for his benefactors, not his constituents.
What's not growing are dead Missourian children. #NoRepeal #showme #haveaheart
Roy you have an opportunity to redeem your soul. All you have to do is vote no on the GOP healthcare bill. Otherwise straight to hell 4 you.
Why do you want to strip healthcare from millions of people?
My guess is that most people don't have enough money to qualify as real people in Mr. Blunt's world.
What the hell do you know?
What's in the healthcare bill, senator?
You must not vote yes on Trump care. Protect your constituents and your job!
By working families you're referring to your 1%ers who fund your campaigns and buy your support?  Just so everyone is on the same page Roy
You can't make and grow things unless we are healthy I'll know your serious about helping Missouri when you support universal health
the health bill will hurt working families. please vote no
So tell me WHY ARENT REPUBS POINTng OUT THT TRUMP MANUFACTURES ALL HIS GOODS in other countries? No, HE mks jobs for ppl in OTHER countries!
You want to damage 1/6 of our economy proving allegiance to trump over our country. Do you know the # of healthcare / Insurance jobs in MO?
No, on a healthcare bill that no one wants or knows anything about.
@RoyBlunt the healthcare bill needs to die tomorrow. No repeal - no replace. Work together to make ACA successful. Don't support a #Traitor.
When are you going to bring jobs back to America?
Trumpcare: NO
So why are taking away their healthcare?
And yet you are complicit with the outsourcing of production jobs, hypocrite!
Please no more corporate welfare.  This has not worked for Kansas, did not work for Reagan. Protect the working class.
Quite the Tweety bird today! Don't you have a bill to read?
Just as the industrial revolution made cottage business obsolete, so shall Information/ Service make Industrial obsolete.
when kids have healthcare it makes the economy stronger too #KeepKidsCovered
Especially if we don't have to worry about being bankrupted by medical bills!! #NoRepeal #ACA
U know what helps grow businesses?  Health care!  Vote NO Roy stop being a Trump rubber stamp!!
YES!! Your son messed some stuff up then disappeared. 
and we have a government system that focuses on fattening your families pockets. How does a career politician become a multi-millionaire?
Blunt's net worth was 4.4 times more than the average member of Congress and 69% more than the average senator.
U know what's funny. There's a bill being voted on tomorrow. Nobody knows what's in it but I do know you'll vote for it. #repealroy
You might think about having healthy people to make and grow them things. 
Get it done Senator!  We The People have spoken!  #MAGA 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOvmi4Zm-8s&sns=tw … via @youtube
Blunt, man up and quit following the money. You know folk will die if they are not properly insured
You right wingers are on the wrong side helping communism and trump  your patriotism is in question with your silence
I like you!  #MAGA #MADEINAMERICA 
Now #DrainTheSewer!
That's right , not destroying,like our natural resources,our parks ,our national monumenuts,our healthcare,the things repubs are against
In the past it has also been helpful when our senators worked for us, versus their lobbyist.  Roy you made the top 10 list of most corrupt
What about helping those in need.  Need happy healthy people to make that economy work.
But politicians shouldn't force markets to exist, like u#requiring corn for uses like fuel.
saying it does mean working families agree
Even Catholic Nuns agree your health care plan is awful
Know what's also good for working families? HEALTH INSURANCE! Vote NO on Trumpcare!

I'm going to use this pic.
Ok Mr Blunt, how about MAKING the food stamp program better and GROWING the Medicaid program in Missouri...your "home state."
Full repeal of Obamacare NOW!!!!! Tax reform NOW!!!
Bring back pre-existing conditions! Poor black people are getting too damn healthy for my comfort! So happy Medicare is getting gutted, too!
Reasons to support no cuts to Medicaid
That is great,however back to your position on voting on legislation not made public.  That could affect what you just said!  So what is it?
No we don't!  Too many people don't even make livable wages.  Jobs are good but if they only pay min wages people can't live.

We believe government should work for you & for the millions of hard working Americans who just need #ABetterDeal. Here's our plan: 
RINOs are funny. They don't seem to understand the base is sick of them!

Majorities across parties say GOP/President Trump are responsible for any #ACA problems going forward
http://kaiserf.am/2tzk7g1  
An economy that makes things & grows things is a good econony. Workers & their need to have quality health to do that. Vote no to repeal ACA

.@SenatorCollins: GOP health care bill "could lead to insurance plans that really are barely insurance at all." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  

We are ready to improve the healthcare system at any time. But we are not willing to throw tens of millions off their care to fund tax cuts. 

Proud to join Democratic & Republican governors from across the country to call for a new, bipartisan approach to fix our healthcare system. 

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
You know what else would be nice for working MO families?  A Senator who returned to MO and held a town hall, so we could talk to him!

https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/889165601800769537 …
