The issues you raise have nothing to do with nuclear weapons. This decision destroys the credibility of the United States for future deals.
Obama did that when he entered this deal w/o treaty consent of congress. Don't trust a pres who enters into an unconstitutional agreement
That is blatantly false. Negotiating the nuclear treaty was not unconstitutional, nor did it undermine our credibility. This does.
No you are blantantly false. It's not a treaty, it is not binding AND Iran is violating the terms anyway. you don't believe me?ask Germany
Iran did not violate it. If they had,  Trump's own administration would not have recertified it and his advisors would have to decertify.
Would have wanted to decertify.  They are opposed to what he did today.
And they are not opposed. Now congress get a chance to revise it to make it secure for America and actually stop Iran nuc program
And WHY would you be sympathetic to a terrorist human rights abusing regime like Iran? That say a lot about you
Punishing someone who is living up to their requirements doesn't hold them accountable; it shows our unreliability. We're less accountable.
What part of violating the deal do you not understand
If anyone's violating the deal, it's us; Iran is in compliance.
You live in bizzaro world buddy. Ask German intel if you don't believe American intel. They will not allow inspections for ONE violation
Oooohhh... random person on the internet slings insults but not evidence. She must know more than the UN. So convincing. Much gravitas.
Not name calling. Asking you why?
Bizarro. Commie. Un-American.
You rely on insults, not knowledge.
Goodbye.
Agree with you Senator
1.) So where’s your statement on Trump signing an EO that ends insurance subsidy payments? This will harm middle class Missourians that buy
2.)their health insurance! People like me that buy on the individual market because I don’t have insurance through an employer! 20-25% more
3.) each month is a huge difference for me and others! What is wrong with you!!!
Is there anything that says this rate hike is going to occur?
Absolutely rates will increase without the subsidies. Anyone with a subsidy from the ACA lost it immediately.
I still haven't seen any real evidence that it will lead to a rate hike.
Some states like Arkansas has already announced increases Friday over 20%. There is no doubt they will increase in every state.

Great statement thank you
My statement  on American politicians, with 50 years analysis, is that it is IMPOSSIBLE to repair the installed dysfunction of 100 yrs. Evil
I see no positive result from the US standing apart from its world partners on this agreement. @realDonaldTrump has it wrong.
Blah. Blah. Blah.
Guess who benefits greatly if we renege on our deal? Russian oil, comrade!
It's fascinating to me that 99% of the free world thinks that this agreement is a good thing & is working. But the GOP thinks differently.

The Iran Deal neutralises their nuclear programme 
Why don't you just have one statement, "Whatever Trump wants." It will save on time.
Couldn't have said it better! The greed and cowardice of these Republican "servants" is abhorrent. Do they even know for whom they serve?
The Iran project was working 2 deter them from nukes. Now the USA cannot be trusted to keep its word.
We can either deter them from nukes while giving them money, or deter them from nukes while not giving them money.
...but, it was their money! Trump is just pissed cause he couldn't get his tiny hands on it!
Trump doesn't get the money either way. Regardless of where the money originated, why risk it being invested in developing nukes?
Do you enjoy the role of ass puppet? #WorstPresidentEver #LiarInChief #AdolfTwittler
You are a draft dodger and should not talk about things you can't understand.
There goes the Boeing deal.  Well, the Europeans will get it - and keep trading with Iran.
Senator you are a liar, liar pants on fire. Ballistic missiles weren’t included in the nuclear deal.
lets hold congress accountable for wrecking SS. stop the madman with the big ego from doing more damage than already done.
you need to step up to the plate and stop that idiot from working over SS and medicare . congress looted it now you guys want to take more.
These types of comments from our politicians are destroying America’s geopolitical credibility. You sir are a fool to echo this idiocy.
you continue to be an embarrassment to Missouri
This is what Putin wants.
Saudi Arabia is the "leading supporter of terrorism". But they're US allies, so it can't be said, right?
Initially I searched for "I'm with trump stamp" as I thought it could save Roy time. Autocorrect predictably changed that to "I'm with tramp stamp". Eventually I got to"trump tramp stamp". So Roy, you should either get a stamp agreeing with trump or a tattoo on your lower back.
Can't stand that the black guy did it huh?
Translation:  “I am a moron and will follow a f^cking moron to his impeachment “.
Statement for Trump missing deadline to implement Russian sanctions?
Respectfully, sir, where is the statement on the healthcare subsidies being cut that increases my healthcare costs 20%+?
Where is your patriotism? You seem willing to deny Blunt and the bigots the needed funds to furnish a big tax break for the wealthy, ...
I agree. There should never have been any deal with Iran.
Meanwhile PR is still without power, Cali is burning up, but let's focus on the Iranian nuclear deal
You're hopelessly devoted to trump.trump is dismantling stuff he doesn't even understand and you support it. You are complicit.
Save us the headache & heartache. Just post: I will do anything Trump asks me to do. I will continue to ignore what makes sense.
Other nations disagree. The Iran deal was not perfect. But it was better than your no deal. Let's see if the Great Deal Maker can do better.
Booboo follow Trump lose your job
Could you be any more of a kiss-a__. There's no reason to stop the Iran deal unless you want nuclear war you idiot.
Roy all the money from your benefactors will not buy a planet for your children's children to inhabit. You should reconsider your position.
Blood on your hands Roy Blunt. Trump is reckless at best. You should be working on impeachment. Instead you are a shameless shill. Complicit
You are aware that secretary Mattis thinks that this is a BAD idea and will destabilize American security. Please put country before party.
Haven't you fed at the public trough long enough? You have Never worked for the people. Only your party, and your retirement nestegg!
You're corrupt. Follow the money. @RoyBlunt is one of the bad guys.
Trump arrives at a costume party dressed as a penis from the waist up and a potato from the waist down. Tells the host he’s a dick-tater.
I gotta admit, thats pretty funny. Lol.
And as far as your statement on Trumps Iran bullshit announcement: “your opinion sucks as much as his does”!
Fake News Roy
Senator—why not come to St. Louis for a town hall meeting and explain your views on the issues of the day? Help us understand your thinking.
Columbia constituents also want and deserve a face-to-face public meeting. You need to follow @clairecmc 'so lead and hold town halls.
Thank you for your service.
You're the worst
Of course you do. #suckup
Is there anything about this administration that you DON'T support?  Stand up for ALL your constituents!
Shocked you agree with Trump AGAIN...#nooriginalthought #blanksheet #followingnotleading
You have horrid judgment. Good grief. Hopeless.
Just about every word of that is complete and utter nonsense. Partisan hack.
Hmm, seems the rest of the free world doesn't agree. 
Seriously can you think on your own or what Donnie says you repeat.
Obviously you do not understand the "deal" but you do obey your master

You are clearly a typical blood thirsty politician who just wants war after war. When will let the world live in peace?
Senator, the Iran deal was never designed to get rid of the ballistic missiles. Red herring. Support the deal!
You're horrible
Translation: "I agree with Trump on everything, regardless of sanity." Thanks for putting your career first and the voters last, senator.
Laminated rhetoric is getting old.   Israel is a parasite on the American people and puppets like Blunt falls over himself stroking Israel.
Moron leadership.  The US sends $$Billions in weapons and military support to Israel every year to slaughter unarmed indigenous Palestinians
Laminated garbage propaganda written by Israel and handed verbatim to Roy Blunt.  Iran has never owned a nuke while Israel owns several.
Iran was more of an ally to the US than parasitic Israel.  Has Iran's government ever killed Americans outside of the US invasion of the ME?
Blunt is an idiot.  He's a pawn for the pro-Israel lobby in DC and he and his Zionist lobbyist wife and family have earned $$$millions by it
About being accountable, it appears that any and every thing the White House wants is OK with you.   Seriously, does your interns know this?
Toady.
I genuinely can not wait until you are not one of my senators. #VoteThemOut
We always knew you were an ass hole in Missouri now we know you are national ass hole.
What about Russia sanctions what will you do or are they your freinds now?
Your a liar and should have Town hall meetings!
Could you kowtow any harder to this regime? You're giving me serious secondhand embarrassment. 
Ass kisser. When you going too represent Missouri
You have no “guts” to disagree with Trump.  How can I expect you to have the “guts” to stand for Missourians?
WW3 here we come!
You have supported the systematic destruction of America's honor and credibility.  You now have pinned Trump & your stain on all of us.
Pull your tongue out of his asshole Roy
#MAGA
#MAGA #LOCKHIMUP
Please let it be in Leavenworth
Please make similar statements on all actions & tweets of @POTUS.  We deserve transparency, not just messages of support to the @GOP leader.
Here's what another genuine Congressman said - proving you don't know squat!
The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act requires him to show Congress credible evidence of any Iranian violations. He hasn't shown us a thing. https://twitter.com/ABC/status/918885083745992704 …
Here is what a genuine Congressman had to say. A Congressman who works for the people.
Trump has proven he isn’t motivated by a desire to help people — he’s just dead set on dismantling anything President Obama accomplished. 
How can you back Trump when Russia is okay with Iran nuclear deal?
Why would you lie?  Really.  I mean, what’s up with that?  When did that become OK?
Maybe congress will start holding themselves to the same standards they hold pro athletes and late night talk show hosts
Boy you guy are Trumpanzies. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Worst. Senator. Ever! #sad 
"Hi, I am Roy Blunt. I am a liar and defender of the abusive."
Putting America and potentially our EU allies at risk.
You realize you just told the UN that USA can’t be trusted to make agreements right???
He doesn't care. Trump could burn down an orphanage and @RoyBlunt would approve
He approves of military weapons for everyone. When 20 kindergarteners get slaughtered he’s fine with it. He was good with Vegas also.
Oh my God. He was on wrong side and giving them our money....very bad
Oh Mona,you shall be free!!! It was THEIR OWN Money we had frozen!
Knock it off, Senator.
Of course you do. You’re a Trump and NRA bobble head. #NRABloodMoney. #ImpeachTrumpPence #25thAmendment
You are so full of it!!  And spiteful

Whatever Iran does now is exactly what they wld do anyway the moment the deal ended. Do not finance terrorists or kick the can 
You supporting Trump ain't exactly headline news, Roy.
no surprise here, You might as well just make a rubber stamp that says "approved" , this is not leadership its kow towing to the moron
Your support here is going to lead to Iran getting nukes. You don't give a shit about your country or the world. Resign.
so fucking embarrassed by you. No wonder you're too ashamed to hold town halls. Does the GOP have to wait in line to service him #kneepads
Well, it's official: you'll back this maniac even if it leads directly to thermonuclear war.  Congratulations, you are a moral void.
You’re actively trying to create another North Korea.
Of course you do because you are a lobbyist whore.
Whoopie! Let's have a war resulting in the shut-down of the Strait of Hormuz then $20/gallon gas. Your constituents would love you then!
This is so stupid... Our military and trump advisors all said we should keep this in place. This only helps Russia and our enemies.
What do we gain? All generals have said they have not broken agreement & we have already front loaded $.

Seems like a lose for us, again.
Chances are they have been building weapons all long. Just like NK.
Iran is following the agreement, as are all other countries involved. It's only U.S. conservatives who can't be bothered to keep their word.
The US conservatives did never agreed to it. It wasn't their word.
The exact partisan statement I would expect. #nohope
So you're lying right along with @POTUS, right?
