And I think he should be considered right after Garland gets his consideration before the Senate It's only fair Not w "this" @GOP
morpn
Dude. "As the founders intended" is just becoming a dog-whistle for anti-civil rights, isn't it. Do you have any courage?
if you're endorsing him he must be crooked
The Forefathers never envisioned a 2party system with one Party being authoritarians.
liar!
and he should get a hearing as soon as Merrick Garland gets his
.@RoyBlunt @DMRegister How do you know?  Did you ask them?
How did the founders fell about senators preferring donations over the national good?
. Founders believed in dueling, witches, slavery, women as concubines and other dated ideas. Give us a better reason.
If 44's nominee was a no bc it was an election year, 45's is DEFINITELY a no bc of his FBI investigation. #NoBrainer
The founders only intended for land-owning white men to be able to vote and for slavery to be legal. Are those your values too?
well, he is a staunch supporter of Sessions...
A President with troubling Russian ties cannot appoint a supreme court judge. Investigate. Impeach. 
You stole this seat from Garland and you continue to destroy our democracy. Shame on you.
...so f#×$&@* crooked blunt.  Start thinking about your constituents you crook!!!!
Right. Because the founders didn't allow women to vote and sure as hell didn't care about their human rights.
(As my Uncle L.V. from Arkansas used to say) the GOP must be as "happy as a puppy with two peters." Appropriate on so many levels.
Two words. Merrick Garland.
We can not allow a President under FBI investigation to fill a lifetime seat in Supreme Court #SCOTUS #Trumprussia
Come home and ask your constituents about Gorsuch.
You are doing what Trump does.  Change the subject
if he believed his own words he would have required you all to have a hearing for Garland before his
Stop hearing &vote until Trump investigation complete.  Better yet, hold Merrick Garland hearing & vote while waiting. #gorsuch
Agree with almost everyone here.  Pres. Obama had the right and responsibility to name M. Garland. No on Gorsuch.
The only thing he might agree with is John Adams poorly thought #AlienSeditionAct
typo... I think you meant "as corporations intended"
No to Trumpcare.
did you know his mom? Not sure this slick has a clue what the founders intended seems he's  more into what his party wants now!
And you're a terrible senator who ignores his constituents.  If it weren't for Trump, @JasonKander would have destroyed you.
, respectfully, what if I disagree with the premise that the Founder's intent is paramount in interpreting the constitution?
Founders didn't even have telephones, what did they know about how to live in these times? They were rich white guys
you mean he interprets it the way you want him to. No way near how the founders intended. You are a disgrace to MO
Merrick Garland; may that name haunt your dreams
As the authors. The framers were only responsible through Amendment 10.
what about the real nominee, Garland? He never got the hearing he deserved.
Also- you can not interpret what the founders may or may not have intended. That shouldn't be how this works...
if that were the case, I wouldn't have the right to vote. Are you seriously going to stand by your ignorant statement?
or #ConfirmGarland. Would've been the less sleazy thing to have done.
So is Merrick Garland, who is the first nominee y'all should consider, as the founders intended.
Did you really just say that?
If u believe that then u are out of touch with most of your constituents.. and the rest voted u back in sadly
We should not even be considering this man!!! #StolenSeat
No comment on the criminal investigation of POTUS?
Sir - as a female constituent, I strongly disagree with your sentiment.
garland would have also
Yes and I'm sure those founders expected narrow minded folks like yourself to interpret through a 1700's lens
By founders you mean the slave owners?
resign.  You're delusional views of the founders and of Gorsuch's merits show you need to resign.  #StolenSeat
Since 45 will soon be impeached, we are sticking with this line? Come on Senator!
NOPE. No hearing for Merrick Garland!!  No to Gorsuch
VOTE NO FOR SCOTUS; Do your job & rep MO not DC cronies; 2116 days left n term, Townhall NOW!
disagree
if you're in favor of him, then I know he'll take the side of big business over people every time. #StolenSeat
Uh - 45 campaigned on a litmus test and G was chosen by the Heritage Foundation. NOPE - I wouldn't trust a babysitter 45 picked
No he doesn't, he puts religious ideology and corporate interests ahead of normal Americans.
How do you know what the founders intended for 21st century U.S.? The founders were ok with slavery and unequal rights for women.
oh really. And how did they intend? And how do you know ? #GorsuchHearing
if it's not ok to vote on #MerrickGarland during election year, it's not ok to vote on #gorsuch during Trump investigation.
Stolen seat! Merrick Garland was a great nominee but guess what #Stolenseat
The founders intended presidents to be able to pick SCOTUS nominees. You stole this seat from Garland. Shame on you.
it's not appropriate to be considering Trump's SCOTUS nominee while the POTUS and his associates are under investigation.
Almost as great as Merrick Garland. What exactly is your point, Senator?
u and @GOP are very selective about Constitution. What about Obama's selection?
the first nominee was a great nominee
and would easily be confirmed at next vacancy had you not  blocked Merrick Garland and broken our democracy.
