#DACA has nothing to do with border security, and our immigration system isn't broken. Shame on you for continuing to be a puppet of Trump.
TWO PREVIOUSLY DEPORTED CHILD-RAPISTS CAUGHT CROSSING BORDER AGAIN http://www.illegalaliencrimereport.com/rape/two-previously-deported-child-rapists-caught-crossing-border-again/ … … #DACA #Dreamers #DreamAct #DeportThemAll
umm Congress had that responsibility before (just like fixing the ACA) and the GOP majority did NOTHING to correct the issues #Godiswatching
Roy will pay attention if you are a lobbyist with cold hard CASH,otherwise who cares right Roy? 3deferments and your out,oh that's baseball

What if he won't accept wall funding?
Kelly*
How are you helping to save MO kids and young adults who are DACA?  They need you now more than ever! Actions speak louder than words.
I agre in permanently fixing DACA with you. I do not support building a wall. #ReaganGorbach "tear down this wall".  Don't repeat history.
Commonsense solution seemed to be not to end #DACA A lot of words in this statement to not actually say anything.
You're going to hold 800,000 innocents hostage over that insane wall. Nice "Christian" compassion #falseprophet
They do have that, it's call DACA
OUTSTANDING Message, NOW GET TO WORK, You can WRITE a BILL as WELL AS ANYONE! DO IT!  Stop jawboning and get to WORK,
Senator with all due respect, why in gods name do you want to tear families apart
DACA mocks parents like mine who came here legally to work hard, contribute, sponsor others & love USA
Solution cannot be Amnesty
You do not care about Missouri or its workers. You do not care that illegals are a drain on the US and our tax dollars. You are useless!
Blunt has no interest in the dreamers, like Trump he does whatever it takes to stay in office and put money in his pocket. Term Limits!!
It's amazing you can string together that many words in actual sentences that say absolutely nothing.  Coward.
I don't want to hear a damn thing till you're actually helping the Dreamers. Save your border bluster for after you've done something useful
Love your alliteration---"border bluster"
Lay out your plan bud. Tell me your fix. I'm quite interested to know what you have up your sleeves.
Very disappointing to see that even with what's at hand, you're still demonizing LAmer countries fleeing violence by focusing on "the wall".
Pass one off legislation to provide #DREAMERS a path to citizenship. Do NOT tie this to funding for a border wall! #NoWall
"manner in which this program was created..."  Obama did this because Congress refused to act.  Now, do something!
Wow. That says nothing at all. Great statement!
Be direct. Are you going to support the repeal of DACA or not? Because, as a constituent, I hope you have the courage to #DefendDACA.
What about the children from veterans who procreated in foreign lands? You protect Veterans when it suits you and doesn’t hurt @MonsantoCo
ThankU @RoyBlunt 4Getting ThatMajority #Dreamers R contributing members of the USA! @realDonaldTrump @PRSamGilbert @LuetkemeyerB @BradMcLea
You will never get another vote for my family
great!
Remember in 2010 when the DREAM Act came to a vote and you abstained and failed to support it? Coward.
You take the side of illegals every time! I will now help my family in helping whoever primaries youyou do not stand for the constitution!
"now Congress has a responsibility"

Roy, you're part of Congress. *You* have a responsibility, so get to work helping these Americans!
Roy Blunt is a Senator and the Bill will be passed from the Congress to the Senate.
Congress includes the House of Representatives and the Senate. They can also draft legislation, or work with House colleagues to do so.
Blah blah blah whatever potus says you agree with.  You are nothing if not predictable. Always your party first and your voters last.
@clairecmc I really hope that in the next 6 months congress can find a permanent solution for DACA students. #worktogether #DACA
Ur being watched VERY closely on this issue! If u back tRump to kick these fine young ppl out it will likely be the end of ur tenure!
GOP fears damage from Trump’s move on DACA GOP better fear damage from no tax reform and lying for 7 years about repeal 800K vs 62M
Congress needs to come up with a plan to legalize productive law abiding folks who are already in the US because we did not enforce our laws
DACA is the pinnacle of non-enforcement; They receive help that should be reserved for US citizens. #AmericaFirst  http://heritageaction.com/press-releases/ending-daca-constitutional-appropriate/ …
If your statements means anything you will publicly pronounce your support for the bipartisan Dream Act today.
Let's say the wall is built. What about the Canadian border? What about our shorelines? Can we also build a bomb proof roof? #Stupid #Waste$
What a gutless and heartless statement.
how bout you stop referring to them as "they" and talk directly to them like Americans
Appreciate the statement, but what about a specific statement to MO residents who will be affected by DACA repeal? Will you fight for them?
did u vote against their path to citizenship? trump trying to bump up his ratings? these kids have no home to go back to! heartless fool.
Work with the democrats; the president will be on the golf course.
Wow...I can't believe our government is using #DACA immigrants as a platform to build a wall. I am so sicken by this country.
I am all for ending DACA but the ones here need citizenship, this is a good step toward sensible immigration policy.We must have laws
Deporting DACA kids has nothing to do with security. None of them have criminal recs and 9/10 have jobs.
DACA kids don't get public welfare either, so this isn't about $. This is about racism, pure and simple. You're either w/ it or against it.

To target hopeful young strivers who grew up here is wrong, because they’ve done nothing wrong. My statement: http://www.facebook.com/barackobama/ 
Go to work and make it happen. Tax paying citizens are expecting no less. Tired of wasting money on non citizens.
#DefendDACA You must!
As usual, @RoyBlunt statement said nothing of substance. Just like @RoyBlunt and his president. There's nothing of substance there.
Senator, I am in complete agreement that we need to do right by #dreamers. I hope to see your voting record reflect this statement.
Wear your maga hat to congress or a white pointy one
Milk toast statement, if that.  Good gravey, what a bore.   I seen mice more decisive !
#DACA is the American way. don't tie #DACA to that damn wall
This is your statement?  Sad!
39 likes and 104 statements saying that DACA should not be rescinded. Think about it!
I mean, maybe you could have helped form legislation in the YEARS before now? 

Stop giving your buds tax breaks & do some good.
You're pathetic. How you won reelection is beyond me. How do you sleep at night knowing you only care about your rich donors' wallets?
you get an "a" for wishy washy. #DefendDACA you can change this. do it.
Don't let facts get in the way of your politics, Roy! Did you know Obama admin increased spending on border while you & colleagues did nada?
Does the "solution" include "the Wall" that we were promised Mexico would pay for?
Weak statement
So what did you really say except the program was illegal and not that you didnt do your job in the first place?   What about MO bus & ppl
Choose a position. That statement is just an attempt to play to both sides.
Asskissing, brown nosing worthless politician.  You are what makes Missouri bad
Would love to see you talk more about your #DACA position at a #townhall. Please schedule one asap.
Hi, my name is Abby Schubach and I just left you a voicemail. Please take the time to listen and have a heart.
Roy, it's simple: citizenship for dreamers, no wall, no tax cuts for wealthy, Medicare for all, protect environment, hold a town hall.
What the hell does border security have to do with people who are here, working, starting business, and going to college? Legalize them.
Roy, you're the former schoolteacher who found Betsy DeVos adequate to be sec of ed. You have no room to sit on the fence like this.
Dreamers apply every 2 yrs. They are not criminals. Many only know the US as home. Do the right thing. #DACA
SO which is it?  Do you stand with #DACA, or against it?
What are you doing, in terms of actual tangible results that you can be held accountable for, in light of a lack of a real president?
This is so wrong.
So basically you're ok with #DACA but don't have the balls to fully say it since @realDonaldTrump has a grasp of them.  Pathetic! Sad!
The only statement we want. Is about Trump's impeachment before he starts WWIII to distract from the Russian investigation.
Pls fix #daca make it a priority!
Translation: Throw them out.

The dreamers deserve better than that BULLSHIT JBSessions sputtered.
I don't consider this a statement Mr. Blunt, this is just a snippet of news. What's your position on #DACA? What's your position on anything
You don't support the Dreamers because they don't have a legislative lobby that has given you money! No money should be allocated for wall!
Don't you mean spineless non-statement?
Do you support the DREAM Act that Sens. Durbin and Graham introduced last month?
I know you don't care what a measly voter thinks, but PLEASE GROW A SPINE! He lost the popular vote & you could too next time #fakesenator
They are Americans, Don't attach it to Trumps stupid wall! America can't afford to pay for it! It's clear Mexico isn't paying for it
If your first paragraph is true, time to support and pass the DREAM act with your colleagues in Congress. Hop off the fence and be a leader!
Don't sit on a hot rock waiting for that to happen.
Sorry @RoyBlunt, you are not excused from not passing the DREAMer act when Barack Obama was our President. Do it NOW! #ImpeachTrump #NoWall
You can always be counted on to tow the line Senator. What exactly does DACA have to do with border security? You're a follower not a leader
Don't hurt yourself straddling that post Roy. Your constituents would love to tell their opinion if only u would hold a town hall & listen.
Wow.  Another typical Blunt non-pronouncement...
"Senator Ambien"
Sorry, Roy. You voted NO on the bipartisan bill that did this and more in 2013 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Border_Security,_Economic_Opportunity,_and_Immigration_Modernization_Act_of_2013 …
With all due respect (and in this case you're not due much) SCREW THAT WALL! Brick, mortar & China steel are NOT as important as people!
This says absolutely nothing. What happened today was heartless. if u continue b up trump's ass, voters will remember.
Build that wall!  And put Roy Blunt on the far side of it if he can't support our president and the people who put him in office.
You're money not mine! Oh ya Mexico is paying for it! Troll
Your families lobbying jobs keep u from having a definitive position on anything.
Sounds like "keep DACA in exchange for a wall."
Wall is a waste of $ and effort. Saving DACA is a brilliant thing:) the two don't go hand in hand.
Just for 1 minute, pretend like u don't work for Trump. Act like a man even if u can't be one.
Hear Obama say, "#DACA is TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty."
#EndDACA - 
https://t.co/yewFjBCvev?ssr=true
Border security and Daca are poles apart, children brought here vs adults crossing a border. Blundt, the exact opposite of logic!
Are you sponsoring a bill?
Senator you have to pick a side this time you can't straddle the fence post anymore. Dreamers deserve more of all of our Congress.
Obama asked congress for a bill but u obstructionists wouldn't do it hence #daca, is last stmt code for "wall"? Hope not
Bob and weave Blunt. 
You've had time to fix it Senator Blunt and you haven't done one god damned thing. Do something or you are part of getting rid of it.
Move over @marcorubio, there's a new fence riding coward releasing meaningless statements.
Roy, the darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!  Dante Alighieri
Noticeably missing is any statement on how this WILL be resolved and how you plan to make sure that the cruel deadline won't be an issue.
Better than I expected from you. Not good enough, though.
Yes support DACA and we don't need a damned wall
No #buildthewall No #daca you can't keep letting our borders be overrun with drugs and illegal aliens! #votethemout Protect American workers
Reasonable statements but why would you not work with president Obama on immigration reform? It would be done now and we wouldn't be here.
GOP obstructionist
Thank you, now let's get your Senate partners to work together on constitutional solution!
This statement displays zero leadership, zero courage, zero encouragement, zero empathy. Heartbroken for our country and state.
Did you work on a legislative solution when Obama was President? Or did you obstruct reform with other Republicans?
She's not wrong, @RoyBlunt.
You wt the wall, that wall can't b built, u hv harvey & Irma 2 get thru. U can cont 2 kiss Chump's ass after rlf bill & DACA bill is done.
Are they not now in even more legal limbo and an even worse situation. Many of my comedical students were protected by DACA
I didn't even consider the impact that this would have on comedy in the US!  Seriously though, this is heartless and despicable.

You remain the master of saying something with no substance. I'm sure it makes you feel better though.
Fluent in Politispeak is Mr Blunt.
Dude! Nobody wants to come across the border with that clown in the WH. What you are doing is unconscionable and cruel. Shame on you. 
.@RoyBlunt Co-sponsor the bipartisan DREAM Act. It is inhumane to tear away young people who are American in every way except on paper.
When Senator Blunt does this I will believe him, otherwise he's just blowing smoke up our backsides.
Exactly. This is the show-me state, & he will have to show some action. & he'd better not vote to spend a dime of my hard earned $ on a wall
What a disappointment.  Stand up for DACA people who have never known anything BUT America.  Pass swift, stand-alone bill to make DACA a law
Border security is fine but we dot need to waste money on a wall.  What we need is a good immigration system.

On immigration we put Mexico first.
On trade we put China first.
On foreign policy we put Israel first.
It's time to put AMERICA FIRST!
We need easier paths to citizenship paired with better security. We need dreamers to work for US, not the other way around.
Wow...if I wasn't already totally disgusted with everything you say and do...
Senator @RoyBlunt, this isn't enough. Please disavow the President's cruelty and dishonesty towards DACA recipients. Please save DACA.
DACA is a temp executive order that is illegal to enforce indefinitely. Trump is forcing congress to deal with it legally legislatively
POS POS POS
In other words, foreign citizens before American citizens? Traitor! I will not vote for you again!
How's he putting them before Citizans?  Most are paying taxes, getting highly skilled degrees, serving in the military, saving US lives, etc
One should not be dependent on the other. Please, @RoyBlunt, do the right thing.
Holding  #DREAMERs hostage is very Republican of you! Quit tweeting and start listening to what we want you to do!#DefendDACA #getittogether
Can't agree, my friend, we need to put legal American Citizens FIRST.
You have got to be kidding me. You don't see fit to say anything to the people in your state who are terrified right now?
They're terrified because they're here illegally.
No, they're terrified because they haven't  been given a path of legality.  @RoyBlunt I hope you Senators can provide that path.
Well they can leave and get in line behind everyone else who wants in.
It has been 4 yrs since the temporary (illegal) executive action. That's 4 yrs to have started a process to gain permanent legal status.
Thanks for asking! There currently is no legal path which is the real issue.  This is a great resource to learn more http://americasvoice.org/why-dont-immigrants-come-here-legally-and-other-frequent-questions-about-immigration-reform/ …
And thus Trump has given congress a deadline to do something about it legally
Three paragraphs to say nothing. Impressive.
Not really. Roy hasn't said anything of substance in years.
I'm so glad to hear that you will support immigration reform that is more than a higher wall. You've had years to do it, so get busy!
They're not Americans, they're foreign nationals in our country illegally
Did they take citizenship tests and come in legally? Nope not Americans
Talk about saying nothing. do you have a moral compass or do you just go with the flow? #DACA
100% flow.  Blunt has shown zero spine and hasn't broken from the herd on any issue.
He's waiting for his "donors" to tell him what his opinion is
Of course he is. #votesforsale
That's what we need. But, I don't want my tax dollars wasted on a stupid wall. Better ways to use that $ for America.
Does that mean you will go along with attaching  a "build the wall, but we, not Mexico will pay for it" amendment to any DACA legislation?
Not paying for a wall! That Trump promised Mexico would pay for! Stupid peps actually believed him
American voters need relief from ACA b4 Immigration. #CompleteRepealOfObamacare
So do you support the #dreamact or don't you?
He doesn't support anything that is good for America: immigrants, education, healthcare, social justice, equality, the Constitution. Nada!
Wow that fence post must feel great Roy!  Straddle it!
It is firmly up his ass
So you didn't say anything? Typical. Must be waiting for your "donors" to tell you how to vote.
