wrong.
Please #repeal #obamacare and do not #replace it. Open up the markets so #insurance  companies can compete across state lines. #MAGA
The 'free market" can never find equilibrium when the consumer's only choice is buy or die.
I think you're being a bit dramatic. Hospitals, by law, cannot turn away someone who needs medical attention.
But who pays when someone has to use the ER for health problems that could have been prevented if they had insurance? All of us, that's who.
How is that any different than the wealth redistribution model in #Obamacare or a single payer system like #Canada?
Less expensive for everyone if people have insurance with preventive healthcare. So #ACA and #UniversalCoverage both cost less $ and lives.
#UniversalHealthCare doesn't work unless #everyone contributes! Too many #illegals and "poor" people will bankrupt the system.
You do realize that #illegals pay more taxes every year than @realDonaldTrump
We need to get costs down on drug prices, equipment, etc.  we need to push back on the insurance companies and their inflated pricing.
This seems like a direct consequence of the GOP's sabotage. Would you like to have a town hall to discuss?
His town hall is tonightat 6 pm.  Go on his web site for more info.  He won't come to St. L for a live one.  Doing it remotely.
It is remote.  He's too scared to face us live.
Duh.  I'm not stupid.  I know the difference.  Bye.
Please don't name call on my TL.
You didn't explain your fix to keep our h/c affordable for everyone. GOP plan will not do it. Yours?
You are correct. Missourians are suffering b/c you did everything you could to cause it to collapse.
If only some country out there had found a way to provide healthcare for everyone while lowering costs... Maybe you can google it?
taking away Obamacare will hurt more Missourians than offering.
Insurers leaving b/c less healthy population = too much cost. Fix what we have not break it more with #AHCA
GOP has fought paying insurance companies subsidies from day one & now hold those payments hostage. "Harm Americans"  is the new GOP motto!
He's a tRump supporter & could care less about his constituents as long as he can line his pockets with insurance $'s. He's been bought!!
Then quit playing the sabotage game wherein you cut the required funding to make it look bad. We are not idiots!
The GOP thinks we're stupid enough to believe their lies. We know you've done everything possible to destroy the #ACA. We'll remember.
4 ur information the ACA saved my life 6 weeks ago & now u plan on signing MY death warrant by getting rid of my healthcare I WILL remember!
You&@GOP sabotaged ACA removing risk corridor$ to help insurers cover sicker ppl & w/preexistg conditns. FIX THAT! @Indivisible_KC #SaveACA
Thanks to you & Trump, it's all falling apart. We, your constituents, need you to FIX it, not destroy it. This isn't a game, it's our lives.
Obamacare is collapsing because you and your fellow Trump-followers keep swinging at it's foundation with pickaxes.
Stop the lies!!! it is the republicans like you who are putting the strangle hold on Obamacare.  It can be fixed but you want your tax cut.
The House Bill effectively ruins health insurance for the US.  This is what your advocating?
Its collapse was induced by the efforts of little Marco and other GOP.  Roy your #LiesMatter
Should Roy Blunt have a REAL town hall before voting away MO residents' health insurance?
Remember this and vote for @JasonKander2020
After u have succeeded in killing me by taking away my healthcare I will come back & haunt ur ass 4 eternity, I promise!!!
Shame on you Mr. Blunt @RoyBlunt ! Stop being Trump's toady! Stand up for what is best for ALL Missourians. #MODeservesBetter
A phoney town hall speech? If you're going to vote away our insurance, at least have the integrity to look us in the eye and explain.
It's tweets like this (from R's) that hurt it. Why don't you try to help instead of posting stuff like this?
thanks in large part to your party constant efforts to sabotage the ACA. Stop misrepresenting the facts
ACA is collapsing, why?  instead of fixing it  Repubs spent the last 6 years trying to tear it up.  How much did it cost congress to repeal?
Nothing had been done to support or improve the ACA. A bridge without a support would collapse. Let's not forget Trump undercut the ACA.
why don't you attend town halls?
The ACA has survived (& for some, thrived) in spite of @GOP sabotage - instead of crashing the market, do right and fix it.
The House bill would kick 23 MILLION off insurance!  Fix Obamacare!  Don't discard it! #DoYourJob


Just stop Roy, just stop
So, Obama personally raised the cost of premiums? Or the billionaire CEO's of ins co's pulled out b/c of GOP promise for huge tax cuts (?)
Let's be honest, Senator. You and the GOP are causing the collapse. Why are you in office?
The @GOP has obstructed this from the start.  People will suffer now, thanks to you.  Shame on you.
And the #AHCA will endanger 23 million lives in under a decade. Your party has had years to offer real improvements to ACA and have failed.
Complying with the Constitution is not an optional exercise but a requirement for serving as our nation’s President @RepCummings
the ACA is being actively destroyed by the GOP because replacing it proved too unpopular.
Stop knocking the ACA and tell us what you are going to do! You have all reins of govt., so govern!
All insurers will bail from the exchanges if Congress allows Trump to stop direct subsidies to the carriers vs tax credits.
People we r free.If I wanted federal gov. taking care of me then I would be a Socialist/Communist.U have the option to leave
And where are you in terms of taking responsibility Roy? You had 7+ years to work to fix it, make it better. You did nothing except whine
Thanks Roy to you and all your GOP cronies for undermining the ACA and taking away healthcare to the most needy. You will regret it.
You control both houses of Congress and the WH. Why don't you fix it?
So what are you doing about it?
Roy, you're full of crap. We know you'll say one thing, but if Betsy tells you to, you'll turn right around and do what your sugar mama says
How about the same healthcare members of Congress have?GOP doesn't have a viable solution to the ACA.If u did, would already b on the table.
Health care CEO's make over 100 million & the gop blocks negotiating drug prices, check who donates to Roy & his pals..
They tie up heavy,cumbersome loads and put them on other people’s shoulders,but they themselves are not willin to lift a finger to move them
So you must be careful to do everything they tell you. But do not do what they do, for they do not practice what they preach.Matthew 23:3
Maybe if you and republicans would stop sniffing the chetto dust and think for yourselves and your constituents we could have nicer things.
If Obamacare "collapses" it's because you & GOP have not acted as representatives of constituents to help preserve their healthcare
Fix the ACA Ol Roy and do something GOOD for Missouri.
Let the #freemarket do its job to bring down prices! #Competition is good for #everyone when the #government gets out of the way! #MAGA
The GOP model - Starve the beast and then blame it for being hungry. How about actually working for your constituents?
Proud of your work then Roy?
You do know you are also supposed to look after the constituents who didn't vote for you or donate to you too?  Right?
Pass AHCA and thousands of your constituents will die or get sick for rich people's tax cuts.  We see you, you mendacious opportunist.
Yeah, it'll do that since you've been so hellbent on destroying it. How about you hold a real town hall so we can talk about this?
It's only collapsing because you crippled it.
See you tonight.
You've spent too much time with dear POTUS and now tell the same easily debunked lies.
The ACA is better than anything you and the GOP have proposed.
A #bullet and a #cigarette are better than either #obamacare or #trumpcare
Maybe if you confirmed the funding, @royblunt.
"The price": private insurance premiums that are unaffordable. And you'll exacerbate the problem for gullible constituents that believe you
Funny enough, it works when we’re not using my family’s healthcare as a politial show & intentionally sabotaging the markets. @RoyBlunt #aca
Obamacare is collapsing & Missourians are paying the price. My statement on today’s @BlueKC announcement: http://bit.ly/2qh0Fz5  
Because the republicans and you personally planned it that way.
Blame the Repulicans in the MO state legislature that refused the Medicaid expansion, not the ACA. Nice try
Roy, we get it. You're evil. You're holding subsidies hostage in order to wreck the market. We get it.
Beating the Trump drum on collapse-  NOW give us something better. BTW it should be called REPUBLICARE since you doomed it from the start.
I'm a young Missourian, student & can't get insurance with #Obamacare or #Medicaid bc I fall in the gap!! #Unacceptable
Does this statement involve the recognition your party has failed to fully fund the subsidies? No? Ok.
Then please fix it. We were promised it would be better for everyone. We thought you had a plan. Make it happen.
@GOP @RepSamGraves @RyanSilvey Do you think we are so stupid? You failed to expand Medicaid in Mo, and you went out of your way to kill ACA.
Would probably work better if half the states and a majority of Congress hadn't actively sabotaged it 24/7/365 since its implementation.
Well you might try paying the providers, and making this work.  This is more about an assault on the poor and middle class and tax cuts.
And you know the weakness is due to GOP blocking full implementation and uncertainty caused by Trump's threats. 

Help us, don't hurt us!
It's sad that you are so fast to throw your constituents under the bus. The AHCA will leave YOUR people out in the cold to die. Sleep well
Liar
