You mean that .05% of "hard working" rich folk? B/C that's who gets $$$$$$$$$$ (and corporations, who have historically kept it.
Wouldn't higher taxes equate to more received with Tax Returns? Genuinely curious.
You need to vote against this reform!
Stop hurting Missourians with your lies! You are the worst.
BULLSHIT.  ROY BLUNT IS LYING IN ORDER TO PUT MORE $$$ IN HIS POCKETS AND THE POCKETS OF THE RICH FOLKS WHO PAY FOR HIS LIFESTYLE.
You mean the Koch brothers and other fat cats. It's not likely I'll ever see any more and I'll probably see a whole lot less!
No Roy what it really means is your donors get to keep more of their wealth while avg folk get very little of this supposed windfall.
That is a bald faced lie.
From these tweets,you need to pull your fingers out of your ears and listen to Missouri lower and middle class.ARE YOU DEAF? ........SAD
No, stop treating us like we're idiots. Tax Reform means underfunding social programs you hate so our country's most vulnerable suffer.
Flat tax is the only fair way to go with no deductions. Every $ earned by any person or entity is treated the same
Oh boy! I can't wait to get that extra two bucks! #LIAR
Tweet translation: the only people @RoyBlunt knows, cares about and thinks work hard make 300,000 + a year.
Another lie. You are bad for America, Senator.
Quit the BS. WE KNOW IT'S NOT TRUE. How does it feel to be owned by billionaires? Expanding the deficit #Brownback
Read your bill before you say it will be great for working families.  This is another bill that helps the wealthiest Americans more.
And then spend it on health care. That's where we really clean up--when hardworking Americans get sick. Cha-Ching!
Please make sure middle class isnt screwed on tax reform.Fix 4 all,but make sure the middle working class doesnt in any way have to pay more
How about you get more responsible with the tax dollars you already get. Like no increase on defense budget.
Tax reform means that the ultra rich will be able keep more of their money and pass it on to their children tax free.  It doesn't help us.
Removing local tax deductions and mortgage interest deductions except for the very wealthy isn’t going to help working class Americans.
No, if you actually READ the bill, it would allow YOU to keep more of our hard-earned money.
North Korea. Russia. - Issue now so grave taxes seem trivial.
My #MO family would benefit from your tax plan, but we prioritize America 1st.
BS. This bill will do nothing for anyone except the mega-rich.
Stop giving lip service and get results, don’t fail like you did with healthcare. Conservatives are tired of empty promises!
So that they can shell out thousands of dollars for health care and birth control that y'all continue to try to take away?
u mean that the top 1 percent keeps way more of their money.  You do not care about the regular people of this state or country
Are you kidding me those who barley make ends meet will not let this happen I can't wait to fire you
Lets discuss st a town hall in STL #votingoutrepublicans #GOPlies
You are so far removed from your REAL constituency-Missourians making less than $100,000 . Your tax breaks only help your wealthy friends.
Liar liar pants on fire. Tax CUTS line the pockets of the rich!  Changing word like cut to reform doesn't fix it
As you are working on this tax reform get rid of the Obama care penalty "tax"
The alternative minimum tax makes sure that the very wealthy pay at least some taxes. This plan is a tax cut for the wealthy, paid for by us
Would be nice if the rest of us hard-working people actually got a senator that worked for us rather than  his donors.
Your lying about Trump’s tax scam, Senator. Repealing the estate tax gives cuts only to individuals with estates worth more than $5.5million
Does it? I know billionaires will take home more. Hardworking families, not so much!
If by "hardworking" you mean "super rich" then the proposed tax plan is perfect. Real people won't benefit from this plan.
This does nothing for the middle and lower classes. Trickle Down does not work and will never work.  Stop this madness that the GOP is doing
The @realDonaldTrump tax reform benefits him and the top 10 %. What about the 90% of us?  @POTUS tax reform is NOT good for 
Nonsense. NON. SENSE. You know that we know that you don't even believe what you're saying. Right?
Taxation is theft
No way
Lol.  It means trickle down economics where the rich get richer and the poor and middle class work harder.  McConnell Jr, you don’t fool us
What a joke!
Do you include the Waltons in “hardworking families”?
Would love to have more money, but not at the addition of our now 20 trillion deficit. Tax reform MUST include deficit reduction.
Stop lying to us! This is a give away to all your donors
History has shown us this "tax reform" doesn't work! It makes rich, richer on the backs of the poor & shrinking middle class!  Quit lying!
please break this down by bracket and explain how we'll also increase funding for state schools, parks, highways, bridges, and more
Why do you assume that the middle- and lower-class citizens aren't hard-working people?  Your tax plan is a tax sham.
Unless world war 3. Happens? Do something about that first!!!
Needs to allow for out of pocket medication and treatment costs
Mostly for the rich
Why then does 80% of cuts go to the top 1%?
It also means the rich get richer.  The wealthy individuals and families receive a higher percentage of tax cuts.
If you cut my taxes by 25% I could make an extra house payment plus 3 extra student loan payments. Something tells me you aren't doing that.
NRA contributions mean Roy Blunt has received the most blood money of any sitting member of Congress.
No it doesn’t. It means you’re complying with the needs of your donors
GOP #TaxReform means cuts for the top 1%, spiraling unfunded debt and the continued erosion of the middle class.   No thanks Roy...
#TaxReform takes a half billion from Medicaid, trillion from Medicare, doubles the deficit and gives $$$  to you & the billionaires. NO!!
The hard or not so hard working millionaires- thank you!
and the wealthiest individuals get to keep FAR more of the money that they haven't earned
If I can buy a car or redo my kitchen for $1,000,well now that's funny.
tax reform means whatever you want it to mean. in this case tax reform will mean our nation goes further in debt. responsible repub my ass.
If you really believe that, have a town hall and tell us about it in person. Don't hide behind twitter and radio interviews.
Nah, you mean the "notso hardworking" top 1 percent take home more of the money the hardworking families earn for them.
You will be replaced
It is time for removal of you enslaved old farts.
Nope, misleading the public again.
You can't even lie well anymore. Please step down. Your career is over. Quit before the butterfly nets come after you.
Well, the words "Tax Reform" could mean that. But Trump's proposal isn't that. Please don't insult our intelligence - we know you lie.
Another lie, this is a tax cut for the rich not the middle class.
Interesting choice of words - no analysis has shown any meaningful savings for the average American family. But it’s a little - hence “more”
Are you announcing a new tax plan Roy? Because the one floating around now, doesn’t do this for anyone beyond the 1% #Liar #RecallBlunt
I can hardly wait for my $660-$1,000 a year. I can buy a new car!
This is the same tax plan KS had to abandon. The sun shone on KS and now it's economy has melanoma
Will it mean that your invisible ass will appear at a town hall meeting
I'm guessing it will be the billionaires who benefit most. Mercer, Koch, Trump etc.
And wealthy even more.  Try a different line #TaxFairness #BluntLies
Would this tax cut stop the tearing down of the 2 Chrysler plants in Fenton? https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU  loss 43,000 jobs $15 billion yearly.
Your party's plan raises the taxes on 30% of middle class families & significantly reduces the taxes of Trump, who currently pays nothing
Hardworking millionaires? Trickle. Down. Does. Not. Work. Come on, Roy.  Help Missouri, not your pocketbook.
Please. I may have been born at nite but .....
Nope. Have you read the bill in the entirety?Makes the rich get richer and the poor get poorer and everyone in the middle get to pay for it.
"My name is Roy Blunt and I am an unprincipled puppet. Pay me money and I'll regurgitate whatever you like."
How would we know?  Maybe you should actually have a plan before you start telling us how good it is going to be. Stop trying to feed us bs.
Liar.
To the intern monitoring this: Please let the Senator know that non-millionaires work hard, too.
This. You nailed it bruh. Freakin intern. Roy dont read this shit.
Like Trump and his cabinet? #givemeafuckingbreak
Only for the top 1-2 percent will see much of anything.  Again, bulk of burden placed back on middle class and lower income.
Hmm, but that's not the plan you are tweeting about.
By taking away from Medicare & Medicaid? This helps once again the super wealthy. I hope you don't have the votes.
Hardworking rich families!
How hard did your family work to become shills for @BetsyDeVosED and her misguided, ignorant private school agenda? Golf isn't work, Roy Boy
Translation: the wealthiest 1% will get vast majority of this benefit, & there may be something left for the rest of you suckers. We'll see.
Text reforms not gonna help me I don't make over half million dollars a year

Right, Please reform our tax code instead of giving the 1% a massive tax cut while raising middle class taxes. Please, Roy.
When are we actually going to see some numbers?  How much is your tax cut?  How much for the median Missouri household?
Not with the plan currently being discussed. Much like with healthcare you're lying about the details here.
No, that's just a giveaway to millionaires.  What you should be talking about is raising the minimum wage.
Look to neighboring KS to predict how same #TaxReform will fare nationally. Hint: fails, except for wealthy.
What's your take on potus mental state?  You know he tweets like a 4th grader right?  Corker is the only senator with cajones.
Your tweet is misleading.  It should say the hardworking families bringing home over $300,000.  Which is not good news for most of us
Everything I've read is that the tax cuts will go to the rich, with nothing for the poor and the middle-class. 
Bullcrap
And this rich get richer while the average Americans only gets to take what they should have been all along
That's not what the analysis says.  Many middle and working class families get increase!  Rich get cut!  #doyourjob!
How much money have you taken from the NRA? Millions.
Just not with the tax reform plan you are pushing. Unless you mean Millionaires&Billionaires specifically. #beAshamed
#TrumpTaxScam 

 This appears to most of us to be a tax cut for the richest 1% of Americans...
Stop lying
