It's because partisan Republicans in the pockets of insurance companies pulled the ACA's teeth re: insurance company participation.
So basically, ACA's "failure" is your fault, Senator. Stop putting your party over your constituents.
then make it better, throwing millions off healthcare isn't the answer.
my dad is a trucker & has had a hard time keeping a job & health insurance. he also has heart disease, w/o his heart medicine he'll die.
he voted for you this past election, don't let him down.
Listen to your MO people & work towards HC where people are helped, not the cruel trump HC, you know in your heart this bill is not the one.
Only reason for problems is the GOP cherry-picking and destroying the original act to cause the problems of today

Remember this and vote for @JasonKander2020
This will not benefit Ripley or Butler County, sir. I missed your teletownhall.. Medicaid cuts hurt Missourians and their children.
I think your facts are wrong and your heart is black. Why can't you tell truth?
Mr. Blunt, we don't want to knock 23 million Americans off of healthcare and make it unafforadable for the least able bodied. No Trumpcare.
Ok then. Now is a great time to fix it!! @RoyBlunt
Roy, I see very few people think Obamacare failed. It is you & rest of gop that have failed. If Senate passes trumpcare, gop is dead, RIP.
 Any chance POTUS has a hand in sabotaging exchanges? Seems like threatening to withhold money is sabotage
@realDonaldTrump @RoyBlunt @USRepLong it's only failing because the R's letting it happen! @realDonaldTrump admitted this was his plan. 
Um...it has not failed in spite of your ceaseless efforts to pander to your corporate constituency at the cost of 1000's of poor families.
#Obamacare helped me achieve @Mizzou this semester by dropping my ADHD medication's copay to $0. Would #AHCA would do me the same justice?
No.  You have a pre-existing condition
The ACA was intentionally crippled by the opposition. I don't want to call you a liar, but I don't know how to finish this tweet.
Oh, go ahead. He IS a liar.
No, it's you who have failed
No matter how many times you say it it doesn't make it true. Your party's solution means 23 M fewer insured. That will be the true failure.
Single-payer is the only real solution. Advocate for that.
Because Republicans control Congress and wouldn't work to improve it. Instead tax cuts for wealthiest 2%! The voters will blame you alone.
Words. Blah, blah, blah. Sign onto @clairecmc bill, and make real difference. #healthcare #DoYourJob
You're the epitome of a GOP hack.  You being re-elected was worse than trump being elected president.   That's pretty bad.
He's still #bannonstooge

Good rule of thumb: If you would rather commit second-degree assault than discuss your healthcare bill, it's not probably a great bill.
Fix it don't end it #medicareforall
It very clearly saved me from financial ruin.
You've clearly failed
Trumpcare will cause more people to be denied healthcare and die of preventable diseases.  Why? Because the name Obama scares you
If the ACA is so bad, why did Congress choose to keep it over their WONDERFUL NEW BILL?  Just asking. Hypocritical A..hole
AHCA is in the Senate now. Stop complaining about Obamacare and do your job. Why are you stalling? What are you afraid of? We see you.
Every time words come out of your mouth you embarrass the great state of MO. Saddened that we are stuck with 5 1/2 yrs of failed leadership
CBO says 23 million will lose coverage under your bill. Do you know anyone on that list?
We are the richest country in the history of the world.  Let that sink in...
How come we all can't have healthcare? Do a better job! :-(
Stop the lies
Worked out pretty well for the people I know
Mr Blunt I have an idea. Tear down this corrupt monopolized health care company's they are to big pricing everyone out of any health care.
Because people like you worked to gut it. Got the invite to your "tele-town hall." Would be great if you would come face us in person.
No it hasn't.
And you failed us when you voted for Betsy DeVos!
Fix then. Don't make it worse.
it has not failed for me.  Low premiums, minimal rx charges. Great care.
We're not buying your RW BS!
No, the American healthcare system was failing long before Obamacare. It's you, sir, who along with your party are utterly failing.
No the Republican establishment has Mr. Blunt! Short sighted! Power hungry! #MODeservesBetter
Enjoy your last few years in office.
Amen
& @GOP along w/ WH has actively subverted it. All partisan. Why don't u guys be productive & try to improve it.
... because the GOP finally managed to torpedo it.  #RepubliRussians don't care about your kids.
It may not be perfect but it's better than any version of #trumpcare that you and the GOP has presented so far
Where were you a decade ago when health care needed to be restructured? Taking $$$ from lobbyists! U r willing to screw Americans for $$$! 
Americans need HEALTHCARE. not INSURANCE. Fix the problem. The AHCA only makes more money for INSURANCE companies and deny coverage. Help us
Only because that was the intentional plan of you and the corrupt GOP who deliberately sabotaged it. Did u forget it was a GOP idea first?
I was rooting for you but I am beginning to feel that was a mistake. You have no solutions.
it has flaws, but the AHCA is not an answer. Please listen to your constituents and repairs. Don't replace with the AHCA
GOP lies. .GOP should read CBO's report cover to cover, trash #Trumpcare & work w/ Dems on a real plan to costs & care.
You should show this video in a Town Hall.
Since you gutted it, yeah. If you actually cared about your constituents you would work to fix it. CBO says Trumpcare will fail harder.
And so will your plan if you walk back on pre-existing conditions and slam older people with low lifetime coverage.
So the obvious choice is an 800% increase to my healthcare costs, see I have pre-existing conditions. O-Care has been VERY GOOD TO ME
I know ppl paying $50/month premiums w/ ACA.  Will AHCA be able to match that?
He's right but the things he's suggesting that we need are not part of the AHCA
How you won against Jason Kander, I'll never understand. You're an inept, immoral, partisan hack.
So very true.
And clearly you don't know what to do about that. #SaveOurCare
You helped it fail.
The CBO says #Trumpcare #Ryancare will kill people with pre-existing conditions.  I'm prefer #Obamacare
some people put their dogs down instead of pursing treatment, republicans are those people, we are their dogs 
let's get rabid
This is the stupidest thing I have seen yet
