Since when have u ever had a REAL job that required HARD work?? Ur only in it for $$ & what u can get 4 ur wealthy friends
Hey, it's hard work figuring out how to legislate to benefit your wife and kids the lobbyists
"Crud, I just realized there are more poor voters than rich ones, so have some words to make you feel better but nothing will change." -R.B.
The intent of the Republican rich is to keep the poor people out of the polling booth. Then they needn't worry about voter numbers.
It's been far too long since your last REAL town hall. Stop talking at us and try listening to us for a change.
Amen.
A tax break for the wealthiest 5% is totally going to fix this 
A tax break for the wealthy will certainly put the fix in for Roy. That seems to be the only fix he cares about.
Please stop writing op-eds instead of hosting a #townhall. When can your constituents see you face to face?
Face to face, as in take off that smirking fake grin, & listen. No talk from you. We already hear what you're saying. Time to listen to us.
Then why did you vote down an increase in minimum wage and to break up the unions Cutting taxes for the rich only helps the rich, like Blunt
but you sure got yours ! better health care , better retirement ... I guess your just better the the average working man! TERM LIMITS CROOK!
You mean like the kind of change raising the minimum wage would provide?
Raising the minimum wage would be helpful. Sparking more buying, increasing state revenue. Not hard to comprehend.
Honesty does not seem to be Roy's strong suit.
Standing with @fightfor15 this morning, no possibility of a living wage when @EricGreitens reduces min wage to under poverty level
@RoyBlunt & @EricGreitens are a one-two punch in the gut for Missourians. Take away money, healthcare. Plunder & pollute environment. Greed.
GOP tax cuts for the rich & corporations won't help middle class just like taking away ACA, Medicaid, Medicare, & Social Security won't help
Well Roy these tax cuts won't make any big diff in take home pay for the hardworking families you represent. Oh, I forgot, we don't count.
If giving tax cuts to corporations, the public deserves to see a formal report on how they have added jobs and bettered their communities.
That would be the day. Of course whatever report they might file would be written in gibberish with twisted statistics & flat out lies.
you mean increasing the min wage, right? If you don't make any money, tax cuts don't help. Which you & @GOP know.
Need to lower tax rates for hard working families, not cut taxes for rich and uber rich. Raise wages to livable level.
Raising the wage to $15/hour will put workers on the unemployment line.  Tax reform will put money back in American pockets. #passtaxreform
So maybe you should talk to your pal Greitens about raising minimum wage.  Both KC and St. Louis have tried and were thwarted by MO gov.
R.B., You are a shameless stooge for Trump. You aren't for MO people and is too scared to face a town hall. Cowardice is what we see.
How about you have a little chat with @EricGreitens. He cut millions from higher ed. No wage increase for me as an educator this decade.
Then why is the GOP considering taxing healthcare and retirement contributions to find a tax break for the rich? The rich don't need help!
Oh please let me finish your sentence....., "and it's going to be a helluva lot longer!" (as you give your smirk).
1) Your intern wrote this 2) Quit retreading the same tired philosophy. Education, retraining for current skills and infrastructure Roy
It's been far too long since you sat down & truly listened. Stop telling us what we want & listen. Town hall, maybe?  #fakesenator
Tax cuts for the wealthy sure as fuck isn’t the kind of change we had in mind.
Please. We all know what this is about.
Secret of the prosperous 50's is that the wealthy could invest in ways that promoted a healthy middle class or they had to pay v. high tax.
Corp profits as % of GDP higher than ever, 54% of Corp profits going to stock buybacks. Tax cuts will not trickle down to workers.
Been far too long since you had a town hall with ACTUAL MO voters
Effective tax rates are much lower for business & corporations when loopholes are taken into account.
$15 min wage + lower taxes would be swell!
Yes, and you aren't helping this issue. GOP just take care of rich while promising hardworking families the moon just for their vote! Shame!
Roy Blunt you have not done anything to help anyone but the rich. GOP just takes and this is more of the same you just watch
Roy let's make sure our new Missouri senator is a trump republican not just a Republican Player has to go
TERRIBLE representations of constituents by #TrumpTard and #Trumpublican @RoyBlunt roy
Thank GOD @clairecmc is there to counteract his YES
Tell your buddy the governor to stop getting in the way of sensible minimum wage increases then.
Been far too long since @RoyBlunt saw an in-person town hall.  It makes a difference to the great people of Missouri
Right to work certainly doesn't help. Neither does mechanization & out sourcing. BTW greater tax breaks for mega corp's & rich won't help
And no or cuts in minimum wage also a non starter for better earnings.
Ur working on tax cuts for the wealthy & saying it's for hard working Missourians and small biz. At least be honest while you're screwing us
How much tax did you pay @RoyBlunt ? Release your returns.
Eliminate income/property tax & social security. Fully legalize cannabis.
Very very true but the republican trickle down plan doesn't help hardworking middle class/poor families. Only helps the rich.
“The only thing he is for is himself. Those in Republican leadership who have enabled his behavior by standing silent or making excuses for
him deserve the reckoning that will eventually come for the GOP,”
Roy, you're the quietest of them all. #sellout
He's not quiet, he's supporting trump. His failure to call out trump's bigotry is an endorsement of it. Because Roy hates us and America
Like the 43,000 St. Louis jobs to Mexico/Canada? https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU 
no tax cut to rich!!!!!!!
You should support a living wage standard. Sadly your corporate "donors" will never let you support it, and you don't care about MO
Yes give lower rates to mid/low income & sm. bus., but DONT use it as front for windfall for the mega-rich. One does not require the other.
And now you want to give the rich even more?
Increasing minimum wage would help more.
so...increase minimum wage. Establish CEO compensation guidelines.  Support the governors' health care plan to stabilize markets. #doyourjob
Investors and business-owners, on the other hand, have been doing well for a long time. And they're the type that support your policies...
Do you even listen to your constituents or are you just another trump minion? Your record shows u put party before people. 
Prove me wrong.
But you don't work for hardworking families, Senator. You just don't.
But Republicans are against raising the minimum wage, and when lower income families need help R's are against helping them. Sad!
Blunt has sound bites but no intention of real help.
And then Missouri goes in passes right to work law and reverses St.Louis minimum wage rate increase but you don't care about that
Part of the deal is to 1. Tax workers' 401(k) contributions?   How is that helping MO workers.?   This isn't  conservative , its robbery!
Seems like just a week or so ago Republicans voted against raising the minimum wage in St. Louis. Remember that? Probably not.
His policies are your policies though. You said that. He cut federal workers already tiny raises. Is that your policy?
So less tax on a sub-survival wage is your answer? P.s. pay people enough and they don't need public assistance -
like where you cut minimum wages and start taxing 401K contributions???  You must think we are soooo dumb. We are not!
If MO businesses get tax cuts, will you support raising min wage to truly help working families?  If not, you're a hypocrite
#RoyBlunt is a snake oil salesman just like his idol Trump.  Bad for Missouri and bad for Americans.
But we will not if you start taxing our 401K contributions.  Or removing deductions for home mortgage interest and state/local taxes
Reportedly to fund the cut on business tax.  We are not blind and we are not stupid.
Stop pretending you care about us. You're just like Trump and only care about how much money you can get.
In STL, they saw it briefly when minimum wage went up, but your party reversed it. Your silence on that shows how little you really care.
So why does GOP refuse to increase MIN WAGE? Start at the bottom & work up
#NotaxCuts4Rich grow some balls & #Impeach45
Any Republican that votes for #DACA before #Obamacare REPEAL, #TaxRelief or #BuildTheWall needs to be VOTED OUT of Congress. Period.
They have seen changes. Because of people like you working to make life harder for Missourians
How about Medicare For All - Small businesses will not have to worry about it as a benefit and everyone will receive quality healthcare.
Trump cutting already small raises for federal workers doesn't help. #IMPEACH45
Unfortunately MO is one of the states lowering minimum wages. And then people like you work to make it worse
Trump team considering plan that would tax the $$ workers place into 401ks up front to pay for corporate tax cuts. http://politi.co/2wBsxoy 
Swisher sweats for mayor !!
