So, of course, any bill you support will provide more choices, lower deductables, cut taxes for the rich. Nothing on coverage?
higher taxes for ur 2% friends? Celebrate ur success as Missourians die w/o healthcare.
Absolutely opposed to the current Republican plan to replace the ACA.  ACA does need to be fixed...but not this!
What will it cost you when you are voted out. Run the #s as avg MO constituent & release that info. Every Senator should do this.
Universal Healthcare/Single-payer for ALL!! Stop making money off the backs of the American taxpayer. #Trumpcare #womendems
I agree but what will the new plan Be?
b4 Obamacare that's what we faced.  Repub plan is going to make ins less affordable by rating seniors higher.  NO REPEAL
Trumpcare is a total disaster! Don't you dare replace ACA with a tax break for the rich! #weareyourboss when's that town hall????
We expect an answer! When's the next time you will give us the voters a chance to remind you #weareyourboss?
Vote no on Trumpcare or we're voting no on YOU!
you are lying
At least it does not legalize mass genetic surveillance by employers!
Genetic testing is another bill. It is now out of committee in the house. Call your representative. Be very afraid.
#Trumpcare means 24 million people lose out and older people pay more. Go back to the drawing board for a plan that WORKS. #fail
skyrocketing prices in states that refused the Medicaid expansion, others are doing fine.
We haven't seen you come up with anything better so leave ACA as is until you do. Quit stealing from America.
you are lying
that alternative being pushed by @SpeakerRyan is lookig suuuuperr awesome. #puresarcasm
If it's SO great, come to Missouri for a town hall meeting with your constituents and explain it. People will lose coverage!
Stop the lies!!!!
your plan = same, but amazingly even fewer options at higher cost.
American Cancer Society does not agree with Trumpcare or Roy.  It is against Missouri voters
if u really believed that and cared about us you'd work w the Dems for a great healthcare plan
Do you get info from Fake news?New plan millions lose , rich win.  Doctors,  nurses, AARP agree it is bad.  Time for town hall!
please stop focusing on repealing the ACA and find a solution that HELPS all Americans be healthy!
Only in states that sabotaged it by not setting up exchanges and expanding Medicaid.
Universal Healthcare/Single-payer for ALL!! Stop making money off the backs of the American taxpayer. #Trumpcare #womendems
And if you cared about your constituents instead of you campaign donors you would be working to fix that, not end their h-care.
who is paying you to say this? Your employers have a right to talk to you face to face. Town hall.
and in what way does this new plan address ANY of those problems????
Can you give me an honest explanation why an ACA Repeal plan includes a tax break for the rich?  It makes no sense.  Why?
You know the next thing you'll say is that Mexico will build a wall to keep the Americans out! And US will pay for it!
We don't want #Trumpcare or #TrumpCARELESS
you're full of it. stop it. care about the people you represent and stop lying. you're better than this.
Trumpcare = tax cuts to rich.
Trumpcare=less people have health care
the only problem with the ACA was GOP sabotaging it at every step
you don't have a clue! We want coverage like yours at the same cost as yours!! #notrumpcare
this could have worked if the GOP wouldn't have fought every step if the way.
so why are you not questioning the insurance companies?? CEO's making millions!!!
because Missouri didn't take the expanded Medicaid option Ol Roy. And you guys took 2 billion dollars away. ACA works!!!
#TrumpCare: Even higher deductibles, tax cuts for rich, and loss of coverage for 10-15 million
is this you trying to tell us the new House bill is a good option?! I hope not! As it stands now, the new bill will cause harm.
Keep Missourians out of your mouth of lies, you won't face us; Deplorable! Fix ACA and dump #Trumpcare; Man up Townhall NOW!
why should we pay any attention to this tweet after ProPublica busted you this morning about misleading information?
your party's plan is far worse. Unless you're a high paid insurance executive. Way to look out for your big business friends.
vote to protect your constituents. We are watching.
WOULD YOU STOP BEATING THIS DEAD HORSE. People rely on the ACA to survive.
Your letters to constituents re.ACA are inaccurate, you're not meeting us in a town hall.. DO YOUR JOB! http://bit.ly/2nn4JvL 
100% negative response from your constituents. I wish I could do my job with a zero percent approval.
Fewer options compared to what? And for whom? Deductibles were going up before ACA. More tax but cheaper healthcare=more pocket $.
I am a constituent and #Trumpcare is far worse! Those of us over 55 get the shaft. 64086 votes no to repeal. #aarp
.@RoyBlunt  Senator, we know that. Pass your #FullRepeal bill of 2015. Get rid of it. OR put yourselves under this "Great" new AHCA law too
I love #ACA! Aetna pulled out because of a merger. All fake news. Don't knock #ObamaCare until you've tried it. Town hall?
I won't be able to afford insurance under TRYANCARE. What am I supposed to do?
a tax cut for the rich will totally fix that
#trumpcare will hurt the people who voted for you. Enjoy your last term.
Trumpcare = death
So far, all I have found is more tax breaks for the rich on the backs of the poor, elderly and disabled.
if you guys pass your shitty plan we will pay more for less. What insurance do you have? Who pays for it?
I really hope this ends with "Let's fix the ACA, but the AHCA makes all of those problems worse, so we must reject it."
The insurance co. lobbyists won't even let you point fingers at them, huh? ACA isn't the problem.
And TrumpCare-less = Big $$$$ for dark money interests US should not be 4SALE!  Shame on you!
Jost, an ACA expert & prof @ W&L Law, reviewed Blunt’s email.  “Some of this information is inaccurate, the rest of it is spin,”
Trumpcare =fewer people insured, less coverage and the government allowing the religious right to force me to follow their beliefs
trump care isn't care 4 elderly or middle class. Benefits the rich as usual. Welfare for the top. You vote against us every time.
Wrong.
show us a real replacement because #trumpcare as you've proposed is worse and only helps the wealthy
doesn't seem like many of your constituents agree with you.  The GOP is proving to be a disgrace.  #listentoyourpeople
GOP plan would raise premiums 30% & massive tax breaks for rich & corps
the GOP plan increases insurance cost by almost 2500 for middle class americans
the GOP needs to get over their pride and admit the ACA is heading in the right direction. Fix the problems, don't create new ones
The American Health Care Act Is a Wealth Grab, Not a Health Plan
I like Obamacare, and am worried about Trumpcare/Ryancare not providing the same coverage.
if your party actually worked with rather than obstruct this wouldn't be the case, instead you do all you can to make it fail
Trumpcare = less coverage for lower/middle class & tax breaks for executives. Sad day for Missouri.
universal healthcare would create the biggest pool of insured and give real leverage to control drug costs.
Heard the GOP plan gives tax break to families making 1 mil while at same time increasin premims for middle and iminating for poor
#Trumpcare is worse. What is the cost Roy? What about mental health? Drug dependency? Prenatal?
So now it's all gonna change!?
#Blunt = bought and sold a long time ago, with no interest in facing his constituents
https://twitter.com/AynRandPaulRyan/status/840221492155576321 … @RoyBlunt #Trumpcare #NoAgeTax #PayMoreForLess #Obamacare #ACA
Under the #AHCA
 
15M Americans lose coverage
Medicare insolvent in 2025
…
Can you hold town hall meetings so we can discuss this with you in person?
Trumpcare = tax cuts for wealthy, massive increases for older and vulnerable people, fewer options, less care.  You suck.
Trump Don't Care Plan will hurt Missourians.  The elderly, poor and sick will be those most harmed
.  Time to stop the lies Roy!
Expanding Medicaid would have helped all these in MO, yet you're not interested in real solutions, only partisanship.
, and the @GOP plan will be far worse. Fix, not repeal. We want you to #ProtectOurCare!
The replacement program isn’t ANY better. Don’t replace until you can make it better. Also: Town hall? Yes? Please and thank you.
hey Roy, before you jam this garbage pile of a bill down our throats how about a town hall?
The GOP argument is that #trumpcare will increase competition, but have no policy basis for this. Please explain.
The House Plan is not a feasible or reasonable replacement.  Keep & Improve ACA is The Way!  #417ismyhome
The GOP's new plan is worse in basically every way unless you're an insurance CEO making over $500k/y
it's insane how out of touch with reality you and the .@GOP are on this issue
town hall meeting?  when and where?
Trumpcare still fewer options, higher premiums and higher deductibles, but with less care.  Bad idea all the way around.
You plan with your age tax means my husband and I will play 8000.00 dollars a month
town hall meeting??
