Then introduce universal care.
#nothanks I prefer to keep the money I work for instead of footing the bill for smokers, drug addicts, AIDS patients and #illegalimmigrants
And Trumpcare is the answer? Maybe it's time for you to come back to Missouri and get a real job.
Y'all should try to fix it not replace it
then do something to improve rather than sabotage!!!
Tax cuts for the uber rich are not part of healthcare.
The GOP sabotaged the ACA.
Insurence must be regulated , physitions and hospital wages regulated , pharmasuticals regulated ! Shut the crooks down or get you butt out!
l cannot understand proposing.  I have spoken with insurers and they explain that they are very and adept at meeting the needs ACA service
Because Republicans like you are killing it saying it's the black dude's fault. Shame on you. You should support and improve Obamacare
Then repeal it and stop playing politics with healthcare
Lower insurance or go to government insurance ! Lower medical cost or go to government dr.s , lower drugs or government workers do it! Greed
Work to fix it. Trumpcare doesn't work. Get on the right side of this and you might just keep your job. @RoyBlunt

Remember this and vote for @JasonKander2020
And what have you done to fix it? Nada. Blah, blah, blah.
Republicans have been more obstructive  than anticipated.
But it could be fixed and you refuse to do it, you just lie about your ACHA cruel joke
Trumpcare'll destroy all healthcare coverage in the future. Your inability to hold your insurance company friends accountable is a failure.
The people of Missouri are talking to you. Why won't you listen?  Stop lecturing us and start representing us.
You treat us as though we're stupid.  What about the promises you made to us.  You can't represent us if you don't listen.
The higher costs are being manipulated by the insurance companies who only want the autonomy to impose usurious rates on the public.
The reality is that you are putting your party over your country, campaign contributors over constituents, your own pockets over US.
so stop working with your party to sabotage the ACA and work on fixing it, not that nightmare plan you have going really fix it
But you fail to mention that more people are covered. Fix the supply side don't punish the people.  Are we one nation or not?
You have to lower cost with health care , insurence , and pharmisuticals to fix health care !
thanks for all your efforts to worsen it further with this new sham of a bill. Did you even read it?
Agree...so when will the Senate do something about getting rid of it and replaceing it.
What are you prepared to do to resolve this Senator?
Senator, the ACHA is amoral. Supporting this abomination makes you amoral.
The morality ship sailed long ago for Ol' Roy, methinks.
ur parties offer IS NOT BETTER ITS WORSE. Less ppl insured and poor ppl don't care about damn tax credits they need lower pamt by subsidizes
Did you read AHCA before you voted? Or did tou blindly vote along party lines?
I'm astounded at the number of people expecting a handout.  Don't you people have something better to do with your money than pay #taxes?
The ACA was only a start. It was a good start, needed improvements not dismantling. Don't try to recreate the wheel, just make it better.
Universal healthcare
And your solution is?
Don't make things worse. We are watching.
If GOP hadn't blocked parts of the ACA every time..if MO set up an exchange..if MO had expanded Medicare..might work better! FIXIT
[slashes tires and removes brakes] The reality we face is that car's performance is a far cry from promises that were made when it was sold.
You are lying like trump
So FIX IT - please do NOT Adopt "Trumpcare"
While #Obamacare has its flaws, it is a far better piece of legislation that the #Trumpcare coming from the house.
Fix the problem
Because the GOP state legislature wouldn't accept Medicare expansion. Tell the whole story, you lying Trump wannabe.
And i hope you apply the same criticism to the house #ahca bill.
Stop trying to make #Obamacare appear worse than this GOP plan.  The #GOP is failing.
63052 Six years in Congress trying to kill it and that's the best you can come up with?  2022 will be here sooner than you think.
Trumpcare is worst
Wait a second. You're the one who said Missouri couldn't afford to expand healthcare. You're the reason we pay higher premiums. #truth #sad
#Trumpcare is  times worse. Don't replace until you have something better to offer.
@RoyBlunt So fix it, hypocrite.
Obamacare wld hv been fine if Repubs had worked to improve it instead of doing their best to obstruct and tear it down in every way!
The medicare buy-in at 55 originally in the ACA would reduce premiums for all and provide affordable care for many more. GOP is the failure.
Stop with the GOP weasel word - "access."  The ER is not access. I don't champion access to a Porsche if I can't afford a Porsche.
You helped pass it you condescending hypocrite RINO!
You have zero right to criticize ACA when you and MO GOP sabotaged it.  You fool no one Roy! 
Thanks to you and your ilk. It's like letting the air out of a tire and then complaining its flat. Own it. Take a bow. 
You have lost all credibility
Just as what President Trump is trying to put thru is a far cry from the promises he made as candidate.
new plan bad. republicans sabotaged oboma care.  do ceos still get big bonus ?   new plan not good for older.    come up with a better plan!
How can you call the AHCA a healthcare plan when millions will lose access to care?  It's a $300 billion tax break for the wealthy.
do ceos still get 1/2 million bonus
I love my ACA plan. Same doctors, low premium, no copays, low deductible. I don't know what you're talking about.
Deflecting from mess @GOP is creating along w/ subverting ACA to cause problems Why not actually try to improve ACA? Do something productive
I have pre existing cndtions & I want to retire within 10yrs but based off the CBO, my rates will go up & be una4dable with HR1628.
Looming AHCA cost prevents retirement for us. Also worried about long term care for relatives with cancer, Alzheimer's, & autism.
As opposed to the steaming pile of shit sitting at your feet right now? Really?! #trumpcare #CBOSCORE
The AHCA will leave millions more without healthcare. You are playing politics with Missouri lives. We are not idiots, Roy.
Per CBO, 500k Missourians will lose insurance under AHCA. That doesn't mention those who will pay more. Fix Obamacare do not vote for AHCA
still better than what we would see with #trumpcare. Fix it don't destroy it
You are delusional.
You and @GOP buddies,along with your #russiasbitch @realDonaldTrump have been working with your insurance donors to make sure it fails!
It's almost as though some people have been actively working towards making it a failure.
YES!   They have, 'they' are our Repub legislators!   Watch out, they have one hand in your pocket, the other is stabbing you in the black!
It could easily be fixed - the same way the Republicans broke it.  Do your job and find a plan that works for EVERYBODY.
more lies .Read CBO's report cover to cover, trash #Trumpcare & work w/ Dems on a real plan to costs & care.
.@POTUS & GOP should read CBO's report cover to cover, trash #Trumpcare & work w/ Dems on a real plan to costs & care.
And how is it going to be better under ACHA?  Higher cost fewer people covered. #Trumpcare
Boooooooooooooooo! Boooooooooooooooooooooo! #MODeservesBetter than @RoyBlunt
Dude, have you read what your team is peddling?
It's been going good until Trump and you sit and watch it
How's YOUR healthcare?u better think long and hard before u screw more people over.....
Just can't find it in your heart to fix what we have...that would be treason to GOP party. Your AHCA plan will kill people...like?
Maybe if the Missouri Legislature passed Medicaid expansion like other states where Obamacare is working much better, we'd do better *edited
Really like the way u scripted that so called town hall on phone last nite,pretty self serving,don't have. To look at VOTERS in the eye...
Remember when you voted to bring it out of committee so it could be voted on? I do.
#Trumpcare prediction is for lower costs (for young and healthy), and ZERO access for the old and sick.  Is this Making America Great Again?
Please stop tweeting about what is wrong with the ACA and come up with something better. #youownitnow
Yes, not everything ended up as promised. That's no defense for intentionally taking healthcare from 23M in violation of Trump's promises.
So obviously the best thing to do would be to pull coverage from 24 million citizens and remove coverage for pre-existing conditions, right?
#trumpcare would kick an additional 23 million people off insurance. Try harder.
Your party has controlled congress for years and has done nothing but sabotage the law instead of strengthening it. You want it to fail.
I'm so sick of you going off about the ACA in MO we NEVER got the expansion!!
Gop trying to kill it doesn't help at all
Fix it don't kill it
When it passed, and years following. We were called liars....when we weren't ignored.
Izzy would have hit her lifetime coverage cap at age 2 without the ACA. #ProtectOurCare
You caused that by blocking funding for cost-sharing(required by ACA) & encouraging MO to not expand Medicaid. Blood on your hands.
And Trumpcare isn't the fix.
The reality is that your constituents' lives are at stake, and you're playing politics.
AHCA makes it worse
