Resist this stolen Scotus seat!
What about when the Supreme Court overturned his ruling about disability accommodations?
unanimously, in fact.
Gorsuch has long history of siding with corporations over everyday Americans. We need a justice that will stand with the people.
nope
This tweet paid for by Monsanto.
No appointments from any president under FBI investigation.  Nope.
How would you know about Integrity?
Roy your boy in the White House may be going to the BIG house soon. He should not be able to pick   PERIOD ......
America needs a Supreme Court Justice who will stand up to Trump’s reckless, runaway administration. Gorsuch is not that justice.
Sorry Sir, he is always on the side of corporations against people. He's awful. Suspend Vote till after Trump/Russia hearings.
one word for u Roy.  CHICKENSHIT
Are you getting paid by the post now? He is poisoned fruit now. No vote until #trumprussia is complete. We can and will wait.
We must resist Trump’s nomination of yet another yes man to back his dangerous policies. We must stand against Gorsuch. #WeObject
FUND THE BORDER WALL, STOP LETTING AMERICANS DIE!! @realDonaldTrump
Bloy Runt
We don't want Scalia 2.0. We want Garland whose seat was stolen.
you were the ones who said 8 Justices was fine. #StolenSeat. #ShameOnYou
He certainly does, as one of your constituents, I am proud of your stance in the matter. We need a constitutional judge! #MAGA 
Don't tru$t men w/NO integrity. @RoyBlunt $old out constits privacy http://bit.ly/2nzXTWK  for$185,000 in last campaign #HJRes86 #NoGorsuch
where was your integrity when you got off at $185,000 to sell our private information? You're not doing your job. You work for US!
you're supposed 2represent me; 64015. The majority of informed citizens from MO disagree w you & @POTUS #IndependentInvestigation
Russian ties to president need to be investigated b4 you can act on this or any issue. Roy close your wallet and listen. NO
@clairecmc NO JUDGE until all the rotten apples with ties to Russia are gone.
Missouri born citizen here. You make Missouri look bad. You would have us all living in the 50s again. Retire!!!
Plus, furious my SS # & browser history is being sold to the highest bidder - the Russians? All this will come back to haunt you.
Oh wait.  I forgot.  Party overcountry.  Again.
Americans wanted Merrick Garland GOP wouldn't even consider him. #StolenSeat come back and talk to us when trump is not under investigation
No on Gorsuch!
you're so funny
nope. I disagree.
people of Missouri are speaking Roy. Get your fingers out of your ears and your hands out of lobbyists pocket roy
So u say.  Roy
Sorry but no. He is not a legitimate nominee. He is a pawn in this twisted administration.
Merrick Garland
REPUBLIC SERVICES IS KILLING PEOPLE IN MISSOURI. STOP HATING AMERICANS.
Stolen Seat
What a corporate whore you are. No integrity.  Always putting profits before people. We see you. #MerrickGarland #NoVote
Garland was a worthy successor who deserved a vote. Now you have an ongoing federal investigation into 45 and his campaign #novote
Absolutely agree! Now focus on getting the wall built and getting a handle on illegals!
wrong! This is Merrick Garlands seat! Blunt is bad for Missouri!
liar
@realDonaldTrump Perhaps someone should educate you as to the meaning of "representation" and "constituents."
@realDonaldTrump More mainstream thought is that it is inappropriate for a president under investigation to nominate.
FBI investigations first, choose a nominee who answers the questions. This is crazy. Stand up for common sense, at least.
@realDonaldTrump What mainstream?  Certainly not that of the educated citizens of Missouri. Who do you represent, again?
Shame on you for supporting the sale of America to dark$,
There you go again, Roy boy! Acting all intelligent &shit!
Garland's independence, integrity, & mainstream judicial philosophy made him a worthy successor to Justice Scalia too.  Town Hall!
WHY DO YOU BOTHER TWEETING? Not one response is in support of your actions. You do NOT represent your constituents. #shill!
MO voting family that thinks #TrumpRussiaCollusion trumpneeds to be dealt with first
so was Merrick Garland.
why do you keep tweeting this crap? You're getting no support from your constituents. How much are you being paid for vote?
business as usual w/good Ole Roy.   U  & your ilk acting like Rome is not burning.   Maybe if u act normal, no one will notice?

seven times.  I get the feeling Gorsuch paid you like DeVos did.  Repeating it doesn't make it true.  #russiagate first.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/27/science/what-to-know-about-trumps-order-to-dismantle-the-clean-power-plan.html?_r=0 …
No we can an should do better than this Judge who spends money on an add against Senators 10 million dollars the people you suppor
until there is an independent investigation into the Russian interference in the election, Gorsuch,  cannot be confirmed.
Hypocrite...Senator.  What about Merrick?  You're a puppet.  Come to St. Louis for a Town Hall, we'd LOVE to see you!
you can't vote to appoint someone to a stolen seat while the man who nominated him is under FBI investigation. Stop this nonsense
call Sen Roy Blunt Office (202) 224-5721 he ignores twitter, his office picks up a phone.
we should consider that after a hearing on the rightfully nominated candidate, Garland.
additionally, we should not appoint any candidate nominated by the Potus while he's under investigation for treason.
You can keep posting this, but it doesn't change the fact that Gorsuch is an illegitimate nominee.
Those qualities were even more true for Merrick Garland, but you didn't care about them then. We see your hypocrisy.
You can keep saying this, and I'll keep pointing out that repeating it doesn't affect whether or not it's true.
.@RoyBlunt

Scalia had so much integrity that he died at a resort paid for by his handlers.
Gorsuch’s independence, integrity, & mainstream judicial philosophy make him a worthy successor to Justice Scalia 
U talkin ab guy whose family worked 4 Bush2000 campaign? Same Scalia who vote @scotus 2stop FL recount & give it2 Bush?
Unless his name is Merrick Garland he doesn't deserve a even hearing.
Bull!
.@RoyBlunt call Sen Roy Blunt Office (202) 224-5721 let him know what you think. Tweets are easier to ignore than a ringing phone.
Missouri voter here - I don't care who it is, a man under investigation by the FBI has no right to appoint anybody.
exactly. That is a much bigger issue than having a year and change left in office. 
Sen Roy Blunt Office (202) 224-5721
You say that like it's a good thing.
.@RoyBlunt

#Gorsuch is independent from the interest of the American people, that's for sure.

https://www.democracynow.org/2017/3/22/neil_gorsuch_backed_by_10_of …
The same could be said of Merrick Garland.
.@RoyBlunt no confirmation until the investigation is over. Unless you don't care. Of course, you don't. Party over everything right, Roy?
Your lack of independence and integrity make you a right wing shill.
no no no no
Merrick Garland
