St. Louis Kids Raise Money for Special Needs Playground http://dlvr.it/PW3kkM  
Then take a hard look at what you are doing and vote no on repealing the ACA with no real replacement, because doing so isn't helping out MO
It is "great". Wish you would look out for Missourians too!
Are you trying to make sure nothing stands in Russia's way next time?
They better because you sure as hell aren't.
Mr Blunt, why are you not addressing your feelings on this Obama care disaster? Talk about the forgotten Men and women in MISSOURI!
Those kids are a billion times better than you ever were or ever will be. Do those kids a favor. Take your millions of $$ in bribes & RESIGN
We kinda have to since you aren't
Too bad a bake sale won't cover the cost of medicare for children who need help daily from the program you want to cut.  Heartless, Roy.
Special needs is the hardest hit group of all, Roy. Shame on you for this post.
Take your trump care vote and shove it somewhere dark, Roy.
Maybe you should try to look out for you fellow Missourians instead of looking out for the next big donation.
Glad we are, cause you're not #RoyBlunt !!
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/roy-blunt/ …
Trump score
Are you taking notes? You don't do anything for Missouri
be even cooler if we had a senator that looked out for us. trumpcare will be disastrous for those with special needs, too.
Speaking of which...any chance you'll tell your constituents your plans to vote on the repeal now Healthcare bill?
Aww. Look at you. You got through the horrible healthcare mess by ducking your head and being a coward. Good for you!
@kolr10kozl who told you that Missouri look out for one another. You need to live in the state to see it first hand.
Why can't you look out for me and so many people who need health insurance, Senator? Why do our lives mean so little to you?
Bc $$$ means so much more to him. Sorry.
Please don't turn your back on kids with special needs by voting yes on the Reconcile Yourself to No Care Act.
Hello Kansas, Missouri feels your pain.
Very compassionate of those kids.  You could learn something from their example.  Vote no on the GOP healthcare bill.
Hi http://Justin.call  him everyday. He would rather be party over country! Part of the DC shitshow. What a ____ nightmare!
Retweeting another accomplishment you had nothing to do with?  The people of Missouri deserve better representation than what you offer
We have no choice but to help each other. No one in DC or Jeff. City care whether we live or die. You only care about you.
Too bad we have to spend so much $ on bombs...we could probably afford a playground.
How are you looking out and minimum wage was lowered? How will people pay for health care. I hope people vote your A** out of Senate! FRAUD
Failed to look out for the 43,000 jobs that went to Mexico tearing down the 2 Chrysler plants in Fenton Roy. Why? https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU 
you should try it
When kids do what senators won't...
Wow, that is great to see. Watch and learn, Senator. Take some compassion to work with you. And please #ProtectOurCare
Too bad you don't
I hope you keep our net neutrality in place.
Everyone back home thinks we should have the same medical coverage you have!!!
Too bad you don't look out for us. These nine men having dinner at WH to rip Healthcare from rural Missouri
Yeah ... take notes ... and look out for YOUR Missourians.
Why dont you look out for your fellow Missourians? Get to bottom of #TrumpRussia you will want to be on the right side of history.  or 
I am so disappointed in you @Roy blunt. This was your chance to do what's right and you blew it - big league. I will work to get u defeated
Very concerned Senator that you haven't joined Senators Moran and Lee in opposing a flawed repeal of Obamacare. Time to retire?
Let's see if the senator will vote to keep funding & ACA that looks out for disadvantaged Missourians!
Not gonna lie, never thought @JerryMoran would stand up to McConnell and Kochs. Gotta check my cynicism. Bravo, Senator.
if roy ever held an actual town hall, as moran did, he would know how we feel. roy just doesn't give a damn about his constituents. period.
Seriously, are you really this clueless?
If only there were something you could do to make sure Missourians don't have to rely on girls selling lemonade to get health care.
@RoyBlunt Missouri is watching, are you paying attention?
#ShowMe #BetterCare
Actuaries warn Cruz change threatens those with preexisting conditions. See our fact sheet and decide for yourself. http://bit.ly/2tjstbN  
Someone has to after you nominated @BetsyDeVosED - both of you were outclassed by these kids
Yes, Missourians r trying desperately to make up the $$ from the massive cuts 2 these programs by politicians like u owned by corporations.
Hopefully those STL kids can raise enough for Medicaid since you want to kill it.  It's a scaffold, not a net. Help lift them up.
Way to attend a health care meeting without a single D, woman or person of color. Really looking out for half of MO.
It sure is since you, Senator, are not.
It is nice. Now how about you reciprocate & look out for your constituents instead of your benefactors?
Ur not looking out 4 Missourians! Other states getting xtra on hlth ins by trading  a yes vote. Ur voting yes 4 free.
Always great to see Missourians looking out for one another. https://twitter.com/kolr10kozl/status/886716611872210944 …

@RoyBlunt how abt u ask ur dinner companions 4 help protecting MO citizens from the nightmare @GOP HC (err tax cut) bill #ShowMe #BetterCare https://twitter.com/jeneps/status/887077691836551168 …
No posts on HC in July during a historically significant piece of legislation? #Coward
#ShowMe how @GOP plan is #BetterCare
Senator r u going 2 look out 4 MO citizens or just cont 2 stay quiet on how @GOP HC plan is bad 4 MO?
The truth matters
#ShowMe #BetterCare
If only our Senator did the same
Vote NO on BRCA. Look out for MO. These children can't do it all.
So why do you want to take away healthcare from so many Missourians?
You don't
TrumpCare is even less popular than Trump himself.  Is he still @POTUS, or did he decide to do PR for his golf resorts full time?
Would love it if you could look out for those same people with disabilities. #BCRA will make their life immeasurably worse. Vote NO
Totally agree Senator Blunt. I hope you are looking out for Missourians when considering the ill effects of this bill to replace the ACA.
Don't take their healthcare away!
Yeah too bad you never look out for us.  The majority of us want ACA repaired not repealed but you are against that WHY? No democracy in MO
If you vote yes on the wealthcare bill we Missourians will know who's not looking out for us!!!
"..because I sure won't.  They're poor, they don't matter.  They can't donate money to my campaign, why should I care about them" #silence
There's a lesson for you here, Roy. Learn it and vote no on disastrous Trumpcare.
It'd be amazing to see Missouri senators do the same and provide their people with the healthcare they need instead of partisan politics.
Yes, we have to when our elected members fail to do so.
Too bad your boss won't let you do the same.
Yes it is but you know what special needs kids need more,  good healthcare and services which allows them to live at home. #TrumpCarekills
It is nice. It'd be even nicer if a Missourian elected by Missourians to look after Missourians would do that. #BluntGoBack2Koch
It would be wonderful if you also looked out for your fellow Missourians. You work for us.
Roy, this tweet is a big fat gopher ball. Enjoy the comments.
We have to because you're not looking out for us. VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE!!
Would be really nice if you would not vote for this healthcare bill but instead take a stance on a one-payer system. Your constituents would
something you are not doing..... looking out for the GOP, special interest sand your ilk.....not us folks in Missouri.....
How about looking out for us by voting no on Trumpcare
I agree. The voters of MO are looking forward to you looking out for us when the health care vote arrives. We will be watching.
It sure is, so why aren't you looking out for all the people who will lose their healthcare under the Trumpcare?
Some of us do, some of us only look out for ourselves & our donors. You're getting almost as ironic as the little guy in the W house.
If you want to replace and repeal something make it the president
And we will be raising $ for their medical bills after you take their health care away.
These kids are a shining example of caring! Yet you & GOP take our healthcare & Mo. GOP defund in home care for the disabled.
Rad! And how does it feel that you're gonna take away that kid's healthcare??
Get this incompetent, corrupt, lying fool out of #WhiteHouse . He is disgracing America as well as destroying by Pres Bannon #maga
Don't you think it's time that maybe you, our elected senator, did the same thing. 
VOTE NO ON TRUMP CARE.
Lord knows you didn't see them in person.  Face your constituents.
Someone has to since you won't
When are you going to look out for Missourians and VOTE NO on this healthcare bill?
