Wanna unite America? President Electoral Trump should renominate Garland for SCOTUS Justice.
LOLOL.....no way!
Trump already has a list of nominees.
and democrats need to block the process by any means necessary! Including non-elected democrats.
They can try all they want, but instituting the "Nuclear Option", they made it easy
I voted for Trump and he will do a great job. My grandchildrens future is very important to me.
Yep...but the SENATE sloths will meander along and allow the Dems to scream for months about it
We should wait till the Next Election in 4 years  to let the people have a say. It's to important
Maybe you should read the Constitution, and learn how this all works.,....
and we should start with putting Madonna in jail for her comment about the White House!
and we'll make sure we hold it till2020.
clear out your voice mail so we can send you calls it is full
of course, that's why you stoled Obama's choice.  You will reap what you sow.#LYING
Sickening. That vacancy was never Trump's to fill, and my Senator Roy Blunt is shameful.
Sharing Is Caring  Give A Little Raise Everyone https://www.gofundme.com/caregiverneedscaringtoo?rcid=d292bf23e1a74b718ea09fb09edafdbd …
6 years. You're gone. NO MORE BLUNT FORCE TRUAMA IN MO!
he and those racist in the supreme court gonna catch bullets!
the disgrace the Republican Party placed on the constitution by not filling scotus stains the next
They just used the "Biden Rule"....What's good for the goose....
@BarackObama was blocked from filling the vacant seat!  #amiright
wasn't blocked so much as had the "Biden Rule" used.
What's good for the goose...
you know this should have been done under Obama.Surprise the GOP didn't do their job. How you were elected is beyond me.
I also like Gowdy!!!
No bohemian grove visitors like the blackmailed john roberts, the sellout of Americans w Obamacare
No bohemian grove visitors like the blackmailed john roberts
Make it about protecting people including the unborn.
Merrick Garland for @SCOTUS!!! Show that you care about justice and truth.
this is why I voted for Trump no other reason!
Appointing a supreme court that will uphold the constitution will be one of his greatest actions
Has Trump read the Constitution? Have you?
....have YOU?
Our President NEEDS AND DESERVES TO HAVE HIS CABINET CONFIRMED! About ready to start marching!
Hey remember Obamas 80% approval rating then a small subset called the Tea Party whined like babies and destroyed our country?
I remember protests.....what was this "destroying our country" you speak of? Examples?
Obama had one of the largest mandates EVER and Trump has NONE! It was disgusting what they did. Trump actually DESERVES OBSTRUCTI
He HAS a mandate....it's called the Electoral College...Read the Constitution, and get over yourself.
Remember Merrick Garland no Supreme Court justice for 4 years!
Garland was a shitty nominee.....glad he didn't get a chance!
Will this appointment support POTUS alternative facts?
WILL BE THE FINIAL SPIKE IN ALL LOONS ASS,S!....THE COURT TO THE RIGHT FOR DECADES TO COME...
the new president should pick the justice in 2020.
and (get should )
@SenateMajLdr is the biggest stain on the United States.  Trump should nominate Merrick Garland!
so true
I am still baffled we are taking heat for trying to put a constitutional non-bias pick in
yea!!
there's absolutely no doubt about that history will remember
HITLER IS ON HIS WAY! With these words!
PRESIDENT TRUMP w/great instincts andgreat cabinet.His decision will change history and will go down as the most successful in2024!
all those racist on the supreme court gotta go and i dont mean voting them out! Must be taken out!
@CNN @cnnbrk @abcnews @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC /Obama INSTALLED 2 unworthy ppl. RETURNING FAVORS!
I highly appreciated your role in the inauguration. love that
..
And make sure Dems are seen as the obstructionists that they are.Push it thru Roy+Mitch.
Hi Roy. I'm from your home state. Please quit your job.
great more people making decisions based on their belief's of a magic man in the sky.
this was supposed to be President Obama's legacy #fauxnews .  Remember obstructionist piss ants!?
WINNING!! #MAGA
yes it is-why Evangelicals voted for him
ONE OF THEM!! – at Pawleys Island Beach
thank God for the fly over states
under.  I can imagine how ypu can't see it
He is a good man with flaws like all of us. Give him a chance
 Obama was really trying to take us
That's an awesome comment Maria!...Judge Napolitano or Judge Jeanine would be perfect for that!
just want dems to know,Pres trump is not a Hitler.  He id a man who is saving us.   With Gods help
No matter who he selects theyll cry about & try to block it just like theyre doing w/cabinet pcks
Agreed...and I am glad a Republican President will be appointing the next SCOTUS.
@MariaBartiromoThey hate,like those in Congress who still want division, No Show, YOUR FIRED! 68 need not show.
@CNN Its why he was elected, why I voted for him-to secure my children's & grandchildrens future
Sorry about your family's future generations.Trump & His ilk only take care of their own. Sad.
Trump not sitting on the  Supreme Court, so you keep trying.
that was obamas hope TO CHANGE IT.and we the people stopped that from happening.thank you jesus.
THERE ONLY JOB IS TO PROTECT IT not change it in any way shape or form
the Supreme Court pick and killing radical Islam..Isis will be removed from the face of the Earth
Well then that settles it Tel Aviv is the capital of Israel! #NoMoreWar
judges that will protect the constitution not CHANGE IT KEEP IT THE SAME
Agree
Roe vs Wade needs overturned, same sex marraige needs to be abolished, prayer in schools #BIBLE
Is the White House, Alzheimer Free-Zone or
Ongoing Geriatric Home?
regardless of what he does his legacy is already set as the biggest Nutjob liar
yes, provide for deporting of the unborn! Give legal rights to humanity, not just the "p" it pass
Appointment to #SupremeCourt Will Be his longest legacy, better do it before he's impeached!
Is #ComplyinTed on the list?  
You seem to have developed an analcyst in your main channel.
Accurate typo.
. Schumer and his demons will do everything they can to block that.
Take your time in picking this!! be sure he is for the Constitution 100% America needs it!!
god help us! The dangers that lurk with the maniacs choices
Like what, specifically?
Trump is going to be the greatest president we've had
