.@RoyBlunt Respectfully: you mean like how Senate Repubs rubber-stamped Obama's nominees?
.@RoyBlunt Or did you mean that they should ignore their constituents who are asking them NOT to do that, and just do it anyway?
You mean these constituents?
Just saying, voting for 1 person for Pres doesn't mean u have to like who they nominate for their cabinet.
Fair enough, I can agree with that...But, to block all the nominees...Not Right!
But they haven't been - Chao, Mattis, Kelly, Haley were all approved. Boycott is only on 2 nominees w/big concerns
Nobody going to block generals, unless they have a political death wish.
pardon my confusion - generals as in rank, or generals as in "these positions in general"?
if you couldn't do your job A YEAR AGO, you can't do it now. It's time for you to start listening to your voters. #StolenSeat
You must be kidding. Remember when the speaker read "green eggs and ham"? What a bunch of hypocrites.
Time for a certain Missouri senator to listen to his constituents and stop blindly accepting everything Trump throws his way.
So still supporting Trump after he lifted sanctions on Russia today? You are part of the problem. What do you have to gain?
It is your JOB to vet these picks and not give a blank endorsement.
@joehoft Confirm senator sessions today call 2022243121 demand a vote
Share it

shame on you you know Betsy Devos is not qualified karma will catch up she is one of your donors you are selling your soul
oh yeah. Like you confirmed Obamas nominee. I'll be asking them to block as long as possible.
wait didn't you also hold up Prez Obamas nominees? Pot calling the kettle black much?
You are your own echo chamber! Listen to your constituents, not your mirror!
we have a duty to choose qualified cabinet picks. Trump has not done that. To fall in line with him without question is misguided.
Please be mindful that many Missourians do not support @BetsyDeVos and Jeff Sessions. #DumpDevos #keepcalling
the majority of americans do hold the votes and stop the obstruction of american government
You just spent 8 years obstructing President Obama just for spite. His nominees were eminently qualified. Trump's are his cronies.
so much for representing Missouri!!! Resist the regime!!! Cabinet picks are a disgrace and you're on the wrong side of history!
It's clear you're the politician that gives them a bad name. THOUSANDS of constituents are telling you their thoughts & you ignore
how can we the ppl fire the obstructionist?
protect the people & planet, save EPA, workers health, wages,& freedom vote No on Stream Protection Bill & other issuesPLEASE!
Not thinking along party lines, some such as DeVos just aren't qualified. Sorry, but no, they don't get a pass.
MO resident. I believe this says a lot about who Trump has picked. Demand the best for MO and for the USA.
Would love to discuss this at a town hall! Come talk to your constituents! You work for us!
- Why?  Most of them are perfectly awful for the jobs they've been nominated for.  NO experience and only want to tear things down
American citizens do not want autocratic, misogynistic,racist people running ourcountry. Countrary to USA constitution our values.
With all due respect: Not if they're unfit for the role.
NO!
#Merrick Garland #stolenseat
I am one of your constituents, I am watching you.  Be a good republican and stand for democracy, not this administration.
Like the Republicans refused to even vote yes or no on President Obama's moderate Supreme Court pick, Merick Garland?  Hypocrites.
I'm surprised you support a government not held to federal regulations. #DeVosvote #holdthefloor  #swingthevote
you must be kidding...
I implore you to vote NO on AG nominee. Sessions campaigned for & with Trump. There is no doubt where his allegiance lies.
kind of like when the GOP confirmed Garland?  Oh yeah that's right....
OR time for Senate Repubs to get their heads out of the party's ass and do the right thing. The people do not support DeVos!
you use to be a moderate, what happened to you?
Remember you work for us! Not lying billionaires.
you mean like how Republicans worked for the last 2 years?
not when all of them are grossly unqualified and oppose the purpose of what they're nominated to represent/uphold. #ethicsRlacking
Your double standards are showing.
time for you to stand up to @POTUS
we elected Obama to fill vacancies in the supreme court but you all didn't allow him to fulfill duties. Shame on GOP!
Tom Price should be investigated for insider trading.
let's abide by the same process republicans did.
Time for President Trump 2 appoint people who r competent, ethical, and do not oppose purpose of agencies they're supposed 2 lead.
and that is my view as your constituent
time for Trump to stop picking cronies. Put America first.be a Champion for US and grow a spine.
Not on board with blanket 'must approve', DeVos a danger to education, not a savior.
so... extreme vetting for elderly refugees but not for unqualified cabinet picks?
No it' not time. Do your part and block these unqualified candidates. Your constituents are not happy with your muppet act.
If not Trump should start playing their game their are still exe orders dear to their heart he can reverse!!

How can you ignore all your constituents? Shameful!
If @POTUS would pick some reputable people, they would be confirmed. His choices are jokes!
The GOP spent the last 6 years obstructing. They would just be following your precedent.
Just like it was time to confirm Pres. Obama's judicial noms so we could have functioning courts? You're a hypocritical disgrace.
#NotoDeVos #NOtoSessions #NoToMuslimBan #NoToTrump #NoDAPL #NoToGorsuch say yes and #yourefired
do you even listen to your constituents that call and are disappointed over your decisions. No you are on your own agenda.
Oh, Puhleeeeze. Roy talking out of both sides of mouth again. This from the guy who wouldn't even meet w/ Obama's SCOTUS nom.
is this a joke? It's time for you to confirm Merrick Garland, and to stop being such a raging hypocrite with every word. #Garland
I'm proud to stand behind you! Don't listen to negativity and stand up for what's right!
Be careful what you wish for, it may come true & bite you in the ass. Make sure your tetanus shot is up to date.
So Trump's ineptitude is Dems fault because they won't rubber stamp his cabinet of greed, racism, & incompetence?
NO TO DEVOS. NO TO SESSIONS.
#notodevos #dumpdevos do not vote to confirm. As teachers we must be highly qualified. Why not the same expectation for SecofEd?
This is not business as usual
It is the fault of this administration that the nominees had not been vetted before this process began. Some are STILL not vetted.
Sorry to hear you say this. Your lack of objectivity is an oversight on my part. DeVos and Sessions are wrong for MO and USA.
Besty De Vos is an embarrassment! Voting for her is a sellout! Your constituents will not be happy! She is totally unqualified!
I don't think I would be too proud of this. Vote no!
Yep, like u + GOP did for previous president. Get ready for democratic backlash in 2yrs. You don't even answer your constituents.
so, youll be voting to put Merrick Garland on the court them? Hypocrite.
So you're on board with the #BannonaRepublic then? Party loyalty isn't much help when your party becomes a fascist state...
. You, sir, are a hypocrite.
don't act like your office hasn't been inundated with complaints about cabinet picks. You just suck as a representative.
All of the billionaire cabinet picks need to be thoroughly investigated and not rushed into! Stop letting them buy our government!
two words: Merrick Garland
you need to listen to your constituents. No Sessions. No DeVos. No Tillerson. And No Ban.
Most of them are not qualified.  so hopefully most of them will be blocked.  PS  empty your damned voicemail. #BluntBlocksMessages
Agree whole heartedly! But this does not mean blind trust. Please consider no vote for Devos. Missouri teachers agree- vote no.
he doesn't need a cabinet. President Bannon has everything under control. By the way, who was he confirmed by?
no. We must review all candidates and make sure they are qualified!!! Many aren't.
For reference: Antonin Scalia died Feb 13, 2016. President Obama nominated Merrick Garland March 16, 2016.
Oh the hypocrisy...  Do your job.  No on DeVos should be an easy one for you.  Sessions and Pruitt should also be a big "no"
sorry but no
It's time for Republicans in the Senate to hold the President responsible for choosing qualified cabinet members, not @BetsyDeVos
get off twitter.   You and your ilk didn't allow Obama to fill Scalia vacancy.   Screw you.  I hate hypocrisy.
You're on the wrong side of history. This Missourian does not support you or insane & unstable Trump.
Time for you and the rest of Senators trying to confirm these nut jobs to get your head out of your wallet and take a look around
DeVos is unqualified and will harm our rural Missouri public schools where there are no other options for education. #NoDeVos
Nervy tweet on the evening of Trump's SCOTUS announcement. I'm sure Merrick Garland agrees with your commitment to expediency.
Not until Merrick is seated
. @RoyBlunt #MerrickGarland
does this mean you're voting for DeVos? Even though she's clearly not qualified?
You aren't getting my messages because you're leaving your voicemail full.  No to DeVos.  No to Sessions. Bannon off the NSC.
Eager to get them past the ethics reviews are we?
#DumpDevos
you represent all of us in Missouri- it's embarrassing to see you so excited to confirm these unqualified nominees. Do better.
If you want the cabinet full, then demand qualified nominees! That would be an excellent use of your time.
explain to us, your constituents, why DeVos is at all qualified to be in charge of our schools, out future generations?
All nominees are grossly unqualified and inexperienced. THAT is why there is no vote. Let's see someone qualified first.
are you really not concerned with the direction that Mr. Trump is taking this country? What about us, your constituents?
How incredibly naive do you have to be to think Missourians don't see right through this stunt? Disgraceful.
were you willing to vote for Merrick Garlind? No, you were not. Talking out both sides of your mouth!
why won't you listen to us?
Put up some qualified candidates and then you'll get your votes
- Roy, Missourians do not support @BetsyDeVos. #DumpDevos #keepcalling
that is quite a hypocritical statement, sir
perhaps he should have picked some worth confirming.  NO on DeVos,
They (dems) are actually listening to their constituents unlike you!! #NoDevos
Dems should show the Republicans all the courtesy and deference that they showed President Obama. Sessions and DeVos are horrible.
why exactly?  Did you move Obama's SCOTUS pick forward?
oh hey, look! You took time away from your family, oh I mean lobbyists, oh I mean family, f it, it's one in the same #ImpeachTrump
you want elected officials to perform duties they were elected to do? Where were you when President Obama had a Justice nominee?
Thanks Senator Blunt for telling it like it is! God Bless America.
your staff didn't have answers for us today about your position but you managed in time for a presser?!?!
When they are fully vetted and not before. They should be treated the same way the people with green cards were treated
Amen!
you have been a leader of obstructionism for four years! Why are you shocked that retribution is taking place?
Two words. Merrick. Garland. Vote no on DeVos. Do the right thing for a change.
, your constituents deserve better than this #stopsessions #StopDeVos #StopPresidentBannon #resist
Speaking of confirmations, @RoyBlunt we're still waiting for you to #DoYourJob regarding Obama's #SCOTUS nominee.
Really Blunt? Why don't you just kiss President Bannons was.
oh the hypocrisy! Need I say more?
your constituents strongly disagree. Are you listening to us?
Time for you to stand up and speak out against #MuslimBan.
Time for you to listen to your constituents who have called and urged you to vote against @BetsyDeVos among others.
It's time you started listening to all the people in MO.  Don't vote DeVos--we know she gives you money!
disgusting hypocrite
not #DeVosvote! #Unqualified
don't confirm a racist. If not good enough for a judge then not good enough for a cabinet position.
if their not worthy of the position, they shouldn't be confirmed!
No!  Don't do it. Missouri deserves better.
Ahhh... the sweet, sweet hypocrisy of someone who didn't care at all about his responsibility to consider Garland.
only confirm if worthy. DeVos is not worthy. Our children deserve better.
I agree presidents should be able to appoint their own people. However, appointees must be prepared, & Betsy DeVos is clearly not.
Betsy Devos is a terrible choice for our kids and our educational system. As your constituent, I urge you to vote "no".
Are you listening to your constituents?  LOTS of opposition. Who do you work for?  We'll be watching. #Resist #StopSessions
Did you get my voicemail? If not I'll recap: #NoSessions #NoDevos
sure. Just confirm everyone. Who cares if there are serious questions about them. #turnablindeye
Mr. Blunt. You are clearly a morally bankrupt sycophant.Kindly find your humanity or resign your seat to someone who cares4theUSA
If Trump's Cabinet nominees weren't hell-bent on destroying the very departments they were chosen to lead, Dems might support them
executive orders are out of control. Stop it
if the cabinet picks were qualified for the job, I have no doubt they would get the yays. Obvs they aren't
we deserve better. These people are not qualified. Make Trump pick better nominees. MO is watching do the right thing.
Merrick Garland?!?!
Perhaps if we had better, more qualified nominees. NO on DeVos. NO on Sessions NO on Tillerson NO on Pruitt  #Resist #hypocrites
#VoteNO.Listen to your constituents not your party.We aren't going away.100 showed up today and more are coming. #Resist #disgrace
And our President needs all the help he can get.  It is also debatable as to the nominees qualifications.
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland,Merrick Garland,Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick...
see also Merrick Garland.
Does this mean you will be voting yea on all of Trump's cabinet picks regardless of qualifications?
No, it's time for you to listen to YOUR constituents when we tell you we think his cabinet picks are garbage and you can do better
as a Missouri resident I urge you to vote no on Sessions and DeVos. And ask why Bannon is on security council. #NoBanNoWall
no, time for you to take a stand and represent Missouri interests over your desire to serve a party!
We know you are a Trump fanboy but even you have to see that Sessions and DeVos aren't qualified cabinet picks
Don't worry Snowflakes. Blunt is a RINO. U will get what U all are whining about. If not, the Dems will just pout in a room again.
maybe the reasons for not confirming cabinet picks are valid? Isn't that why the government has these procedures in place?
are you even listening to us?
PLEASE say that to McCaskill... tired of doing without to pay taxes for her to hang out in DC protest instead of doing her job!
#noDeVoss #stopsessions You answer to us.
vote no on devos and sessions.....
Ashamed you are representing Missouri! Listen to us and vote no!
nope!
Time for you to stand up against the Klu Klux Kabinet Trump is trying to build.  #Historyhaseyes #Doyourjob and defend us.
NO!! Please do not confirm Devos or Sessions. Also, #NoBanNoWall #ImpeachTrump !
please #noDevos and #stopsessions. Maybe if he picked better and more qualified people there wouldn't be such problems.
I agree that obstruction isnt fair, but these arent typical noms. Trump isn't picking any dems, just very rich business people.
so is that your official stance? Yes to everyone Trump wants to appoint?
That seems to be his stance with this whole administration.  He's been perfectly content as a rubber stamp.
I've never voted for him and this proves why.
No, it's not! It's TIME for YOU to OPPOSE this nonsense. DeVos is terrible! Please listen to your constituents.  63070
now who is the party of no? Get cabinet selections confirmed so we can get our country going. Sick of d'dems. Nothing good 2 say
Umm, so you were definitely all about getting Merrick Garland confirmed, right? Right?
I think the Democrats should take a page from your Republican play book and RESIST
Listen to your constituents
I think it's time for you to get a spine and stand up for Americans and against a tyrant in the White House.
like the time Obama made scotus nom to replace Scalia in March and senate republicans wouldn't schedule hearings?
No, time for you to stand up for the people instead of the president.
Mr Blunt vote NO on Jeff Sessions and Betsy DeVos.
time for you to grow a spine & realize YOUR CONSTITUENTS don't want those horrible people running OUR government. Shame on you.
good one! Merrick Garland should be confirmed any day now right?
comparing a second term cabinet confirmation cycle to a first term cycle with terribly unqualified candidates makes you look daft.
you have Putin's cum on your face, Roy
No to many of these picks, and Bannon must go.
Nope!
as a Missourian I am disappointed. Y'all need some time to sort chaff here before rushing to confirm unqualified people.
#Resist
Time for you to start listening to your constituents and not your pocketbook.
