This is a new problem? The funny thing is that your solution probably involves tax breaks for minimum wage employers, right?
He'll be there longer. He was just reelected. Unfortunately
Then tell Donnie 2 Scoops and his playmate daughter to bring their businesses back to the states and out of China.
Don't forget to make the wealthiest pay their share. Oh, and make sure we can educate, heal, and protect our citizens. Take care of the poor
Roy admit it. Trump is full of it. there is nothing here to leverage. youre shilling for corp tax cuts not your constituents. stop
I  good roads, public schools, health programs, public radio, family resources, legal aid and help for those who need it. #taxme #icare
Nor should we remove deductions that the lower or middle class relies on to fund a business tax cut.  Same as raising taxes on mid class
You're right but we're also not forfeiting jobs and growth b/c of taxes so all is good. Get back to doing real work
You're not reforming taxes, but giving more tax cuts to the rich & corporations! BTW you are touting a tax bill that doesn't exist yet!
Where are you on #DefendDACA? Will you continue to support cruelty @realDonaldTrump shows to #MO Dreamer students & workers?
eliminate the Alternative Minimum Tax=give @realDonaldTrump multi-million dollar windfall. Tell us again how he isn't making money from this
You're really an awful person. I apologize for your parents not doing a better job raising you, but you can change
"the rule of law must be followed". Umm.... Joe Arpaio pardon sound familiar?  Where was the "rule of law" then??? He doesn't care about law
Stop listening to big corporations and listen to the people. Maybe a town hall would be helpful? Don't end DACA. #TheResistance
YOU need to fix this. It takes you people 6 months to tie your shoes so best start now. Fix this. God is watching.
Look at Kansas. Your philosophy doesn't work.
Say it again for the people in the back! #proven #failureguaranteed #taxmeplease
let's have a town hall to discuss.
He's afraid of that. He's basically a corrupt coward.
Blunt, you have no wisdom on this matter. All you have to offer is protection for your own wallet and campaign finances. You have no heart.
Have a town hall in Springfield so you can discuss in detail.
Or from illegal immigration #pathetic
Holding 800,000 Dreamers hostage to try to waste money on an imaginary wall is despicable.  Donald's lackeys aren't even cute like Minions
American should not be forfeiting jobs and opportunities because the unbounding greed of a few.
We are broken because corporations and 1% aren't paying their share of taxes. Jobs are forfeited because see above statement. #BigotPresiden
Missourians should not be forfeiting representation because you refuse to schedule townhall. #fakesenator
Like the 43,000 St. Louis area tax paying jobs to Mexico/Canada? https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU 
From where I sit, you want to increase my take home pay so I can fork it over to the insurance companies you pander to. REPEAL!
Devil is in the details, so where are they?   Just verifying before agreeing.
Hey Roy, can you name ONE company that actually pays the full tax? It's time you serve the people's interests. Not the corporations.
Business/Corporate taxes are just passed on to consumers through higher prices, with the government taking a cut, so raising them hurts you.
@RoyBlunt 
Why don't have some discussions on term limits for our representatives and NOT allowing lobbyists to be family members Too Soon?
One thing you republicans stay with the same lies
<tap><tap><tap>Is this thing even on?  
Another tweet into the void from Roy.
If we quit paying your sorry ass to ruin our state, that would save us some big $$.
How about we focus on livable wages and ending corporate welfare
By ending deductions for the middle class? 401k's not before tax home mortgage deductions? These are just part of the plan for the 1% graft
Your proposed tax changes do nothing to help the circumstances of the middle and lower classes. Ironically, many of them voted for you.
Tax cuts for corporations do nothing but cost the average person there is no proof  they create jobs, how about defending the working poor
America should not be forfeiting jobs & economic growth & STABILITY to the 1%.  Tax code should favor the poor and middle class and not rich
No thanks Blunt. Your tax policies for the rich have already thrown MO on the Poorest States in the U.S. list.
It's not taxes, it's wages. Fair wages will do more for ppl than a tax cut for big corps & billionaires. Prosperity rises from the bottom
Lyin'Ryan's true reason for HUGE  PERMANENT TAX CUTS for wealthy is to FORCE CUTS TO SOCIAL SECUIRTY & MEDICARE when Fed gov can't pay bills
And ppl in MO should not be going hungry because we rolled back the minimum wage.
Trump hasn't paid income taxes in a decade how is getting his and your kind a tax break good for the other 99%?  U spew lies and propaganda.
stop lying to them cause giving #tax cuts to businesses and then they will hire/expand or increase pay is a myth. Neva happened. Neva will.
6M job openings that can't be filled because we don't have skilled workers, you gut unions and education for the sake of ur 1% backers
Please take the time to learn how your constituents want you to proceed. Radio spots and Sunday morning news shows don't help us at all.
The answer is education you bought-and-paid-for Koch mouth piece for Trump!   But if u educate ur electorate they won't vote for ur  lies.
Dear Sir, here is something interesting for you to read when you get chance and I hope you will have wonderful day.
Stop misrepresenting the issue to appease your corporate donors.
We aren't forfeiting jobs due to our tax code. We have 6 million job openings in this country. Cutting taxes for the rich IS NOT the answer.
Other countries get the jobs bc US companies want cheap sweatshop labor. Tax cuts won't change that. #NotOk
I've heard you on the radio lately, "More take home pay. More take home pay." What I don't hear is, "Higher minimum wage". Push for that
Higher minimum wage sounds great, but it doesn't work like it sounds...ask Arizonans who voted in a big increase, then got laid off...
How much are you being paid for this opinion
You're still lying about this, Roy?
Trump team considering plan that would tax the $$ workers place into 401ks up front to pay for corporate tax cuts. http://politi.co/2wBsxoy 
Simplifying the tax code is NOT going to lower taxes for the American worker. It will lower taxes for the rich and for large corporations.
Trickle down doesn't work, the $$$ just gets bigger at the top. Minimum wage is stagnant, not enough to live on and execs give to themselves

How about support for DACA these people need to stay in country. They are not here of their own accord and have nothing to go back to
No, we forfeit them to other countries because of corporate profits. Your buddy Trump leads the way to cheap overseas labor!
