Our founders only intended rich, landowning white men to be voters.  I'm sure that's fine with you, though.
So you're saying you want to go back to owning people and only you being able to vote? Because that's literally what you just said. #Yikes
See, that's why we have things called amendments. You know, to fix things that had to be comprised on in the beginning.
Exactly. Our founders thought only landowning white men should vote & that slavery was ok. We know better & I would expect @RoyBlunt to also
And that's why we have 19th and 13th, they were the right move. When you're a judge you follow the law as it is, not how you want it to be
I agree but don't understand what that has to do with my taking issue with @RoyBlunt's repeated "founding fathers" rhetoric.
It means the constitution is like the Bible.  It can be used like a tool when it suits their purpose or ignored when it doesn't, a la Trump.
You're absolutely right, It can be used like that unfortunately, but it shouldn't be that way.
You mean APPLIED as the Republicans see fit! You are a disgrace to our state and country! Merrick Garland will come back to haunt you!
The founders intended for black folks to be property. Strict constitutional readings are a sham, unsurprisingly benefit the ruling class
Respectfully, I'd just like to bring up the 3/5ths Compromise when enshrining the Founder's intent.
do you know exactly what the founders intended? You probably think you know God's mind too.
Actually yes, we do know what the founders intended for nearly every single issue. Since they wrote about it extensively.
enough to cover the reality of today? Equality for women. Corporations taking over politics...
Yes. It's not as complicated as you think. You can apply principles to nearly every situation, it just takes a little work on your part
The whole reason to have a Supreme Court is to interpret the Constitution and Amendments.
Supreme Court should be a check on executive and congressional overreach. But it hasn't worked that way for a long time.
Are you home for Easter Break? Let's get together to discuss the Constitution.  Name the time and place.
He won't! He's too scared. 
Don't  like the rules so you change them. The process has no integrity now. Your democracy is a joke.  It is a stolen seat.
This is absolutely not a victory and it is absolutely not what they intended. Never forget Merrick Garland. History will judge the GOP.
Constitution : "he shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, Judges of the supreme Court." This seat is stolen.
Yes our founders also had slaves, wouldn't let women or minorities vote, wouldn't let women own property, believe in segregation.
I know ur so old ur out of touch with constituents but dont talk like u were at the signing of the constitution
Mitch McConnell lied when he said the American People spoke.  Give out the numbers each Sen. Phone calls yay or nay.
Injoy your  six years .retirement  coming very soon.
Like Garland wouldn't have been an excellent SC judge? The hypocrisy of "this" @GOP is pretty amazing.
Use some of that $185,500 you received for selling our internet privacy to rent an auditorium for a town hall meeting!
Disgusting that you would invoke belief in the Constitution after refusing advise & consent on #Garland as required by the #Constitution.
Your email response to me stating you met with over 2,000 people your first term was lame.  How many years ago was that, Senator?
Once again,  I believe that no one living today can know what the founders intended.  Quit making stuff up.
Really, you can't reallt say thst with a straight face after changing Senate Rules
Bullshit.  I am an American in your district, and I think he is a horrible choice.  I do NOT want this radical judge making law.
You mean with white male property owners being the only voters and black people only being 3/5 of a person?
This is a stolen seat and you are beyond complicit. I am ashamed to be represented by you. #hypocrite #partyovercountry #despicable
Translation = A victory for republicans who like their justices to side with corporations because...the constitution
You are the definition of hypocritical.
If law makers made perfect law I would agree with you. As to founding fathers being perfect, maybe not three centuries later.
Just Two Big Ass Holes!
You are the problem. One day you will see that.
Like how you should have voted on Merrick Garland?  When are you meeting with your constituents?
A victory for corporations & greedy @GOP and a loss for democracy. Shame on you.
Can we assume you aren't an American who believes in the Constitution since you ignored the last president's SCOTUS nominee for OVER A YEAR?
Bullshi$&&&@ u clowns will get payback down the road someday through legislation I just broke democracy
finally got that stolen Supreme Court seat filled. Was Obama's to fill but u weren't gonna let that happen. Winning includes cheating.
A loss to democracy as 60 senators could not agree for the 1st time in history.. a sad day
Every single thing our founders did was to allow the democracy to grow and change. To correct what they got WRONG. To make it BETTER.
a loss for every american who realizes the gop stole this supreme court seat and had to rewrite the rules to do it.
A SCOTUS appointment is for a lifetime;  a Senate position is not. Remember that
The Founders favored slavery, no voting rights for women/minorities, etc. The "Originalism" argument is asinine.
That's rich Roy. You shouldn't feel safe just because you're from a red state. No one is going to forget your words or actions
If you really believed that you would have moved the Merit Garland nomination forward...
Except in regards to Garland right?
Kiss off, Blunt!  If you truly believed this you would have worked on confirming Obama's nominee. You're an asshat!
wow you're not very popular around here Roy. This is not what MO wants and we will show you in our next elections.
How ironic you ignored the Constitution in order to steal Garland's seat.  #GOPFraud #StolenSCOTUS
In the words of your golden calf, WRONG!  SAD!!
the founders didn't intend for me to vote.
Unbelievable.  Your values are warped.
founders were racist & sexist & lived in very different America. They laid great framework, but that is all.
What about those Americans who care about Separation of Church & State? Or about hypocrisy? Or democracy?
Oh yeah, you don't represent us.
The Founders and the Constitution unambiguous that Obama's nomination should have been voted on.
Merrick Garland
You have no shame.
Victory was not for every American but you meant for every American Corporation! Our constitution doesn't say corporations are people too!
It's not a victory, it's a travesty.
On the other hand there are others of us who believe the constitution should be read and applied as our country grows and changes. JUSTICE
Did the founders intend the corporations to become people?

Here are who own Koch sucker @RoyBlunt.
Or did the founders intend a trucker should be frozen to death or get fired? Are we this immoral and heartless?
Please replace the words every American with companies your family lobbies for so this is a truthful statement
Good news, yet sad to realize "constitutionalism" should even need to be invoked to oppose... progressive thought, or whatever it's called.
Gorsuch = fakeSCOTUS
You are so full of it. You know darn well that Garland should've been considered but you & your party broke the rules and made a law. Shame!
The problem is most people do not know what is right and what is a privilege.
Or a hypocritical slap in the face, since you changed rules so your guy could win. And ignored rules so that Garland couldn't get a hearing.
Oh reeeeeealllly??
The same founders who agreed that America "is not, by any means, a Christian nation"? Who owned slaves? Who thought natives were a nuisance?
You can't pick and choose which of their intentions were worth keeping and which weren't. So, are you pro-slavery, or pro-interpretation?
Can you point me to anything - literally ANYTHING AT ALL - that indicates that the founders thought corporations should count as people for>
>the purposes of free speech? Literally *any* document.
Yes the constitution absolutely says "We the Corporations" don't you think?
Thank you senator, that is so true.
