Like a theft in the night.  Saw you trolling around on the Senate floor making sure your evil plan was going forward nicely.
@debby_lowery it is a disgrace that @RoyBlunt was elected.
Re-elected
oh by the way my family will invite you to my funeral, will you have the balls to show up #SaveACA #shameonyou
This is appalling.  There is no new measure in place! Its like a steamroller with no driver.
I have a pre-existing condition, and I am scared as someone about to finish grad school who has benefited from the ACA.
You took a critical step in bringing us Obamacare you lying RINO
we need the subsidies. my son works full-time makes $13,000 year. there is no way he could afford  $400 premium,needs subsidyhelp
I have a Pre-existing condition and depend on this part of the law in not being denied coverage.  Why would you do this!?!
This is a terrible idea! Repeal without an acceptable replacement puts Republican pride above the health of citizens. Do it right!
what's your plan to keep Missourians insured?
it would have been smarter and kinder to have a replacement plan in place before grinding your political axe.
over 200,000 Missourians will have no coverage now. Will you personally call them and explain why you don't care about them? #ACA
a voucher is not viable solution for all. Please don't repeal. Call it ACA and *poof* your anti-Obama problem is solved.
you don't have a replacement which means my 58 year old mother won't have insurance. Cover pre existing conditions if you're human
WTF ARE YOU SMOKING?
What are your solutions? This is what Americans want.
millions could die if you repeal this.
it is inhumane to rip healthcare from millions of Americans. Unless you are ready to announce a BETTER replacement please stop.
way to ignore the people you represent. How many of your constituents rely on the ACA for their healthcare? #RepresentUs
where is the replacement? Seriously! Where?
Getting rid of it 'paves the way' to what? What are your answers? Completely irresponsible vote. You're supposed to represent us.
another bold faced lie. The GOP has no plan.
it's the #ACA. Use the legal term. And you just hurt all of MO by your irresponsibilty.
despite the weather, we showed up at your office to let you know that your ACA vote was shameful!
Forget job losses & $2200 more for each senior on Medicare.  27% of those <65 are UNINSURABLE! #ACA
Paul Ryan got this wrong. It's not 8% but 27% of those <65 who are uninsurable due to a pre-existing condition. You know some of them. https://twitter.com/Atul_Gawande/status/809146332531269634 …
call it by what it is. The #affordablecareact helps YOUR constituents, many of which will die without insurance.
What solutions, Sir?  What is the GOP alternative that you have has 8 years to put together?
Do not vote to repeal this w/o having a replacement in place first. This will detrimentally impact many Americans.
Until we know what "a replacement" looks like...  there should be no repeal...  period.
Republicans sabotaged ACA just so can they can complain about Obama. Try putting America ahead of your party.
Shameful!!! This is life or death for many, including my son and you have no replacement!
Where is their better plan?
My Obamacare is quality and affordable.  It  is NOT the disaster you are trying to make it into. It needs improvement not repeal
and what will that do for missourians if it's repealed with nothing better besides put Americans at the mercy insurance companies
you're not doing us any favors!!  This action is nothing to be proud of.  Shame on you!
"paving the way" isn't yet a PLAN before repealing. So short-sighted. Your minions will suffer.
Repealing #ACA  and the pre existing conditions protections HURTS Missourians like my 9 year old son. #SaveACA
You should be ashamed trying to take insurance from the people of Missouri.
How do you propose your constituents with preexisting conditions now get health insurance?
Senator, your proposed  replacement seems to be a secret even from your staffers, two of whom I met on Tuesday! I love surprises.
And gee, Roy, What is your plan for replacement. Asking for 30 million friends.
My son has a pre-existing condition. Why are you trying to take away his guarantee of coverage? I really want an answer.
Repeal is bad! Please fix the failing things but don't take away our healthcare coverage #yourkillingyourconstituents
Missourians do not want the #ACA repealed. Please represent us. #acaworks #ACARepealDebate
Where is your replace plan?
you've voted against abortion. Why aren't you prolife once the children are born? Stop cutting healthcare to children!
No alternative is proposed. Your office told me no repeal without replacement. Lying to the people? #notlosingyourhealthcare
Your actions are endangering the health of millions of Americans, many of them children. That is unacceptable.
If you & the other Republican shills for the insurance industry had solutions where were they 6 years ago?  U don't represent MO!
Only a heartless ass votes to repeal ACA, against medicare, medicaid, social security, & then brags about it!  Disgraceful!
This is not want Americans want.
Instead of repeal, fix the shortfalls of ACA.
You've had 8 years of obstructionism and now there's no replacement plan?
What is the plan for replacement? Inquiring voters want to know.
and how many people lost coverage including children???
I say Bulls**t sir...you gave a HUGE tax break to the mega wealthy and set up millions to die without health insurance.
not only should you have had solutions, but you don't remove ACA until you know there's a solution. What is your solution?
we all now can have shamans and witch doctors to go to.
How does it feel to be nothing but scum? Were you born as scum or did you develop it over time?
It's irresponsible and unacceptable to repeal #Obamacare w/ no replacement. You're playing a political game w/ people's health.
20-50K people a year could die without the insurance the ACA allows them. Children, Senator. Voters. Missourians. Americans.
Shame on you! Are you going to pay their hospital bills?  We haven't heard one Republicaton solution yet.
thousands will now die because you along with the GOP Senate have nothing to replace ACA! Do U care? Why did you not improve ACA?
Did you not hear that 46% of your constituents aren't happy with your record in Washington? Good luck w/reelection after this.
shame on you for making me sick again by taking away my healthcare
where's the replacement? Oh, wait you don't have one. Might have been working on that these past 6 years, no? Unconscionable.
you and all that voted with you should be known as murderers
I'm a constituent. I don't support repeal w/o an acceptable replacement! What is your plan? #ACA #NoRepealWithoutReplace
just called your office and voiced my opinion that it is irresponsible to repeal ACA w/o replacement. Your office advised 1/2
that you have not released on statement on pre-existing conditions, children under 26 parent plan, etc. WHAT IS YOUR PLAN? 2/2
Please don't leave Americans in the lurch by repealing ACA BEFORE coming up with an alternate plan!
those of us with pre-existing conditions need the ACA!
please do not repeal the ACA! I'm a business owner with M.S. & Crohns & I need my insurance!
One word for you "deplorable "
pave the way with what, exactly? Meanwhile millions have no coverage.
Yet you and the rest of the GOP have no plan in the works to replace. People with preexisting conditions needs ACA to live
You represent me. My insurance is through the ACA. Why would you repeal it when you have nothing to replace it? Why?!
Please let us know what your replacement plan is. We need details and a timeline, and assurance that we won't lose coverage.
senate needs replacement plan before repeal. No delay. You are not listening. GOP has no solution for replacement. Insanity.
ACA RALLY TOMORROW!!!  https://www.facebook.com/events/110640986110280/?ti=cl …
What solutions??? All you've done is removed access, I have yet to hear a proposed solution. You've had SIX YEARS! #SaveTheACA
but where is this secret replacement?
Please don't remove preexisting conditions clause. #cancersurvivor #cancer #fuckcancer #taxpayer #voter
No replacement? YOU ALL PROMISED A REPLACEMENT. LIARS!!!!
Do you have replacement yet? When do you plan to have a replacement? People with pre-existing cond. are screwed. You're killing us
You've had 7 years.  What is the solution to expand access to quality, affordable health care?
.@RoyBlunt so please share how you are going to expand health care to the 20 million people you just voted to take it away from
.@RoyBlunt what are those solutions? How could you vote for a bill that has zero solutions? It's irresponsible and foolish
Abolish all group insurance and let individuals purchase coverage in a real open market. Make companies compete for EVERY customer
republicans has not presented a solution-no one has seen shit on paper.
Those two statements are contradictions. Repealing ACA reduces access.
Stop lying!
Stop trying to kill your constituents!
you’re my hero. Well, my anti hero. Thanks for killing the sick and infirm, what have they done for us lately am I rite?#obamacare

It's called the Affordable Care Act & it helps millions of Americans. We don't want it repealed. We want affordable health care.
I'm a Republican in Missouri and I don't support your repeal. Please represent me.
Put aside your hatred of Obama and take care of your constituents (not just your Republican ones). Repealing ACA is irresponsible.
repeal a plan that's basically a conservative idea just because Pres Obama's name is attached to it.  Petty.
As a constituent, I need to know how you intend to protect people with pre-existing conditions. Do you have a plan?
As long as @RoyBlunt is cozy & comfortable, he & his lobbyist family are AOK!
"Pave the way for"? As in, "we don't have any yet"? You need a new solution before you get rid of the old.
I live in Missouri & have family insured by ACA. You & GOP have offered no solutions to ensure they'll keep their care. It's irresponsible.

Except you've given ZERO details on your expansion. And you voted against guaranteeing coverage to those with pre-existing conds.
So you still wish to repeal without a replacement ready? That seems very irresponsible, if not sadistic
And replace it with what? Ideology is the only reason the ACA is being attacked. How many Missourians will lose their policies?
please do not repeal the ACA without a reasonable plan.
Repeal & ??? is STILL not a plan.  Missouri expects better! #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Please don't take my family's healthcare away. @SaveTheACA
