I have a feeling they've shut down fax services so he can ignore the the people's will. Been hearing from others faxes aren't going through.
I understand your frustration!  It's beyond saddening.  We have no decent representation here in Missouri.
It needs to be changed now..., since you've stripped from it any possibility of it providing affordable care. You own this, can't hide now.
The only  healthcare that will be fair for everyone is Universal Healthcare.
If individual premiums for those without tax credits don't go down I'm cancelling my health insurance at end of year & 0 penalty.
Why does the GOP want to un insure poor Americans? Shame on you!
Why didn't the GOP join in a bipartisan plan 8 years ago?  Greedy and disgraceful!!
Then fix it.
It served Americans with preexisting conditions quite well.
Some GOP representatives IS what is wrong with USA now, starting with @POTUS. You, sell out SOB are a poor excuse of a senator.
Yes, to a single payer system, not into something out of a dystopian nightmare that only helps rich healthy men!
It is a lot better than the manure the House passed.
You know what needs to be changed?  You!! I will do everything in my power to see that you never get elected again.
The current plan doesn't fix the problem. As someone you represent, I ask you to vote no. Mental health & pre-existing coverage is critical
Then fix it.  Don't replace it.  We don't want it repealed.
why aren't women involved in the decision making process?
And why is that Roy?  Could it be that rather than work together, you simply whined and cried for the last 7 years?  #DoYourJob
Could it possibly be that you are taking money from insurance companies and Big pharm? How about a town hall b4 you vote?
Single payer = lower medical costs and coverage for all. It's a no-brainer for those who care about every American citizen.
Why can't all Americans have the same healthcare as members of congress?
First change - put you out to pasture
INS MUST COVER:  Dr vis, labs, hospitalization, prescriptions,EMR, wellness checks, prevention, rehab, mental health, ambulatory, pregnancy!
AND it is evident that the bill that came from the house will do even less. I have reviewed it + prices. It is unaffordable 4 me/@KirkNason
Roy listen to your own statement. Insurance companies are the problem, not Obamacare.
I heard that insurers have been leaving because they don't know what the government is going to do. Imagine, the gov is the prob @KirkNason
We have many rural counties /w no med ser. I hear PP was pretty good. Why don't U come home + hear what we want, @KIRKNASON @SenateDems
The AHCA is not the answer.  Improve what we have already, don't replace it with this draconian bill.
Please tell us your ideas
1
2
3
4
5
What needs to change and why?
Missouri did not expand Medicaid under Obamacare, What makes you think they will do better on their own?
Don't pretend you care about healthcare if you pass this TAX-BREAK for the wealthy - Just how stupid do your think we  are in MO?
I'll believe the ACA replacement is good when you and your family  use it!
A large part of the reason it's not working well is the obstruction from the Republican party.
Repeal and replace your IQ score.
63101 here. The AHCA will not serve me as well as ACA does. As FT freelancer, I am screwed. Make better, not worse. USA, not GOP.
Soooo.  You don't think people will get hurt by this selfish plan?   Waiting for CBO score.
Our nation should protect healthcare for children who have no control over their parents income or illnesses they were born with.
Changed to a single payer system like all other civilized nations.
Shut up Roy for the love of all things good. An oligarch has taken over our country and you stand by and do nothing.
oh yeah? cool. let's discuss it at a town hall! oh, wait. you don't do that. and your fax machine never works.
You mean gutted?? Hope you have another job lined up.
How much money have you taken from insurance companies? You are looking out for their interests, not ours. #doyourjob
hey! john from missouri here. you're not cool with this firing comey thing, right?
Na na na na hey hey hey goodbye.
You're not serving Americans. We won't forget either.
Town hall in St. Louis, we want to see you.
So cutting medicaid and providing tax break at the time is your idea of a solution?  Get real.
It has served us well and needs to have some fixes that improve it... no hi risk pools been there done that people over party
Hey Roy, how about doing a town hall? -A Constituent
Your insistence to ignore the consensus is exactly what breeds dissident from which revolutionaries are born. For this I applaud you.
Disagreeing Senator.  The current health care system serves my family very well.    Please do not allow it to be changed w/ irresponsibility
Roy Roy Roy u should work with/ Dems 2 fix but no u must flex ur power & screw Amer ppl. Many don't know u guys subverted ACA See ya in 2022
If you had a town hall you could hear what Missourians want & need in healthcare. We actually are more informed than you about what we need!
ACA needs tweaked but Trumpcare aka: Tax Break for the Rich Care leaves over 20 million w/o healthcare & cuts Medicaid for those who need it
#Access is not health care. High-risk pools are insufficiently funded to protect pre-existing conditions. Make #ACA better; don't repeal it!
This not gonna do it. Please get on the repair train.
Agree, but should not be a tax break for the wealthy like the AHCA. Ask experts and listen and hear constituents concerns.
And the worst part is you know it
Wrong Roy. ACA just needs to be improved. Trumpcare will kill too many.
Can't go on a real news station because the truth hurts.  You'd rather see me dead then do the right thing.
Oh yeah, repeal Obamacare and replace with trumpcare where you get huge tax breaks and are exempt from the shitty parts. #wewillremember
Please work to improve ACA with @SenateDems
Cutting Medicaid sure isn't the answer either. Support Medicare for All, not heartless Trumpcare!
Yeah, it's called single payer, not the #ACHA. We want actual healthcare, not something that'll kill us.
YOU are not serving Americans.  You are serving yourself!  Shame on you and your gutless devotion to money, money, money!  #Sad #DefundGOP
Medicare for All!
Our current Republican Senator just isn't serving Americans well either.
Just keep in mind that insurance is the practice of everyone paying a little for great good for the few that need it. Read Paul O'Neil.
Then you should change it and improve it but not repeal and replace it with something much less effective.
I am sure that's what your wealthy donors who will benefit from the tax cuts tell you everytime they make a donation.   The rest can die!
Revised... please don't vote for that horrible crap Congress passed.
If it's so bad WHY DO THE HOUSE AND SENATE exempt themselves from trumpcare and keep the ACA?
sounds plain but is misleading. Many parts of Obamacare work well, like serving people with preexisting conds affordably
As a citizen of Missouri, please read and understand. The current bill before you is not the answer.
People of Missouri roy does not give a damn what we the people think
Why don't u ask missourians got a problem with that?oh wait ,u don't want to talk to locals nose still rooted in McConnells rear
Trump fired FBI director. Please SAVE US from Trump
#penceisaliar #Russiagate #SallyYatesIsAPatriot #kremlinklan #impeachment #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Trumpsliesmatter
AARP DISAGREES
Healthcare for all, Sen. Blunt. That's what this constituent wants. Not tax cuts for the rich. Fix ACA--don't repeal it!
Are you afraid of bipartisanship?
All 48 members of Senate Democratic caucus write to McConnell asking him to drop Obamacare repeal efforts & work together to fix health care 
Is it true that no women are on the Senate work group to come up with a plan? Think maybe a female perspective might help?
AARP disagrees
YOU aren't serving Americans well, and THAT needs to be changed.  If you'd hold town halls you might learn something about what we think.
You're not fixing health care tho. You're financing a tax cut for rich people. (I'm "rich." I don't want the tax cut.)
Senate better do it right. I will not vote for you again if it's like House bill.
You all had 7 years to make it even better..but you didn't.
Ok.  Fix it.  Don't make it worse.  That's what AHCA does.  It guts preexisting conditions from employer plans.  FIX IT.
The majority of Americans disagree with you.
Again, you made sure that it didn't work and you continue to make sure that it doesn't work.
Obamacare needs to be tweaked, not dismembered. @townhallproject
Changed yes gutted no #preexistingcondition should not be a death sentence
The AHCA Covers far fewer Americans and guts Medicaid. It weakens Medicare too. It is worse for Missouri. #saveaca #movoter
The ACA's patient protections must be inviolate, esp. the ban on lifetime caps, bc caps leave ppl 1 illness/accident from financial ruin.
That's why the Medicaid expansion you and your party refused to take exists. It was literally created to prevent this. You caused this.
The public option would be a great change!
TRumpcare/Wealthcare- take money from sick, elderly and poor, so you can give it to Billionaires who fund your campaign.
Yes, Obamacare doesn't work well in a state where the GOP hobbled its implementation. That's the problem. Fully implement it, don't kill it!
Truth.
How about streamlining it then, don't dismantle it.  How will you look in the eyes of this affected?  That's right, you won't. #RESISTANCE
The wealthiest among us don't need yet another tax break at the expense of the marginalized, under-privileged and under-served.
Tax paying your health care is not working  either Time to pay you own way and stop living and taking from taxpayers
When are you going to publish your price list so your constituents can get attention and actual representation?  AHCA is horrid.
If you want to convince us, hold a Town Hall
I'd really appreciate a detailed answer please.
Admit the bones of Obamacare are good. Please quit wasting time with repealing ACA and work with Dems to improve ACA instead.
portions are working and need to be kept: subsidies, pre existing  coverage, standard benefits
Senator Blunt can you tell us what changes you propose to the house bill, if any? In detail please.
Obamacare requires pre-existing conditions to be covered standard benefits, and limits on charges for older person
Obamacare is serving 250,000 Missourians. Your plan will cause them to lose their insurance
Well you aren't going to improve it by taking a trillion out for wealthy people to have a tax break.  So..I just don't believe you.
The GOP will cause quarter mil Missourians to lose subsidy and insurance while giving HUGH tax breaks to wealthy.
Get involved Ray ..make Missourians proud..sell this to the Dems
Republicans like you are quick to point out ACA shortcomings, but you never admit that it's Republican intervention that causes them.
If you think the house put through qualified as something other than a tax cut, you have no business being in office.
Absolutely needs changed. How about everyone in America gets the Congressional Small Business™ insurance package?
I've voted against you every time. And I will continue to do so.  And I hope to god you don't retire before you get handed a loss
There is no doubt ACA needs work but taking away health coverage from 24 million people to give the rich a tax break is not the way to do it
This AHCA bill isn't even healthcare. It's just a tax cut. If Roy thinks anything good came from the house, he's the problem with Healthcare
Don't come back to Missouri if you cut $900 Billion from Medicaid.
