was your wallet in the cemetery? Because that seems to be the only thing that gets you to speak up?
This act is disgusting. Yet it pales in comparison of the vandalizing of America that Congress & Trump perpetrate with impunity.
Thank you for speaking out!  It is deplorable!!!
let's talk about this at one of your town hall meetings....
Stop ignoring your constituents- Don't repeal ACA, improve it! Jeff Sessions needs to step down so we can get a fair investigation
Put your words into action.  Stand up to racist and anti-semitic Trump.
I agree 100%. Would you please get to work passing Trump agenda. You are burning opportunity which is a favorite past time of gop.
May I ask what is the Trump agenda that you're so eager to get passing?
#MAGA
If you were a state delegation deciding whether to join the US or not that would be a huge decision. You'd
Thank God for the Muslims that collected over $20,000 in just hours to the help even though the same Trump vandals scare them
then stop allowing trump to spread atmosphere of hate and discrimination.
And yet you praise the same DJT who suggested that Jewish community is making threats against itself? #TwoFaced #MOisWatching
It is obvious Trump & assoc's are connected to Putin! Investigate Putingate-Jeff Sessions is impeding investigation. DO YOUR JOB!
Supporting Trump & the Republicans who are afraid to stand up for TRUTH is an affront to the values we hold dear as Americans.
I don't believe you are sincere. You support 45 who has a antisemitic as his top advisor. Do your job #BanBannon
I wish Trump would come to Missouri and see what horrible acts was done. Thank you for all you do for us in Missouri.
Yes it is disgusting. Know what else is? 45 and the GOP's vandalism of the ACA, the Great Society, and the New Deal. Last term.
And deplorable acts like graveyard vandalism are such a fine distraction from the Putin, Trump & Co. corruption. Investigate!#MAGA
Do your job. Your work for the people!  It is your job to do what is right for the people! Supporting Trump is NOT doing your job!
Tell that to the Hater in Chief. Maybe a guy endorsed by the KKK wasn't such a good idea, eh? BTW, still waiting for townhall!
These kind of acts are caused by people from the Alt Right.  You need to tell Trump to get rid of Bannon.  He is a hater. Fire him
could you tell trump to act like an AMERICAN leader and speak out against antisemitism B4 he is asked to, over and over again?
you really have so much Obama hate in you (8 years) that you will just pass anything no matter that it hurts your state?
This does seem to be the case.   Blunt's a part of the good ole boy's club. He never votes against party lines
So is putting our children's education in the hands of Betsy DeVos. This happened in MO. What took you so long to respond?
too busy to come and see for yourself?
where are you? None of your offices know. It's District Days, so you should be in MO. We pay your salary, remember? #RecallBlunt
Hold a town hall
this heinous act was due entirely to the antisemitic beliefs of those in the WH. Stand up against them. Do the right thing.
Thats what happens when your President preaches hate and hangs with neo-Nazi white supremacists like Bannon. Asking for it.
disgusting acts of cowardice by Republicans. How about a town hall
looking for you Ol Roy.
Did you just wake up from a coma? This is almost old news roy.  Social media moves faster than that.  Probably to busy with trump.
Where are you at. The people need to engage with your policies. Where are you?
Awww Roy, it's nice of you to care, but tell me, why is this come from Washington DC on your time off, rather than f2f in MO
Why don't you come to St. Louis & have a town hall mtg. We can discuss origins of anti-Semitism from the WH #RecallBlunt
Thank you for speaking up.
No mention of the rise of anti-Semitic violence since the election of Donald Trump? I'm disappointed.
So do something.  Get out there and help fix it.  Anti any race, color, creed or sexual persuasion is wrong.
This is true Roy, u want to tell the president he should get on board or r u lacking of backbone 2 confront The Donald?
You waited for trump before speaking out against anti Semitic acts. That and your lack of town halls speaks to your cowardice.
It's too bad our President doesn't really care. Some SINCERE words from him might help but he won't utter them.
wow that took you bit...when you holding a town hall? P.S. if anyone's 'paid' to be there it's because they took paid vacation
you really can't stand up to your party to stand with people of your state and the United States
Agreed. Thank you for the courage to speak out against acts of hate. Will you say the same the next time Muslims are targeted?
you can't tell Trump real Christians are taught not to intentionally do and/or say things to hurt others
you can't say to Trump real Christians are taught not to insult and demean those with disabilities
So you have come out of hiding...WE WANT A TOWNHALL NOW! 2143 days left n office for you, #TrumpPuppet!! #LastTermBlunt
These vandals were emboldened by having an anti-Semite in White House. Bannon and Trump have responsibility in this too. Fix this.
do you have so much hate in you? You can't tell Trump real Christians are taught by faith (and parents) not to be a bully?
it's really okay with you to hear Trump call everyone not his race or religion "those people"?
you been to Missouri to see trees blooming, weather in 60-70's for days in February but you aren't concerned about climate change
you supported Trump, you sold him to voters; so yeah you get to answer for him! You really don't care about quality air control?
how you feel about Trump using the words "enemy of the people" guess that's okay with you since you said nothing!
you really think it's okay to repeal the ACA and then replace it with a plan that costs more and gives less? Remember death panels
Then stand up to 45. Act like a man and a United States Senator for Gods sake.
about it being okay for coal sludge to be dumped in rivers and streams, that really okay with you?
keep supporting trump Roy your bringing this to Missouri
If you'd like to pass judgement on STL, you should at least come hear our judgements as well. Town Hall now, please
They certainly are... hatred is running rampant.  :(
so good to see you. Just asked Sen. McCaskill if she knew where you were - now about that town hall you are avoiding
This is because of the Trump Republican rhetoric.  As long as we continue with the hateful speech, this wi continue.
As are indiscriminant deportation sweeps! Shame on all you hypocrites!
Thank you Senator Blunt.
