wrong again blunt we all can't be lobbyist for u
Less taxes & a few dollars of savings don't matter if you can't drink the water or breathe the air. Just ask Flint MI. No thanks.
most of the energy plants have already made the modifications so the rate hikes are coming anyway
I would rather pay higher rates now and invest in solar and wind. That's where real jobs are. Climate change is real!!!
Great! Make Missouri polluted again! #whowantedthis?
I was wondering how long it would take for meth to invade your family. I think I prefer CLEAN AIR AND WATER. #GOPfuckstheplanet
NPR report black lung being diagnosed in much younger people than before. Companies deny it. Killer industry we shouldn't be happy
you talk about reducing the deficit for our children and yet you're willing to ruin the planet?
my family doesn't want to kill the planet in the meantime. Rolling back rules does just that. #notok
Another antilife move by a so-called pro-life person!  Don't you know we need clean air and clean water to live? Shame on you!
Relief from clean air and water? From clean  energy and a bright future? Relief from first world status?  This MO family says no thanks.
My son has asthma It's vital 4 his health & many n MO 2 have clean air regs. Huge differ. on ozone alert days & ability 2 breathe
You have grandchildren, right? Are you willing to risk that the planet won't be viable by the time they're your age?
He apparently don't care about them either. Nor us. Just him and his DC mansion.
So wrong. Please look at your priorities - you are taking away our grandchildren's health and future.
Do the right thing, Sen. Blunt. Trump doesn't have a 36% approval rating for nothing. Save our environment.
Disgusting how these creatures have abandoned normal decency, or any sense of who they work for. #whowantedthis?
Roy...do you even LISTEN to your constituents?  Or just the ones that line your pockets green? Again...UGH!
The answer would be no. Betsy DeVos bought his election, ensuring the dumbing down of MO & ruining what we love.
missouri has the lowest cost of living in the country! I'll pay extra to keep the smog away
well if we used renewable forms of energy, THAT WOULDN'T BE AN ISSUE! Can you hear me now?
can you provide the data showing that the #cpp raises the average missourian's utility bills more than a few #hamiltons? 1/2
please do a survey of your constituents on the major issues. You're getting things very wrong, over and over. It's embarrassing.
How sad that @GOP doesn't seem to care about the future of our planet. Don't you have children and grand-children?  I do!
I highly doubt City Utilities will be cutting the bills, especially since they have no competition and we HAVE to pay them...
https://www.epa.gov/cleanpowerplan/fact-sheet-overview-clean-power-plan …
I'll be relieved when you're voted out of office. 
if it's only a little $ per family, isn't it a worthy investment for keeping the  around 4 longer? And decreasing #asthma deaths?
Have you perhaps noticed that sentiment among those you WERE ELECTED TO REPRESENT don't want this?  #whowantedthis? PolluteMO?
So will our rates go down???  I'm guessing not.  And bad for the environment rules.  A double whammy!  #IWillPayMoreToProtectOurOnlyPlanet
I pay $5 more on my Ameren bill each month to support clean power. Because I care about our planet
You claim to care about kids with cancer and then vote to pollute our air. Do you even see what an evil hypocrite you are?
You will be out of office soon. You and your entire corrupt family
Ignore the whining liberals about "killing the planet".  Missouri has the right to enact its own pollution regs. Destroy the EPA.
Stop lying.This wont save money for working families. This will enrich corporations at the peril of our environment.
who had major rate hikes? We have some of the cheapest electricity in the country
Have you seen WallE?  Protect the Earth not the Russians ! #ComradeNunnes
Missouri families would like to breathe clean air - you ASS!  Get your hand out of the pockets of big business, little man.
How about leading the charge for cheaper renewable energy in MO instead and cut our dependence on coal?
Any actual data to justify this ridiculous claim Roy or are you once again making it up as you go? MO children deserved more.
Seriously clean power plan is a bad thing? How much r coal producers sending your way? At what cost to environment? Does @GOP care
perhaps if you repubs hadn't pulled the guarantees to insurance companies we wouldn't be in this mess.
What about all of our Missouri peach farmers loosing their 3rd crop in 4 years to climate change? They have families too right?
Stop supporting Trump's dirty energy deals, most of us would prefer paying a bit more so our kids will live better
yes...I'm so glad we will be leaving earth to our children and grandchildren.  Oh wait...no, we won't.  Glad to save a buck. Ugh!!
none of this is good for Missouri Ol Roy. None of it.
You're being unfair to the views of your constituents. Are you willing to hear from them or is your mind already made up? (again)
But what happens to agriculture when acid rain falls or Missouri warms to a 9b or higher planting zone?
relief in the form of tax breaks for corporations?  It won't trickle down and you know it! Dark$=Tyranny
You & Admin only care about yourselves and how much money you can make.  The Future?  You won't be there, so it doesn't matter
Actually, rural Mo is spending less on gas... and making money on renewables.  You're from MO, right?
he hasn't been from Missouri for a long time.
you just need to stop. Concentrate on Sessions lying under oath.
You mean relief for the fossil fuel industry. Our interests are not served by more rapidly destroying our environment
Show Me air & water pollution that won't cost Missourians an arm & a leg... & a lung
Those regulations exist to keep our planet in a livable condition. You might be close to death, but what about your grandkids?
Please. I'd rather leave an earth that is suitable for habitation than save a few bucks.
What is your plan then to move toward renewable energy and protect the environment?
@SWMODems @MoDemParty that's right! Keep poisoning the planet to keep those big oil & coal bucs coming in to line ur pockets with!
Gosh Roy, seems like your "constituents"aren't on board. And #whowantedthis?
Enjoy that relief folks! Enjoy it for as long as we have an earth to rape and pillage. #letourkidsfigureitout
