And the proposed isn't better. Listen to your constituents. Vote NO.
How you & ur colleagues can promise lower premiums, better coverage, then try to push this crap on us is mind-blowing #SenateHealthCareBill
The Senate bill will help to right this terrible 8 year wrong now resulting in no insurance for Americans #RepealAndReplace
You are NOT working for us! How much $ have you received from the Med. & Pharm. industries? I'm sure I can look this up & report back to You
Any change that impacts children negative is wrong.  Cutting Medicare/Medicaid is wrong.  Represent Missouri not Trump
If you and your colleagues pass this bill and more Missourians lose coverage, we won't forget it, Senator.  Not now, not in 2018, not ever.
and bombard him with tweets and facebook posts. The dems are even begging us to fly to Washington to stop this people killing bill.
WRONG. My Obamacare costs only $125.00 a month, and is quite good.
It can be fixed! You just won't do it!!
I am a constituent and I want you to vote #NOonAHCA!
I give up, our future is screwed!

@JasonKander2020 will definitely unseat @RoyBlunt in 2020. I  every social media ap I own & all my extra  2c U lose #MO 2 @JasonKander https://twitter.com/madabout5/status/878095035916361728 …
Roy's term is up in 2022.
Senator, you are not working for Missouri.  You won't do town halls & ignore us. Cutting Medicare/Medicaid will hurt too many. Listen to us!
Senator, this bill offers nothing to your constituents!  Please hear us and oppose!
You can't vote yes on this god awful bill, I didn't vote for you but you do represent our state so I hope you make the right decision
No to Trumpcare......
Please don't vote until after the break and you have met with your constituents. You represent them and NO ONE ELSE.
Have town hall meetings across Missouri so you know what Missourians want
Then FIX IT!
Because you and your colleagues are destroying it in support of the massive insurance companies.
A bill that kicks 22 million people off insurance to deliver $569 billion in tax giveaways to rich people is not a "health care" bill.
What have you done to try to strengthen it?  Repair, don't replace.
The solution is to fix it, not gut the program and put into place a program that kicks the most vulnerable off of their insurance.
No, you are not working!! Do your job & put our country before your party!!!! 
our GOP solution for ACA issues?  throw 23,000,000 citizens off health care, streamlining the system by purging it of the sick and elderly..
...additionally, the GOP will throw in free coffins for citizens who lose their coverage and succumb to pre-existing conditions in 180 days.
Senator, you represent the State of Missouri.  Have you forgotten our motto.  SHOW-ME.  Show us the GOP version.  Tell McConnell.
They wouldn't show it because it is horrendous. Tax cut for rich paid for by poor.
Mid-terms are coming up Royee.  We'll be well rid of you.Unless only supporters are allowed to vote by then.
So giving tax breaks to wealthy Americans and gutting Medicaid will fix it?
This Missouri barn just found out you're going to strip health care from millions of Americans.
You are a blatant, shameless, shill for traitors and thieves. Your vote will be remembered. #NoAHCA
what a joke u and the other reps are with this huuuge tax breal for the rich and cutting insurance to millions of people
Hope #missouri wakes up! Your feeding them false info. Cuts r huge/loss of coverage 2 millions #trumpcarekills Vote NO or #resign #disgrace
This is a tax cut for your donors thinly veiled as healthcare reform.

Allergies, seriously @RoyBlunt , your bill deliberately targets ppl with seasonal allergies??? Oh for fuck sake...#MO4 @funder https://twitter.com/MoveOn/status/878335106477424640 …
Because GOP cut funding. Now you're gutting Medicaid and will exactly put children and elderly in worse shape. Do not repeal ACA!
you are a sad man!
If you construct a plan that only Republicans will support, won't it be replaced next Dem President? Work for entire country for a change
Your proposal is no system at all. Proving you are only interested in tax cuts for the wealthy and willing to kill people for it.
https://twitter.com/onebrncowco/status/878003176275931136 …
AARP IS AGAINST Your BILL.
Don't be false or untrue, it all comes back to you.
Like social security in the past, work to improve what's there. It's been done before.  Stop trying to kill it and improve it. Waste.
Planned Parenthood was my only healthcare option when I moved to Springfield Mo. I am a 56 year old Republican and have private insurance.
This new gop ahca will increase the monthly premiums.  You lie like our president.
Can't make a system better by removing funding and transferring money from the poor to the rich.  People don't need options they need care.
You are so completely out of touch with the average family you represent back here in MO.
You know what else doesn't work?  You and your entire family of grifters.
neither are you!
I can't wait until you no longer represent the state of Missouri.
Senator, please represent Missouri and not the RNC and vote against this horrid plan.  It isn't Health, but slow death to those that need it
Your going to kill people with your bill. You know it Roy. You know what that makes you!

Vote NO for Missourians. This is not a healthcare bill and you know it.
Your GOP bill is far worse.  23million not covered at all.   Better check your facts before hurting many Americans
So this new bill, how will it help us? Details, please, not vague statements...
Don't take health care away from Missourians.
We need to fix it?  By strangling Medicaid?!?  Just admit it: you'd rather give tax cuts to the rich than support healthcare for the poor.
Then fix it. Taking from the poor to fatten campaign donors is immoral.
Then fix it instead of passing a secret bill that, by all accounts, will take money away from the system and hurt people
That's because MO didn't expand Medicaid. People like you fought Obama every step of the way.
B.S We don't want Trump care
We will not forget in 6 more years.
And the new proposal is just awful. Use your brains. Work with dems. Make it work for your constituents, not just u and ur lobbyists
The latest CBO reports my annual premiums will go from $1700 to between $13-16,000. Talk to me about higher costs!!!
However, the current proposed plan stinks! Cutting taxes for the wealthy and cutting benefits for the poor. YOU SHOULD ALL BE ASHAMED!
Next time you see a child or a person with disabilities remember you took their healthcare away.
Shame. Shame. Shame on you.
How does a healthcare bill give tax cuts to the rich?  This is beyond DEPLORABLE.  Not sure how you look in the mirror...u must c horns
The work on fixing it not replacing it with a heartless bill. This new bill ensures an early death for my mother. I'll never forgive you
That's because of Republicans like you, Roy. How much did healthcare corporations donate to your campaign? Over $1 million? #initforthe$$
Say what u want! I urge you Not to  support this new ahca @RoyBlunt!
Trump care will  throw 23 mil ppl off ins. Medicade will be cut. ppl will not have meds, etc. VOTE NO!!!  #NoACHA #SaveACA
Own it Roy!!  Reap what you sow. 
Matthew 25:40
Yes, it's hard to overcome Republican sabotage.
Your talking points are as vicious as your secret healthcare bill. Why isn't truth and dignity for 23 million Americans important to you?
Of course it can't work with Repub sabotaging.
Come to St. Louis and have a conversation with us about it.
The "new" one won't work for millions of us. Please try again before voting for this travesty you are calling Republican healthcare. #no
Agreed, but taking away protections for sick people to obtain comprehensive coverage does nothing to help people and is a money grab.
Your job is to have your constituents best interests in mind.  This bills serves the bottom line of insurance companies.  Vote no.
As usual you will hang your constituents out to dry.  Shame on you!  Sure you don't care.
Failing all the people of Missouri and this nation. We will remember and fight so you are never elected again. History will judge you all!
Because you guys have destabilized the market. I am outraged.
So did it..amend it..just don't scrap it...let's discuss in STL at a town hall meeting
Yeah because you and your repub colleagues destroyed it.
Obviously, you have no family members that will be devastated by trumpcare. Missouri deaths will be on your hands. Sad ur loyalty is to GOP!
Then fix it with single payer .   Heaven help the less fortunate.  By the grace of God you are not.
Elected by millionaires, get to know the middle and low income folks that make up this state. Mo turns down Fed $ for medicaid.
Then show us what you think will work! Your secrets are showing us nothing
Stop roy
Thief -  You Rich are just getting Richer off of everyday people.  You should feel shame!
Tax credits won't help elderly, sick patients afford rising premiums when they need access to healthcare now, not during tax season.
so...fix what's causing higher costs - MEDICAL COSTS in USA are outrageous. #Trumpcare
This is what you have to say? Enough about Obamacare. You broke it, now fix it like you promised. What have you been doing for your state?
Won't have to worry bout that with Trumpcare- so many thrown off and ins co's can charge what they want. Bonus days for the rich and richer.
DO NOT VOTE FOR H. R. 1628
Politifact states 'half true.'
And your bill fixes these issues how?
Maybe if you and @clairecmc work together we could #MAGA #RepealObamaCare please simplify the tax code too!
Rural MO hospitals need Congress to expand Medicaid for all states, not to cut it.
Read your twitter feed Roy.  Resounding opposition to what the GOP is doing!  We are your constituents and we are holding you responsible
Ins co leaving market because Reps are threatening to cut subsidies.
What is fiscally conservative abt sending millions to ER for care & passing those $ to the insured with no #accountability? #AHCA
What's in your #ACHA to protect my premium increases from those who CHOOSE not to be uninsured? #Transparency #Accountability
What's in your #AHCA to protect my premiums being used for extreme executive pay pkgs?
What's in your #AHCA to protect rural hospitals? Rural jobs? Rural people?
Repub lawsuit passed the #Medicaid expansion decision 2 States. #moleg failed the people.Passing more control 2 States fixes this how? #AHCA
And a secret plan to kick more people off health care while giving the rich taxes breaks will be better?
Stop being a party toady and work with Dems to fix ACA. The Republican Party has morphed into heartless monster. 64086
But at least we have protections over being screwed about pre existing conditions.
Giving  the Rich a 8 billion tax cuts more in portion than people of Missouri.
Are you that heartless
I got i,am medicine through Medicaid witch I couldn,t afford with out it that I wouldn't be able to see my doctor with out it. Heartless.
I to know why they are cutting  8 billion to Medicaid and kicking  14 million  people  off Medicaid . And I far i,am one of them .
Our back-up healthcare plan courtesy of The Who: 
Things they do look awful c-c-cold 
Yeah, I hope I die before I get old
Thanks Roy
Um Repubs set #ACA up for failure in MO. Your #AHCA only makes it worse. We need #SinglePayer like rest of free world. Get with it Roy.
Roy you are not working for your constituents. In fact you work against us. Can we get rid of you? We only need 20 seconds to debate.
Medical care costs money. Fix flaws in the #ACA and stop the #WH from pulling subsidies so carriers trust the system and stay in the market.
The system appears to be corrupt, Sir. We were promised an end to terrorism, but they are going after our ALLIES against terror. For oil.
The system is not working partly because it is not allowed to work as intended. Repair don't repeal. Allow us to buy congress's plan.
Solution?
Truth is you and your Repub peers are not working.
Politicians should be required to use the same healthcare plan that all Americans use. I bet a revised plan would be put in place quickly.
Because you sabotaged it. You do everything you can to ensure its failure. What did you do to help it succeed? How did you help Missourians?
Republicans are starving it to death. Trumpcare is a disaster.
We've asked for a town hall for months so you could listen and hear what Missourians want and need! You turned us down and turned against us
You notice he won't even answer you? He lives in WA in a mansion. That's why he doesn't do any town hall meetings. I don't see how that is..
After NOT helping Missourians but helping insurance companies and giving tax breaks to the rich why would you ever think this is a good idea
#VoteThemOut  They are going to kill people for financial gains. Including Roy. He doesn't even live here, he lives in a mansion in WA!
So phase out Medicaid from Missouris neediest, raise premiums, make pre existing unaffordable, remove lifetime caps, helps how?
you guys are hell bent to repeal, even if that means meeting in the dark. Why are you afraid to work with democrats? you making $ off this?
So your "fix" is to kick 24 million people off the insurance roles
How could it when you sabatoged it not to?
COWARD!!!!!!!!! #resign #DefundRoyBlunt
Ok, so why is the Senate process so clandestine? End the secrecy
Centene's offered to step up & fill the gap left by Anthem who pulled out due to GOP shenanigans.  Support your state & a Missouri company.
My God, how can you hurt so many Missourians? Why do you hate us? I find your complicity sickening & will work night & day to vote you out.
Will you speak up for Missourians? We want to see the bill, learn how it impacts us and have the opportunity to provide feedback.
Fix it, don't punish people with pre-existing conditions!! Represent your state, not special interests! #NoTrumpcare #growaspine
It's only broken due to #GOP failing to support the program and gutting it when it can, and the resulting uncertainty.
Do you ever reply to tweets sent to you? Sir, I do not think you care about my life.
The ACA is being defunded. What is your plan for healthcare coverage for your constituents? I ask you. And I will look for a reply.
That is because you Roy Blunt have not given stability to the healthcare industry in the last 8 years. Gutting healthcare won't work either
Rather than throw people off and give big tax breaks to your pals.
, fix it! #DoYourJob #nov2018
So let's take the time to do it right. Not rush in secret.
We need to have a bipartisan bill that helps all and not just the wealthy.  You Repubs will pay for it in 2018 if you don't get it right.
Yes your right, thanks be to what ever you are a servant too, setting policies that create business uncertainty.  What a way to govern!
And on that note.  How much are the"K Street" lobbyist paying you?
Yes please just sign a bill you know nothing about that the American public hasn't seen and can't be amended. Seems much better.
Employers that do not provide insurance are shifting those costs to tax payers
Everyone deserves healthcare. Bankrupting the middle class with medical bills to protect the rich is not the answer
Uninsured people cost more than providing everyone with healthcare
It's not working because of republican sabotage we need universal health care Medicare for everyone
Funny what happens to a living, working entity when malicious strangling is applied.
You and yours are directly responsible for that. And now you'll do worse.
Because you and fellow Repubs are killing it! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Shameful! 
Guess we just have you to thank for that risk bill bad for ACA speak the TRUTH do wash it over like you are doing something Roy
oh, so you've actually seen the trumpcare plan? please do tell the rest of us what's contained in this super secret plan.
A lie spouted 100 times is still a lie.  Tell the truth and actually work for your constituents.
If you are making things better, why are you hiding it til the last minute? #ShowUsTheBill
Senator Blunt, please do what's right for your constituents and vote NO on TrumpCare so Americans don't suffer & die!
But you don't have anything better
So why is changing the law to make it harder for companies to be in the exchanges the answer?
Instead of fixing it, @RoyBlunt and the @GOP are doing everything they can make sure @Obamacare doesn't work. #ShowMeTheBill
Stop sabotaging it and focus on improving it. You work for us, not Trump!
MEDICARE for all.....
Wait, did 45 tell you to say this? Are you his puppet? Remember who you work for. Hint: We live in Missouri.
I DO BELIEVE ALL THE REPUBLICANS FORGOT WHO THEY WORK FOR, AND HOW TO SPEAK UP. OR SAY NO TO POWER!!
You and Donnie keep saying that, but doing nothing about it. Therefore, it's better than your plan.
If only there were a way we could see and participate in the crafting of a replacement. Let's make a better bill in public sight.
The bastards in that picture could care less about our health or our families health then they preach FAMILY VALUES    2FACED
That is because people like YOU are going out of your way to destroy it ALLOf u repubs should be ashamed how u are treating human beings
And what have you done to help improve the ACA? Nothing comes to mind. FYI-your STL office staff is rude.
You're not speaking for me. #Obamacare & it's requirements for pre-existing conditions saved my life. #cvid
My husband's too!
not working because you're killing it & you know it. You're a disappointment as a human being. Ashamed to call you a Missourian
How about a town hall to find out what the people YOU SERVE want?
He doesn't live here! He lives in his mansion in WA! Google his name and see how many Missourians that has been trying to do town halls. SAD
Let us see the alternative! Quit playing games with our healthcare!
@JasonKander should be our senator.
YES HE SHOULD BE. I TOLD HIM TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT, HE HAD OUR VOTES! ALL I CAN SAY IS #VoteThemOut
Then fix it,  don't repeal it!   It wasn't drafted in secret by old white men.
What Missourians have not been seeing is your proposals for Trumpcare. How do you tweet this criticism without making your solution known?
Just repeal it. It doesn't need to be replaced.
republicans have been sabotaging it.  come up with a better plan-single payer, no penalty for age or prexisting conditions.no raise medicare
