Such as?
nono, he said people who wouldn't have been able to stand for themselves i thought
Oh, so he was full of it.  Okay cool, thanks for the clarification!
Count the days, Senator. Generally speaking, poking the hive is not a great approach.
@SenatorSession you are failing your constituency, most recently by voting to confirm Jeff Sessions and Betsy Devos.
what color?
You just approved a woman who is getting rid of gun free zones b/c of grizzly bears. Does that sound reasonable to you?
you know except for the minorities his policies directly disenfranchised. And by extension you validate that.
, hopefully , wish you best and good work 
can you tell me about a time he stood up for civil rights?
Sessions has NEVER cared about voting rights, or peeps that "cannot stand up 4 themselves"
you may be proud of this racist but I'm not proud of you for supporting him and DeVos.
Shame on you. These picks are dangerous and unqualified. You do not represent many of us Missourians.
Take your friend Sessions on a tour of North St. Louis.  Show him all your hard work and progress, LOL!!
When is your next reelection campaign? I may not live in your state but I can donate $ to your competitor.
I have 0 faith that he will stand up to Trump when the law goes against him. You're all corrupt cowards for him.
I forgot DeVos bought your vote. She bought the job for $200 mill. A bunch of billionaires running the country who have no clue.
Nice to know you support a racist & a kiss ass as our attorney general. YOU will be held accountable for his perf
crooked roy,  stand up for missouri and STOP TRUMP
Oh no. I'm a stunned as you are that your friend lied.
Blunts a puppet he will vote however his party votes. We need leadership not Roy Blunt.
Thx 4 taking our country back 100+.  Know that we are watching, organizing, & we will #resist your racist ways.
He's a racist who will not stand up for anyone or against @realDonaldTrump. Thanks for once again selling out
like who? Not me or the people I love.
it seems that the records show that he only stands up for certain people - not everyone.
I could not be more disappointed in the outcome of this vote and the confirmation of Mr. Sessions or the treatment of Ms. Warren.
As long as they were white, right?
But we're supposed to believe Trump is all about blue collar workers. You may be stupid but I'm not. He doesn't even pay his emp.
You approved someone w/no exper as a student, employee, or parent to run the Ed. for the entire country. Are you crazy?
nevertheless, she persisted.
You are PROUD of this?  You must keep your white robes and pointy hat really crisp and ready.
that's just awful. You didn't listen to your people. You're awful.
And by that you mean that he stood up for white nationalists while you gleefully took campaign money from them.
Next you're going to approve a man who cheats his employees of $, lies about taxes & investments, doesn't believe in fare wages.
As long as those people were white.  #TakeahitforBlunt
How much did you get paid to vote for Sessions like you did for DeVos?

Mr. Trump’s appointment of Bannon, Flynn and Sessions are the first steps in the project of taking America back.

http://davidduke.com/duke-bannon-flynn-sessions-the-1st-steps-in-taking-america-back/ …
Give us an example.  I'm waiting!
I think you mean stood over.
it's good to know you value party over over integrity. If you cared about the people you'd have voted no.
@JasonKander @clairecmc  - So glad you're proud because anything he F's up, you own as far as Missouri goes !
you heard what Coretta Scott King said about his record in civil rights and you think he stands up for the defenseless?
name any non-white female that he has ever stood for.
Missouri is not proud of you.  Glad you can be proud of yourself. You're the only one
# time to get Sec of Heath and Human services confirmed tonight!!!
bullshit!
your constituents know where your loyalty lies. Money is power. Missouri is on the bottom of your totem pole. As are civil rights.
Very embarrassed today on your vote in the Senate....MO said NO to Jeff Sessions!!!!!!
MO is a red state. We actually said yes to Jeff Sessions.
I know....sad day for MO
women? Black people? Immigrants?  I think not.  Wrong move @RoyBlunt
I can't even be nice - this just sucks so much...
you should be ashamed of yourself. You are elected to do the will of the people. This is not that.
hey Roy guess who will be voted out #Nov6th
Thank you
the thing about a voting record is just that: it's on record. Time to think about your retirement. #RecallBlunt
Sessions is a racist. Blunt should be ashamed to know him, not calling him a friend.

The fact that you call this man "friend" speaks volumes to how corrupt your values are.
You're a coward for not speaking up against him.
Why did you tell such a lie? He has not always stood up for ALL people!
Oh Roy, yet again more pride you claim for yourself when your behavior is truly shameful. Are you deaf & blind?
You mean racists. He stood up for - not against - racist. Careful Senator, your hood is showing.
Except black people, right Mr Sessions? Your record speaks the truth regardless of the Alternative Facts by Blunt
How much money did you get to say that? You are both an embarrassment to our country. You're a total Blunt!
What is it that appeals to you most? His racism or his efforts at disenfranchisement? #StopSessions #LetLizSpeak
no hew hasn't.  Quit being a bigot!
Awful.  Just awful.  Can't wait to vote you OUT Blunt.
You're the devil.
Mr Blunt as a voter from Missouri I do not agree. Vote No on Sessions
You support voter suppression and racism.  Got it
He has repeatedly put down people of color over the years.  Remember a tiger never changes his stripes.  No
Sessions is an oppressor, and you sir, are complicit. Sincerely, a MO voter.
Are you kidding me? Telling someone to sit down and shut up is proof of someone who does the opposite. 1/2
You and I have very different understandings of the meaning of the word "proud."
you make me so disappointed to be your constituent. Expect this to be your last term as senator. #NOmoreRoyBlunt
Hey Roy, if you think MO is so proud like you, come do a town hall meeting? U can even pick the place...
You never fail to disappoint me.
rich frat kids too drunk to walk?
I heard u today get off ur high horse Obama pulled nom who had a conflict and had them vetted u stole the Scotus
Reminder, Senator Blunt, you work for the people of Missouri.  However, you are the poster child of partisan politics.
MO didn't put you in office to take care of your friends! How many times have you taken care of lobbyists family?
Yet you wouldn't stand up for  @SenWarren when she brought pertinent testimony into the debate?  You're a slimy coward. #shame
your constituents are very disappointed in you and will remember your endorsements come reelection season. We're not going away!
@KCMikeMahoney @SenatorSessions         Except when they're African American
When was the alleged standing up?
Yes, racists need someone to stand up for them - I"m always hearing about how no one listens to them.
I'm pretty sure Coretta Scott King would think otherwise. #NoSessions
shut up
maybe if you held Town Hall mtgs., you'd know your constituents do NOT support @SenatorSessions
are you kidding me? Embarrassing to your state.
how much did @SenatorSessions  pay you? We already know you have no shame after Devos.
As long as they are white.
THANK YOU!
You misspelled “white people"
stop being a Republican and start being an American. You are supposed to represent all ppl. True colors showing.
unless they're black. History tells a different story than the one you tell.
With all due respect, Mr. Senator as a Missourian and an American I ask you to NOT vote for Mr. Sessions
Are you serious right now? What are your principles?
Roy another Republikkkan=LIAR
im gonna need you to show me some paperwork on when he stood up.
wake up
And smell the Mississippi- I mean White House Burning.... HES A FLAMING RACIST! Shame on you all!!!!
Shame on you.  You should be working to protect Americans from racist creeps like this. #recallblunt #resist
you have your head in the sand, senator. He's your friend because you're a white so-called Christian.
Senator @RoyBlunt please do not support a man whose ethics and willingness to protect human rights has been questioned on multiple occasions
someone who has been opposed by several political figures who claim he is more than unfit to hold the position of Attorney General
He joked about supporting KKK, was accused of racism (a lot)in Alabama and worked to decrease LEGAL immigration. He can't represent our DOJ
have you no sense of shame? At long last have you no sense of dignity?
just like you do! Standing up for wealthy donors! Making sure the rich are heard! A real man of the people 
He's a racist, and you're a damn fool.
Once again, not representing Missourians @RoyBlunt at least you're consistent in your corruption and deep disappointing leadership
yet another reason you are out of touch with constituents.
Liar
Except black people wanting to vote, right?  Champion of the Beleaguered White Man! #bigotlivesmatter.
"Mr. Sessions has used the power of his office to chill the free excercise of the vote by black citizens.." #CorettaScottKing
no he hasn't
I called to gently express my dissent. Your office had quiet hostility for the neice of a fatal dom. violence victim. Bad rep.
NO to Sessions. Yes to civil rights. Shame on you.
.@RoyBlunt @SenatorSessions When did he EVER do that? Give examples. Be specific.
What about the bill to support the widows and orphans of Bowling Green?
MO says #NoOnSessions, but hey do whatever you want. Like you always do.
unless they were black. Or if they were civil rights leaders...
This is the same BS you posted HOURS ago. It doesn't improve with age.
more from the dishonest GOP and 45. Voters see what u r up to. We r not fooled. #midterms2018
.@RoyBlunt @SenatorSessions someone has to think of the white christian man. glad you both have the courage.
Missourians ARE NOT proud of you; we are embarrassed. #notmypresident #nosessions
not in America's best interest!
hey, Roy boy? This is the exact opposite of what your sugar momma @BetsyDeVos thinks about when she talks school. @SenatorSessions
if those KKK members just took their hoods off they could represent themselves no problem!
History of racism
Did you forget that @SenatorSessions isn't sure that secular Americans (many of your constituents) can make moral decisions?
Your friend? The racist? Nice. #RecallBlunt
.@RoyBlunt @All100Senators @SenatorSessions Why are you proud to support a racist nominee who repeatedly suppresses the voting franchise?
Proud to support institutionalized racism? Cool, now we know.
DeVos and Sessions - you really don't care what your constituents want, do you?
who? Rich white people?
As long as they're not trying to stand up to vote Democratic. Can't have that...
He is a ass hole.
Ummm... no. @SenatorSessions prosecuted people for helping poor blacks vote. That's the opposite. Have you no shame?
Like who?
