
I watched with astonishment as you contorted yourself with excuses for the Trump administration. Not a single critical word was uttered.



Maybe you could have some in-person townhall w/ constituents to discuss your allegiance to a bad health bill and DJT?
I hope you and the entire GOP go down with tRump. Your all a stain on American history. 
Ya'll confirmed a Supreme Court justice with a simple majority after refusing to give Garland a hearing.  Don't tell me about obstruction.

Sorry, missed it.  Did you announce that you are no longer accepting donations from telecoms and that you will support #NetNeutrality now?
Thank you for being a voice of reason. Good job!
I will be watching, I hope you will talk about all the town hall meetings you have held for your constituents in MO, remember us?

If this were Hillary the WH would be one fire.  Manafort is no rookie..ldo not pretend innocence. #TrumpRussia

GOP did nothing but obstruct for Obama's 8 years and now you whine when the shoe is on the other foot?  Really?
Was wondering if you would sponser a bill in Senate for term limits?

#TrumpColluded #TrumpObstructed #TrumpRussia #SupportSanctions

Yeah, whining about nominations. Ha!  I'm independent and have NO sympathy for trump or GOP. 8 years of obstruction and SCOTUS! The nerve
That would be a perfect opportunity to let his MO viewers know that you will be holding a town hall meeting when you get home.
He doesn't. The Democratic senator held 10 during the recess. Roy rode horses with pence and hid
Please explain how D's are obstructing when nominations haven't been made by POTUS.
Are you pushing #altfacts and #fakenews Roy?
Another lie by a GOP congressman? No surprise there. Never vote for  a republican again. Must be voted out of majority
We are stuck with his crap until 2022 sadly.
And McConnel, too. But need to at least vote GOP out of majority in 2018. Then won't matter. Ds then free to deal with trump corruption
Why does Jared Kushner still have a security clearance?  This is basic stuff, Roy.  Serve your state and country over your party.  Hack.





This isn't what you said. You were very believable, though. It took about 30 seconds to find this.
Independent and voted for Rs many many time over the years. NEVER AGAIN! A crook is potus bc of GOP congress corruption.
Roy, in case ur unsure of the damage by a GOP HC plan & Cruz amendment AARP spells it out. MO Call Roy 202-224-5721
What makes a bad bill even worse? The Cruz Amendment. @DavidCertner breaks down why Senators should #VoteNO 
God can't save you from the ATROCITIES about to come. Shameful. Disgraceful. Unpatriotic.
You and GOP are TRAITORS for supporting trump and his associates!  You ALL should be interviewed by Mueller!  You all can NOT be trusted!
Come on Roy, stop avoiding me, and your other constituents, we want to talk with you at a town hall.
Please oppose the AHCA aka #trumpcare as it will kill Missourians.
You're no longer welcome in Marshfield.
YOU embarrass us here in MO and the entire USA!  Grow a spine and do what is right!  You know you are wrong! The GOPs are losers
watched u - you are still just as weak as you have proven to be!Of course they need to spK to Trump! STOP SUPPORTING TRUMP-U & GOP R CORRUPT
I just watched. When did YOU decide that party was more important than country? Making excuses for collusion with Russia is treasonous  Sir.
Were you all holding town halls with all the animals in the woods?
Thanks @RoyBlunt for joining @SeemaCMS @SecretaryZinke & me on ride thru Rock Creek Park & thanks to @usparkpolicepio for your work everyday 
Remember people when Roy had 10 days off last week, he was off with the VP riding horses instead of seeing his constituents!
Didn't get to healthcare but when can we hear your stance? Your constituent #kcmo
Since you have the memory of a gnat, let's refresh you little peanut brain on who exactly the "obstructionists" are.
Disgraceful performance even 4 u. Roy has sold his soul to the highest bidder, DJT. Party before country. Shame on u.
The koch brothers have him bought and paid for
I really wonder how many other pols, have ties to RU, that some remain silent ,I think of that tape of Ryan being told
564 key positions needing confirmation:

384—No nominee
4—Awaiting nomination
130—Formally nominated
46—Confirmed
http://wapo.st/2h2SPDY 
And you are just making excuse after excuse! 
Well now, POTUS & junior mighta been dropped on their heads! We can't treat them like every...
Other patriotic American "with a functioning brain stem" (@VanJones68)! 
You're another @GOP embarrassment! What will YOU say when he does
Shoot somebody???
I watched it.  Why were you lying? GOP has the majority.  Do your job.  And your job isn't lying to the American People. Shame, shame, shame
GUY  UR PARTY #OBSTRUCTED OBAMA FOR EIGHT YEARS!!

#ASSHAT
Well, @RoyBlunt doesn't seem to think colluding with Russia is a big deal. Disgraceful.
you can't defend Trump Jr, this family is going to be poison , obvious the conspired with  RU, now open to blackmail
Chuck, quit letting him off the hook. And Mr. Blunt, why are you defending this house of lies. Shame on you.
oh really ?? you are going on with @chucktodd  = #Chuckfakenewstodd why ???
I guess in order to talk to you we need to show that we got emails from Russia, then we get a meeting with you is that how this works?
Come on...claiming ignorance of the law is not a defense.  Jesus...you Republicans are going down.  Deny..deny..excuses.  Sick of you.
Where you try to proffer the idea that ignorance of the law is a reasonable excuse for #DonTrumpJr's collusion with Russia.
Just saw that. Unfikking unbelievable
Your naivete on Trump biz dealings w/Russian mobsters aka govt over decades is stunning...STUNNING. Or, you dissemble obscenely.
How about meet the voters
And your constituents need to talk to you but you avoid us. You want to talk to Jr, and WE HAVE THINGS TO SAY TO YOU. When do we matter??
I hope he asks about your health care vote. Staff not helpful when your constituents are trying to find out what your plans are.
BLUNTS A PARTY GUY

DEFINITELY NOT A PEOPLE PERSON
#PARTY_B4_PEOPLE
Hey you remember this state?? I don't care if you are visiting the POPE, You need to visit with your constituents!
When are you doing a town hall. Should Claire step up for you?
She already has, she did 10 last week, where was Roy? Riding horses with the VP he don't care about anyone in MO.
So many things we could discuss, but I'm sure you'll spend the entire time bragging about a bridge, and whining about the "other team"
Will you give an answer on your healthcare opinion. And hopefully @chucktodd asks you why your office routinely hangs up on constituents
I hope he asks you about your math skills.
52 GOP senators, 48 Dems.  blame dems for not being able to confirm nominees
Or Potus for not making any
