I cant believe this is all you had to say roy.
Stand up to this ridiculous president he is doing you no favors if you think sticking
With him will get you re elected
Can you say the words White Supremacist Terrorism? When you support Trump you support them.
How about Muslim terrorism? How about anarchist terrorism, how about gang terrorism, how about antifa terrorism?
I can say them all. Which one are you? Let's cure it.
If you are speaking to me then speak English and I'll give you a proper answer.
And yet you continue to throw your full support behind a President who incites hate and violence.
Condemn neo-Nazi and white nationalist hate explicitly. Orrin Hatch did it. Why is it so hard for you?
Empty words. Bottomline if you support trump you support racism. Shame on you.
You still can't bring yourself to do the right thing. Who the hell raised you?
Senator Blunt you need to publicly rebuke @POTUS.  All Americans, including Republicans, need to tell him he was wrong.
Actions speak louder than words. Stop supporting POTUS.
Why can't you add "in the White House"
Be the Christian you claim to be, sir.

No place in America except when standing in front of a room full of reporters as the leader of the free world
Correct, Senator?
@RoyBlunt Please do what's right. Condemn White Supremacist Racists and #45.
Do something Roy. No one is coming together. The divides are growing. Be an olive branch before things get worse.
I agree. Tragically for the nation @POTUS says there are "fine people" in the white-supremacist movement. He needs to go or GOP is complicit
Will you go on record and call it white supremacist terrorism? I'm your constituent and need to hear it.
It's not enough to say that there is a problem. A good leader will take decisive, tangible steps to resolve the problem. Please stop Trump.
I'm confused, @RoyBlunt. Are you for or against the white supremacists?
We thinks you doth NOT protest much.
Just a token tweet. 
Bye bye senate seat.
Country before party, Senator. Please speak strongly about what Trump said - twice - and not in the positives the MO GOP used.
You are a coward sir
wow, could you spare the time....pathetic response to Trump's comments
My concern is that Trump has created a very large, very safe space for this hate in America. History will judge us harshly if we stand by.
Call out Trump

Please be more forceful. Nazis and white supremacist have no place in MO and USA. 45 is WRONG!
Your cowardly, wishy-wishy statement,  just like 45's, speaks volumes to your lack of courage and lack of character. Shame.
Why didn't you specifically call out the hate of the white supremacists, KKK, and neo-Nazis? Or R U like trump and use fake alt-left term?
This is insane. Please work w/@helenprejean to right this travesty of justice!
DNA says Marcellus Williams didn't kill Felicia Gayle, but the Missouri Supreme Court wants to let his execution go ahead anyway. Thread:
That is so weak and pathetic. Trump & his father banned blacks from renting their properties, that is pure racism and you support him, Sick!
Your response is as inadequate as Trumps. Disgusting.
It found away to start a voter commission...
This is about what I would expect - can't you make it anymore squishy.  Disgusting.
Where is your outrage against what the president said.
That is all you have to say?  Call out your President for his racist actions!!!  Stand up for American Values.
With all we've suffered through as a state, this is the strongest statement you could come up with to illustrate that MO condemns racism???
Trump's vile rhetoric has no place in America. Denounce him and start with the 25th Amendment proceedings.
Tell that to POTUS! You need to stand up and call him out on racism!
This tweet is weak.  Please say somethi g much stronger .
When do you think it may be time to impeach?
You had plenty of characters left to say "white supremacists" or "domestic terrorism". Your statement does not sound as strong as it should
We have many KKK members in Mo, you must decide if you join them are the rest of Missourians who are against these disgusting racist!
As a mo voter I ask you have you no decency. Republican Party is being equated  w/nazis & KKK. Call @POTUS out by name! Trump is a racist!
Weak.
Seriously, is that it? The last I saw you were touring a Civil War battlefield which was the site of a Confederate victory. Very slow, sir.
Which hate and violence, Mr. Blunt? Specifically? The white supremacists? The KKK? OR are you referring to "both sides"? Can you elaborate?
Tell The President this.
nice try, mate. Didn't work, though.
You have to mention him by name or IT DOESN'T COUNT. Enough is enough.

Blah blah-Where's the outrage to Trump's auticracy, fascism & hate speech? Where's the demand to impeach the fool?
what is your standing on white supremist group?  neonazi?  kkk? isis?
all hate groups!! what is your stand?
How about the hatred and bigotry in the White House? Do you have the balls to denounce 45?
Anything about Trump doubling down?  Or just crickets?  Your complicity is deafening. #TrumpCharlottesville
Is this the statement your alleged white supremacist make receptionist in kc was referring to? Hahahahahaha hahaha. Sad
This is it? This is the best you can do? You've lost my vote forever. Condemn racism.
I continue to watch your TL for a statement after yesterday's Trump revelation. I'll check FB too. Are you really a GOP leader? #Missouri
Senator, Trump's calls for violence at his campaign rallies enabled #Charlottesville. Your support for Trump did the same. Own it.
U have a chance to defend ur country & your party but u decline to do so because you won't go against Trump.
The hate and violence in #Charlottesville have no place in America
Then act! Time for our ELECTED REPUBLICAN LEADERS to step up AGAINST TRUMP and his hate speech! We are waiting on YOU! Say it! Distant yours
Sen. @RoyBlunt - What about the crazy show that POTUS performed yesterday? Speak up. Show us your colors.
Specifically, what hate and violence are you referring to? David Duke has claimed @POTUS is on white supremacists' side. True? And you?
Yes. So neither does Trump. Denounce Trump now. Yesterday's comments were not just unacceptable. Dangerous.
Thank you Senator. Please speak out directly against white supremecy and nazis!
You need to make a stand about what Trump said yesterday- millions of people died fighting Neo Nazis and WS.  Make me proud
Then @RoyBlunt, do something about it!
#UnitedWeStand Divded We Fall
All it takes for evil to triumph is for good men do nothing. Take a stand Blunt. Tell the @POTUS that America won WWII not Nazi Germany
Glad to see this reponse, but what are you doing to stop this?
However, they are more than welcome in 'merica. (Subtext)
Empty words. You also support our Racist president and his racist policies. That makes you a racist. Shame on the gop.
There's no point in trying to talk to Blunt. He has 6 years left in term. Remember his actions and hold him accountable later.
@RealDonaldTrump has no place in the White House.  You're probably going to do the same thing about both problems - nothing.
I am very disappointed in such a weak response
Agreed.
I see this statement had a strong effect on 45. Great job. Coward. Seriously. Tattoo coward on your forehead. You earned it buddy.
Just hiding beneath the radar, hoping no one notices you so you can support a fascist and ruin the poor.
Do you accept @realDonaldTrump white supremacism?
I will do all to work against your campaigns, your endorsed candidates & your son's future campaigns. Call them out!
Stand up against the Presidents words  on Tuesday. It's enough now #impeachTrump
That's IT? Happen to know you are a racist. You can't say the words can you.
That's all that you can muster on Charlottesville, on hate groups, on Trump? You're the worst voice to represent MO.
that's ur statement? ur kidding, right? holy shit, CONDEMN NEO-NAZIS & WHITE SURPREMACISTS! #saythewords #Charlottesville
@RoyBlunt do you have the beliefs and courage to tell Trump NeoNazis, KKK,  and bigotry are not American. But standing up against them is!
He does not. He just wants tax cuts,  democracy and decency be damned.
Oh look, a noncommittal message. They're Neo-Nazis. Why skirt around it? Why tiptoe? Weak.
No comment on your sitting president's comments again today?  Condemn or endorse. Saying nothing is endorsement. @indivisiblestl
@wrap02 @RoyBlunt @indivisiblestl Blunt is complicit! Sorry to say he is from my home state!
I talked to your staff about this today. What the president said at today's presser was horrifying. He made a moral equivalency #shameful
Where is your outrage against this President?? Act against his bigoted views in Congress.. your twitter comment is weak!!
Impeach this president now!! Do your fucking job!
That's it? That's all you have to say? You are part of the problem. Retire.
This statement is as sad and as weak as your representation.
Respectfully. Be a leader Mr Blunt!  Your seat is safe. This country right now doesn't feel safe. Speak up!
DO SOMETHING. Your inaction is consent.  #ImpeachTrump
Denounce white supremacy! Say the fucking words so the nazis know you do not support them! What is wrong with you???
Take the steps to impeach Trump. His entire campaign and administration has been based on fear, racism, xenophobia and bullying. #Impeach45
Stand behind your words and denounce Neo Nazis, Alt R
Your constituents await your response to Trump's statements regarding Charlottesville. Is your silence a sign of approval?
Quit clutching your pearls and denounce white supremacists.
By "the hate and violence," are you referring to 'alt left'? "All sides?" My #MO kids just watched POTUS remarks. It's time for clarity.
Hollow words. Waste of twitter space. Shame on you, Sen. Blunt.
Too busy at the country club to do your job?
Hello, hollow @GOP #Impeach
hate & violence committed by christian racists, right?
When r u going to denounce the racist rhetoric from @realDonaldTrump ?#Charolettesville
Your words are meaningless in the face of inaction. By doing nothing, you are complicit. #impeach
What are you going to do about it?  Empty words if you don't do something.
What are your views on what DJT had to say about this DOMESTIC TERROR ATTACK? R u still on board with him? I'm a MO resident & want to know.
We need more out of U @RoyBlunt!But we won't hear a thing. Y? Because u were just re-elected & could care less. Please speak up 4 us in MO!
Do support what Trump said today: there are fine people on the alt-right?
Can you be more specific now after that press conference?
Your party's leader just defended racists.  It's time to stand for unity and country before party.  Republicans should be ashamed.
Could you maybe tell your buddy in the White House?
How are you feeling about Trump's disgusting comments today?
Please stand against Trump's latest statement. I don't agree w/ u on much but I think U know the difference between right and wrong.
Great now represent everybody of the great state of Missouri,don't pick and chose,when you do you are violating your oath and being devise
Whose hate and violence Senator.  Words matter.
Thank you for speaking out against white supremacist hate groups. Please stand up to white supremacists in @WhiteHouse - Bannon must go!
Weak response.  We need leaders who name evil and work to heal it.
We know where you stand, refusing to denounce white supremacy and neonazis makes you complicit. You should resign with your friend Drumpf.
The GOP criticizing Trump is ridiculous IMPEACH or order your white hood  Protect us or enable him   Your Up
Just like 45's response re:WhiteSupremacists in VA are weak & predictable, I find your response tepid & lacking in passion &conviction-Shame
How about Ferguson MO? Did you call Black Lives Matter for those riots? Seems kinda racist of you to call out one hate grp not the other.
What a general and irresponsible statement. Not time to b vague.

#sayIt American killed by #WhiteSupremacists #terrorist.

 #HeatherHeyer
GOP IT'S TIME TO ACT
4 DEATHS/16 INJURED 
TRUMP NEVER CONDEMNS HATE HE HIRES IT
BANNON,MILLER,GORKA ALL ESPOUSE
WHITE HATE/VIOLENCE/DIVISION
What's wrong Senator?  Can't say the word #Nazis #WhiteSupremacists, etc? #traitors
If you believe that Remove the President.
Like you have no place in Missouri.
You must do better.
Name it: domestic terrorism. Then get the alt-right out of the White House.  What will YOU do Sen Blunt?
https://www.splcenter.org/hate-map   Will you renounce white supremacists, neo nazis, KKK right here I'm Missouri.  No generics. Call them by name.
It's time to look seriously at the danger Trump poses to our democracy and lives. Please act. #amendmentXXV
Can you not explicitly condem white supremacists? Is that too hard? #thisiswrong
Bro nazis are evil.  Are you comfortable knowing they're praising the president Mr Blunt?
Hey Senator, can I get a "Nazis are bad!" ???
Let's take it a step further, Patriot. I demand you denounce the KKK and Nazis & their  #domesticterrorism   #CallThemOutbyName #showme
Call it out, name it. Trump is the leader of your party, he has not called it out.  Big problem in your state, be bold start a task force.
The apparent theme song of your office has us all disturbed. Can you publicly denounce White Nationalist Terrorists?
Time for you to go the sams way of Trump needs to go, out of fucking office. Way to  it actually say anything
Call it what it is, Senator: Domestic terrorism. That's what happened in #Charlottesville. Demand that @realDonaldTrump do the same!
you boys shamelessly courted these folks for votes, the consequences are horrific and will continue. no stronger works from u?????????
The hate & violence of KKK & Nazis have no place in USA. Their terrorist acts in #Charlottesville must be treated as such #fixeditforya
Your constituents need to hear where you really stand. Stand up against the Nazi, KKK, white supremacists.
By failing to distinguish between KKK/Nazis & those protesting KKK/Nazis, you embolden KKK/Nazis. Shame. https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/897066356738228225 …
You are complicit. Actions speak louder than your hollow words. DO SOMETHING. #FireBannon #ImpeachTrump
SAY THE WORDS: White Nationalist Domestic Terrorism. Call it what it is!
Psalm 94:16 Who will rise up for me against the wicked? Who will stand for me against those who practice iniquity? Not @royblunt
Trump must go.
That's all, Senator??? You could & should do better than that.
Show me your strong enough to call them what they are. Klan, Nazis, Terrorists. Show potus what truthful speech sounds like. Show us Sen.
Nice, but name the problem. White Nationalists have no place in America. #SayTheWords #Charolettesville
It's time to denounce Neo-Nazis & White Supremacists. Show some courage & stand against the @POTUS who supports & encourages hate groups.
We don't support Nazis. There, that was t so hard, was it?
#EnoughIsEnough #FireBannon
Thanks for speaking out.
What hate and violence? By who?  If you can't be specific about that, then you are part of the problem.
Say the words, white terroist.
@RoyBlunt will not denounce Trump's corrupt and despicable agenda. It is his own.
If you believed that, you would stand against #Bannon #Miller & #Gorka. But your office says you support Trump who appointed them.
Why don't you do something to dismantle the racism you've been supporting in this administration? A tweet doesn't cut it.
Call for the removal of Bannon, Gorka and Miller. Nazi ideology has no place in the White House.
This was a terrorist act of a radical white extremist: Nazi/ KKK = Alt-Right. Call it what it is & support bipartisan action, you coward.
My husband's grandfather, from hiding, helped publish and distribute newsletters resisting the Nazis in WWII. I need you to #saythewords
The Nazis overtook and ramsacked my father-in-law's home during WWII. I am your constituent. I need you to #saythewords #Charlottesville
My husband's grandfather, a member of the Dutch government, was hunted for refusing to join the Nazis. I need you to #saythewords
