and he does not stand for this Missourian in women's rights.  NO on Gorsuch
you are not in tune with your constituents at all. Why should we trust your judgement
Looking 4 reasons 4 IMPEACHMENT OF BLUNT...stop being Trump's lackey...Vote NO, MO is watching! #LastTermBlunt #RepMOrImpeachBlunt
Merrill Garland is exactly the same. In fact better. Listen to your constituents.
So does Merrick Garland. Did you give him the opportunity?
you sir, are an embarrassment to the state of Missouri. #SCOTUS
Guess the fact that she gave your Senate campaign  33K did not influence this at all?
Then We must trust you and your elected colleagues to defend women's health and the civil liberties of our LGBTQ friends
As was Merrick Garland
#StolenSeat Garland deserved a consideration.  #hypocrisy , shame on you.
he's a fascist. How can you back that?
Roy seems to have no moral dilemma with fascism. He must have turned that part of his brain off, at like about age 13.
And what about Merrick Garland?
Do you ALWAYS just go along w/your party? Have you ever stood up for what is RIGHT?! You enjoy being the Repub's 'yes man'? #weak
Vote in all of Trump's choices. Support the Immigration Suspension. And build the wall high. @Trump2020
Vote NO on Gorsuch & DeVos...remember you represent MO not #UnTruthTrump...2162 days left in office 4 you,  MO is watching!!
agreed, & I am grateful for your leadership. However, as one of your supporters I don't agree with you on Mrs. Devos.
He doesn't care. He only votes partisan.
@Yes, just like the #Democrats, @RoyBlunt believes it's not necessary to meet w/ #SCOTUS noms to make a decision.
What did you think about Merrick Garland?
THIS IS WHAT U WANT??  U do NOT represent ME!
“Fascism Forever” certainly speaks to his integrity.
Blunt probably did no outside research on the guy. He's owned by theNRA & billionaires."So, the guy's a facsist. Meh"
TO MUCH DISCRIMINATION WILL COME FROM THIS GUY.  #WORSSENATOREVER
This man ran a fascist newspaper.  I suspect that this is your last term because you do not seem to care  about your constituents.
#FascismForeverClub founder, #Gorsuch do not belong on #SCOTUS. NO, NO, NO!
Garland.
as did Merrick Garland.
you're a dinosaur.  Enjoy the next 6 years, they will be your last ones in office.
He's got to go. We've got to get the NRA out of elections. His son is on the NRA board.
absolutely ridiculous and you know it. She's unqualified to lead our children!
, so was Merrick Garland. Republicans blocked him by not even having a hearing. Payback time.
no party over country! #Garland
that may be true but that seat was stolen from Merrick Garland.
Fascism forever? Yeah no thanks. Perhaps Merrick Garland is still available
Garland was equally qualified, moderate Fair shake? This conservative shaking head. Hypocrisy Don't say Dems r not playing fair
Would this be after Merrick at least gets a hearing?
G=good
But NO, NO, NO on DeVos for Sec of Ed.  It's not all bottom line on this,  must have experience in the field of education.
You're a sheepdog in the Senate. I've voiced my opinion to your office for years. I'd argue but I don't expect anything from you.
Yes! Gorsuch is qualified! ABSOLUTELY AGREED! You know who is NOT? Nancy DeVos. Please vote NO on her tomorrow.
Remember you represent ALL of your constituents!  Not just Repubs and not just the 1%!
No ban, no wall, and no  votes to approve nominees until EOs stop.
as did Merrick Garland sir. Your vociferous endorsement here shows you choose party over country. Sad
you don't get to talk about integrity after you intentionally held a SCOTUS seat vacant for AN ENTIRE YEAR. #StolenSeat #Hypocrite
you endorsed DeVos so excuse me if I question your judgement on who's qualified. Did he donate to your campaign too?
You are our representative in Congress.  We expect to be heard.
Please do not approve any nominees until these EOs stop.
Sure. If you're a fascist, you'll love him!
We want NO in Gorsuch and NO on DeVos.
Please listen and respond to us, your constituents!
Why does the GOP endorse Devos when she clearly does not have any professional qualifications or experience in public education?
Democrats should give him the same consideration the GOP gave Judge Garland.
Just because you say it, doesn’t make it true.  Are you just trying to convince yourself?  VOTE AGAINST GORSUCH.  #resist
What would you know about integrity and qualifications? #Coward #LastTermBlunt #ShowMeStateAsshat
Stop Betsy.....not qualified
perhaps you could help the trump understand the constitution and Rule of Law. Shame on you.
He started a Fascism Club in high school, you cool with that?

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/amp/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html …
as a SLU graduate, his 'fascism forever' club at a Jesuit high school truly bothers me.  your vote will determine my vote 4 you.
Yes Roy, you can't risk losing your funding source by maintaining Citizens United.  The worst SCOTUS decision in history.
sure! If you're not interested in the rights of ALL Americans such as LGBTQ, African Americans, Mexican Americans, or women.
Roy are you reading the correct speech? You have been given some bad information.
Today let's focus on education. You're constituents, the people u were elected to represent r begging u to speak for us: #noDevos!
your constituents would disagree
Just like Merrick Garland. Despicable!
Dems need to Filibuster! #NoBanNoWall
So did Merrick Garland. So, what's different? Oh yeah - your craven placement of party over country.
perhaps, but his appointment is illegitimate. Give Merrick Garland a vote.
Fascism Forever? Sure, sounds like Trump's kind of guy. #rubberstamp
So does Merrick Garland.  You didn't meet him, did you?
yawn @RoyBlunt
Nah, bruh
