First, please go help the American citizens in Puerto Rico.
Yes! I'm sure repealing the estate tax will do wonders for Missourians (all 10 of them). You should be ashamed of these lies!
You need to stop trying to give more tax breaks to the wealthy (like yourself) and stop lying to the voters about the proposed tax plan.
The tax plan the GOP has proposed will not help me - in fact it could hurt me. All indications is that it will help the rich.
As long as the money gets directly to the middle and lower class(no 'trickle-down please), I am all for tax cuts.
That's not the bill being proposed. Huge cuts for the wealthiest by lowering the top brackets. Middle and lower will not win.
Again I ask @RoyBlunt to specify which working families will get tax relief. But he won't answer because he doesn't want voters to know.
@thehill Really?! Blunt, your past voting history shows you're only concerned w/ rich, donors & lobbyists & regular Missourians are screwed!
Why do Missourians continue voting this guy into office?
as you push a bill to outsource another 125,000 white-collar jobs to foreigners each year. tell us how you support working families.
SO WILL CUT SOCIAL SECURITY & MEDICARE ON BACK OF SENIORS IN ORDER TO GIVE RICH & CORPORATIONS TAX CUTS.
You need to do sometjing, anything, that's for sure.
Yes, but this plan do not do that.
You need to stop killing Americans with your support of the insane idea that a person should be able to own two dozen assault rifles and unlimited ammunition.  You are NRA's #1 paid political supporter.  Why not just quit and join the NRA full time, you should be ashamed!
GOP are you on board?  If not say something.   TAX CUTS TO BILLIONIARES has to be paid for by the middle class.
Ryan called GOP tax plan middle class miracle. He meant "it will take a miracle to sell BILLIONAIRES TAX CUTS as benefiting the MIDDLE CLASS
Why do wealthy w/ highest asset ownership in human history need tax cuts?
No shit sherlock, we're sick and tired of all the bullshit with politicians too.  Your supposed to do what we the people want!!!!
Please retire. Today.
Code for: majority of breaks to billionaires and middle class holding bag. @POTUS @nytimes @MSNBC @CNN @FoxNews @seanhannity #drainSewer
Do you think we are All Goobers?  These are breaks for the Big Business and Big Donors!!  For the working people??? nada, zip, zero.
Pass the president's  tax bill and be done with it!  Do your jobs
You may think that a blitz of tweets will overwhelm the truth but we know you are lying and you plan will only help the rich!
We need tax cut for middle class and small business the engine of growth in our great country
And stop wasting our tax money by using federal bonds for construction of pro sports venues.
We can fill our  forms easily.have nothing major2deduct. pay chck. Relief is4taxloops&evasions for CO& corporates.Haven N Barbados/Bahamas
Forget about taxes for the moment. Puerto Rico needs help now!
You need to simplify your actions & represent MO, not $$ for your pockets. Listen to the people at town hall. #fakesenator
The 1% really needs relief
Only the wealthy find the tax code burdensome.  Majority in America file a simple short form. This is another WH con job
senstor Blunt. Pls get to work on the 250 plus bills the House has passed. No excuses. Get it done!  Do the job u were elected for
Corrupt @GOP enables @POTUS and 1% to get RICHER at expense of middle and low income Americans.NO TAX REFORM TIL TRUMP SHOWS TAX RETURNS
We don't want more tax breaks for the rich
Lies
Get him out before he kills us all!!
"Offshoring funds", "tax havens", "shell companies", "corporate welfare cheats"..say it, Roy , say it!
We also need a Senator who lives in Missouri, not a Washington resident whose whole family are lobbyists.
Get rid of the filibuster rule and get something done, before the Democrats do it and make you look like fools
Just saw a review of GOP tax reform on MJ: big tax cuts 4 business & $0 for individuals. GOP are counting on Americans 2b too stupid 2 know

Trump: “We are not going to allow the death tax to steal away the American dream from these great, great families”
*Affects 0.2% of estates.
 oh you silly man "tax code" that must be drunk talk 
For many tens of thousands the doubling of the couple deduction from 12 to 24 will lower tax and simplify filing!
Yes by taxing the rich and making sure they pay their fair share. No deals @SenSchumer
It's nice you still care about people in your old home state
LIAR!  CLOSE LOOP HOLES THAT ALLOW MILLIONAIRES TO PAY ZERO TAXES!!!
everyone's so mean to roy. he should seek help from crawford group. they LOVE him so much they gave him a qtr mil and r social media EXPERTS
roy works for people who find jobs for 'social media managers.' you know, 'real missourians'
You know what, you are just laughable! Only take-home pay you want to increase is your own! #COMPLICIT #TRUMPLACKEY #IMPEACHTRUMP
Please describe in detail how the Senate's ideas on the tax code will benefit Missourians? Trust is earned, speak the truth. How much for 1%
You can sure do that with the ....
Help PR & the USVI now!
Tell Claire if she supports the tax package I’ll vote for her—

It would only provide "relief" for the wealthy & heirs on the backs of the middle class AND YOU KNOW IT!
@SenateGOP we need to abolish them because taxation is theft.

Any justifications for dismissing the $1.5 trillion cost of the GOP tax reform plan defy both evidence and logic: http://bit.ly/2fv1fJm  

$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.
We need term limits @SenateGOP_ @WhiteHouse @HouseGOP @foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump @RepJeffDuncan @SenatorTimScott @marklevinshow
Why not a flat tax? Then the top earners wouldn't be able to use loop holes to avoid paying their share!
So they can pay to replace gutted social services, "the wall", and fake, for-profit war, while the rich get tax cuts. Some relief there. Not
Okay,Great,who's actually going to vote Yes? So far the Senate has done nothing!
There would probably be more relief for Missourians if the Travel advisory got lifted.  Maybe work on that. http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/02/us/naacp-missouri-travel-advisory-trnd/index.html …
Sure there are a lot of ignorant people in Missouri but the majority of people will not fall for this trickledown #StopPissingOnUs
There's only one New Yorker who's interested. #greed
As long as those Missourians are millionaires, you got a great plan
It's only for the rich, vote GOP OUT!
But this won't do it. Shame on you.
You know what will increase workers' take-home pay? MORE MONEY! We NEED living wages to correspond with inflation.
We don't want it. Tax the rich!
Missouri corporations? Because this #TaxReform will butt fuck average Americans
Correction: to provide tax cuts only to the 1%
We need a tax code which is fair for ALL Missourians, not just the top 10%. Would you do away with ALL special interest GROUPS in taxes?
No, we need to finally accept the increased Medicaid funds with the ACA.
Corporate profits are at an all-time high while wages have stayed relatively flat. How does this plan address that?
But how are you gonna pay for it? Half a plan is not a solution.
We need a senator who will speak and listen to the people they represent. We have 1 with @clairecmc but you are as good as McConnell
Do you pay taxes on the checks you get from the Mercers to regurgitate this crap?
The wealthy can afford higher taxes. You can’t tax the lower income earners into oblivion. You can’t bleed a stone.
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico
Which Missourians might you be referring to Roy? It wouldn't be the wealthiest among us, would it?
Not me
.@RoyBlunt   #wrong! Tax cuts for the wealthy are bad for Missouri! For once, take a stand for average citizens, not just wealthy donors#
How much does your pal Johnny Morris stand to gain from simplifying our "burdensome tax code"...
This tax reform is a joke like the Blunt.  We Missourians have provide Blunt with a great life style while he ignores his constituents.
As usual ol Roy is on the wrong side of the issue again?He just can’t help himself,and he does not care what we think.He’s safe 5 more years
This tax plan is bad, and you should feel bad.
My God Roy how much of an owner puppet can you be????
Baloney.  It's a tax cut for the wealthy.  Shame on you.  Why don't you hold a town hall so we can ask questions in person?
Yes we do. But, 'tax reform' is not synonymous with 'tax cuts.' Don't talk reform (which we need) while legislating for cuts for some.
Hey parrot how about an original thought from you? Oh wait Russia doesn't pay you to think.
Why should pass through SCorps pay higher rate than CCorps? #TaxReform
Easy 2talk tax brackets, but people want 2know impacts on their EFFECTIVE rates & comparison to someone who makes 100x’s more. #TaxReform
Oppose the elimination of the Estate Tax.
The nickel or dime each middle class family get not worth the millions your going to give to your cronies and corporations.
So with this tax cut bill,will you and the rest of the R's cut medcaid/Medicare and social security or r u counting on possible revenue
I'm not wealthy, so I assume this won't help me at all. Why don't you do something productive for Missourians and Americans?
Can I suggest you take an average set of people in MO and see what happens to tax burden before you sign on to this
Is that what the Kochs told you to say? Congrats on being the highest paid-by-the-Kochs senator. #Retire
But the "tax reform" as reported does NOT provide tax relief for average Mo people. 
Except the Republican plan doesn't do that. Your tax mantra is really for the rich.
Is there any important upcoming DACA deadlines?

Oh man. We know when you push for something it's going to screw us and benefit you & trump. Get ready MO.
Tax the rich, but then how could you remain corrupt?
But that's not what you actually want.
Stop pushing this lie on your constituents.  All you're talking about is tax cuts for the wealthy and anyone can Google that fact.
Do something !??? really YOU ?
Correction ...... relief for VERY RICH Missourians.
The #GOP has no cred when it comes to helping middle class. #TrickleDown #TaxReform
What you give with the standard deduction, you take away by removing the mortgage interest deduction. Watch housing market crash.
you're on the clock for another epic fail!   #TrumpTaxScam
Your proposed changes increase taxes on most Americans and drastically drop them on those making over $5M. You don't care about Missourians.
#Resist                        #TrumpTaxScam
I haven't seen that yet.  I've seen the tax brackets, but not the wage information so I can figure out what the change is.  Trump wins though; not middle class.
Let's see if you guys will fail on this one like healthcare
