we have a whole list of questions that must be answered.  We have a treasonous traitors lot leading our country.  Truth a must.
.. also being spied on? That was unlawful. And instead of joining the Dems and dining on one of our own, why not show solidarity..
- We couldn't get a full congressional hearing on Ben Ghazi, on Fast and Furious, on Iranian $150 billion deal.....
Stop the obstruction. This is a deep state political hit. The leaks are what you need to be worried about.
Security Analyst Tony Shaffer: Obama White House Behind Mike Flynn Phone Call Leaks (Video) http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/02/security-analyst-tony-shaffer-obama-white-house-behind-mike-flynn-phone-call-leaks/ …
please follow through on the investigation of Trump/Russia ties.
Senator Blunt, Mike Pence campaigned for you when you were in a tight race with Jason Kandor.  Do your job- Investigate the LEAKS!
no we need your democratic colleagues to quit dragging their feet and give POTUS his cabinet and Gorsuch. No more witch hunts!
like Trey Gowdy in his calling wasting money on Benghazi and emails that ended with nothing happening
and aren't we looking like we have mud in our face following the FBI findings on Flynn being absolutely innocent!! Lib Fantasy!
He was wrong to resign. Why are you not supporting the President?   You barely won this time, next time you will lose.
I'm sickened by the spectacle of you pandering to the media and Schumer like this. You have the majority, act like it!
Texas has passed law to enforce lmmigration Law, when will Missouri do the same. The citizens of Missouri deserve law enforcment
THANK YOU FOR INSISTING ON AN INVESTIGATION!!!
when will you do us alla favor and follow suit?
You are a brave man & I appreciate your attempt to get to the bottom of the Russian connection. Thank you.
There needs to be a full investigation. Asking the right questions. American people and world leaders need to know.
Gen Flynn was a political hit job from the jump. The GOP stood idly by and let Dem hacks do this. Why do you have no spines?
You guys better forget the libs and go after the leaks! Libs didn't vote for you
We are watching Mr Blunt. American people need to know the truth.
now u need to get Trumo to resign before he's impeached!! #impeachtrump
demand an independent bipartisan investigation. The American people deserve it! DO your job!!
because it covered Trumps sizable ass
we want an investigation!
Thank you for looking into these issues.
Because Trump doesn't give a shit about Congress OR the Judiciary and everyone lets him get by like that.
I mean those in power let him do whatever he wants.  We the ppl are saying NO MORE DICTATOR TRUMP.
He has been in office 21 days. What has the "dictator" done?  Obama said elections have consequences.
Way to stand up for what's right AFTER the battle is over.  Thank you to the all the people who ACTUALLY stood up against Flynn
,,, and show the extremist LIBERALS that we will support this line they did Hillary who WE KNOW broke laws??
Ur part of the swamp.
thank you for putting your Country above your Party. We need more senators to stand up and look for the truth.
Flynn was a private citizen at the time and this doing was being done whenBHO was in office. What did BHO KNOW? Was Trump...
@potus  The White House has been compromised.  You know,  the CIA knows it, the FBI knows it and the people know it.  #impeach
now if you could just get Mr Cheeto to resign
Don't be like ELITE RINOs McCain and Graham, and get ObamaCare repealed and lower taxes, like you promised.
LOCK FLYNN UP LOCK FLYNN UP LOCK FLYNN UP LOCK FLYNN UP LOCK FLYNN UP LOCK FLYNN UP LOCK FLYNN UP LOCK FLYNN UP LOCK FLYNN UP
Come Clean! You know damn well where these leaks are coming from. Risking the lives of alot of people for political gain.Terrible
Please get behind an independent investigation of the WH/Russian ties!
why? he did nothing wrong
THANK YOU SIR FOR SAYING YOU WILL INVESTIGATE THE RUSSIA TIES
resign, Fired,whatever? INVESTIGATE &publish whole truth - no alternative bs or weaselling out of your Responsibility!
your attitude is outrageous, Senator. If this had happened in the Obama admin you would be screaming for heads...
Will you and your GOP colleagues exercise oversight? Conflicts of interest, Russia. #DoYourJob
Would your investigation include the scope and source of intel/fbi leaks?
I finally agree with you on something. Please don't side with @realDonaldTrump .
I generally respect you and your positions, Senator, but it's time to save us from the monsters you helped create.
a nonpartisan investigation needs to be done to satisfy your ppl!
One of only a few GOP Senators to post anything about Flynn situation on Twitter. Most are silent.
We are watching you Roy. We need an investigation. No backroom deals with Russia. Very un-American.
I voted for you and expect you to support our President! Leave McCain and graham in your dust!
you respect a man with ties to Russian spies. Are you asking to be fired?
investigate!
And you are right to demand the same transparency from a Republican administration as we would have demanded from a Democratic one
True. Thanks for being on the correct side of this issue. When is your next town hall? Your constituents want to talk with you.
where's the investigation?  We've seen special investigations into dems for less. Be a man.
FINALLY A RESPECTFUL MEMBER OF THE GOP:  GOP senator calls for exhaustive investigation into Trump-Russia connections.
we need an independent investigation into #therussianconnection
please make sure you are investigating the Russian ties.  This is our national security. Think country not party!
investigate Trump. Expose his taxes. I am from Missouri please represent us & do the right thing.
even better if those that hired took responsibility too or at least released taxes.
Independent Investigation is needed.  This is beyond political differences.  63052
stop playing nice with the dems, you cannot work across the isle, stand up them.  they are losers
You should be more grateful to Trump - without him, the Republican Party would have eventually collapsed and been disbanded.
well done, good to see doing what's right, hopefully many follow your lead. #Flynn #Security #intelligence #russianhacking #Russia
I saw a Slate article stating that you are calling for an investigation into Gen Flynn's contact w/ Russia. Is this correct?
The whole administration is disgusting. #foundingfathersrollingintheirgraves
Thanks for putting country > party as so many curious/worried why GOP (esp Ryan and McConnell) so afraid of this Republican Admin.
Yes he was right to finally resign, but why was this not asked of him by Republican enabled Trump when aware 3 was ago he lied?
Thankyou for taking these events seriously and calling for bipartisan investigation. American democracy and security a priority!
Please as an American citizen provide us with a real investigation into this president/admin relations with Russia

Rand Paul is right. It makes no sense to investigate Flynn, he did nothing wrong. Stop this obsession with conspiracy theories about Russia.
@KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @WSJopinion
COMING: America's March to DC
"Tear down this wall"
#GREY2017
If you have doubts about Flynn read @DailyCaller interview. I'd be happy to discuss with you or a member of your staff.
@KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @WSJopinion
WHAT: New election!
WHEN: Now!
#integrity #GREY2017
This was bad judgment on part of @MikePenceVP who should correct the record. Mike has to learn to think on his feet. Senate too

Former Obama Officials, Loyalists Waged Secret Campaign Against Flynn To Protect Iran Nuclear Deal http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/02/report-former-obama-officials-loyalists-waged-secret-campaign-oust-flynn-order-protect-iran-deal/ …
He was right to resign, of course, but he did not lie, did not represent, did not discuss sanctions deal. Facts. @stltoday @nypost
https://twitter.com/GenKeithKellogg/status/831620602461032449 …
please launch a public BIPARTISAN investigation into the current administration.
Thank you sir for your integrity!
Thank you for speaking up and calling for Trump-Russia investigation!
Now actually do your job! Investigate Trump's Russian ties & prosecute if necessary.  Defend our country, not just your own party!
I am a constituent of yours (63376) and I am SO glad you are calling for an investigation!! Thank you!
how about looking AT the intelligence community?  You are after Trump. You r the establishment. You r the reason we elected Trump
Thank you for standing up and saying the Trump White house needs to be investigate.
It appears there is some bias in favor of Flynn on the committee tasked with this investigation.  Demand bipartisan participation.
DO YOUR JOB and investigate this.  National security is not partisan. If found to be under Russian influence then it is TREASON!
, I respect a transparent and thorough investigation.
You never worked for him...the ole saying "you mess up, you move up" applies to Flynn: MO Townhall meeting, when?? #LastTermBlunt
This entire situation needs to be fully investigated. We are watching.
America appreciates this. Keep us safe from our President and his comrades.
thank you Senator for demanding an exhaustive and comprehensive investigation.
Yes, he resigned so why are you calling for an investigation over a lousy phone call?? Get to work on TAX REFORM!!
I'm sorry, I'm so confused, so #Flynn isn't 100% credible but he's going to be called back to give new info? #NationalStrike
So you're saying Flynn will now act as informant? But behind the scenes where he doesn't address the public? #NationalStrike
go for it , investigation is the only American way! We deserve to know.
keep on investigating. A fish rots from the head #russiagate.
If you want to investigate, why don't you find out who in the unelected deep state (CIA/FBI/?) is leaking info to the press.
you respect treason? Good to know, sir. As I've said, we're all watching and you will not get another termS
we need an investigation
Please stand up for America and not for partisan politics-protect America and investigate Flynn/Trump Russian ties. #Americafirst
thank you Senator!
as lifelong MO resident, thank you 4 doing the right thing and investigating Russia. Democracy, press and transparency prevails 
I agree. And thank you for speaking out that his situation should be investigated. This is way too fishy.
Thank you for doing your job and what is morally right and calling for an investigation on behalf of all Americans.
You hypocrite!  How do you RESPECT a man you are supposed to investigate! History is watching.  How will you fare? #lastterm
Thank you for calling for a full investigation! Wish more politicians would put country over party. This is outrageous!
rumor is you will push for a full investigation on Flynn and Trump's ties to Russia. Please do.
he committed treason
Thank you for your leadership on this!
We are an informed public and we demand a full bipartisan investigation. Do not let our WH be owned by Russia!
Thank you Senator for calling for investigations into their Russian connections.America before party takes precedence 
 for doing something other than trying to pass crazy batsht new legislation.
@GenMikeFlynn didn't act on his own. @POTUS @VP must be investigated!!
Thank you for putting the Country over party. Please fight for a full independent investigation.
If you want to investigate something, investigate why the Obama spy apparatus was spying on the incoming presidents team!
@potus bull shit.   He should be prosecuted.
and why those 3 Muslims brothers were making over 160,000 each which was 2x what other IT guys make there. Investigate that!
Here's an idea how about you investigate the 3 Muslims who accessed the Dems computers and why they're still working
of course you admire Flynn. He sold out America. You sold out Missouri. You have a lot in common. You are not trustworthy
He didn't resign, but he had to go. Thank you for calling for full investigation of Russian connection.  Push others to do so.
you know Obama, Soros & Media are trying to pull off a Coup right? Don't be part of the problem in DC #WeAreWatching #MAGA
Nothing short of a bipartisan investigation is acceptable and nothing is a higher priority (including his stupid cabinet).
You owe Americans a full account of Trump Admin’s dealings with Russia, both before & after the election. PERIOD.
#investigate #RussiaOwnsTrumpPence
Thank you for calling for a full investigation into Russian ties associated with the Trump administration. That's integrity.
thank you senator for calling for an investigation. Thank you for putting country before party.
Why no investigations into the leaks at NSA, and State. Why are secret transcripts leaked. Thats the real BS.
#Flynn I swear you better get behind our President. Stop trying to prevent the draining of the swamp.
The DOJ said Flynn did nothing wrong So Senator Republican give off your witch hunt and make things happen for the American people
I'm a Republican and I'm finding it hard not to see the hypocrisy of your thinking. Not sure where outrage was on Liberal issues
Wow! Where was all this outrage when HRC used her position to sell America to top-bidder for personal & Foundation. Hmmm.
do your job (and the right thing) and start an investigation into him and trump!
Don't need to hear from you on this GET TO WORK. LEGISLATE NOT INVESTIGATE
Thank you
you ought to have supported Flynn to the end you roll over belly rubbing dog!
Are you Republicans afraid of the outcome of an investigation. Blunt has shown leadership and I for one am shocked but proud.
investigate and prosecute
u RESPECT him?! Im deeply ashamed that u "represent" MO. R u capable of bein an actual human being or r u 2 concerned w the R line
thank you for not waiting to measure the cost benefits of doing the right thing
we must investigate.  For the benefit of our nation both sides of the aisle must agree and pursue the truth.
Didn't when Kennedy did it!
I heard a rumour you were in favor of an investigation.I was so shocked and denied this could be true.If you did Thanks from a MO
You Republicans need to stay with Trump & stop trying to become obstructionists like the flipped democrats
shame on you Senator for not backing your President...
Thank you for calling for further investigation! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Really I don't believe you, it didn't sound to me as if you do!
Thank you for calling for an investigation into the Trump-Russia connection!!!! 
independent investigation please!!!
Traitor.
Hell! Shame on U! Why U didn't investigate last yr when Obama&Hillary were going from crime 2crime 2destroy America? @loudobbs
Flynn's actions rest solidly with the Republican Party unless you have an in-depth investigation to track down true origination
#CountryOverParty
Obama's guy had a meeting with Russians before taking office. What did you say about that.
you are quick to forget who elected you last time and why. Buying into democrats plan to disrupt.
So you don't think this requires any investigation? We should just let it go?
what did Trump know &when did he know it? Independent bipartisan 9/11 commission style investigation. America over party
we need to investigate where Flynn took his marching orders from? in-depth investigation is needed. we deserve the truth
You admire his TREASON, for telling Russia not to worry about the sanctions, those'll be gone when "their" guy gets in?
you state we need an thorough investigation. Nothing less than independent bipartisan investigation is sufficient.
now You Do The Right Thing and be respectful of Americans right to Know the Whole Truth - No Alternative Facts! 
that's great.  Still want to investigate Hillary's email server.  Pales in comparison.
yeah let's see how far u are willing to go or is this a photo op....U & the GOP knew trump was dirty but got in bed w/him anyway.
thank you Senator Blunt
You sure lost my vote at next election with this witch hunt.  Stop this and get cabinet approved.
u tell all the politicians in DC that the people spoke and we demand SUPPORT for FOR THE BRAVE PRESIDENT D J TRUMP.  DISGUSTED!!!!
get over yourself.   Unethical behavior cannot be ignored, whether it's Hillary or Donald and his questionable tm
