Massive redistribution of wealth to the 1%  over decades. And you want to give your buddies more breaks.   We get it Roy.
Damn Roy,were those lobbyist and dark money loopholes?
then go out and get your share or come up with a way that doesn't take money out of other peoples pockets....  ps, you're not robinhood
Because you keep putting in loopholes and exemptions for your corporate "donors"
he still supports lowering minimum wage and tax breaks only for the wealthy and corporations. not fooled!
Nothing in your plan changes that for us middle income people.
No, families and small business need government relief...meaning relief from intrusive govt. Stop that and you'll need less taxes too.
Lovely picture of two traitors, will look better in prison orange
And y'all Rino's are the cause of the system being broken! Get out of the way, go home so POTUS can MAGA!

Take some time to understand the "Fair Tax Bill " you already have.
...So "smart" rich people like @POTUS can use loopholes to PAY NO TAXES!! BTW, WHERE's @realDonaldTrump 's TAX RETURNS?? #ILLEGITIMATEPOTUS
So has the length of your service but we get a lot less return on our monies with you.  Tax reform is tax cuts for the poor and middle class
That is because writing tax code gets politicans elected. Implement a flat/fair tax and the need to donate to a politician goed way down
The length is mostly loopholes bought by lobbyists, put in place by #Congress. Now these same lobbyists are pushing #TaxReform. Go figure!!
There is our boy Roy, always first in line to kiss Trumps ass and give a BJ on demand to secure his job in DC,  His constituents be dammed.
How about the length of your vacation days!?! #GettoWork #12days #DrainTheSwamp @PatMeehanPA
Really? Are you sure that's not a lie like "ACA is hell, OMG" was a lie?
Pennsylvania insurance commissioner to Congress: "The narrative that Obamacare is imploding is just false."
Agree! However unless Trump is gone y'all will have hard hard time getting anything done! Trump loves hate and discontent
I would just ask that you don't make the middle class fund cuts for business and upper 10%.  It's always the middle class that takes the hit
raise payroll tax exemption to $ 50K of income for every individual who is employed or self-employed.
All on both sides gave the nation this tax code
Funny fact, when u gave tax breaks last time to wealthy, (it would trickle down to little guy), we ended up w this
You want to simplify the tax code? Then simply it for the 1%. Make them pay a FLAT TAX - NO LOOPHOLES. I DARE YOU.
Tax Reform = Trickle Down Economics = Proven Failure
All you guys( and gals) get off your cans and lower my taxes !
Less talk more action "GOP UNITE" or you will fold like an accordion. This is your last chance to shine.
You're ALL frauds! Fund the wall NOW!!!
No one making $250K should pay the same as someone making a $1M+! Your 3 tier tax code is not fair to the lower & middle classes!
yes they do but your plan is a tax hike on mdl cls  your plan to tax 401k will effect mdl class,  your tax on mortgage again mdl cls. b real
So, how much of this doubled tax code are you honestly owning up to? Helping your big biz friends as donors escape paying any tax.




as a corporation owner, I WANT higher taxes. Higher taxes inspire me to HIRE and SPEND on equipment to REACH FOR DEDUCTIONS = GROWTH.
What about Trump's taxes, @senategop ?
MUST READ: Public Citizen has published a report on Trump's business structure - ripe for global money laundering. http://www.citizenvox.org/2017/09/05/president-trump-inc-report/ …
Familes and small businesses need tax relief but to you that means giving breaks to job creators(rich) and let it trickle down to us minions
Ya'll are foul human beings.
Suddenly, after voting in favor of this crap for years, it's a problem for him?
#TaxBreaks for the rich will cost #Republicans the next election
Republicans suck!
Thanks for that useless tweet. Just so we're clear - have you nitwits in Congress not been available to manage that over the last 22 years?
Cutting corp, cap gain, shareholder taxes WILL NOT result in "better" jobs..This is cover for giving top 1% lrge tax cut & workers small cut
How many members of Congress have been there since 1985 or longer?
Another case for TERM LIMITS!
@realDonaldTrump 
@VP
It does keep thousands of CPAs & tax preparers employed
The length of the tax code is directly related to the number of lawyers in Congress.They are always creating legislation so they can profit.
Not sure why the @GOP thinks we trust them fixing all the problems they're pointing out. You couldn't even end O-Care's Individual Mandate.
Neither way will happen with GOP fascism. Small business will see no change, non-rich will see no extra income. Loopholes are of GOP making.
@realDonaldTrump's @POTUS' "Repetition of this lie shows contempt for intelligence of public" #Trumplies
We are, as pointed out many times, lowest-taxed major advanced nation. Repetition of this lie shows contempt for intelligence of public https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/905381817695526912 …
It's OBVIOUS who PAYS for legislature in American GOV. Our RED states are broke, taxpaying PEOPLE are FORCED to subsidize BIG CORP wages.
Tax the churches.
Liars. The worst America has to offer.
And top tax rate has dropped by more than 10%, but sure, we need more tax cuts for the wealthy. #NotOnePenny
Tax cuts ≠ tax reform
Stop trying to disguise your plan to massively cut taxes for your 1% dark money donors. If you want to reform tax code, close the loopholes.
