@SenFranken I am a farmer in Missouri and I disagree with Roy Blunt! I have seen poisoned waters cleaned up because of #WOTUS
ANd I`m a rancher in Wyoming and I can tell you it has been a massive over reach!
how so?  Please explain.
It is a power grab. Calling accumulated rain or snowfall that puddles for a week, a waterway, can only be described as such
interesting. Do you know if they were trying to protect the watershed area? My farm is in a watershed and we quit polluting
Not trying to be offensive here, but you kinda need to do your own research. Twitter is limited.
A more extreme example, the Corps asserted jurisdiction over a  dirt road that had tire ruts which collected rainwater
you have to fight the poor interpretation and money grabbing senators. But WOTUS in itself is a good rule, don't you think?
You, @EPAScottPruitt , and @realDonaldTrump  as Bannon's henchmen make even Captain Planet villains look reasonable.
Really?  Have you been outdoors lately?  What are you willing to lose - clean water? clean air? Missouri rivers? Think tourism $$$
.@RoyBlunt You don't care about posterity. I am convinced now.
You are so out of touch. Do you get that?
The EPA serves Americans well, protecting us from corporate greed and destructive, harmful proposals for destructive profits!
think you've got things a little backwards there Roy
I like my air and water clean Roy, you and your cronies will eventually pay for these misguided moves.
@windsandstrings water is life clean air is life healthy planet is life.. greedy politician
let's talk about it at your town hall
we don't want you to save us from our environment. We want you to get rid of Greedy jerks like yourself who sell their soul for $
You have GOT to be kidding me!  
Clean water/clean air = life.
Absolute wrong side of history, here. #LastTerm You DO NOT represent MO's best interests. #Shameful #GOPdisgrace
I am NOT grateful. I like breathing clean air and having safe drinking water.
Protect our Earth!
what? Clean air and water, environmentally friendly energy and using renewable resources is a power grab?
you are an embarrassment to your constituents.
Open the way for your Bircher buddie$ to ravage the environment for their profit and amu$ement!  $HAME on you!
WOTUS drives up costs, makes polluters pay for poisoning water.Fixes the problem of externalized costs.Your stance is despicable
I very much value the EPA and disagree with POTUS
So is Trump your constituent now? Because you're sure not talking to us
Hold a town hall meeting so we can discuss in person. #townhall2017
please investigate POTUS and his administration's involvement with Russia.
Do you have grandchildren?  Do you care about anything but money?  I am related to Missouri farmers who do.
.@RoyBlunt I hate that my water doesn't have the runoff of the local chicken farm or power plant. Thanks for making my water crunchy again!
You are so wrong again. You must be paid pretty good by the oil and coal guys.
just how much of this ridiculous crap do you think we'll keep swallowing? #DoYourJob.
Yeah because why does Indep need some of the best water in the world.  3rd best .  waiting for EPA regs to be remvd & buy bottled
The EPA keeps your constituents safe and healthy, which we'll especially need if you keep trying to repeal the #ACA.
you are confusing corporations and industries with constituents...you do that often
This Missourian wants clean water.
YAY!  We can pollute as much as we want so long as we make $$!  To he!! With the future!!!
seriously man, you better shape the fuck up or we'll ship your ass out. I like drinking clean water from the tap.
This constituent of yours is not grateful.  I have asthma and chronic bronchitis, clean air is life!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain Wonder if @clairecmc is working as hard as you are! #2018 Republican Majority!
The EPA does not  "power grab." Its rules and regulations were instituted to protect citizens. At OUR request. Shame on you.
Clean water is important to your constituents.  Since you won't be up for re-election any time soon,  you don't care?
Are you kidding me? @EPA protects our environment at all costs. #Pollution sucks! #ClimateChange: REAL! Let's talk at a #TownHall.
I'm waiting for the day it's your last day as a Senator, you don't represent the people.
no. Just no. We don't want this Ol Roy. Let's get together and talk.
Who will save us from overreach by A Congress wanting to mandate its voucher plan, you sellout? #HR610 #cabinet4sale ##@BetsyDeVos
would those Missourians include big $ out-of-state owners
$ of hipollutin farm, ranch and industry- cuz it's not me!
Right because who wants clean air and water.
and what's the name of that town that you had to buy out because the ground was polluted from lead mining
how many times will end up like Flint Michigan because of that maybe we can have some more ground fire like times Beach pollution
yeah all we need is water we can't drink & air we can't breathe polluted rivers lakes and atmosphere. Which oilco paying for this
disagree but tell us about it at your town hall
yeah I didnt want clean air or clean water for my kids or anything. Come do a town hall so we can talk about it.
Shame on you Mr Blunt! You have sold Missouri's clean air, water, & wild places! As a Missourian, stand up to 45. Stand up for MO!
Liar
Did you mean #PresidentBannon  stooge trump?
I'm sorry but this is one of your more dumb tweets. Do you ever talk to your constituents?
You mean to allow business and agriculture to pollute our water more than strictly necessary 
Thank god farmers can now poison the water supply again.  @RoyBlunt
THE WOTUS RULE PROTECTS OUR WATER FROM IRRESPONSIBLE FARMERS, AGRA BUSINESSES & POLITICANS LIKE YOU!!!
@realDonaldTrump are trying to increase the spread of disease and cancer in our nation! Stop them by calling your representative
Then why don't you come back and breathe the crappy air & drink the friggin water. Townhall
@SenFranken this move will not protect Missourians, it will add to the spread of disease and cancer. I am a farmer in Missouri
.@RoyBlunt your constituents want clean air and water. You would know that if you'd hold a town hall some time. #whereyouatroy?
@SenFranken Al, please talk some sense into Roy!
I am a farmer in Missouri who No Longer poisons Smithville lake! I am proud of that!
Thank you! I'm sure most people prefer some extra steps for CLEAN WATER!
Protect 'Navagable' water. Where do u think the water from every farm runoff ends up. In our rivers! Thinkers will voter you out.
: enraged by power-grabs...unless they come from our President and are aimed at women's crotches.
NO clean water for them but how about for U, Royboy?
How about an update on your interest in a special investigation of Trump's relationship with Russia?
Oh wait. Here it is. You cowardly fool. http://www.news-leader.com/story/news/politics/2017/02/28/blunt-white-house-didnt-ask-me-discredit-russia-connections/98533412/ …
how is it reckless?
Yes, Senator, save us from that potable water and breathable air. Save us.
This farmer's daughter disagrees! #cleanwatermatters
Please explain Roy?
.@RoyBlunt The EPA is not there to "power grab." Its rules and regulations have been instituted to protect citizens. At their request.
Do your job, hold a town hall.
