Congress shall make no law "respecting" an establishment of religion, means no religion has the right to impose its will on the people.
It is meant to provide a clear separation between the church and the state so the one may not corrupt the other. This ruling must be fought.
Sounds good, but it's a slippery First Amendment slope.  The line has to be drawn firmly, and this one is still a bit fuzzy.
Would apply equally to pre-school playgrounds at non-Christian places of worship...right?
Welcome to the Theocracy.  This is what happens when a Supreme Court Justice is stolen from the people...
1/3  of America is undeclared or nonreligious. Time you stood up for American values of keeping religion out of politics
Nice! This means churches pay taxes now, right? That'll be a handy revenue stream.
Prove that your god exists! Can't can you! Do you also believe in Peter Pan
So, Trinity Church can afford to pay lawyers but they can't afford surfacing on a playground? hmm. Sounds Political and not from need! SAD
What BS. Ruling is unconstitutional. Religious freedom is already part of the USA. Tax dollars should not support religious institutions.
Roy MO is full of dangerous PUBLIC school playgrounds and U applaud taking grant $ from them? Parishioners need to pass the collection plate
vote no on the tax reduction for rich folks bill!  Aka. Unaffordable health care act
Says the man in the Koch brothers pockets you should be ashamed
So now we have church welfare to go with corporate welfare.
Please tell me why government tax can support a religious playground but cannot support abortion for religious views.
What about the other #SCOTUS ruling same sex parents both being on birth certificate. Key victory for LGBT rights!  Where is your support
Wonderful kids get a playground!  How many disabled Americans will lose their independence freedom with AHCA?  How big of tax cut do u get?
It's more about doing what his donors want
I know.  Blunt objects anytime anyone tries to introduce legislation to allow negotiations with Pharmaceutical.  $$$ is all he cares about
"Money over everything" - Roy Blunt's political policy
I didn't initially agree that it was so one-way but the longer & harder I dig in2 this the I agree. Blunt lives in DC. Lost touch with MO
When was there no right to religious liberty? No-one was ever restricted from worship
What if terrorist orgs claim "religious liberty" to get $$$ from MO taxpayers?
Does your liberty infringe upon my liberty? Would it matter if it did? Are you that arrogant to believe your religion is better than mine?
This puts the 9th Circuit in the TRASH BIN with the other 87% of tgheir OVERTURNED DECISIONS!
#overstatement #taxfairly they don't pay taxes, but can now get their grubby hands on the taxes I pay #horseshit #bullshit #everytypeofshit
Unfortunately the destruction to my liberty and the burden of my tax liability.  Your views on liberty are misdirected.
Then churches should pay taxes
They really should do that anyway
Nope. It opens a dangerous door to religious scams.
I disagree - I believe we must keep church and state separate. Churches should not receive public money to spread their religion. Wrong
I'm pretty sure the only group that's ever had the opportunity at real freedom in this country is the religious.
Using tax dollars to support a tax exempt organization, there's nothing hypocritical about that?
Undecided? 22 mil more uninsured, pre-ex cond prot gone, max life benefits reinstated, 4 mil emp HI will be lost. How is this a tough one?

Your former intern @jrwhitehead was at the counsel table in the Supreme Court on behalf of the Church on April 19.
Please Roy, if this was Islamic school there is zero doubt you would have rushed in to "help", this is about campaign contributions period
This case gives churches the benefits of Separation w/o the tradeoffs, removing freedom from churches & all of us.
The common understanding of #TrinityLutheran, the majority's too, is that the case is about discriminating against religion. It's not.
/1 https://twitter.com/AndrewLSeidel/status/879349323506626560 …
If this is about fair play then make them pay taxes. If they are going to take public money they damn well better be paying taxes for it
Liberty to discriminate? We've come a long way!  So proud
NO! It paves the way for joining state and religion which is prohibited by the Constitution. You might consider reading that document.
This isn't about religious liberty and the healthcare bill isn't about health or caring.
I'm seriously worried about your reading comprehension skills
Then churches should pay taxes. I don't want my tax dollars to support churches. VOTE NO ON HEALTHCARE!
#SCOTUS upheld the rule of law, President Trump's right to keep America safe!
It is a key victory for child safety, regardless of what religion they do or do not practice. Religious freedom has nothing to do with it
Yes! Thank you #SCOTUS
It would be rwonderful if you supported low-income, female, POC & disabled Missourians as much as you do religious/wealthy ones. :/
My hard-earned tax $$$ funding churches? Give me a break! How about  synagogues? This invites conflict among our many religions!!!
If we have $ for churches we have $ for affordable health care. Not all of us can pray our way to health.
Do the right thing for once.
But isn't giving a church public funds the government sponsoring a religion which is unconstitutional
And Roy about that Senate health care bill, think long & hard about how this will effect Missouri, especially rural health.
Churches should pay taxes when they preach politics from the pulpit, and when the benefit from tax funded projects. Defund churches now!
Won't overshadow if you betray us by voting for this health care bill.  Please vote no so I don't have to vote DNC vs you. #IVote
Senator, I'm pretty sure that you would be for anything that obscures the boundaries between church and state
Meanwhile, POTUS is banning travel based on religious discrimination. Don't chose your party over our country or values! I will keep calling
Hail Belzabub!
This isn't about "Religious Liberty". It's about "Evangelical Liberty". #NotThatKindOfChristian
Does this only apply to evangelical Christian schools? Will it also apply to Synagogues and Temples, or are you in denial that those exist?
How about mosques?
Yes, but twitter said my tweet was too long with mosques. ;)
I'm fine with church entities using tax dollars...when they START PAYING TAXES!
Churches should pay taxes if they get tax dollars
I also agree and I am a Christian,  if they benefit from Government grants should pay taxes
If you're fine with taxpayer funding of churches, will you also be ok with taxpayer funded mosques, synagogues, and temples?
You know he'd raise hell.
Also you need to vote against the senate healthcare bill. Your office says you're undecided. It's bad for MO, grow a spine and vote no.
If they get state funds they should pay taxes. I don't care the organization.
No, it shows that churches need to start paying taxes.
