So you went on tv and told lies yesterday? #VoteNoAHCA
That's an odd thing to brag about #VoteNoAHCA
Can we please have our reps demand an investigation into Seth Rich's murder?
All the wide spread problems were caused by the CHANGES the REPUBLICANS MADE to the ACA. Now refuse to fix. You've RIGGED it to FAIL!
Heh, yeah, it was the system failing and not your obstructionism and flat out refusal to work through the plans issues. 7 years Roy, 7 years
And isurance companies can't charge you more so they pass the cost to everyone else causing premiums to rapidly increase
Please demand an independent special prosecutor to investigate #Trumprussia .  If you don't do this, you will be complicit. #treason
They've all banded together  they won't allow a real investigation. Maybe to many are involved.
You do not care about the people of Missouri. I will work to vote you out of office.
It's time to stop listening to WA rhetoric and listen to your people Roy. #VoteNoAHCA
@GOP was determined to see ACA fail, and they did all they could to keep it from being 100% successful. That is YOUR fault.
In spite of @GOP trying to sabotage ACA, there R plenty of people who are thrilled with their $50/month premiums under ACA. Upgrade ACA.
Except people are going broke and are having higher wait times because of the ACA
Also, I should not be reduced to replying to your tweets, but your VM is full,  you are not taking faxes, nor holding town halls
I have not experienced higher costs.  My medicine is costing me a lot less than it did prior to Obamacare.  YOU need to investigate more.
Same
You are not responding, no voice mail, no fax, and no town hall. You are putting your party over the people who voted you in office.
Missouri did not expand Medicaid under Obamacare, What makes you think they will do better on their own?
The fact that you're saying ObamaCare .... Really Roy.... so make a promise that if coverage is taken that you'll pay for it?! #lies
Any senators or congressmen that aren't demanding a thorough investigation into #TrumpRussia, are obstructing justice, #SpecialProsecutor
Stop talking and start listening before it's too late
Don't vote to repeal - don't hurt your constituents!
Every person that loses their Mom, dad, siblings and every baby and child that dies, I blame you and all the republicans. You killed them.
True access and higher costs are hurting Americans. No better reason pushing universal healthcare.
Feel free to talk to us, your constituents any time.

#TownHall
To scared to face us.
Talk about the 24 MILLION you Republicans plan to TAKE HEALTHCARE FROM--& 5TIMES COST TO 50+yr olds--w/TrumpScare. COWARD+GREED=U
Do you hate us? Just wondering. Maybe if you turned on your phone we'd be able to tell you how this bill affects Missourians.
FIX THE ACA! We don't want AHCA! No cuts! It's changes republicans made that are causing the problems of the ACA, you've rigged it to fail.
Before the ACA as a woman I couldn't get maternity coverage. The ACA saved me and my daughter's lives without bankrupting my family.
Hi, I'm a Guardian US reporter writing about pre-ACA maternity care. Would you be willing to speak w me? I'm at molly.redden@theguardian.com
Sure. I'd be happy to speak with you.
I just called your office and was told I'm only 1 in 6 million Missourians and my concerns don't matter. Yeah. That's not democracy.
Big Money needs to be stopped @RoyBlunt! None of this is for our health care! Quit trying to song and dance us! #iwantanswers #voteNO
But if MO expanded Medicaid, over 240,000 residents could get health care! #SaveACA
The majority of Americans demand an independent investigation on Trump, his connections with Russia, and the hacking of the election!
What's your comment on trumpsky?
#comeymemo #bluntsux we're gonna vote you out and impeach your traitor associates
Single payer is absolutely the only real alternative.  Anything else will leave people needing help, your people,
Utter nonsense, Senator
Get on the right side of history and call for a special prosecutor!!!!
You do nothing but praise Trump and/or distract from his many blunders. Time to stand up and act with integrity and compassion. Dump Trump!
COWARD.
YOU ARE A DISGUSTING DISGRACE.
But Republicans are causing the poor access and the failures.
You make me sick, Sir. YOU are THE widespread failure.So is your reprehensible ahca. You have NO RIGHT to ROB millions of Americans of ins.
Hurt your voters to appease rich donors. Thanks for putting my daughter's health at risk to line the pockets of your friends. #ReplaceRoy
People will have much less access and higher costs if they have no insurance at all thanks to the exclusions introduced. Please have heart.
Why don't you talk fact that the Russian media had access to the house where Lincoln slept but American media did not!
So let's screw the poor, elderly and handicapped... yeah, right Roy. Nobody believes you.
Which @GOP actively helped to undermine.  U ppl r a disgrace. I'm embarrassed I used to vote Republican
Is there anything Trump and the GOP can do that you will disagree with
wrong
Obamacare keeps my child alive. Turn on your fax machine, take your calls, and listen to your constituents.
You're talking about the wrong thing, mr  blunt. Get your head out of the sand and see if the American flag's still waving #HistorysWatching
@H @RoyBlunt @MarcCox Do your job!! Assign an independent investigator on trump Russia. We are watching you. Country before party
Just a few more votes for @JasonKander and we wouldn't have had to deal with this garbage 
Medicare for all. Fuck the insurance companies
Which is a pile of bull shit. Because Obamacare has literally saved many thousands of lives. Tweak it, don't savage Americans' healthcare
I understand that you will blindly ignore your constituents, but hear this.  We are DONE with elected officials like you.  2018 = the end.
Talk about a guy firing the guy investigating him. Country before party you hack.
Nice tax cut for yourself you're pushing. Amazing you think the elderly and impoverished you represent deserve to die in exchange for it
@realDonaldTrump is savaging Western Civilization, but @RoyBlunt fools with #HealthCare?! Rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic! #Impeach
Nice sound bite roy
Boo! #MissouriDeservesBetter than @RoyBlunt
What about a CBO score on the #tumpcare crap?
THERE you are, @RoyBlunt. Were you hiding in the bushes with Spicey, or were you & @JerryMoran abducted by aliens? #SpecialProsecutor NOW!
You're a widespread failure.
Sounds like McConnell is ok with communistic our government he doesn't want an independent investigator what is the matter with u repubs?
None of this is true
WE WANT UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE, OL ROY! Yes, I'm screaming.
I have not seen one reply from your constituents in support of the AHCA—nor any to argue with replies opposed to the ACHA, Mr. Blunt.
And tax credits instead of subsidies? wow stupid u think poor ppl care about tax credits?? They want savings on the FRONT END
Sigh...we aren't stupid. We agree it needs some tweaks..y not fine ins co for NOT Participating rather than poor ppl for not signing up jez
Did you just shrug and say sorry you folks are on your own or maybe you said trust Trump cause he wouldn't lie to you about anything!
You tell them states can and will ask for waivers so insurance companies can charge what they want to people with pre existing conditions?
Did you tell them Medicaid will no longer help them because you are cutting it out and Missouri is a state that refused to expand Medicaid?
You tell them that sick people aren't your concern because you got to keep ACA?
You tell them that with out the clean air & water they're prone to health problems? Higher cost for them now that they have health issues!
Tell them that if they used Trumpcare for a problem they then had a pre existing health problem & their insurance would be very expensive?
Did you tell everyone about higher cost for base premiums that you then had to pay extra to get things you need: ER, Drugs, Maternity, etc
So, why is the GOP doubling down on even less access and even higher costs?  Not to mention less coverage.
As a disabled Missouri res. If not for Medicaid I would literally die...If my medicade is cut my family will sue you for wrongful death!
I'm a constituent in 63119, very alarmed by Comey's firing in middle of Trump/Russia investigation. Special prosecutor NOW. #Comey
When is the town hall Roy?
Did you mention that just about everything is preexsisting?  So you will have higher costs?
Special Prosecutor! Fight for America - not party!!!
Only Russian press core allowed in meeting with Trump and Russian minister. Does THIS bother You?
Ur always a few news stories behind. What about Tass being the only media allowed in Trump-Lavrov meeting? Comey? Town hall?
Notice you didn't mention lord cheeto firing comey head of the #Trumprussia investigation. Why is that?
Getting together with Democrats to come up with a plan for the best bill is the only solution.  Bipartisanship is the way.
All lies
#SpecialProsecutor
Red Alert 
@kellyayotte for FBI? No. She's full in bed with HSUS. Disaster.
@RoyBlunt you need to fix ACA not kick 24 million + off of healthcare. If care about MO then fix ACA
You're a disingenuous, lying sack of shit.
General to prevent insurance companies from charging seniors 5 times more than they charge others. Obamacare did
Missouri ins want lower premiums, substantial subsidies, coverage for pre-existing conditions and maternal benefits
Obamacare covered 250,000 Missourian but did leave others with higher premiums. Fix higher premiums, leave subsidy
250,000 people in Missouri have health insurance because of Obamacare. The GOP plan will kick these people off insur
Still trying to figure out how this fool got reelected. Enjoy your last term!
We need to make sure everyone can get to the polls next election. No excuses.
Your constituents (I'm in Springfield, Mo) demand a special prosecutor
What side of history do you want your legacy to be on Senator Blunt?
Fail
Did you talk about widespread obstruction of full ACA implementation by the GOP? If not, then you are lying. It works well when done fully.
The solution is not Republican Insurance Plan, it's Medicare for all. You're supposed to defend your constituents, not take their care. #RIP
It's shameful that you speak on issues 4 fame yet you hide from MO voters TOWNHALLS NOW! #FixACA #ImpeachTrump #PeopleB4Party
Liar, enemy of Missouri citizens
Stop choosing party over country. Special prosecutor for Trump/Russia is the only way. We're paying close attention.
I agree &now that @JamesComeyFBI is unemployed he is available 2b Special Prosecutor for Russian/Trump @All100Senators @GOP @CNN @MSNBC
And how on earth would you know how the #ACA affects your constituents, since you refuse to face them in a town hall? #coward
Who did you talk to? Constituents have been asking for town halls and you haven't had any
You should've talked about how it could be fixed to make it better. But you didn't. #shame
We need a special prosecutor for the Russian investigation. Now.
why r a bunch of dried up old white guys determining healthcare? This isn't about healthcare. It's about undoing Obama related legislation.
Get your bingo cards ready folks!
Independent investigation into #trumpRussia please. Do the right thing. Keep #aca #Obamacare
The government is fally apart and you're talking about your crappy insurance and your failings to fix the ACA.  The house is on fire!
*falling
Did you happen to mention that Republican ammendments to ACA and partisan hindering is a major reason why? Or did you forget about that bit?
“On top of HEFTY PREMIUM INCREASE 4 consumers, big drug companies &other special interests get a sweetheart deal" http://www.aarp.org/politics-society/advocacy/info-2017/aarp-opposes-healthcare-bill.html?utm_content=bufferda7e5&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer … …
Vote this idiot out.
As a constituent, I'm asking you to stand for country over party and support a special prosecutor into Trump's ties to Russia.
U mean billy buffet long. He threw Missouri under the bus on health care
Repeat after me - cover pre-existing conditions!
huh!!!! who's running your twitter acct? tell us your position on the probe into trump's ties w/Russia & that investigation.
.@RoyBlunt And when will you call for an independent #RussiaInvestigation so that those kids will grow up still living in a real democracy?
It's not like he's on the senate committee or anything. Even Roy's own staff agreed with me when I asked about an independent investigation
Then Blunt needs to make a public statement saying he is FOR having an independent investigation!
I'm not sure Roy is. It would seen as admitting he's over his head. He could easily say it's to de-politicize the story and save reputation.
Oh, I was taking "his staff agrees" 2 mean that Roy agrees. My mistake.
I'm hoping that's the case, but roy is on the Senate committee. So I'm not sure if he's going to say it, even if he thinks it.
TREASON HAS BEEN COMMITTED, EVERYONE KNOWS IT, AND YOU STILL TOW THE PARTY LINE AND COVER FOR IT. THAT MAKES YOU A TRAITOR. #TrumpRussia
Sir, do not make cuts that will lose Missouri citizens their healthcare.
.@RoyBlunt Obamacare has helped thousands of your constituents. How will you protect kids like Winston who depend on it?
Don't come back to Missouri if you cut $900 Billion from Medicaid.
