Stolen seat!  Keep it empty!
you aren't voting for Puzder right? He is unqualified and is moving his offices out of Missouri. You will support your state right
this is a stolen SCOTUS and you know it.
aren't we paying you to ask questions?  "There is no question" is not something I want to hear from my representative. 
Town hall?
& previous prez made a good choice & u chose not 2 even extend respect to listen. So if Dems obstruct u can't have it both ways
what reality do you live in? Can you read? Can you hear? Are you familiar with the King family? #therearesomanymorequestions
He just doesn't pay any attention to his constituents, that's all.
obvi, so sad, he's hemorrhaging any respect/dignity/trustworthiness/humanity that was left in his shriveling soul
#manypeoplearesaying that it isn't #TheRealDonaldTrump seat to fill. It's Judge Garland's seat and anyone else should be denied.
.@RoyBlunt Town Hall! STL wants a Town Hall. Come and talk to the people.
He's scared to talk to us, because we're buying his or his masters (trump) bullsh!t.
Call his office
There is if you just look. But you've decided not to question, and just obey your sugar daddy. #resist #nogorsuch
Pretty sure your constituents actually have a LOT of questions about that #LearnToCount #Resist #EnjoyYourLastTerm
Merrick Garland.
I agree
When are you going to come to St. Louis for a town hall meeting?  I guarantee you will get a big crowd.
I'd appreciate seeing you at a town hall in Columbia. Lots of things to talk about!
when's our town hall  in STL Roy??? We want to talk with you.
your St. Louis constituents want a town hall. Question is...are you brave enough to face them?
Good boy Roy. Good boy. Now sit. Sit. Now roll over. Cmon Roy. Roll over.
would love to hear you at a KC town hall meeting! You could tell us all about integrity (not!)
Another "so called judge?" By the way REAL PRESIENTS PAY TAXES.
start representing the constituents of your district not the whims and irrational behavior of Trump.
when and where is your next town hall meeting?
Really.  This is not a rhetorical question. When are your town hall meetings with YOUR constituents?
too bad you didn't carry the same respect for due process with Obama, thereby stealing his constitutional right to fill that seat.
poor Merick. Lost his dream because of obstruction in the Senate.
but you never met with or considered Merrick Garland.  You're a hypocrite and hack.  No ethics or integrity.
CHILLING. Thumbing nose as Advise and Consent process. Gorsuch irrelevant and YOU KNOW IT. Can't hide from Garland truth. SHAME
you only kept that seat with 3 points don't think you are working for your state
The word Merrick Garland 60 votes or no
did not see Town hall on schedule for break: Will you stop ignoring MO voters? or planning to ride this term out in Washington?
He was on radio in Joplin this morning.  Ignoring rest of state.
his buddy is there with all the money to destroy this state thanks for not a thing buddy
there is one question actually ... begins with Merrick Garland
He didn't, just like you are the worst for MO...Townhall NOW, it's time for you to answer to MO! #RecallBlunt #LastTermBlunt
tell us all about it at a town hall!
You will have to answer for Merrick Garland.
Other Senators have scheduled  town hall meetings with their constituents.   Care to leave Washington enough to do the same?
step outside DC. There's a place called MO where people disagree with you. #resist disgusting regime. So glad you can't run again
was this picture taken before or after he wrote you a check?
I look forward to hearing all about how you are ignoring your constituents in a TOWN HALL
As a citizen of MO I would like you to block Trump's #SCOTUS nominee just like you did with Pres. Obama's nominee. Fair is fair!
ahh, Roy...How sweet of u to meet with SCOTUS nominee. When's the town hall to discuss why u didn't grant MG the same courtesy?
Are you too afraid to come home and face your constituents?  Come tell us to our faces how much fun it is screwing us over.
Hope you enjoy your last term.
no hearings or vote should be held until Garland gets his.  Vote down Garland if you want, but the man deserves his hearing.
So why do YOU want to abolish Social Security?
When are you going to hold a town hall meeting? Your constituents have some questions for you. Are you afraid of something?
I look forward to voting your ass out in 6 years, we were getting closer last election and by god we'll get it done!
you helped sell Trump to Missouri so when will you tell us that we not Mexico will pay for any wall or will you just say nothing
I am ashamed of you. Luckily, I also suspect that the Judge isn't as weak as Donny thinks he is.
Would love to hear why at a town hall meeting.  You love to be on television and I am sure it would make the news. #Stolenseat
did he give you any idea on how wrong Donald and Kelly Ann was when they abused their power against Nordstrom an American business
I don't think the senate should vote on a SCOTUS judge during the last year of a presidency.
#ImpeachTrump
it'd be cool if Sen Blunt actually ran or at least READ his twitter. He probably thinks everyone on here likes his sycophantic bs.
There's a LOT of questions. You'd know that your constituents are asking them if you cleaned out your ears.
IF you are MALE and support BIG BUSINESS 
he'd be fine. I'm neither so guess what - I'm against him 100%.
Is he more qualified than Merrick Garland?  Hard to tell, since GOP Senate obstructed and failed to do their Constitutional duty.
Merrick Garland would have been an outstanding justice but you wouldn't even talk to him.
Any chance at all - literally any - that you'd care to go into why you think Gorsuch is a good pick? Genuinely curious.
did you two chat about the @gop's unconstitutional obstruction of Merrick Garland? Would love to hear his opinion.
We'd love to hear all about it...at a town hall!
Don't pretend to have any opinion separate from Trump's. You'd be praising a rotten tomato if he'd nominated it. #NoIntegrity
Yep, we can't wait till you are out of office. #resist
