That is NOT religious freedom. Christianity is NOT the only religion. And Trump is NOT any kind of religious. HE DOES BAD THINGS.
Why aren't you talking about healthcare?!
ALL religions, or just Fundamentalist Christianity? Does that include freedom FROM religion? "Separation of Church & State" sound familiar?
Unless you make over a half a million a year your a democrat and the republicans are using your religion to con you to vote rep wake up MO
Including freedom FROM religion?
Your responsibility is to represent your constituents. Grow a spine & do it. With the exception of Mooch, rats jump off sinking ships. #jump
Exactly. Get Jesus out of the clinic and protect women's reproductive rights. #republicanhypocrisy
Whose religion?
Thank you for standing for Muslims.
And our leaders have a responsibility to pass legislation that helps people, not kills them. But at 2 a.m. this morning, you voted to kill.
The man embarrasses this country daily. He tweets and insults world leaders. He makes non-workable policy decisions on the fly. He acts like
in that office & unable to function as President. Take the necessary steps. Impeach him or replace him using 25th Amendment. #savethecountry
Now that he has bankrupted Kansas he can move on.
Where does the constitution say that?
good god i hope you don't get re-elected
Do you mean like the way you and Trump are promoting the Muslim Travel ban???
Let's not forget freedom from religion. Separation between church and state anyone?
Religious protection is important, what abt protecting MO citizens from financial catastrophe from serious health issue
Not a priority 4u?
As long as I can get the same plan as you, and you pay for my insurance, (as I do for yours) I'm on board. @USRepLong @SenateMajLdr
Is that religious freedom for all or just the white male evangelicals?  Just asking as an Episcopalian (we kinda let God judge)
YOU voted yes on Trumpcare. I will vote NO for you & anything you stand for. It's been a long relationship Roy, but we have to break up now!
What's up Tunt? When your descendants look back they are going to be embarrassed that you're in their family . Sad
Religious freedom is code word for let's discriminate people so we can feel good.  The Religion I know helps the poor not vote party line
This nation has a unique responsibility to protect the people and the environment from corporate greed. #hypocrite
ALL religious freedom
Taking away healthcare and forcing LGBTQ community back in the closet is not religious freedom. It's oppression. #RoyBluntsGottaGo
@Morning_Joe @morningmika @RandPaul @JeffFlake @SenWarren @RepCummings @marcorubio @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump
As long as it Christian freedom...is what I'm guessing since I've never witness you defend unjustifiable discrimination against a Muslim
Will you support sanctions against Saudi Arabia until they enforce full equality for Women & LGBT citizens? WILL YOU?
Oh, I forgot: Saudi Arabia keeps your campaign coffers full—and besides, you don't even support equality here in USA. Nevermind. 
How about starting in America, first, Roy? You hypocrite.
You practice that stuff on your own life I'll be goddamn if you practice it on mine.
Very Christian of you to dump 202,000 sick & poor Missourians to die while you enjoy the fantastic healthcare we all pay for. Despicable.
You and the rest of the GOP are pathetic disgraces
Roy on TrumpCare and Christianity: "I haven't really thought it through."
 You weasel! Killing AMERICANS  to give more $ to billionaires and then posting this?!?! TRAITOR 
Including being Muslim and non-religious. Religious freedom isn't just about supporting Judeo-Christain beliefs.
Also, STOP TRYING TO TAKE MY HEALTHCARE AWAY! Stop being partisan and help your actual constituents.
You have a unique responsibility to "think through" the bill you're about to vote on, shitcake.
Senators have a unique responsibility to protect & promote needs of constituents. You don't do that, why should the world expect different?
another mentally unfit representative who knows nothing and can't even understand what he votes on..just go party right
I. Am. Disgusted. By. You.
The world doesn't want to have anything to do with this administration bc they do not respect you. Breaking news -- neither do Americans.
Please vote no on this #SkinnyRepeal. The people of MO deserve better!
Jesus would vote NO on the #SkinnyRepeal and advocate for #MedicareForAll .
Maybe you could protect and promote Americans by voting NO on #SkinnyRepeal . Health care is a human right. Be on the right side of history.
Gross
You're a horrible senator and a despicable man

The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’
American Medical Association shits on your shitty heartless bill.
Here's a message to you from The Mooch. Nice guy. #sad
And don't forget freedom FROM religion.
No. It really doesn't. It's not the job of our country to inflict its views on other countries.
Yes, we're all gonna need a little religion after you steal healthcare from your constituents while you enjoy the perks of your lobbyists
I hope you mean all religions.
Your thoughts on Scaramucci?
why should "religious freedom" in other countries matter to an "America First" America? or are you just playing to your "Christian" base
I'm excited to see what progress Ambassador Brownback can make for Tibetan Buddhists and ethnic Kurds. Oh wait. GOP. White Jesus only.
is this all religions or just Christianity?
ALL religious freedom -- not just Christianity -- and freedom FROM religion!
We can't afford things like health care ...haven't you heard? So really this position is frivolous.  Is it a new position? Curious?
Your faxes aren't going through. Make sure your machine is plugged in!
By religious freedom do u mean all religions or just yours that says promote the rights of rich & screw the ones that need the most help?
blunt praises trump. Now isn't that special. Country bumpkin idolizes big city rapist, swindler, made in Russia whack job. I'm impressed.
A Trillion dollar tax cut for the wealthiest Americans, Drug Co & Insurance Co. Americans are NOT commodities.  This is IMMORAL
others. You have been sabotaging the ACA causing premiums to rise and insurance companies to leave the market all for
All y'all religious folks that voted for & support trump. And don't mind denying millions of Americans adequate access to healthcare.
Watched you on the Senate Floor. MO didn't expand Medicaid which would have help hundreds of thousands & kept premiums lower for
OMG please make it stop: the White House is stone cold crazy, profane, criminal and out of control.  And Melania has no citizen papers.
@datagoodies @RoyBlunt 
Freedom yes.  But Kansas knows this man doesn't represent that at all - unless you are conservative Christian.   We will remember this.
*Offer valid with Christianity only. Cannot be combined with other offers. Void where prohibited.
Satanism? Is it covered?
Is the religions of Islam and Flying Spaghetti Monster going to be protected also?
For all religions or only the ones you agree with?  When are you going to protect us by voting down repealing ACA? Hypocrite.
It IS NOT the job of our gov to promote ANY kind of religion in any country. Our job is to promote Peace, Democracy, human rights
And by that do you mean everyone has to follow what religion old white politicians believe in?
Hey Roy watching yo u on C-Span....you need to shut up and vote no on trumpcare ! ..unless you want to kill people is that what you want ?
A Tiger praising a Jayhawk? Take a picture quick!
How would Jesus feel about millions losing their access to healthcare?
Tbh CaeserCare didn't exist at the time so healthcare probably isn't a high priority on his list.
The Christian Taliban at it's finest right here folks! The Republican Party!
we need FREEDOM from people like you!
When you praise Trump, you lose credibility & votes. You might want to re-think your choices. Just sayin'... 
1Religious freedom also means freedom FROM religion but that doesn't stop you from making laws based on your religion
If you actually cared
2 About religious freedom you wouldn't be trying to restrict access to abortion
It's nothing but GOP sharai law
Laws based in YOUR religion
Don't trust the House. Vote NO
you're worthless  Democrats will rise up in MO
*Except when it comes to Muslims, right Roy?
Aah yes. Free the people from the shackles of their desert god religion... so you can tell them the wonders of your own desert god religion
Wow! Is this your announcement that you want to end the Muslim ban?!
It  also means freedom FROM religion and many of its warped followers. This is a secular nation,  not a Christian nation.
No, we don't. Especially since what you're really advocating is using religion to discriminate against people. Sick.
Unless you're Muslim? Am I getting warmer?
