So, make it only available to those who can afford it? That's the kind of healthcare you support...
Nothing in life is free. Someone’s got to pay for it. Just like Obamacare hurts working Americans by driving up premiums is that fair.
What stop funding it?
So you’re going to lobby your fellow Senators to gut these programs like you did with healthcare? Hey intern, pass that along.
So happy to find something that we can agree on. Still going to work to get you out of office. No offense, of course.
His voting record would indicate he doesn't actually support this
Like I said, much classier the way you told it
Start with the FAKE president, you took an oath to protect the constitution and our country!
You mean by denying coverage for it based on pre-existing conditions?
oh, you mean like the healthcare that trump executive order gutted today? fantastic.
trump owns it now
Agreed. Start with #25thAmendment
The president isn’t mentally incapacitated. Want trump go beat him in the ballot box convince us fellow Missourians why we were wrong.
Does this mean you will finally pay attention to the fact that POTUS is deranged and likely to start wars due to temper tantrums?
Trump isn’t deranged. Want him gone beat him in the ballot box. That’s the right way not the childish way u liberals are trying to employ.
By gutting Americans' ability to afford healthcare insurance and thereby denying Americans access to all healthcare physical and mental? You are SUCH A LYING HYPOCRITE, royboy. Bought and paid for and kissing that orange asshole daily.
We do Roy. It's you and your R cronies that don't. Fix the ACA.
So you mean get rid of it like your potus got rid of health care today?
Obamacare is killing working people by driving up premiums. Thats why since it’s passage the dems haven’t won an election.
By sabotaging and underfunding it?  Or is that just the GOP plan...
Oh lord you left yourself wide open with that statement! You do treat mental health like other health issues “with total lack of disregard”!
Poorly?
Great idea. How will people pay for mental healthcare?  Trump's latest exec order & cuts to subsidies will make it even more costly.
I completely agree, now if only anyone could afford it. We have insurance and still won't go to the dr because it's too expensive
Roy, the darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!  Dante Alighieri
Oh please.  You're party is gutting the affordable care act.  Shameless politicking with lives on the line.   Are you human?
It needs to be treated better than that @royblunt!
You first
Interested in helping those with mental health issues?  There is a mentally ill man whom you continue to support in the White House.
and you think you are going to get that. With the health care you republicans keep trying to pass. Which you keep voting for
So Roy, are we starting with that sociopath fake president we have been dealing with for the last 10 months??  You took an oath!a
You mean make it too expensive & too hard to get unless you’re part of the 1% and completely inaccessible if you’re a woman?
By taking coverage away like you are doing with health insurance?
Shittily? #Trumpcare
You cannot be serious! Didn't you vote several times to take health care away from your constituents?
Can we start with @HillaryClinton
Is that why you supported loosening gun laws for those with mental illnessss?
Starting with the mental patient in the white house #Putinspuppet #IllegitPOTUS #FakePresident #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Check out his voting record above why he gets on twitter and lies is beyond me. He thinks we are all stupid.
That’s going to be quite the trick with 45 decimating healthcare laws that protect mental health coverage. Any chance you’ll say something 

Thanks!
So how does your support of gutting Medicaid & Medicare figure into this? Or your votes to kick millions off healthcare?
right.  and Donald Trump should be first in line!
Roy Blunt also needs his head examined for being an NRA pimp...
You mean by gutting access to programs & cutting funding for reasearch? Or do you mean taking it away from those who need it most?
Like a for profit business where average people go broke trying to get help?  Awesome  #universalhealthcare
Privatize it so it is inaccessible to large portions of the population?
...  not pay for it, and if you're sick you're on your own?
Seriously. You and your GOP buddies are currently holding 9 million children hostage, and you've been voting to take HC from most vulnerable
So with that in mind, what the hell are you talking about, Roy?
How by not funding it?  Cut healthcare, cut mental health services will lead to a poor and unhealthy nation.
It's time we impeach Trump.
Keep the ACA and help fix , otherwise you are just flapping your gums!
Roy only represents a portion of Missouri,your not invited unless your GOP,special interest ,lobbyists,NRA,chamber of commerce,or MONEY
What, like take it away like ACA and essential benefits?
Sooo... poorly?
And it all starts in the Whitehouse.There is a definite mental issue there ,then it is spreading to the GOP,help is definitely needed there
By dropping coverage for those who need it?

Hampton City Schools investigates a post ft. a deaf black student in a headlock with racial slurs. #StopHate http://www.13newsnow.com/news/local/mycity/hampton/racist-image-featuring-kecoughtan-high-school-students-investigated/482589926 …
You mean cancel it for everyone but you and yours?  Asking for a friend.
Start with the raving idiot n the White House! He's has SERIOUS mental health issues! Btw U've ALWAYS voted 2 repeal the ACA leaving M's w/o
Can we start with the president? And I say this in complete seriousness and sincerity.
Oh, you mean by ripping healthcare away from those you deem aren’t worthy or forcing them into bankruptcy?  Healthcare is a right!
Bravo!  And yes!
Without insurance?
It is time to put money into the mental health services. But NOT guns.
It's time Missourians and all have affordable healthcare including mental healthcare. You voted to get rid of it.
So you mean only for the rich?
Start with trump
Yes, treat mental health for all Americans hat need & want it.
Why don't we have POTUS be the first to be examined.
Perhaps you can encourage our President to avail himself of the services.  Our country...and world...would appreciate it.
Then stop voting against that exact thing
Why are you and Trump purposely trying to cripple Obamacare instead of trying to fix it and hurt people like me. What have I done to you!!
And for that people need insurance. No good if all cannot access
You lie. Plain and simple.
Was this a story about Trump?
Not after today’s debacle or what happens when the Medicare budget is slashed? This is all lip service. Plus there’s guns.
what about your beloved president?
You mean limit access to care and increase premiums to give the wealthiest Americans a big tax cut and increase insurance company profits?
