The working people that @RoyBlunt is actively working to hurt.
Trump team considering plan that would tax the $$ workers place into 401ks up front to pay for corporate tax cuts. http://politi.co/2wBsxoy 
Sure. But the tax plans being put out that you support don't do that
Trump team considering plan that would tax the $$ workers place into 401ks up front to pay for corporate tax cuts. http://politi.co/2wBsxoy 
please vote to retain daca kids. they contribute taxes!not only is it the christian thing to do but where would the government get the money
I just want to see proof that cutting taxes for Corporations = more jobs and higher wages for workers and not more money for CEO' s.
Are you insane? Look at what that absolute ghoul Sam Brownback did in Kansas. Our schools are bad enough without you taking their money too.
We already know that you actively hate Missourians and apparently the country as a whole, how else would you have your voting record?
No, no, see, he thinks what *he* does makes *his family* count as a "working family", despite that we've never seen him do any work, at all.
Yes, we do. But Trump's plan increases taxes for us and gives huge tax breaks to the wealthy. Enough with the lies, Roy!
At this point @RoyBlunt lies the way I blink, he's not even aware he's doing it. What must it be like to be as spineless as Blunt?
op-eds, Sunday shows, radio interviews, a trip to the fair, business tours... Hmm, what's missing. oh yeah...TOWN HALLS #coward #pussy
You were in Congress when those regulations were passed. What specifically are you calling for?  How much will your taxes be reduced?
Please retire. Today.
I wish @KCStar @KCS would do a editorial on the cowardly @GOP like @RoyBlunt and @RepHartzler who refuses to meet with constituents
Families also need affordable healthcare, good wages and elected officials who will talk to their constituents at town hall meetings. Agree?
'Sup, Senator? Schedule any townhalls yet, or was all of your time spent on an essay meant to kiss ass & hurt MO?
It's telling that he'd be called a libtard by today's republicans
TRICKLE DOWN DOESN'T WORK.
You won't hold a town hall, you're a Trump sycophant, and you're lying about who will benefit most from tax reform. Your disdain is amazing.
Sm businesses aren't able to get group health insurance policies & are paying as much as $2200/MONTH for insurance we can't afford to use.
We agree that families and small businesses need tax relief, but the proposals you're probably backing will give all the breaks to the rich.
As long as the money goes to average Americans and not the top 1% or corporations.
Don't you realize businesses & corporations pass their tax expense on to the consumers via higher prices, so you're paying the taxes anyway?
And you mean a hundred bucks for middle class families and huge cuts for millionaires, right?
You ran on the premise that you would REPEAL Obamacare yet there wasn't a peep out of you until you had McCain to stop the repeal.
What we need is for @JasonKander to be our senator.
1. These tax cuts are actually for wealthiest 1% NOT #MO families
2. You don't talk/listen to your constituents, much less read Twitter
You say families and Small businesses, how about incomes Under 250,000. Don't forget who you r working 4
Let's be real. You are only concerned about big corporate $. You do not care about constituents. You do not care about MO.
. . . aaaaaaand, that's why you're going to give it to big business.
How about standing up for a living wage for ALL Americans!
And by small business you mean individual millionaires, right?
@RoyBlunt , If you would host a few town halls, you'd know we need higher minimum wage & fewer breaks for the rich/Corps!!  #TownHall
but this is just words! When it comes to taking action & standing up for those families small businesses, where will you be, Roy? <crickets>
Yes that's correct Roy. Only the new Tax Code helps neither small business or families. In fact it does just the opposite. Vote him out.
How about some tRump relief. When are you going to denounce white supremacist, neo-Nazi's and the KKK. Or are they your base too?
No, we need responsible corporations & 1% Americans paying Their share!!
Stop boasting and bragging about a tax plan we DON'T WANT, and talk to us in person!
Yes, they do but your proposal gives them to corporations and the wealthy instead. Nice try but Bo knows math.
I can't read. Would you mind telling me all about it in say.....a Town Hall?
Do you think the voters can't read, Senator? That they can't understand or reason? We've read the fine print and reject it.
UR A PAID REPUBLICAN PUPPET, PROOF IS EASY, YOUR VOTING RECORD, & YOUR CORP. CONTRIBUTORS TELL THE TRUTH!
Then why does the GOP want to tax our retirement money to pay for tax cuts for billionaires? The rich don't need help! 
#LaborDay
Trump’s tax plan will only provide “relief” to the already wealthy. Trickle down doesn’t work.

THE GOP WILL PAY DEARLY FOR DACA, & BACKING TRUMP. HIS FAMILY MAKES ALL THEIR PRODUCTS IN CHINA & S.E. ASIA HOW DOES THAT MAGA... IT DOESN'T
@thehill Nice words Blunt, who lives in million dollar home in DC! You only care about your lobbyist family members. Try being real!
Your op-ed has holes in it and a lot of fantasy,not to mention horse .the rich will benefit the working class will get s and who will pay?
We don't need tax relief. We need to be paid more so we can buy more! Trickle down economics is not a long term economic solution.
Too bad we won't actually get it if your party writes Tax Reform. Because we aren't millionaires and billionaires that can buy your vote.
NO TAX CUTS FOR THE WEALTHY & CORP. AMERICA! TAX LOOP HOLES ROB THE NATION'S TREASURY! TRICKLE ECONOMICS IS PURE BULL SHIT!
We can talk taxes AFTER you introduce legislation guaranteeing continued commitment to DACA. This is the only country these kids know.
You mean tax relief for the Blunts and the Trumps, don't you?
this is a huge scam to funnel money to the richest. Quit lying to your constituents.
Bad try Roy. No tax cuts for rich. You should fix your minimum wage!
Oh Roy, you talk to everybody but your constituents. Why is that? What are trying to hide?
You never had a town hall meeting to ask me how ivfelt.
I'm all for simplifying the tax code (let's make @HRBlock irrelevant), but not as cover for shoveling money to the already-wealthy.
Why do giant corporations need tax relief when their profits are at an all time high and wage growth is negligible? I would say they don't
He
Lies. 
@RoyBlunt is only in it to make money. He could give a shit about you or your family. 
@MissouriGOP
My op-ed in today’s @KCStar: families & small business need tax relief http://bit.ly/2vFKrWR 
Kansas city needs town hall meeting!!
Your constituents need TOWN HALLS.
EVERYBODY needs tax relief. More than that, we need tax simplification& government which respects individual freedoms more that gov control.
Any Republican that votes for #DACA before #Obamacare REPEAL, #TaxRelief or #BuildTheWall needs to be VOTED OUT of Congress. Period.
