How about you stop disgracing Missouri with your ridiculous opposition to student loan forgiveness? Or your refusal to hold town meetings?
Roy is a big chicken.
You're kidding, right?  You refused to do your Constitutional duty when Obama made a SC nomination!  You're the Game Master, Senator.
There you go Roy, you just made yourself a hypocrite.
Roy, no one cares if he doesn't fill his cabinet, you  stop supporting this malignant creep, or we can assume that you are just like him.
It is time for you to stop supporting your mentally ill president.
How long will it take to confirm @BarackObama SCOTUS nominee? That's less of a game and more like TREASON
So, there's no FEMA director because of the Democrats?
You say this and there are 347 open positions that have not even been filled as of today? Why is that?
You have the majority... do you not know how that works?
I agree with you.  Do those politicians think we don't what they're doing?  Trust me, if I didn't know where they stood before, I know now.
Could the President stop golfing and tweeting and fill these positions.
You and your hypocritical nonsense are tedious.  Please step down for the benefit of your (former) state and of your country.
Like the Republicans couldn't play nice with Obama.  Pot calling the kettle black.
Enough of your nonsense. In order to be confirmed POTUS needs to stop playing golf or watching TV long enough to nominate someone.
After 8 years Dems finally have a problem with a golfing president. Good grief.
Trump has played golf 22% of his days in office. He campaigned he will never play golf or take a vacation...its a damn high percentage.
You're gonna fish or cut bait. 2018 ain't so far away, bud
Who is running against you so I can start supporting them you flaming hypocrite.
As if GOP didn't obstruct Obama's every blink of the eye. You're disingenuous. #dijonmustard
I just said that hahhaha!  Fist bump!
It's time for you to work for your constituents and not your donors.
Big time!
You certainly can't blame Dems for not accepting the idiots that your president pulls in around him. Thugs and idiots.
Sure blame the dems, the republicans control both house and Senate, and you still cant get anything done. You are weak and useless.
LIES, LIES, LIES. @POTUS like to talk fake news. Little did he know it comes from his own party
It comes from him directly , that is the liar and chief.
Only Trump and the emasculated GOP are playing games, and with people's lives!
Could the open positions have something fo do w people not wanting to accept nom for fear of being associated with Trump?
So, there's no state department/ambassadors because of the Democrats?
You first @RoyBlunt
We said this for seven long years, Senator. Why didn't you listen?
Get our of their way and they might.
Its time for republicans to end their protection of Donald Trump et al.
Point one finger, 3 point back at the accuser. What did Senate Reps do during last presidency?
senator blunt how truthful you are,americans not dumb we see the obstructions by dems, and come voting time guess what?
Maybe he should nominate some people.... you're icky.
Empty statement Senator. GOP has all 3 branches & don't forget McConnell's goal to thwart Obama's every move. We remember.
Again. It is the qualification levels of the nominees, not the Democrats, slowing t ge process.  qualified people get fast confirmations.
No. See #MerrickGarland.
Will you end your support for potus and stand for the people not your party? If you did you wouldn't ask this question.
Kinda like the GOP confirmed Garland? Funny how that works.
Screw you.  Your party of fascists obstructed for 8 years...
Excuse me.  Many of his noms have turned out to be incompetent, bordering on corrupt.  we absolutely need to obstruct any more noms.
how  does feel? GOP did the same thing to Obama
now how does it feel, TOP did the same during Obama years
How many of those positions has @POTUS nominated people for? That would help get the process moving as well.
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/18/how-the-gop-became-the-party-of-putin-215387 …
Whatever - YOU made this bed!!!!
Do you not remember 8 years of obstruction of nominees? Dare I say, Merrick Garland?
Obstruction, you say? #MerrickGarland anyone?
Also, @POTUS needs to MAKE noms before anyone can obstruct them.
How about that #BRCA, tho?
Whoops, I mean #BCRA... As a Missouri resident, I can tell you I don't want whatever that was, but you seemed to not oppose it.
Get a grip Roy- @GOP practically invented obstruction
It's time for the @POTUS to end his obstruction of making nominations.
Yet we cannot - simply cannot! - allow Clovis to be USDA's top scientist! He has no background in the hard sciences, food or agriculture!!!
I guess like the Republicans did our last POTUS
What about Merrick Garland? You screwed him out of a lifelong appointment so you could obstruct. You are the problem.
It's time for Senate Republicans to quit trying to take healthcare from millions of Americans. Funny, you guys just got done obstructing!
Hypocrite. Where was this attitude during the Obama administration? You are an embarrassment to the state of Missouri.
Merrick Garland!
Ok third leg of Mitch this is not obstruction nominees are not the right ppl for the job do you understand?? People vote not corps think
Agree
We are working to send yo some Help. @AP4Liberty #MOSEN @FN4AP #ThersanAP4That
Suggestion. Dems want single payer, doing it thru medicaid. Why don't you add copays like everyone else? $0, $10, $15, $20 based on income
#kharmasabitch
For 8 years you Obstructed everything President Obama wanted to do.....you reap what you sew.
Maybe if qualified people were nominated it'd go quicker. What are DeVols credentials to be sec of ed. Proper vetting would help too.
They learned from seven years of the GOP doing the very same thing
6 MONTHS and you're whining? Nope. We will #NeverForget the last 8 YEARS! Plus: nominate centrists-from both parties for better chances.
Hey Roy it's time for the stupid Republicans to stop playing games and fulfill the promises they made to the people. Repeal Obamacare NOW!
Maybe it would go faster if 45 made some actual nominations. Under 200 doesn't xut it. You cant blame that on the Dems.
#resist #impeach
It's time for the American people to clean house...and Senate! Get non-politicians that will do what we send them to do!! Sick of Russia!!!
Senator, after watching you and your friends obstruct Obama for 8 years, all we can say is: Please just shut up.
You've  GOT to be kidding. Is this sarcasm?  For definition of obstructionism see the last 6 yrs. Do ppl really have this shirt of a memory?
AGREED! Postpone recess?
Yes, or @RoyBlunt @RoyBluntMO could set himself apart and #LEAD work for good to help people of MO and not be a place holder, #DoYourJob
Seems all the Dems want to do is argue...with everyone...over EVERY LITTLE THING! They're soooo redundant! How do they get anything done?
Oh please!
Maybe he should make some qualified nominations.
Work w/them on healthcare! A whole new attitude will develop. The nation needs both parties working together for the common good. #USA
How did you vote on Merrick Garland again? Oh, wait... #HYPOCRITE
look who trump just nominated for dept of agriculture.   not even a scientist!!!!
Maybe if Drumpf would stop appointing hacks...you should be on the side of the people you represent. When is your town hall?
Merrick Garland.
there's 2 sets of rules, when the GOP plays their political game with the last administration for 8 YEARS thats fine! #GOPDOYOURJOBS
If pieces of shit weren't nominated by this farce of an administration this would go much smoother.  Good luck at the polls btw.
FYI Roy, #MerrickGarland was mentioned repeatedly in response to you.  Who's zoomin who?
2/2Th Obstruction is a word that the GOP needs to avoid using. Rep party wants everything their way or no way. Sad for the people.
1/2 The only political games are being played by the GOP. You had 7 yrs to find a better plan, where is it?
Sure because the Republicans never held up Obama's judicial nominees. Oh wait, never mind.
This has to be a joke.
What a laughable statement.
Roy do you have anyone on staff who reviews the responses to your tweets? I didn't think so. Are you doing this just to irritate us? Gotcha!
That's rich, coming from you.
Enough of billionaire assholes being appointed to positions to fuck America for their personal gain!
It would help if he would actually take the time to Vet and nominate people, Senator!  He is too busy playing Russian Roulette and Golf.
You want to talk about political games? How about that repeal vote without having a replacement coming up, just to appease the richest 5%?
Lol becoming a Trump surrogate is the fast track to humiliation and unemployment! Pay attention to FACTS.  #BluntForSale
This has to be a joke.
You're a bottom 5 senator. Keep shadowing behind McConnell's shoulder with the little integrity you have
How about you quit playing games, senator. #SiberianCandidate needs to nominate someone before the senate can confirm them.
It's also time for the Republican party to fo what they were voted into office fir
Why do you continuously lie to your constituents? Unprecedented # of posts with NO nominations. Do your job instead of carrying 45's water
It's not games when people's lives are at stake.
I agree. Almost all the nominees have been abismal. Just get it over with. They will all wither on the vine.
What? who has he even nominated?
45 doesn't care about noms! Please consider Russia meddling, US healthcare, & programs to help the growing class of poor you helped create!
Sen. Blunt, enough with the political games. It's time for the Senate GOP to end their constant blaming of the Dems for their own failings.
This is rich. #merrickgarland
It's hard to obstruct nominations that haven't been made.
@Royblunt and @realdonaldtrump margins
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/roy-blunt/ …
Trump score
Senate Rinos too.

 
It is time for him to nominate people with integrity and experience.
It is time for Republicans to ensure that we are getting well vetted people.  If their ethics aren't good how can they represent America?
You're embarrassing yourself carrying water for this corrupt administration
You know damn well Trump hasn't done his part to get these people in place.  He's also a lier so you lose all credibility protecting him
That's a ridiculous statement  Dems don't have blame here and you know it  we need healthcare for all and we need to trust. Work on that
Enough with the political games. It's time for YOU to stand with humanity and against the healthcare repeal bill.
Also: Garland. How'd you fall on that one, Senator?
I hope you enjoy your last term! But not too much! @RoyBlunt @POTUS

Remember this?
Remember this?
Remember this?
Yes yes yes. They to become Americans and forget all this fratnizing the immigrants & illegals
Games? like: Garland? rushing early noms thru w/o ethics paperwork, vetting? DJT way behind on noms&diff. finding willing to work for him?
@TheDemocrats  have voted on 50 of 240 names - 20%.  @POTUS has nominated 240 out of 3000 he needs to fill - 8%. Karma, friend.
"Oh! What A Tangled Web We Weave When First We Practice To Deceive"
Merrick Garland.
Pot calling the kettle black much? Didn't you hold up a perfectly good Supreme Court nominee?
You are nothing more than a hypocritical tool.  Actually you are a hypocritical lying tool.  #notownhalls #nospine #corporatewhore
You have got to be kidding!  You probably believe you and your fellow Republicans have not been obstructionist  in the past.  Hypocrisy!
Most are more concerned about the health care. Not all or even most preexisting conditions due to lifestyle.  Compromise!
It is time you do what is best for Missouri!  Vote no on Trump Care!
Because he has been so nice to them right? With his threats and tweets? And because the GOP never thought about obstruction right?
Merrick Garland
Karma is a big ol b$tch ain't she? You jerks need to learn to work with dems. They are way more intelligent and not heartless jerks like you
Maybe they'd be quicker if you hadn't killer Garland nomination.
You're a tool.
Right you are getting what you deserve remember the nominee for the Supreme Court Merrick Garland?Mitch Mc Connell the great obstructionist
Your memory is very short son you people blocked Obama at every turn what goes around comes around how about that yellow streak u got
Not that long ago, the Democrats were saying that about the GOP with SCOTUS nominations. Did you forget your leadership in that already?
The longer nominations take, the less damage Trump does to the country.  11 years is excellent!!!
You're Kidding right?
We said the same thing about Republicans when @BarackObama was in office!
Deflect, deflect, deflect. Does this mean you are one of the ones going down with others in the Republican party?
You & @USRepLong make me embarrassed & sick to have u as my representatives in DC #VoteOutRoy20 #DumpBagmanBilly18
Democrat Obstructionists Democrat Destructionists. Useless to the Congress Useless to the their voters
2) sickens me when I see you March & Stand behind McConnell Ashamed you represent the State I Love @clairecmc @TheDemocrats #VoteRoyOut20
Sir, you are an appalling hypocrite.
1) I give up on you Understand that you will be in the WRONG side of history You've been a DC puppet for $$ Forget re-election #VoteRoyOut20
I've asked this question every time this theme arises: just what are the Dems doing to delay? No filibuster, so what else can they do?
They learned from Republicans :).
Did Trump tell you to say that at dinner?  Aren't you supposed to be investigating #TrumpRussia ?
Which noms are Dems obstructing? I always believe presidents should be allowed to nominate & get approval of their cabinet & judges.
It would be great if this POS would listen to Missourians and come back and talk to us. It may be 5 yrs. before he does that. Cowardly ass.
Who obstructed a Supreme Court nominee? Who's giving banks a get out of jail free card? Who's set to make ins inaccessible to millions?
Who's going to let net neutrality go away so we don't get what we pay for? Who's willing to look the other way at the Russian involvement?
Who's willing to give tax cuts to the very rich? Who's up for letting students get screwed on their loans? It's you and the GOP, Roy.
Now wait just a minute, who controls the Senate?
Here's a list of some of the puppeteers. https://www.opensecrets.org/outsidespending/contrib.php?cmte=Senate+Majority+PAC&cycle=2016 …
I agree enuf political games. Rep. Adam Schiff on working w/ GOP on health care: “We are ready, we are willing, we are able, we are eager”
I expect that my Sentor will give me an answer.  Were they invited to any of the Healthcare meetings the Republicans had?
Don't be silly.  Trump has left positions vacant in order to consolidate power. He's dismantling US democracy.
Ha ha ha.  Look at them laugh.  Look how happy they are to hurt people and steal their money. No honor. No duty. No country. #Liberty
Blunt is loyal to Trump-Putin or loyal to the Constitution. 
Can't be both.  
Which is it, Senator? 
Defend our #Constitution 
Remove Trump
If Trump purges Mueller, will you be loyal to Trump, or to the Constitution? Be a Patriot, defend the #Constitution
#TrumpTraitor
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Yeah Dems. Straighten up and follow McConnells lead. A man of great virtue and honor.
GOP is the majority party. Stop whining n fix the problem.
Just stop, you partisan hack. You hitch your horse to the Trump Train and my respect for you dwindles daily. #MerrickGarland
Really, you're a joke.  Come to St. Louis for a town hall, we'd love to chat.
@RoyBlunt So disingenuous to cry "They did it!" at this point. When concessions are otherwise made in Congress to make bipartisan laws....
Does the name Merrick Garland ring a f*#ing bell, Senator? You are all hypocrites and don't think we'll forget it.
Oh, please. The massive levels of selective amnesia and hypocrisy are infuriating. Maybe Drumpf should nominate qualified people, then see.
You're nothing but a Party man, loyal to yourself and your label. I can't wait until we're able to vote you out.
@RoyBlunt Political #games are the very mechanics of how we operate via our leadership. Should our administration find this too difficult...
Get off your knees in the Oval Office
#GOPocrisy
If you don't call out corruption and possible treason, then you condone it. Stand up and grow some balls. Country before Party. #impeach45
How brain dead are you and your staff? Ask Judge Garland abt political games.
Please stop blaming Democrats for your party's myriad failures.
If you've had enough of political games, then reach across the aisle to Dems and get a bipartisan healthcare bill!!
Let's be honest, only 50 nominees are in the pipeline; some questionable; @POTUS needs to do better too.
Why do you keep pushing this lie? He hasn't made nominations for most and the ones he has made are horrible. STOP LYING.
How about you push the president to start nominating some people. Quit lying to the American people
The pot calling the kettle black!  You hypocrite, hold a town hall meeting.# coward
Sen Blunt, I know the game plan is to deflect, but is it only the DEMS fault?  This talk to too partisan for what we need in our leaders
