You can't pick out 1 or2 people who have problems with the ACA,  and forget millions who have healthcare now because of the ACA.
I WILL HAVE NO INSURANCE WITHOUT ACA! #ACAtreatsDiabetes #ACAtreatsDiabetes #ProtectOurCare
say no Ol Roy to this replacement bill!
Why are you supporting a plan that increases the deficit and decreases coverage? 63130
What ever plan you finally force on us, congress should have to be forced to use it too.  Fair enough?
Well I'm sure Mark is an expert, but this new plan does nothing to fix that.
Please approve investigation of Trump taxes and Russian election interference.
There is nothing affordable about th new plan when rich people get tax cuts, poor pay more.  Let everyone have the same Healthcare as you do
How much more affordable will Trumpcare be?
Improve Affordable Care Act. Don't repeal.
1 guy said that, huh? Now find 1 guy who thinks you're not a sell out (not Mark this time; that's cheating).
Right. The only thing worse is the Republican plan.
Shana from Villa ridge says Roy Blunt is full of shit!
The proposed plan is garbage for the poor & working class families. Stand up for what Missouri needs and stop voting party lines.
and w/ Trumpcare, it's going to go even higher!
If you'd have had town halls you would know what your constituents really think. #trumpcare is nothing short of bankruptcy
What about penalties for those with pre-existing conditions in #Trumpcare? Are those affordable?
WRONG.
Yeah, the ACA is far from perfect. Which is why we should join the rest of the developed world in having single payer healthcare.
Trump's plan is even worse. Stand up for the Missourians you were elected to represent who need healthcare!! People before party
Jason from Kansas City says a single payer would be the most affordable plan.
Kelly from Kirkwood says "explain how the new GOP plan is more affordable?"
So #TrumpCare is going to be more affordable? 15 million loose Healthcare? $TaxCuts for you? #YourAJackAss
What have you ever done for MO while in DC NOT A  THING HAVE A TOWN HALL FIND OUT WHAT YOU COULD DO
how about all the other comments that like it?  Listen to the majority. Have a town hall. #trumpcare
Come to St Louis for a town hall, let's discuss. Are you afraid to face us?
Who are you trying to kill? Why are you trying to kill Missourians that are not Republicans? You did not talk to non-GOP'ers!
Meridith from Kansas City says there is nothing affordable about this new plan either.  Come have a town hall and we'll explain.
@TRYANCARE The ACA is the ONLY way I can afford health insurance.
Yet the GOP plan still manages to be much worse.
, Cherry picking. How about quoting Missourians who will lose their insurance with the GOP plan? Many of those!
we want the same coverage you have at the same cost! #notrumpcare
nor is there anything good or affordable about so-called "#Trumpcare"
.@RoyBlunt so why does removing a lot of the sources of funding for it while giving giant tax cuts to the rich make #TrumpCare more viable?
You're wrong. I have a great plan through Anthem here in Missouri. You will not get my vote.
what about my 68 year old parents who won't be able to afford the Medicare increases?
.@RoyBlunt #FullRepeal will get us back to a better state of life. CBO has stated reconciliation can be used to remove it see Budget Act '74
maybe so, but it is age biased to older people for one.  And Blue Springs has a growing senior population.   Did you read it?
Anecdotal evidence about one family is not a good reason to attempt to repeal or replace. Why did they pick an 8k deductible?
how would you know? You haven't had a town hall. You know nothing about your constituents and their healthcare needs.

nothing affordable about Trump/Ryancare either. Either pass conservative legislation or get out of the way for someone who will.
There is so much wrong.  People who worked hard all their life's, paid SSI and Medicare from their checks, are getting hurt by this.  Change
ACA saved me. Traditional insurance cost almost half my teachers pension.
Suggest you try to emphasize what is better in the GOP plan rather than make up stories about the ACA not working.
Lance from Webster Groves has asked you dozens of times not to kill it. Listen to all constituents or just confirm your biases?
I bet many of your constituents could tell you how ACA saved their lives.  Where is their stories.  Lies Matter! Lives Matter!
u mean trumpcare! #outwithGOP
65714 is watching u!
Why not pay a little more attention to the insurance co.'s to make ACA better? Insurance could use a little oversight. 65337
My hlthcare is better & cheaper since the ACA. U shld tweet both sides. I'm in Mo, not on Medicaid and don't receive a subsidy
And how is the AHCA going to help him?
medicare PIM book says what they won't cover automatically, shld NOT b that way, shld b up to dr not ins what tretmt pt gets
I have two insurance & not supposed to have a copay, thanks to aca I do, med or foods
So base on an anecdote that confirms your assumptions you want 15+ Million to lose insurance and increase senior rates by 40%
Another major bill skim past thorough vetting, the Congres. Budget Office (CBO) - How is this conservative approach? http://www.latimes.com/opinion/op-ed/la-oe-gluck-glied-cbo-score-aca-replacement-20170310-story.html …
Seriously, you're still attacking the ACA? You are out of touch from what's really happening in Missouri.
Mark from Blue Springs know any one needed mental health services but can't access it? How are they doing?
The Top health care at is worse than the ACA. You will Never get my vote.
ACA saved my husband's retirement account when he had to get an operation while injured at work and then laid off.  63127
You should have expanded Medicaid like forward thinking states did.  The repeal bill will not provide Mark with any coverage.
@POTUS @VP The GOP HEALTH CARE Will cost people more than ACA Just GIVE ALL AMERICANS the SAME COVERAGE WE GIVE YOU GUYS! BE FAIR!
Actually they have to buy plans on ACA. Still, they make way more $$ than most of us
You should've fought to expand Medicaid in MO, that way Mark's costs would be lower. It'll be even worse under Trumpcare.
Many of those affected by higher premiums and lost policies had nothing but catastrophic insurance with low maximum payouts.
In otherwords, their insurance didn't meet the minimums to be called health insurance.
The ACA provisions have saved my life. I have rare cancer. I am under 50. GOP plan = Death Panel.  Constituent from 63040.
#trumpcare will increase cost and lower coverage. Either make it better or leave it alone. It is bad for Missouri. 65641
"no evidence ACA has had a negative impact on econ growth or jobs or has undermined full-time employment.”
hey Mark from Blue Springs, how'd you get an invite to Roy's town hall?
there's also nothing affordable about traditional insurance, or current GOP plan. And you know it.
“...the ACA marketplace shows modest premium growth, fewer plan options & continued competition.” http://www.pwc.com/us/en/health-industries/health-research-institute/hri-aca-exchange-insights-report-2016.html …
And what do you say?
maybe you could stop coddling big pharma and insurance companies & investigate their corruption; that might make it affordable
Then propose fixes to vs. trying to gut it and provide even worse care/coverage, I doubt Mark will be happy with your "fix"
Terry from Baltimore says why doesn't Senator Blunt switch his family to Trumpcare?
There's nothing healthcare about the GOP Healthcare Act.
