Our men and women in uniform put themselves in harm's way to defend those inalienable rights
We are incredibly grateful for their service and for the sacrifices they have made, and continue to make, to secure our freedom.
Still waiting on your Townhall schedule. Also, you could call me back since I've left several messages? Remember, you work for US!
He won't do town halls. They say he's working. I said McCaskill was doing 10, does that mean she's not working. They hung up on me. Again
His office has been hanging up on many people! @RoyBlunt
If you believe that why have you not been defending it speak up for what is right DO Your JOB
As long as you're male, white, rich, healthy, straight, and young. You know it's true Roy. You know it's true. Wink, wink.
Nationalism and Patriotism are two very different things. I hope you people recognize that before its too late.  I doubt it, really.
todays health bill bad. insurance companies can charge someone 60 five times normal rate. also does not cover reproductive services for poor
You try pursuing life, liberty, and happiness with a pre existing condition and no heath insurance. #heathcare4all
@clairecmc is holding town halls in Missouri - where are you?
Right to Life? 

Ban abortion 

& give 

Missouri babies 

their 

Right to Life!
Are you willing to pay more for health care, schools, and child care? All the way or get out of the way! #realprolife
Pandering to the highest bidder instead of looking out for your easily misled constituency.  Maybe they Do deserve you.
Please celebrate life by not voting for a "healthcare" plan that essentially takes it away.
And yet, most in this country do not know the Constitution or the Declaration of Independence.  This should be taught in school.  It isn't?
Your actions and lack of action shows these are only words that you don't believe or live by.  $$$ is your pursuit of happiness.
*as long as we maintain  perfect health and financial stability
Hey Roy, inalienable rights? Your actions do not support our Constitution. Which is it, Roy, are you an American or a republican?
He's none of that.  In fact ALL R legislators are DICTATOR ENABLERS in my book! Will do nothing til THEIR jobs go to 45s billionaire donars
And a Congress not doing job of impeachment of a crazy man.
And that all are created equal. You forgot that part.
That's great, don't give my personal info, like my SSN, to hackers, via Trump's bs vote fraud commission
Thanks for acknowledging us vets. Stop enabling the greatest threat to our nation & get #Putinspuppet out of the WH. He is a danger to all.
@kurtnorman4 so stand for it!!!!  This man should not be there and thinking you shouldn't either!  What is gop thinking?
You're policies get in the way of my pursuit!
When and where are you holding in-person town halls, Senator?
POTUS isn't going to raise RUS interference in our elections with Putin- what a sad day for democracy while the GOP stays silent & complicit
That all [humans] are created equal, endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights. . . . HUMANS, not corporations!
For whom? For ALL?
My life, liberty, & pursuit of happiness is threatened by a President. who can't control himself on Twitter (#NorthKorea) & #NRA & #GOP.
Harry Truman would be ashamed the way u have treated Missouri natives,by dodging  them and not having town hall meetings face to face...sad
Do not quote principles you do not live by.  The right to life, liberty & the pursuit of happiness starts with health, no repeal or replace.
Gee Roy great sentiment. To bad BRCA will end life & create sadness for millions. Still have liberty - no wait - voter fraud commission scam
Quit letting the orange one destroy our freedoms!
how can one "pursue happiness" or enjoy "liberty" when one is enslaved to health care expenses and disease?
how can one have a "right to life" without healthcare? Show your work
Please stand up to the corrupt lunatic in our WH. #25Amendment
And yet tax breaks mean more than life. Guess we ought to rethink the founding principles of America to read simply "the pursuit of profit"
Are you willing to give that away by following Trump blindly into Russia?  C'mon Roy, you're better than that, aren't you?
I think you forgot to add *but only if you're white and straight and Christian*
Would these be the same principles you & the GOP are walking all over and destroying one by one! Taking away our liberties makes us unhappy!
Trump lies, demeans the handicapped, women, religions, races, gives classified info to the Russians, angers our allies. That's his policies?
Every day you fail to use the checks & balances granted to you by the Constitution, you retreat farther from your oath of office. Do better.
Why then are you working so hard to hurt those "lesser" than yourself? The founders hated corp but you seem to live and breathe for them!
Only if your rich white and male. Right Roy?
It's a shame that you fail to support or defend any of those from corporate interests on behalf of the constituents you represent.
All that is going straight into the crapper thanks to @realdonaldtrump and @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @RoyBlunt @RepHartzler
Will you defend the sovereignty of our nation against unchecked interference from foreign governments, like Russia?
Will you put a stop to the Trumps' blatant violations of the Emoluments Clause & stop letting them use presidency to enrich the family?
Will you defend the free press against the President's attacks?  Will you demand openness in government & press access in the WH & Congress?
Will you, Senator, defend the Constitution against encroachments by the corrupt Trump Administration?
How about the right to a representative democracy. Meet with your constituents. #townhall17 #countryoverparty
Indeed. But those very principles are under threat from an administration that does not honor them. Which R will be a patriot and say so? 
If you truly want to celebrate the principles , speak out against our president who has no regard for any of them #hypocrisy #GOPBrand
Interesting quote from one who aims to deprive millions of those same rights. 

#ProtectOurCare #Indivisible #TheResistance
As long as you support the fool president & allow him to break the law & destroy American values, your words ring hollow.
Little hard to celebrate these principles with a representative that refuses to meet with his constituents #Blunt #4thofJuly
Let us not forget one of our most important rights: the right to vote against establishment puppets like Roy Blunt.
BTW will you be holding any town halls? No one in your offices seems to know that answer.
I'm sure those principles you talk about, didn't mean for you to choose party of country. Our founding fathers are rolling in their graves.
How about celebrating with some f#cking town halls, Mr Invisible
Principles.... Do you know what those are?? Did you forget where Missouri is? Did you forget that you have people here?
With a straight face you can lie as you strip away all 3 Rights by voting yes to a Bill knowing it will harm the people that trust you?
Principles in which our polititians have disregarded for monetary donations...
Pretty strange to talk about the right to life when you're trying to take healthcare away from 480,000 Missourians.
@clairecmc  announced 10 town halls today.  When will you be holding yours?
Roy does not care about our opinions cause we are not lobbyist with fists full of money,besides he does whatever McConnell tells him
Right 2 life? Vote NO on Trumpcare. Right 2 liberty? Tell Trump 2 stop threatening war w/ NK. And stop GOP/Trump from protecting RUS over US
You forgot to mention the first and main principle on which it was founded: that all men are created equal.
the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness *if you're white, rich and have healthcare
You forgot male!
Betsy DeVos isn't male, and she seems to be doing well. #AllYouNeedIsCash
And the right not to meet with your constituents.  Good job!
Yea, about those Town Halls to cover issues related, how are those schedules coming along?
Pretty hard to pursue happiness when you don't know if you'll be able to afford healthcare...
Or life for that matter, but it's okay, the rich get a tax break
