@SenateGOP no, you're thinking of #MerrickGarland
NO! He will take us back to the stone age. Select a judge for all the people.
There's a whole bunch of people, like 73% who do not share your opinion. Guess what, we the People can fire you in 2yrs
You're the reason Americans think politicians are crooks, liars & cheaters. You stole this supreme court pick. #Lame
@SenateGOP you mean the long-term view of the CORRUPT GOP. Shame on all of you
Gorsuch is a punk who founded a club called Fascism Forever at his fancy prep school. We need a person who knows real life.
story has already been proven to be a fake story. Was a tongue and cheek joke he wrote in a year book.
Disappointed in your partisanship and I think what goes around comes around #MerrickGarland
you Obama have done enough to our country.So Happy we have Trump to c!ean up what you done!!
You are right! OB saved US from A DEPRESSION created 12mil jobs & provided health care for 20mil citizens!
2018 can't come soon enough
@SenateGOP  You are not a patriot, your power hungry.Your  not a man of God.your a hypocrite.
@SenateGOP Majority of Americans think he is WRONG choice. Whatever happened to the voice of the people!?!? #Resistance
Your party robbed the Democrats of our nominee that President Obama presented to you and the American people.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems merrick garland was the right choice as well. too bad you stonewalled
You mean Obama made the right choice of Garland. Someone who lost the pop vote shouldn't be aloud to nominate.
@SenateGOP America deserved Garland as SCOTUS. #Resist this right wing fanatic!
How do you know? Have you had time to review his judicial record? Have you interviewed him? Or are you a rubber stamp for peeOTUS?
@SenateGOP u r clueless, the president imploding, staff signalling help, and ur like a toddler playing w blocks, while house burns

@SenateGOP Please vote NO to DeVos- she is not the right person to be trusted with our children's education
Fascists!
What are you hoping this long-term view will be?
No he didn't
#WakeUp this is a #RepublicanCOUP 

#EnemyOfDemocracy 

#RepublicanHypocrisy 
#Collaborator 

#GOPtreason 
#GOPtraitors
@SenateGOP President Obama made an excellent moderate choice in #MerrickGarland4SCOTUS
@SenateGOP We don't agree with you. Listen to the people
are you relating this to convince yourself of a lie,?
Explain his Fascism Forever club.
@SenateGOP  How can the republicans support POTUS knowing how incompetent &dangerous he is
@SenateGOP will never let u take women's rights away.As for abortions,if u don't like then men need to keep little brain zipped
@SenateGOP
@SenateGOP founder of Facism Forever?? Sounds about right. Your time is up
@SenateGOP how can you still support that joke?
@SenateGOP I think that Judge Gorsuch is a good choice
President Obama made the right choice last February. YOU failed to do your job & give Merrick Garland a hearing. Shame!
That seat should have been filled last year.
I'm a woman and shouldn't have to justify a medical procedure to you. You are not a doctor. #prochoice
wrong choice for SCOTUS and you're wrong for Missouri. Do u even listen to your constituents?
No way, Garland should have been considered.  #StolenSeat Shame on you!!!
We're gonna need you to put country and democracy over party. Think you have the guts to do that?
not from Missouri, but I will make a donation to your opponent in 2018
I'm disappointed in your partisanship. You have a responsibility to think for yourself and not just toe the party line.
don't get in a tizzy when Dems vote no. Did you even meet with Garland?
this shows how out of touch you are with today's society
Your nose is so far up his ass I don't know how you can breath.
Disappointed you're considering a man who doesn't care about women's health.
Gorsuch sided with Hoby Lobby. It's dangerous to let for-profits decide what they'll pick & choose to cover in women's healthcare.

Please pay attention to your constituents calls and visits, and stop pandering to your DC pals and donors. #stolenseat
except if you are a woman
I don't guess u would give a crap if someone from MO asks u to vote against him yea didn't think so u never listen to opposing ppl
You insisted the nomination go to Obama's successor and now that nominee is not for #EqualRights. Shameful!
So disappointed in your response. What about women's rights? Over 50% of  your constituents are female.
He is not for #EqualRights must be blocked for 1,450 days.
Did the senate make the right choice in snubbing President Obama's nomination? GOP stole that nomination. Shameful.
we all see what you are doing. You clearly only care about what other republicans think of you. Really disappointing. #StolenSeat
so you're Trump's puppet while Trump is  Brannon's puppet while Putin pulls all the strings? You'll go down with them then
NO. I am your constituent and I say NO.
a stolen seat I hope the Democrats fight the GOP the whole way on scotus fucking McConnell is a low life
Shaping it in absentia.
you are wrong on so many levels. But then, you are a #draftdodger. #SCOTUS #darthscalia
Why even bother saying anything. We know you will just parrot anything Trump says.
Great choice! Now, keep a consistent life-ethic and pursue a speedy, secure resolution to the refugee ban.
Stop playing party politics.  Represent ALL Missourians.
Meh, Garland would've been a better choice, but YOU STOLE IT FROM HIM.
Hey, Roy - thanks for discounting my ability to control my own body. Signed, a MO voter.   #StolenSeat #RESISTANC
That would be a first for this administration.
No, the right choice would have been Merrick Garland, the choice of a legitimate, popular POTUS. Shame on you.
