then repair not repel the ACA. These patients are dependent on the ACA and Medicaid. Expand not cut support. Signed NP
and voting No to DeVos
work for our kids. Don't sell out. Vote against DeVos.
while you're at it, I hope you find your own heart. Why would you vote to confirm DeVos?
you should be working to increase education funding now that you approved DeVos
Without education Missouri children won't grow up to have the opportunity to become doctors. #DeVosvote #holdthefloor
maybe work on meeting with your constituents and acting like you give a damn about Missourians.
I do NOT think he or his staff ever look at twitter to read the comments of others--sad; #noRoyBlunt4Senate
You are always "working" to do stuff, but NEVER achieve anything!
But did you actually get increased funding 4 heart disease research?
like u work hard for Missourians? Seems like ur  accounts are filling w/ bipartisan hate for selling ur vote for #devos. Face us!
but cut Medicaid and Obamacare so those with heart disease can't pay their bills? Nice.
that's great, thanks. But also: vote no on DeVos, save ACA, and help impeach Trump.
you are a liar who sold out your constituents, we see you for the corrupt politician you are, we won't forget
@SCClemons Will you also help increase funding for education & access to foods that make a healthy diet? Research already verified
Can you also help keep our children educated and NOT vote for the obviously unqualified Betsy DeVos?
Well said Ruth--the Show Me state is gonna show @RoyBlunt the door if does her bidding--#invisibleMO
@bannerite that why you Putin Republicans increased the national debt by 9.5 trillion dollars?
Putin Republicans! Love it! Either they are being blackmailed or they don't have any balls...probably both
So, support causes Missourians care about! Stop heart attacks by reducing their stress over #ACA, DeVos, Bannon, etc. Step up!
how about also supporting those with pre-existing conditions and fighting to keep their protections set forth in ACA?
Saw DeVos commercial. Sad! To be clear, educators and parents oppose DeVos. How dare she try to make this a party issue! Sad! Sad!
I suggest you have a heart for our teachers and our kids. Your support of DeVos is disgraceful. Return the $ she gave you.
If the missouri teachers union crowdsources $40k, can they outbid DeVos for your vote?
will you work for Missouri students and vote against  Ma DeVoss for secretary of education?
- How about protecting Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid?  There are many of us who depend upon SS for most of our needs
What good will that do for those who can no longer afford treatment?  How about the preexisting conditions?
But who can afford the cures if the lifetime cap is reinstated? Not my 10 yr old awaiting her 4th open .
will you ensure that all americans can afford the treatments? health care for all.
You should promote an anti smoking campaign  That might help reduce heart disease  Give back the money the tobacco people gave you
How about not marching in unison w/admin 2 repeal health care, axe preexisting mandate, defund schools, & deny science.Might help!
You do realize that good scientists have a foundation from a good K-12 education? #noDevos
But a person without healthcare will die anyway! #SaveACA #LastTermBlunt #ShowMeSellout
work to improve Education as well, vote NO on DeVos
Trust the wisdom of mothers and teachers who know Betsy DeVos is wrong as Education Secretary --PLEASE support our public schools.
Can u believe he used to be a high school history teacher before he got into politics...I mean money? Shaking my head
ACA provides FREE preventative care, which directly impacts heart dz rates & survival. If you care about heart disease, keep ACA.
not everyone gets ACA... So access to affordable insurance would be nice... My DIL & son can't afford $600 a month
you don't qualify for a subsidy?
please work to impeach trump. He'll get us all killed. Conservatives and liberals alike.
great! How about affordable healthcare/single payer system too? That saves lives too! #norepealwithoutreplacement
allowing people to keep their health insurance would be a good place to start...
including stem cell research?
You play things too safe. Tell us when you disagree with Trump. Also, be more vocal when he does something good.
might help to stop paying for soda with EBT. number one product purchased with EBT. No offnse to soda or EBT program recipients.<3
#americanheartmonth If you want ANY American research to continue, vote NO to DeVos confirmation, 4 educational future of U.S.A.!
As long as it benefits you and your lobbyist family.  You sir are a coward who don't represent your constituents.
here is his response http://www.blunt.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2017/2/blunt-backs-betsy-devos-nomination-for-education-secretary …
@EricGreitens Sadly, it is always the working people who suffer. Without Medicare, ACA, & jobs that were promised, what happens?
that's great! But we won't be able to afford it with no insurance. #FixACA #dontrepeal
shame those potential cures will only be for the wealthy after you destroy ACA
I'd like to see a disclosure of your stocks in this sector because this statement really doesn't align with your stance on ACA
@SCClemons but we have very basic methods of prevention-why don't we reinforce diet and lifestyle interventions? So frustrating.
are you reading the responses?  It's time to represent MO, not your own wallet. The people are speaking and you aren't listening
@SCClemons If he's looking for money from Scrooge Ryan , he's better off planning a bake sale.
Great news. Start by keeping #ACA so folks have access to preventive care.
how about protecting the ACA so that people can get treatment?  And #DumpDevos
perhaps if you care about people with heart disease, you should not vote to repeal #ACA. Heart Disease is a pre-existing condition
too bad the folks with pre existing conditions like heart disease won't have insurance to pay for the cures when u r done with ACA
Great..now how about voting no on DeVos. :) too much dissent..
This happens to Republican Congressmen who don't listen to their constituents.  #saveaca #noDevos
GOP Rep. Tom McClintock leaves contentious town hall with police escort as protesters chant "Shame!" http://abcn.ws/2l9d0TQ  
maybe you should donate the $33,100 that the DeVos family gave you! #noDevos
I'd rather you work for the betterment of the country and Missouri. Stand up to the dictator #saynotodevos #sayNOtoTrump
You know what would help find a cure? Making sure our kids have access to education so they can grow up to be doctors. #NotoDeVos
No on DeVos. http://www.truth-out.org/buzzflash/commentary/secretary-of-education-nominate-betsy-devoss-teaches-by-example-plagiarism …
You only one by 3%.  Remember that next election.  Should you choose to run you'll lose by double digits.
maybe work to keep health care so we can afford those "cures". Also stop ignoring your constituents give us a town hall meeting.
I'm still not voting for you. You sold us out to the highest bidder. Shame on you Mr. Blunt. SHAME!
that research won't do any damn good when you repeal Obamacare.
- We want you to vote NO! on Betsy DeVos and Jeff Sessions. Neither one of them are fit for the jobs they have been nominated for
please concentrate on voting no on Betsy DeVos. That will save a lot of hearts and minds. @SenateGOP
It won't do any good if nobody can afford health insurance. We need a universal healthcare plan!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. .this must be supported by you and all..we must get AMERICA BACK
Why don't you work for your constituents and vote NO on Betsy DeVos! Do the honorable thing and represent your constituents!
, have a  for students. Vote #NotoDeVos . She is unfamiliar with the dept. that she is nominated to lead. #nogrizzlybears
#nogrizzlybears.  Now on my list of favorite hashtags.  Really, tho. #NoDeVos
will you vote for impeachment of the bully Trump?
start with defending public schools. Quit with this bs feel good stuff. Missouri deserves better. We @clairecmc
But not to increase people's access to insurance so that they can actually make use of said cures, because bootstraps, right?
Oh! What about dumping DeVos? Are you listening to your constituents? No one wants her.
wow, if I was you, I'd be worried about the next election; the ppl you represent don't seem happy #NotoDeVos
Do it quick! We're gonna start running out of American scientists between DeVos and the anti-intellectuals in charge!
why don't you work to represent MO citizens who overwhelming do NOT want DeVos as Sec. of Ed.  Shame on you.
.@RoyBlunt, that's great! Now protect and fix the #ACA, don't #RepealandRun!
how about a better healthcare system and help our Vets!!
And fix our health insurance!
consider working with Mo gen assembly to expand Medicare and keeping ACA.
We know what causes heart disease. Crappy food! Go talk to the teachers!
WE WANT U TO REJECT JEFF SESSIONS & DEVOS. PLEASE & THANK U
@SCClemons - Sir, you are fiddling while America burns.
Are you listening to constituents?  MO teachers request a response or a #NoDeVos vote.  Maddow shared.  http://goo.gl/bvTuPM 
How about voting NO for Price who wants to cut funding on Medicare?  My mother has dementia and needs services.
maybe you should take a minute to meet with the teachers who've been trying to talk to you, since MSNBC is talking about it
increase the funding and keep ACA so that people can afford it when they need it, please sir
