So... gonna hope you get to fly under the radar and take healthcare away from the 'least of these' to give money to the rich?  Won't work.
Good! Now how about helping 100,000 + Missourians be healthy so they can go to school & work?!
I'm suspicious. I went to college on a Pell Grant, until Reagan slashed the program. Republicans are the party of the poorly educated. #MAGA
I get scholarships by applying http://bit.ly/2t3AaxC  - Thank for this opportunity. I’ll try my best.
When will you be holding a town hall?
Meanwhile, Greitens is attacking education. In Hallsville, they can't even supply our students textbooks to help our kids to do their homewk

Would love to hear you talk about this at a town hall meeting. I hear you have a big break away from DC. When is the town hall?
If you let some states get priority on AHCA & get nothing 4 MO, UR failing at the job you were elected to do. Represent MO! Not Billionaires
Yet you & Democrat Hirano sign a bill to bring in 15k from South Korea to fill up good pay, college-requiring jobs??!!
So how much are YOU going to make on the retroactive capital gains tax refund?  POS!

@JasonKander2020 will definitely unseat @RoyBlunt in 2020. I  every social media ap I own & all my extra  2c U lose #MO 2 @JasonKander https://twitter.com/madabout5/status/878095035916361728 …
Great! But what would be greater, Senator Blunt, is if you represented the people & kids of our state & VOTED NO on this disastrous h/c bill
Yay! Should they also thank you for the $3.9 billion dollar cut to the Pell Grant surplus funds that protect it as well?
That's great except @EricGreitens higher ed budget cuts make it hard for universities to give a quality education when reducing faculty.
Thank you for investing in the education of this generation!  It will greatly aid the economy.
Can we also make tuition cheaper somehow? Not a criticism, but a request.
Does this mean that students will receive the same amount spread out over 12 months or will they receive more to cover summer expenses?
Can  grants be used to pay medical expenses? Because they are useless without proper medical coverage.
That's great! If Missouri accepted the #ACA Medicaid expansion, it'd help +240K people!
With the budget will there be any pell grants? Not with the lady you put in charge enjoy that $100,000 she gave you maybe you should work $1
Great job pretending to care about working poor Missourians, Senator Blunt. If you really cared you would #ShowUsTheBill
Doesn't make up for your attempt to give tax breaks to rich by taking healthcare from the poor. Sorry.
That's great really! Now what part of the healthcare bill makes you willing to cut 23 million people from getting affordable care?
#showusthebill
Great news, now how about we find out what's in the healthcare bill?
Not the big issue Roy. Your constituents are more concerned about how the secret AHCA will affect their health. Are you concerned about us?
excellent @RoyBlunt   now make sure 20k million Americans don't lose healthcare  #trumpcaresucks
But will it help those of us in graduate school? 
Vote against secret healthcare bill, please!!!
That's great, but my college student son needs insurance that we now have thanks to the #ACA. How's your plan coming along? #ProtectOurCare
Your bio says you are honored to represent us. How exactly are you representing us on healthcare? You have yours, what about your state?
Doesn't matter when they're too sick to school does it?
This is great news. Thank you for your work on this. Now, let's focus on not taking healthcare away from millions.
Will they have access to health care? Make a statement - hold a town hall!
Are those Pell Grants going to help pay for their healthcare?
Why did you sign Mitch McConnell's letter encouraging Trump to abandon the Paris Climate Accord?
What are you babbling about Roy?  Stop hiding behind these insipid tweets and share what you know about the AHCA bill.
Don't let your GOP buddies pass this bill in secrecy.  Stand up to them and protect us.
You have the opportunity to be a hero.  Don't blow it.
Senator, please don't support the appalling health care act the senate is trying to sneak through.
I am more interested in this travesty of a health care bill that you guys are working on in secret.
Will they be able to stay on their parents health insurance?  You don't even know do you? 
They are still writing it. No one knows what's in it. But then no one yet knows what all is in the ACA!
How many will the top secret Trumpcare bill affect?
But won't be able to get sick without going bankrupt
Great, will they be able to get health insurance or do you plan to screw your constituents. The Show-me state says show us the AHCA bill.
But will they still have access to Healthcare in Missouri and why is the Senate doing this in secret full Senate debate is needed
