I want to see his tax returns before he gets to do anything else.
why are they this big of a deal? They don't necessarily impact his presidency.
nice try nine followers.
for something to make fun of. Typical liberal, grow up.
Proven wrong? You just asked a question and I don't really feel like arguing with a person who doesn't even have a name.
Damn you guys argue about everything. You made comment. I replied. You get salty and look for anything to put down. Typical.
who are you even talking about? I am not arguing. I don't even know your name sir/ma'am.
MO voter here. Keystone XL is a threat to the environment. Job creation=shortsighted excuse. PS your voicemail is full
You've need to retire. Why did you adopt from Russia instead of adopting out of the US Foster care system?
He's wasting no time to tell lies and erode our rights. Looks like you are perfectly aligned with him.
don't think so.
They only failed for big oil profits.  Who do you represent, oil industry or your constituents?
Over 60 of your constituents showed up to your KC office to support ACA.
Try thinking outside your box and bubble stand for the people of Missouri don't railroad us and I am sure you know that one you do
Trump is ruining the country that Obama restored.
You're cheering on a prez who's selling out our children's future to benefit the 1%. http://bit.ly/2kqJ2tj  #indivisible
Glad you are comfortable to throw our future in the trash.
http://www.forbes.com/sites/rrapier/2016/01/15/president-obamas-petroleum-legacy/#5acb9a747820 …
If "successful" energy policy equals fossil fuel production, how do you respond to this?
The only reason they "failed" is because people like you are being obstructive. Non-fossil fuel energy is the ONLY way forward.
Failed energy policies? What has failed? Oil money for the rich?
people who like to drink clean water are not a special interest group. What will your grandkids drink?? #NoDAPL
if you continue to ignore over half of your state, this will be your last term. Your career can't recover from this. #NoDAPL
This SUCKS!
. And writing our planet's obituary.  Yeah, great.
You are wrong.  The GOP is wrong.  Climate and energy is not a joke.  I'm sure you monsters will kill us all first, though.
By destroying the environment.
Enjoy while you can because You & Trump will be voted out as soon as humanly possible.
i guess clean air and water mean nothing to you Just $$$$$ as usual. I can't believe this state voted you back in. Disgraceful
do you hate progress and independence?
Your a fool and a crook!

He is wasting no time turning the country backwards!!! And you are an enabler!!!
he's going to destroy the environment!
I'm glad that someday, #Missouri will find a smarter, kinder, and less corrupt person to take over your seat in the US Senate.
you're acting like you swept your race. You won with 82,000 votes. Listen to your constituents. They're not happy. #NoDAPL #EPA
President Obama on had 8 years, you have had 20+.
yeah let's not worry about the planet climbing heat index. If I'm right, cleaner planet if you're wrong, no planet. Bad call
and now we get listen to Trumps insane lies for the next 4 years and you are no better for believing his lies.  How do you sleep
Partisan Politics vs. The air we breathe & new  jobs from building out clean energy renewable resources.  Wow!
You mean cutting regulations and poisoning Americans and our environment? Trump's energy policy is delusional and I'm disgusted.
https://energy.gov/maps/us-crude-oil-production-surpasses-net-imports …

Oil production rose under President Obama. Why are you lying to your constituents? #StopDAPL #StopKeystone
You are so wrong. Nothing failed about his policies.
if you remember the governor in Blazing Saddles well there's Donald work work work work work
and went Forum you have enough balls to call him on some of his stupid shit like 3 million voters he's making the GOP look foolish
U are more concerned w/undoing everything Obama did but ok with the steady stream of lies coming from Trump and his lackies.
by the time the fourth and roll around Senate Republicans are going to be sick of him and the congressman to I would BLOCK SCOTUS
how much investment do u have in the oil industry isn't this self-serving buy The Resistance 2 the Pipelines you should get a clue
payday for oil companies.Bad environment for your children and grandchildren. We've been most independent under Obama. Stop lying
You are a traitor.
How much longer is your term?
Until we get money out of politics, Roy will be owned by the likes of the Koch brothers.
how is destroying our natural environment and endangering indigenous peoples putting #AmericaFirst ? #NoDAPL
This doesn't make this constituent happy at all.  See ya next week, talk to you tomorrow.
Do you accept the evidence for climate change? Do you plan to make the problem worse by supporting pipelines?
Sen Blunt what secret planet B r u all moving to after u make Earth uninhabitable for the rest of us?
hope you live long enough to explain this to your grandkids
Its time you start listening to your constituents instead of BIG oil and BIG $$$.
Yes, so glad you're encouraging the destruction of the planet. I'm sure your grandkids reeeaallly ... http://tmi.me/1fhtP0 
into one which will destroy clean air and water.  I suppose that's an entitlement too.#DonTheCon #goldenshowertrump #putinpuppet
Interesting that executives orders are okay now that the GOP has the White House.
We've never been as energy independent as we were under Obama. This is about payday for oil companies, nothing more. Try honesy.
Can you explain to your constituents how, exactly, Obama's energy policies failed? We want to understand this thought.
I second this. Don't post a tweet without responding to us. YOU REPRESENT US. You OWE it to us to explain.
Some of us like clean air and good drinking water.
This Missourian believes @POTUS44 had fantastic energy policies. 

#NoKXL
KeystoneXL is a threat to our health. This Missouri constituent wants better from her Senator. There are better ways to grow jobs!
failed policy = the top haven't received enough profits and dividends.  We really are sad to roll back for mere profits today.
He's also turning the page on healthcare, ethics, NATO, science, honesty, & press freedom. At what point do you put country first?
You're such a huge misrepresentation of the people you're meant to represent You're a disgrace to our environment, sir. Step down.
your language is divisive.. Quit it.  How can I ever trust you when u does this propaganda
