It's unacceptable that you support reality tv faux-president trump.
Tax breaks for your wealthy donors but, you're not about to help raise the minimum wage to make it a living wage! Senator you sold out long ago to Monsanto and now to your wealthy donors.  This tax plan is nothing more then stealing from the poor to give it to the 1%.
You KNOW you are manipulating the people of your state right now so your party can continue to shave more from the poor for the top 1%.
Families making over $700,000 will benefit most from this plan. Could you by chance be in that group????
Just make sure the cuts benefit the lower 90%
You think the public is stupid.  Show us how much in dollars of a tax break that 50% of Americans are going to see in their paychecks.
I know!  Imagine if people made a decent hourly wage, like the one your GOP buddies eliminated in St. Louis!
Exactly!
Stop lying to us about this tax break for the wealthiest 1%. Demand Trump's tax returns be made public.
I guess that means you are now in favor of a $15/hr minimum wage then? Great news!
You work for us, not the @NRA.
I'm living paycheck to paycheck, and your bill isn't gonna do shit for me.  It's a thin sliver who max out the standard deduction.
You have no idea Someone must have told you to say that.The stench from your disengenuine statements to Missouri people is insulting
It's unacceptable that you only look out for you and yours. #TaxReform
This is a bunch of BS, just today you approved of a move that will absolutely have a negative impact to the paycheck-to-paycheck crowd
Perfect time to Raise Minimum WAGE. Employers can afford it. People work for minimum choose shelter v food. Deserve Dignity! Be empathetic
#WageReformNow
Know what else delivers bigger paychecks?!? A living minimum wage.
Stop lying, tax cuts for the rich won't help workers pay checks! Tax cuts will only line the pockets of CEOs and Hedge Fund managers
Its appalling that 50% of my paycheck goes to health insurance/medical costs for my family. Congress should try it. Its great 
It's unacceptable that you are taking away women's #choice
...for millionaires.
Your idea of #TaxReform only benefits you and your donors. You only claim to care about us. You're not fooling anyone.
So let's raise their taxes, take away their health care and birth control and bankrupt them while they try to pay for those things.
What is unacceptable is the amount you take from the NRA
If you truly believed this, you would not be supporting this legislation nor would you support the action taken today.  You are a liar.
It's unacceptable that the wealthiest people pay the least amount of taxes. #TaxReform is a joke and we aren't laughing
Don't believe the hype.  Dubious claims for middle class.  Undeniable largesse for the wealthy. #MAGA @SpeakerTimJones @MissouriGOP
How about incorporating some education in elementary and high school to help kids understand importance of saving, budgets, etc?
So gutting the Affordable Care Act is going to help that?
Help Missouri families - raise the minimum wage instead of giving tax breaks to the wealthy.
As one of those people I completely agree but how exactly is your tax proposal going to help me?
It’s not.
If a household makes under 29000 a year, a tax break will not change the fact that they love paycheck to paycheck. #WageReformNow
I agree help clean swamp . American people and President Trump must have help to clean swamp
Thats the problem. Whats the solution?
Trump tax reform will deliver bigger checks only to the most wealthy.  We learned in the 80s that trickle down economics does not work!
You lie more than Trump
But the budget and tax plan guy thinks we all make $100K per year and that's what our "savings" are based on. #noonTrumptaxes
Then vote for REAL #TaxReform
so give us tax reform that will actually address this issue. not reforms that favor the wealthy and corporations. #notyourtaxreform
Publish the facts, how much would an income of 56k, average American household income 2016, save?
Trickle down economics, tax cuts for the rich don't work

True, just make sure the poor & middle class gets a tax break w/o cutting programs like Medicare or Medicaid. The rich don't need tax breaks
So your plan is to make it 99%?
How much will such people get? Do you live pay check to pay check? How much do you get?
How about reducing the size and scope of Fed Govt so younger generations might have a future?
Bigger paychecks to the rich. Did you read what you're promoting?
Mr.Blunt will it help middle class and the poor or the wealthy . I'm thinking it helps people like you and Trump I don't trust you guys word
Bold faced lie from a bold faced liar.
Tell that to Walmart.
That's why we don't need to give the rich a corporations tax breaks Roy #TaxReformForTheRich
Then why not provide businesses with a tax break contingent on wage increases and/or hiring? GOP proposal rings false. #WageHope  #Jobs
History has shown that "tax reform" like this does not work & it comes on the backs of the poor & shrinking middle class!
How about making sure the richest don’t benefit the most. But essentially @GOP tax plan is a farce.
It’s also unacceptable that you have been given millions of dollars from the NRA! #MOneedsanewsenator
Instead of making blanket statements like this can you explain how?
You wouldn't know.  Got all that lobbyist money lining your pockets.  You have no idea how a teacher lives, or a mechanic lives, or anyone.
Education programs.
I agree.  How are you going to fix it for the people living paycheck to paycheck? Please say more than just "Reform it".
Cut spending. If it can't be funded through voluntary donations, we probably don't need it.
You do more for your lobbyists than Missourians.
Cutting taxes for billionaires and taking away healthcare should fix it though.
So the answer is to give a tax break to the people who are doing well.  Not sure that is logical.
It's unacceptable that your tax cuts only benefit the wealthiest and corporations. #TheResistance
Good grief. You aren't doing anything for the majority of Americans.
So drastic cuts to Medicaid and Medicare will fix this how?  Shame on you for misleading people.
You are such a joke. Everyone knows it's actually a giveaway to the wealthy!
Won't help me and my family- thanks for nothing.

The top 1% would receive a $207,060 average tax cut, while the bottom 20% will receive only a $50 average tax cut. http://on.epi.org/2xTlneC  
Oh yeah it's pretty unacceptable that American citizens (Puerto Rican's) have to beg for water and food after a hurricane!
UNACCEPTABLE that Mnuchin took a flight that cost tax payers $43,000 dollars when  a commercial flight was less than $700! Conservative?
Where are the spending hawks? They are strangely silent. Not a peep from the Tea Party.
No ... what’s UNACCEPTABLE is the fact US taxpayers are subsidizing Congress Health Care! That’s unacceptable! @RoyBlunt
You know what would really help them out?  A tax cut for the top 1%.  Can you check in to that?
Stop with this, only the tinfoil hat crowd and the 1% believe this policy is worthwhile. Just shut up already like you do on important stuff
Give the tax cut to middle class!  Trickle down doesn't work; don't make the rich richer on our backs.
It’s really unacceptable the way you keep pretending to care. It’s insulting actually.
How is giving the rich a tax break going to change that fact? Your solution? To take from the poor (Medicaid) to give to the rich
The tax code has nothing to do with living paycheck to paycheck, Roy. Let's have a townhall and discuss in detail! Or are you afraid?
So why are you going to make it even worse?
no it wont its a  "wash".    the rich get big break.  and it cuts medicare. what other programs got cut?
The Fed Reserve says your tax scheme will cause inflation & unsustainable debt..
YOU AND YOUR PARTY ARE LYING TO US!
It's a bad budget it hurts more people than it helps! Cut funds for medicare,social security medicare TO GIVE RICH MORE TAX CUTS!
Your tax plan won’t exactly help that.
Don't do it Senator!
Bigger paychecks to the 1% your bull$hit has gotten so deep you can't even see right from wrong.  #resign
#MinimumWageRaise #LivingWage #Arithmetic #MathNotMagic
Maybe someone could stop taking expensive golf trips at taxpayer cost and distribute that out. Tax reform for the middle class. What a joke
Tax cuts for the wealthy aren't the answer. How about a living wage, healthcare so we don't have to finance medical trtmt #fakesenator
Your neighbor, Kansas, has proven that trickle-down doesn't work. Massive tax cuts for the top does not translate to jobs or wages.
For who? For your secret donors? For your wife? #TrickleDownEconomicsNeverWorked
Correct! Single payer healthcare and a $15 minimum wage would have an  impact. Medical bills are a huge driver of personal bankruptcies
Stop lying, Roy.    We all know who will get the huge tax cut.  The rest of us will suffer for you and your rich donors. #retire
It's also unacceptable that the proposed tax plan won't do a damn thing to help those people. Intern reading this: Please pass that along.
You're a liar, but you don't care because Mama Betsy buys you things, lucky Roy Boy
Your royblunt tax cuts for rich people will only raise the pay of your donors.
It's not the taxes that are the problem. It's the low wages!
Maybe if you were taking away there health insurance or killing ACA, they would no5 have to
Why do you repost the same thing every time? Is it because people post facts like this?
Then stop rewarding the old white rich guys! Stop maintaining the status quo! Stop sticking up for the CEOs and lobbyists. #BetterWorld4All
Bigger paychecks to wealthier Americans.
This is a lie. Only true for those many a lot of money. The middle class pays same or more.
Raise the minimum wage and do town halls we're really tired of you not listening to us!!!!!!!!!
The only beneficiaries of your so-called tax reform, the ultra-wealthy, are not living paycheck to paycheck. Stop the lies.
So where is the fiscal responsibility? You are a fake deficit hawk #VoteTheBumsOut2018/2020!
You are right about that one.  25% of Missouri children live in poverty
.@RoyBlunt Those 50% are still going to be living paycheck to paycheck, because they're going to be funding the big $$ for the rich.

It's unacceptable that greedy trolls hurl garbage lies at their constituents on a daily basis. Stop lying to us, Roy.
How will a tax cut for the wealthy help those living from paycheck to paycheck?
Your party stopped minimum wage increases that would have helped,  boosts tax cuts for rich that won't. Stop lying about your intentions!
agree minnimum eage increase would help.  trickle down does NOT work. the rich still pay workers almost nothing
Yeah I think you'll have to change parties and give up all those donors if you actually want to fix that but way to pander- ur a class act
Roy go call yourself then HANGUP.That is precisely what you have done to Missouri voters ,your way outa touch,but then again I’m no lobbyist
Since when do you care?
But you don't have a problem doubling the public debt to $20T and sending the bills to taxpayers.
And what is your answer. You are living in fantasy world if you think business will give back to employees with tax break they will get!
If you really want to lessen tax burden, how about reducing tax need by reducing gov and gov spending?  Heresy to a politician.
This is a Lie only the very wealthy gain from this BS GOP tax reform! SHAME ON YOU Roy Blunt Lying to People in Missouri!  TELL THE TRUTH!
And your bill giving money to the rich will help Missourians how?
So now you are cool with adding trillions to the deficit? What a fiscal phony!
A family earning $40K to $60K only gets $400 in tax cuts ANNUALLY. How is that going to help pay check to pay check?
you can buy a car or remodel you kitchen.    (joke)
In Missouri $400 will definitely get you an old Ford Taurus that runs, but won't be pretty
Agreed, but the #TaxReform bill as currently written actually hurts lower and middle class families, gives >$90K to those making >$600K.
Your proposal would make it harder to get by. Raises taxes on middle class, lowers it on billionaires who need no help.
Agree with this-- too bad what you're proposing does not help those living paycheck to paycheck. You know we know this, right?
tax cuts won't help folks living paycheck to paycheck but it will help the folks you intended the tax cuts for - the wealthy!  #TaxReform
It's unacceptable that CEOs make 8 figure salaries while the people who do the real work make a miniscule amount in comparison
So maybe cut their taxes, rather than cutting taxes for the rich and making the rest of us pay for it.
raise minimum wage!!  make it a living wage.  trickle down does not work
Finally we agree on something. However your tax proposal won’t help those Americans, it helps the wealthy #TaxReform

Also unacceptable that over 46,000 people have died by guns over the past 5+ years
Unacceptable that you've made millions being a politician
For who, though?
