This is a man who will always support corporations a d big business over a truck driver, waitress or nurse
@JohnCornyn @thehill Majority also said Merrick deserved a vote, so FO.
@JohnCornyn @thehill First Garland.
That's a load of BS. Only in your narrow little world.
@JohnCornyn @thehill all of u r UNBELIEVABLE. FILIBUSTER
Who did you ask, your wife and dogs?
Wrong
I don't want Gorsuch.  Trump does not surround himself with honest, ethical people. That should be Blunts first clue.
Just another Republican untruth and scrubbing of facts. Trump is a good teacher.
Roy instead of reading polls that don't pertain to your constituents why not just listen to us? No to Gorsuch.
You stole a Supreme Court seat from a lawfully elected president. Missouri won't forget. You sell us out time after time.
The majority of Americans thought Merrick Garland should have had a vote, too. Stick a sock in your mouth, mr Blunt
Not I. I would have preferred Garland to get a vote nearly a year ago.
I am not one of those Americans. Vote against!
Majority of Americans wanted you and the Senate @GOP to #DoYourJob with a confirmation hearing for #Garland. Where was that? #hypocrisy
Same polls said Garland should have had a vote.
Poll of Republicans, maybe.  I was a 40 year R and this administration, including gorsuch, has made me change.
What poll? Hold confirmation hearings on Merrick Garland first. We remember the republicans stealing a Supreme Court seat from a president.
Judge Gorsuch is nearly as good as Scalia, and Scalia liked him, & what we might get if Gorsuch isn't confirmed could be infinitely worse!
@JohnCornyn First you must clear DT of treason, then we'll about mr. Gorse have.
Then you are talking to the wrong people.
I don't want Gorsuch to be confirmed. No one asked me. I'm a registered voter.
Not this American  #hypocrite
I bet the majority of Americans thought you should give Garland a hearing.
Thank goodness @clairecmc has some sense and is watching out for the best interest of Missourians. Wake up and take some notes roy!
Stand up and demand an independent prosecutor for #trumprussia investigation.
@JohnCornyn @thehill No confirmation before Russia ties independently investigated.  Then hearings for Garland.
NO CONIRMATION UNTIL WE KNOW IF PRESIDENT IS COMPROMISED. Stop putting party over country.
So where did u get this poll? Did u pull it out of your ass or don the cons ass?
Halt all Senate votes until #Russia investigations are done.
Most Missourians want a you to hear them,  hold some Townhalls & do your job rep MO! 2106 days left n term; Stop hiding & being a DC puppet!
WOW! Just like Texans want from Cornyn and Cruz! And Ted Poe in my district. Who knew? #2018 #2020
We really bring the Power and Vote for Actions & Loyalty not slogans & empty promises!!
We're not stupid & we will remember how you ignore the needs of Mo for your rich corporate cronies. Climate change science? Merrick Garland?
May be true Sen Cornyn, but I reiterate my call to Vote NO on Gorsuch, your constiuent is asking you to Vote NO on Gorsuch
Asked the President and he said he won the election by a huge margin, the popular vote minus illegal votes, so the polls are Fake News.
SORRY ROY YOU ARE FULL OF REPUBLICAN BULLSHIT,
@JohnCornyn @thehill who they poll trump supporters
Nope, not, don't think so!
@JohnCornyn How many say Senate should hold/have held vote on Merrick Garland? #stolenappointment
Roy (not real sharp) wants us to let a man under treason investigation make a lifetime appointment. Once again, not real sharp.
@JohnCornyn @thehill Garland. Would have been nice if he had received the same.
Here's another MO Democrat who doesn't want GORSUCH as our next SC justice!  GOP shill and partisan hack!
ALL jurists should be constitutionalist
Majority of Americans disapprove of Congress.
Did they ask about Merrick Garland?
This Texas Democrat definitely does NOT agree.
Majority of Americans think we should spend less $$ on war.
Majority of Americans like Obamacare.
Majority of Americans support Planned Parenthood.
@JohnCornyn @thehill What poll is this?
Merrick Garland deserved a fucking vote.
I am an independent voter in YOUR district, Senator. I do not want Gorsuch confirmed. His nomination is suspect.
I am in Cornyn's district.
Another poll (called the election): most Americans didn't want Trump to be @POTUS. #Resist #Feckless #ImpeachTrump
Your nominee will be tainted by #russiagate. Are you also a Russian stooge? #realpatriot investigates/clears first.
@twright55 @thehill of course! This is a man who has constitutional common sense. Why wouldn't we want him confirmed?
>3m citizens, ~80% over 15 years of age, so this poll included <0.003% of US adults. Not buying it @RoyBlunt #GarlandnotGorsuch
Most Americans would like Senate Republicans to apologize to Merrick Garland also.  Is that going to happen?  63052
Why should they. Repubs would not even allow a hearing on Obamas pick.
Are these the same polls your boy called fake?
No Roy.  That is fake news. You really are in Trumps pocket aren't you
Nope. That nomination was stolen from Garland. Trump and cohorts under investigation. It can wait.
Is that the same poll that said majority of Americans feel Merrick Garland should have been afforded a vote?
Fake news. Sad. Polls lie. #garland
wow, this really random sampling (see demographics on who took it) must be valid. #voteoutblunt
New study: hack politician will say anything to assist cronies & line pockets @ the expense of constituents.
In this climate, Dem or Rep doesn't mean anything. Put the people first, and stop pushing an ignorant agenda.
your dark$ group does polls now?
when did you start caring what the majority of Americans wanted?
Majority of Americans believe religious beliefs & politics should be kept separate. If I remember our founding fathers also thought this!
cannot wait to vote you out. You don't do what most Americans want. Look at your recent vote to allow the selling of browser data!
do not hold confirmation vote until investigation concerning possible Russian interference in the election in complete.
I call BS on this.  Oh, I know!  Fake news!  Got it.
majority of Americans think taking our country back 50 or more years is offensive, ridiculous, and wrong!
This Supreme Court seat is stolen property, and you and your party are so shameless that you're not even batting an eye at your hypocrisy.
majority of Americans believe our soldiers fight to win even if apparently Trump questions that fact
majority of Americans feel Trumps behavior towards women is not "boys will be boys" but abusive and disgusting behavior
majority of Americans do not feel like Trumps obsession with crowd/hand size are very important
majority of Americans want answers on Mike Flynn and what he knew, what he did, and how much damage he caused
majority of Americans think compromise and working with both parties is more productive that voting totally by party line
majority of Americans think America is now, always has been, and always will be great? Your thoughts?
NO VOTE!!!  Or vote NO with way NO GORSUCH!
majority of Americans are tired of being led through fear and lies! Well??
majority of Americans think you should get out of the women's health business! How you feeling about that one?
majority of Americans do not want the EPA and/or Public Education system gutted - how you feeling about that?
my poll: majority of Americans want to see Trumps taxes- you gonna make that happen?
my poll: majority of Americans want the Russian ties to Trump investigated- does that matter to you?
my poll: majority of Americans want ACA made better not the Tax Break for the Rich Care you are offering at our expense
my poll: majority of Americans want clean air, water, and energy! You didn't care about that!
Two words Merrick Garland. Quit bilgeing out your constituents. #EthicsMatter
is his name Garland then vote no
Merrick Garland
Majority of Americans want @POTUS to release his taxes. What about you?
Majority of Americans want intetnet privacy but you sold us out for $185,000 in ISP contributions. You're a crook. #shame
haha. Good luck with that. Where's Merrick Garland, Ol Roy??
Just because a slim majority supports it doesn't make it right. The confirmation belongs to Merrick Garland.
The Supreme Court Justices say NO! YOU ARE ANOTHER TYPICAL LYING POLITICIAN! AND NO THEY DON'T!
I'm betting majority of Americans wanted a vote on Garland, too.  Not tit for tat, but an observation worth making.
Otis to bad u were not fair with GARLAND.     Two faced blunt
and a majority supported a vote for Judge Garland. We have abandoned the moral high ground on this fight
so did the last guy nominated get a hearing or a vote?
Majority of Americans think the man who nominated Gorsuch is incompetent so there's that...
yeah because it would fail.
most Democrats want impeachment....
no Roy, just because Spicer and Trump tell you something does NOT make it a fact.
Oh, but it's an alternative fact, remember?
nope.. .
The vote should be 60 to confirm.  Call for a vote and see if you have it.   Should have interviewed Obamas pick.
wrong. Most Americans think #merrickgarland should be the new appointee. #crookedroy
Most Americans wanted Merrick Garland to have an up or down vote. Shame on you, @RoyBlunt .
Roy-open your He's not a legitimate nominee. He's a Bannon/Mercer pick.
Most Americans said they wanted Senate to confirm Garland.
Most Americans wanted you to allow a vote on #MerrickGarland, but you didn't care then. #Hypocrite

Didn't most Americans ALSO want Merrick Garland to have an up or down vote? Don't be such a hypocrite.
.@RoyBlunt @thehill did you have that same view when a majority thought Garland should get a hearing and vote?
the majority really didn't

would this be the same CNN who's polls had hrc winning the election by a landslide? Makes me question their accuracy
they also cite a poll done by the same group blunt is citing.
I don't trust any polls. Too easily manipulated by same selection
they aren't guaranteed accurate, but they can be a jumping off point. I trust polls, I don't accept them as gospel
Well this Democrat in your state does not. He was nominated by a man under FBI investigation.  Not appropriate.
I'm another Dem in MO who does not want Gorsuch confirmed!
Don't give in to the Dems Senator. We need the funding to build the wall
Most want You & other R's put country before party!!!!!!!
like the dems do?
Admittedly not all D's do, but what is going on now is absurd & will kill people!
only because the policies of dems have set them up for it
Not true! How is taking away MOW, PBS & healthcare beneficial?
the dems have created a reliance on government. This is bad. Not funding isn't taking away
Grandpa said don't argue w/stupid or R's, neither will admit when wrong!
so, you think loss of federal funding is a death knell? And you don't believe that the dems have set this up?
hypocrite much?
save their filibuster for later?
typo: Merrick Garland
garlands nomination expired in January so the Senate couldn't vote on him even if they wanted
New poll: He's getting a vote.  He's just not getting the sixty necessary.
60 isn't necessary to confirm
