Yes, we do need affordable health care. Removing income based credits, removing employer mandate & cutting Medicare won't do it.
big diff between 'access' to quality care and 'getting' quality care. U treat us like chumps.
Yes. They do not deserve the atrocious plan to enrich the wealthy and rape the elderly and poor aka TrumpCare
1. If democrats "forced" the ACA through, what do you call the actions of Republicans to get ACHA through the house?
It's not about access it's about care. I have access to a Ferrari.
exactly. and if you can't afford it, you don't buy it. What's wrong with that?
Current options to repeal and replace ACA are not acceptable. Our citizens deserve affordable healthcare #doyourjob #2018
We need jobs!What this 31 senators demanding foreign workers take over American jobs.Your names on that list of demanding!
Don't settle for #ObamacareLite. Keep your promises and work for a #fullrepeal with @RandPaul .
Vote no on Trumpcare!
#trumpcare does the exact opposite, see the CBO report. Quit insulting our intelligence! #retireroyblunt
Do not repeal. Improve the Affordable Care Act.
yes families need great health care, keep ACA!
too bad Republicare won't be available to all people who need it. Disgusting.
By that criteria, the AHCA is an unmitigated disaster. The solution to YOUR STATED GOALS is to get MO GOP to expand medicare.
Your stated goals Mr. Blunt. Response?
Exactly what provisions are you supporting that will make access to healthcare more affordable? Ending Medicaid isn't it.
true. So what are you doing about it? This Paul Ryan plan isn't it. ACA isn't quite it.
Access that is not affordable is NO access. Take care of your constituents. Watching your voting record.
Give America the same plan you have, Roy!!! Or you take what we get, otherwise you are a hypocrite.
It doesn't appear current @GOP plan does this. When u have $ u have access to healthcare. when u don't have $ very limited
I feel like you used to be a reasonable pol, but you hooked your wagon to the wrong horse. Just say no to this lunacy
I'm waiting on Roy to put out what #trumpcare  would cost him as an average citizen in rural Missouri. Tell it like it is.
but, you will vote for your constituents correct?! that would be their views, NOT your personal views #NoOnTrumpCare
#Rino You allowed funding of Obamacare over and over, played cloture games, stopped @SenTedCruz when he tried to defund it
you listen too much to Trump!  Repealing the ACA is wrong!   It will only hurt the citizens.
That's EXACTLY right!  And that leaves the Trump/Republican plan OUT!  Their plan: Give to the rich, KILL the old folks!
2. How does eliminating subsidies based on income help the "skyrocketing cost of healthcare" for Missourians?
Uh Roy hate 2 break this news but u didn't say anything of substance in this op ed Just criticized ACA. Details on yours?
Perhaps you could listen to the countless people in the medical field telling you TrumpCare won't work? #hearTHEMhearUS
let us know when you get around to putting one together, the first try was a fail, 7 years...the best you can do?
The AHCA will hurt missouri families, raise rates, and remove the possibility of healthcare from many homes.  Keep the ACA
trumpcare not affordable!!!!! try again take time and do it right
access and poor people affording are the piece you DON'T GET!!
I fixed your tweet, "Families need & deserve health plan options that give them affordable, quality care.'
Some states have great success. Should find out why and learn.
so how do you know what people can afford, do you even know where MO is anymore? Starving people have access to food also.
What is your position on the current republican bill in the House?! I hope you are against it.
You can't have access to healthcare if you can't afford the insurance. Stop pointing fingers at Dems.
try doing what's right for the people, not what's right for the party, Roy. having a townhall anywhere soon?
cheap publicity stunt.  Don't steal medicaid and social security
Blunt got his. Do you think he cares about us?
We need a town hall in St Louis. Let us tell you what we think of the health care bill.  We're watching you and this mess
How much of that is due to Missouri's failure to pass Medicare expansion?
and the AHCA "Trumpcare" doesn't do that so don't allow it to move forward please.
So your  solution is to kick 24 million off health insurance to give tax cuts to the rich?
Why not hold town hall meetings so you can hear what your constituents want in person?
why don't you ever share ACA success stories?  We know you've heard them.
resign.  Clearly you don't understand access and affordable are different, well I guess not for you.  #lobbyists
.    BS
health care isn't a commodity.  It isn't an "entitlement." It should be a basic human right.
we don't need options.  We need affordable, quality healthcare for EVERY PERSON.  #UniversalHealthCare
Ocare tried to do just that.  Too bad you and your GOP cohorts did everything you could to hobble it instead of improve it
that's right but what u clowns offer is big payday for rich and screw old and poor people..U KNOW BETTER
The ACHA takes from low income and gives to the wealthy.  Typical Republican strategy.
I have access to a Mar-a-Lago membership. I just can't afford it, Ol Roy. "Access" does not equal having insurance.
Hey @RoyBlunt how bout you have a #TownHall where the people of Missouri can let you know what they think - just a thought #resist
They need YOU & GOP NOT to give tax breaks to the rich & give people real healthcare #screwjob
this plan will only put more pressure on emergency rooms to treat uninsured people unless you deny them care at er
False construct.  MO constituents need affordable, quality coverage not illusory "access."
Work with Democrats to come up with a real compromise. Otherwise, after GOP loses House in 2018, Dems will have to do it.
Reply to @RoyBlunt @KCStar So if I have severed an artery, but can only afford a bandaid, what happens?....asking for a friend
"Obamacare has fundamentally altered our health care system, and repairing the damage will not be easy, but doing nothing is not an option."
Lots to unpack there. 1. Stop vilifying Obama. You look weak. 2. The system needed altering. It was awful before. 3. Fix, not replace.
Btw, Republican-led Congress has made a specialty of "doing nothing."

Maybe try doing nothing and tell health insurers to get competitive.
Trumpcare is NOT AFFORDABLE, you are sentencing people to death with this plan. VOTE NO
"I’ll work with my colleagues to be sure that no one is denied the care they need based on a pre-existing condition."

Gonna hold you 2 that
the rest of the headline should have read," That's Why the ACA is Needed". AHCA won't help poor or ppl w/chronic disease
but for 24 million of us, your plan isn't it.
"...expansion of health savings accounts..."

People choose high deductible plans gambling they won't need to spend money they don't have.
They chose low-rate high-deductible plans because they don't have cash upfront, meaning an HSA is beyond useless.
This bill does not include maternity benefits.have to buy separately.Will cost young couples more & may not afford
Address the horrible premiums and at same time keep the subsidy.  Tax credits based on age are too low to be of use.
why are low wage earners being kicked off healthcare so the wealthiest can get a tax break!
what about the rural hospitals which will close under this plan?
What if there are NO affordable options, as will be the case in TRYANCARE?
what about low wage earner not be able to afford insurance under the limited tax credits. You ignore them.
So how do you explain that a 64 year old will pay 178% more under your plan?
"These rate hikes are on top of the skyrocketing deductibles families have to meet before they’re even able to use their insurance."

Choice
These families chose their plans and chose those deductibles. Not great choices, but all the insurers offered.
If insurers acted as free market businesses, they'd be scrambling to insure people at competitive rates rather than lobbying GOP to kill law
not access but affordable coverage. trumpcare is not the answer! Vote no please.
"...most Missourians will see a rise in their premiums, with many...facing an increase upward of 40 percent."

What are the $$ amounts here?
"This year, 97 Missouri counties have only one insurer participating in the exchanges."

Blame the insurers for this, not Obamacare.
We OPPOSE the new AHCA! Please make the ACA better. Insurance companies should own their part of the ACA's issues. #ResistAHCA
#StandandResistHC #ResistAHCA #ACAtreatsCancer #ACAtreatsCancer #ProtectOurCare
and would have it, but for dark money Tyranny in Jeff City & D C!  Dark money = Tyranny
"...Obamacare is wreaking havoc on our health care system [profits] and leaving [insurance companies] with higher costs...." #fixeditforya
they have access now what they don't have is the means to pay for it
how about the same coverage you have at the same price?
The access will be at the hospital ER under this plan regardless of the plan. Ask the industry Actuaries.
How about paying for your own healthcare? Or are you just a freeloader?
this is BS and you know it #trumpcare
What have you to say about the CBO report that up to 24 million will lose their insurance?
Access means nothing if we can't afford it. #Trumpcare will kill people by making health insurance too expensive.
This GOP plan is a disaster!  Please think of people who can't afford healthcare.  This plan is deadly to poor and elderly
You're kidding about the plan's affordability/quality care right? 'Cause in Mo. we think it's hilarious. (PS: Not really.)
you know darn well that Trumpcare is horrible.
We want quality healthcare that we can afford! So, the Republican Administration should keep trying till you get it right!
How do you justify millions in tax breaks for the rich. You will kill people!
You're latching on to a sinking ship, Roy.
