Ohh, golly gee. Gosh, bullshit. No sincere adult talks like this. I trust no one that corrupt Trump tries to appoint. You had better wake up
no confirmation hearings on nominee by someone under investigation by the FBI for possible collusion with foreign governments!
Tony you just don't have the fax. You'r just another cry baby liberal. Get your fax then cry.
why don't you FACTS me the FAX.
Merrick Garland.
Vote NO on Gorsuch!! He is not right for our country. He does not believe all people are equal and deserve to be treated that way. Vote NO
We don't need a lifetime Corporate Shill as SCJOTUS - You're constituents will remember this come election day.
Yeah. Sure. He's a nominee from a Russian plant and you're okay with it. #FireTheFool or drop whatever patriotism label you think you have.
You screw us with Gorsuch vote!  I can't wait til you're up for election--I'll fight hard to unseat you! Corporate GREED has stolen America!
Your legacy as a decent human being is at stake. NO on the stolen USSC seat!!! No to Gorsuch!!!!
thank you Senator Blunt. That's what all these other judges should be doing. Like Washington St. & Hawaii maybe that a look at ?
Crook!
NO NO NO
You are supposed to represent us, not the White house
Just another corporate shill.  You should join McCaskill and oppose him but clearly you won't.
#NoGorsuch until the #TrumpRussiaCollusion is settled
Ya ya... ya! He is a painful conservative, and shamefully forget that it's 21th. Century!
Pro-big business, anti-woman Gorsuch. No thank you. 64081
#MerrickGarland.  We haven't forgotten. #resist
Just say NO to Gorsuch!
You fool, he couldn't even answer yes or no on questions asked during his hearing.  He's as corrupt as you are!
Do Not Confirm Gorsuch unless you do not care about Americans #TrumpRussiaCollusion
There should be no one place on the Supreme Court, until, we are sure of the Russian involvement in our election.
You mean SUPREME COURT JUDGE GARLAND #DoYourJob
He already is interpreting what he thinks it should say. Listen to your constituents and vote no
I know a GREAT nominee his name is #MerrickGarland
#NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch
Gorsuch is such a good pick it makes no sense for democrats to not want him. There is no reason at all for him to be in the next open seat.
How much were you lobbied for support of this?  I'm pretty sure most of your constituents disagree. Do your job!
Never answered ANY questions with clarity Not good ole boy makes out to be any more than you NO VOTE til trump investigate over
Does that mean he plans on bringing slavery back?
I hope Senator McCaskill agrees with you and will confirm Judge Gorsuch. #ConfirmGorsuch #MAGA
If you believe this than I have a bridge to sell you.
Mid MO asking for a no vote how about we figure out the #RussiaInvestigation first b4 anything else
when you dont get 60 votes, you get another candidate - not change the rules
Stop. Just stop already.  The WH is under investigation. No vote should take place.
until there is no probe...NO robe! #opposegorsuch
Gorsuch doesn't represent real people just corporations. You know, he's just like you!
Gorsuch should not be confirmed while POTUS is under investigation. Do better.
NO. Not when the nominating President is under FBI investigation.  Why not just let  Putin himself select? Jefferson City Resident 65101
NOPE! Gorush may be okay, but President and all his men under investigation for Russia conspiracy. Let's sort out the treason first.
Please stop. Just stop. No one is buying this. Except maybe you. But I don't even think you are.
Um, wouldn't his entire job be to "say what he thinks" the constitution says?
Roy Blunt is a candy ass, ass kissing shill for big money. He will NEVER have the guts to face the people in STL or KC.
How bout no
You are Horrible! Totally corrupt, you line your pockets with $$$ and have betrayed all of your constituents!
I call BS. He is not a legitimate nominee. He is a Bannon/Mercer choice. A choice of this colluding administration.
Hey Roy YOUR president is closer to impeachment and or treason u just don't have Missouri common sense do u  it's a about money with u
Help Missouri not your self.
Not the old white guys.code rip off anyone not in your bank balance.
No to all of you children, learn that it takes both sides to balance or country
No to Gorsuch, take care of your constituents
Vote non-partisan solutions that help Missourians thrive. Your constituents are your employer. Don't fall for the Trump trap.
How much were you paid to say that? I ask cause you only support things you have been paid to support
way to go Roy from a Vet in the 63108!
Did you ask Judge Gorsuch what he thought about Merrick Garland's nomination?  About what the Constitution says??
hey, thanks for selling our internet info for campaign donations. #WeWontForget #NoScruples
The illegitimate president that is in office now shouldn't get to nominate anyone.
Stolen seat.
We need the swamp drained...including you!!!
4 Gorsuch tweets in 24 hrs, but zilch on #Russiagate , that's the #bluntphilosophy
Did he just not listen to himself?  Gorsuch insight means we don't need any other justices, riiiighttt!
No vote until House, Senate and special prosecutor investigations are complete . Traitors do not appoint SCOTUS justices.
Halt all congressional votes until after #russia investigations are done. #FlynnFlipped
Sir, Unless U2 are guilty we must investigate #TrumpRussia !  Plz ask US military to declare #MartialLaw to try #HighCrimes & #HangTraitors
Roy, Your grammar is bad. How can we take you seriously?
so, why did you sell private information for $185,000? I don't recall this being an issue up for debate with your constituents.
I don't think anyone should be confirmed with all the investigations @White House. Why did you take money to release private info?
I appreciate his qualifications but we need to get rid of the liar in chief and renominate Judge G. Please help us muck out the WH first
There should be no vote on #gorsuch till #TrumpRussiaCoverUp is fully determined. #Flynn just asked for immunity.
We can't confirm Judge Gorsuch until we know Trump's involvement with Russians. Even then, Gorsuch isn't great.
Post your browser history.
Our trust in anyone associated with the corrupt WH is gone. Solve the FBI investigation first. DJT may be a lame duck POTUS as we speak.
No to gorsuch.  He did not answer sufficiently.   Playing games.
Again, NO confirmatn of nominee from pres under FBI investigation.  This is not right.  I can say this as many times as you post to confrm.
So you'll support sane gun controls?  I'm sure the founding fathers weren't thinking about AR-15's.  We'll vote you out!
I'm with you there.
No he won't, because it already says what it says.
We need to move on from this senseless delay..we have tax reform and jobs to get to..let's move on
No hearings until Russian investigation is complete. If Trump is forced from office, a hasty appt could throw country into turmoil.
no he will determine what the republicans think it should say. 
and big corporations.  StolenSeat
by the way didnt u take over$185000 to sell our internet history. when are u going to stand up for the people who voted for u
no not qualified!!'nn
If u replace Gorsuch with Garland u could say the same thing.
How about no lifetime appointments until we find out how involved DJT is with Russia?  You're on the wrong side of history, Senator.
why didn't you give the previous scouts the chance to talk Roy?  I think gorsuch is a uslesss piece of scrotum
Take that stupid toupee off its blocking your brsin
Yeah and how about the separation of Church and State? Not so much from I've read about him!
"Determine" is a fascinating word choice. Yet somehow his thoughts won't enter into it?
I had Ancestors fought  wars came from South Carolina and Alabama  they shed their blood for this country and what the constitution means
What are the Kochs paying for a 140-character ad spot for Gorsuch?
Because you don't support anything or anybody that doesn't line your pocket.
Did someone pay you to shill for him? Betsy devos bought her way in, and you sold our online privacy for money, what law firm wrote a check?
Maybe hobby lobby or one of the other corporations gorsuch placed above people have started "donating" to your campaign.
hobby lobby has the right to refuse service to anyone, get over it! Conservative America has spoken! Bwahahaha
And another idiot is heard from you must feel pretty safe after reelection and voted against Women's Healthcare R like the unborn not after
#confirmmerrickgarland
What CONSTITUTION says about when US GOV under investigation for TREASON?
Where do you stand...country or your pockets?
It's called judicial review and you are hiring him for his opinion. We need a new nominee with better opinions in line with Americans.
I do not understand what is taking so long it is apparent to me that Neil Gorsuch is qualified. He needs to be approved now. God Bless Ameri
why wouldnt he answer all questions?  from where did his 10 million dollar "gift" come?
You mean the Constitution that we update because it was written before electricity or cars and while there were human slaves?
stop with your propaganda. Merrick Garland also would have done this
