Twitter replies are cool, but phone calls from constituents are cooler.
If you can actually get through and they answer the phones...
Indeed. Main line went to voicemail, but I got through to Clayton, and I know others who got through on Springfield. 
No more one-way communication from you. Come look us in the eyes and tell us you're killing our heathcare.
No mention of the Agricultural Appropriations Bill anywhere on your sites. Do my fellow Missourian's know you support horse slaughter?
My priority is having affordable healthcare. Vote NO on ACA repeal
Move us forward Roy by not dismantling ACA while giving yourself a tax break. That would really help your constituents in MIssouri.
What work? You cruel man just voted to hurt us by leaving us without medical care. May you suffer the same fate you wish us: a slow death.
Do not vote to repeal the ACA. You need to listen to your constituents. We want you to work w/Dems & fix ACA. Don't sabotage it. #NoRepeal
How bout you hold a town hall and deliver the "news" in person to your constituents?
Right after you rebuild our Chrysler plants you tore down in Fenton https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU 
Stand up for all of us not just a few
Have you vote for the AHCA you're going to have real problems in Missouri. Especially when rural hospitals our closed and death panels.
Nope no way time to go
Maybe start by not killing us? #VoteNoTrumpcare
Missourians want healthcare.  #killthebill
Dead Missourians have no priorities. #NoRepeal #showme
No one wants your junk mail. We want a real 2 way conversation. Hold a town hall.
Hold a town hall & learn what your constituents want & need.  Then grow a spine & break from the herd!  #SaveACA #ratonasinkingship

But you don't.  Your voting record proves it.
What are the people of Missouri's priorities? Do you even know? Hold a town hall and ask us. #Clueless #RussiaIsAllThatMatters
But you've never bothered to listen to our priorities, Roy. Why are you such a coward?
I appreciate the newsletter but you should know echoing the policy and defending the ethics of Trump isn't your job. Be a Senator, please.
Don't you mean YOUR priorities? You're riding the wrong coattails, bud #fakepotus
A great way to move Missourian priorities forward is to NOT kill healthcare and Missourians in the process.
I think face to face town halls are needed.
will it have the dates of your town hall meetings?
You're a rubber stamp for Trump and the GOP. U aren't listening to us. Do a town hall stop ignoring your employers. Remember u work for us!
So will you ever have a town hall?
Whoever is posting on behalf of #Royblunt please let him know #Missouri  is extremely disappointed in him. #Blunt does not represent us.
Missourians priorities are affordable healthcare that doesn't put people into poverty to stay alive. Your constituents are watching you.
At first glance I thought it said "enemyletter" not enewsletter. In this day & age, it seemed a perfectly normal thing for a Republican.
Americans demand same access to FEBHP plans, options, benefits, affordable rates, carriers @SenateGOP - our employees - will receive!
@RoyBlunt you should work to help Missourians, we need health coverage, so stop blowing the orange one, and do some representing.
It is only one line, until election season.  You are not for Missouri, but the President of the Trump FanClub
Please don't take away my healthcare. Vote NO on Trumpcsre.
A vote to repeal is a vote to retire
If you were trying to move Missouri any further backward it wouldn't actually be a state anymore.
Your newsletter is a good communication tool. Does it carry your schedule for town hall meetings w/Missourians? #healfhcare reform,1-payer
I had to go back to 6/22/17 to see any comment from you on healthcare. Please update today. This is important to MO voters.
I prefer town halls
Where is your work to protect people with preexisting conditions?  How about working to protect the environment so we have water and air?
https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/07/24/gop-senators-dont-approve-mystery-health-bill-david-durenberger-column/502976001/ …. Roy, read this and heed the senator's advice. Don't be bullied by scare tactics. MO matters. Trump will turn on u
#MAGA 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOvmi4Zm-8s&sns=tw … via @youtube
Please, ..think of the low come workers in your state when you rebuild healthcare.  There are so many that make so little with no benefits
I know you're hell-bent on destroying healthcare for millions, but for the sake of Missouri and the country: VOTE NO.
It might not be that he wants to destroy our healthcare so much as he wants a tax cut himself.
What work?  All I have seen is photo ops where you pretend to care and talk radio with a conservative host.
Leave our healthcare alone!
CONSUMER FREEDOM--the American way--forget what insurance lobbyists have asked and paid for--you are OUR SENATOR NOT THEIRS!!!
please vote no on new health bill and repeal of obamacare. i know republicans can come up w better bill.  think of steel and coal workers
Clean Repeal separate and apart from all else!
please stop resenting President Trump--we put him there because we were terrified you would keep sitting on your hands
Do not vote for TRumpcare!
You need to put the people before the party Roy. Also before your large corporate contributors. So far you're just not doing that.
please listen closely to input of Senators Paul, Cruz & Jordan who are responsive to average Missourians and are true patriots!!!
The only news I want from you is that you finally have a back bone.Remember you are an American not Russian. #TrumpCrimeFamily
I don't want it
How do you plan to vote on the AHCA? Your constituents have a right to know?
Do you really have to ask?
You're a conservative, don't you mean move backwards? Or, stay the same?
We refuse to sign up for propoganda from a man that is too much of a coward to answer to his constituents.
Are you really going to vote to take away healthcare from 22 million?
Does that include taking away essential health benefits for them? Asking for a friend.

Majorities across parties say GOP/President Trump are responsible for any #ACA problems going forward
http://kaiserf.am/2tzk7g1  

We are ready to improve the healthcare system at any time. But we are not willing to throw tens of millions off their care to fund tax cuts. 

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 

Eight years ago today, right now: Obama was wrapping another town hall where he took questions on his health plan. 

I worked w/ Pres Obama to roll back part of Obamacare that was harming vets & now I hope Dems will to the same. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3oKgKEAIDw&feature=youtu.be …

Sen. Murkowski committed “I will not support a reckless repeal process that leaves people hanging.”
That’s what Senate GOP plan would do. 

.@SenatorCollins: GOP health care bill "could lead to insurance plans that really are barely insurance at all." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/889165601800769537 …
Do a townhall.
