He lied yet you take him at his word?  His word isn't worth 2 cents. Thanks for putting party over country.
how's that working for you? Should we take the 2nd version of "his word" or the 1st? #Comrades2017 #RESISTANCE
Sessions is a liar. Do your job and be a responsible Senator. Just because he is a Republican you overlook the facts.
He answered the question in the context of "campaign and continual contact with Russians". The lie?!
then you are a complete fool. Why don't you come to STL & have a town hall might & we can ALL talk about it. Trump lacky!!!
63303 certainly won't be voting for you.
He committed perjury. You are supporting someone that we know perjured himself as one if the heads of our judicial branch. 1/2
Where were you when Lynch met Bill on the Tarmac and three days later failed to indict his corrupt wife?
I believe I was in labor. Stop pushing for partisian fighting & admit you care more about alignment than law.
I care about the law that is why I want Hillary Indicted for the strong case FBI made against her & Lynch dropped
Then why not put energy towards that instead of trying to pick fights with strangers talking about unrelated events?
You want Trump guy punished for nothing but you use your labor 2 ignore corruption under Obama Talk about PARTISAN
Right, the person that forcefully ejected my body & was completely reliant on me is a bad excuse to not campaign on Twitter. My bad.
Wow U act like whole Hillary Email scandal happened on the day you gave birth Get over yourself It has been in news 4 years
the American people don't take him at his word and demand an investigation. He lied under oath and shoukd resign.
Good , Franken asked him about talking to Russian about election, He said No!  He legally talked to him as Senator BIG DIFFERENCE
coward.
I too give people trust until they lose it.  Lying under oath is a good way to lose my trust.  Don't think that's unreasonable
Do you still take him at his word?
you would
Yeah but I bet you believe trump when he says Obama wire tapped his phones right?  You are pathetic.
that is the dumbest thing you ever said. Seriously.
You may take him at his word, however, we do not trust you or take you at your word.
What is your justification for your position on an issue of such implications and significance. #chauvinism
he denied it and lied. No trust; no AG job!
Why didn't you take Hillary at her word? You're a political hack.
Partisanship should not trump duty to constituents, American  security or facts. So tired of it.
#roytrump
Does the footage of him lying to Sen @SenFranken give you pause? Why did he meet with Russian Amb at RNC? Why was Amb there?Recuse
why was that same Amb sitting with the Dems at Trump's Joint Session Speech. Connections 2 Dems & Hillary
I live in 64118 and like Olivia, I too will be voting against you in your next election in 2022!   And I have a very long memory!
I would borrow a phrase that we have all heard lately..."Lock him up"
under oath he said he had "no communications" knowing that was not the truth, he could have easily clarified to be transparent.
He was asked if he had communication on behalf of campaign and he said No,  he talked to them on behalf of Senate NO LIE
Does no one care about our tax dollars being spent on Mar-a-Lago all these weekend?  And Money for rooms for Sessions Etc?
Obviously Sessions is a liar whose word you cannot believe.  He must be removed from office and I urge you to push for his removal
If ur going 2 blindly accept Session's 'word' then u should recuse yourself from any  investigations since u can't be impartial
you have BAD judgement apparently
does it bother you that all roads lead to Russia or are you in on it too?
bwhind him is beyond comprehension fir most Missourians. We will remwmber this in 6 years.
Almost everyone on the campaign team met with the Russians secretely and then lied about it multiple times. How you can stand
Sessions lied. Completely obvious
Even though he lied about it under oath? Really?
you took Hillary at her word too, right?  You are worst kind of hypocrite.
He lied under oath. His word is worth nothing. Call for resignation. #RUlisteningMO
in fact, maybe we need to start looking at you and either investigate you or recall you
As a constituent I request a full investigation. Mr Sessions lied under oath an drew should be punished.
you're not on the right side of history lately.
Just like I'm sure you took Hillary at her word regarding emails.  Today's theme is hypocrisy.  #gop #russiagate #draintheswamp
ignoring constituents concerns doesn't make them go away, it enforces worries about your impartiality.
perhaps you are considering the value of extreme vetting for political appointments? #SessionsMustResign
then you sir, are a fool
there in lies the problem..."taking him at his word," when his word is not worth much. #SpecialProsecutor #DoYourJob
And now your friend has embarassed you by changing his story multiple times in 24 hrs. Time for resignation & Special Prosecutor.
he lied UNDER OATH!! Bill Clinton lost his license for that.  Come on Roy!  Country over party
and he paid for it with campaign funds. Not legal
@realDonaldTrump Very logical and reasonable, Sen. Blunt.(Pelosi, show me where AG Sessions "lied" about meeting ambassadors!)
You called for thorough investigations related to Russia a few weeks ago. This makes me question your ability to do so.
and you are wrong
That's not what he said. How do you believe him when it's been shown to be untrue?
Now we have to wonder what your Russia connections are.
I don't think the AG is telling the whole truth.
You will be on the wrong side of history. Enjoy.
you work for MO & we need answers via a bipartisan investigation. Collusion w/ Russia = treason & Session's "word" is insufficient
Didn’t ever vote for you and will never vote for you 64117 and remember you only won by less than 3% in the state of MO
how do you trust someone who has been proven a liar?
Did you contact Russia also at Donalds request? ?????  Think I should contact the FBI THE WAY YOU ARE DEFENDING ALL OF THEM.
What?  Why?  How has he earned that?
That's not what he said. He said no Trump campaign-related discussions took place.
64112.  Next election are OUT !!! You've ignored requests for town halls!  Now this @gop corruption. I won't forget.
Daily you disappoint your constituents.  #Sessions word says he's a liar.   Stop covering for him. @Gop too much corruption.
Not good enough for us.  We're not his pals, and he lied under oath. Independent probe is needed to see the depth of Russian ties.
Are you even curious why the Russian was at the Republican National Convention? I'm sure nothing about the election came up there.
You took him @ his word when he swore under oath he had no contact w/ & that was a lie. Why believe him now? #ResignSessions
of course you do, you stopped thinking for yourself years ago.
Seriously??  I am Republican leaning Independent and don't buy that!  You must think all of your constituents are idiots.
He said he had NO discussions. Big difference. He lied. The lies are piling up, Senator.
he lied under oath-it matters
You'll take a perjurer at his word - great choice, Roy!
you are hiding your head in the sand. Voters will remember your cowardice.
your constituents want you to support a special counsel to investigate Russian involvement in the election #electionmulligan
well, that's pretty irresponsible of you
You take him at his word after he LIED under oath? He violated his ethical obligations as an lawyer.  He's unfit to serve as AG
He also said that he did not meet with them at all.
You're a craven tool who does great dishonor to Missouri. Resign.
spasiba... Is much liked... Many peacefulness..see u at Mar the Large Go xxx .Vladimir #nuffin2Seeherecomrade
He. Lied. Under. Oath. The GOP would have a fit if someone from Obama administration had done the same. #hypocrisy #Trumprussia
he said President Clinton should've been prosecuted fot perjury.  If the shoe fits
cause politicians never lie #altfacts prove it by having a deep investigation
seriously?! He committed perjury! How can you continue to support this? Remember, you represent MISSOURIANS! Time to do something!
because supporting your friend is more important than the truth?
You may have to eat these words.  More shoes will drop.
you know you're going to regret all of this come reelection time. Why would you want to be one of the villains in this story?
#NotrustinTrump or you or any legislation bought by the new John Birchers.
You might want to check with your constituents about this - oh wait you don't do Town Halls....
You are always spewing party rhetoric. You couldn't be more predictable.
are you sure you want to ride along with this liar and traitor?  Shows your true side
he should resign... I'm disgusted by your lack of action on the obvious Russian connection to the trump administration
for someone on the Intelligence Committee, that's the dumbest thing you could say. Independent investigation or resign.
resign.
You might, but We-- the American people-- do NOT.  Country Over Party, Senator!!
you would. But why not explain yourself at your town hall?
Just like Flynn misled Pence, Preibus, and Spicer? #unacceptable
it is hard to believe how low you will go. Time for you to go. My zip 63033.
Seriously?! Sessions lied. He needs to resign. You are on the wrong side of history. AGAIN. (constituent-65806).
he purged himself in conformation hearing and you know it. Quit lying.
you would.
I hope the AG will hold firm we believe and support him
Man you're the worst. If this was Hillary or her cabinet, you and the GOP would be throwing a tantrum. At least investigate.
so no worries about the perjury, He's a republican so his word is good and no need to investigate any of that pesky Russian stuff
he lied under oath! I suppose that is okay with you. I will vote against you.
which again proves that you are totally out of the mainstream. You've received ? $. Maybe u no something about the Russians
He purjured himself. Maybe YOU should host some town halls and see what your constituants think.
You might be better served by the old Reagan adage "Trust BUT VERIFY!"
... I say this as one of your very concerned voting constituents.
.@RoyBlunt I got some bad news for you bud.
Hmmm, I did not take Hillary at her word.....partisan games then and now
Good job putting your party before the country.
Oh,  I'm in 65203.
He should not get a free pass since he was a Senator and is your friend. He should be held to a higher standard because of that.
ARE YOU JOKING. Why don't you take the intel community at its word???
As Mo resident I'm disappointed, @RoyBlunt. B/C you're willing to tow the party line even in the face of overwhelming evidence of perjury.
How dare you..   He lied under oath... Stop supporting Trump's swamp. Be a man.  Stand up for whats right.
you're a fool and a party stooge
Open your eyes!  #Purgery  #WinterWhiteHouse , #Nepotism #TaxReturns #RussiaGate in all forms. What does it take to investigate?
Don't
You cannot take any appointees of Donald Trump at their word.  That sir has been proven.
come on, Roy. You know better.
Sessions didn't say "I met with Russian ambassador twice, but not as Trump surrogate." He LIED. Flat-out. In testimony.
I think Jeff Sessions is a racist liar and think your party loyalties have compromised your integrity.
And we are somehow supposed to find "your word" comforting?!? You don't get to dismiss this without a full investigation.
Fdoesnt matter.  He lied to The congressional committee and he should resign but at least be recused.
BUT he didn't tell the truth about it during his hearing. PLEASE do not let this drop. No innocent should fear the investigation.
then you should plan on going down with the #PathologicalLiars. Honesty and integrity is the least we should demand. #Trumprussia
are you hiding something?  Did you talk to Russian people during the campaign?  You are looking a bit guilty...
why do you take him at his word?  he is not recommending a movie. he is supposed to investigate & we find out he is part of it!!!
once again you worry more about party lines than about doing what's right. #SessionsLied and me must go.
Many in Missouri are sick and tired of the constant harassment of @POTUS by Obama-ites. Lets stop this garbage and fix the country
Then I expect u 2 take EVERYONES word, including Dems without proof.
Just stop!
which is exactly why you're just one of the good 'ol boys that actually defines the swamp. Country before party. #LastTerm
he lied. I'd go to jail.
Would you take any Democrat at their word on such a topic?
65641 will be opposing you as well.
of course you will. Supporting perjury makes us question your integrity!
maybe they can investigate the mystery of your missing backbone
Why in the world would you do that?? He needs to go.
THANK YOU!  So tired of seeing Pubs belly up every time Dems tell 'em to roll over. Sessions did NOTHING WRONG!
Of course you do. You're a fellow toady, apparently.
WTF? I hope you see how that statement and being an IMPARTIAL INVESTIGATOR have nothing to do with each other.
@lindsaywise Sessions. Lied. Under. Oath.
Did you take AG Loretta Lynch at her word?
why do you think he wouldn't lie?
Please consider putting country before party.
#WeThePeople
#Patriots Demand
#SessionsResignNOW
#Sessions Perjury #TrumpRussia

@FBI Plz Investigate @RoyBlunt covering-up crimes
call for his resignation.  He lied to the under oath in his hearing and can no longer be trusted to be AG
So you support a liar?
He appears to be lying, though. Does honesty matter to you?
Why did he lie under oath?
don't pretend to be naïve. He had no Senate business with the ambassador. Follow the money. #Rosneft
Keep siding with wrong and you will be held accountable in your next election
And that is another reason you will always have my vote. If we can just get rid of McCaskill in 2018.
Why would you take him at his word since he just was proven to be a liar? How do you expect us to trust you or any of these liars?
That is a lie. He didn't lie. Read the transcript. Get educated.
His word...that is on video?  The one where he lied?
He didn't lie. Get educated.
how can we trust any officials who have repeatedly lied about contact with reps from the country that interfered with our election
Senator u r being incredibly naive Reagan said" Trust but verify" u might heed the words and verify what Sessions said is true
He lied under oath at his congressional hearing. Perjury! He should resign!
Then we should have no problem with an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. It's imperative for our democracy to survive!
Look at George Soros and his violation of"Logan Act"
Nice deflection. Works in grade schools. Not in political investigations. Doesn't have SHIT to do with this.
whatever happened to trust but verify?  Country over party senator! Shame!
I, as one of your constituents don’t take him at his word and ask that you, my representative call for an investigation.
And as a constituent I cancel you out.
um. His word is demonstrably wrong in this case. He needs to resign immediately. Lying to congress is a big deal.
it should be a BIG deal
why? Because of partisan interests? Y'all should have never allowed this 2 begin with! Blatant"inyourface" conflicts w/this admin!
I don't. Sessions also lied to congress about his trial lawyer experience.
whatever you say, comrade.
Keep covering up We know the truth
then call for an independent & impartially led investigation - since you're sure there's nothing to hide
