No.  It’s time for you to do 3 things.
1.  Come talk to us in person in St. Louis.  2.  Acknowledge that Black Lives Matter, & 3.  Ban guns
If Black lives matter then start with that... stop black on black murder first!!  Preach that and then come back to me.
Did you know that the tax plan proposed benefits the top 1% and will RAISE taxes on middle and low income Americans?
Never got a job from a poor person Alison
How about filling in the blanks, holding hearings and letting the CBO score bill?  At least you are clear that it benefits the top1% EGT/AMT
Get it done.
You have blood on your hands.
Did you know we have a worthless corporate sell out for a Senator? It’s time to simplify our political system. #RecallBlunt
It’s complicated because you give the ultra wealthy many loop holes to avoid their fair share. Raise taxes on rich not working class.
The # of pages is irrelevant. The problem is that the 1%/corps don’t pay their fair share thus putting an undue burden on the rest of us.
Judge Jeanine said" The SENATE has over 200 BILLS WAITING TO BE APPROVED What makes you think they will do ANYTHING?
Don't believe the hype.  Trickle-down doesn't work.  Projected $2.4 Trillion in additional deficits over 10 years.
Im sure the CBO will be able to figure it out with out your help SenBlunt. The NRA paid you $4.5 million dollars. You support the NRA+$$=LV
Get a life go to work
Did you know tax code size is a red herring? Lying GOP uses it to push a #taxreform that will save top 1% $100B in estate tax repeal alone.
I run a business. Sorry. I have been living with it for years. The time wasted each year is sick. First the tax code. Next Big Gov must go.
Trickle down economics doesn't work and we will never have 6% growth so stop Dynamic Scoring, just tell the truth and show the facts
Do you know how much your taxes will be cut by this "simplification? Trump's? You will tell us.
Thank you for attempting to watch out for the Working Men and Women of out Great Country.
Simplify the code but don't give so much to the wealthiest in this country.  Most got wealthy on the backs of the working class.
Gun control
Did you know one man just shot hundreds of people? It's time to talk about gun control.
Talk is cheap
You have blood on your hands.
But what you all are trying to do will only add to the troubles of the middle class. How do you sleep at night?
Conservatives are tired of lip service, get it done, and don’t fail like you did on health care. Our premiums are going through the roof!
The point is NOT how many pages it is, u hypocrite; it's ur willingness 2 throw poor, middle class citizens 2 wolves. Tax cuts 4 rich only??
Very true, now help make sure the poor and middle class don't get screwed and the wealthy win once again...look at Kansas...
ah yes "simplifying the tax code" or as everyone else likes to call it giving tax breaks to the rich
Let's simplify healthcare too.  Everyone gets it; single payer system. Simple. Who knew universal healthcare could be so simple.
Do not repeal the estate tax! You guys do, we'll know who you care about.
Taking a trillion dollars from Medicaid and 1/2 trillion from Medicaid is not the way to give your rich entitled feeling friends a tax cut!
Simplify, fine. Give the majority of tax breaks to the wealthy? Not so much. You're supposed to help your constituents, not only the top 1%.
Do I get a tax decrease for every bullet and gun I own?
You may want to change scheduled tweets as this is ridiculous to talk about when >9 million are at risk of losing insurance #ExtendCHIP
What’s the going rate for being a spineless Mercer parrot? Why are you scared of your constituents?
Comparable to your list of donors
Agreed, but not for the top 1-2%.  Proposal so far attacks middle class.
Simplification isn't a bad goal. But simplicity doesn't always = fairness or affordability. Tax cuts shouldn't mean service/program cuts.
OK - get rid of all loopholes, but DON'T vote for tax cuts!!! - very bad timing
Which pages would you eliminate?
WOW  70,000 pages of tax code. Did you know in 2 years approximately 70,000 people will be killed by guns in America. NRA owns you Roy, why?
As usual, we your Missouri constituents would love to discuss this at a townhall. Any plans, or just parroting the president for now?
It has nothing to do with tax cuts.
Don’t mistake the tax code with the tax form people. Roy is again leading us astray.
Voodoo economics from Blunt the Tunt
Do you know how much sweet @NRA cash you took?
If all you are doing is simplifying to "Tax cuts for the wealthy" I say no thank you.
And not all 70,000 pages are applicable to all of us. But I fear the reforms will get rid of the parts that DO help middle/lower class…
This tax plan is bad, and you should feel bad
I'm not too worried about it.  I'm liable to be gunned down in the streets before April 15 rolls around seeing as we have no gun control...
By removing deductions so my tax bill increases? Super.
How many of those pages are dedicated to allow the top one percent and corporations to avoid paying their fair share?  #taxshelters #phoney
Tax reform @stevenmnuchin1 Ponzi scheme paid for on backs of low & middle income people to give wealthy tax cuts @Koch_Industries demands?
Simplifying for who? Millionaires? Nice try. Why don't you do something worthwhile & tweet about that instead of misleading constituents.
No but I did know 58 people were killed by a TERRORIST and you're going to do nothing b/c NRA
Did you know...
Good point
And 69,999 pages are loopholes for special interests. Get rid of the loopholes!
"Tax code reform" and "tax cuts w/out code reform" are not the same thing. We need #bipartisan tax code reform. @clairecmc @RepAnnWagner
Didn't your mom teach you not to lie? The new taxcode is another way of saying screw the lower and middle class. Taxcut to wealthiest.
Do you know that people are mostly scared you’ll take away their healthcare or allow even more lenient gun laws? Fix ACA, stop the NRA!
Simplify: sure.
Shovel money to your wealthy donors, screwing the poor and the deficit? No way!
How about if PAC contributions are taxed at 98%?
Complicated things aren't always bad, Roy. Our President is simple and he'll probably kill us all. Go sell stupid somewhere else.
Love your comment.
Please stop trying to pass tax cuts 4 the rich as helping MO families & small businesses. We know the truth. 
I did, politicians keep telling me that year after year, but do nothing about it
simplify is fine. all independent analysis shows good for wealthy, not for middle class.  carried interest. hedgefund loophole.  no cred
You would like to simplify it by cutting taxes for billionaires, and taking money away from the poor and middle class.
Simple screw the middle class
The message to us working Americans seems to be "you'll pay more, but you'll have to do less math.  You dummies should love that."
Did you know you're a lying party hack who actively hates his state
Cutting Medicaid and Medicare so the top 1% get a huge break is unacceptable. You're bound & determined to screw most needy & middle. Why?
I'm sure you've benefited well from those 70,000 pages
Simplify to you means cutting taxes for the wealthiest, while sticking the middle class with higher taxes and gutting Medicare and Medicaid. We cannot be fooled by these ridiculous tweets.
I assume this simplification will be for the benefit of poor people and not for the extremely wealthy, correct?
News Flash: We are waiting on you guys.
Do you ever interact with your constituents?  Or do we have to pay for that level of access to our representative?
I want fair taxes to pay for FEMA and CDC and Natl Inst of Health don’t cut taxes on the wealthy

too late to help the victims?   When you have to hire someone to represent you to the IRS under threat of taking your homes or business
I don’t mind paying taxes, I like safe bridges, well maintained roads fire & police tax cuts for the top 1% is not reform
It is time to simplify the tax code, but the current GOP plan is not it. You owe it to the people of MO to do better by us. We are watching!
Oh FFS be honest for once and say you have a duty to cut taxes for your donors and don't care one modicum for any Missourians #votehimout
You can do that without screwing over the working class to give more breaks to billionaires.  #notonepenny
Your party's proposal raises taxes on 30% of middle class families and cuts a trillion dollars from Medicare. You don't care about Missouri.
bruh, no one cares about how long the tax code is. simplifying it creates problems where people aren't paying their fair share.
Uh I care and so should you, the longer and more complex the more the wealthy get by with... who do you think adds the complex loopholes?
