Taxation without representation
Absolutely.  He doesn't represent anyone except the lobbyists.
You think Trump's tax plan is for you?
Hell no!  It has me, yet again, picking up the tax bill for the poor and that's BS.
Well as you can tell I am pretty liberal but what I think is happening is the top and the bottom is squeezing the cap out of the middle.
If this plan goes through, I will lose $46,400 in deduct.  My health insurance premium is $2200/month!  State & Local close to $20,000
So why do you support Trump? No malice in my question. I truly just don't understand
Because I'm not a one issue voter.
On radio, in newspapers and magazines, it is said that tax reform will give to the top 1% and take away from middle class Americans. True??
What a bunch of baloney.  #Hypocrite
Plainly well said
Please stop lying to fine young Americans who need a fair shot. We are seeing that you are bought and PAID FOR.
es posible?
Trickle down does not work and you know it. It's time the tax code actually resulted in higher take home pay for lower & middle cl
we sure do that's why we should come up with a better plan #notyourtaxreform
The @GOP "tax reform" is a giveaway to millionaires/billionaires. We are not dumb. 
People know u aren't revising tax code. U r making drastic cuts 2 Medicare Medicaid repealing ACA 2 get $400 million frm Kochs! @maddow
Not with this president.
We need politicians that don't tear down our factories in Missouri. https://youtu.be/yMEPwQmknlU  that sent our 43,000 jobs out of America.
Aren't you REALLY saying you will vote to cut Medicare? Cut Medicaid? Cut Snap? Cut Housing? Cut LIHEAP? Didn't MO just reduce minimum wage?
How about an increase of minimum wage? Oh wait your party squashed that idea.
That means corporations and the rich pay more taxes and the middle class and poor pay less?   No, it means greedy senators bend over for NRA
The Kochs have offered @GOP 400 million$ 2 do tax reform 4 rich! Tax reform contains repeal of ACA drastic cuts 2 Medicare Medicaid!
#baloney
This is not the way to help the middle class!!!
Oh Roy, you spamming this doesn't make it any more true. This code is a debunked lie, stop propagating it.  #Liar #RecallBlunt
This code is synthetic repeal of ACA with drastic cuts 2 Medicare Medicaid! @GOP  given 400 million$ from Kochs 2 pass tax reform 4 rich!
Please specify which tax brackets take what cuts and how you will increase funding for schools, roads, state parks, and other needs.
We have been asking for this for decades. all we need now is the people we voted for to do ask we ask. Thanks for trying.
Yes we do. But this proposed plan is NOT going to achieve that for 99.9% of Americans is it Roy?
We do not need tax breaks for Billionaires.
Why not?
You are delusional. All that lobby $$ has pulled you into the depths. MO needs a senator that represents real people. #fakesenator

We need a senator who meets with his constituents Ol Roy.
Sad @GOP shares only a 1/2 Truth : "By 2027, taxes will rise for 25% taxpayers, ~30% w incomes $50K-$150K & 60% making $150K-$300K" #FlatTax
Tax rich people more. Capital gains tax. Whatever you have to do. Don’t cut services and slash the ultra wealthys taxes
The Rich don't need a tax break!!!
Those are great goals. Please stop working for the opposite of it, then. Missourians are not as stupid as you think we are. #ContemptuousAss
The People know @GOP r getting $400 million$ frm Kochs 2 pass #TaxReform which includes drastic cuts 2 Medicaid Medicare & ACA repeal @ABC
This is #taxcuts 4 the wealthy 1% & A SYNTHETIC REPEAL OF ACA! the People aren't fooled! @GOP get 400 million$ frm Kochs 2 pass @thehill
Show me Tax Reform that helps the lower & middle class workers, and raises the minimum wage to
As long as it doesn't pad only the wealthy.
We need a tax code where someone with 100x my ncome is NOT paying a lower EFFECTIVE rate than myself. Enough!
#TaxCuts #TaxReform
Senator, I'm all in when you talk about "more take home pay"and I wonder if you stand behind the President's plan as a way to do this.
Just line the rich pockets a little more! Nothing for the middle class, read it
When will u REALLY look out 4 hard working Missourians instead of ingratiating yourself 2 the 1%? They will benefit the most at our expense
Not THIS tax code!  When you take away state, local and health insurance premium deductions, it's just another way to screw the people.
We need a #townhall
So, if you decrease taxes will middle class take-home pay go up? Or will executives just get bigger bonuses? I fear the latter.
Do you have a secret plan that doesn’t cut taxes for the wealthy and put even more burden on the poor and middle class? Nope.
Only for the rich
For rich doctors, so I can "trickle down" on others! Ha!
We have been calling you out on the BS trash posts all week. The jig is up, Roy. Nobody wants millionaires' tax cuts (except millionaires)
Why don't you write one Roy!  Seems like all you can do is be an "advocate" for something, some one else did. Do u have an original thought
We need a tax code that doesn't benefit just the 1%. Missouri will remember.
True, just make sure the poor & middle class gets a tax break w/o cutting programs like Medicare or Medicaid. The rich don't need tax breaks
We need a senator who is for the best interest of his constituents and not mouthpiece for his lobbyist.
GOP tax plan = massive cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, health services, education. Big break for your donors upper 1% & corporations.
YOU LIE!
Says the co-conspirator, Trump puppet.
So you're against the proposed GOP plan which does the opposite of this, then?
This is a terrible bill that helps the 1% Repeating things over and over doesn't make them true
Your lying tweets are exhausting.
We need a tax code that will increase taxes on excessive, non productive wealth in the corporate and free loaded wealthy 3%ers.
This has been shown repeatedly to not be what the current "tax reform" plan does. You can keep lying, but that's all you're doing. Lying

We certainly do, and your plan crushes any chance of that happening. GET A LIFE AND PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY!
What about the deficit spending.  Wouldn't this add to it?   Your party did stand against during the last administration .
No it doesn't stop lying too the poor people. Vote him out.
We need a tax code that actually benefits lower-middle class Americans, not your rich friends and huge corporations. Trickle down failed.
Do you genuinely think the GOP "plan" will increase quality of life for working people like me? You are far removed from your teaching days.
Don't listen to the liberals, they would give their whole paychecks to the government, if they work
Lol are liberals scum bag mooches or out of touch elites? Pick one, dummy.
You know what would ACTUALLY encourage take-home pay? Raising the minimum wage! But that wouldn't benefit your millionaire donors.
We need a senator who is not a brain dead mouthpiece for his lobbiest
I'd love to see one that doesn't fill 1% pockets and defund CHIP. Sad.

I agree we need tax reform, but the idea is RELIEF for the middle class, not more income-shifting to the wealthy.
Tax cuts for your donors
So why are u pushing this shitty bill?
