Haven't seen a statement regarding what you learned.
you say that like learning facts would sway your position.  Or like your constituents might influence you vote.  #you'reguiltytoo
Investigating something Obama henchmen say there is no evidence to but let Hillary with pile of evidence walk SAD DAY FOR AMERICA!
stand up for what is right. Demand an independent bipartisan investigation. Don't be a coward or a coverup. One of those fits
Sessions speaking to the ambassador of Russia? Oh no! Stand behind Sessions. A phony accusation by liberal hacks. #liberaltools
You're a craven tool who does great dishonor to Missouri. Resign.
Well let's hope you put COUNTRY over party and get to the truth of the matter quickly.  Good luck.
#IndependentInvestigation  #Trumprussia #russiagate 
#TheResistance is watching how you represent ALL the people
, it is the lying that is the thing. Put Country  above party and do the right thing!
he lied. You need to hold Reps to the same standard you do Dems.
will you report all that you read at the CIA HQ?
Skit that trip and come have a town hall would be more proactive so they are sending in the small dog ?
Huh, I wonder how this will turn out, you "investigating" your friend Sessions. You're bought, you aren't impartial.
keep this in mind
Liars come in many shapes, sizes, and parties. The way politicians are handling these scandals proves none of you actually care.
REMEMBER, WE ARE WATCHING YOU IN MO.  COUNTRY OVER PARTY.
stand up for what's right; this isn't a democrat/republican fight...obviously something's going on otherwise why lie and cover it?
we Demand an independent bipartisan Investigation end of story!Enjoy your job while it lasts. #doYourJob #TruthMATTERS #Liesmatter
Missouri mom here to remind everyone that lying and name calling is never okay. Our leaders must be above reproach. #MAGA #Trump
Proud of you Senator Blunt!
Hold a town hall coward.
please do. I think we need a special prosecutor on this to avoid any hint of impropriety.
If you don't prosecute those that mishandled Classified Info in Obama Amd. how do you prosecute those going forward? Do Your JOB
needs to go kick some donkey asses....please!
From a constituent, we Neff an independent and transparent investigation.
Remember to fix those blinders you've been wearing firmly to your head. Would hate for you to see the truth. MO is ashamed of you.
How many times will you ignore your constituents and continue to back a corrupt or corruptable administration.  BACK MISSOURIANS
Note to Social Media Dir. judging from Twitter feedback to @RoyBlunt your guy might want to adjust his positions. Does explain no Town Halls
except we can't trust you to do the right thing.
Sure you will. Bring us a postcard to the next town hall.
Russia had nothing to do with all of us who voted for Trump &You all should b helping him not trying 2 destroy him&his cabinet.
and then call for an independent investigation?
PLs. investigate Russia - Iran/Arab secret deal Obama/Clinton/Kerry made w/Putin & ignore Democrat's 16election diversion tactics.
we demand a bipartisan independent investigate regarding the Trump administration's ties with Russia!
Please remember sir that you are required to uphold the laws of the land.  Do not shove anything under the rug.
@SenFranken Roy, let Al take care of this. Step aside Roy and let the big boys do their job. #NoConfidenceInRoyBlunt
@SenFranken Roy, L take care of this step aside and let the big boys do their process. #NoConfidenceInRoyBlunt
stay out of it please. I have no confidence in you.
he lied. What's there to review?
I prefer you stay out of it because I am concerned that you would just try to do the "Washington two step" with a cover-up.
Bipart. investigation is compromised. Are you? Interesting question. It's never to early to start working against your reelection.
Lead the GOP & show everyone it's far from fine to LIE UNDER OATH! You WORK for US. Call to #FireSessions. @KCStar @stltoday @kmbc
We the People are watching!  AND so are our children!  Do your job!
Can you also join McCaskill in calling for Sessions resignation?
oh, that's a relief. <sarcasm> I'm sure you will put country above party, right? 
drip drip drip. The dam is going to break soon Ol Roy.
you have got stop standing by this administration.
How can you complete an unbiased review when you've already stated you believe him?
Thank you so much!!!
Special prosecutor, independent investigation.
phew! Great. Wow now I can sleep at night.
Don't try and cover anything up please
Dems are delay and drag heels. Voters know. If we were stupid we would have voted for HRC.
Good to know you were equally annoyed at the heel dragging over Merrick Garland's nomination!
Then you will support a special bipartisan investigation of Russia ties, S27, right? That's OK. I like theater too.
This constituent in 63026 believes we need a Special Prosecutor.  It is past the time for this.
know what would be great? If you'd also hold a town hall so your constituents could share their concerns.
why not start with the obvious? Jail ppl seize assets! I want confidence restored to govt! The honorable today will b heroes!
great! And what will you do when you learn of the illegal activity? Do the right thing!
Remind everyone they need to put our country before their party.
umm I think you'd better do more than review. Take action & stop playing games. We want all GOP investigated if no action.
Find out why Democrats are war hawks now .
Our top cop lied and he should resign. Simple as that, it doesn't even have to do with Russia, it has to do with the truth.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION Sessions Flynn Trump Tillerson Russia   Sessions Flynn Trump Tillerson Russia   Sessions Flynn Trump
Good. Put this tired Russia phantom to bed. Route out the liars & leakers. #MAGA
This is BS and you know it! We in Missouri will replace you & all politicians with more 'Trumps' corruption is over! @McCaskill4MO
