https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/27/science/what-to-know-about-trumps-order-to-dismantle-the-clean-power-plan.html?_r=0 …
I don't know if I can take 6 years of lies like these. @RoyBlunt #peopleoverprofits
most Americans actually enjoy having clean air and water.  Please rethink your stand. Our children need you
wow you are talking about executive overreach while Trump issued more executive orders than Obama in the first 3 months of office
Seriously! History will show we didn't know the meaning of overreach before Trump.
.@RoyBlunt I disagree. But even if it was if the GOP congress would've protected American ecological integrity he wouldn't have needed to
right, I didn't want to breathe today. Perhaps you could explain your reasoning at your town hall #bluntexposed
coward
you can't talk about executive overreach when your puppet governs via executive orders because he can't get a bill passed
ROY doesn't care.  He's safe until 2022!  He was reelected in 2016.  We MUST be vigilant in MO and remember until 2022!
You need to be on Your Way out in Handcuffs along with the Trump Ass you kiss daily! You CROOK! HAIL PUTIN!!
yeah, regulating power producers so they don't poison us all is such a drag. I for one, really enjoy acid rain. /sarcasm/
bad news for ppl who breathe air
Rather than cling to the dying fossil fuel industry, why don't you support clean energy that can help #MO for decades! @RoyBlunt
Roy, maybe THIS time people will vote you out!  I've been trying for YEARS! Got my fingers crossed.  NO bipartisanSHP in the GOP
ignoring science at our peril. Terrible news.  I'm concerned for what my daughter's planet will be.
#notproud
Executive Overreach is when the courts start blocking your executive orders!
can you explain how this is good?
Because someone whose pocket he's in said so.
No Sir! The cost increase is corporate greed. I thought you were educated?!?!?!
but dark$ stays well entrenched you, Gov Greitens, Attornet Gen Hawley are sell outs and should be ashamed!
yeah Roy we would all rather get sick and die so you can line your pockets a bit more! We don't need clean air or water!
@JasonKander Coal runs Missouri's economy? Maybe if you came back to the state every once in a while you would know better.
When will we be seeing the reduction in our utility bills? Will it be enough to get medical care 4 lead in h20?  Sad
Never forget that @RoyBlunt $old out constits privacy http://bit.ly/2nzXTWK  for$185,000 in last campaign #HJRes86 Next time, #DumpBlunt!
you're supposed 2represent me; 64015. The majority of informed citizens from MO disagree w you & @POTUS #IndependentInvestigation
Looks like you were bought and paid for on this one too.
you're a sell out to a traitor with no integrity.
you do realize you and your children need clean air and water to survive, right?
By the way, can I get the name of your ISP? I'd like to contact them about buying your internet history.
Don't Forget @RoyBlunt $old out constits privacy http://bit.ly/2nzXTWK  for$185,000 in last campaign #HJRes86
Clean air and water are not partisan issues. Protecting them keep us and our children healthy. Use common sense. #MoEnvironmentMatters
Repealing this is a glaringly obvious travesty. Your constituent.
you are not my senator. You are a hack!
If you dismantle the policy i hope the pollution is dumped in your yard and not mine. Oh wait, that's right, you don't live in MO.
If you want to help Missourians, help us get clean air and water.  Quit voting to pad your pocket book.
do you even read the tweets that your social crew write? Your article was ridiculous. My utilities have not doubled.  Wake up roy!
what's glaring is your continued absence from Mo. #crookedroy
repealing is nothing but a break for coal company executives. Are you representing big business or the American people?
Enabler. To encourage or enable self-destructive behavior in another. In other words, you. Thanks 4 being consistently useless.
.@RoyBlunt good news for MO is when you resign
Where is your town hall this week or weekend>> we like clean air fresh water and clean planet go to a town hall we will tell you
can't wait to help get you voted out.
Hope those dollars today provide a healthy future for our children. #youneverceasetoamazeme
Know what else would be good for #MO?  A town hall w/ our senator.  Time for Roy to be accountable to his constituents...
as a constituent, I completely disagree. This is bad news for #MO and the world.
Quit talking about #MO when you clearly don't give a damn....
Bringing back jobs in dying industries (coal) to hasten the destruction of the planet is BAD news, sir.  No planet, no economy.
Wow. Every reply, save for an Infowars troll, disagrees with you. And we are your constituents. You are really bad at your job.
Gee, it sure would suck to have clean air and water.
as your constituent, I completely disagree.
SMH. So your state will be building more coal plants?
you disgust us
you are in no way pro-Missouri or even pro-humanity with your stance on the environment and healthcare
The future is not of importance to you?  Disheartening to say the least!
we could have had solar and wind power industries, now, the only thing that blows is you! Thanks for more pollution!
you mean the JohnBirchkochbrosGreitensDark$ not Missouri!  btw how's life in DC? Cuz you ain't Missouri!
You are so right...we don't need fresh air /sarcasm
Can't wait for my energy bills to soar when I get to run the a/c every day in February thanks to global warming. Thanks, Roy!
my my. You've been pretty vocal Senator Blunt. Let's see what the next several months before you start celebrating your wins
can't wait to see our rivers on fire. Yea right. Thx Ol Roy. #votehimout
. I've worked w/ DOE & EPA at WSRAP (superfund site in Weldon Springs). We will be going down this road again without the policies.
I'm a constituent and I completely disagree.
Now we need to get rid of Mcaskill, horrible senator! We need to give you someone to work with!
Thanks for protecting us against clean air & water. Obama was stifling my ability to breathe coal particulates. #freedom #MAGA
is so awful.  The worst for Missouri
Keep up the good work senator, these liberal/commie trolls heads are exploding!
*trolls' heads*
I'm starting to wonder if you have any supporters...
I can't wait for YOU to be on the way out, you sniveling, hypocritical, sleazy, cowardly, corporate lapdog.
That horrible overreach of trying to provide clean air and water for your grandchildren. What gall, being a good person and all.
Wrong. Bad news for MO and its citizens.  This will hurt the economy and will make people sick.  You = toady for energy industry
So you're anti-clean air? I can't wait to vote you out of office.
I'd rather breathe and have clean water than pad your donor's pockets. Also not a fan of increasing extreme weather events.
You are not a good steward of this planet, and you don't represent a great many of us in this state.
yeah I'll take all that gas and oil money looks I forgot Cole& buy you a new house n DC instead of Missouri change state residents
How is protecting clean air and safe water a overreach.  Overreach is the Russian influence in the Whitehouse.
yeah. It's not like people need clean air, or drinkable water. Are you really so blinded by party that you don't care?
are you referring to repeal of vital environmental regulations? We don't see how getting rid of clean air is good for MO.
