Hypocrite
Trump's strike on Syria was Unconstitutional. And why are you refusing to meet your constituents for townhall meeting? Afraid to hear truth?
The air strike was a hypocritical, theatrical, ineffective sham. In other words, it was exactly what you'd expect.
Do we have a single piece of evidence that Assad actually was the attacker? Because it doesn't make any sense given the circumstances.
.sooo, why did you oppose Obama in 2013? There were over 15X the number of deaths from that chemical attack, including “beautiful babies”!
your boss does whatever fox tells him
Please don't. Not while refugees are refused asylum.
It was a PR stunt and nothing more.  70% of our population did not fall for this bullshit!
no it's not and I'm one of your constituents, you will not have my support for pushing this lie.
Hypocrite
There are lots of things we'd like to discuss, like role of Congress in making decisions about using our military against a nation-state.
I don't forget that you had s totally different stance when Obama went to congress for the same thing.
But it wasn't in 2013? Don't think we don't pay attention to facts... loser!!! NO hypocrite #GOP is credible.
@RoyBlunt And yet you opposed Obama's plan to do the same? You certainly are transparent
Americans shouldn't die for Israelis Religious Wars - America First, not Israel First https://twitter.com/dustbrother1/status/850539438794919936/photo/1pic.twitter.com/5W62Cy10O8 
No further action.  We do not want another war! Accept refugees.
Putin set that strike up to make Trumph look good, spread your BS. You will lose the next election.
I'm not saying Assad didn't deserve a strike, but what was Trump's legal authority to do so?
One: you wouldn't let Obama do it. If he had, maybe no chemical attack happens.

Two: TRUMP MISSED. 50 missiles & it's still operational?!
So, we should just assume you're complicit in all of his insanity? Duly noted. You should note tho, this will be your last term.
Just curious though why in 2013 when Obama asked Congress to sanction him doing this, you didn't think it was a right response then?
Because he is a partisan hack that puts party over country
And enhances the safety of the thousands of US troops already there via Obama, who are within range of those #ChemicalWeapons
Trump deployed more troops the area just last month.
Being white is being right
How does the pat on the head and treat make you feel?  You are so ready to blindly follow whatever 45 tells you...it's gross. Ugh!!
Then why did you say no when Obama wanted the same thing? Oh wait! He was a black Dem. I forgot that neither of those groups count with you.
Missouri please get out and vote for Dem house/senate reps in future. GOP stinks with corruption, hypocrisy, lies.   We deserve better.
Even tho $90 mil worth of missiles didn't do enough damage to stop use of an airport? Just killed civilians - 4 children?!
Wake up.  It's Trumps way of trying to convince us that Putin's not his friend.
So 50 lives = 6 Mig-23 hangar queens?
Then why are we denying their refugees asylum? You must be for asylum if you're for bombing them.
Stop taking vacations and perform one of your basic tasks (not done in years) - pass a budget! 
http://www.defensenews.com/articles/manning-gaps-canceled-operations-and-broken-ships-on-tap-if-congress-cant-pass-a-budget …
Wrong
You support it now because it came from President White Face.
And done without Congressional approval
There you go again; sucking up to your boss! Such the "yes man"! You're pathetic for Missouri! @Indivisible_KC @clairecmc @JasonKander
Typical response from a neocon. Just like the good old days, huh Roy?
maybe if you would have let President Obama do something in 2013 when he sent it to Congress  this wouldn't have happened.
The Constitution should be more important than sucking up to Trump. #SAD
Then why didn't you support a similar action in 2013 when President Obama wanted to respond to Assad's chemical weapon's use?
#hypocrisy #SyriaStrike #TrumpRussia $90 Million #wagthedog
In 2013, Sen. Blunt opposed Obama's request for a Syria strike authorization: https://www.blunt.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2013/9/lake-expo-blunt-disagrees-with-obama-on-syria …

But now that Trump is president ↓ https://twitter.com/RoyBlunt/status/850425539907158017 …
Hip.O.Crit...
Hypocrisy knows no bounds with you!
No Congressional permission needed?
Congress is on the way out, stepping aside for Dictator Trump
Way to go 2  FACED Roy OBama tried u voted no  pull your nose out of mcconnells rear end and think for yourself like a true missourian
Oh u must. Be from Kentucky. Harry Truman would be ashamed of u.   Like most Missourians are.ULet us all down again
Yes may this make North Korea show that the President is not a fake.  And that this should make fake news shut down.
That was the perfect response to get everyone off of the FBI Russia investigation. Well played, Team Trump!
After he warned them
Was it? It missed runways and equipment was moved prior to, and the Syrian military carried out a strike from there hrs later. So was it?
Did u feel that way w REAL POTUS OBAMA?!
Tell me are you a fraud or just hate black people? The black guy in the WH you need approval white guy in WH great show of force.interesting
FYI:
JUST IN: Syrian warplanes take off from air base hit by U.S., carry out strikes in Homs countryside - Syrian observatory for human rights
@POTUS I hope you will stand with your constituents in supporting our desire to help Syrian refugees come to US. #NoBanNoWalls
However it did nothing, per report planes have already flown out of base that was hit
Wag the Dog
So telling russia what you are doing before you do it is good policy?
Lots of salty replies here, Ol Roy. You'd better jump ship before you go down with the orange one.
The right response would be for the US to take in Syrian refugees.
yes it was such a success. So successful syrian war planes are still taking off from the airbase we just bombed...distraction #TRUMPRUSSIA
So, are you going to authorize military action when Trump asks for it per our Constitution?
If selling Syria out to Putin is the objective, guess you may be right!  But what about people in Syria?  Where do they fit?
Anything to avoid #trumprussia #russiagate #MerrickGarland #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #kremlinklan #ResistTrump 
So you DO think the president can flagrantly disregard the Constitution. Good to know, Senator.
... But if the president is white, male and GOP-endorsed. Otherwise, they'll scream impeachment and treason.
I am just glad the NSC was restored with capable people who live in this reality and not some alternative reality in an alternate universe!
I thought it was the right response to distract us from his treason?
I think he should listen to this guy.
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
But done so illegally without consent from Congress....
