I got through but they never have a answer to my concerns and some are very rude.  #SaveACA  #MuslimBan #PresidentBannon
They always state that they'll pass my concern along but I think feel that they don't because he doesn't care
#BLUNTTRAUMA doesn't care for you, regardless if you are republican or democrat. He only cares about $$
I know.  He became a millionaire while in office.
interesting isn't it. How a senator becomes a millionaire while in office.  I want that gig
Well you could replace him next election, what issues do you care about?
Have voted against him. Quality education, disability rights, ACA
Yes to all of those things. MO Gov screwed us by not expanding Medicaid
His only statement since Trump took office
When will you hold a town hall meeting in St Louis?  #wepersist #resist
please vote NO for a Betsy DeVos as education secretary. Grossly under qualified and a terrible choice.
Republican base voters will forget/forgive what they were mad at you about in 5.5 years.  Believe me, unless you change,WE WONT!
We need a town hall meeting in Kansas City
Do you, senator, actually ever receive any of the feedback from your constituents?
You're not listening...#stopsessions #LetLizSpeak #TownHall #MO
Senator Blunt, please oppose Sessions. As a former Alabaman and current Missourian, I believe your constituents deserve better.
Reply to @RoyBlunt Here's the fact. KAC bitched about Nordstrom, then ended the interview saying to the people "go buy Ivanka's stuff"
When you finally do reply to repeated attempts, you tell us we are wrong and you don't care what we think. You need to resign.
@kimmie8264 - VOTE NO for DeVos and Sessions!
you have been wonderful @ replying to questions. TY for your commitment to Missouri
, Why? I've called and emailed over and over. You're going to do whatever Trump wants anyway. Calls are useless.
said "If you don't like the answers to the questions, you shouldn't ask them." In other words shut up America & constituents @GOP
because of you and Rush Limbaugh, I am embarrassed to admit I live and vote in MO
this is not something you can hide from. You were not elected to remain silent and follow your party blindly.
We want a town hall meeting in St. Louis. It's all over Facebook. We have concerns. You need to meet with your constituents.
it's time for you to have a town hall.  when will that be scheduled?
aft watching u on CNN u r a concern swamp in D.C. Is u. We will work against u bein reelected. Sad sack
you are going to lost your seat in congress in next election because you don't understand what is right and what is wrong!
we share our concerns but even though you hear them I don't believe you are truly listening. Disappointed in your votes this week.
Conveniently for you, this link DOES NOT WORK. Use your DeVos bribe $ to fix it. We are voting you OUT next election, pumpkin.
Doesn’t see the need to work with Dems, thinks this bill that cuts preexisting coverage is good. Contact @RoyBlunt  KC office 816-471-7141
I always encourage constituents to share their concerns. If your call isn’t getting through, please contact me here: http://bit.ly/2jwFAwt 
The last time I paid over $100 for a simple pair of shoes was, NEVER
Please schedule a town hall meeting in St. Louis!
how many calls, e-mails and letters asking you to vote no on Sessions did you receive? How many on DeVoss? Or did you vote party?
Your constituents want to know whether or not you support Pres. Trump's cowardly Muslim Ban. Please post a statement, sir.
OMG!!! Watched you on CNN...I can not believe you praised Kelly Ann Conway!  I'll NEVER EVER vote Republican again!
.@RoyBlunt ENCOURAGE WHAT? We all tried to use your site and call, and you IGNORE CONSTITUENTS. RESIGN OR FACE CONSEQUENCES.
I will vote againt you next time for silencing Elizabeth Warren.
What if the problem isn't that we aren't getting through, but that you aren't listening?
I got through. Was told you would do what you were going to do and my opinion didn't matter...
What?  That's unacceptable!!!
When are you going to tell you constituents your position on Sessions and DeVos? They are both utterly unqualified and DANGEROUS!
Blunt received donations from DeVos family.  Now you know his postition.
why bother? You vote your party with no conscience. Or you're just stupid. Which is it?
.@RoyBlunt THOUSANDS called and wrote to your office and we demand numbers. YOU asked for our input, we gave it $ you ignored it. Shameful.
It's not enough for us to share, you need to listen! 6 years isn't as long as you think.
I have concerns that Trumps #MuslimBan is creating Right Wing Conservative Christian terrorism like in Canada
Calls go through but my msg seems to escape you. Stop supporting Trump. No on DeVos, Sessions, Tillerson. Fight the ban. Stand up!
Exactly!
We'd like a town meeting in St. Louis
don't worry... We'll also be contacting you by showing up at your offices across the state and DC.
maybe we could just do a town hall in #stl?  I know some cool places.
I do, but feel you only listen to Republicans. That is all you care about. Screw those Dems! How do you keep getting elected?!
He doesn't care about Republicans either, or he wouldn't gut Obamacare. Missourians will be left w/o health coverage!
As a public school teacher, I ask that you vote no on DeVos! Your actions (and inaction) WILL BE remembered in 5 1/2 years!
curious are you a member of the teachers union?
Not a member of a Union.
We want a town meeting.
You've been contacted by Facebook, Twitter, online forum, calls and Missouri voters are still waiting to hear a statement.   Unacceptable!
@RoyBlunt  Your silence leaves me to believe you have accepted your payoff and sold Missouri voters up the river.
I'm contacting you here. I didn't vote for you, but you represent me. I didn't vote for you, but you work for me. STOP THIS
vote no for DeVos. Listen and respond to your constituents.
Received money from DeVos for his campaign.
wow
Shocking, right?  Appears his votes have been purchased and paid in full.
called his office to talk DeVos, Sessions, Gorsuch and Bannon. Apparently he has no position on anything
Oh, he has a position. It's under the thumb of whoever comes across w/money. And Repubs.
and since this post, he's been clear abt support for Sessions & Gorsuch. I keep calling anyway.
Really? None of us heard back...
I leave you a voicemail almost daily and will do so until you stand against the Trump administration.
@kimmie8264 - HELP US!!!!!
That would be @clairecmc  But maybe @RoyBlunt may have a moment and do the right thing.
- u never know! Crazier things have happened ... like this #SoCalledPresident
What a joke! Don't worry, you'll know our concerns, finally, when you have to find a REAL job. If you can.
when are you scheduling a town hall? Your constituents want to talk to you
it's disappointing that you tweet this but vote against the majority of the concerns voiced by your constituency
doing a fantastic job as always senator Blunt!
you have done nothing for your constituents. Their concerns fall on deaf ears.
When is Senator Blunt up for re-election? Thank you.
You CHOSE YOURSELF over the children of this state.  You should be ASHAMED OF YOURSELF.  Sincerely A MO voter who will remember
Maybe we need to take up a collection to pay for a meeting.  I've heard that money talks.
My calls are getting through, but I'm not getting an answer to my questions?  When is your next Town Hall meeting in STL?
what good was it to share since you had already sold your vote to Betsy?
You need to host town halls and get back in touch with those whom you represent #nodevos #SwampCabinet
I call - your staff hangs up on me as soon as I say why I'm calling.
unless the cabinet nominee pays you 33k. Damn you're cheap!
you are aware this link is not working, right?  How convenient.... A man for DC - but not his constituents....
You just don't listen to them, the people told you to vote no on #BetsyDeVos but you ignored us & sold our kids out
I have never voted for you never will but you still "represent " me stop supporting trump
we want a town hall in Springfield
why did you vote to silence warren she was only stating truth from the record we will not be silenced
he doesn't care about us, he cares about his donors.
I've seen your page. They are sharing, but you are obviously ignoring. #illigitimate
How do you compile these concerns?  Will you release how many people have called you, and what their stances were?
liar!! You are bought and paid for, you sold out our kids
we would like a town hall meeting in http://St.Louis.You  need to bring us along on why Devos is the best for the job.
BS. You could care less about your constituents; all you care about is your donors.
if you want to hear from your constituents, myself included, please hold a town meeting
shame on you for taking money from DeVos and then approving her! Unqualified!!!
shame on you for voting to silence @elizabethforma
hold a town hall mtg
I hope $33100 from @BetsyDeVos was worth the lack of education our children will be getting. #keeplettingusdown
shame on you. I hope you get voted out, and soon, and replaced with someone who actually cares about Missouri.
We expressed our concerns against DeVos. But hey, I guess as long as you're bought and paid for, all that matters, right?
Clearly. It's incredibly disappointing
alternative facts. Your vote to confirm DeVos shows that you could give two shits about your constituents.
Call his office. Demand he release constituent feedback logs. He ignored constituents - make him own it.
you make me want to move out of this state.
who do you think you are? Elizabeth Warren has every right to speak. You are an embarrassment to the state of Missouri.
You encourage us to share our concerns but completely disregard them. As a former teacher, your vote today was appalling.
Do you listen to your constituents? Do you care to listen to your constituents? With confidence, I can say NO you don't. #townhall
not sure why you didn't return my calls. You lost my support.
I'm concerned that you silenced @SenWarren while she quoted Corretta Scott King. Women won't sit down and shut up #LetLizSpeak
Why? So you can ignore them?
and yet the most unqualified cabinet member was able to purchase you for $33,100 despite what the constituents said?
you sold out our children's education for $30k and self-interest to be named later. You and DeVos are a disgrace. Just shameful.
it's not like you'll listen to your constituents though.
a town hall would also be a great way to contact you.
please vote #NoOnDeVos
Not surprised you voted DeVos in. I'll bet the children in your life can afford private school. #partyovercountry  #shame
YOU DON'T GIVE A RAT'S ASS ABOUT US. #WORSTSENATOREVER
and release income statement showing your donations from DeVos to compare the totals.  And drink some water, you look ridiculous
I challenge you to release the constituent count.  Let's see how the state that you represent  was actually represented.
oh man that's cute.  I can't imagine how many calls you answered yesterday and today about the qualified DeVos.
Why encourage your constituents to contact you when you clearly don't care about what they have to say?
Quick note for you--you may have missed this: it's called public service, not self-service.
Our calls get through in a literal sense (as in, we reach a live human), but there's still no evidence we're really heard.
Why try? Doesn't money speak louder?
called & contacted via the website SEVERAL times. So did 1000s of others. U still voted in DeVos. Despicable. #comeon2022
love how campaign funds mean more than your constituents. Shame on you.
Really?  You certainly do not listen to your constituents.  But we are portable. We can find you in Springfield.
Y'all would be more likely to get a response tweeting to Lady Gaga or Spongbob. Senators don't actually care.
1 of 2: Real question, @RoyBlunt. Is the pushback on Trump unprecedented? Doesn't this seem to go beyond party politics? ...
2/2 @RoyBlunt It seems like many Republicans have sold out their values because they prefer their team "wins", regardless of how or why.
Apparently the calls didn't matter. Only bipartisan agreement I've seen from peers thus far was NOT confirming Devos
Show us proof that more people wanted in MO wanted DeVos compared to those that didn't. I think you're full of crap!
he's a sell out. He doesn't care what the ppl of MO wanted. He just wants to make sure he keeps getting Devos $$.
You're exactly right.
I thought as a former teacher, you would care about our students, but apparently money is all that really talks. Shame on you.
we demand town hall meetings. You refuse. You do not care about what your constituents want. Stop saying you are
here's one.
You should be ashamed that you chose profits over the futures of Missouri school children in voting to confirm @BetsyDeVos.
Your greed was stronger than the will to do right by the children of this state and the country. Represent your constituents!
sell out. You've been bought and it's disgusting. Time to vote you out.
do you remember the day you sold out, or did you just always lack ethics? #$cracy #devos
You don't care about us or our concerns, you coward!!
I am going to hold you to your word. I just contacted you with a question on your website. I look forward to your response.
you could host a town hall many of us would love to meet you faceti face
Every politician who voted Y to confirm Trump's unqualified appointees: start packing. We're coming for your jobs.
I emailed. Not even a generic response or robo-email. But you turned that DeVos donation into a vote. Shame!
after I called you I still didn't feel like my voice was heard & have a feeling you voted against your constituents this morning
I called. I voiced my concerns about Devos & you didn't listen. Way to fail your constituents.
Our concern is your DeVos vote.  God damn son! You're in the money!!
hi senator. How are you spending your DeVos money?
Please tell me why you voted for #devos (other than the upwards of $30k she gave you). I'll wait. #devos
How could you support DeVos? Shame on you. We will not forget. #resist
why take calls if you're going to spit in their face and turn your back on them in favor of a bribe? How much did she "donate"?
Great job helping to confirm the least popular cabinet nominee in our nation's history.
my call got through to your DC off, but clearly not through to your head or heart!
You're a liar.  You don't give a damn about your constituents.
He doesn't care about anything but Money! How much did it take to bribe you #illegitimateSenator? #MoneyBeforeEducation #Resist
http://www.ksdk.com/votenow  95% say no. 5% yes and 2% unsure.
Disgusted that a former educator cares so little about the quality of public education that you voted for DeVos.
sold out children's education for $31,000. As a MO voter you will never have my support.
I hope you're ready for a fight. I will work my butt off to get you out of office. You're slime.
I think it's time for you to be recalled. You won't listen to your constituents, and you won't take our calls. #NotMySenator
- Of course that doesn't mean you listen to them, or act on what they overwhelmingly want you to do. Shame on you for DeVos vote.
sure would be nice to see a Man stand up and vote what's best for our schools and not his Party. #sad #sad #sad
oh we shared our concerns alright, and you chose to crap all over them. You are a disgrace to the state of Missouri and the USA.
What's the point of sharing if u don't listen! Your constituents pleaded #NoonDeVos; u confirmed her anyway. Political favors. smh
The majority of MO opposed SoE nomination and you still were a sell out. Thanks for reppin' us well. Ashamed of your leadership.
Sure, so you can give a generic canned response in return. No thanks, voicing my concerns to you fall on deaf ears.
concern is your vote for education DeVos was bought - money isn't equivalent to being able to actually doing a job.#nevervoteyou
.@RoyBlunt @WNYC @BrianLehrer  we must demand SENATORS release information on constituent calls/notes regarding #DeVosvote #PROTECTDEMOCRACY
and yet you refused to listen to our concerns about DeVos. Who do you represent? Missouri or the White House???
HAHAHAHA! You did NOT listen to your constituents re: DeVos. Shame on you.
How dare you tell us to keep contacting you when you have no intention of listening.  We will remember.
.@RoyBlunt .@RoyBlunt RELEASE NUMBERS of calls/notes regarding #DeVosvote  DID YOU LISTEN?@SaintLouisDaily @KCStar @KCMO
You've gone and fucked up yet again, Roy.  I see now who you really listen to, and it's not us.
So you can totally disregard the wishes of your constituents & pander to donors? I'll keep sharing, you'll keep ignoring. Corrupt.
how many calls did you ignore when supporting Devos?
.@RoyBlunt RELEASE NUMBERS of calls/notes regarding #DeVosvote  DID YOU LISTEN? @AP @nprpolitics @washingtonpost @CoMissourian @KOMUnews
this tweet is load of crap. Bought and paid for.
.@RoyBlunt  Missourians are watching you. You are lucky to have $$ for healthcare and doctors that grew up with  education. #DeVosvote CRUEL
Your debt paid NOW?  You are a liar and fraud. Love of money is the root of all evil and you have been that poster child too long!
.@RoyBlunt  WE ALL TRIED. YOU IGNORE US AND YOUR SITE HAS A 2000 WORD LIMIT. CRUEL. UNCHRISTIAN. ANTI-PATRIOT. SHAMEFUL. #DeVosvote
Why encourage constituents to share concerns when you blatantly ignore them? #DeVos #Resist #YourLastTerm
I hope you can explain to my son why you voted against constituents' wishes to ruin his education. You don't care about us.
You are going to get a LOT of calls for you horrendous decision to confirm DeVos.  Educators will fight this #VoteBlue2018
why? You don't care.
As one of your constituents I'm infuriated that you voted Yes for Betsy Devos. Clearly you don't care about the children of MO.
We shared our thoughts, but you don't listen.  #deVos #boughtbybetsy
how many constituents expressed opposition to Betsy DeVos?
you serve your own interests over your constituents. You do not represent us.
We contacted you plenty, and you still betrayed us by voting for a moron to lead our education system. How do you sleep at night?
