When I came to you with an unfair tax liability, you couldn’t care less.  No help at all for the little guy.  All in for. The top 1% tho...
Cutting the time I need to prepare taxes so you can give breaks to your rich cronies is not very appealing to me.
Another Koch check received.  Still trying to work out the schedule so constituents can get a price list for representation.

But not tax reform for the top 1% and finance it on the backs of the middle class!
Yeah let’s totes aspire to be broken Kansas and cut the budget for everything! Furlough gov’t offices! Close schools and hospitals! Fun!
By the way- totally willing to talk taxes when we see them from @realDonaldTrump. 

We need better healthcare first. Stop trying to gut it and defund the ACA. Reach across and work on improving it for all. Legacy is yours

NO WE don't need this tax reform, U greedy @GOP will take MILLIONS from Medicare NOTHING for the middle class it's ALL 4 U & ur @GOP buddies
Please don't reform while bloating deficit. House bill much better.
I spend more time dealing with health insurance than I do on my taxes. I spend more time dealing with students loans than I do on my taxes.
Hold a town hall @RoyBlunt we haven't had a single one from you. Why do the @GOP want to take from the poor, disabled & elderly? #TaxReform
LIAR
Trickle Down does not work. This tax bill helps only the rich.  Vote NO on the tax bill.
It's actually not that hard. It's driven up by those whose accountants overcharge them. People hiding $ from wealthy donors have this issue.
Translation:  Missourians spend ZERO hours this year with Roy Blunt at a town hall This is why we need to get rid of waste
Fake numbers.  I spend maybe 30 on mine and considering what I could spend it on, it's worth it.
I agree with a cleaner tax code, but the current version of tax reform is detrimental to your constituents who you supposedly represent.
The hours of work are done by the workers  Your Party is helping their bosses. The one percent can’t take credit for their hours
Id luke to see a Flat tax or 2 tier tax
I wonder how many hours people will be spending next year fighting with the health insurance co.  about how much money they owe and why.
Yo that crap didn't fly under Nixon or Reagan Only benefited the wealthy
How many man hours a year investigating gun crime
#NotOnePenny in tax cuts for the top %1. You do a lot of good things for MO, but your complacency with 45’s harmful EO’s are disgraceful
And your lobbyists family members suck the life out of the America workers
Adding 1.5 TRILLION to our National Debt, cutting 473 BILLION from Medicare and 1 TRILLION from Medicaid is not pro-growth!!
Simpler is not better in this reform
Hey Roy, just because you need picture books and velcro shoes doesn't mean the rest of us can't handle adulting. 

Simplify your donor list.
This is the same plan that was used in state Kansas?  Seriously ?
How much money are you going save ??
Not in my household
I don’t know what “simpler” means to you, but REALLY it does not mean “the very wealthy win and the middle class and poor lose.”
But keep state & local tax deductions!  And FGS, do away with the EIC wealth redistribution scam.  NO ONE should make money at tax time.
WH ECONOMIC commission even says this will give the rich more money, increase the deficit and nothing for the little guy.  Town Hall time!
Fewer slogans, more numbers. You have the power to lift up those in need and make the wealthiest help do the right thing by paying for it.

Americans also overwhelmingly agree that birth control should be offered for free,  but that didn't stop you from cutting it #sad
So you want to cut taxes for rich folks, then what? What about the other programs you’ve advocated for? How do we fund them? TOWN HALL, ROY.
I spend more time than that worrying about my healthcare, thanks to you.
If you want Americans to spend less time on taxes, then stop pandering to the tax prep industry and let the IRS auto-fill our tax forms!
Killing the Head of Household filing status would destroy a lot of income for the middle class you claim to care about.
I'm old enough to remember when Roy was against deficits...
Tax giveaways to the wealthy isn't reform. The last time Republican pulled this shit we lost 9 million jobs and caused a recession.
this tax code bad. shoild be no cuts to rich.  cuts to middle class a "wash-out". without deductions and with services being taken away.
The only growth under the GOP plan is in your donors' bank accounts.
Growth of the rich have a town hall meeting and lets talk about it!
Great talking points, but this isn't enough.  Where is the beef of it?
Ha. U make me laugh. Growth 4 donors/top 1%. Crooked Roy Blunt.
Sure, but let's go ahead and focus more on people who make less than, i dunno, $100k a year first, yeah?
Then eliminate the corporate welfare deductions.
you gonna make it better for your wealthy donors but I doubt for folks like me.  cutting rich folk's taxes has a greater impact.
Yes, we need a simpler tax code. It would be nice if you would be in favor of a fair tax code. Don't throw the middle class under the bus!
Just watched McCain man up and call Donald out on his "isolationist" crap. Bravo McCain!!!!!
So you want to unemploy over 70,000 tax preparers nationwide? How does that grow the economy?
For heaven’s sake, we ALL know that “pro-growth” is code for for “cutting taxes for the rich & corporations.”  Nice try, though.
Growth for YOU Sen Blunt and your buddies. Exactly what said.
Nice attempt at a spin job. Sorry though, we see right through your plan for the 1% by the 1%.
ATTENTION If you work in the huge industry of professional tax filers, unemployment is coming! Pray for unemployment insurance.
Approx. 24 hours per American adult. Does this number include career folks: accountants, tax lawyers, policy makers, gov't workers
What we need is a fairer tax code as well.  You aren't offering that, Senator Blunt.
Why is the middle class getting such a bad deal out of this tax cut? Why are the rich the ones benefitting, how is that Christian?
It's from the book of Republicanonican
Supporting this GOP plan that would take money from too many in the middle class and economically disadvantaged is why we need a new senator
Sadly we're stuck with Roy for quite awhile.  He disgusts me.
Agreed that the tax code needs to be simpler, but are you really going to work on that, or only on giving tax breaks to the rich?
Only 4 the rich, of course. He falls in lockstep w/ Trump & the rest of the GOP "leadership". If it doesn't benefit THEM it's no good.
