you are repealing with no replacement! Do not do this! #repealismurder
what a shame  maybe you should. Also get rid Congress and senators insurance see how that feels. That would save money
and yet again, you have no replacement.  Why is this hard for you all in the Senate to understand?  Where is the replacement plan?
Do you actually enjoy doing this? Twenty million people Senator.  How many in MO? What's your plan?
You are going to destroy so many lives. If you MUST repeal PLEASE have an alternative plan BEFORE taking away our only help.
at night, in secret, with huge tax breaks for the wealthy. #StayClassyCongress
.@RoyBlunt cowardly repeal without replacement is not for the American people. Millions will suffer bc you don't like Obama. #SaveTheACA
w/no viable alternative health care program in place B4 repealing ACA you have signed a death sentence 4 thousands! Bad 4ur Karma!
If you care about people in our state of MO, you will not do this.  Repeal is not the answer
Your constituents want and RELY on #ACA for vital healthcare. Protect 200k MO residents. Don't repeal without a plan.
, et al, took the #ACA from the people in the middle of the night like a #thief. No doubt his solution will cover next to nothing.
How does my family get healthcare without the #ACA?
I called @RoyBlunt 's office to get position on amendment to protect pre-existing conditions. Waiting for back #SaveACA
& FYI it was amend 61 to the budget resolution that is the pre-ex cond one. & I know the answer, Blunt voted no
it's disgusting that you're so anxious to leave people uninsured. How's YOUR insurance coverage?
- Shame on you. Such disrespect for the poor.
What is the replacement plan? People will literally die if you persist with this. Improve, don't repeal.
don't repeal it! Fix it!! #donttakeawayourhealthcare
Please listen to your constituents who do NOT want an #ACA repeal without a (superior) replacement plan at the ready. #acaworks
you're for sure murdering people, but don't let that distract y'all from your anti Obama pettiness
Shame on you and your colleagues for pushing repeal without a concrete plan/alternative. #SaveACA
Also, my older child has insurance thanks to ACA provision allowing kids on parents plan to age 26.
So sorry to hear this! ACA has done so much for so many, and y'all don't even have a plan! MO constituent here...pls reconsider
Interesting, because more people than ever are insured because of the ACA.  Thanks for the big screw.  #republicansdontcare
Irresponsible and Shameful! You have no replacement. This is life and death for many, including my son!
It certainly looks like you're throwing families like mine under the bus so some billionaires can have more tax breaks.
yuge mistake! #SaveACA
the #will of the people is to see a replacement plan before repeal. Do what your constituents want instead of you contributors.
I am an American & a constituent who's concerned for the 20 mln who gained coverage (per HHS) under ACA. What protection for them?
Saying you're repealing it for the American people is a lie. You're a liar. You're not a public servant. You serve yourself.
Tell us your plan to replace? If it's so great why are you hiding it! #SaveACA
what is the plan to replace it. this has a definite negative impact on hospitals physician offices and people who have the subsidy
So repeal before you create a new plan? What about Americans with a pre-existing condition? Shame on you!
I donated money to your campaign and I do not support taking health insurance away from millions of Americans.
How about you _start_ by showing us the replacement, and placing it as a one-move repeal-and-replace? Remember those now under ACA
You just voted to take away the healthcare of a hard-working, Missouri farmer. I hope you're proud of yourself.
that is not what the American people, nor the people of Missouri want.  Stop hurting your constituents and the country.
.@RoyBlunt We will not forget how you voted on this issue, Senator. #SaveACA
.@RoyBlunt This repeal, especially without even a glimmer of a plan for replacement, is irrational, irresponsible & will cause deaths.
.@RoyBlunt Missourians,your constituents, support ACA. I'm a small business owner, my family has insurance because of ACA. What's your plan?
Shameful, cowardly, self-serving, and irresponsible.
Thanks for taking away pre existing conditions. (insert sarcasm and my utter contempt for you here)
As your constituent, I don't believe we should be repealing Obamacare. If there are things wrong with ACA, just fix the problems.
It is irresponsible and self-serving of you and other Republicans to work to repeal the ACA with no other plan in place.
it's called the Affordable Care Act. And it's saving millions of lives.
And replace? 31yo business owner due in May. I would really like to not have to worry about losing my coverage before birth!
so no ACA and no PP leaves what options for women and reproductive health
How can you vote to repeal without a plan to replace?
Repeal without even articulating any sort of replacement is irresponsible. I'm self employed and rely on the ACA to get insurance!
doesn’t care about his people’s health. Last night he voted yes for reconciliation and to begin repealing the ACA. #disgusting
Senate GOP is keeping our promise to the American people, beginning the process to repeal #Obamacare http://bit.ly/2j4UxqK 
I’m disappointed you won’t stand up for your constituents. I’m in 64108 and you can count on people hearing about this.
Call it by its real name and quit trying to inflame people.  NO REPEAL of Affordable Care Act.
Shame on you for following the party line instead of looking out for your constituents. ACA Repeal will leave millions uninsured
The American people do NOT want the ACA repealed. You should IMPROVE it instead. Do NOT repeal-esp. without a replacement.
looking at a beautiful girl recovering from health issues who will lose all healthcare with repeal of ACA
You are my senator and I disagree with this repeal without any thought of replace.  Not representing me.
Can we Replace before we repeal and MILLIONS lose their insurance?
What is the replacement? Please don't leave your constituents, like me, without access to healthcare. Shameful politicking.
blood will be on your hands
.@RoyBlunt You should be ashamed of yourself. What kind of horrible person goes OUT OF THEIR WAY to hurt people like you do?
Do not vote to repeal the #ACA. Missourians will suffer and you will be to blame!
Except that the majority of American people do NOT want it repealed, especially when you use the correct name: ACA.
stop voting party lines and listen to the people of MO who want to #keepourcare. No repeal without viable replacement. #SaveTheACA
And leaving 22 million Americans out to suffer and die. Way to go. I'm a Missourian and you will never have my vote. #SaveACA
Typical GOP talk. Don't care about anyone other than themselves. Pretty much what I expected.
As a constituent, I would like to know what you plan to do for people with pre-existing conditions. People's lives are at stake.
Are you voting to get rid of your own health care?
shame!  will never be able to have healthcare insurance again with our pre-existing conditions!!! #saveaca
V. concerned about uncertainty of repeal w/out a plan & how it will effect marketplace for individual plans.
you misspelled it. It's L O B B I E S T.
this move w/out replacement only helps biz & wealthy not ppl who need health coverage
#Replace at the same time you #repeal
if you repeal without replace, what do I do? What do those with pre existing conditions do? What do those barely making it by do?
How can you possibly be pro life but want to take away life saving health care for millions? You're not. You're just anti abortion
We should get to see replacement 1st and be able to respond. Otherwise, it's like someone quitting a job without having another.
Mr. Blunt, I like the ACA. My husband is self-employed and he is on it. Don't replace it.  Leave it alone.
why did you do it in the middle of the night? Pretty cowardly action, IMO. Ashamed to call you my senator today.
How does he keep getting elected?
one wonders.
why do Republicans hate humankind?
My granddaughter can't get Medicaid in Missouri, if you repeal the ACA what are you replacing it with so she has coverage
question from a constituent, what will you do to make sure we have no loss or lapse in coverage or benefits?
you will be leaving me and millions of others without healthcare, with no plan of how to cover us. Shameful.
keep up the great work we believe in you
you don't have a viable alternative to #ACA other than letting your constituents die!
but you have no plan! You’re leaving us with nothing!
stop messing up my health insurance!
of people lose everything. It's not okay. #SAVEACA
disgraceful, irresponsible, and a huge mistake that you can blame no one but your own selfishness for when hundreds of thousands
What healthcare plan doe he have?
He's given options in marketplace-what the ACA was modeled after.
their health, their hard earned money, and possibly their lives. To vote to repeal the ACA without a proper backup plan is...
what is replacing it? @gop promised that too Where is that plan? Without it this is just a spiteful power move. Millions uninsured
I can't believe you would vote for this. You are costing thousands of Missourians and Americans, many of whom voted for you...
You are only caring about the rich, who are a small portion of the "American people"
This is despicable & deplorable. U cannot believe that eliminating health care for children is okay. Get a conscience, plz.
What does TRumpcare look like?
You broke your promise to Advise and Consent on SCOTUS nominees. Why keep a promise to hurt your constituents?
this is the wrong move. Your constituents will remember what side you were on.
And hundreds of thousands of Missourians who lose their health coverage won't forget.  Disgraceful.
How will father-in-law who can only work part-time and has preexisting conditions for both heart disease and cancer get coverage?
This is a terrible mistake that will cost the lives of many of your constituents. So ASHAMED to call you my Senator today
And what will replace? And what about those with pre-existing conditions? Those people have no guarantee of coverage now.
