Sen blunt don’t listen to these Twitter dummies. The people have voted against Obamacare since 2010 and expect it to be repealed.
Um...might want to pay closer attention to how many of us there are vs you. The people want ACA fixed or medicaid for all.
How many elections have you guys won. Oh ya none since passing that law. Keep believing those polls cause they are always right, RIGHT...
Who in there right mind wants big brother the gov running or controlling that which should be most important to u, ur healthcare. U guys
They have rigged the system to hurt the poor. How do think healthcare run by the gov will help the poor. It will hurt them just like
Everything the gov does.
Republicans have caused this thru failed actions & withholding $$. Listen to MO @ townhall maybe? #fakesenator
Simply another attempt to sabotage #ACA and the insurance markets
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10204643073627452&set=a.3017525607840.146542.1553621053&type=3 …
This is the stupidest thing I ever saw.  Obviously Blunt does not care for us!
Bullshit Roy.
Yep. That's his name: Bullshit Roy. Like all GOP,  he prefers Missourians die vs saving their healthcare.
I try to be civil on Twitter but Roy Blunt's shit stream has just been too much lately.
Quit whining and fix the ACA.  You can't come up with a better solution, can't repeal it, and can't keep blaming everybody else.
Stop lying. Many of us have figured out the costs are mainly increasing to yours and the GOP sabotage.
Tell your wealthy contributors and corporations to stop throwing up roadblocks at the ACA. No more partisan games. Work across the aisle.
Other states that expanded Medicaid aren't having the same problems. Why don't we do that?
Agree! So why can't the Republicans do what you all promised and repeal it?
So you want to pass a bill that increases premiums even more and kicks millions off healthcare?  How is that better?
They skyrocketed because our state did not expand Medicaid. Less players=higher costs.
Town hall in St. Louis to discuss! #votingforwhoeverhastownhalls
Columbia still wants townhalls too. Let's have a face-to-face dialogue.
Medicare for All!  Then we will have ZERO insurance premiums.
Your Link is broken, much like the R’s attempts to wreck health care @RoyBlunt @RoyBluntMO
Then u should support Medicaid expansion and vote down tRumps tax plan for the rich. We'll hold our breath for u 2 do the right thing
Glad that you support but why is the Senate incapable of getting it passed? Republicans are showing they are very inept.
This just in: "It turns out that people actually do want health care now and not the nebulous promise of health care in the future."
You are not fooling anyone. Tax cuts for the rich!
Then fix it!!! Don't throw people off insurance and Medicaid.  #lies
How about a Medicare for all system where everyone has coverage and can see a Dr when they need to?
Bring on that relief
what?!?!  Weren't there any radio stations left to appear on today to avoid talking to your constituents? <gasp>
You and your co-conspirators could have taken steps to alleviate that over the last 8 years instead of the circle jerk you engaged in. #hack
Then why don't you work across the aisle and fix it!
MO families can't afford health insurance at all at $2200/month with $10.5K ded.  & 60/40 coverage.  You disgust me.
Rates are going up because the WH &/or Congress is allowing the insurance market to become unstable due to lack of guaranteed subsidy pmts.
It's called Affordable Care Act! Continued use of the GOP coined term keeps divide going & gets nothing accomplished
Why not acknowledge you are the reason for a LARGE portion of the increases?  Be intellectually honest.
You don't care. You're covered by your job without question. Insurance wasn't available to me through work until ACA. Enjoy your lobbyist $
@thehill Sen Blunt, ACA can be fixed, unlike GOP Trumpcare bills! Stop trying to cut Medicaid, Medicare & pre-existing conditions! Be for us
GC would have boosted premiums by >$4k, and you supported that. Stop pretending you care about us our our costs.
Okay so you want to deny that Obama care has helped the premiums from being higher than with out it...wtf
Fix ACA!
Link above says ERROR/ this page is unavailable. Appropriate as your constituents want you to work toward improving ACA not killing it 64086
Implementing Obamacare would have helped a lot.
You and your republican colleagues had 10 years to come up with an alternative to "Obamacare". You failed. Miserably. About 50 times in fact. So buck up and get to work on improving the ACA. It's here to stay.
It's time for republicans to work with democrats to fix the ACA. It took many, many tweaks to make Medicare and Medicaid work properly.
How about a hefty tax on Wall Street's casino speculative trading?
Premiums were expensive before ACA..
You are an embarrassment.
The blow by blow of republicans sabotage
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/10/04/obamacare-exchanges/%3fsource=dam …
1.#ExtendCHIP 2.#ObamaCare has given access to those in need 3.Bipartisan revision is welcome w/o ruining healthcare for those that need it
You're trying to get rid of healthcare & the big pharma wins same for your tax reform. Only big biz wins. Trickle down is a myth.
After blocking ACA for years Reps try to blame it for rising insurance premiums.
Tax payers paid for 18 months for congress to develop a health care plan, the ACA. Fix it, make it better, make it work for all.
It was because of the GOP refusal to fund it that it's failing
Premiums up bc Reps consistently voted to defund ACA. Shameful & selfish  way to treat Americans! Never allowed to function as designed.
You have supported legislation that would have made insurance for my spouse unaffordable or not available.
Who?  Rich families?  Sigh. You all are just bold faced lying. You're not even trying to hide it.
Quit sabotaging Obamacare to prove your point! Work with Dems to make improvements.
Actually, #preventative health services will drive down costs for #MOfamilies. Acute illness is expensive if untreated. Thank you #Obamacare
No matter how you spin it Roy, even your base knows your do-nothing approach is the reason for any failings the ACA is struggling #fixit
Stop sabotaging Obamacare.  Work with Dems to fix what is broken.  You hate Obamacare but you can't repeal or replace it. Stop the madness.
You're a liar. You misrepresent the truth constantly. You're losing you fucking loser.
help for Puerto Rico.  Why isn't congress lifting Jones Act?  This is an humanitarian crisis happening to US citizens.
What you say and what you do are two separate things. Does the Koch bros’ $ affect your brain? Maybe you should use your taxpayer healthcare
ACA enacted as designed, would lower premiums.  Every repeal legislation so far has even higher costs.  GOP needs to listen to voters!
Really, you don't have to lie. You can tell the truth and actually try to do good for your constituents. Dems do it all the time.
News flash! Open the market to the healthcare you and your fellow house and senate members get, and Medicare buy-in. That will lower cost.
He doesn't hate needy
Hate requires acknowledgement they exist
That's too close to caring for Roy
Roy wants them to die quietly & disappear
Which Missourians are yo speaking of? The rich or the poor?
Work with Dems to fix #ACA. Your constituents would love to discuss at your next town hall. #townhall #Countryoverparty
Liar! Liar! Liar! #MODeservesBetter #BetterWorld4All
Was really hopeful you'd add in the 'pants on fire' portion of the song but understand Roy's so covered in swamp slime his suit is fireproof
I get the feeling you think no one is paying attention.
Expand Medicaid! ACA sabotaged in MO by GOP.
ACA is sabotaged across US at a federal level.
Hmmm...no wonder you want internet in rural Missouri, no one here supports you #lamegop
how have the costs skyrocketed compared to what they would have been under status quo?
And yet, you and the @GOP are completely unable to come up with a quality alternative, despite having years to work on one.
I know you will do everything you can to sabotage Obamacare instead of trying to fix it and help people.  Why do you hate your constituents?
But we can afford #$50.000 dollars for private plans for the elite Dr Price and around the clock guards for the elite Scott Prueitt
You just said you'd support Graham-Cassidy, which would have raised premiums by $140k+ for some Missouri families. You don't care about them
Shut up Blunt
They couldn't afford graham cassidy either and you supported it. 
Don't act like you care. It's obvious you don't
At least they didn’t get the even more expensive TrumpCare. FIX the ACA or go Medicare for All.
