Comey is a criminal. So is Rosenstein.
Thank you senator.. God bless you
Maybe you could appoint Kislyak?  Or Lavrov?  Cut out the middle man is a good business maxim.  I think the #PresiDonT would like it.
Trust Mossad more than Comey FBI . Perhaps we should ask Mossad to find our traitorous leakers .  Trust in US Gov't. still declining .
Very sensible comment Roy.
Obviously tweeted before the news that Trump fired Comey to obstruct justice.  Want to tweet something not laughable now?
Do you support an independent special prosecutor to investigate the Trump/Russia connection?
I want to know the answer to this question, a concerned constituent of Roy Blunt.
He doesn't respond to his constituents. It's infuriating!
Just came back to see if he responded. You're right Eileen. I thought so but gave him chance. He proved you right...unfortunately.
I have never known him to respond. He puts out statements and then avoids hard questions. #cowardly
And we could have had the full engagement of @JasonKander. We need to work to get someone that will listen to all constituents.
Unfortunately, with this last election, Blunt is sitting pretty for awhile. It would be nice if he'd at least hold a town hall. But he won't
Agree!
Comey is a fixer, for all the criminals. Has been for decades, the truth will set him free. #FISAGate #ObamaGate #Treason
Q today: “BLUNT statement.”
You could have been in front! You sacrificed your dignity,  legacy, and I hope your job. County before party.
Thank you, Senator Roy!
https://travelingpoet.net/2017/05/12/the-optics-of-trumps-january-27th/ … --that's one treasonous workday. Take action. #18days
His oast service is appreciated but way to mixed up in the Obama/Clinton/Lynch debacle
MO voter here asking you to request an independent investigation. Do you represent me or not?  63122
Traitor. You and other members of the GOP will live to regret your decisions. This administration is corrupt snd you are complicit.
Confidence can only be restored once unlawful actions of the past get properly prosecuted and criminals punished. The people will neither forget nor accept retirement instead of charges.
Thank you
Why not call for an independent investigation...Are you worried something will come to light?
#TickTockBarack
I think new leadership in your seat would do a lot to restore my confidence in congress as well.  See you at the polls.
No more money should be allocated to an investigation of Trump.  6 months is enough with no evidence. Investigate Clinton foundation
very sensible Roy
what a joke.  party over country is all you are for. investagating trump so he fires him and no responce from you?  a joke
The Trump cronies are probably at FBI headquarters right now shredding the evidence.  You're going to turn a blind eye to that???
bye bye
@RoyBlunt some consistency from the people who represent us would be great. Can't wait to get alit for the elections coming up....
He just got elected for another 6 flippin years!
Six years of 
comey covered up hillarys crimes murders for many yrs,russia used coverup for seth rich murder truth is truth
You drank the kool-aid. #45 - dictatorship in the making, America laughs,SERIOUSLY ! Like Hitler, he will succeed if not stopped.
Please push for a special prosecutor. What do you have to lose by pursuing @POTUS. @VP would make a better POTUS.
And one more person looking into Potus connection to Russia. Gone. He's a crook. History is watching you and your inaction sir
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Plz agree that the timing could not be more suspicious. Do the right thing and call for an independent investigation. , a constituent
Not suspicious that he was investigating Trump or anything.
Comey did his job and was removed because of his investigation of the Russian - Trump relationship
You ate worthless if you do not agree with an independent bipartisan investigation! Tell @SenMajLdr to set a vote!
You are aiding and abetting a Russian administration in the US, you are pathetic
then you are part of the problem.
Don't care that he fired him. Timing  is suspect. Who will continue investigation?  Will investigation continue?
Confidence in the FBI has been destroyed due to Comey's unprofessionalism.  Good riddance!
You're a hack.  We'll remember this when the Russia investigation comes to a head.
@RoyBlunt Please do the right thing! Insist on an independent investigation of #Russiagate #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
We are turning into a Banana Republic and you arent going to do anything to stop it.  Shame!
So you support Trump and his ties to Russia? Call for an independent investigation. Also, you VM is full and you are too chicken to hold TH
Mr. Blunt - Please stop putting your party over your country.
Mr. Blunt, as a MO citizen I don't think this  is good enough. History books will be rewritten & I hope you'll be remembered as a patriot.
We need to find somebody to restore confidence in the office of Presidency. You're just another party over country hypocrite...sad.
I think we need investigations into the @GOP that is supporting Trump despite all his exess, rants, nepotism, corruption and Russia ties
I cannot swallow those loyalty-based words. As a registered Repub I tell you my confidence in Comey remains Not so  on ur commitment to me
Almost EVERY comment requests an Independent Prosecutor, but they will fall on deaf ears. He doesn't care about what constituents want! #SAD
I'm a MO constituent. Direct Q: Will you press for independent investigation & special prosecutor regarding Russia/DJT? 63052
You can only avoid us for so long before you have to crawl out of DC & beg for votes. Hold a town hall & start protecting our interests.
Support an independent investigation now or prepare for your last term. #ResistTrump #RESISTANCE #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Will you support an independent prosecutor? #comey #dictatorship
The FBI's leaders should not be Trump's cronies! Letting Comey finish his investigation of Trump was how to restore confidence. #TrumpRussia
Restore faith?! Trump fired the man investigating him! This is the behavior of a dictator. #shameonyou
Why are you standing in the way of the truth? History will remember you as a co-conspirator.
And do you have ANY concerns over the timing?  #CountryOverParty
The timing is suspicious. There was no urgency. No successor to step in. This will not help the FBI.
I live in Missouri and that is way too simplistic.  I am in law enforcement and the timing stinks.  He was investigating Trump.  Do your job
We must have an independent prosecutor to investigate ties between President Trump and Russia. Please do your job.
Why now? Coward.
Either demand there be a special prosecutor or admit that you're willing to trade our sovereignty to Russia for party control.
Holy mother of God. The president is obstructing justice, an impeachable offense. He fired Comey b/c he would not agree to stop grand jury.
Don't think so, especially since I hear that Trump's considering the odious and corrupt Guiliani for the position.
Stand up for Missouri and the rest of the country by demanding an independent investigation.  Anything less from you makes you complicit.
So you don't think the timing of this is a bit Watergate? Help stop the focus on Russia, employ an independent prosecutor, please.
#gopcoverup
my God!!!  Are you even an American??  Do you not hear us? Your constituents!!
@RoyBlunt it would be politically advantageous to seize this opportunity to demand an independent investigation into Trump/Russia, be wise
@RoyBlunt Missourians want you to request a special prosecutor complete Comeys investigation! Time to represent us and stop protecting Trump
The people of this country demand an independent investigation. Country BEFORE Party!
Shame! Shame! Shame! We need a special prosecutor NOW! #Comey #Trumprussia
You are a disgrace to the office you hold and an abomination to the oath you took. Much like the president is.
You are ignoring the much larger issue here--we MUST have an independent investigation into Trump's Russia ties!
Do you remember saying we needed a thorough and trustworthy investigation of Russia involvement in our elections? Please follow through.
1st question) when in the last year did you speak out about reservations re: Comey?; 2nd) did the WH write your statement?
#CountryOverParty or r u Complicit 
How stupid do you think your constituents are? Trump-Russia a vital national security matter. No whitewash!
Insist on a NON-PARTISAN Independent investigation immediately. The very constitutional foundation of our country's democracy is at stake!
The president fired the man in charge of his investigation. Did you miss that detail!?
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR - NOW.!! Are you a patriot? Do your duty to the American people. You work for us, NOT Trump!!!
@PTOUS gave the country, FBI,Constitution & democracy the middle finger today to meet w/ Russians at WH behind closed doors. ZERO confidence
Amazing how you fail to comment on Trump firing the man who was investigating Trump just days after grand jury subpoenas were revealed...
...and just one day after it was revealed that Comey had asked for investigative resources. This is textbook obstruction of justice.
There is absolutely no rational argument against an independent commission. If you think Trump is innocent, a commission would exonerate...
...and if he is truly guilty, he absolutely should face justice for his crimes.
The only reason to object to an independent commission is if you happen to know you're complicit and will burn with the criminals.
Is that why you don't call for such a commission, Senator?
I am disgusted and ashamed that you "represent" me. You certainly don't do well at it. Grow a spine and stand up for America.
You need to make sure there is an independent investigation regarding Russian influence in our election/collusion between WH officials
It's possible 2b critical of Comey & seek special prosecutor 2 investigate Russian ties It would go a long way 2 restoring public trust
Please support an independent investigation into Trump/Russia.
RIP Freedom of the Press.
What are you trying to hide? Are you implicated somehow in #TrumpRussia? No other reason to support this undemocratic move.
You are guilty on every level of not representing your constituents, by refusing to meet with them. You are now Totally off on this.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OF RUSSSIAN INTERFERENCE AND COLLUSION!
Blunt is what MO got voting a straight Republican ticket.  Well thought out MO. Blunt family thanks you.
You do realize that you are on the wrong side of this history don't you?
A grotesque abuse of power.
Weak. #SpecialProsecutorNOW
Let's hear it for Senator Sycophantic Roy Blunt!
The only thing you could do to restore my faith in the current government would be a vote to impeach Trump.
Would you have supported Obama firing Comey for the same reasons?  I doubt it.
I CANNOT WAIT UNTIL YOU ARE OUT OF OFFICE
When Trump goes down, we'll remember who stood up for American democracy, and who sided with Russian traitors. Shame on you sir.
UNACCEPTABLE.  Trump fires man in charge of investigating his potential TREASON?  USA now a banana republic? Lost my vote forever
You are complicit in cover-up. We see you. We demand independent special prosecutor for Trump/Russia investigation.
Unacceptable!!!! Country OVER party!
Problem is, POTUS is an idiot. Who can trust decisions by this admin? I certainly do not.
What is the harm in assigning a special prosecutor to investigate the Russion/election issue?  If nothing is there, then no worries....
The timing of this is a HUGE red flag that POTUS is willing to do whatever he wants to protect himself. Our democracy is at stake. Shameful.
We can't stop you from being partisan-but this is an issue that should be above partisan victory.  Our national security is at risk.
Roy likes making statements he does not want to hear from Missouri voters.  Remember he feels safe he just got back in for 6more right roy
Firing without any investigation done by people who have recused themselves from the Trump-Russian connection doesn't restore confidence.
@RoyBlunt your Comey tweet shows you are no Patriot to the constitution.Trump fires all 3 people investigating him and they're the problem?
Coward!  #SpecialProsecutor now! #DoYourJob @realDonaldTrump is a liar. American public needs bipartisan investigation of #Trumprussia
Traitor.
Sounds like the FBI is becoming the secret police.
You are such a weasel! Do you hear your constituents demanding you protect our sovereignty!
@RoyBlunt
Please recognize firing was entirely about Russia. Join bipartisan calls for special counsel. I could be proud to be your constituent.
I called your Washington office at 9:10 am CST this morning and got a message it was closed.  Why?
If there is nothing to hide, an independent investigation must be formed. This is what your constituents want.
This is the time for you to take the side of patriotism over partisanship. An independent prosecutor is needed to save our country. Please!
Not acceptable. We need an independent prosecutor, stat. This is a constitutional crisis and if you don't step up our country will falter.
we need a special prosecutor. get on it.
This is a defining moment for the GOP. We all know why he was fired. Do u have the courage to say it and hold Trump accountable? So far no.
This needs an independent investigation!
Shame on you and the rest of the GOP. You will be judged by History!
We need an Independent Commission investigating Trumps ties to Russia NOW!
Whose confidence will be restored? You and shake mine every time you ignore your constituents.We need an independent investigation.
A lot of us are feeling that new leadership in Congress would be even better.
Enjoy the remainder of your term, it will be the last.
So the timing of this is not suspect to you?  Oh of course not... That's right you're a Monsanto man.  Selling corn in Russia by chance Roy?
Why aren't your staff answering your phones so that your constituents can voice their opinions on this statement?
Remember who elected you. November, 2018 gets closer every day. We are losing confidence in you, not the FBI
I can't believe all the so called Missouri people being su h liberal bunch come on Comey needed to go and Mr Blunt. Tells it right
We need an independent investigation. Don't choose party over country.
Please restore confidence in our senate. Request an independent investigation.
Are you kidding me?  You applaud him in July but agree to the firing because if that?  We see through your lies. Independent Counsel!
You are a huge embarrassment to the state of Missouri and your country.
So, in other words, the president obstructs in the investigation of his own campaign, and @RoyBlunt is like "whatevs"?
Blunt would eat a yard of Trump's shit just to get as near to the source as possible. Blunt is so stupid that he thinks WE believe HIM!
It's eroded the public's trust in this http://administration.Trust  in the GOP: erode if they don't appoint an ind. special prosecutor.
You are a coward @RoyBlunt
This is very disappointing.
This is partisan BS and you know it. Demand a special committee to investigate #TrumpRussia. Down let him take you and other conservs down!
do not let this stop the Russian investigation
You need to call for a special prosecutor or you will be complicit.
Please listen to the people you're supposed to be representing and not an unstable man. I haven't seen you do your job since November.
Remember. We are all watching. We all remember. You cannot hide from history.
Must. Do. What. Cheeto. Tells. Me. To. Do. #draintheswamp
Your constituents demand a #specialprosecutor. Will you listen? Nope-you never do! You're a failure!
Missouri voter here...are you going to call for an independent investigation or are you going to put party over country?
You are better than this. Checks and balances man, come on. Checks and balances. Not party-line. MO deserves better.
But...you didn't say so at the time. No political courage.
I live in MO. Never lost trust in Comey and you should call for a special prosecutor now. Country over party. Be a leader, not an enabler.
And the Congress should take NO ACTION on any legislation until this is investigated and resolved.
If you truly believe in restoring confidence in our systems, you will support an independent prosecutor.....NOW!
Now would be a good time to step up and place country over party.
Old Roy, You no longer serve the people of Missouri. You are a traitor just like 45. I'll be glad when you are removed from office!
Is that truly the best you can do? Are you standing firmly in support of @realDonaldTrump in The midst of #russiagate investig'n?
To restore confidence in the country, a special prosecutor to investigate Russia is required. Support a special prosecutor, Your Constituent
Independent Prosecutor Now!
Impeachment for Obstruction of Justice! You Retiring? Cause if you Obstruct You Are Gone too!
#CountyB4Party
He may not have been perfect but the timing of this and Trump's praise of Comey's behavior make it unbelievable.
You are a shill for the Russians!
Country and our Democracy over Party. We demand a Special Prosecutor to look into the Russian attack on our election process.
The firing has destroyed confidence in the independence of the organization, not restored it. Only an independent investigation will help.
Your constituents overwhelmingly support an independent investigation. Do you?
