American test scores are only up since the implementation of Common Core.
how do you measure an education?
again how do you measure that? You seem to suggest testing has no purpose.
testing can evaluate the quality of the curriculum, the effectiveness of the schedules and yes students
Please put our Country & the children ahead of Party politics. You know in your heart that @BetsyDeVos is not qualified (Mo resid)
@ShowMeStateKC @RoyBlunt @BetsyDeVos most affective if you call. Numbers at the bottom of the site.
call, email, tweet, post on FB and his website. He still does not listen!
yep, we did all that!
@JasonKander I say we work RIGHT NOW to make sure Blunt doesn't see another term
unfortunately-reelected last year- stuck with him for a while #WeWillRemember
yea, I know - not again! :)
didn't you say you were waiting to see what constituents said when we called?  Release the numbers then to show you listened...
I would love to see those numbers myself.
I believe we can through a FOIA request
As a teacher you will never get my vote again! SHE GAVE YOU MONEY PEOPLE REMEMBER THIS NEXT ELECTION IF YOU DON'T VOTE NO#BLUNTOUT
so "closer to where kids are" means your wallet? Sad, do the right thing for Missouri's schools and students.
Her nomination should not have been confirmed. She is absolutely unqualified and harmful to our public schools. Very sad.
your statement gives no actual reasons why she is a qualified candidate and you are turning your back on Missourians
funny, I care about all kids having access to special education regardless of what state they live in. Do you?
You should be ashamed!
you will remember this day when you lose your next election
We appreciate your astute wisdom in this matter!!! Thank You for your service to our Country!!!@POTUS @VP #draintheswamp
astute wisdom?  He is a follower, and is clearly not listening to his constituents.
sellout
You put out a statement and then hid from your constituents. Were you busy counting your $33,000 pay off? Shame on you!
do what is RIGHT and oppose her. although i doubt you'll actually listen to the people considering she's given you $60k+ 
lol i knew you wouldn't do what's right for the public. disgusted that you were elected. you don't represent the people.
please listen 2 people of MO before you vote. As a parent, I am appalled that she would be in charge of my children's education.
Other then the general election - the selection of DeVos concerned my children.
I have never been more disappointed in my elected officials than I was today when I saw you put party and $$$ before our children.
You were wrong and we will remember how you treated the school children in Missouri. Shame on you. You were a teacher!
Way to look out for kids with special needs. #DeVos bought your vote. You pretending otherwise is beyond offensive.
So basically you ignored your constituents because she paid you $33,000 to ignore us?
Yes to DeVos??? REALLY? As a former teacher you know better. Why are voting against the people? NO TO DeVos
Sir...she is ill qualified to serve. No knowledge of the job or department. Michigan is a wreak due to her  NO NO to DeVos
has lost my vote in 2020. His vote can obviously be bought.
What's your plan to advocate for MO pub schools now that your choice for Sec of Ed advocates pub school $$ for pvt school choice?
Thank you Senator for screwing my children who are enrolled in a public school in your state.
She isn't qualified for Sec. of Ed. MO schools rank 32nd. Your priorities should be with MO's kids, not to her for contributions.
will we be able to bring guns to school to protect against grizzlies?
I've read your statement but nothing about Betsy says local control of ed. Her record shows commitment to corporate control of ed!
Not enough information to make the decision to choose her.  #baddecision
Thanks, now our kids can use their DeVos diplomas to get into Trump University
YOU SOLD US OUT
@jrosenbaum this woman has advocated sending children to Coal Mines to work
Coward
You represnt US! Prove DeVos is not in your pocket! 66,000 MO teachers are watching to see if you listen or are simply bought.
Stand up and vote no on this incompetent woman. Mo does not need her over Education. How much is she paying you?????
We are watching in MO. Red and Blue educators in MO are united. No on DeVos.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/how-betsy-devos-bought-a-governors-race-for-roy-blunts_us_5894ef9fe4b0985224db551d … The Show Me state is watching
Say no to DeVos.
Devos is unqualified for the job. MO kids deserve good schools! #NoonDeVos
Missouri needs stronger public education, not more charter schools (more likely to fail). #NoonDeVos
just once listen to your constituents and carry out their wishes (which is what you're supposed to do) and vote NO for Betsy DeVos
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/how-betsy-devos-bought-a-governors-race-for-roy-blunts_us_5894ef9fe4b0985224db551d?utm_source=fark&utm_medium=website&utm_content=link&ICID=ref_fark …
I emailed u about Betsy Devos & u replied about Jeff sessions? How do u justify the Devos vote? Oh wait https://www.google.com/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5894ef9fe4b0985224db551d/amp?client=safari …
we ask that our students be able to describe, explain, create & problem solve.  Please do any of previous to explain your position
there are over 800 opposition comments here. Wake up!!!
please vote no. We deserve a qualified candidate that will support public education.
It's not too late to change your mind. Vote No on DeVos.
you can't possibly believe this is true. Please rethink.
to put this BLUNTly...please #StopDeVos
Thank you for your yes vote for Devos.  May the current monopoly fall. Think Netherlands model people.
For the sake of our children's & country's future, please listen to the voices of reason and reconsider your position on DeVos.
you are so out of touch with MO now. You won't listen to the teachers, schools, and colleges in YOUR state. #AllAboutTheMoney
how much money had Betsey DeVos donated to you? Talk to your constituents. MO says no.
NO ON BETSY DEVOS
It's become blatant that you were bought out for your vote. Do your job and represent your people. We don't want her.
please VOTE N O ! do it for Missouri's public schools
Please reconsider your support for this grossly unqualified candidate.  Her policies will decimate public schools.
is there anything the Republicans do that you disagree with?  I read your posts and you sound like a well paid puppet.
that's you with Missouri education thanks
yeah I let her be there and then we can start busing children from the country to the city to find a school and that's not cool
please read
Listen to your constituency. NO for DeVos. Rise up.
You are clearly representing your own interests and not those of the children of Missouri or the United States. Do what is right.

#BetsyDeVos company Amway's 2/10 top markets were Russia & Ukraine in '15 

#dworkinreport #resist #devos #stopdevos …
Please vote NO on DeVos. She is not qualified to lead our nation's Department of Education. Her appointment would be detrimental.

http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/the-administration/317975-the-ethics-case-against-betsy-devos#.WJi_jvR3xEM.twitter …
put our children and country ahead of your party and vote no on DeVos or recuse yourself (you took over $30,000 from her)
Isn't it your job to listen to your constituents? How many calls have you received urging you to vote no on DeVos?
We know she contributed $$ to your re-election campaign. Shameful, sir, just shameful this pay to play mess.
Still not listening to your constituents regarding the DeVos nomination. She is not qualified for the job, sir!
response to constituents that are overwhelmingly against DeVos? We deserve an answer before you vote. Pls show integrity. 63367
DeVos would be the first Education Secretary who never taught, attended or sent her children to public school.
DeVos couldn't articulate the difference between growth and proficiency measurement of student progress. #DumpDevos
Betsy DeVos is worth more than 90,000 times what the average teacher makes in a year.
SHAME ON YOU
When will we start putting people in charge of education who actually UNDERSTAND what it's like to work in a school? No experience
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/how-betsy-devos-bought-a-governors-race-for-roy-blunts_us_5894ef9fe4b0985224db551d …
& here's why u will put $ over ur constituents- "How B. DeVos Bought A Governor's Race 4 Blunt's Son"
I can't list all the reasons @BetsyDeVos is the WRONG choice in only 140 characters, so please just vote NO already. #DumpDevos
- So it would appear that YOU have been "bought" off also.  How much does it take to buy you Sen. Blunt?  She's NOT qualified!
- NOT QUALIFIED in any way, shape or form.  She gave millions as donations - her only "qualifications"  How much did she pay you?
- She has never been in charge of a large organization!  NO EXPERIENCE  Her only "qualification" is that she can BUY people!
- She is NOT qualified! Never went to public school, never sent her kids to public school, never had to borrow money for college.
DeVos supports treatments that are not scientifically proven to be any more effective than a placebo. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/30/us/politics/betsy-devos-neurocore-brain-centers.html?partner=rss&emc=rss&smid=tw-nytimesscience&smtyp=cur …
. Our statement: DeVos is totally unqualified. Where is your head? Time to listen us.
How much $$$ has DeVos donated to you? Please name any qualification she has for Sec of Education.
Ah, $33,100. So that's how much your principles go for. #NoonDeVos
As a public school educator for the last 6 years, I can honestly say your vote of confidence for #DeVos terrifies me. Vote no.
you sold yourself cheap senator. Only $33K as the purchase price for your vote? Whores have more pride.
Serving our kids w/ special needs should NOT be an option! Plenty of others are qualified AND believe in local control. #noDevos
what did you end up spending that $36,000 on that Betsy DeVos gave you? Hopefully something fun for your retirement. #NoDevos
Betsy DeVos is a terrible choice as a leader in education. As a representative leader, you are pledged to hear us! #wakeup
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. She is not qualified to serve in that role, and the children of MO deserve much better.
you backed Devos? Do you even care about Missouri? Maybe we need to Recall our senator.
I am a teacher and have dedidcated my life to kids. I know zero teachers who support DeVos. Listen to your constituents, please!
Shame on you - selling out to the Billionaires instead of listening to your constituents! Betsy DeVos is NOT qualified!
please vote NO on Betsy DeVos to show your support for public education.
don't let our children's education suffer due to partisan politics.  Listen to your constituents and vote NO to DeVos.
You are refusing to represent your constituents.  Devos is not qualified and you know it.
The superhuman patience and persistence of schoolteachers, as endured by Senator Roy Blunt's Missouri office staff:

http://goo.gl/bvTuPM 
you're a coward for not standing up against Trump. History does not fondly remember those who licked Hitler's boots.
MILLIONS of Jews Gays Christians were slaughtered by CLINTON illegal Libya Sarkozy $ war? U asleep or just Ignorant?
$35,800 from DeVos fam including 16,600 from Betsy & her hubby to your 2010-2016 election committee. We see y u stand w/DeVos. 
No on DeVos!  She has spent millions to PREVENT local school boards from monitoring private schools that receive public money.
I respectfully urge you to listen to the constituents and Vote No. #kidsdeserveit
please reconsider. This is wrong for all of our children.
This woman is not qualified to serve
Please share a link to where she's said these things. I've never heard this from her, or anything good for that matter.
I hope none of the public schools in rural Missouri are negatively affected by decisions.
Your statement is exactly why we need money out of politics. She bought your vote, Pay to Play politics.
Unacceptable even more so after learning DeVos funded your campaign!! Recuse yourself from the vote!
As a MO teacher educator and former MI teacher, your backing of DeVos is shocking. So disappointed.
explain how this is listening to your constituents! DeVos is not qualified to be a teacher in our state, does this make sense?
Betsy DeVos combined with "public education as a cornerstone" is an oxymoron.
Please reconsider.
you were a public school teacher? How could you do this to our children?? We will NOT FORGET!!!!
This statement is a travesty and you should be ashamed of yourself for its blandness and lack of compassion and understanding.
Please reconsider. My kids go to MO public schools and they deserve THE BEST. She gets a F in experience.
"Show Me" you care about kids and vote NO for Betsy DeVos.
as your constituent, I am strongly opposed to DeVos as SoE.
Our children are worth more than the $39,000 DeVos gave you. We aren't going to forget that you sold us out come November 2018.
Excited to get her!
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. She is not qualified to serve in that role, and the children of MO deserve much better.
This is how you make it the UNgreat State of Missouri
you have received over $33000 from DeVos fam. Your position is pay to play politics as usual. Do what is right for education.
I have to say, Senator, that this statement says nothing about the substantive issues with this nominee.
Very ambiguous. What about vouchers, charter schools, support for rural education, keeping profit motive out of schools, etc.
I have heard language very similar to yours in Sen.Moran's statement,which makes me wonder if party hardliners use the same script
Please represent the people in your state rather than your personal finances - vote NO on DeVos!
please reconsider this - as a born and raised Missourian and educator, I ask you - please don’t confirm her.
if you vote for her for Department of Education you have lost many votes from Missouri!   She is out destroy the public schools!!
you should be ashamed of yourself. Put your state first, say no to DeVos.
She gave you a lot of money didn't she?  You have no choice.  Your stings are being pulled.  You can't use your tiny brain.
lies.  She bought you.  Admit it.  As a mother with a child with disabilities I urge you to THINK WITH YOUR HEART not wallet.
Can't find any of your constituents supporting DeVos and I just read her family gave $33k to your campaign. Please reconsider.
Are you too privileged to understand issues with edu & Devos? Or trying to keep constituents uneducated so they can be controlled?
$33,100. That's the price tag you've put on Missouri's children's educations. For shame, sir.
you are a joke.....  she isn't qualified to do anything in education
"I will be working hard to ensure that public education continues to be appreciated as the cornerstone of opportunity in America.”
How can you say this and still support DeVos. You are a former teacher. How can you do this. Be yourself, don't follow blindly.
Cutting ed.funding and #devos are going to make it harder on poor. Keeping lower class dumb so they won't realize the bullshit
I have always voted for you but it you vote for DeVos I will never vote for you again.
please please please listen to your constituents and not vote for her. EVERYONE, democrats and republicans do not want her. PLEASE
#votenodevos you have accepted money from her family. She is supremely unqualified for this position
stupid statement
well, you know who needs to be voted out.  How much money did her family give you?
please reconsider your position and listen to the people of MO this nomination is grossly underqualified.
did the $33,000 her family donated to you make it easier to make this decision?
she can contribute to your campaign but she doesn't vote in MO. Bad decision if you plan to run for re-election.
Farcical & indecent. Nominee DeVos will take "public" out of education, shredding accountability to advance lobby/private agenda.
This is a tremendous mistake.  Please consider what she could do to our education system.  She has no idea what she's doing.
- @BetsyDeVos giving you $33k to vote for her!?!?  You should be ashamed, you are a disgrace to our state! #noDevos #StopDeVos
VOTE NO!! Show honor and integrity. Giving money to Republican campaigns does not make her qualified. Do what's best for kids!
if you vote to confirm we'll know that you are a bought & sold politician & do not serve the best interests of your constituents
@BetsyDeVos It was unethical for the senators who received monies from DeVos family to vote on cabinet nominees. Fake hearings.
I found it hard to believe you were ever an educator if you support this woman. Sounds like money speaks more than we do.
You still have a few hours to decide to grow a backbone. Please vote NO on DeVos.
Her family has funded you and most Republicans voting on the cabinet nominations. Unethical for you all to vote. Remove yourself.
I love how you keep encouraging your constituents to voice their concerns to you but clearly that does not apply to Betsy DeVos
MO's public education systems are a successful model for integration, advancement, & success.  Support #publiced #highlyqualified
she's not even qualified.   But that doesn't matter.   Congress & executive branch are no longer functioning  parts of govt.
Not even qualified but she was nominated by a GOP & that is all that matters.  I think trump & GOP R  trying to destroy country.
I urge you to vote no on #DeVos. MO rural schools can't afford her stance on charter schools. #constituant64659
Please, please oppose DeVos for education Secretary.  She is clearly unqualified even though she gives you money.
she contributed to ur campaign and u vote 4 her, to hell with what Missourians want?  #NoToDeVos
none of the educators of MO support her. Do u support the educators of ur state, or not? I guess we'll see by ur vote. #NoToDevos
how much to buy your vote back?
disgusting. She is highly unqualified but apparently so are you. We will not forget this.
look, it would be way less insulting if you stopped pretending you think she's at all qualified & just stated that she gave you $$
I'm a 28 year old voter in Missouri. I make my voting decisions based on things like this. Don't let her ruin my son's education
“If she doesn’t know the issue of proficiency versus growth, she doesn’t belong in that job.” Thx @clairecmc 4 listening.
“If she doesn’t know what I.D.E.A. is...act protecting disabled people...doesn’t belong in that job.” Thx @clairecmc 4 listening.
Please be like @clairecmc and vote No against DeVos. She's supremely unqualified for the position of Education Secretary.
I request you reconsider.  I know she sent you more money than me, but I have children in school so I have more to lose.
Curious to know how many calls, emails, and tweets you've had for DeVos vs how many against. Listen to your constituents!
Betsy DeVos is not qualified to be our Sec of Ed.  Having been in education myself, I am very disappointed in your support.
worse decision yoy can make!
Well that is horribly disappointing.  A lg. majority of MO residents has a hard time imagining WHY you back someone so unqualified
glad to know where you stand and that you're not standing up for me. Can't wait to vote in the next election.
Senator, have you looked at the messages I have been leaving with your people? We DO NOT WANT DeVos to speak for us!
How does she understand? She has NO experience. No qualifications. Please, Please listen to parents across this country. Vote NO
She. Has. No. Experience. Nor knowledge of public education. Please reconsider your vote.
thanks for clearly not caring what your constituents think. Dems and Reps alike don't want her. #DoYourJob
Are you kidding? She is the Wrong for Sec. of Ed.  How Much $$$ Money did She give you to forget Children come first. Sad in 63135
No please She is WRONG FOR EDUCATION SHE IS WRONG FOR Missouri! Please Think about the Children of your home state.  Vote No 
wondering what you as an educator see in her that I  do not?
Even this charter school advocate knows that Betsy DeVos is unqualified: http://www.cnn.com/2017/02/02/politics/eli-broad-letter-betsy-devos/index.html …
