
My friend whose husband has cancer called @RoyBlunt's office crying & they hung up on her amidst telling her story. Unacceptable. #AHCA
Maybe your staff can answer the phone when they call to vote against Trumpare. Instead, they hung up! Shameful!
#StopTheGiantBloatedBudget! Leave the rinos! #UnitedForFreedom!
#DefundPlannedParenthood #DefundRefugeeResettlement #DefundSanctuaryCities #FullRepeal  #UnitedForFreedom
Too bad ACHA will mean many of your constituents will be unable to access those treatments. #Medicare4All #SinglePayer #ComplicitGOP
Are you really interested in saving lives? Vote no on the #AHCA. Put politics aside and do something better for your state and your country!
Why should we support Republicans when they encroach on our liberty and deficit spend just like Democrats? #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom

My friend whose husband has cancer called @RoyBlunt's office crying & they hung up on her amidst telling her story. Unacceptable. #AHCA
What are people with pre-existing conditions in NW MO supposed to do to get insurance? Please help my family.
You are evil
And then your staff hung up on a person pleading her health_scare story.
My friend whose husband has cancer called @RoyBlunt's office crying & they hung up on her amidst telling her story. Unacceptable. #AHCA
Lifesaving treatment and cures mean nothing if people cannot afford them. Support the Affordable Healthcare Act or universal healthcare.
does mew health care still give 1/2 million to ceos of insurance?
"not that I believed anything they said, because God and the firms employing my children as lobbyists know best." -sen. Roy blunt.
Too bad @NIH medical research never leads you to vote for evidence informed health care policy @RoyBlunt. #wealthcare #trumpcare
Will anyone be able to afford treatments developed by the NIH if the AHCA is passed?
The NIH won't exist if @realDonaldTrump has his way with the budget.
My nephew has hemophilia. AHCA will kill him. How can you call yourself prolife? How do you sleep at night? #TrumpDoesntCare
Why are you hiding the AHCA hearings?
Just to get it in writing: You're not planning a secret/quick vote on healthcare? You'll publicize it and give us time to respond, right?
Your office assured me that the senate was still drafting a plan, why lie Roy?
This is big: Senate Trumpcare will be pretty much the same as House Trumpcare. 14 million will still lose Medicaid coverage. https://twitter.com/caitlinnowens/status/872535745600393217 …
Yep.  Staff not being straight with us.  Can we all stop pretending, and acknowledge that the so-called President is a Liar and a Mobster?
You mean before you idiots cut funding. Ridiculous lies

My friend whose husband has cancer called @RoyBlunt's office crying & they hung up on her amidst telling her story. Unacceptable. #AHCA
is medicare going to stay the same or rise? if go up how much?  give dollars. not just affordable?
what is happening to the healthcare plan? has it been analyzed?  how much will it cost for a 57 year with preexisting conditions?
The only recent bill I see sponsored by you re NIH is an appropriations bill that reduces spending from previous year. Details?
One day you will be feeble and live in your memories.  Will tax cuts for the rich soothe your mind, knowing you could have saved lives #ACA?
So obvious you drank the loyalty juice. Only reason I wish I lived in MO would be to vote you out. Lousy senator
Since medical care in US is a profit-making venture, cures are withheld because far more $ is made treating patients than by curing them!
That's why the Trump budget has cuts to the NIH which you support sad you claim you don't with Post like this then do opposite
Leaking is not a laughing matter. Thank you for not laughing and understanding how serious it was that he admitted to it. #Comey #prison
He knew it was ready to come out so trying to get ahead of it. His "friend leaker" no doubt turning on him for big dollars
Next we need the name of professor who did #Comey leaking for him. Please get it!!!!
#RepealObamacare....
Roy, your questioning will go down in history as exposing a dangerous leaker..#Comey. More reason why his firing was best for USA.
Great job today!!!
Your plan is a calculated Death Sentence. You Guys even ran the numbers. We want the Plan you voted for yourselves and we want it for free.
Ummmm. You looked like a fool up there at the hearing today.
You were so lame.
Major Face time and you blew it.
If folks are uninsured, how will they afford said treatments, cures, Senator?
That's great! But is there anything else more pressing to our national welfare to report today you may be interested in? #ComeyHearing
Senator. I am a constituent (65807) and myself and many more have questions for you. You see posts like this paint a pretty pic. 2.
But how you handled your questions with the #ComeyHearing we see nothing has changed. You remain a slave to the GOP and hold no regard.  3
Stop trying to cover for Trump ask pertinent questions. Stop being a republican be an American.
Never Forget

Blunt Fully Supports Trump

 asking #Comey to drop #FlynnRussia Investigation
 praising Dictators who MURDER & RAPE Citizens
 Roy, you're a little weasel!! We all can see what you're doing  - this is treason 
You're pathetic. Russia interfered with our elections, Trump is obstructing justice, emolument concerns EVERYWHERE, and you're after Comey.
America is watching #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Your time is finally over in Missouri! #dumpblunt
Finally going to get rid of this do nothing little crook
Horrible testimony, you can't protect your incompetent president!
Your ?'s showed clear bias & you didn't want answers, you wanted to smear Comey. Polls show 2/3's of us don't believe Trump, & now you.
You failed to ask that prez initiated question of is he being investigated. Prez is paranoid. You are so biased; it's obvious
Everyone should be paying attention to vote out these TRAITORS
Writing in his spare time
Comey just stated he handed classified to special counsel,so it was in his possession ? Thats illegal, two it appears ,comey did creative
You're embarrassing your party & this country but I expected nothing less. Where's your integrity? Where's your patriotism? Disgraceful.
God you sound like a blubbering fool asking Comey questions. You sound like you want to hear yourself talk more than ask him questions.
You just screwed Sessions with your partisan questions
Do you still think of yourself as American?
Typical politician putting party over country. Your ?'s to Comey are showing your true colors. What a disgrace! When is your re-election???
Have you picked out a retirement house in Moscow?
What are you and the GOP doing?
Well Looks Like YOU Took Trumps "Loyalty Pledge" how Can You Defend the Liar? #trumprussia #trumplies
#ImpeachTrump
why? So you can laugh at sick people when you deny them care and take away their insurance?
No one debates that research improves the human condition. Research also shows that stress free healthcare improves the human condition. Ok?
Too bad most in Missouri won't benefit from research since we can't afford healthcare.
Please continue to fully fund the NIH, NEA and EPA!!
Too bad you want to take away people's insurance, that way they can't afford treatments and cures, right?
The #AHCA is Those With More Than Enough trying to get rid of as many of Those Without Enough as fast as possible #Shame on the #onceGOP
Focus on getting the truth about Trump/Russia. Ask the probing questions. Failure to do so implies you share guilt.
Sustain healthcare for all Americans. #SinglePayer
Except they are on an indefinite hiring freeze... some commitment
Please continue to fully fund the @NIH in the budget!
Roy I'm a 42 year old man. I have had open heart surgery and am now getting treatment for cancer. Ahca goes through you sentence me to death
Please vote NO on trumpcare
You haven't made a statement against Eric Trump saying "Democrats aren't people"! You don't agree do you? This was wrong of him, right?
We the People need you to step up and get President Trump's policies put through now! We need to do away with Obamacare and pass tax cuts!
Great! If u support saving lives then u won't vote for Trumpcare, which will lead 23 mill uninsured and will ruin the GOP for a generation.
Medical research is impt but we need for all Americans to benefit from it by providing basic healthcare. #trumpcare
The GOP line: Roy Blunt says notable part of testimony is where Comey told Trump he wasn't personally under investigation. SS- Weak takeaway
Unless you vote NO on AHCA, this is 'cures/treatments for the rich'. Vote no, Roy, or Missouri votes no on you.
By cutting funding? #TrumpIsATraitor #TrumpIsATraitor #TrumpIsATraitor #TrumpIsATraitor #TrumpIsATraitor #TrumpIsATraitor #TrumpIsATraitor 
Won't do anyone any good if we don't have an insurance provider
You support massive cuts to Medicaid. No need 4 research since the elderly, disabled and children will be unable to get treatment
Turns out health insurance leads us to the availability of those life saving treatments and cures. Can you go see someone about that too?
Glad to hear you are backing a "sustained federal commitment" for healthcare, Senator. Have you decided to come down against the AHCA, then?
So does all this mean you are a no vote on AHCA? Otherwise you're just treating this as a photo op
What good are life saving cures if healthcare refuses to provide the cure!
You know what else saves lives? ACA. Winston was uninsurable before ACA. #protectourcare
Too bad you support #trumpcare which will defund the research.
