Vote no on Trumpcare!  We don't want it and you are here for US!
vote no on any type of governmental health care for any able bodied person that is able to pay their own way.
My boyfriend is a personal chef for some millionaires and he would have to quit his job if this new plan was enacted
don't blame the government but blame the pharmaceutical companies and health care providers. The greed is there
I haven't heard Trump make any mention of more affordable medicine and treatments.  Not since the campaign, anyway.
How about hosting a Town Hall meeting to listen to your constituents and not the $$$?
Senator, stop treating us like we're stupid. We're not. The new plan will make the top 1% richer and screw over the rest of us.
Right, bc the rich hc industry needs more tax breaks! Stop working for your donors!
This is all propaganda to try to push this trough Congress. I need ACA. IT WORKS WELL for me. Please do what it right for us.
Not really though. Repealing the ACA will cost lives. #SaveACA
remember when we were threatened w/ Death Panels?  I think Trumpcare has death panels in all but the name.
Feels like maybe you've read one book in your entire life & it was by Ayn Rand.
All the GOP cares about is money; that's the way it's always been.
instead of repeal, consider improving it. Imagine the legacy your party would leave if they simply made it better.
some people would die whereas you only have your senate seat to lose. Take Healthcare from MO and we'll replace you
oh sure
no matter how many times you keep repeating this, we know it’s a lie. Listen to your constituents.
trumpcare not affordable.  and bonuses to rich insurance executives.
um, no. u need to invest in the ppl with quality healthcare & education so that quality companies will always invest in the US.
oh? So let's talk about the 24 million who will be without healthcare on trumpcare. COME ON! Why do you hate us?!
Its a lie. The disaster will be when you dump a huge number of MO citizens off of their health care.  Will DRs accept tax credits?
tax hikes were on wealthiest Americans who often employ workers but No benefits. 267 billion in tax relief for top 1% Just WRONG
REALLY????   REALLY?????   This new plan will cover those needing coverage?  Prove it!
.@RoyBlunt from everything I've read, it seems to be a tax cut for the wealthy, while actually increasing premiums for average citizens.
no it's not! It's giving money back to corporations
, respectfully, I disagree, can you explain this position more clearly?
That doesn't even make any sense. Why don't you guys at least try to do something that might actually help.
giving yourself huge tax break is the priority, not us.
NOPE. Flat wrong. Way to be completely misinformed AND inept at the same time. Really incredible. #RecallBlunt
how good is your tax payer healthcare.?
save our lives. Save our families. Save your reputation. Hurting families with increased costs not the answer
Still waiting for a town hall and would love to discuss Trumpcare. No town hall? We will continue efforts to not re-elect you!
How is removing BH parity and cutting Medicaid going to help your Excellence In Mental Health Act? #CCBHC answer: it's not
So glad you are looking out for the interests of the wealthy.  They are an underserved group in this day and age...
for who? You are as delusional as the rest of them. We NEED a town hall meeting! You are NOT listening to your constituents!
If the proposed replacement plan is so wonderful why don't members of Senate switch & pay first? @GOP #ACA #Trumpcare #obamacare
Bullshit.  ACA Repeal plan has seniors being rated at a higher rate.  That's affordable? A tax break for the rich? Why?
really? What's your big solution? What are you personally adding to this goal?
If the Republicans force this trumpcare plan, you need to start lining up speaking engagements - you will NOT be re-elected.
Where's the #data? Cite your sources. Please #represent_us with #evidence
your sense of what the American people actually need is far from the reality of your campaign bank acct & your son's private ed.
The taxes are what pay for subsidies for less wealthy people to afford healthcare. Your argument makes no sense.
Yes, let's be benefit the very wealthy and leave 90% of your constituents to deal with the AHCA's higher premiums #GOPReplacement
Roy: if you repeal the ACA, people are going to die because they can't afford insurance or medical bills. Are you ok with that?
Tax credits, rather than subsidies, won't help low income families pay for health care on a monthly basis.
Hey, let's call them surcharges & just pay them to the insurance companies... it's totally different.  (Fingers crossed)
The GOP healthcare plan is a massive tax cut for the wealthy and a cut in services for those who need them most.
So with your replacement plan will deductibles and co-pays decrease, stay the same, or increase? Thanks, a Constituent
Why does the repeal give tax break to families making 1 mil at same time increasing premiums for middle & eliminating for poor
@SpeakerRyan This gives tax break to families making 1 mil at same time increasing premiums for middled & eliminating for poor
Ending group coverage that favors unions and insurance companies is THE essential step if you aren't afraid of your donors.
Stop insulting our intelligence.
Higher premiums for working class families is just as bad as tax hikes.  What's your plan?
How do you live with yourself?
Single Payer Healthcare, not shove more $$s in the pockets of insurance company presidents.  Single Payer Healthcare.
stop whining about the ACA and do something respectable. #Trumpcare is NOT an affordable solution. Shame on you.
I really can't trust a damn thing you say. You have no right to make decisions like this without consulting US first. Town hall.
Not true! It means I would lose the subsidy that allows me to afford insurance.
so how exactly are you guys planning to pay for it--or is it all tax cut and spend?
How? you saying so doesn't magically make it work. Fix it. Repubs & Dems put party before Country the ball's with you now Senator.
I wonder if @RoyBlunt Or any of his staff follow up on these tweets to see what people are saying.  Probably not.
Respectfully submit that your constituents hate #Trumpcare more. No repeal. Fix!
Look at all the comments Senator.  These are your constituents speaking.  You are an elected official bound by morality to listen.
millions of people that lose health care because repeal is not good for America we will be going back to emergency room visits
For who Roy? What good is coverage when it doesn't cover anything? What about the 15 million losing coverage? Mental health?
All states suppose to honor Reverse Income & when earnings increase employee returns the proceed back, way it works. Change HC Law
you got my permission to communicate this to US Senator John Barrasso (Wyoming) so he can agree there is the problem SEE #2 FIX IT
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW MUCH IT WILL COST OR WHO WILL GET KICKED OFF THEIR INSURANCE. STOP LYING SCUM.
FIX the ACA Ol Roy!!! Revise not repeal.
And the rich richer
#Trumpcare wont make insurance more affordable. Nor will it make healthcare affordable. You're spreading falsehoods. #Bluntblows
doesn't care about #Missouri #ACA #Trumpcare #saturdaymorning #obamacare
So Mark from Blue Springs doesn't have a co-pay when seeing a Dr? He pays full price for office visits? How about real info Roy?
Please explain, other than tax breaks, how this will be better for MO.
huh? The tax hikes on the rich are what's paying for the subsidies that enable regular people to afford coverage.
resign, If you've come to this addled state.  Is that why you can't come to our state of Missouri?
Removing payment for thing makes it cheaper?
#Trumpcare #GOPCare #PutinCare
trumpcare is a disaster - do not repeal Obamacare
For who, the 1% who fund your campaigns?
liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar
affordable for who exactly? Not us middle class families that's for sure.
No, it’s the @GOP’s poorly concealed way of giving tax breaks to the rich and stealing healthcare from the rest of us.
Fix the ACA, real people can't afford #Trumpcare; Rs won't say the cost; Townhall NOW! 2126 days left n office
yes, much more affordable for you and your oligarch pals. The rest of us, not so much. (PS You won't get re-elected next time.)
for whom? Your JohnBircherKochbrosDarkMoney cronies?
Consider your constituents and vote for what serves them. We will remember!
Hey Blunt so you advocate to have the lower income, middle income & elderly pay for the tax cut to the rich under TRUMPCARE A HOLE
The tax hikes only affect the wealthy and health insurance execs. This is misinformation.
We start now to defeat you in the next election.
https://politicalwire.com/2017/03/09/trump-voters-stand-lose-trumpcare/ …
#trumpcare is bad for nearly everyone - hospitals, patients, the general public. The only group that benefits is the 1% - no good!
http://www.salon.com/2017/03/08/trumpcare-hurts-older-voters-donald-trump-endorses-bill-that-punishes-one-of-his-key-constituencies/ …
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/3/9/1641809/-Trumpcare-is-going-to-be-a-killer-literally-for-Trump-s-white-working-class-base …
No. That's the opposite of the truth. Cutting taxes on the rich forces less coverage and higher premiums.
Stop Lying!

Yes! Because the top 1%, which gets most of the tax cuts, really can't afford health care right now. 
didn't see  clearly stated it in the house bill, unless it was hidden in those inserts.  Did you read it ?
How can it be affordable if it isn't attainable?
Repeating false statements doesn't make them true.
Ok, so come to Missouri and explain to your constituents why #Trumpcare is better. And NO SCORE NO VOTE!!!
#Missouri wants a #townhall to discuss #Trumpcare
.@RoyBlunt NO
Please stop the lies!  #TrumpCare
