Thank you, sir.  We, the People (who voted for Trump!) agree.
maybe if his nominees had QUALIFICATIONS....
He actually needs to nominate someone first.
Truth is your president is just ignoring pursuing this. Like in all other issues he is doing nothing.  He is not mentally healthy.
Stop blaming others for trumps malignant failure as president.
Has @potus nominated any?? He's too busy playing golf and increasing his personal businesses. You will pay for his actions!
Come Nov.  2018 ALL democrat senators should be voted OUT!  Time to make our government work for the people, not for the senators.
= fake news! Truth: "Another approach Trump is using to gut federal agencies–not nominating or slowing down nominations for agency heads"
tell you buddy @SenateMajLdr to grow a pair & change the rule.
You didn't care when Obama's pick for scotus was blocked. Besides, no nominations should get appointed in a presidents last year in office.
I see what you did there.
Sen. Blunt, I realize you're a republican but how,in good conscience,can you support this pathological liar? Maybe you
You are a fool. SAD
in too deep demon-crat KKK ISIS communist party has lied cheated and killed  can't turn back
Take the Senate full nuclear 51 votes clears all business - no more 60 vote blocking. Tell chuck it is over.
"Oh! What A Tangled Web We Weave When First We Practice To Deceive"
I am so tired of not having President Trump's people in place! it's Trump's time, not Obama's, but Obama won't go away!
The nasty #Obstructionists #Resistors know exactly what they are doing. I just don't see how they can get by with it.
Time for you to admit that DJT is a charlatan and that @SenateMajLdr's "health" plan doesn't help Missourians. (63101)
Senator Blunt, in addition the moderate Republicans need to go. There is no longer a gray area. They need to be a conservative or go home.
Maybe it's POTUS that's the problem.
It's a 2 way street, last year Republicans refused to vote on Supreme Court nominees. #hypocrites
At the rate Republicans interviewed Obamas SCOTUS nominee it would take ... oh yeah FOR Fu#@king ever. That's your obstruction right there
its time 4 the @GOP ussys to do your jobs you dont need the Dhimmis push these nominations through grow a pair go nuclear
Merrick Garland. ring a bell? if @POTUS won't nominate candidates how can dems  obstruct?  Liar, liar, pants on fire
it is time to arrest those who are obstructing nominations, one arrest will stop rest of them
When is it time for @POTUS to actually do his job and nominate more than 30% of the positions he needs to? You are a disgusting con man.
It's time for you to stop defending treason.
Your obstruction record in the last 4 years makes you a hypocrite. Paired w/the fact Trump still has 400+ nominations to make = Fake news. 
You know full well this is the legacy of EIGHT YEARS of obstruction by your party #2018iscoming #ReapWhatYouSow
It's time for 45 to start nominating people qualified to hold those positions; unlike the rest of his administration.
I'm sure #MerrickGarland would agree.....
Didn't you block Garland? Let's go fwd. Do you live in MO? Call for 100% investigation into full frontal Russia Love! NOW!
A good first step for most of these would be nominations.
How do we reach them with the truth? 2/2
Despite many clever replies to this post, R's have discovered and nurtured a base who will believe statements like this without question.1/2
Maybe the nominees aren't qualified or suitable? Could putting up better nominees lead to more confirmations? Just wondering.
Time for you to start holding #TRAITOR #Trump accountable for destroying our constitution. To many #PATRIOTS died protecting.
Maybe he should nominate better people. No...wait... a quality person would not work for or with the trump regime. #TrumpCrimeFamily
What nominations? The bad ones ... oh, wait, all he's made are bad ones, and not many of those
Merrick fucking Garland!!
Maybe he could try nominating more qualified people.
It is OK to stop bad nominations. -a MO voter
Hello
@clairecmc  It's time for @GOP to stop welfare fraud instead of cutting medicaid. https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1930904453799864&id=1419884461568535 … #SendittoRachel
No rushing to confirm, maybe this admins messes could have been avoided if the cabinet had been more scrutinized (Flynn for ex) @SenateDems
I thought it's time for GOP to find someone worthy of everyone in the U.S.and not just the wealthy!
Republican in the Senate did the same think under President Obama
It's time for 45 to stop selling our country to Russia, and for u & other Repubs to stop looking the other way. #growapair
See, this is what Republicans are good at- blaming minorities for their own problems
Good, if he's going to pick people like Sessions, DeVos, Price, Pruitt etc it can wait until the second coming.
Which party controls the Senate?
He has not made the nominations to obstruct.
Hundreds of positions don't even have nominations. Executive branch is delaying their own appointments.
It's time for you to represent Missouri, not FAKEPOTUS. let's talk at your town hall
You are better than this.
First we need nominees. Personally, I'd like them to be qualified
It is time for a reasonable health care plan. It is time for Republicans to say NO to Mr. Trump's pathetically inept appointees. #loveUSA
I seem to remember McConnells's pronouncement at the beginning of #Obama presidency.Any particular reason you were expecting something else?
Then tell ur moronic POTUS 2 nominate ppl & quit worrying about his up coming impeachment trials. Don't lay this mess off on Democrats!
Why? The @GOP taught the @DNC so well last year under @POTUS44! Lesson learned? Nah.
Maybe if idiot would stop appointing other idiots...
Merrick Garland ring a bell?
And Blunt.   The GOP controls the committees that approve these positions.    These chairs are GOP and control schedule what's up GOP
Compared to what? When republicans did the very same thing to president Obama?  The hypocrisy is just mind boggling.
David Nye vote 100-0 not obstruction. Maybe you haven't received names and/or they are inferior. Tell truth. Disgusted Republican here.
With all due respect, senator, I don't think a president who is under investigation should be allowed to make any more nominations.
Really?   Are you sure they are qualified?   Look who's in there now?
Come on! When is Wray going to be confirmed and sworn in? The country can't wait 11 years to find out what is going on in FBI & USA! 
Comey testified his emails were his personal property & UNCLASSIFIED.:some were classified & all are FED RECORDS,violates Espionage Act
More lies from our embarrassment of a senator. Mr. Blunt, your ties to Trump, Pence, and the other conspirators will take you down.
You mean like Merrick Garland?
Party first. Last I remembered the GOP controlled the Senate and only needed 51 votes for confirmation.
So embarrassed that the senator from my state is tweeting this when there such huge issues like healthcare in front of him. Disgrace to MO
They're
Why are you misleading your constituents?
With healthcare and Russia happening this is what I read from my senator. You are an embarrassment to our state. Get your priories straight
You're kidding, right?
At this point if you support anything Trump does you are a traitor.
Take. Several. Seats.
Time for Senate Republicans to do their job and meet with the people you represent! Or are you scared?
Nope! It seems ALL the R's are crooked liars.
You mean like Repubs obstructed Obama's Supreme Court Justice?
Trump has to nominate people for the senate to confirm. #truestory  And dems can't block much. News flash, Senator: Republicans control.
Maybe POTUS could stop watching CNN and make timely appointments. Also, you and your gang are the kings of obstruction. #WeRemember
I guess you should nominate better people....
You do realize that the GOP has the majority, right? You also remember how many times you obstructed Obama, right?
Two words:  Merrick Garland.
Kettle, meet Pot.
Really?  That's your focus?
I am certain you guys can confirm quickly if the White House would just nominate them!
tsk tsk tsk.
45 has to nominate them first.  Then... Here's a fact that seems to escape you.Repubs run the house and senate.  How is this the Dems fault?
Agree
It's infuriating you represent my home. 1) Lack of nominees. 2) R's don't need D cooperation. 3) Those that are nominated aren't qualified!
 Not even a nomination for 374 of 564 positions. Senate GOP obstructed a SUPREME COURT NOMINEE for a year. 

Your hypocrisy knows no bounds
@thehill Watch your interview & embarrassed you're our Senator! Dems aren't obstructing, Trump hasn't nominated staff for vacancies.
With sincere respect to you, anyone Trump endorses is automatically suspect in my eyes. #ImpeachTrump
This post is total trash and you know it Blunt.  It's time for Senate Reps to stop supporting a POTUS who is a liar & under Putin's control
Lol! Merrill Garland ring a bell?
Oh like the repubs did with Obama's supreme court nominee? Or maybe trump should nominate someone who knows something about the position.
Um, how about what you and Rs didn't do for 7 yrs! Merrick Garland .... do your job & legislate
You support a @POTUS that is corrupt and is unable to tell the truth.  Does not speak well for you!
Hi, Roy. I used to write to you on clean toilet paper. My next letter to you will include a nice, chocolatey surprise.  
Blunt your party is in charge of the Senate! Do something other than spend all of the Senate's time giving tax breaks to the rich.
 I'm your constituents. Not impressed by what you are up to.
There is no obstruction. No one wants a job in this administration.
No one worth a damn, that's for sure!
So full of it!
Roy is a GOP whore at the highest level. He will do and say anything. He is living pretty high for a former teacher
Just because you shovel it, doesn't mean I'm gonna eat it.
How about he nominate some people.  Oh and not take away millions of peoples healthcare and not collude with Russia.  How about that!
GFY, you evil, evil man.
WHAT?!
Can't confirm those who aren't nominated or the unqualified. Other POTUS winners had nominees ready Day 1. @POTUS didn't do that homework.
it's time for a lot of things but that isn't highest on my list!  First is #KeepKidsCovered with the #ACA & #DontCapMyCare
maybe if the President and his staff would not tie up the Senate with all his illegal behavior and focus on the country, we would be great!
#MerrickGarland
Look who is calling the kettle black. What did you do to Obama?  What goes around...
It is time for all Senate to impeach Donald and company for their ties to Russia.  Shame on you all for letting him harm our nation.
He hasn't made all of the ones he needed. At State alone, almost all the top leadership have yet to even get a nomination.
but look whose already been appointed. ed- someone never in or had public education, epa- someone with lawsuits against epa, etc
It's time for you, my senator, to hold town halls. You need serious guidance on all the bad decisions you've been making
I dare you to come to Missouri and say that.
GOP ought not be surprised as obstruction is their SOP. #SCOTUS
This would be laughable if it weren't so stupid.  Nice try at pivoting away from tRUMPcare and the Russia fiasco. Not buying your b.s.
and Trump would actually have to NOMINATE people to fill those positions. which would mean finding people willing to work in that admin. YSR
With all due respect Senator, I have 2 words for you- Merrick Garland.
Enough with Russians in our gvmt. The FBI nomine should not be confirmed. We cannot trust him to uphold the Constitution. Enough already!
When will you realuze thete is no obstuction.  Nominees need to be put forth
Oh please. Dont go McConnell on us.
Maybe it's time for #SiberianCandidate to nominate qualified people instead of toadies.
You've had control for 7 years. Stop the pitiful lying. You don't need democrat support. You need to stop acting like juveniles
Wow, tune sounds familiar.  Oh, I know: 69 nominees were blocked before President Obama, 79 during his two terms.
You are a hypocrite Mr. Blunt. You and your ilk obstructed the work of others for the last 8. #MODeservesBetter than @RoyBlunt
It's time for the senate repubs to stop trying to take away basic rights?
Everyone is sick of Republican lies & saying whatever, breaking whatever laws & standards to get your way.  Delete this.
FACT:  Trump hasn't even submitted names yet for a large number of positions.  Did the democrats hide his pen?
What noms? Name 10. FBI guy doesn't count. Go!
It's time for senate Dems to stop republican pukes from obstructing democracy!
Roy - you are seriously pandering to Pence for a job when Trump is kicked out aren't you. You have sold out majorly and MO knows!
It's time for #GOP to act on #TrumpRussia and this pitiful sociopathic leader. #25thAmendmentNow
Get out of here....you guys have control.....idiots
other then the fact thats a lie what about the 8 years with Obama and the obstruction you did ?  hypocrite for sure.  recall the bum
ONCE AGAIN ANOTHER IDIOTIC STATEMENT FROM BLUNT
It's TIME for Senate Republicans to stand up for America against an unfit potus. It's time to stand up for voters. People b/f Party Mr Blunt
Maybe POS shouldnt nominate friends business contacts and oh HIS FAMILY who collude with the Russians
It's time to start putting up some qualified nominees and stop wasting time
PLEASE! @POTUS needs to actually NOMINATE people. This is rich coming from you, who helped obstruct with your Яepublican buddies in senate.
You had no fucking problem obstructing @BarackObama's nominees.
It's time for you to put partisan politics aside and start putting America first!
Sad attempt at deflection. Btw, Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland
You have a majority. This is all on you. Quit deflecting. Your party is incabaple of leadership.
What are you even talking about?  Stop with the #alternativefacts ...@POTUS needs to actually start nominating...he's his own worst enemy.
Maybe if you had someone for the people for the job Corps are not voters people need rights
After Gorsuch & the current kakistocracy, I'm amazed that you would want Missouri citizens to be subjected to any more 45 incompetents.
Then stop nominating unqualified candidates. Do better.

Please don't drink any more of that Kool-Aid, Senator. If POTUS spent less time watching Fox News he'd have candidates ready.
Really? Obstruction has been the pattern for years. Like we have no memory. Please stop flinging mud and do your job
Where are the nominations?! You control the Senate, the House & the White House. Your excuses are pathetic, just like our president.
Senator Blunt, this is an erroneous statement, and it detracts from the valuable bipartisan work you have done. #Nov2018 #DoYourJob
You must be joking! What was it that Mitch McConnell said about making Obama a "one term president." Obstruct, obstruct , obstruct.
You are a liar.
Enjoy your last term! @RoyBlunt #ImpeachmentNow @POTUS
It's time Trump puts up qualified nominees not the unqualified, alt-right, anti everything normal, people he's been pulling out of his?
I've always respected you. That just ended. Republicans have a majority in the house and senate. Sorry to say, you appear part of the prob.
Don't worry. @POTUS can't come up with the names that fast either.

@GOP stole a SCOTUS seat. Stop with the propaganda.
@chucktodd http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/12/fdic-nominee-clinger-withdraws-from-consideration-240456 …
FACT: He hasn't nominated anyone for the majority of the positions. Why? Also, please stop being partisan and start actually governing.
I agree the rep need to get something done but trump is waiting for the bosses pos to filled so they can select there Lts. Also he wants to
Trim the budget and bring fiscal sanity to Washington. Are all those pos really needed or can we save money.

Two words: Merrick Garland. The embarrassment continues. Please stay off social media.
@chucktodd https://www.eenews.net/stories/1060057274 …. @RoyBlunt stop w/ the lies!
