Yeah, how exactly has Trump started "bringing the country together"? It's not going to happen. Get on the right side, dude.
With Democratic traitors like you, who needs Republicans?
i think maybe you should be in a rubber room. not deciding the lives of millions.
Republican masquerading as a Democrat asks people to happily join him in the apocalypse.
Have you lost your mind? When will you learn that you can't work with the Vichy regime without getting blood on your hands?
2/2 Even those of us who didn't vote for the PEOTUS should be hoping for his success.
if trump had his way, he would have people who think like me drummed out of society. Not gonna kumbaya with him.  Or you
you are a collaborating disgrace. is retaining power so much more important than the future of the coutry to you?
that must start with him he alienates the majority of this country with every tweet and foreign phone call & cabinet pick.
For God's sake have a backbone and try to save this country from that madman.
A shame you are a fake democrat, have the courage  to make the switch and be done with it.  We will never work with trump!
Walking away as you like to do is easy, what sen. Joe is willing to do is treu American courage! #Trump
@SenSchumer @Sen_JoeManchin u r a traitor to ur party.. i hope YOU have a 'replace' plan for the people of #Virginia #TrumpLackey
Trump is the new guy, a rookie. He needs to work with you. Haze him, DC style!
He's illegitimate. I won't come together with kleptocrats and Nazis. Disgusted by impotent Democrats spewing this line.
The guy who led the #Birther movement is Pres-Elect? How long was I asleep? Trump's not racist anymore?
Thank you for putting what's best for the country ahead of partisan politics. 1/2
pls  don't vote for any nmnee who hasn't cmplted  bckgrnd and Financials History will label u all minions/heroes. Yr. Choice
Senator Prayer is powerful, we the people can pray that Democrats and Republicans can work together.
Prayer moves mountains
No we will not! We will primary any Dem who's foolish enough to think that's possible. You obstruct Fascism, period!!
Are you out of your mind? #resist
I expect you to work with DJT & the Rs as much as they worked with Obama the past 8 yrs. We are watching you and others.
Dear Senator, it's one thing to do all u can for constituents, it's another to aid DJT in his quest to turn back the clock.
I hope you face a primary challenge.
Nein
I'll encourage Democrats to work with Trump as much as Republicans did with President Obama. Trump is #notmypresident
He won't be anyone's president soon - impeachment on the horizon.
you want to wait  100 years til you get the right hitler child in office before you decide to bring shit together?
and you will not bring this country together any fucking time soon.
Hell no!
- enjoy your last little bit of time in office cause we are voting you out if you roll over for DB Donald
Coward
eeeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwww
Oh, like the GOP worked with President Obama?  Grow some balls, sir, or you're part of the problem not the solution.
.@Sen_JoeManchin No, I won't be joining you in enabling Putin's puppet. No decent American ever will. Maybe you can get a job on Fox News.
stop calling yourself a Christian.
disgrace.
There's a word for people like you, and it's an insult to working girls: Prostitute.
IF he's cleared by intel report, releases his taxes & divests....ppl MIGHT start 2accept him. A tiny bit. Not 1 sec sooner.
perhaps you could start with your daughters company
For 8 years the GOP and blocked and mocked POTUS. For 5 years Trump played the birther issue Where were you then?
won't want sanctions on Putin for the Russian interference. He has tons of shares in Exxon.
Please don't vote for Tillerson as Sec. of State. Americans don't want a Putin friend on the cabinet. He
Good luck with that
Senator Manchin puts "United"
in The United States of America!
#Undivided
@sabine_durden I want to believe this. My cynical side tells me Sen Manchin says this only bc Trump won WV by 50 pts
thank you Joe. I hope you mean it.
NO - the rest of us plan to resist. Switch parties if you are not a Democrat!
I will never support him. He's a bad person and you are picking the wrong side...as usual. (Sen J Manchin (R))
Trump is a train wreck. Racist sexist bully arrogant vengeful mocking hateful classless con man.
I am sure you will be with Trump more times than not.
#notmypresident
.@Sen_JoeManchin How can you call yourself a Democrat and push this lie? Trump isn't going to bring the country together. Stop being a fool
@StacyBrewer18 you bet. Tell your brother Doctor John I said hi
Switch to Republican. You are DINO.
First time I heard of you was tonight on @chucktodd. I'm a Trump supporter but you'd get my vote immediately.U R AUTHENTIC
I hope U are holding your breath,WHY don't you go over to the GOP, we Democrats don't want you,& hold your breath for votes
ahhh what did they find in your emails?
I am behind you!
@StacyBrewer18 
Thank you for your willingness to support our PEOTUS! United we stand to make for a better America.
The burden is now on @realDonaldTrump to demonstrate why the minority of the popular vote were right.
Just like all the other statements, empty words from a "my way or the highway" @realDonaldTrump
I expect u to not be an ass kisser to the GOP. And if u are - please change to GOP. U will he easily defeated if u do.
I expect u to demand Trump divest of any potential conflicts of interest
I expect u to protect our seniors and disenfranchised from Paul Ryan's SS and Medicare killing proposals
I expect u to do your job and uphold democracy - that means getting to the bottom of Russian involvement in our election
My sister Lynne Hash in Monroe Cty. just had her Soc Sec cut by $100 a month to $948. CRIMINAL, she is suicidal.
SORRY, NEVER TRUMP. Hillary won by 2.9M votes, Glad you stayed in the Senate. Plz. stop Repub. from screwing us over.
Not worth selling my soul for.
Good luck
1/ are you kidding me?? Where is the outrage about a foreign country actually influencing our election?! I must assume...
2/..you are perfectly fine with it. Where is your patriotism Joe? America as we know it will be gone when Trump..
3/ ..sworn in. You think he cares about the citizens? Just need to take a look at his cabinet, Putin-money lovers!!
4/ We will be lucky if there is anything left of America after his 4 years!!
5/ Medicare & SS cuts, big tax breaks for the wealthy, while single parents have to pay more taxes...
6/...economical crisis form his bad trades more hungery and poverty, criminalization of prostests, etc.
7/ This is going to be a slow and painful death of us all.
move to #GOP already.
You useless kiss-up DINO.
Thank you for your service to our country and your common sense approach. We more more leaders like you.
You just got dissed for Perry who can't even remember the name of the Energy Dept. Don't you get it yet?
Ignore the haters Joe. I been critical of you but maybe there is hope.
I'm a constituent.  Will you call for indep. bipartisan investigation of hacking? BTW - you/DJT will do nothing for WV.
Couldn't get the 41 votes, couldn't get Energy.  Peddle epipens.  Counsel laid off Mylan workers.  @HeatherBresch @MylanNews
become a Republican like your state is.
you must be kidding Joe. What an embarrassment you are to our state!
