You continue to demonize people like me who have a legitimate medical need for cannabis. You are part of the problem, sir.
Very happy you spoke up. How do you think we can fight rhetoric preventing medical cannabis advancements?
Be loud, uncompromising, and unapologetic. It's time to vehemently shame these bigot politicians.
ya. What abt the public? Do you think edu on med uses for mmj done by Israel & Canada can break neg stigma?
"opioid pills are prescribed "like M&M's."

That's right, Joe.  Unbelievable, highly profitable, and perfectly legal.
Look at a national GIS overlay of Trump voters, prescription opioid abuse, workman's comp fraud, and reported sightings of scary clowns;
the whole county-map is Red dummy - are you a frustrated preacher? you'd Love to burn some witch, huh
you'd fit right in out there- lots of prostitute-torturing and murdering; that seems to be your life's work.

Your wording was mocked but the message is sound. We have a serious opioid problem,it must be addressed.
Hold him accountable #WV.That fund for Black lung is attributed to #Obamacare Joe Manchin wants to join GOP & repeal your HC
What percentage of people who try marijuana end up being hooked on opiates? Why do you connect the two?
btw how is current war on drugs working out
graduating class has only about 160ish it's trampled exsp my generation! Please keep pushing for change and support!
Here is an excellent article on a study that shows the true genesis for this epidemic.
I am originally from East Tennessee and the problem is rampant in rural areas there, too.  Kentucky as well.
So republicans gleefully sign the Moonshot and provides funds for the opiod epidemc. Now they want to take it all away. #WV
and yet, you're not pushing for marijuana reform.
wonder how many families your daughter and her epipen money hungry ass hurt.. war on drugs include her too??
We all know where the problem comes from. Big Pharma. A battle worth fighting with a "formidable enemy from hell"
@OAKtheTown @Sen_JoeManchin Lots of non minorities dying from prescription drugs and now it's a big issue. Funny how that works.
Yeah and let a person of color get caught with one pill. US Gov biggest Drug Pushers
in Florida you getting time per pill like 7+ per
This article shows how @purduepharma is taking OxyContin global cuz US drs prescribing less-so evil!
just wondering how you intend to do better in this 40 year failure of a war on drugs.
handle it then. Instead of locking the users up get them treatment and then go after the pharma industry
Perhaps you should talk to your daughter about it? She may know something.
The problem stems from Big Pharma pushing opioids into our country. Your family can take direct responsibility for that.
I am from a smaller town in mass we also have been hit horribly at least 100 kids I grew up with have passed mind you each
My prayer for Cannibas-Then Jesus said to it, "May you never bear fruit again!" Immediately the tree withered. Matthew 21:19
What's destroying #WV is the ass backward attitudes of its uneducated ppl. Coal jobs are dead-get a freakin education.
We don't need more in jail, we need public campaigns &communities combating this epidemic. Not government.
Opioids don't destroy lives any more than guns do. They are medications that are an incredible tool for Drs.
We already have a drug war, it has cost trillions of dollars, thousands of lives and left millions in prison.
bad deal in your state for sure. But don't blame #cannabis . Do your research. #marijuana isn't the culprit here.
Sorry, bud, but I asked your daughter, and she said no way.  Generic opioids are making her too rich.
I bet there are far more people who have used alcohol and subsequently opioids than marijuana and subsequently opioids
why do you not go after the Drs?  There are records of these prescribers.
actually, Senators who take money from pharma cos is what's destroying our families and communities. Clown
Hey Joe, talk to your daughter about the flood of opioids.
declares war on his daughter and donors!!!
Joe your wrong on this go after the drug manufacturer.
you are misguided.
Know what makes more sense than ramping up the failed war on drugs? Addiction treatment and better pain management thru ACA.
Did you really just say“Well, we need to declare a war on drugs...” Helllooooo!
http://www.cnn.com/2016/12/20/politics/joe-manchin-war-on-drugs/ …
@maine has The Answer Reefer Rehab! Amazing results, I watched it on @VICELAND
Yes. How about excepting NO money from big drug companies or insurance companies for political races.
I'd suggest watching @johannhari101 @TEDTalks on this subject as your comments indicate you have an outdated understanding
of how addiction, #DrugWar the correlations between Big Pharma&increased heroin use Also marijuana
is not a gateway drug nor does it lead to usin opioids,do your homework or lose your seat #UpToUs 
Hard for outsiders to understand the situation in WV.
EASY 2 UNDERSTAND: CORRUPT FOOLS LIKE SEN HERE WON'T LEGALIZE POT WHICH WUD SOLVE 70% REST JAIL DRS
I'd vote Manchin president!
The crime rate must be high among whites also!
.@Sen_JoeManchin @wvgazettemail 

Blaming marijuana instead of your daughter's opioid industry. Anti-science.

https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/working_papers/WR1100/WR1130/RAND_WR1130.pdf …
Offer #addiction tx like #methadone & #buprenorphine to save lives!Programs like @ProjectECHO can help!
maybe ur WAR should b on drug companies. U can't  that? R u blind & dumb? Shame on u! @wvgazettemail Obesity=WAR on food?
do you plan on imprisoning & enslaving the citizens of WV to fight your "new" drug war? Or will they just get rehab?
watch #The13thFilm on Netflix by @ava  to see how & why the war on drugs has been in effect since Nixon admin.
which drugs are gonna be killed in the war against drugs? Oh, Only more American citizens will be killed & imprisoned. Smh
you're confused, you need a war on pharmaceutical companies… The drugs you were talking about are completely legal
be a champion for the people, declare a war on big pharma not the addicts. Follow the money!
I'd like to hear your explanation on how you sleep at night knowing you take money from Mylan #hypocrite
treat addiction, save lives. @DrMelissaWeimer is out there doing the work.
yet the new war on drugs you want to declare won't target the manufacturers, it'll just target addicts who need help.
.@Sen_JoeManchin 
Does @MylanNews bear any responsibility for the overdose epidemic due to their manufacturing of generic OxyContin?
Heather Bresch_opioid dealer_destroying WV. U R complicit in the destruction
- How about if we ask people to be adults and bear some personal responsibility.
those people should "just say no" to drugs.
This is joke. War on drugs? You can't be serious? If so, you're a clown
why don't you do something about these pharmaceutical companies getting rich on it! #BigPharma #therealproblem
.@Sen_JoeManchin .@wvgazettemail set an example an take a drug test in front of your constituents #saynotodrugs
and when people can't get there opioids they turn to heroin as a replacement. Marijuana actually helps people
Will they start stop and frisk in WV?
fuck that
Well Trump is proposing that for Chicago!
and what treatment options are you going to implement?
In Florida there are none. Pain patients are in pain, so overdose victims (already dead) can be "saved."
yeah. So declare a war on Big Pharma and the crooked dr.s not the a people made into addicts by them.
and with this greed driven new admin it will all get worse
Big Pharma and docs to blame, not the patients!! It's all synthetic heroin.

Thank you for all you have done to fight this growing wave of drug crime in our state!
pls keep after these irresponsible companies and the corrupt doctors who continue to over-prescribe.
and the trial lawyers pushing people to get on meds to drive up their settlement range
, it is also disturbing that drug manufacturers are now jacking up the price of naloxone, the od antidote.
