WONDER IF HE'D CARE IF HE LIVED IN A BLUE, BLUE STATE?I DON'T THINK SO!
Then you better stand up with the rest of the Dems and Fight for the ACA..please do what's right for your state and people. We need this
Why don't you fight for WV against Jim Justice. Raising taxes on one of the poorest states in the country! WV needs help!! #helpwv
my grandfather died from lung disease as a. Coal miner. Clean energy is needed. Retrain
Where is the petition? #pensions
saying coal is coming back is like saying typewriters are coming back.  Stop pandering to miners, tell them truth #coal
China gets 25% of coal fr NK. Does DJT's 'tradedeal' = US goes Big Bully on NK & China gets coal from WV? DJT's '$ too strong' = rise in Yen
@UAW @Teamsters @MineWorkers  Manchin is a FAKE moderate Voted 5 times against Trump on repeal of $$ regulations #tcot #MAGA @VP @POTUS @GOP
@bydsFinger  Protect miners, I am all for it! Now it is time to protect unborn miners!
yeah you're really fighting for the miners...voted for Gorsuch...party sell out  party traitor,hope they vote 
CongratulationsMiners finally get justice & permanent extension of health benefits. We pray it was justice not your selling your soul
I am from New York, and I will be donating  to your primary opponent, and do my best to help bringing you DOWN
SUPPORT DEMOCRATS or Become a REPUBLICAN..
Why are miners benefit paid for by the state (aka the taxpayers)? The union should do this.
A traitor to the Democrats, but now want their help. Are we supposed to forger you voted for stolen SCOTUS Gorsuch?  Repeal & Replace You!
Time to join the @GOP and help us grow the working class again in America.
if U don't make millions & billions 2 stuff Congressional pockets, the GOP doesn't give a rat's arse bout U
Oh and the Dems do?? What a joke u liberals are!!
Stop playing both sides of the fence. Are you with lefties Pelosi, Schumar and Durbin in the dem party or not! Switch or lose in WV! #MAGA
Why don't you talk to them about their 13 dollar an hour pay cut and no more collective bargaining for wages? You used to be a Democrat.

You're no Democrat.  Why don't you just admit you're a Republican?  You voted for Neil Gorsuch, a corporate toadie & a plagerist.
My hubs worked 33yrs+ & yes at lower pay ($15 less) 4 health ins, + UMWA miners were promised health ins by Pres Taft. Pension n danger 2.
Demand 45 release taxes ASAP Uhave been silent on this which makes U complicit. The people deserve 2know. Your job is to speak up for us!
@JoeManchinWV U speak with Forked tounge...!
The coal miners voted GOP, they don't want government healthcare.  Stop fighting for them. They don't want your help.
Not all Miners voted GOP & These Coal Miners were promised Healthcare in place pay increases, it is due 2 them! 
U r correct @jestmb.
Do not repeal the ACA. Please. I live in your state. I'm sick. If I lose my health care I will die. Don't repeal it.
Why aren't you holding news conferences everyday calling out the blatant corruption from the trump crime family what the hell are you doing?
3 ways to stop coal mining all liberal policies global warming,college brain washing, killing the miners children with planned parenthood.
Pro Life my A**. Joe Manchin is a liar.Planned Parenthood thanks Joe for lying to his voters.
You'd better get off trying to pass gun control, or you're toast! MOLON LABE!
TRAITOR we will make sure you don't get voted, you just helped electeing a RUBBER STAMP. THE SEAT WAS NOT THIS #gorsuch
you are also fired

u did it again change PARTY u r disgrace to D. u forget what Mitch did to Obama, people pls out vote him he is disgrace
Can't miners Sign up for ACA
(1) Hope no miners have any job related illnesses as as today the @HouseGOP discussed about replealing the ACA. (Obamacare)
Trump wants Manchin on part his team
Look for Trump's ACA for coal miners
Shame on U, sellin urself 2 Trump. Ur coal miners W black lung will find out soon enuf bout the man when he repeals ACA.
Benefits for miners is great, but some of the #AMLTrustFund should be for water treatment. #RichardMine #DeckersCreek
DEAR SEN.MANCHIN, I REALLY NEED TO TALK TO YOU. I TRIED TO GET A PHONE NUMBER TO TRY TO GET A HOLD OF YOU.
304-342-5855 WV office. 202-224-3954 D.C. Office
THANK YOU THANK YOU SO MUCH.
no worries. I grew up in WV
GREAT PLACE ME TOO
hey... did you vote FOR Gorsuch confirmation??? 
#askingforafriend 
#Resist #TheResistance #tRUMPtreason #tRUMPimpeachmentparty
http://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/4/6/1650702/-Kentucky-Coal-Mining-Museum-is-going-solar …

'Nuff said. 

Please get grants for them to re-train. #coal is dead.

#climatechange 
http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/325515-the-hills-whip-list-where-dems-stand-on-trumps-supreme-court-nominee … Looks like you need to be voted OUT bye bye
Mystery billionaire spent $17 mil dark money to defeat Garland & install #Gorsuch and you SUPPORT that? #StolenSeat  http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/3/30/1648842/-Democrats-demand-answers-from-Gorsuch-on-dark-money-but-Manchin-and-Heitkamp-don-t-care …
More concerned about the miners & families. Been there since my dad was a miner. Do what is right for these workers. They deserve it.
Miners need to keep healthcare unions promised
Lotta good you're going to do the miners, and all workers, Senator, when you support Gorsuch.  We're watching and will remember!!!
They're in respiratory therapy fighting black lung.  The rest of your mountaineer folks are sucking down opioids because they live in WV
Vote NO on plagiarist Gorsuch!!!
boy are you out of touch, I think you're 50 years too late, Rip Van Winkle
It's been proven that the majority of Americans want the ACA(with a few minor fixes)2 remain. So why is the GOP so hellbent on destoying it?
#StopGorsuch who has characteristics & record of #Fascist whether club was joke or not he's a corporate puppet!
#Gorsuch founded #FascismForeverClub opposes #Environmental protection #StopGorsuch save #Democracy http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html … 
@HardballChris If Manchin and all think that voting for Gorsuch will get GOP to vote for them, they are too clueless to leave in office.
Time to vote this clown out. You're not a Democrat. Trump supreme court pick is for corporations not the people who voted for you.
No, we need YOUR help, @Sen_JoeManchin! Trump is at 37%, that includes WV. And it's not two wrongs. It's a right to correct a wrong. #Resist
NO on Gorsuch.  SCOTUS has worked with 8 judges for 13+ months - NO vote until #TrumpRussia investigation done.  Also, Gorsuch sucks.
You want help? Don't betray your party.  There is reason they don't want gorsuch. Show some respect.
Do not vote for Gorsuch. The people are watching you...
Coal mining is a dead field like building horse & buggy in time of cars! Better to re-train these men in renewal energy!
Tell them the TRUTH!!!  It will NEVER be like it was before.  AND, good thing ur not my Sen...VOTE NO for Gorsuch!!!
You are a Republican .Why are you running under Democratic banner? No on Gorsuch, stand with your party.
yeah, and when the Dems need your vote - you're MIA. Just change to GOP, you vote with them.
So how's that betrayal of your country coming along? Still stand with Trump's GOP on Gorsuch? Where's the progressives in WV for a primary?
No such thing as clean coal, move on!
It's a dead, dirty industry, Senator.
Yet you vote with Repubes more than once. Repubs dont care about miner safety/jobs. Where were U to save mining jobs before Trump?
vote against Gorsuch you sell out

NEED OUR HELP? VOTE NO TODAY
Now your voting in favor of Trumps SCOUTS nominee? Your a hack!  I'll be mad  to your challenger although in don't live in your state.
You r on your own
Change Parties. You Belong Elsewhere.
#Despicable
We will remember your votes for Trump cabinet and Gorsuch.  Shame! #StopGorsuch
Be a democrat. Vote with your party. Your voters need you to stand against SCOTUS. Can't have it both ways. Think GOP cares about WV miners?
Did Pence offer you some of his Russia money? He's going down with Trump..So will you. Risky
really? coal is NOT. COMING. BACK.
You're going to vote on SCOTUS know that the entire thing is about to collapse. No backbone, no character, no integrity. You are shameful.
Would expect Dems to help you-NOT Republicans. Dems tried to help miners. But you and WV vote with Republicans!!!  NO on Gorsuch!
NO to Gorsuch please 
Your fighting for yourself.   #yournotWVanymore
In office since 2010 & u never attempted to introduce a plan to retrain miners to work in the clean energy field? #yourafuckingphony

Coal is dead. Retrain miners in good paying clean energy jobs. Stop lying senator & give miners REALISTIC help.


Do NOT support Gorsuch!!!
But voting for Gorush. Not ok
Protecting WV miners right to get lung cancer and pollute the planet (rather than creating sustainable clean energy jobs) LAZY JOE!
.Sen_JoeManchin A vote for Gorsuch is a vote AGAINST those like the miers pictured! NO ON GORSUCH!!!!!
U need to rethink your Trust in the Supreme Court Pick. More/More it looks like Trump/Team has been in collusion W/Russia. His pick is Life!

Stop with the fake caring for miners!  Gorsuch rules to diminish their rights & you support him.  watching behavior not listening to ur lies
U R voting 4 Gorsuch against what the ppl of your state want. Vote 4 Gorsuch & U will be voted out in 2018. Don't let the GOP buy your vote.
If you were a real Democrat you would tell these minors the truth. Donald doesn't have their backs against the mine owners.
You need to switch parties, all you do is support trump's policies. And we won't even get into the subject of your daughter and Epipen.
Vote NO on #gorsuch !!!
I'm a conservative from Oklahoma , and like you very much. You embody what Dems used to be ,like JFK. Hope you win 2018
Miners will get NO protections if you vote for corporate shill Gorsuch. He's ok with a guy freezing 2death 4a job. What'll he do to miners?
What are you doing for drive up photo booth operators? Bring those jobs back while you're at it.
why don't you just start with not being a Republican wannabe and change your plans to vote in Neil G.
Fire Manchin! Support opponent with $$$ - Shame on him! He does not support his party!
that wont happen with Gorsuch. So vote NO! And people will know you are serious. Otherwise your credibility will be DONE
damn shame the horse and buggy lobby wasn't as powerful.
Vote for the filibuster!!!'n
A Trump-level liar. Intentionally voting bi-partisan to defend himself from all sides, cover his ass. We need committment, not CYA. Must GO!
Do NOT support Manchin!!! Coal is dead, and he would pollute the planet to save jobs that are dinosaurs..This faux Republican MOST be ousted
good luck with coal. Old tech...why get hopes up of miners? Reinvest and provide real opportunities for workers.
Why don't you fight your fellow GOP'rs who want to confirm Arch-CONservative Gorsuch to the Obama SCOTUS seat? #Capitulator_NoDem
Thanks for nothing. What did trump give you or what did you give him? The residents of your state deserve to be poor with no health care.
Disappointed in your vote for Gorsuch.
False hope for coal miners is not a good thing.
SCOTUS NOMINEE GORSUCH values corporations over workers. YOU are a wolf in sheep's clothing! A fake. YOU'D  ROB THE POOR FOR SELF ENRICHMENT
we watched you cope w mining tragedy. How can you vote for nominee who defends corporations right to kill employees?
a truck driver almost froze to death. was fired for seeking shelter. only one judge out of 7 sided with the employer. https://twitter.com/democracynow/status/845722066640945153 …
Better change your vote to NO on the #GorsuchHearing or you'll be leaving D.C.
https://youtu.be/hMjVHnU53X8  #Traitor  You @Sen_JoeManchin are a Sell out and a Corrupt official! You have no spine! Can't wait to Vote you out!
sell out!!! You're such a crook and a coward! You are Benedict Arnold for real! Omg! Such a traitor to you're Voter's and the @DNC
If you are supporting WV you should not be voting for Gorsuch who show a lack of regard for people and doesnt Carr about common people
Please don't vote for Trump's Supreme Court pick. He represents corporations and the wealthy
No you are not!  Judge Gorsuch will make rulings against these working families....he is elitist..private school..rich status!
True supporting Gorsuch?  Not Democrat or a decent human being
https://youtu.be/Q_2Krd33zJo  You're a Sell out!!! @Sen_JoeManchin You are a disgrace!
Please tell us about your respiratory health problems.
Please talk some sense into all of those idiots who have drank the Kool-Aid
Sweet Joe servin' up some Black Lung. Enjoy fellas.
Senator, Gorsuch will put an extreme leaning right wing in the Supreme Court. The GOP never gave the Obama nominees a chance
Lost my family's votes. No to coal!
Want to protect the miners, maybe you should find them new jobs repairing our failing infrastructure. #PrimaryManchin
Thanks for being so honest by putting the country before your party. It is very refreshing in todays environment.
We don't want Any illegal aliens taking jobs From Americans. Its job theft. We can't take the world 2 raise. We have homeless Vets,orphans
why don't you think of a bill for clean energy in their area so they can work for Clean?!
Push for cooperation from your party. We need to protect Americans first. Arrest elected officials/Any1 aiding abetting Illegal Aliens . DAV
It seems like every1 should move 2 Greenbrier 4 police protection.Take 1 officer from overstaffed departments(Greenbrier) send m 2 McDowell
when the next election comes around, his primary challenger needs to get the funding.
thank you so much!!!!
Why bother? They wanted DT, now they can go to hell. They have the govt they deserve. #DINO #russiagate No on NG!
Coal jobs won't return. Natural gas has made too many inroads and it is now almost completely automated so.... no jobs will return there. 
How can you say you are fighting for coal miners & vote for Gorsuch? GOP doesn't give a damn about Sick Coal Miners. Gorsuch w/let them die.
No you're not. You don't care about protecting miners as you vow to confirm a man who sides with big corporations over worker's rights! Liar
AMERICA NEEDS TO BE REMINDED LEGISLATIVE BRANCHES WORK FIR: WE THE PEOPLE,by the PEOPLE,FOR THE PEOPLE. For FUCK SAKE
Finally !! common sense prevails...hope others will soon follow...its time for the Dems to start governing..election is history
lying to the people you represent. Those jobs aren't coming back. Help these people w/new jobs that don't kill them!
Could someone please explain to me how coal miners became the only workers worth caring about?Retrain. It's a planet killing, dying industry
You're a Republican through and through
TRY SAVING THE WHOLE COUNTRY  DON'T VOTE GORSUCH IN...STOP IT!!!!!!!
Coal is OVER idiot!
You sound like a fucken #republican
Get the f*** out of the democratic party.
Hey joe coal is dead good luck selling that shit it's wind solar and infrastructure wake up and be a democratic or leave our party
What coal jobs? Haven't you heard that two more mines just closed next week? Are you in favor of making buggy whips +button hooks 4 shoes?
They would, but they've died from black lung disease, sorry. Thanks for protecting them.
WHAT ABOUT BLACK LUNG DISEASE WHY WOULD U PUT THOSE FAMILY AT RISK.,AND THE RETIRED NEED TO SAID THE TRUTH ABOUT THOSE PLACES.
You should be fighting to protect the environment!
Let's get this straight.  You are going to vote FOR Gorsuch? This was a stolen seat!  You work for US.  SHAME on you! #DoYourJob
Start by voting no on Trump's picks.
You're a Republican. Switch parties already.
Thank you senator for all your backing.
Fuck this hipster trying to go retro with his energy needs. Fuck coal!
you r a good man.. Ur what the Dems were many years ago.When did all this hatred n bigotry start.Im so Ashamed of most Dems
