it's good to see a democrat senator, like Joe Manchin, who puts America first, over party politics! Thank you Joe!
Nobody who votes for a KKK supporter puts "America first". Money first, maybe.
Sessions simply supports the death penalty. Not so much anti-KKK. Good effort though.
and you going to bat for him is telling of your own values.
Of course you are. Everyone is Jewish when defending bigots these days.
I'm very disappointed that you voted for Sessions. How do you explain that to the people who voted for you?
70% of our state voted for Trump.  Manchin is not liberal.  He's a conservative democrat.  That's how.
Correction, he's a politician. I've voted for Manchin every time. I expect him to answer for himself!
By the way, thank you for what you do. Our state wouldn't survive if not for churches.
Thank You
You're welcome.  I meant it. I'm not religious but I have so much respect for our churches.
I understand. I'm not religious either. But I have a relationship with Jesus.
With all the archeology digs, we know for sure he existed so no doubting that.
Stop kissing #TheCheetoInChief 's ass. Stop voting for his evil henchmen! #Resist!
It is too bad that you didn't have the courage to stand up to Trump after he disparged Sen. Warren. It seems that few do.
Since you voted for Sessions, I'll do whatever I can to make sure a true progressive sits in your seat.
@JosIbarra14 @Sen_JoeManchin

Same here, Mira!
joe manchin is a worthless POS.
I'd rather see a REPUBLICAN in that seat, than him!
Why sit in silence while the pres. talks conspiracy theories in NH and calls Warren "Pocohantas" ?! just sit there?!
Do not confirm Judge Grouch
Shameful vote on Sessions.  You will be voted out. No integrity.
if you are willing to work with an authoritarian what does that make you?
why don't you just go and be a republican, we don't want you in the Democratic Party, you vote republican, go be one.
Senator - thank you for being a #statesman and not just a robot #politician.
you need to be ashamed of yourself. Be ready to vacate that seat!!
@JosIbarra14 @Sen_JoeManchin @POTUS Manchin's kid in trouble w Feds. He's been supporting DT hoping Sessions will help. Oops!
Seriously, remove the (D) from beside your name. You are a disgrace to the Democratic Party. Take lessons from @SenWarren
wait what? he is not allowed to vote and do his job? lemme guess you want anti trump if it kills u.
Let me guess, you'll be thanking Trump even AS he kills YOU?
if it saved our country then yes. thats why im signed up for selective service. God Bless the USA
Heh If you gave even an ounce of shit about this country you wouldn't have elected Trump.
Heh If you gave even an ounce of shit about this country you would have elected Trump.
ftfy
For a draft dodger, tax evader, ah fuck it you don't care.
im not doging any drafts and paid my taxes, i think you just want to whine
Voted for #Mnunchin today.  2018  #DINO!
Did you talk to him about being a mentally unstable Russian asset? Are you compromised? Is he making Heather's
beyond disappointed in your Sessions vote and to see you sit quietly as he called @SenWarren names. #Gentleman
- when @realdonaldtrump brought up fake voter fraud and call a colleague Pocahontas, what did you say?
-- what are getting in return for your weakness?
as West Virginia and I'm proud that our senator is willing to sit down with POTUS to figure out a way to work 2gether
POTUS is trying to tear apart what made this country great.Stand with him--fall with him.
Re Jeff Sessions...You have just committed political suicide. Come 2018 I will vote for ANYONE but you!!! Goodbye.
Disappointed that you neither stood up for @SenWarren nor disputed claims of voter fraud in NH. Democrat or a mouse?
why did you vote for Jeff Sessions forAG. You are not a Democrat.
I look forward to voting against you DINO Joe!
I've voted for you, Sen. Manchin, in every election you have run in. No more. I'm done.
while I appreciate your vote against Devos,Tom price I#dismayed you voted for Sessions. anything to do w/family ties?
I'm sure you will vote for him just like you did Session. #daughterMylonCEOHeather #EpiPenRapist #Traitor
You are a disappointment to the people who voted for you.  My last time.  You are a DINO.
GRASSROOTS MOVEMENT planning SANDERS style funded Primary challenges against all DEMS that break w/ th Party!!#RESIST
You better vote NO on all Repubs R u'll b Primary-ed!!Ur a Dem not a Repub,remember?! Progressives&Dems say #RESIST!!
. Mr. Manchin Please continue to listen to your constituency and don't be bamboozle by this con man.
The people are coming for you Joe. We see what you're up to, and it STINKS!
at what point in the decision making process do you consider what your constituents think about the nominees?
fake bipartisan BS just protecting your greedy hateful daughter shamed you live in our small town traitor!
You are a traitor to the people of WV - stream protection from strip mines should have been your chance to protect us FAIL!
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Manchin DT disrespect D's,he disrespect you too.U stay SILENT.
I support nothing this pres. has to say. Plz don't support him Joe, you've got too much to lose!
the only Dem to vote for Sessions. And your daughter is the CEO who jacked up the prices of EpiPen.
Thank you & your colleagues 4 working w/Pres.Trump! He only wants the BEST for our nation& the American people! #MAGA
why don't you just put an R next to your name?
You discussed what SC nominee? The nominee is named #MerrickGarland. You know this.
Boooo. Resist! Be a REAL Democrat
the way to fight the opiate epidemic in WV. We need Jobs & stop letting Doctor's prescribe the drug to patients in WV
Take that "D" next to your name out. Calling you a "democrat" is a damn disgrace.
Of all of trump's tweets, I challenge you to find one where he is insulting Putin. Why?
.@Sen_JoeManchin We will NEVER forget, you turncoat. You're the next DINO to go extinct. #UniteBlue #FuckManchin #25a
you haven't answered what you are telling your black constituents about your vote for racist Sessions for AG? Coward
Grow a backbone! Stick up to the fascist trump administration! From a democrat, very disappointed in you
100 calls and a donation for your primary opponent--whoever it is.
the same way you #disgraced yourself and your constituents by voting for @SenatorSessions? Time to take U to task.
You mean you farted in the wind and protected your daughter while Trump tweeted. Sad! And duly noted..
We know why you voted for Sessions. You're just as crooked as a Republican. You need to go.
Joe Manchin daughter is being investigated by the justice department..  Jeff Sessions will make it go bye-bye.…
Thank you for good old fashioned West Virginia common sense I miss that in NY
RESIGN
SELL OUT
It's wrong when Trumpers are commenting on how much they like you, Joe, & to Trump it's never a no! Now -Time to go!
you disappoint, Senator. I'm sure those in WV who voted for you agree. You can't have it both ways. Sad.
to vote against judge Gorsuch would be entirely partisan and not reflect your stated WV conservative values. Vote YES
If the Democrats give you any trouble, just become a Republican....we would love you to be on the right side.
You cannot seriously consider confirming Gorsuch. Went against your constituents when you voted for Sessions who is #racist
pretty sure that voting for Sessions makes you a bad person. Just so we're clear.
remember how Joe voted in his own interest not ours in the confirmation of Racist Jefferson Beauregard Sessions as AG
lmao no fool like an old fool ... to much coal dust
Give it up, dude, you BLEW it! Your day is coming soon enough.
Change the D next to your name to an R . You sir are not a democrat or a representative of the people of WV .Trumpian
JUST REREGISTER AS A REPUBLICAN AND DO US ALL A FAVOR. WE KNOW WHOSE SIDE U R ON AND ITS NOT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
you can make all the statements you want but you STILL voted for Sessions so you're nothing more than an opportunist.
you are the enemy.
.@Sen_JoeManchin @POTUS  Ah get a room already you two.
Good luck next election. No Dem will vote for you after you helped approve Sessions. We won't forget
And the Dems voted for Hillary?
Voted against DeVos bit for Sessions?? What's up with that?
how about you ask the citizens of WV how we want you to vote on this nomination? You do work for us after all, right?
Follow $! His daughter is the one responsible for the price gouging of pharmaceuticals. Politicians=money not people!
Somebody needs to primary this DINO.
you are a good man. Consider moving to Louisiana maybe?
- Until Chucky tells you how to vote
you'll do what in the best interest of Joe not the people of wv
Want 2fight opioid abuse?Start w/Dr.s that hand out like candy but don't help off it. Also #LegalizeMarijuana =nonaddictive!
You need to go to the Republicans and join them. We don't want you as a Democrat
We'd love to have another patriot!
take him! We're going to vote him out anyway
joe is a fake democrat we need someone better then him to run against him in the up coming mid terms. He's cowardly!!
say no. Hold up the nom like the repubs did Obama's nom. #nothischoice #44schoice
You voted for Sessions, you have no integrity.
and you have no brains
Shameful to enable a totalitarian like @POTUS . Just a step away from, "I was only following orders." Pathetic!
You already proved you don't care about unbiased judiciary or civil rights by supporting @SenatorSessions #BlockGorsuch
You are not a Democrat. Kissing up to Trump you will pay the price.
Based on how you are now proceeding I will consider supporting looking to a new choice for the Democratic party.
You voted for DeVos. Your seated right next to  undemocratic President as he uses you. He will not support you in WV
I believe your seat will be available in 2018, right? 
Machin votes Yes for all but one candidate. Negligent in doing what's best for Virginians! Career done. @TheDemocrats
what's the deal? Kiss up to the Rs who voted for Trump in your state and forget about Dem voters?
what's with you voting for Sessions huh? NOT COOL!
I suppose you promised your vote for all other djt nominees! You are not a Dem!
the DINOs are obsolete. we're tired of you selling out West Virginians. your vote on Sessions was unconscionable.
"Grab them by the pussy."

You make all Americans proud.
. @Sen_JoeManchin @POTUS You can't trust anything he says-the guy is a pathological liar. Stop normalizing him
You are a democratic traitor!
You will be high on list come primary time 'cuz you need to go
Like they worked with Obama on his last SC pick ? Are you wobbling ?
Progressive dems will run a candidate against you in 2018. You are a disappointment to Democrats.
u made a big deal about not being able to support #devos where is your statement on why you support #RACIST #Sessions
You have your head so far up his ass. You are the only #Democrat to vote for that #Racist #Sessions.
Why did you vote yes for Sessions?
You are a good man. Thanks for representing your constituents first, not party.
what prize did you get for your vote?
you are going to be voted out of office. You're pathetic!
even if "help" just means a simple audit that reveals answers to why the sudden and unexpected budget crisis.
You are the ONLY Democrat in the Senate with a mind of your own. Thank you!
I make tea out of democrat TEARS .  losers all of you, REPUBLICANS WON and now we'll make you suffer for caring 
you're a traitor. Just join the GOP already!
Well;  Senator Manchin got long way to go hope you all do not get the nuclear option pulled on you. But looks likely.
how can u trust him after u sat next 2 him today while he lied 2 America! U have done nothing 2 represent the US.
Standing up for civil rights, justice, and equality must be the bedrock of the Dem Party. Ur vote for Sessions is a disgrace
You are part of the problem! Stand up for The People! We The People are watching you!
Care to explain voting for Sessions? You betrayed your constituents again Manchin. Expect a primary challenge.
Bipartisan collaboration is what's expected of elected officials.Good 2see there's 1 rational grownup in Dem party! @Sen_JoeManchin @POTUS
Republican not Democrat
.@Sen_JoeManchin Do U look fwd to @jeffsessions ruling favorably in the Epi-pen suit against your daughter Heather Bresch, CEO of Mylan?
WOW. Finding common ground/compromise.  Why aren't you minority leader.  Country would be so much better w/adult ldr
Vote NO! Unless of course you think he can help out your daughter like Sessions. Vote NO!
Thank you Senator Manchin for being the only grown-up to represent Democrats in the Senate.
Grown-up =/= cowtow to manbaby dictator.
Can't wait to vote against you next time. Voting for Sessions as a democrat is unforgivable. You're a disappointment
Ignore the naysayers. They're repeating information from the radical left, info that is unfair and untrue.
looking at you sit next to @realDonaldTrump was very disturbing Trump will use anybody you fell for it #RESISTANCE
you lied to your constituents & the rest of Democrats u sat listening to @realDonaldTrump refer to @SenWarren as Pocahontas
do you see the venom in your current party?  They are attacking your daughter now!  Sound familiar?
all He did was feed you breakfast and you voted for Sessions!  Omg!  You have failed us....
Stay strong & fearless, Sen. Manchin, as u strive 2 serve WV by doing what's best for USA. That is worth supporting.
Sad about AG and clean water votes. Already received request from Corp to buy my mineral rights. Bad for environment
like the way you caved and voted for Sessions. could is have anything to do with daughters price goughing lawsuit
thanks for being open to getting work done. Nothing but respect for you.
TRAITOR!!  Dancing with the devil.
#MerrickGarland
@krallenstange  lets not pretend your vote is up in the air. @wvdemocrats  #primary moderate doesnt mean vote 4 sale
why would you vote yes for sessions ...you should be ashamed of yourself
I'm thinking you are going to be primaried!  So long Joe!
Fascists belong together! Resign from the Democrat party and join the New Fascist Republican party where you belong!
better switch parties before #antifa comes after you. You are welcome on the Trump train.They left you, not you them
your teammates ignored the miners. They ignored the state.  They disdain WV culture.  Don't walk away from Dems. Run!
Senator Manchin thank you for being the VOICE of REASON in your PARTY This is how America should get along
says nobody
How can u trust him when he lies everyday. He does not read or study the issues. So sad!!!
Very diplomatic & bipartisan statement. I respect that.
We look forward to 2018 @Sen_JoeManchin No one will forget your vote on @SenatorSessions by @POTUS I'm sure @MylanNews is quite happy too.
Why are you normalizing this unstable, manipulated person? We need you to stand up for us.
Thank you for listening and supporting the President on issues you feel will help America. Nice to show bipartisan 
you are a weak man- be ready to find a new job when the time comes
They almost never are....
you are the only democratic I actually respect. Thank you for being fair!
because he is going to have wife GAYLE push $$$$$$ #epipen on schools for his daughter Heather Bresch Really?
still waiting for the explanation on voting yes for sessions.
explanation for what? The AG must be black liberal to be qualified?
You are weak. You are supporting an autocracy and not representing the people.
