Thank you!!!!!
@Sen_JoeManchin resign from the senate. We don’t want #fakedemocrats in the senate anymore #dropout #wvsen #wvpol
So you'll be voting for Morrisey?
No..I will be voting myself. :)
And I will vote for @paulajean2018 as well
you voted in favor of that bill...
You have allowed you state to become a virtual opium den and now you say "WHO KNEW" and the bad part is because of your inaction, and other state reps, we who truly suffer from chronic pain will pay for it! Not u, not the drug dealers, not addicts! So! So! SAD 
You should change parties ASAP. Why would you continue to be associated with the scumbags Who currently comprise your party?
You approved the law in 2016???   What - too busy looking for photo ops to have read it?
So glad u r moving forward. Let's see if it passes!!!
With states like Ohio and West Virginia fighting opioid crisis, we don't need this bill.
It's the opposite of what you think. It allows the DEA to enforce arresting/stopping drug pushing pharm
Sure you did so your daughter could get rich. Leave WV gun laws alone, we were raised with guns, n we'll die by guns. You need to go, Joe
How bout this..manufacture the same number of pills that are prescribed....duh bet there won't be as many on the street.
Let's get this repeal going! How many more lives do we need to destroy? #Ihateheroin
My question is as WV Senator how did this bill get passed under the great POTUS44 #Obama.  You did not protect your state in 2016 why now
Thank you Joe. @realDonaldTrump Dump Marino please
oh thank you for saving the heroic drug companies. now more people can die from opioids. wtf are you talking about?!
It’s the opposite
erm, no.
At least @PoppyHarlowCNN was honest, but a real indictment again on her & centrist media: Not knowing about bill tying DEA hands on opioids. 
Do you think #WVians are stupid enough to not read dates?!? Writing a letter now does not dismiss you ignoring the bill in April of 2016. Tell your financial ties to Big Pharma while you are it! #PeopleDieYouLie #PaulaJean2018
https://twitter.com/japamahatma/status/922071091304022016 …
Good move. Thanks.
Hope you're successful! Big pharma gives too much money to politicians in order to get what they want! That must stop for change to happen.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/ex-dea-agent-opioid-crisis-fueled-by-drug-industry-and-congress/ …
Proud of you Sir! The Republicans need a good and honorable man like you. Thank you for the awesome job that you are always doing.
@ginadahlia possible story for next newscast?
Why no federal "stop" agrmt. so "pharm" experts who "were" in govt positions can't work for "pharms" for 5 yrs. after leaving govt. posts? 
And about that whole EpiPen bill you did, is that next on the chopping block?
Its the hosipitals and doctors that prescribe. Why go after the company that makes it?
Thank you! Please don't give up!
thank you. my sweet stepbrother Jimmy dead age only 48 from OD.
Why aren’t we sanctioning Russia?
Trump continues hiring #CorporateLobbyists & SURROGATES ie @EPAScottPruitt into #GovernmentAgencies 2 MAXIMIZE #CorporateProfits at ANY COST
Seems crazy that you even have to do this, but I’m glad you are.
Thank you. I still want to know where @MarkWarner & @timkaine stand on this issue. Angers me to think of Congress & pharma as complicit.
Thank you sir you are one of the great ones. By the way please get your friends to start the Impeachment @JoyAnnReid @@Sen_JoeManchin
Thank you, Senator. The distribution network also needs to be included in some type of action.
Senator Manchin, I agree with removing the cuffs from DEA agents, with regard to opioids. How about an addendum to lower Mylans epi pen fee.
Shouldn't the DEA be able to crack down on drug companies who violate laws?
Exactly what he is trying to do

great idea, thanks
33,000 opioid-related deaths in 2015. 33,000 deaths by guns every year. Can we please address both?
@Sen_JoeManchin this is awesome, I just wonder how it pases in the first place?
Great job Joe. Hope you run for #POTUS
Thank you Joe
Thank you, NOW you can fix your previous error.
You need to go away. #MylanManchin
THANK YOU SENATOR MANCHIN! This is a Democrat.
I'm happy to see this; it's clearly a terrible law. But the 2016 bill passed by unanimous consent with no objections. How is that possible?
Please become a Republican and vote ProLife!
I’m with you Joe
Why didn't you vote against the Marino bill in the first place. Your state is being decimated by opioids. You are despicable!
Oops! I was looking for Menendez update on here. Dont see it. Where can I find it. Liberal news outlets aren't covering!
Please tell your constituents why you are going to dinner with Ivanka and Jared Trump
I saw the 60 minutes show last night. Good stuff. As an R, I like that.
This entire mess stops on the steps of Congress. Millions were sold out to put  in pockets of leaders and big pharma.
I am not a constituent, but thank you! This is a very important step to address this crisis.
You getting the whistle blower his job back
The greedy dug companies you support nearly killed me.
Thank you
Thank you, Senator.

Thank you.
Don’t forget to vote yes on the tax reform bill!
Stop it at the source.
Pharmaceutical companies know addiction is the key to profits.
Answer why some areas of FL have 100s
Oxis/per person
Dinner with the trump kids to black mail you into supporting the tax scam!  Won’t help anyone in your state
If u aren't horrified lobbyist & distributors go unchecked  & r literally killing ppl we r clueless. Thx Sen for doing right by citizens
Atta boy Joe
Is this in response to the @60Minutes piece last night? 11 million pills delivered to a WV county of 25000 is ridiculous.
It’s a start
Great. Now let's get @MarshaBlackburn @OrrinHatch @RepTomMarino 2 give back $$ they got 4 changing the law. Don't need drug dealers in Cong
So proud of Sen.Joe Manchin for introducing bill to repeal legislation that blocked DEA efforts at stopping Opiod crises 
gun owners must have a permit & registrar all guns.Failure to do so would result in a fine or jail time.gun epidemic is as bad as opioid
Do what they did in Illinois and then a national registry. End gun shows
A prime example where gun control does not work! More deaths and shootings than any other American city. Over 500 deaths so far this year .
There were no "nays" in either chamber when the bills were up for a vote and  passed. Can you explain your about face now?
Why are you meeting Princess Ivanka for dinner? Do you work for donors or your People?
No time for that! There's someone smoking a joint in a park somewhere!
Where were you in 2016? How many people died because of you ? Resign and get off the Russian payroll
Will this affect your Daughters business?  I bet not.
PLEASE do NOT have dinner with Jared & @IvankaTrump re taxes! They R children & U are a SENATOR! They want #EstateTax billions 4 themselves!
Thank you for doing quality work that benefit the people
You should be going after the Doctor's who hand out opiates for a hangnail.
drug dealers in lab coats
Go get em
How can you Intro a bull WHEN YOU HAVE NOT BEEN IN WASH 3 WEEKS???  Liar
He said he intro'd it in 2016.
No he didn't he said it wss a 2016 law which would make it signed by his buddy Obama
Great
