Spotted: @Sen_JoeManchin at the #GorsuchHearing to watch some of the proceedings.
nothing should be decided while 45 is under any kind of investigation!
This coming from somebody that likely voted for a candidate under FBI investigation & should have been indicted
this admin is under FBI investigation. #SCOTUS is a lifetime appointment that should not be made w/o answers. Postpone.
What don't you trust Obama's intel head Clapper when he said he found NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION Need to move ON
@AmelieBaldwin Yes Sen Manchin middle of road
bullshit ! U would like Dems to bend over & take it for Gorsuch,how much does this help your daughter or was Sessions enough
No vote on Gorsuch until Trump/Russia investigated. G supports religious freedom = prejudice and doesn't support women.
OMG, they have been investigating! No proof whatsoever! There is no collusion! Tell them Joe!
He seems like a good man and great pick.
No & No , Jesus Christ who are you morons watching
WV voters don't forget how Gorsuch goes down in favor of BIG BUSINESS over WORKING PEOPLE. Joe is voting for Gorsuch.
so disappointed you will vote for Gorsuch.  Thought you were better than that.
Didnt hear you last year.
Please confirm Judge Gorsuch without delay! Show WV & America that u do things 4 US Citizens, not the radical lib cronies!
@YahooNews Still waiting for all the GOP filibusters and holding Obama's pick back to "come around". Worked out for them.
John Roberts and  court sent regards to Gorsuch in a 8-0 smackdown of his interpretation skills. They know more than you. NO
no president who is under investigation by the FBI should be able to appoint a judge to the Supreme Court
@edatpost obviously not your voting against working people by supporting GORSUCK
Let's see if U can separate Politics from decision will it be Trump hate, Garland revenge or qualified Gorsuch who gets vote
If that were true you would not vote for Gorsuch.  He is against everything Dems stand for. You should be ashamed.
Vote Yes. Gorsuch is a smart man. was confirmed by voice vote by the U.S. Senate on July 20, 2006 ALL YES VOTES. Dems and R
Gorsuch is an honorable, qualified man, Senator.  Please confirm.
then stand up for Merrick Garland!
a President under FBI investigation can't be allowed to make a lifetime appointment. #filibuster
Dems hold Trump up due to FBI investigation when they voted for a candidate under FBI investigation HYPOCRITES
you should also take seriously killing Obamacare. Become a Republican
Phony Joe agrees with you. He sends you a "wink wink, nudge nudge." I wish he would go all out Republican too
Yeah, even the illegitimate, stolen ones. #coward
confirm Gorsuch! GOP confirmed lib judges based on qualifications,not 4 political reasons! Gorsuch very qualified...be fair!
Joe will sell out his fellow Dems and vote in Gorsuch just like he voted in Jeff Sessions. In advance of voting,shame on you
Gorsuch will set back Womens access to affordable health care if overturns Roe v Wade. Please vote NO and empower women.
sir he seems like a good guy but his answers was vague and footised  around things. I hope it's a no
NO TO GORSUCH!!! BLOCK GORSUCH!!#TrumpRussia #dumptrump #darkmoney #trumpgate #NoGorsuch #StopGorsuch #PenceEmails #Bernie
Thank you for supporting Judge Gorsuch!
You're a DINO, aren't you?
"Bite us in the ass"? Have you forgotten how the GOP wouldn't allow a vote for Obama's pick for SCOTUS?
Have you forgotten how many times the GOP filibustered everything for 8 years?
You're against a filibuster? How much have the GOP offered you?
Gorsuch is an anti-woman, anti-human rights, anti-worker EXTREMIST -all #Dems must filibuster- please do right by us!
JUST STOP More Dem crap being spewed to destroy a good man's reputation SICK OF IT
We are watching you very seriously, too. If you vote to confirm this opportunistic ideologue we will unseat you with a Republican if need be
From a conservative, thank you for ur honest consideration. We need to start bringing back rationality to politics.
What about your responsibility to LISTEN to the American People? GOP cannot be trusted, No Deals! Reject Gorsuch!
What about your responsibility to REPRESENT the American People? GOP cannot be trusted, No Deals! Reject Gorsuch!
What about your responsibility to PROTECT to the American People? GOP cannot be trusted, No Deals! Reject Gorsuch!
What about your responsibility to respect CHECKS AND BALANCES? GOP cannot be trusted, No Deals! Reject Gorsuch!
you're irrelevant to the dems. The party is moving left and you will be left behind.
Benedict Arnold quit the Dems and stand for reelection as GOP; don't be a turncoat
I'm a Democrat but, seriously, keep not toeing the party line and do *what your constituents want*.
@edatpost Shame on you for supporting Gorsuch.He's as fake as @mike_pence & cold as a headstone. No vote w/FBI investigation
confirm
.@Sen_JoeManchin consider your future. We the people have spoken.Do what is right for our country vote to confirm #JudgeGorsuch
Vote NO! Or is the future of your political career more important than the future of our country?
Remember what they did to Garland. #dontrewardtheassholes
Remember what Biden said to Bush about NO NOMINATING  Justice in Election year, NO Changing Dem rules AGAIN
are you planning on voting yes for the #SCOTUS nom Neil Gorsuch?
I don't think he deserves consideration while the WH is under FBI scrutiny, especially after the Garland treatment.
Thank you for loyalty to your constituents and your country. Your desire to do the right thing is an example to all WV teens
vote yes on Gorsuch
Garland?
REPUBLICAN wearing a democrat coat.DEMOCRATS get rid of him
@SenCoryGardner NO VOTE OR ACTION for this corrupt Admin. until FBI probe is over!
You need to vote yes for Gorsuch.
With his high moral code & standard of ethics for following the law instead of playing the game, we'll expect your yes vote.
The question I have is will he stand with Schumer and Pelosi or West Virginians. Guess we will see.
i have watched all three days didnt know how i would feel. I think you should confirm Gorsuch. My comments with namecalling.
Please do more research.
Please do not lend your consent to this nominee, Senator. Make us proud. #SCOTUS
I am watching your vote. #nogorsuch
I'm sure he has your vote. No way you'd vote with Dems.
I hope you support this Scotus
Dems are being political if they don't vote 4 him since they all voted for him 10 years ago when nominated to court
Appreciate how you serve, Senator. These proceedings illuminate the difference between politics, legislating, & adjudicating
Thanks for your hard work, this is a qualified candidate ... OK if he is confirmed.
@edatpost stop it. Your a snake and side with majority on any issue
Gorsuch seems to be the real deal, Joe.
U R 1 of the few Senators I can respect these days.  Can't to see how you vote on #scotus nominee.  I have High Hopes!
I hope you vote to confirm.
vote NO, too far right for 40+ years of judging with no balances
Balance? #SCOTUS is to follow letter of law not legislate or provide balance.
we want Gorsuch as the next @Scotus !
YOU want him, I want Merrick Garland
I'm sure you would never miss a political opportunity!  $ over people!
Kinda makes you proud to be a Democrat, doesn't it Senator? Look, Al Franken!
Joe Manchin is a terrorist. Joe Manchin hates America. Joe Manchin is out of touch with society and useless to US.
That's certainly an effective way to change the minds of people who don't already think the same way you do.
