And we know Trump would never lie.
did he lie to Hillary when he said he would beat her?
He lied when he said we didn't know It was Russia.
He lied about Iraq, the NFL ..
He has lied about more than any candidate.
Iraq? Like when Hillary voted FOR it but then said she didn't? What vote did trump have for the Iraq war?
and you're getting on him for something he said about the NFL? Who fucking cares?
He said the NFL called him about the debates schedule. They did not.
He is pathological.
I mean, you're allowed to have that opinion. But Hillary was no better. Do u ever actually wonder why he won?
have dems done any self-evaluation on why they lost? Or why they've lost 13 governorships and over 1000 political seats since 08?
Did he ask you to tweet about his mtg? Miners already covered under ACA with subsidies.
I would rather healthcare get cheaper through the market naturally. Not subsidies. Glad they're working on it.
I'd rather it got cheaper as well. Now the Repubs can fix their failed program Obama used to get Repub buy in.
lol are you saying the aca was passed by Republicans? Haha what?
No. To get their buy in, he used Repub model with a couple of additions. No Repub backup for further fixes .
except literally 0 Republicans voted for the ACA. What are you even talking about?
OK. I'm half right. http://Www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2013/nov/15/ellen-qualls/ac-gop-health-care-plan-1993/ …
that link doesn't work. But I'm assuming ur talking about romneycare. Which is why Romney lost.
Miners MIGHT be your only supporters once you finished with the REPUBLICAN business. 200000 WV depend ACA.
Yeah! We democrats demand division and hate!
is that the same @realDonaldTrump that assured the Mexicans would pay for The Wall?
and what if they do end up paying for it? What will you say then?
you sir need to change parties. He gave you his word? What the fuck is that worth?
Anything Trump said he will do, he will do, ask Hillary. @Sen_JoeManchin @realDonaldTrump
will you hold Don accountable if he doesn't #lockherup ?
What really happened in Lybia? Was Amb. Steve sacrificed to cover up dirty deals? @Aubs89 @Sen_JoeManchin @realDonaldTrump
I hope so Senator if not over 20M of us will be without insurance
You know he lies 96% of the time.  I hope for the miners that this is not a lie, but it probably is.
so you'll talk to Trump but not President Obama?
try again:
It was because the whole thing was a huge partisan pile. That's why. Get w it Ernie
Didn't argue motive. Just stated the facts. He didn't show up for POTUS, not vice versa.
didn't notice @SenateMajLdr stepping out to help you with #MinersProtectionAct  for WV @SenSchumer   @realDonaldTrump
hope you checked your pockets - probably picked now or later
Yes, Obama has picked a lot of hard working people pockets. You're late to the party
Exactly how has President Obama "picked working people's pockets"?
To start you should ask that of some of the 95 million unemployed
I'm asking those who are making the complaint. You ready to answer?
I'm fortunately not one of the 95 million so my answer is empathetic. Obama was proud of decimating coal and steel in WV & PA. Help you?
.
Steel in Pennsylvania began dying in 1980s under Reagan and continued w/GOP DEREGULATION.
Started dying due to ill conceived programs and steel industry complacency. Will come back when leadership puts American jobs first
@MineWorkers @realDonaldTrump bullshit they all got obamacare witch you want to break down without any alternative
A shame, they vote for the puppet, and he will take their insurance. They should be kissing Obama's ass!!
I keep hearing this, yet most people pay huge sums of money for "healthcare" they can't even use. Insurance was taken when they pushed ACA
my ACA is great.
congrats to you. Mine is expensive and useless as are most others.
You mean your daughter running Mylan will get even richer?
Much respect to you senator Manchin.  Much! Common sense will win out every time. Thank you sir.
Now Back To The CNN News Desk For The Report: DNC Catching Fire!
great! Now how about multiple millions losing insurance w/ GOP repeal &not a damn idea what to replace plan
how about those of us who lost their insurance because of obamacare
was it cuz ur policy covered nothing & didn't meet basic care requirements any more?
@mch7576 @realDonaldTrump What are you giving up for others to protect your own hide?
BS! Disagree with you re: John Lewis! John has every right to stand up against Trump! Try it yourself!!!
while selling out the Afordable Care Act in favor of your own re-election!
Senator Manchin- we appreciate you working with President Trump! Great things already happening!
do you really think he remembered the conversation 90 seconds later???
Just put the R next to your name and get it over with. You're no Democrat.
Thank you miners deserve healthcare
,obama tried to destroy the families of coal industry but the people was stronger and Obama is gone
what about miners who were nonunion but were promised healthcare upon retiring provided the put in the time? @CONSOL_Energy
This is how you will show the country how to work together for the common good. Kudos
@fawn_mac @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU SEN MANCHIN.  As #Hannity would say, you are a patriot.
why didn't you work towards diversifying your state's industry. Didn't you see change coming?
he is trying one thing and one thing only= keeping the miners vote.
hope he us able to follow through nit a great track record of completing stuff
great interest move there- how about healthcare for everyone?
you mean Obamacare benefit that Trump and GOP want to scrap. So now asking not to repeal. LOL. Idiots!
We have institutions here in Britain to which we would love to see @realDonaldTrump committed.
and did you talk with him about NOT defunding Planned Parenthood?
Manchin is probably life
keep it going Joe.  You will help to make America Great again.  This is how Congress is supposed to work.
Great to hear. What about promised pensions? https://n.pr/2h0m91s 
he's A liar
and we know how trump is going to screw the wonderful people of WV. Shame on you Manchin.
Senator Manchin is the people's representative A smart and fair man. Perhaps his Dem colleagues will notice
Can we come back to this in a year and see what Trump and the Republicans have done to help miners in WV?
I think Joe ought to help people obtain Epipens for their loved ones also.
. Hope he spoke the truth to you. He lied about everything so far
Joe you know there is no place for you in the dem party...Time to come into the ligth.. Common Joe :)
Senator, pls switch parties. Democrats are behaving so badly.  They hate most of the people in your state.
don't forget the non-union miners who have lost also
TY for working with  PEOTUS.  We hope you are a role model for other Dems.to work with him on state issues.
ur up for re election in red state so u have to kiss his ass
except he lies about everything. What makes you think he wasn't lying to you too?
you believe him? Or are you just selling out Americans? Are you a closet Rep? You can't bargain w/the devil
Joe, I think you should be appointed US ambassador to Russia. Spasiba

Thank you Joe for working with President Trump to make things better for West Virginia and the Country!
this is the sad thing about all of this Cong is duped into thinking that this man knows what he's doing BS
Sen Manchin wake up and smell the coffee don't believe anything he says until it's done he's a con man
playing you like a fiddle.
Pres-Elect Trump PROMISED he would help the steel workers & coal miners! You can count on his word! #MAGA
- can we put you down under the duped list?
Joe you should consider changing parties!!! Your party has obviously left you!!!
Still planning to confirm a Jim Crowe AG?
I can't even....this is so disgusting
I though we passed the environmental debate 10 years ago.... sigh
(committed) is the only word of reality here 
Most know you need to support those in your state but at what cost? Tell us in 2 years miner employment
Thank you!
So when does Manchin become a republican?
Thank you for reaching across the aisle and getting an important job done.
Joe Manchin cannot be trusted. Never have trusted him. Only thinks of himself. Kind of shameful. His works

you should change parties.  I've seen you speak and I know you don't like labels but your you belong in GOP!!
To bad you supported Hillary that would've killed mining and took away more benefits to give to illegals
stop Kushner, no WH for him, Trump follow the rules! You are not a king
fools paradise
#leadership
's counselor said today don't pay attention to DJT's words, go by what's in his heart. I hope you did, Sen.
You need to ditch the party of stupid and switch to @GOP where brain cells matter.
I'm beginning to really like this guy... :) thank you senator Manchin for being above all the politics♡
well, he's a liar, so there's that. Plus, he'll just deny it so, good luck sucker #nevermypresident
aka #LiarInChief committed to working to secure the healthcare benefits guaranteed in #MinersProtectionAct
shame on you, Senator.
some #tweetiot #Trump voters are going to be pretty depressed. No one buys coal, there's no demand.
if you've ever lived in a right to work state you know the employers are in control and salaries are lower.
hope he doesn't promise you one thing and deliver another.
Joe, when you going to leave the Dark Side & come on over to the Repubs? You fit in better with us!
Hands off my Obamacare or give up your health insurance on the back of taxpayers including those miners!
yeah good luck with that #liarsandhypocrites
You should hold that promise in one hand & spit in your other & see WHICH gets fuller.
.  Hate to see you loose your seat Joe. Better switch than fight. Run as a Dem ur toast
Thank you for sharing this.

And you believed him?! Then you are a fool
Politifact: Trump lies 91% of the time. You sure you're in the 8%? NOT (Trump quote)
politifact is on the fake news list..according to CNN
Not CNN but Brietbart - the irony is hilarious
he is a proven liar! Miners lives mean NOTHING to him; we're not the rich and powerful.
So Miners are worried black lung benefits will be gone with the Affordable Care act?
Always liked that you are a reasonable man, Sen. Manchin.
glad to hear it
your a good  senator,  good job sir.
I always liked and thought Sen.Manchin was a great politician.He proofed it ones more.
#MAGA
Of course @Sen_JoeManchin when you speak with a con man like @realDonaldTrump he will tell you what he thinks you want to hear.
Was that after you got on your knees and pledged your undying loyalty.
Neither of you are trustworthy.
way to go Joe!! We love the Dems that come across the aisle to HELP AMERICA
imagine America, finally Mr Trump will spend money of Americans (not foreign wars & foreign support)
If people start expecting @realDonaldTrump to keep his promises, he will have to stop making them.
Please Trump, don't fall for Manchin's act!!!!
67.9% of West Virginians voted for @realDonaldTrump. Whatever @Sen_JoeManchin does is WV's business.
What about the over 20M on The Affordable Care Act?
Thank you for caring for the American people and not special interests.
from a conservative Republican, THANK YOU, sir!
Joe Manchin appears to be a reasonable man and a Senator who wants to help get things done.
I've known you for years, met you multiple times. I'm a social worker in WV. Protect the weakest among us.!
please make it official and switch over to the @GOP
why would he talk to a Obama. They destroyed the miners life. Would be like asking Satan for holy water!
Thank you Joe! FOR PUTTING PEOPLE BEFORE POLITICIANS & MONEY! LIFE IS MORE VALUABLE! BRAVO   
all of y'all ha e a choice get your butt up and go to work or stay sick there ya go
hahahhaha.  Really?  You'll be support him but not Pres. Obama?
Wake up Joe you aren't a democrat anymore. They threw good people out of the party. Make the switch!
Did you check to see if you still had your wallet when you left?
Hey you should pass this by Trumps New commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross has loads of experience with miners
YESSSSSS
Miners as well as all Americans deserve health care. A vocation shouldn't matter.
you work well with fellow republicans. Sell out
I knew that. MSM lied bc HRC hates us "coal people"!
check back with him tomorrow. He'll tell you he never said that.
Thank You, Sen Manchin for putting country before party. I would vote for you even though I'm not a Dem
He should be committed. Many good hospitals in the northeast
You probably voted for him ,just join their party already.
Obama has no time for people who get their hands dirty for a living.
thank you both.  Let's see some bipartisanship that places Americans first and forget credit and blame.
this really illustrates that trump is readily available while impotent pres Obama maintains an indifference
but you wont fight any of the other coverages in ACA
what about non-miners? People w/hard physical labor every day who make $10/hr? Plus all the other millions
What about the other 185,000 WVians who stand to lose their care due to repealing the ACA?
@MineWorkers @realDonaldTrump And how's that going to work for the rest of the good of the US?
he also said he would drain the swamp release his tax return walk away from his business, And u still trust
Make sure you get a receipt.
Congressional Republicans say, keep dreaming.
AS long as taxpayers fund TRUMPWALL. Gut social security and Medicare to fund it
Obama 8 years leadership is worst than  the world economic meltdown.
Duped again Trump is a Liar
nope you're lying and your miners are gonna die.
Stockholm Syndrome. Sad.
U DONT BELONG WITH LIBTARD GROUP ASSOC WITH U REP SALT OF THE EARTH PEEPS SWING OVER WITH TRUMP AND HELP WEST BY GOD M.A.G.A
sure that's what he said but as @KellyannePolls asks.. did you look into his heart? I bet you didn't!
You BELIEVE HIM?  Stop sucking up to him Joe!
Stop trying to reassure people. Trump lies, cheats, steals, bullies, threats.

@realDonaldTrump
What about the rest of us? More than just miners voted for him.
previous replies could NOT be from pp with 'coverage'  I pay prem for unusable cov 
If you work with Trump, I am going to stop voting. Why would you deserve a vote if you're not working for constituents?
You're a DINO. Switch parties you traitor!
He lied to you. He doesn't give a shit about laws or Acts. @realDonaldTrump
By the way, those mining jobs aren't coming back. The fact is that the coal industry even in China is fading.
What about the other close to 30 million losing their health care, some are miners outside of WVA.
Senator, you're a sap. Trump's word means nothing. If you think he'll honor any promise, you're naive.
Nice, so screw the other 20-30 milllion Americans huh?
So disappointed in you.  Are you really this two-faced or is there a decent person hiding in there?
Glad you're leading the way in bipartisanship Senator. Thank you for representing WV so well
How about all of your constituents on the ACA? Nice deflection Senator!

_ And you believed him?
so when will you change your affiliation to Republican?  Not that it will help you win re=election
thank you for you undying loyalty to your constituents. I'm proud of West Virginia and my long time friend.
Joe, thanks for being a reasonable guy.  What are you doing in the Democrat party?
JUST LIKE ALLL  THOSE COAL JOBS   HE PROMISED CHINA NEW EMMISSIONS SMOG TO BAD #TRUMPLIES IDIOTS BELIEVE
Awesome!    So glad they'll be protected!
