how much are they paying you?
then he should have run as GOP
and yours isn't? Lmao
you are typical Senator putting his personal ambitious before the Country what a shame
How about a statement calling for complete and thorough investigation into Flynn and Trump's ties to Russia?! Do your job!
you're no democrat. You're finished after this cowardly display. We see you.
#just become a tea partier and stop your bs
Its best that you resign like your buddy Flynn did. It's just a matter of time before we vote you out. Leave now!!!
I am a Veteran. I have no problem w/ this vote. Now, what about everyone else & the EPA. #Investigatetrump #Indivisible
You might as well flip to a Republican since you're stabbing your fellow Dems in the back.
THIS!!!
where is your statement on voting for racist Sessions for AG ? Not so brace are you just a politician?
Let's let those veterans know you just voted AGAINST Background checks for Gun Purchasers w/ mental disabilities
#MerrickGarland
good luck in '18...
Where is your statement on your vote for the Foreclosure King, Mnuchen?
Great job! John Manna
Where's your statement on you voting for Mnuchin? #MoneyTalks #resist
lol i was thinkin same think. #manchintoolbag
we will still work to defeat you.
Any statement on Mnuchin yet?
where is your statement on your vote to confirm Mnuchin?
#MerrickGarland
and you'll go down the same way the treasonous GOP will! #byebyeManchin and your crooked daughter too!
Yes, you will, and I'll love watching it!
Join the #GOP
Joe, if you're going to vote with the Republicans, run as a Republican. Stop being Trump's lapdog. Act like a Democrat.
wow! Look at you go... another letter explaining your vote at home. STILL missing that explanatory note on Sessions vote.
senator  how about the other votes you care about your seat in the Senat
where is your statement on Sessions?  WHY NO STATEMENT ON SESSIONS VOTE?!  (Someone help me here...did I just miss it?)
he skipped it
How very stately of him.
meanwhile you're covering your daughter's fake degree from @WestVirginiaU.
you voted for Mnuchin reason for that?
Just make it official and put -R next to your name. No one believes your right wing bullshit.
Now YOU have shown your Wall Street close ties w/Mnuchin vote.
You picked the wrong week to side with the R's #sinkingShip
sold your soul for $....you're a DINO, sellout
The MANCHurIaN Candidate
Can't wait for statement explaining Mnuchin. Not doing right thing out of fear of losing seat? It's time for a change in WV.
Joe you think more like a Republican than a Democrat why not just change to the GOP, we would be glad to have you.
I am sad you backed Wall Street and not the workers of West Virginia. This was not a good way to show you care about labor
whyd u vote no 2 DeVos if u think he deserves 2 pick team? Y vote? Ur useless using ur logic #NO2JOE #NeedDEMS @wvdemocrats
Fine but why Mnuchin. What do you have to lose by voting against Goldman.
I hope you're updating your resume.
guess you voted yes to Mnuchin cause he didn't foreclose on folks from WV or his greed reminds you of Heather. Good grief...
Where is your weasel statement on Mnuchin, you're a lousy no-good coward! #infamoustraitor
this is insulting. Your no statement on Sessions or Mnuchin speaks volumes. @TheDemocrats HAVE to excommunicate you ASAP.

actually pretty funny but Manchin gets no cake...
you'll be out soon enough.
Shameful that you voted yes for S. Mnuchin for Treasury Secretary. He will line his pockets again.
No statement on your vote for Mnuchin? BOOOO again...
Well you got this one right, @Sen_JoeManchin.
Thanks for not taking the easy path and capitulating to the insanity on your feed. As a R I would support you. Well done
great call.  Also statesmen vote on Treasury Secretary.  Conservative Dems should work with Trump. Working man's President
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/01/31/us/politics/trump-cabinet-confirmation-votes.html … 

Trying to save your daughter #Corrupt #Traitor #SwampCabinet #SellOut #ImpeachTrump #Resist
Why are u even democrat? U voted yes 7x out of 9 for #SwampCabinet including yes on racist #Sessions #SwitchSidesAlready 
Not sure how you can face the people you represent. Mnuchin? You are NOT a Democrat!
Also fighting to allow the mentally ill easier access to guns. Say it ain't so "Dem" Joe #TheResistance #CongressDoYourJob
how about your vote to give guns to mentally ill people?
you need not release statements you need to resign and save yourself the embarrassment of getting voted out!#DINO#resit
Fuck you. Scum.
seems that you have joined the Republicans fight against Civil Liberties .
tell 'em if they don't like it, to go vote their"party's candidate"w/ Cecil Roberts & screw everybody else out of work.
- so why the Yes vote on Mnuchin? U let the people down!  Beware #2018primary!!
Thanks Joe.  Selling any epipens this week at a discount?
traitor.
Every single one of Donald's corrupt cabinet that you have voted for you will be held responsible for. We will remember
How about a statement on Sessions or Mnuchin you shill?  @justicedems is coming for you in 2018!
where's your statement for Steven T. Mnuchin?!?
You're bought & paid for by the GOP
10 million in fact
people from West Virginia cant read or write. Don't you mean your staffer's statement
What about your vote to confirm the foreclosure King? What a disgrace...! Go home to the GOP!
you and your daughter should resign.
You, sir,  need to be primaried starting today. I will contribute to any democrat that runs against you. #Resist
you're not a democrat!! You are a fraud!
another sellout #Thanks4Nothing
Your lack of a statement regarding Mnuchin screams volumes, son. #Resign
Any statement on why you bent over and took Mnuchin? Change the D to an R. You're a fraud!
You voted for Pompeo, Mnuchin, and Sessions.....you feel proud of yourself?
Once again, Senator, you have proven what a lying, greedy, incompetent S.O.B you are. I hope your constituents wise up!
@DeptVetAffairs Please start by fixing nurse:Patient ratios in VA facilities, Senator. Contact me if you wish to know more.
You've voted to confirm two of his nominees while doing NOTHING to assist your own party. You'll be out of office next year.
Whatever you say, Vichy Joe.
Vichy Joe, I like it.
you are voting representing your constituents not your party well done!
why did you vote yes on Steve Mnuchin? Why are you a Democrat? What the fuck is wrong with you?
Where's your statement to confirm Mnuchin?
what is your statement regarding Michael Flynn speaking to Russian officials regarding sanctions? Then lying about it?
sell out just flip party already you fraud
#piggy
You are so full of bull.  Thanks for taking the job away from a real veteran.
no one cares
Only an idiotic Trumper wouldn't care.
Just for the record, you qualify... #moreonprogressives You have been TRIGGERED!!!

Thank you Mr. Joe, I am seriously tired of driving 90+ miles one way to see a VA doctor
