yet you criticized Rep. Lewis for saying what more than 65 million Americans have been saying since November.
He's a sick man. Any Dem who wants to help @realDonaldTrump needs to go. #ReplaceManchin
Manchin and Capito both need to go.
hypocrite. Enjoy your last senate term.
Also, you never once spoke out against Trump in the 7 yrs he spent questioning Obama's legitimacy w/ the birther issue.
Delete your account.
Have lots of relatives in Charleston; spent many wonderful years there. Very disappointed in your vote.
You voted for Sessions. WV voters will remember to vote against you, as you should have voted against Jeff Sessions. Bye bye
the Senator talks out of both sides of his mouth. Vote him out!
you green lighted a racist for trump's administration. Change party's. You're a closeted republican.
while you on the other hand are our best example of a FAKE public servant
your concern is more about re election instead of humanity.  Time to refill your seat.  Expect primary opposition
I am going to do everything I can to make this your last term in office.  Thanks for nothing
This former supporter has no respect left for you and will campaign hard for your next opponent.
If you truly honor Dr. King, you would STAND WITH @repjohnlewis not with your "friend" @seanhannity
Primary challenge for Joe Manchin. He's awful. #ReplaceManchin
- Wake up West Virginia!! He's voted against Dem values many times b4!
You voted for sessions. NEVER invoke MLK again. Traitor!
rethinking this. We need u to keep your seat. May be a good move after all.
Hypocricy thy name is Manchin. A vote for Sessions is a vote for racism. You should be more than ashamed of yourself.
how do you dare invoke the name of Dr.King and then vote for Sessions? Shame on you.
you need to explain your vote for Sessions today
Too bad you didn't have the same courage today. Thks 4 Grand Wizard AG.  Will contribute heavily 2 anyone who runs against U
hypocrite
You are so worried about your job instead of doing what is right. You should switch parties, put a 'R' behind your name.
You can't pay lip service to respecting MLK *and* vote for Sessions. Pick a side - history is watching. #TheResistance
I'll be really glad to see your state primary you. You disgraced the American people and the memories of DR.MLK & his widow
The true measure of a person isn't their words, it's their actions, by approving that racist #Sessions you have failed us
He voted his knowledge, and his conscience. Something you rely on left wing fake news for.
So the SJC did not vote against him in 1986 after statements and testimony that he was a racist?
It was a false hack job and proven so. The biggest case in question was brought to him by 2 Blacks. Educate yourself.
write his name down folks & remember it in 2018. #overthrow #RESIST
your vote yesterday shows that you don't mean what you say. Shame on you!
God is watching
you can't truly believe this if the woman who stood beside him warned us about Sessions. We'll remember this vote.
WHY in the heck did u VOTE FOR SESSIONS
You Gigantic Hypocrite! How dare you speak MLK's name but have the gall to vote for Sessions. We'll remember. Resume ready?
Where is your spine? #shameful #westvirginia #vote @womensmarch #WhyIResist 
celebrate by cutting off Warren from speaking his widows words. Shameful
How dare you tweet that, you hypocrite. Voting for Sessions makes you complicit with these Nazis.
Stuff it. You can't have it both ways and honor MLK then vote for Sessions.
Voters will remember your support of racism.
Sacrifice America for your greedy daughter, you suck
delete this
#replacemanchin
oh really? Voted for sessions though huh?
2018 is not gonna be nice to you. Hope they paid you good, b/c your career is DONE!
How much $$ did you take for your soul? This will be your last term. 2018 will be here before you know it.
You are not a Democrat.
and today you voted for a racist who will take away our civil and voting rights #shame
better polish up your resume joe, you will soon be looking for a job, sellout
We do have a primary candidate ready for @Sen_JoeManchin yes?
Shame shame on you for your cowardice. Voters will remember your name in 2018 and not in a good way.
And then today you pissed all over it with your vote for  a racist for Attorney General. Enjoy your primary. #resist
you are NOT my Democrat.  You should be ashamed.  Sad day for American Justice which you and your GOP buddies allowed
You shat on MLK's legacy with your vote for racist Sessions today.  Shame on you.
And then you voted for Sessions. With all due respect, Senator, you've lost your credibility.
And yet you voted to confirm Sessions as AG. I'm going to do all I can to make sure you are primaried and OUT in 2018.
by confirming Sessions? Shameful
You did exactly the opposite of what you tweeted. #alternativefacts
Well, well, well. I thought all the Dixiecrats switched 2 the GOP. Don't gaslight us w/praise of MLKjr bc actions show truth
I DO NOT BELIEVE A WORD THIS MAN SAYS! HE IS NOT A TRUE DEMOCRAT THAT WE KNOW!
honor him Jan 16, disrespect everything he stood for Feb 8 by voting yes on that racist sessions. Be ashamed you fraud
you stepped all over MLK's legacy by voting for Sessions.  Shame.
May God have mercy on your lack of a soul.
Too bad no one will ever call you a courageous leader. You did a great disservice to civil rights today voting for Sessions.

Really?
Remember when you voted for Jeff Sessions today? The person MLK's WIFE wrote a letter advocating against? Yeah.
you have no right to post this tweet when you voted for racist Jeff sessions. Delete
Resign now!!!!
U go down in 2018
#BlackHistoryMonth
You have no fucking soul.
Your vote for Sessions and bigotry is now your legacy. Because you, sir, did not have courage.
Wow. Dr. King would be so proud that you voted 4 someone who actively suppresses Black voters. You have zero morals.
Really!?!? To vote yes for #Sessions is to vote no for America.  Please tell us why you felt that this was acceptable.
Never speak the name of this hero again.  In voting for Sessions, you have proven yourself a racist at heart.  #OustManchin
your vote says more about you than I think you want people to know.
however long till your re-election WE WILL NOT FORGET. #AmeriKKKa YOU CHOSE POORLY.
I live 3000 miles from your district, but I will be supporting your primary opponent in 2018.
and today we mourn the nomination of Jeff Sessions to AG, another threat to the civil rights that MLK fought for.
Your job in the senate will be gone in next election. You lack a conscious, classic GOP traits. Get a job in the coal mine.
You can't have it both ways. Your vote is a betrayal to the memory of Dr. King & we will remember your lack of courage
You are such a hypocrite. How dare you invoke the name of the Reverend? You just betrayed all he stood for.
But ur boy being AG is more important. We see the content of ur character. Hope those kickbacks r worth it! Re-election soon
So glad you're not my Senator - a total embarrassment - you disrespect MLK with your vote
I'll be fine replacing you no matter if it's a Democrat or Republican. Your seat is not safe.
your days are numbered...TRAITOR. Do you think just bc you're Democrat you're safe from a Democrat  to vote against you? NOT
, shame on you for supporting that racist Sessions.  #shameonyou
we will vote you down.
and we mourn the pollution of his legacy by you, a leader in the Senate.  Shame on you.
We demand an explanation. You cannot invoke the name of Dr. King + vote to confirm as AG a man who stands against VRA
You're an embarrassment to your party. Resign.
Disgraceful.
coward
unlike you, clearly. I look forward to donating to your opposition.
Actually Sir you just slapped him in the face
You proved today that you were talking out of your ass when you made this statement.

Shameful voting for a man like Sessions who was deemed to racist to be Federal Judge = Too racist for Attorney General.
and then you trash his memory 3 weeks later by voting for a racist AG
delete this
I realize you represent a racist, backward state, but you're supposed to be better than that. #sessions Oh, and #BanCoal.
guess who won't have a job come Nov. 18
Did you celebrate Dr. King by voting for a racist?!
good to know Dixiecrats still exist.
leave the party. You are a republican.
How dare you use his name!
you should have gone out with your boots on sad
How does it feel to finally have no soul, Joe?
It takes balls to evoke #MLK as you confirm an AG who actively worked to prevent him (and other black citizens) from voting
Bad vote on Sessions. Remember payback? You will.
hey Senator you get . Just go be a Republican already.
shame on you! You won't be re-elected, hope the payoff was worth it. You have no right to say #MLK name
You celebrate Dr King by putting a bigot in as the AG. How sad you are to sellout your homegrown values to Donald Trump.
You have NO RIGHT to use Dr. King's name. You voted to confirm a racist AG. You're a coward & no better than Trump. #resist
your words don't match your actions.  It's an abomination that you would vote for J Session. Hope you can live with that
You aren't deserving to even mention Dr.King's name.
Yesterday you Celebrated Dr. Martin Luther King Jr....
Today, you Celebrate a Racist for USAG.  #CanYouSayHypocrite
You just made a #Racist the Attorney General. I'm guessing you are a #Racist too?
#FuckingRacists
Sessions? What's in it for you, Joe?
Really!?? Really!??? I think your time in Office is about up! 
Curious, your choice of pro-Sessions vote if you are are also promoting MLK's ideas. Good luck next election
How could you have voted for Sessions. 
Vote No for @Sen_JoeManchin next election. He betrayed us!
Would Dr. King approve of your vote?
you affirmed Sessions, you ass-lesion
you are so full of it.
So I see you were just kidding about this.
straight up blasphemous.
You are the WORST Democrat in history. I will gladly give time & money to any one who runs against you and I live in FL. BYE
Shame on you, @Sen_JoeManchin—I look forward to campaigning for your primary opponent in 2018. The Democratic Party has no room for racists.
Sessions?? Really???
unbelievable that you would vote for a man like sessions.
Joe you hate your job like most of us don't you? Don't worry you'll be looking for a new one soon
Sessions is a racist. Why support him and strengthen negative stereotypes about WV? He didn't NEED your vote.
how dare you. You sold our country to a klansman. I hope those pieces of silver comfort you in the last moments of America.
Whatever dude...we aren't fooled
You have got to be fucking kidding me. You aren't fit to be wiped off MLK's shoes after voting for Sessions.
We get that you're from a "red state", but when U vote over and over again against our agenda, we have to ask why U matter?
too bad you aren't a courageous leader re: your vote for #RacistJeffSessions
WOW! I can smell the hypocrisy...
I'm sure he'd understand your vote for Sessions.
You should be ashamed of yourself. How dare you speak his name.
Shame on you. You just voted for the undoing of King's legacy.
we've always been at war with East Asia.
you're a fraud
I guess you forgot about this when you voted for #Sessions for AG.
.@Sen_JoeManchin then why are you voting for Sessions for AG? Sad! Sessions is anti-civil rights, anti-immigrant, etc. #StopSessions
Joe if any Representative wants to stand with John Lewis let them. Trump is a terrible person.
You do know we STILL have the right to speak out against wrong. Trump has not taken that away YET. STAND WITH @repjohnlewis
Prove you  believe in those words more than once a year..  Vote no on Senator Sessions nomination.
yet you stand with your billionaire friends and disrespect rep. Lewis! Shameful!
MLK powerful,wise man.Not lukewarm,part-time,wavering during his mission.Sacrificed his life for equality for every citizen.
You have balls dude to tweet something like this then out of the other side of your mouth praise @realDonaldTrump. #Replace
And you have the nerve to criticize John Lewis? You side with Trump. What r u going to do about DT being Russian asset?
could you ask your daughter to lower the cost of epipens   I can't afford $600. You certainly didn't raise her right.
please support @repjohnlewis, please boycott the presidential inauguration of illegitimately elected @realDonaldTrump
How often did you say Trump was wrong when he made a campaign about Pres. Obama not being legitimate?
You SHAMED the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. by denigrating a civil rights icon, John Lewis!
Please observe the day by reconsidering appointment of Jeff Sessions to AG, with his anti-civil rights, anti VAWA votes.

This is Albert Turner, who led MLK's funeral procession. Jeff Sessions prosecuted him for helping black people vote https://www.thenation.com/article/jeff-sessions-trumps-pick-for-attorney-general-is-a-fierce-opponent-of-civil-rights/ … 
nice interview with Hannity! Common sense in DC is refreshing :)
https://twitter.com/BroderickGreer/status/820981569515036672 … History looks ready to repeat itself? Looks like a trump comment
Gov Ronald Reagan blamed Dr King for his own assassination | 1968 
But is this what defines you!
John Lewis 'a racist pig,' Gwinnett commissioner writes on Facebook http://www.ajc.com/news/local-govt--politics/john-lewis-racist-pig-gwinnett-commissioner-writes-facebook/EBv0efqsyNlqYNyJnv4uFN/ …
Dr. King is surely pleased with your determination to unite our beloved country.
in celebrating MLK day, pls let Pres. elect Trump know that a Twitter attack against Congressman John Lewis is disgraceful.
Diana this Sen. defended and endorsed all of twitlers comments,so he is not the moral one to say anything
unfortunagely, I know that you're right. He seems to do or say anyting to get on tv and keep his NRA A+ rating.

