Guess you missed this, eh? >> http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/12/26/1614804/-Coal-Miners-Stand-to-Lose-Black-Lung-Coverage-if-ACA-Is-Repealed … Not doing your #coalminers any favors!! #FAIL
@mdcolliM @Sen_JoeManchin @dailykos Buyers remorse yet ?
If they don't have yet. They will soon.
- #TRexit
Link here 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/the-fix/wp/2017/01/06/the-gop-is-getting-skittish-on-repealing-obamacare-right-away-which-is-probably-smart/ …
Here's an idea: lose the (nickname)#ObamaCare & keep the #AffordableCareAct. Folks love it
Obamacare is much more polarizing
Why Republicans utilized i.e. we hate PBO #Racism
but you can sit with Trump "in good conscience" really?
Trump is the future....Obama is the failed past..#maga
Another bot who doesn't know he's been conned by a corrupt flim flammer. Good luck the next 4 years
I do think need luck...I have President Trump....you need to stay in your safe space w/therapy dogs.
President Lying Conartist. I'll enjoy my safe space while I still have it. Enjoy your day.
thanks you too...BTW....I heard playdoh therapy is good for butt hurt snowflakes that can't handle life
I can handle life just fine. It's you bots who want to MAGA  are the ones having a problem. Muted.
again..I have no problems...I am happy as hell that #trump beat the old hag.
. Way to go!!  Bipartisan. Fix it.  Thanks for listening to us.  #herorep@watchyourreps
Bipartisan.  Ancient military/political strategy=divide & conquer. E pluribus unum.  Strength in unity.  Care for each other
That is not acting in good conscience. It's sucking up to the new guy.
please register with the Party your heart belongs to and stop leading a double life by pretending to be a Dem.
Yeah right. Doesn't your daughter have a job for you in the murder for profit drug industry?
You are a disgrace and so is your party. Stopping progress out of spite is disgusting.
It's not going to happen today! How about going to the damn meeting with the President.
Manchin is a snake. I can't stand the back stabber.
35,000 Americans will die each year and countless more will suffer if #ACA is repealed. Many in WV depend on it.
U r disrespectful.
Between this and your decision to vote for Jeff Sessions, I'm beginning to regret voting for you.
Yup, @TheTuckerC @Sen_JoeManchin!
In all good conscience you need to apologize that your president destroyed the coal industry as best he could.
what is wrong with you? A critical thinker listens to all opinions and forms his own. Clearly you're in the wrong party.
yes, listen to this party https://twitter.com/CounterMoonbat/status/816698651472957440 … @glutenfreegirl @Sen_JoeManchin #obamacare #ACA
#MakeAmericaSickAgain 
Hey Manchin tell us how you feel about the #BirthOfADictator while you practice blatant #Racism
Is your daughter still making gazillion with her outrageous drug company pricing
grow up you and your grifter daughter are Republicans we all get that
What a spineless hypocrite.
Probably not you wouldn't want the price of the epi pen to drop and be affordable now would you.
This is the political Joe Manchin I knew would come out.
Go ahead and switch parties.
Shame on you.
WVa was 1st State to have 50% Pop on Gov't Assist.It's Folks like U make H8 of #PBO thrive.Shame on u.@GOP use H8 for Votes.
...then why didn't you attend!
Trump won over 60% WV voters and you can't meet with him? You need to resign. Your party created this mess & doubled our debt. U r sick dem
Well done, Sir.  We need more people like you in government.
It's a big tent, but I hope your conscience at least guides you to the edge, where you should learn to piss OUTSIDE.
In good conscience, I can not longer vote for you and will work to make sure you never elected in West Virginia again.
I hope the good people of VA vote you out of office in 2018 & replace you with a real Democrat.
@MoveOn @SenateDems shame on you littlejoe manchin. Coward of west Virginia
How is refusing to attend meeting with President @BarackObama bipartisan? #Republicans really need to use same #dictionary
.@Sen_JoeManchin tell us what needs "fixed" in #ACA. Because bipartisan or no, Republicans haven't mentioned a fix, just #repeal.
Maybe it is time to turn in your Dem. card for a republican one, I am tired of your hate for the Democrats
Make sure the "reform" protects your daughters profits. #dino
You should have just gone to GOP meeting with Pence and stop pretending. #toast
the supreme hypocrisy...
You are NOT a Democrat then, just go to the dark side and get it over with.
He sticks his finger up in the air to see which way the wind is blowing! He also endorsed Obama twice! Up for re-election!
As one of your constituents who called your office in DISGUST today, I'm ashamed of your disrespectful decision.
Is your FIGHT gone? I'll do everything I can to make sure YOU'RE gone in 2018. Shameful. He's your president.
@JohnJHarwood @YouTube u really are a tit!!! Join the GOP
you'll never get my vote again Joe. Go ahead and move to the GOP. #disappointed #joemustgo
Very disappointing to hear that. To think that I supported you. No more! Grow a backbone!
Joe wants to spend time shooting the bullshit on FAUXNews. But he doesn't want to go to a mtg with POTUS re ACA. #JoeGottaGo
@SenSchumer Please kick @Sen_JoeManchin out of the Dem party so the upcoming shitshow put on by Rs can't be labeled bipartisan.
@JohnJHarwood @YouTube one sensible Democrat.
So you can't go to a meeting. How does one prevent the other?
Why don't you just go ahead and switch parties now? Calling yourself a Democrat is a laughable.
Investigate "Roberts" pond
You should be ashamed of yourself!
you're pathetic
Do your job! You don't get to choose. @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
it's a good thing...Joe Manchin is tired of the Obama nonsense
You made a BIG mistake Joe.  You need to stand for West Virginians who put you in office.  We won't put you there again
You are abandoning us?  Oh you only like being with the winning side? Not a fighter Joe?  You won't fight for your people?
In good conscience, eh? Must be code for "I'm no Democrat but I use them when convenient." Delete your D affiliation.
Sad excuse to continue disrespecting Pres. Obama. Why are you even a Democrat?
If you had a conscience, you'd attend Obama mtg, not Pence's.
Thank you Senator Manchin for doing the right thing.
Clearly job security and $$$ means more to you that your constituents. Time to switch parties.
Because you disrespect Our Finest President , but met with Racist Spence, U R a Trojan Horse, SELL OUT
that is disgraceful! If u can't help the Dems who have the plan to help people u need to join the GOP where u side too often
Who is writing this stuff for you? Putin?  Certainly don't appear to be intelligent enoughto thinkofitfor yourself!
Will be interesting to watch you explain to people when they lose ACA.
Bravo!
@msnbc Dems never had bipartisan 2 enact #ACA perhaps u should've attended @mike_pence meeting if u r truly looking 2 fix it
Trump will be reasonable.His intention is to make it best for Americans. It has nothing to do with "parties".Trump agrees.
Senator, please don't let my health insurance disappear.
.@Sen_JoeManchin Just go join the @GOP already. UGH.

#Obamacare #MakeAmericaSickAgain
You are so correct!  That has been the problem with the dems..like pushing health care without 1 vote from Republicans.
you can go to NYC for a job interview but can't go across town to listen to current Prez! Try representing me not yourself.
I wouldn't attend a meeting with this has-been president if they payed me a million bucks. Wouldn't be worth my time.
I think you just found out the cost to do WHAT'S RIGHT NOT what's popular!

Congrats from a HARDCORE CONSERVATIVE!!
This is fine if you didn't go meet Pence to discuss same thing.
- Thanks for having the balls and the common sense to not follow this train wreck
You're a Dem in name only Pence did same as Pres today guess conscience ok with repeals ACA
Disgraceful behavior, Senator.

You believe you are above President?

How dare you.

May this be your last term in office.
You should feel grateful we have him in the Senate
why do you continue to disrespect the person and office of @potus. Work with America instead of against it.
Just go ahead and change to Republican. Your daughter ripped off people with the Epi Pen. GOP Playbook, enrich yourself.
it's time to cut bait or fish, Joe; can't sit on the fence on this one
u were just on tv saying u would rescue repubs and vote with them #traitor #votemerrickgarland
Apparently you forgot who you work for. The people!  You should at least have all the info. I'm so over all you guys.
waiting to see if by "fix" you mean "repeal"; say it isn't so, Joe
he is looking out for #1  if he had a conscience he would be working with Obama who actually cares about people in WV
: You're making the right choice. The Gongress has to start working together.
In good conscience you can't repeal ACA before you've received a mandate from your constituents. Ask them.
Not listening to your/our President was WRONG! Dems MUST present united front even if they disagree. Debate within!!
But you're meeting with PENCE?! Selling out black lung victims in your district who rely on ACA? You're pandering to Repubs!
Don't paint your political pandering to Repubs as an act of conscience! You're selling out your people for your own benefit.
- wow. You are unpopular with your constituents, Joe.  Good lookin' out.
.@Sen_JoeManchin even if you disagree, don't you owe it to ur constituents to represent them at meeting? That's what you were elected to do.
are you certain you HAVE a conscience??????
...what worked for Republicans will work for Dems.
Alrighty - expect to be primaried. You chose your side. Democrats are tired of half-ass politicians like yourself...
His Conscience is Burned with Fire of Many White Supremacists n his State that Hate the Black President Period Disrespectful
- this is PARTISAN war!  Join with the Dems to obstruct or get out of the way!
And so, that means you don't listen to what he has to say?  Sad.
The ACA is a REPUBLICAN program (their idea) - so, how much more "bipartisan" can you get. #Traitor #BlackLung
Bi-partisan? GOP colleagues R not interested in bi-partisanship. Wake up! You R needed 2
protect #ACA 4 your constituents.
... Please save ACA by pushing GOP to modify ACA Section 1332. It allows state waivers to ACA and is better than repealing.
Just switch parties and get it over with.
#VichyDemocrats #Conservadems
Ppl learn? @Sen_JoeManchin isn't a Democrat but he once stay at a Holiday Inn Express. Watch what he Does not Says.
You are not a Democrat, you're a traitor who is becoming part of #trumpville. Defending a dictator, good luck w/ your soul
Why not listen to what President says rather than have missed meeting.Hearing all sides is your job #ProtectOurCare
@elizabethforma @EdMarkey  @JohnJHarwood @YouTube congress was not interested in bipartisan reform since the law was passed
conscience? You have none!
You are absolutely not a Democrat and have most certainly lost all Dem support in this state.
Just admit you are running as a Republican in 2018 and stop this farce. "Conscience" my a$$.
Joe, why are you unwilling to represent your constituents in this meeting with POTUS?
running as Democrat the only way 2 get elected? pls ansr this: r u in favor of repeal & replace? i will tweet till u answer
@kflo210 @YouTube change your allegiance to GOP !?!
I have WV family who depend on ACA. Why couldn't you go for them? Who are you representing?
senator thank you for stepping up and taking a leadership role in helping Americans
In truth, He couldn't be seen with the Black Guy.
FOH
U R the epitome of the Pol voters want! yur statement on @Morning_Joe re:need 2 work together #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Do us all a favor and leave the Democractic Party.  We don't need people like you sitting on the people's side of the aisle.
Stand up for who you are... or stand for nothing.
Hooorah @ Sen_JoeManchin.
It was greedy people like your  daughter that is causing the rising cost of health care in America, Joe.
You could attend to lead that bipartisan effort and protect access #WV relies on via #Medicaid & #ACA. Build a bridge
Remember your constituents have worst health in nation and need access to chronic disease, black lung, addiction treatment
+ all of WV benefits from the good health care jobs that come with access, coverage
that is a cop out. Obama wasted his 1st years in office trying to be bipartisan. It's a nice dream but the rep will never..
where YOU at 1/20/09 MEETING/rat fink McConnell when he pledged to do -0- to move US forward?PERHAPS YOU SLD CHANGE PARTIES.
Meeting is supposed to save it by making some fixes. You are a disappointment to your constituents who will soon be W/O.
Sir I am a conservative and thank you for listening to the people who elected you. Nice job. Let's fix it together.
Remember you're judged by the company you keep. You should think about avoiding Don. He'll be a career killer.
craven capitulation to the GOP 'no plan' "replacement" for the ACA is not "bipartisanship" Senator
If U don't want 2 go along 2 get along, maybe U should leave the Democratic Party, become a Repub, Inde or whatever
@JohnJHarwood @YouTube in good conscience? ? Did you just find this? So it's a good plan to go back unstead of fix existing
You should be honest with yourself and ask why the hell you remain a Democrat.
"Market driven?" It is market driven unless you want to get rid of Medicare and Medicaid.
you know damn well there won't be a 2 party fix. GOP, wants it, Medicaid, Medicare, social security gone.
Have you told your constituents that you don't care if they don't have insurance?  Sad.  It seems you don't care.
You remind me of most of the characters from Lord of the Flies.
If you are the only democrat siding with the republicans is it really bipartisan?
Let's start with taking away the special help that miners get from the ACA.
I wasn't surprised u wld do this. Just like the weak talk u gave after sandy hook, u ve never stuck out ur neck. Sad.
you have just commited political suicide, u should have gone to talk to try to get the dems to work 2geth not bail.
if R's were interested in helping, great. However, history shows they have no interest.
you can't call yourself a Democrat. You've conned the individuals who voted for you. #fakedemocrat #wolfinsheepsclothing
your a traitor to your party and voters #nevercompromise #resist
So you can't meet w/ (D) President but can meet w/ (R) Pres-elect? & you are a (D)? interesting?
Sorry You're devoid of conscience Now go sell your soul to the anti-Christ named Trump Jeremiah 7:8
Bush Medicare expansion blocked price saving and that vestige drives pricing increase. #GrandBargain
So what's your replacement plan Joe?
"conscience"?  Here's the thing: acting like a faux-Republican isn't going to get you re-elected when faced w a real Repub.
amen.  Be a Democrat and be a proud one
Shame on you!
are you sleeping with the Russians too? #TraitorsInWashington
since when you have conscience, Joe? EpiPen and the blood of kids with allergies is in your conscience.
In Pine Grove we call this shameless backstabbing. You are a Democrat, we voted for a Democrat. Oh...and we vote.
the meeting you will attend is the one with your daughter, Heather Bresch. $600 EpiPen is your family great contribution.
How can you find a bipartisan way if you only meet with one side?
your state is solid Republican and you should be too.
Yea, because Republicans have been nothing but cooperative, right?  What a coward
@JohnJHarwood @YouTube Oh Please!!!Coward!
so full of it Sen Manchine...smh
.@Sen_JoeManchin @YouTube Bull! So why did you attend meeting with DT at Trump Tower? You disrespect POTUS all the time 4 your racist base!
"We must find a #bipartisan way"? Which rules out meeting with a #Democratic president? Oh. He's black. I keep forgetting.
more people in congress should think like him and we might get things done.
Obamacare is not broken. Don't "fix" it. It works and saves lives.
@JohnJHarwood Interesting way to rationalize conscience.
you are in a fantasy land, you prob are not trusted to keep secrets, I hope not but that's how it sounds, be a team
Come off it. Youre trying to save your a@@.
WV has benefitted more from Obamacare than nearly any other state and you're not interested in preserving that?
remember who got you here, stay loyal to your supporters and their families, be a leader not a follower
@JohnJHarwood @YouTube In good conscious stop the charade of being a Democrat.
are you kidding me. U r not going to hear Pres. Obama!!
You sir, are not a democrat. Please go to the party you represent, republican, and let a real democrat take your place. TY.
How can you be bipartisan if you don't attend both??? #Qsa9yearoldasks
then who can you meet with re: healthcare? Are you saying the GOP is open to bipartisan solutions? If so since when
Understood you don't agree with POTUS, but you can't attend a meeting? Are you afraid you'll get infected with ... what?
U are decent guy but as Zell Miller said 'the Democratic Party left him he didn't leave it'
I can't, in good conscience, vote for you in '18.
is it because your daughter got rich profiting off of epi-pens?
just change parties Dude, That will make easier to hide your kids EpiPen rip off of americans when you "FIX" healthcare
delete your account. I am ashamed you represent my great state!!
@JohnJHarwood I thought you represented coal country. Its a meeting. Good grief, how petty can you be. Remember the goal.
But you can meet with Drumpf?!?! #disgracetoWV
Let them steal the Court, economy, everything.  But you worry about your conscience when organizing to save sick people?  Pig
@JohnJHarwood @YouTube perhaps the 1st step would've been to attend the meeting & discuss this w/ other elected dems?
So, Sen., would you refuse to meet with PEOTUS, too?
so u shun @POTUS and side with @realDonaldTrump its time u switched to ur real party ur a fake and a sell out! #ManchinFraud
thank you for standing up for middle class Americans. #ACA has good, but lots of bad #worktogether
Please switch parties for benefit of all Americans
Your conscience should be telling you that W.V. needs the ACA and your job is to defend it from Repubs
Look at health stats for W Virginia: Manchin's people need the ACA desperately!
Cant attend? 172K WV citizens on ACA & half don't know it. Maybe U should tell them. Exhibit A why Dems lose elections
Republican in Dem's clothing! Don't think the real Dems nor POTUS will miss you at the meeting! @JohnJHarwood
@JohnJHarwood @YouTube Making sure my friend in WV knows about this. If you're in WV, you've gotta call!!
@JohnJHarwood So how do you know that isn't the approach he wants y'all to take IF YOU DON'T GO TO THE F***ING MEETING? 
