traitor to the people
If you vote for Sessions, you are complicit in the ethnic cleansing of USA this evil admin is planning.
You Fathers who build bridges & mend fences. Your American children need #Healthcare4All #DraftEducation
time for the adults to take over
you are a sellout
You remind me of the old line of great democratics that put merica first. Switch to the GOP. UR folks come.
. @Sen_JoeManchin Please read this & stand against @realDonaldTrump g his anti-malware American agenda!
Please do not vote yes on Sessions nomination, he is not fit for this job.
BOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And watch the stealing of America begin.
Gag.
you're a traitor and a turncoat. WV will wake up one day and VOTE you out!!
Yep, primary him, put up a basic bitch Dem and then lose to a Republican. Good strategy!!!
switch parties.
were puke bags provided?
You probably want to switch parties - not that they'd notice a difference in your votes "on behalf of W. VA" #stopsessions
we didn't realize how excited til we see you vote all his cabinet in.   Must be replaced.
I had hoped you would boycott the inaugural. This goes beyond partisanship. Trump is dangerously unqualified for the office.
TRAITOR ot his party! TRUMP SUPPORTER!! FACIST SUPPORTER!!! WHITE SUPREMACIST SUPPORTER!!!

Shameful!
traitor
I'm excited for you to switch parties so the @wvdemocrats can run someone who isn't a stain.
Manchin has our vote no matter which party he's in. You're lucky we even have a dem here
That's no dem.  He's a traitor.
Treason? Do tell. I guarantee you can't explain his treasonous acts. Quit crying and lying.
will you be as excited when he drags our country down into the abyss? #resist
You went to celebrate your party's win. Not with you on this. Support the #RESISTANCE
Like the excitement of going to a public hanging. That moment when you realize there is nobody on your side
We would be excited if you switched parties.
Whatever!
are you still excited?
Now is no time to be silent.  History will judge you.  #NoToMuslimBan
u should be republican
WVU guy that knows the guy that invented the long wall miner did way more to reduce mining jobs than Obama's war on coal
No need to switch...smart WVU grad that will lead the fight for health care for all. He knows single payer guarantees it
smart man Senator. Your state is big time Donald Trump. Time to get those nominees through too!
DO NOT call yourself a http://DEMOCRAT.You  go beyond being bipartisan...you are kissing his ass. He is a LIAR!!!!!
put an R in front of ur name instead of a D. U seem to fall in line more with the Rep. values, than the Dems.  #stopmanchin
hey morons,keep OD'ing on heroine and voting for this guy... the result will be the same.. truly!!!
switch the GOP/Lutin party, you traitor
is proving daily that he is unfit for office. 3-5M illegal votes is not factual
Traitor.
Count your days in congress. Take ur last dirty . Run as Republican next time or a Red Coat... Benedict Arnold. #rejectREX
you should be ashamed to back Putin's boy Tillerson/Exxon/Russia-Shillerson.
You are the only logical rational Democrat left, been watching you the last few years. Thank you 4 that
You are not a Democrat. You are a  Republican liar. Don't vote for Sessions and prove you're a Democrat.
I am sure Putin was in cloud nine to have his puppet installed the WH, glad to see you celebrated w/him. 
You need to be face of Dem's. Voted Clinton, Buch 43 twice, its the person American's vote for, not party.
@bugg_ray @realDonaldTrump BLOCKED .. along with Heil #trump
Sad u r excited 2 stand w/& support racism & bigotry @realDonaldTrump @SenatorSessions over @AfAmDemocrats @TheDemocrats @donnabrazile
Leave the Democrats and join the Republicans so we can be excited too!
POTUS threatens US credibility and safety with "alternative" facts. Plz require truth from him.
Straddling the fence as usual. Just to remind u, he won by minority vote. 2 yrs ur gone!..:-)
A majority of people want to see Trump's tax returns and are concerned about his and administration's conflicts of interest
I'm excited that so many people came on January 21st to support the causes of liberty and equality.
where were you at the women's march yesterday? You've shown you don't stand with WV women.
did you see the woman's march?  More people than trumps coronation.  So Sad
Women's March in Charleston = 2,800!!! We, your constituents, need to be heard! We also will not go away.
@RobertFazzalore @realDonaldTrump I am very thankful for the American process that allows us to move forward in peaceful way
you are a traitor to West Virginians and to your party
Plz do not repeal ACA.  Women need access to $0 birth control and preventive care.  Listen to the marchers
100,000s of 1,000s of people in US and around world are protesting Trump administration.  What's wrong with this picture?
Crowd is much bigger at the Women's March. Voters are watching you Senator.
elections is around the corner watch yourself Manchin we you
How many people from WV are at the Women's March today? Or the sister March in Charleston WV?  We are your constituents, too
Our voices matter, too
What do you plan to do about a Russian asset in White House.  Call for his tax returns.
Your staffer said you did not even have a position on calling for release of tax returns.  Unreal
someone please primary Manchin from the left
hold him to his promise to bring back jobs.  No smiles until he delivers
trump is your president for the next 8 years...I love it 
Clearly, you don't realize that presidential terms last 4 years. Ah the intelligence of the avg Trumpalumpa
I really hope you'll do the right thing for West Virgina and not be influenced by that bully!
@FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC  Curious Manchin said nothing  about  Obama leaving office with close to 70 approval
Collective governance. Ethical and democratic values.
Go Republican 
West Virginia wants jobs!
fu join the republican party
Not the statement I would be making if I were running in 2018.
Yeah? Great! The rest of us are terrified. #resist#notmypresident
He was just slamming Trump on CNN the other night
Praise the Lord!
you're a republican Manchin. Also, coal is dead. Your backwards state should join the rest of us in reality
shame on you Joe.
So with the ACA gone? Miners with pre-existing,alcohol and drug[Opioid] TX gone. Not helping YOUR STATE
I respect and appreciate your willingness to work together, regardless of party, Senator. #Leadership @realDonaldTrump
Listening to the speech Words do not match what is being done in cabinet choices More great manipulative TV personality
Proud of you Senator! You have the right idea.
see @SenFranken tweet, that is how a real Dem acts. You should be excited about starting impeachment of DT
I immediately dislike you.

Excited? You're more like your price-gouging daughter than I thought. #Epipen
DINO
Traitors
thet will strip substance abuse benefits from your State Sir.
Just unfollowed you senator!
Time to switch parties!  We welcome you with open arms!  #Inauguration
thank u for being there & showing support but talk 2 ur daughter about price gouging 
#bluedogs are back
