you seem to have forgotten WV Dems voted you into office. Obey your oath and act according to our wishes not GOP interests.
You are not educated on reality.
Is that an alternative fact?
That is THE facts!
Nope McConnell and the GOP was proud of blocking Obama's pick .
as they should have.
I feel different .Your a white GOP male so you think women's are your business
you don't know me. That's not at all what I think.
Then why were you against garland
I'm conservative in my views on the economy, foreign policy and constitutional rights.
President Obama should have filled SC vacancy per Constitution. Don't feign worry about Constitutional Rights.
Has an outgoing pres ever filled seat in last 6 months?  Precedent?
Thank you for your service. To many angry ppl here. But I like the way u think. Fox news is fair. CNN fake news
You have a lot of ignorant libs in your feed. Stand your ground, & the Trump supporters will get you re-elected.
GOP robbed us of by not considering Garland! You're a traitor to Dem party if you don't filibuster! You'll be voted out next
Donald's doing such a fabulous job that's why his ratings are dropping. He's making enemies all over the world grow a brain.
Red line says otherwise. Has been consistently going up!! Strongly disapprove!
Gorsuch has lived up to his "Fascism Forever" philosophy favoring corporations over individuals & women's rights. Vote no!
we love you Joe.
vote NO on #gorsuch He's a pro lifer that didn't separate  and state when it came to health insurance!
Thank you! I am formerly from Parkersburg so I keep up with your Senate tenure.
Garland did not get a chance, what did you do to fight GOP obstructionism? Gorsuch prefers corps over people. Stand up fight
He did not do a Damn thing.this guy has to go.W is he up for re-election again?i will send money to G H hell out
.@Sen_JoeManchin
Isn't it true under "advise and consent" that Senate can deny its consent simply by denying a hearing for whatever reason?
You have failed this party enough. Stand up and fight!
NO FLOOR VOTE FOR NEIL GORSUCH!  Rep wouldn't give Obama's choice a chance. Stand up,do your job and stop this dicatatorship
I miss Jay Rockefeller. So much cooler than you. Also, he had a conscience.
what a bully. You're telling me Rockafeller was better? Your insane. Rockfellers are for themselves. Not us.
You'd have to be at least somewhat altruistic to serve in a state like WV when you're a millionaire. Disagree with you.
you must not be from Wv. We know the rockafellers here. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/jay-rockefeller-doesnt-go-to-west-virginia-even-when-congress-takes-a-month-long-recess-in-august/article/2552317 …
so why do you all keep electing them? Are you a Republican? If so, nothing you say about Dems is objective, obviously
you are not even from WV so I'm trying to understand why it's your business? This is OUR state.
NO on Gorsuch. The GOP should not get rewarded for what they did to Merrick Garland.
Switch parties and stop pretending
bye Joe.
Really?  Like the senators did their duty when Merrick Garland was up for confirmation?  Can't wait for your primary!!!!
Do Democrats a favor and become a Republican Grouch deserves same treatment Garland received #NoconscienceManchin
we are taking back America. Get on board or get out the way. #BernieSanders WE ARE TAKING NAMES!
Joe the suckup
AMEN!!!
As I've been repeatedly tweeting, you're the only Demo U.S. senator who deserves to be re-elected in 2018, & I hope you are.
Thank you Senator!
You are selling out your constituents for an extremist judge who's record shows he is a puppet for big corporations.
Thank you!
Stand up and Fight for Democrats, not back down! We have 2 fight for our rights or Trump will take them away! NO to Gorsuch!
you should support all of DJTs nominees just like you did for Obama. Gorsuch has been vetted. You dont need to posture.
I agree.
Sorry, you can't say Merrick Garland's name AND beg to "put politics aside" in the same statement. #DoYourJob
On the fence as usual Joe!  Gave you credit after election but I'm back to thinking your views are not WV views.
"partisan politics" aka "not letting Republicans get away with stealing a seat from @POTUS44"
Um, nothing was 'stolen'. A nominee is not guaranteed a hearing or a vote
You know he's not a good choice. Not for the people.
no!!!!!  2 reasons. 1-GOP 2-this man is so right wing that real people don't have a chance. Really check him out
Saw ur comments re SC. Just as I thought, ur ready STAB Democrats in the back...AGAIN! You never liked Obama anyway! #snake
the republicans didn't
what you are doing is showing your immature side.When it's time to vote you will not gets the votes needed.Sick of this
Thank you for supporting your fellow Democrats, not something to be proud of.
It's a billionaire's onslaught on the American people. We need a balance at #SCOTUS NOW MORE THAN EVER!! #StopGorsuch
Gorsuch has an impeccable record of being an unbiased judge who bases decisions on our constitution
No disagreement there Matt. It's the big picture. With an #IllegitimatePresident, we must #Resist!
no need to punish the judiciary and judge gorsuch though
you're pushing your luck if you vote to confirm. We are watching and your days are numbered. 2018 around the corner.
Glad to hear you take your responsibility seriously. Please consult with the rest and remind them of theirs
You are an HONEST and GOOD man. I pray only blessings for you in the future!
2 wrongs don't make a right???? Are u kidding me? Tell that to Mitch McConnell. We don't need weak Dems. Filibuster SCOTUS.
I'm a Republican but I appreciate your sincerity and integrity, not giving in to political games. You are a role model!
shame!
Dont put your seat above the country! If you lose because you voted him down, so be it .Bunk in w/your million $ daughter
Stand up for democracy and your party! #resist
Snake. Just change parties. You can always be count on to stab Dems n the back.
THANK YOU for representing America & not playing the ridiculous, childish games of your Dem colleagues. Breath of fresh air!
President Trump is for WV throughout his campaign, back him like the people of WV do
AM AN ATTY YOU SEEM FAIR GORSUCH PROTECTS RELIGIOUS SISTERS OF THE POOR /HOBBY LOBBY GIVE HIM FAIR SHAKE-NOTLIKE REST DEMS
vote no! Filibuster! Remember Garland!
“I urge my colleagues to put partisan politics aside and allow the vetting process to proceed.”
Kudos!#TrueRepresentation
I agree, Sir. I am not a constituent of yours but I will be asking your VA colleagues to support the process.
that is not the view of Dem base. Stop nomination or become a GOPer. Listen to the people!
don't you dare give him a hearing for that stolen seat! #resist or we will unseat you. Love, the @womensmarch @womensmarchla
I voted for a Senator not a obstructionist. WVa people first.
I wish more Democrats like yourself Sir understood the will of the people and the importance of ending all this nastiness.
I don't recall you asking the Repubns for a chance on Merrick Garland's nomination.
Let's give Garland a chance first
Do not break ranks. Support the party.
they didn't give garland a chance, why should you? Decorum he's been trashed, this is a fight for America's soul. #eye4aneye
You're finished as a Democrat in West Virginia. Switch Parties & get on board or start planning a new career. Last chance.
Learn to fight back or we will work hard to replace you.
No. you need to go.
U should vote against Trump's nominees. If you your constituents can't understand and don't reelect you, you have a pension
Wrong on Nuclear Option. Repub senator Frist came up with term in 2005. At least get facts right.
You are a great and fair man. Not sure why you stay in D column, but this R has much respect for you.
Your a TRAITOR to your own party. You voting with anything trump the autocrat, is EXTREMELY SHAMEFUL. Hope you get voted out
saw you on morning joe,common sense and politics don't normally collide but I like your approach to your job - best success
you are a class act compared to some of your democratic colleagues. Thanks.
I voted Dem bc I'm hoping for decency & Common Sense to counter GOP cynical obstruction and lunacy. Bad SCOTUS choice!
Yes, review #Gorsuch's record, but as for the confirmation process, you should mirror  what Republicans did with #Garland.
I'm moderate & independent. What Dems are doing with cabinet confirmations seems counterproductive. But on this, #resist!
he's not qualified. His religion clouds judgement
you mean he deserves the opportunity the GOP gave Garland? You AREN'T A VERY GOOD DEMOCRAT. Primary is coming for you.
Traitor.
NO backing down! GOP and Trump don't play by the rules.  No more biz as usual. You have to Fight differently. Only Garland!
this is crazy how much democrats canibalize one of their own party for wanting to overcome partisanship.
you've never been a democrat
hilarious do these idiots have amnesia
Wait on it!
should be in his cabinet to keep him WITHIN HIMSELF~
Although I voted for Trump, until he makes good on his promises I'm in the air.  Someone like yourself is someone who
I'd BACK U AND TRUST IN THAT FOX HOLE!

Chuck Patrick
embarrassed of your party just as you would be if a Rep. as both parties have no clue, unlike you~  If I lived in W.VA
Mr. Manchin,  I'm not a Dem., Rep., or Ind. but after hearing you speak on your beliefs I'm behind you.  I feel that you are
unacceptable.  Stand with @HouseDemocrats.  We have the power to send a message.
grow some balls man-are you so afraid to stand up for the country because of your own self preservation in the next election
We didn't create this quagmire but we must fight back. #resist
So Dems will continue to roll over and play dead.  MIDTERMS!
Either grow a pair and act like a REAL Democrat, or just go Republican already. We're tired of your two-faced BS.
we appreciate your dedication to this nation first and party politics next, either a judge is good and qualified or not thx!
.@Sen_JoeManchin Noble gesture, but the GOP engages in street fights while we're abiding by rules of boxing. Time to fight the corrupt GOP.
enjoy running on Trump's record in 2 years cause that's what it looks like so far
Please just change to R & stop the charade. Gorsuch should be given the same deference Garland was given by R's ...NONE!
give Gorsuch the same opportunity for SCOTUS as you gave Garland. Oh wait. #hypocrits
Maybe you just change parties. So, you can save your ass in WV
Shame on Joe Manchin for allowing Republicans to STEAL a SCOTUS appt, even as FBI is investigating Trump/Russian ties.
This a stolen seat. If approved, we'll have to live with it for 30-40 years. Unacceptable.
judge  Garland is first in line!  Give him a chance first
#stolenSCOTUSseat. Stand up and fight Senator Manchin! You are a DEMOCRAT!
you should become a republican.
That's ok. You too can be voted out. #Fraud #Useless #SellOut
vote for Neil Gorsuch
so it's ok for the GOP to steal a pick from a democratic President? Where does GOP pay a price for 7yrs of obstruction???!!!
Joe Manchin appeases Fuhrer Trump, d conman, though Repubs blocked Obama's SCOTUS pick. Do d right thing for America #Resist
We'll give GOP a 60 seat majority in '18 if u all don't stop being OBSTRUCTIONIST! That's what we're sick of! Schumer=a JOKE
Thank U for being the adult in the room. For too many yrs dems/GOP have played partisan politics while WE the ppl suffer.
We elected our officials to do their jobs. We know u r trying to get us out of a partisan tornado that term limits will calm
@ELadyPurvis@@MaxineWaters This man is an undercover Republican. He hardly EVER backs up his party.
he will get the same chance you and the other GOP gave Garland.
you answer to the people. If you confirm, we will be coming for your job next. #promise #resist
if you don't stand with us, you will too will be "repealed and replaced."
Don't let McConnell steal a SCOTUS seat. Stand up to these maniacs. If we can go this long with 8, we can go longer.
Get a spine Joe or be voted out!
put partisan politics aside? Bwahahahahha! Nope. Have a seat.
My statement to you, Joe: You're rewarding the GOP for the crap they pulled the last 8 years. I guess you don't want my vote
Another spineless Democrat. The SC seat was stolen from Obama. You have a duty to filibuster. Your acceptance is appalling.
Thank you for a responsible voice amidst the sturm und drang of DC and the media.  A relief, frankly.
You truly are showing yourself to be a great Republican. Is getting re-elected that important? Please stand with your party.
You can't confirm Gorsucj until American people know Trump didn't break  the law by signing and enforcing #muslimban.
This is a STOLEN SCOTUS seat that should have been filled by Obama. How dare you tell us to give him a chance?!
you are an appeasing traitor
Joe, you're in the wrong party Dems left you & WV. You're a good man, serve WV better from the other side of the aisle
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. Joe is that nothing. "kissing the Trump ring
THANK YOU Senator for Being the Grown Up in the room, and choosing to Serve ALL the people, instead of Just Some People!
Are you actually a Democrat? Or you just a Republican in sheep's clothing?
stand against Trump or be prepared for a primary fight against someone who will!
Thank you Senator for doing the right thing.
Make it happen Joe
it is right block him, Garland & he's another hack for corporate clowns & anti-labor, going against coal workers, your ppl.
Is what your Republican colleagues did to Merrick Garland fair, just or upholding Senate tradition? Show leadership!!
Senator can you remind us all how you voted on Garland's nomination?
here's a "commonsense idea" Joe, stop treating this neofascist regime with such deference or you will be primaried
Stop wanting a Gentleman's dual. This is a street fight. BLOCK!!!
Thank you Sir for being the adult in the room.
Tired of Dems rolling over. Watching carefully what u do to support our Dem leadership.
Nice interview #MSNBC. Me: 01515 I implore you to review the EXCLUSIVE Gorsuch's rulings re: religion. Keep God out of Govt!
1st, 3rd, 4th, 5th, 9th, & 14th Amendments provide a wall of privacy. 2nd Amend protects those rights. Vote against #gorsuch
. Being moderate is harder than being partisan; however, puts you in power seat for negotiations. Good work. Constituent.
GOP forgot their duty. The popular vote speaks volumes. Time to get in the weeds and #Block #Resist #VoterRights #Choice
really? Is that what YOUR candidate said about the rigged election and the fixed electoral college? Hmm, don't remember that?
notice how the only people supporting you are Trumpsters?
stop attacking the members of Congress who are standing up for America. They are heros you are a coward!
Give him the same attn the GOP gave Garland. Anything less, and you are part of the problem and will be out of a job in 2018
We will find someone else who can "play that game"...
NO. #Indivisible We can work with 8 or even 7 Supreme Court justices.
Why does @Sen_JoeManchin refer to Dems as "them?"
You want to appease, that's fine. But to vote on Gorsuch before Garland is an insult to the presidency and your office.
you chose poorly
Please don't legitimize this president. That's what you're fighting for - the Constitution. #Fightfor60Votes
Joe, please support Judge Gorsuch.
There is a pending nomination that must first be considered.  If you can't hold that line expect a primary challenge.
it's amazing. All you have to do is say give the mans merits a chance for discussion and the libs go crazy and tear you up
Senator Wuss
NO you are wrong!
Thank you for being reasonable and open minded
Spoken like a true DINO
thank you for sifting through the partisan politics that schumer is espousing and using reason and judgment to make decision
booooooo

#ShutItDown
You sound Republican to me! Do you think you are hiding?  STAND w your PARTY Same as REPUBLICANS DID against DEMS! HELP SAVE
We need to deluge Joe "TRAITOR" Manchin's office with protests. He refuses to stand up for Democratic principles. Unleash
Dem senators showed how upset they were when they left committee. Allowing the vote that moved Mnuchin pasr committee
RETHINK YOUR POSITION!   DO NOT WEAKEN OUR DEMOCRATIC FIGHT AGAINST TRUMP BANNON PUTIN FIGHT! Are YOU PUSHING INVESTIGATION
all you've done is side with the Republicans. Go away, we don't need you
Common sense. However, @realDonaldTrump is unstable & needs to be Impeached before any SC pick
thank you for doing the job you were elected to do.
so did GOP senators had a constitutional obligation to hear Merrick Garland
you will pay political price for showing any support for Trump nomination.
THIS IS OUR COUNTRY!
HOW DARE YOU!  You stand with our Democrats or YOU ARE A SYMPATHIZER TO TREASON! U SOUNDED LIKE A FOOL! This isnot politics
Why won't Dems be Dems n stand united against facism? How much $$ do they slip you to make betraying us worth it? SAY NO
fight fire w fire. Dems grow a spine
His record is CLEAR: HE WILL DESTROY ROE V WADE, FORCE WOMEN TO RESORT TO DANGEROUS METHODS. SAY NO, JOE!
Protect the process? How about PROTECTING AMERICANS FROM THESE NEOCONS INTENT ON DESTROYING ALL GAINS WE'VE MADE?
Sir, I hope they all  follow your lead.
Good for you. Smeone willing to follow the law & process.
Republican here,but it's nice 2 see at least someone in the Dem party using some common sense abt the vetting process! #MAGA
less vetting needed for judges you can look @ their decisions and Hobby Lobby is enough for me. Hope u reconsider, join fili
The Democrat party has embraced progressive socialism. Isn't it time you switched like the majority of West Virginians have
join the #GOP please!
Stand with all Democrats or stand in the unemployment line next election. Just turn on the real news.
HERE'S WHAT YOU DO! VOTE NO OR YOU'RE NOT A DEMOCRAT! NO AND OBSTRUCT EVERYTHING NO SCOTUS WOUT GARLAND!
#GARLANDTREATMENT
Somehow you don't fit the current Democrat mold. I hope your character is contagious.
Character, lol. You mean our bought republican puppet? Take him, he's yours.
nice to see there is at least one responsible adult in the Democratic Party!!!!
common sense-no 2 Trump's USSC pick doesnt want campaign finance reform!Yuge issue! Follow Sanders dems
supreme court justice nominee is bad for this country have some balls and vote against Drumphs pick
Remember who you work for, Senator.
You sir are despicable and a turncoat. I hope the voters remember this monumental sham you are pulling.
