why don't you announce your intentions before the vote? No interest in your constituents input?
#resist
anyone voting to allow the mentally ill access to firearms belongs ON the list of those not allowed firearms.
keep voting for Trumps appointees that don't have experience & in 2018 you will be experienced & unemployed
Another horrible vote for average Americans. Go join the Republicans because you are NOT a Democrat. #Traitor
You need  o get onboard with an investigation with Russia and Trump!!!! This isn't going away!!
. You are a team player. . .just playing for the wrong team.  Corruption seems to be sucking new swamp members in.
Thank God for the adults in the room. Love your bipartisanship. Please show everyone else how it's done
must be a WrestleMania fan
are another Capito. Act like Democrat. This country is under siege from Trump. Freedom of the press is under assault.
You're a gutless coward and your political career is toast
good luck in '18...
you're cranking out these explanations left and RIGHT. The Sessions explanation must have gotten stuck somewhere, pls resend
Well it's simple... You see, Joe thinks that Seasions will help his daughter w some of her business issues. @BtBurch @Sen_JoeManchin
Thanks for being a perfect racist stereotype
Reveal myself? You made a racist comment and I called you on it. GFY troglodyte.
So Joe, how much were U paid under the table from McMahon & the rest of Trumps cabinet?! Absolutely disgraceful!!
Embarrasing votes. Why even run in 2018. Lifelong Democrat, but I won't vote for you. You're a lapdog for Trump.Worse,you
Don't see any justification for Sessions and Mbuchin. Because there is none. Bad votes. Only democrat to vote for them.
I am at a loss of words for you Sen Manchin I will not support you in 2019.... You are hurting our party big time ...
you have to stop watching @Foxnews & listening to Bannon alt-right white supremacist bullshit aka the swamp
WWE leading small business, appropriate for an all show and no substance administration
You'll confirm anyone that goes along with your right-wing, self-serving agenda. Slimeball.
I was wondering when u might run for republican office???
The @JusticeDems are ;probably gunning for you. I mean that figuratively. They are likely looking to primary you.
This guy is bought!
Is there anything at all @realDonaldTrump could do that would not get your support? What power does Trump have over you now?
you are NOT a democrat, you're a sell out! This chick will have your coal miners wrestling for money  great job 
Sir, I hope you're thinking about running for POTUS.
A billionaire from the WWF Republican, sure she knows so much about small businesses in the current economic environment
can't wait to see a cage fight. u & a barrel of coal. see if you can digest enough to poo a diamond. go be the gop that u r
Feel good about wasting time?  Every nominee will be approved.  MOVE ON.  Might give you time to sell more epipens
you are such a major disappointment
I agree that it's important for an executive's appointments to go through.  There are fights worth fighting...Sessions?
Again, another write up on your vote, but not for @SenatorSessions or @stevenmnuchin1. See u 2018. See you 2 @MylanNews
R u even a democrat ?  Pls resign or just switch parties.
I agreed don't call yourself Democratic! We remember when its times to vote you out
.@Sen_JoeManchin Does your statement include your announcement of intent to switch over to the @GOP caucus? It's just an informality now.
You could have just said because 45 and Putin told me to. Cut to the chase.
just switch to R. That way we can run a real democrat for senate.
You are a disgrace to your party. How could she possibly be qualified? How much did you get paid for this nomination?
plz change to republican.  You were made 4 it.
will you join the #baddermesh march 3/6/17 in Charleston, WV?
But he is lying Ted, the President said so! Who are we to argue with the President?!
you're bought and paid for.. please go away.
Another highly qualified, experienced nominee.  That is sarcasm.
on a serious note, he is very intelligent,  &highly qualified.  Make no mistake about it.
I wish the state of #california had a senator like you, One who listens to both sides  .@SenFeinstein .@KamalaHarris
Can she bring Stone Cold Steve Austin with her?
.@Sen_JoeManchin What is trump/GOP promising you for these votes? No investigation into your corrupt daughter?
that 10 million from the RNC and consideration for a cabinet
You, sir,  r a sell out! I understand you need 2 keep ur base, but u also need 2 put country 1st & these cabinet picks r bad
You are NO democrat Mr.!
Why did you vote to confirm Sessions? Was it to gain favor with him to help in your daughter Heather Bresch's trial?
He really is a sold out piece of traitorous shit
Manchin is one of many who kiss up to Trump in order to hold on to his position. Expect him to change parties very soon!! @Sen_JoeManchin

will you join @RoyBlunt in his call to fully investigate @realDonaldTrump and Russia connections?
Not sure why they count you as a Democrat, you are not. You should really just leave.
D-Coal
Linda and Vince turned a small family wrestling promotion into a global entertainment phenomena. I'd say she knows whats up.
Are you even a Democrat?
