#MedicareForAll #DoYourJob Give up Joe. Your primary challenger (me) is in it because we are tired of begging. We are taking back our state & the #Dem party. We remember Mother Jones, Joe Hill &  the miners of Blair Mountain. We remember going hungry & getting cancer the most.
dear paula
run independent or pls dont request my support. 
i cant & wont reward the party 
who stole my voice + went unpunished. thanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxvPHops5O8 …
there's just nothing left 4 me 2 go home TO, Paula
I'm sorry;...truly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUt404sM1w4 … i began making memes as a way 2 manage grief. unless otherwise noted i make everything i post. i use free apps +
public domain image searches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0rfvhZBu-c&t=7s …
its just a way 2 sort it all out in my head
i was 12 yrs a dem
&im not going bk
You can vote for me as an independent.  It's not about the party.  It's about the candidate.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpR5BO6udZQ … you're definitely in luck;....this go-around. bc all incumbents have 2 go; but eventually u will be an incumbent too
But,  I will be a public servant.  Not a corporate tool.
Yes. Can't wait til election time. The farce that is congress will hopefully be drained very soon.
RT
It doesn't matter what affiliation you are. Come gen election if you aren't trying to help this country you're done
I totally agree.We must vote out repug leaning Dems as well.Check local and see what’s coming up & who needs to go. Get behind the opponent
If you're voting strictly on party you're part of the problem not the solution .  Gotta let you go, but God bless. Have a good day.
Thought you were slick.

#BIGBRANCH29 
YOU & OHOMO 
IT AINT GOING AWAY
This is intentional dysfunction. While tRump plays court jester to distract, Pence and the Koch clan launch their evil in the shadows.
So now President Trump is responsible for the action of others?
It's confusing cuz it doesn't look like he works cuz he's always at a golf course. He's really only in charge of diversionary sh1tstorms.
have to have the CHIP funding Children depend on it. one of the few govt programs that works as well as has shared responsibility
Sorry, Joe.  But you're right.
That’s because congress is so worried about themselves, they have forgotten about our country and the Americans they represent.
Shameful.
It's shameful that you voted against closing the loophole on gun purchases. Do something about Americans being massacred by gun crazed ppl!!
It’s “insures” not “ensures” Senator
Nice catch.
Why don't you worry about the safety of us instead kid insurance. No kid is ever turned away. Now secure 300,000,000. People safety. TheWALL
Agreed...
Tell that your leadership, @Sen_JoeManchin . Stop trying to get sympathy points for effectively doing nothing to address the situation b4 the deadline. #CHIP #WV
So, what are you going to do about it?!
You keep on siding with the evil GOP and this is what happens. They believe in taking from poor and giving to rich.
Well, most of the people up there have no idea of ' real life ' like the rest of us. Our Gov is in shambles, and we suffer.
You should look into the mirror. Are you part of the solution or just a Shumer pulpit? Wake up and help the people...
Then grow a backbone. Stand up to Schumer and the rest of the puppets in Congress. We are watching and taking names.
All talk. No action.
Joe? You can't really expect anything else when you have one American party & one anti-American party. Those 2 will NEVER agree on anything.
You stopped working on MY side of the aisle when you laid down the 30/06 you campaigned on.
The shame is that we have so many PARENTS unable to afford healthcare for themselves OR their children, Joe.
Well who accounts for the other 8,880,00 children, Joe? Are any of them illegal aliens?
edit:  minus 20,000 Wvians, = 8,880,000
ryan is more focused on fundraising than the so-called peoples business he speaks about @SpeakerRyan
House of Representatives dropped that ball. Their responsibility, not senate.
Agree 100 percent, thank you, Senator! Congress must reauthorize quickly to stop this vital program that cares for our children from dying.
Support our President
Shameful indeed.
It is horrible; leadership on both sides have to change
That's your Republican pals Joe.
Fix it then
Agree
Wasn't the whole argument that Graham-Cassidy would be administered just like the CHIP program that was so successful?#takemyballandgohome
Not manchin but those who killed chip
Get rid of gop
.@HouseGOP & .@HouseDemocrats:
Bring forth articles of impeachment against .@POTUS.
.@SenateGOP & .@SenateDems:
Remove POTUS 45.
#CHIP #WV
That's your former party...one you continue to "lean" toward...but glad you've acknowledged & defended the CHIP program..thank you
This is just one line on a very long list of dysfunctional and shameful things so far and we are only 9 months in. You. Can. Do. Better.
But they're damn quick to stop end Planned Parenthood, birth control, abortion. Now end healthcare for children alive & needing it.HYPOCRITS
They are functioning perfectly for their donors, doing exactly what they are told. Do you believe we are being fooled?
Are you all planning to fix this mess? America is tired of this type of nonsense
Thank you for that straight talk.
The assumption we have to make is that this was a deliberate decision of the majority party.
The Senate sucks
Yeah - tell @SenCapito your get off of her butt & do something for #WV!!!
Sure is! Also a shame when people with the power to protect its citizens through #guncontrolnow refuse to do so and then offer prayers.
How is repealing Obamacare in full going?  Until then, I will not sympathize.
Maybe you need to spend more time trying to  get them jobs then handouts
As a voter I'm about to adopt a policy of never voting for an incumbent who has served two terms.
Shameful is the right word for it, Senator. Please don’t give up.
It's also shameful that congress can't figure out what to do with the guns
You contribute to that dysfunction.
oh well too bad
Liberals your miserable people. Tax cuts for the rich? Your racist?  Top 10% pay 70% of taxes. If you work, how many poor people hired you?
Is this another “I built this” posts? How many rich people built their businesses without workers?
Take your life savings and start a business, then let liberals tell you what to pay ur employees, how much you can keep. Get back to us
Yep. You did it all on your own. Tax $ supported your business in a lot of ways. Just say thanks.
Welfare for all. Get a job
Comment from a Democrat who votes against everything the GOP proposes as part of his party's "resistance" movement to fight Trump's agenda.
You still voting with Chuck and Nancy? Enough said.
The Republicans are happy to trade it for rich folks tax cuts.
It's shameful u didn't vote to kill Obama care #tcot # Maga @redstatesnews
Thank you for being a voice of reason
@Congress @Senate @SpeakerRyan @Sen McConnell @SenMcCain @SenSchumer @SenWarner @SenFranken @SenPortman CHIP HEALTH CARE Ended For Children
No wonder Congress has such a low approval rating! Keep up your fight Senator.
