Way to pander, suck-up. There WERE two sides there. A legal, permit-holding group and an illegal mob who showed up to start violence
Try google next time instead of taking the word of a pathological liar.Antifa did have a permit.
They most certainly did not.
Actually, standing up to Nazis and the KKK MEANS THE WORLD to every sane, anti-racist American.
So, BLM and antifa aren't hate groups. Groups aren't automatically "hate groups" because you disagree with them.
Call it what it is. Terror attack. Then go after enemies 'foreign, AND domestic
This is why I hope you lead the effort to remove Robert C Byrd's statue and his name from every road in West Virginia. No room for KKK
If you despise the KKK this much you have to be a leader of this cause!
I hope this confirms you will not accept Secy of Energy if offered. Or any other position for which you have to give up your senate seat.
Yes, he just confirmed this. Thank you for protecting health care for all Americans, Senator Manchin.
Just like a Democrat. Take an anti-American terrorist event & make it about the President. Get informed, Joe. Forget the Democrat propaganda
That graphic is an ad for Charlotte NC, not Charlottesville. Has anyone bothered to verify if it is real and what it is actually for?

@CNN
But you loved Byrd! So you support ANTIFA and BLM?
They're not hate groups, there's no comparison. Antifa=anti-fascist/nazi. BLM=Anti-murder of innocent black people.
BLM destroyed looted Missouri for no reason. Baltimore too
The President still REFUSES to criticize the rally in Charlottesville  OR the conduct of its lethally armed, bloody-minded participants.
Take the money for that wall and use it for opioids treatment.
On behalf of my parents, who were from Huntington and showed me the beauty of WV, you do the state proud! Thank you for this.
Thank-you 
And you had better stick to this, because I DO vote.  #NotMyPresident
KKK/WS is not acceptable EVER. Please tell me you disagree with violence/hatred by all groups!  Politicians missing that point = SCARY!!!
All groups!!!
That's what I mean.  ALL old and new hate groups whether far left or right. No place for any of them.
Not exactly what POTUS said.
Thank you.
I agree you need to call out BLM and other hate groups
Question.. Do you plan on following Illinois? 
I'd LOVE to see this happen, with more states following suite.
Thank you very much and well said. We need more of you.
Yet the President has continued  to rally his White Supremacist followers with that odious white power hand gesture.
Family living in Charlottesville state BLM and Anifta were armed screamed yelling and fighting. kkk is pond scum but others fought too
The president condemned all. And all means all all doesnt mean some
If only the president was credible 
Is this the Democrat right way of handling themselves?
What are progressives to you in that category?
Thank you, Senator Manchin for your clear response to this travesty in moral leadership from our president.
What is happening to our party? The progressives r trying to take it over. Warren says there is only room for the progressives now! Stop her
You said you support our president. he condemned all actions of hate. Mincing words, you join the rest of folks who hate Trump.
Resign
I love when you appear on TV so sensible. The best of luck in your endeavors.
Thanks Joe and please do not join his cabinet
Didn't seem to bother you when half of WV is named after your Democrat KKK Grand Kleagle Sen Robert Byrd
It takes two to tango Joe. Do you not support the 1st and 5th Amendments anymore?... It's your oath of office... Do you support #Antifa ?
you are the one who is wrong on this. I thought you had more common sense than this statement you put out. Sad.
So neither should you.  Do you denounce Robt Byrd a leader of the KKK and a fellow senator?  Don't be ambiguous.
Your senator from Missouri just called for assassination of our POTUS senator Chappell-Nadal do you denounce this hatred?
There are two sides. And both of them were at faults. And they were both wrong. Although BLM showed up to what was a peaceful demonstration
My thoughts. I'm a Rep. but I have always respected you. How can you stay with such an evil group of people that make up Democratic Party?
Wow! Joe it took you long enough. And you had to dump on the president as well. Lost some respect for you today.
They were at fault, yes. But so were AntiFA, BLM and the the person who told the police to 'stand down'.
Getting rid of everything in W. Va. with Sen. Byrd's name on it? GRAND KLEEGLE Byrd?  'Til then, just a bunch of hypocrites.
Byrd did a lot for the state of WVA even if he was an ass in his belief of KKK
So what? Down with his statues too!
But two groups on the wrong side let's make no mistake about that we the American people aren't stupid.  We know whose worse.
Well said, @Sen_JoeManchin thanks for standing up for what's right!
Please do not join his cabinet!
WV needs to lead by erasing the reminders of former klansman Robert C. Byrd. Will you do that?
Thank you for your straight-forward message. My uncle fought the Nazis up the spine of Italy and helped keep them from taking Bastogne.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator, for your unequivocal statement. The spotlight has been on you, and it means so much that you stood up for what's right.
Thank you for trying to unite the country .
Crickets !
Why dont U mention Jason Kessler, the political double agent that helped organize Charlottesville? And http://crowdsondemand.com ? Get informed
It's the Democrat party and global anti-Americans that are hiring these people out to do the jobs they do as they fake these protests.
Good grief, Joe. Ever heard of Jason Kessler? Here's the REAL story. We have people like this all over the country! https://www.allenbwest.com/2017/08/15/cover-heres-media-wont-say-charlottesvilles-protest-organizer/ …
Thanks, Senator! It's nice to know someone in WV realizes that there's only one acceptable "side" when it comes to genocidal ideology.
Thank you Senator. Well and rightly stated.
Thank you for mentioning Trump.  He is trying to divide this country.
I respect the fact that you are willing to speak truth to power!  #nextpresident
Don't forget about ANTIFA on the "other side "
open your EARS & YOUR MIND my president did say just that !!!
2.  RCB (with his many flaws) at least put WV needs first!  He would certainly wonder what has happened to the leadership in our state.
Feel WV is being abandoned.  @SenCapito is Trumps puppet, @WVGovernor betrays and signs up for Trump so you can maybe get a cabinet slot.
Well said. Now what will you do about opposing racist policies and dismantling institutional racism?
Joe can both sides not be wrong? This Antifa group is racist in its own right. Don't pretend that only white hate groups are despicable.
True, both antifa and the white supremacists came armed and armored and ready for a fight.
Thanks for taking a clear & unambiguous stand!
Thank you for voicing your objection.
But explain how you feel about @realDonaldTrump's Tuesday statement, please, Mr. @Sen_JoeManchin!
Thanks for mentioning @potus. Wish @SpeakerRyan had the guts to do the same.
But you don't give a shit about Bannon, Miller and Gorka. You "reached across aisle" and voted to confirm Sessions and Tillerson. Screw you.
Profanity is the refuge of the dim witted.
Regardless of the source, reject all violence , rasicim, & hatefulness. Dems r not doing America good by favoring  one side over thec other.
It's either a win win or lose lose with Democrat's & Republican's! I want my own party a party of the people by the people & for the people!
It will only exist when our children grow 2 better the future for all humanity not just the hanging chad cohorts or bootlickers party! #Indy
U R  another politically motivated opportunistic politician. U R part of the problem, taking advantage of tragedy to push your agenda.. SICK
Thank you and PLEASE DO NOT JOIN THIS ABHORRENT AND NAZI LOVING ADMINISTRATION! Please stay in the Senate where you are needed
Why won't you call out the ANTIFA too? Are you a Spineless Man?
Trump knows who's at fault, U R the one who won't acknowledge the Alt Left, ANTIFA and their violent ideology which is decidedly UN-AMERICAN
thank you, well said!!!
Tear down Robert C Byrd Bridge it offends me
How clear is clear enough?
http://710wor.iheart.com/featured/mark-simone/content/2017-08-14-watch-the-media-lie-about-donald-trump-and-david-duke-and-the-kkk/#ixzz4pmgNSLu9 …
Trump conflates bad behavior with bad ideology. Only one side had both. Please stand strong. Impeach 45


Nazis are most vile on earth but Antifa group were hired protesters armed with bats, piss and shit bags. That's not totally without blame.
The time for impeachment is NOW.  Americans will remember who supported this embarrassment to democracy
That's what we kept saying other side showed with no permit so we know they we looking for trouble
Senator, WV and all Democrats are begging you. Do NOT abdicate your seat for a position in the Trump administration.
-Joe,you cannot turn a blind eye to the extreme hatred shown by the Radical alt-LEFT! It is easy to label all marchers Nazi's. They weren't!
This WV Mom thanks you!
You're endorsing violent criminals. Disgusting. Can't wait for WV to vote you out.
Lube your rear cause your party just set your state up for a pounding.  Awful lot of things named after Robert Byrd.....
Please do not join this vile administration of nazi apologists & sympathizers. They are indefensible.
So are antifa and BLM
You did not name the chief BIGOT Joe @realDonaldTrump Say His Name or your words are worthless!
Took you long enough. Get your comm shop in order
