but you couldn't go to the ACA meeting with the President ??#ProtectOurCare
Have you considered becoming a Republican?
A lot of his constituents are racists.
there's always a mole, always subversive little ass thirsty 4money-untrustworthy! 
Well, we'll see what happens when his folks get kicked off their fake disability.
it's not a joke, #ACARepeal is nothing to negotiate with-people don't know what they've signed for 
That will hurt them, too, but I was talking about this:
yes! Alarming where I live too-SS has ticket2work prog most don't know about-fraud widely investigated.1
how long before that D after your name becomes an R?
They can work together can't they? Bill Clinton worked with the Republicans in the nineties.
NO! these are NOT, repeat, NOT Republicans of '90's These R from #BananaRepublic #Resist shiny C's
These are not the Democrats from the nineties.  Most of these are George Soros puppets.
Darling! Best way2 deflect-Soros has no party other than money! talk about Putin love affair w/45 
Darling?
or maybe snowflake? You can join us! 
George Soros sucks the big one.
Judas sold his sold to the Devil too.
Why are you talking to Mike Pence? What does he have to offer WV except more hate and poverty!
@USAHipster @mike_pence Good to see at least 1 Democrat has some integrity and sanity
# a change is needed. Hard working families are bearing the brunt and this is an issue!!
thank you for your willingness to be open to new ideas
New ideas like grabbing pussies and gutting health care smh
you would think by now liberals would have new material but alas like their party nothing new
trying to reach you to talk about battlefield acupuncture is worse than having teeth pulled! #staffers #Fortress
I regret ever voting for you! I can't believe I was that stupid! WV won't make that mistake again!
Sure. Just like the Republicans did over the past 8. Lol. Attaboy.
but you couldn't be bothered to attend a meeting with @POTUS about the ACA, which many WVians rely on? 
He doesn't care about the poor in WV, its all about  money for Joe and his family
Excellent.Thinking that it would have been better if Dems met w/ @mike_pence and Repubs w/ @POTUS on Obamacare
#switchparties #yourereallyarepublican
Please help "Drain The Swamp".
Mike the Repub Party needs APPLAUD this good ole WV's Senator's Bi-Partisan efforts is rare under BO Socialists.
C'mon, Joe, get on the side of what made America great, not who tried to take America down.
You are listening to us..much appreciated.
I am proud you realized it is dividing our Country even more. Proud of you.
I hope you also willing to work with PEOTUS Trump too?@mike_pence
My dad a POW WW2 would be ashamed of you! Sitting with Pence instead of your President! Shame! #TrumpLeaks
I surely hope so.following Obama is a deadend . he's politically killing off the Democratic from sea to shining sea
@SenSchumer @POTUS @NancyPelosi @SenSanders How will Abolishing ACA impact Republicans children, families?
How will patients with preexisting conditions be dealt with without mandate?
.@Sen_JoeManchin @JayS2629 @mike_pence  Joe....get real...get out of the DNC...you dont belong there.
Joe just remember those WV folks that now have medicine and access to medical care when you play these politics. #Obamacare
I'm ashamed that you didn't meet with President Obama today. Mike Pence could meet you another day.
You need to fight for ACA. Otherwise we will remember and VOTE YOU OUT!
Senator Manchin thank you for wanting to work with the new administration.
thank you for trying to be part of the solution and playing party politics
Selling out to save your political ass.  Bring back coal...RIGHT!!
don't work w/republicans!!!  They refused to work 4/Americans f/8 years. Grow a backbone don't let them ruin USA
you are one of the dying breed of good Dems.Thanks for bipartisan.

Kicking 20+ million off insurance b/c you can't stand Obama doing what GOP couldn't do w/GOP own idea (individual mandate) @MarshaBlackburn

Do you support the repeal of Obamacare? RT if you do, and share what you want to see as the replacement.
Here's the real Mike Pence
Pence was one of 10 Republican governors to expand Medicaid under Obamacare. http://khn.org/Njc3NjY5  
Thank you for your principled stand on bi-partisanship! Working together for a better USA is what people want! @mike_pence
This repeal & replace is about destroying Obama's legacy,not about the good& welfare of the ppl.Pence:hypocrite
Pence & Repubs only interested in repeal not improve ACA.Repubs refused to w/Dems&Obama to make improvements
Was this a bipartisan meeting, since that was your excuse for not meeting with #Obama today on #ACA.
I guess if it was him and Pence, it would be bipartisan. But ya'll get my point.
Joe you are a fool. Your miners are losing fabulous benefits from the ACA. Pick &shovel jobs gone.! Educate.
If you could work w/a guy who doesn't accept a link between smoking/cancer, then you're in the wrong damn party.

well isnt that cozy...is there some reason UR pretending 2B a democrat? Is that some kind of new scam by the GOP
You're a pathetic Dem Senator,thank god mid term elections are not too far off.
disgrace!
If you want to keep The Affordable Care Act call Speaker Ryan & take the survey. https://twitter.com/bluerootsradio/status/801229721379938304 …
Hope you don't copy Pence on his stand on women's issue. They guy is a Neanderthal.
Repealing the ACA is a death sentence to the sick, Black Lung beneficiaries will loose their benefits!
The Liberals want ACA to fall so they can con GOP into Universal Health Care.. No Way!
You're a good guy Sen. Manchin.. and also VPE-Pence.. We'll be praying for both of you on the ACA Craziness
Manchin, you really should switch parties. If you couldn't meet with Obama but you could Pence? Bye.
Democrat, my ass. You're a traitor @mike_pence
Not a good move, Senator, skipping meeting with President.
Great To Hear Everything went Good With Our Great VP OF OUR USA! MPENCE
and reinforced that he has no business interfering with women's personal & private health care decisions?
Good first step Senator. Thank you for doing that. Did other Democrats accompany you? Nice job on WAJR this am
Senator....you are truly one of the few elected Democrats who is willing to work for Americans.....thank you
Now maybe you and your family can make more money off of the pain of others!
something about mandatory epipens to be in included in trumpcare? @Sen_JoeManchin @mike_pence
Wow. Such hate. ACA WILL be repealed. Everyone working together for a better solution is what's needed for all.
bipartisanship could be catching it's breath. Nah, just a guy with an epipen-selling daughter.
DINO
You are exactly what America needs now Senator.

Need more grown ups like you in the Democrat's party
you are starting to look like another crony politician wanting to eat with the other pigs at Trump's trough
#WVSTRONG
you really are pathetic. I wish you would hurry up and switch parties already, traitor!
please trade places with Graham or McCain or both
Traitor.
Your daughter gonna get indicted soon?
Your constituents need to vote you out your seat.
#traitor
Joe Manchin is the one Democrat I would consider voteing for.Would be nice to have good candidates on both sides
....and yet, you refused to attend POTUS meeting?  Please distance yourself from @NoLabelsOrg
Why did you run as a Democrat? The GOP is about to screw every miner in West VA
Traitor. They refused to work with PBO, but you're willing to work with them? You are a disgrace.
be VERY careful the Trump A will b caught up n ethics conflict of interest scandal leading 2 impeachment B4 2020
so disappointed in you, you are a sham of a Democrat. You worry more about your job than your country
So he's a sham for representing his constituents (voted 69% Trump vs 26%HRC)?
So you will meet with him but not the president? I am embarrassed that you are my senator.
why should he meet with the current President. He's outta here in 16 days thank god!!!
Sellout. Just leave the party already. We don't need DINOs like you.
Will you vote to repeal too? People will lose healthcare and be unable to get meds. #CRIMINAL
Just switch parties already!
Glad to know that you are going to work with Trump to get our WV economy back.
pathetic.
great

But he wants ACA dismantled & maj inc MANY republicans want to keep it.

We voters are watching this.
time for you to switch parties. U will not win next election if u don't
Respecting President Trump is the best way for Senator Manchin to work closely with VP Mike Pence
