Silly turdhead!!  Just become Republican and get it over with. LOSER!!
. what I want to know is today why haven't Sen Manchin spoke out against the GOP New Plan even Capitol spoke out
I guess Shelley Moore Capitol is more Democratic then our own Democratic Senator. Joe your making it hard dems
BULL! WHY DID YOU VOTE YES FOR SESSIONS??
Joe votes for what is best for his career and/or his corporate overlords.
Ceos of corporations make millions taxpayers subsidize through gov subsidy.
you stand fir West Virginia as I eou Kd expect but you have to see they killing the black lung and jobs gine.
No more corporate welfare. All employers need to provide insurance to full and part time workers with gov help.
This is what Senators Elected for Not Refuse Seat at Table with POTUS Hope DEMS All Secretly Meeting with POTUS Pretend Otherwise Publicly
he won't be standing for WV much longer.
joe turned his back on West Virginia
traitor to everyone
Hopefully, your state finds a worthy primary opponent for you.
they have . Evan Jenkins will run against him
Good, then we'll be rid of that little weasel for a while
I would like to say thank you for giving @POTUS a chance.
Would love to see you switch to Republican .Perhaps we could trade #JohnMcCain for you?
Do you really believe Sessions was best 4 this country? NOT. Yet, you voted for him & gave him a  as you left
@Any new jobs yet
oh please give us a break. Move to the other side of the aisle where you really belong Trump/GOP sychophant
Super - how about a town hall?
you lost my vote, Senator Manchin.
Too many workers getting paid under the table and then collect gov benefits. Doubt they pay taxes.
Too many workers getting paid under the table and then collect gov benefits.
Companies hire for ninety days then lay people off before they can get benefits then hire them back,a cycle.
Many part time workers don't get health care. They are the ones getting the medicaid expansion.
Employers changed full time to part time workers to get out of paying for health benefits.
I can pay people to say nice things about me, too!
Joes bff Trump and the GOP are about to screw over poor and sick West Virginians and Ole Joe is okay with that
resign
Except @Sen_JoeManchin refuses to challenge and stand against racism & bigotry
well the Republicans are out tk cut the United Mine Worker health care leaving them out in the cold.
Joe Manchin stands for what's  best for Joe Manchin's.
I thought that your JOB was to represent us, not DECIDE what is best for us.
it's what MANCHIN thinks NOT the citizens of West Virginia, WOW, a bit narcissistic?
"As long as Donald says it's ok"
Closeted Republicans always manage to find their way through the door.  #resist
Yeah, like approving ridiculous Cabinet appts. Come on Joe, let's get honest. btw can't help addicts w/o hcare
1 of 2 Dems to support Pruit? Maybe just for WV then.
Stand for WV? You are kidding right? The only thing he stands for is filling his pockets. #Votemeout
Truth and his money grubbing daughter too
Confirming Pruitt as head of EPA is NOT in anyone's best interest but the fossil fuel industry. Get real.
Hey @WVTelegram your readers are onto @Sen_JoeManchin we know he stands for nothing but his corporate masters.
#countryb4party #resist #DINO
if only all dems in DC were so reasonable!
just like Republicans were with Obama?
switch parties your outnumbered
This article assumes liberals like me are from out of state, but I assure I am a WV voter and objector to @Sen_JoeManchin.  @WVTelegram
stands for what he thinks will keep him in office
no doubt but remember,  country before party. I believe there's an Oath he took? Just asking him 2 honor it
He needs to register as a Republican and quit fooling his constituents. He votes w GOP 73.9% of the time.
Your assistance to Trump is noticed. #vichydemocrat
The #Trump nightmare keeps getting worse
I have an idea, how about you do what the people want, not what YOU think is best.
Hallelujah!!
. I bet he will! Hahahahaha Who cares what the people think, right. Can't wait for him to be primaried.
When you stand with @realDonaldTrump your thinking is simply wrong.
but will get on his knees for Donald j Trump
and that's not your party.  You know it.  Make it official, Joe
