you think it's a no-brainer anybody with some freaking brains would think you'd want to relationship with Russia
Metrication is not a D or R issue. Metrication is good for all Americans, Metric means markets.
Stop making the pain meds causing it. There are others that used to be made that didn't cause thus. Pharmaceuticals knowing did this.
Politicians solution to any problem is more money. Why do people want to take drugs? Solve that or all the money won't solve the problem.
I will help the people of WV make sure u go. To say the President must kiss the ring of the intelligence commmunity makes u unfit 4 office.
Drugs.
Senator, it's a capitalism problem.  When big companies make huge profits at citizens' expense, government needs to step in and regulate.
And when his daughter, Heather Bresch, makes 19mill price gouging at Mylan pharmaceutical. He's part of the problem
These meds were banned once in the 1920s . Why were they approved again.
YOU ARE A JOKE
STEP DOWN
GET A TRUE TRUMP SUPPORTER IN YOUR PLACE
YOU ARE A LOSER
FAKE FAKE FAKE THAT IS YOU
Appointing a special prosecutor to investigate the fake Russia story is a waste of taxpayer money. Let Dems pay for it if they want it.
We have Neoliberals plaguing the Democratic Party. It's time to purge Joe with a New Deal Dem.
Agreed. Additionally, Existing resources need to be reallocated from judicial/punitive to treatment/prevention.
It needs congress people with BALLS to sue Big Pharma.
Intel agencies are corrupt & to powerful instigating fear in Congress who bends over for them. Well the ppl don't. No to REAUTH 702 FISA.
Time to get bootlickers like you out of office - just watched you on CNN - absolutely terrible - time to vote you out
As a taxpayer I WILL PAY FOR THE WALL!!!  I DO NOT WANT TO PAY FOR WELFARE!! REPEAL OBAMACARE!!! STOP being a stupid DemocRAT!!
Shot down by Ukrainians , court finding made ukraine to pay Russia and Israel for restitution , research . This isn't a leak
Stop this insane persecution of our President,  This is exactly who I voted for.  I'm not surprised by his actions, but appalled by yours.
Vote for real Representative of People. Vote Paula Swearengin (@paulajean2018) #JusticeDemocrats
Question. Does he want money for private prisons or private treatment?
Heard what you said about voting you out. Okay, we will.
In Russia ,,layover either way it usually travels in russian airspace
For trump and the U.S. and Israel intelligence sharing ? About 2000 give or take a year a airliner carrying Russian Jews downed by terrorism
You seem like a man of conviction , though I disagree on special prosecutor, Do you know why Israel isn't complaining and shows support
WV lack of legislative Pharmaceutical DEA oversight brought 900k doses oxycontin into state, follow that $ to fine for revenue to clean up
Demand a special prosecutor
I hope you're paying attention to all the twitter feed! You have to know your days are numbered.
Sen. Joe Manchin more money will not fix bad decisions.
I believe if media reports were correct 3 Americans dead , next I don't know of direct flights to China ,but American traveling stop at time
About 2000 give or take a year it's a while don't remember flight number . This probably okay with Israel . Now there was an airliner 2014
You guys are humiliating our country by acting like petulant children.  I have never been more embarrassed & has nothing to do with Trump
President was within his authority to share intel.  He doesn't need the approval of congress.  Within his authority to fire Comey.
I recently heard Comey's statement again, Naming Hillary's crimes.  Why wasn't she prosecuted?  She wasn't even scolded.  This is enough!
Why aren't you outraged by the leaking and unmasking?  These are real crimes, we all know about them but congress doesn't prusue?
President Trump shares intel, perfectly within his office, and the liberals want blood. There is a double standard here and I don't like it
the real perils.  Hillary distributed thousands of classified & top secret documents.  She was simply forgiven? She is an attorney, she knew
Manchin, Those Intel communities you're so supportive of:  James Clapper, liar.  James Comey, liar and John Brennan, liar.  Not impressed.
Tell that to the liberals. They oppose everything. Very sick people.
Is congress on drugs?  I am embarrassed & ashamed of the way liberals R disgracing our country & president.  Distracting the country from ..
Why bitch when WE can fix it!
HERES HOW WE WIN
1. 90% would love Congress 2Polygraph
2. 90%will vote 4guy who will TRY IT!
@ru_honest1
Impeachment of Trump should not be dem or rep.  What is your stance?
Wife teaches rough schl Harrison Cty. Kids raising selves. Need County homes 4 kids or $ for relatives. No jail let mom & dad od jail=waste$
@SenateDems why are you retweeting Joe? We all know he's as red as a tomato. One of Trumps Blue Dogs / Lapdogs.
Get your funding from your epi-pen CEO sister.. She's made lots of it off of scamming the most vulnerable..
That's his daughter
It's not all the docs, Joe. Have worked with many. Most are afraid to write pain meds. Bet the % of junkies who get them from docs is low.
Yeah is that why the GOP wants to throw people off drug rehab and jail more of them? You're a shill for the GOP you fraud
Opioid epidemic started after you shut all the mines down and drove our jobs out!
No it didn't.
so does the senate think putting people in jail is going to help people with addictions? Sessions sure does seem to think so...shame
No , you need independent auditors to verify what quantities are manufactured and accountability to where they go!!! Sure is a lot of drugs!
Three strikes you're out, and I mean OUT !!!!
Treat as a medical problem, not a criminal problem
Fight the problem !!! Do not blame it on Trump or Obama and health care to be a 'solution' to this problem !!!
Next week: "I meant less not more! Anyways, re-elect me, sheeple!" (pic ~20 days apart). 
#WhichJoeManchin
great idea on the surcharge on opiod manufacturers to cover treatment centers, make a nickel and then it can have a powerful impact
And to stop giving you money to flood us with opioids.
Make big Pharmaceutical pay take them to court and make them have a day in court like RJR did

Nice performance on Morning Joe... You have once again proven you are a traitor and national security threat in your kowtowing to Putin/45
I'm sure your man Drumpf will look out for the those in West Virginny.Maybe if they had stayed off the pipe,they would not have voted Trump
Right. And you're not going to get it by continuing to prop up Trump and the GOP.
Legalize marijuana. Let people use natural pain relievers instead of the legal drugs aka pharmaceuticals
So Senator Manchin, Is your daughter's Co looking to buy Narcan too so she can do with that what she did to Epi-Pen?
Start talking about DJT incompetence. Leaking Intel to impress Russia. 
I've lost respect 4 u. 
Put country 1st.
#TheResistance #Trumprussia
How will AG Sessions' new drug sentencing rules impact areas devastated opioid addiction?
Now that is an interesting and valid question. Tragically, they won't answer it.
Stop. Russia intrusion on our election is paramount. Sessions wants to fill his prisons. We want Russia out of America 
#TheResistance
Is it the responsibility to take care of America like a mommy...grow up and be responsible and an asset to the community not a liability 
@USAGSessions is not listening.
Are you kidding me!? Rich Republicans don't want to pay a dime for broke junkies, or healthcare for that matter
Well then clearly it's a "D" issue cus your "R" friends are all about being on the wrong side of this issue in Health Care and Enforcement.
then stop trumpkissing and stand up 4 your country senator. Your alliances with the repugs do nothing to support your pleas now.
Thought democrats felt that fight against drugs was of no value.
Hey Joe, why should my tax dollars pay for these fools' choices? #hypocrite
Legalize Pot
