what about Sessions?  We are watching. We know you voted yes on Sessions. Ur up for re-election next year!  We're watching!
He won't be voted out for Sessions vote. It will be for rest his fence riding liberal BS...too party loyal
we will see. His constituents are progressives.
You are misinformed. Check again. Good day.
he's a democrat, idiot.
Well I vote,idiot. We will see who his "constituents" are in 2 years.
and you think you're the only one that votes? 
No but I'm sure I cancel your vote. He will be gone in 2018. Write it down.
I am disappointed in your may vote
but you where the solo Dem for Sessions. Hmmm? Didn't your daughter raise EpiPen over 500%? 
Hmmm? Buying favors with votes?
did you ever think that price might clean up the HHS after you voted for sebelius
A bit of misdirection?  Why not post how you voted for @SenatorSessions. See ya in 2018: tick-tock. We see you 2 @MylanNews
that won't make up for your yes vote on Sessions
good for you we don't need people who have drug problems walking around with no treatment
67.9% for Trump.  We want his changes!
Why the vote for Pruitt? This flies in the face of democratic values, you jeopardize their water, you threaten life.
thank you for voting with the democrats this time. Ur vote for Sessions was beyond disturbing. We've been watching
well praise if its due, good job
Price probably didn't pay him enough to sway his vote.
Understood but get behind border wall, stop drugs from flowing in!! Fix problems not treat symptoms!! Trump is my prez!
Joe, it's time to quit playing follow the Liberal Elites! Take back our party - JFK would not play these games... be strong!
Where is your explanation for your YES vote on Sessions.
Didn't have a daughter to protect on this vote, I see.
Progressives R funding Primary challenge against Dems that vote against Party line! Sanders won WV!TRUMP lied 2 WV!! #RESIST
Sounds like you are trying to justify your wrong vote.   WV voted for Trump. Stop politics and approve his selections.
Sanders won WV Dems R ready 4 Progressive change!!Trumps a liar that tricked WV Dems.Th writings on th wall!#RESIST
Trump already promised to leave Medicare alone, Price is not changing that,  guess you like to run with your pack, WIMP!
Trump lied 2 WV!!He's going 2 hurt poor/middle class w/ every policy.Just look@billionaires N his Cabinet!Repub's hate us!!
Where's your statement on why you voted for Sessions ?
i am happy to hear your vote was based in the needs of your constituants.
Ur a Dem vote NO on all Repub's R u'll b Primary-ed!!Sanders style Progressive grassroots movement has $$ 2 Primary tratiors
we must continue to drain the swamp. You're next.
Good 4U!! This is what we expect from our Party!! Dems have 2 hold the line & vote NO on everything!!Just like Repub's did!!
But you had no problem voting for Jeff Session.  #Traitor
still waiting for the explanation on Sessions. They didn't need your vote, you did it to curry favor for your crook daughter
Thank you for standing up for what is right in this instance.

You lost - AGAIN
so basically, if you've made smart decisions, went to school and got a good job, didn't do drugs, you are out of luck?
Thank you for voting against Price.
Thank you for voting NO on Price. Please do not let the ACA get repealed. Fix it, don't nix it!
voting for Sessions in hopes your crook daughter walks for anti trust in gross epipen fiasco. We see what you're doing
Aw Joe did they have enough votes without you? Get ready for your primary. @krallenstanges
@SenSchumer @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @NancyPelosi Manchin STOP ignoring voices of Constituents.Unite or Depart from D's.
Thank you for this explanation.
See how easy it is to do the right thing. You have a long way to go to gain trust tho.
finally.
Be careful Joe.  Trump might not invite you for more photo ops.
@satesq but he's for Sessions? Hmmmmmmmmm
this doesn't make up for the fact that you were the only Democrat to vote yes for Sessions
very poorly written. Did you graduate from high school?
what about a statement explaining WHY you voted YES on Sessions? Still avoiding the issue? We will remember your vote BOOOO
Excellent Job! Medicare has been paid for from by working class through payroll deduction. It's not a handout, it's owed.
thank you
and your recommendation would be ........?
Honest Joe I really wish you the best always liked you and John Kasich, but something has to give there in Washington, UJoe
1 last thing be carefull We know your smart but Trump is a trickster,U be careful there in DC we in some of the surrounding
some of us in the surrounding states like WV isnt the only state facing coal challenges, rather jobs,but when men can't feed
there families and people R scared ,who knows how they will react ,You just don't believe everything that man says he is
Trump is Dangerous and Remenber Yrs ago exampleJohn Kasich balanced the budget created jobs, you fanily has a long history
With WV just don't forget how many people U ,Honest Joe ,Rumors of wars the Bible speaks of this ,how many people UAlot do
you serious?  He one of worst there "playing the game of politics".
Thank you Sen Manchin!
You should have issued a statement in your rejection of Sessions.
still working on that Sessions explanation?
#2018
Thank you. Also NO on Pruitt for future of the planet's sake.
What yourself. WV didn't leave the Democratic Party, the Democratic Party left WV
Good vote on Price. I'm a  constituent on Medicare. No privatization or Vouchers. Medicare and Medicaid work. Thank you.
Didn't your @GOP puppet masters get pissed about that?
I do wish #RepublicanAdministration cared about citizens health and not just their pocketbooks / wallets.  Greed harms!
Thank you Senator. WV has lowest percentage of employer paid benefits & the highest rates medicare & Medicaid in the USA
Shit, really?
You voted the way you were told to by your party leadership no surprise there
didn't do that with Sessions because of his daughter
?????? (sigh) 
