Why did you vote for Sessions for AG? You were only Dem to do so. We need to know why you broke with your party.
@Astull90 @Sen_JoeManchin because his daughter is being investigated by the DOJ which is now under new AG.
Can't make a deal with the devil and Sessions is a true racist. Principles and ethic do matter
it's a theory that he wants to play nice with Sessions so the case against his daughter will go away. Maybe.
Still no response on why u voted for Sessions ?!!!!!?????
HE doesbt care and wanta to grovel
-found out daughter was being investigated by DOJ for hiking up epipen prices...Sessions will oversee now !?
And yet you jump right in bed with racist hatemonger Sessions. The hypocrisy is breathtaking.
thank you senator. You seem to have reasons for your decisions not just party obstruction at any cost
Guess what? Substance abuse is a #mentalillness. So I guess they'll be able to get guns, too!! #NRAtoady
Congrats @Sen_JoeManchin for your principled voting! Now tell us, what principle guided your vote to approve Sessions?
and yet you are set to vote with #GOP to make it easier for individuals with #seriousmentalillness to get #guns #gunsense
but yes on Mnuchin?  Maybe the swampiest of them all?  Why??
why vote yes on Sessions? He hasn't proved he will be independent and unbiased as AG. He HAS proven to be racist.
but today you voted for big time polluter Pruitt! Can't wait for 2018. First Sessions now this! Republican at heart!
Some backbone at last-- unlike your customary "yes" votes to confirm Trump's incompetent Cabinet. Do you expect praise now?
stop trying to walk the line.  Do right and give up this middle of the road appeasement.  Looks like u just want save ur job
And why did you vote FOR Steve Mnuchin? We need to know!! We need to know right now!!
#presidentbannon
Good job Joe. Keep feeding them opiates, then give them treatment, then send them out to do more drugs.
- so why the Yes vote on Mnuchin? U let the people down!  Beware #2018primary!!
that's good but why the fuck did vote for Sessions and Mnuchin?
give u some advice, substance abuse cure is spiritual as much as biological...u have lots of Christian churches in WV w help
but you voted for Sessions
but you voted for Sessions.  Why????  You betrayed your party.
Yes, but today you voted to confirm Steve Mnuchin, a thief who made a fortune cheating your constituents & other Americans.
@wvdemocrats tell them To get a job and PAY 4 IT THEMSELVES joe. Not our fault u fund their laziness and addiction
yet you voted in favor of Sessions despite his past racist issues.
your wrong again. He is not a racist. Learn to read facts
bwahahaha comedy gold! This administration is sadly lacking in the facts area. Good try sweetie.
We are going to vote you out for voting for Trump's AG
why don't you focus on eliminating dugs Joe instead of building more rehab centers.stop the drugs at the border
dah, these drugs like meth are manufactured in meth labs in the USA.
Wrong vote Joe
, how are you going to vote on Pruitt? Are you ready to see the return of orange streams and two headed frogs?
Yet, you voted Yes for a racist!
still waiting for the explanation on the Sessions vote, this isn't going away.
would've been nice fir you to vote against sessions too, dingus.
You vote against Price does not excuse your vote for Pruitt.  In voting to confirm you voted against every child.
yea but you voted for sessions?? Change parties. You are a republican
but you voted for racist #JeffSessions and voted  to pollute our water.
how did wv get so involved with opiates under your watch?
THAT SESSIONS VOTE THOUGH. #REELECTION
& you voted for Sessions?
really? Because u believe he will end substance abuse programs? Baloney! U voted to not get in trouble with ur party.
If we doing nothing but treatment centers everyone in WV will be in them.  Get rid of drugs.
no amount of money can solve that problem.  People need to kick it themselves.   Prayer works.  And it is free
thank you!
#SELLOUT
WHY NOT TELL YOUR CONSTITUENTS THE REAL REASON. YOUR DAUGHTER??
Liar. You did it b/c you're feeling the blowback from your previous votes. Pandering to the left instead of right, more heat
Thanks! Also Please don't voucherize Medicare and privatize Social Security!
you need to get big pharma to stop poisoning Americans. 40k a year die from legal opiates.  Your state leads this - act fast
What have you democrats done in 8 years to combat the drug problem nothing!!!!!!
Sen. Manchin why were you the only Democrat to vote for Jeff Sessions? You haven't mentioned that vote
. Well if this is in regards to methadone clinics, I don't blame Price
Thank you.
Substance abuse treatment is just a rest stop for abusers & recovery stats are minimal. Should not be federally funded.
But why did you vote for Sessions? Did it have anything to do with the epipen incident?
Thankyou for voting for the good of your constituents rather than just the party line. Rally your peers to do the same!
Acting too much like an obstructionist.
but you voted for Sessions... Extremely bothered by that vote.
Do what you want Senator. Democrats are inciting these protesters and it is getting close to insurrection and sedition.
your kidding me Sen Manchin, u voted against Dr. Price because of substance abuse treatment access???
From what I've read, that was not the only problem with him.
Your opposition makes sense.  However, I think Price will do better than you think.
Today you must speak out against Trump's continued voter fraud lies.
TY @Sen_JoeManchin That helps but you mistakenly voted for Mr. Sessions who does not represent the ideals or values we need for all people.
Yet you voted for the racist Jeff Sessions.....wth?
lied about he meeting  Joe  quietly listened  to @realDonaldTrump lie while he insulted @SenWarren
How about his (and your) commitment to defund Planned Parenthood???
#WomensMarch #whyIMarch You lost my vote! You voted for Sessions. Shame on you
@SenatorSessions @SenSanders He did it for his "darling" daughter/con-woman #conflictsofinterest #draintheswamp
Sessions won't be hard on his daughter for her price fixing/gouging at Mylan.
that's fine. But you should have voted against Sessions! #election2018 #NoToManchin
they are an enabling and money making problem in our state Senator. They don't need to be what they are. Vote change
great, but do you know who experiences the greatest disparities in lack of access to substance abuse tx? People of color...
the people who are most likely to suffer from the vote u cast for Sessions. i never gave a crap about WV politics until now,
That's the ONLY reason?  Look, ur hillbilly constituents can just switch back to moonshine
THANK YOU!
only Dem to vote for Sessions.Daughter CEO who jacked up the prices of EpiPens. Sessions AG will be over the prosecution.
though I don't agree with you for voting no I credit you for always being fair and I thank you for being open-minded
As if providing funds for drug treatment should be the number one objective of the nation's healthcare system? You are crazy
Have you voted for any nominees?  Excuses.
But, you voted for Sessions. Don't live in your state. Will give money to any Dem opponent you ever face.
thanks Joe  some of Congress truly cares about America
we all know you have stay in line!Disappointed because I thought you was a fair man.
Maybe we should pass a law that all open borders and Sanctuary supporters must pay for opioid treatment but not everybody
Are you going to support @POTUS  in closing border We have turned WV red get on board or we will get you out
We are done paying for everybody's bad choices you Democrats are all for personal choice but make us pay against our choice
West Virginia puts drug users in jail. You do the same thing.

how about you get jobs in #WVSOTS17 and STOP your dem pay checks to lifelong welfare recipients. That stops drugs
too late you voted for that racist Sessions so maybe your constituents can send you on a early retirement
thank you for standing up for WV

Just a thought here....does Mylan Labs supply meds used for substance abuse treatment?
I believe mylan makes naloxone, aka Narcan...
Another tale of a father-daughter relationship working its way into goverment policy, eh?  (Thumbs up to JBS)
As YOUR constituent, will you commit to me that all of my favorite government programs will continue in perpetuity? #2018
you still voted for Session explain that.  Oh, you can't explain why you voted for a racist.
When the drugs stop pouring in, the treatment cases will go down. Do you stand for legal drug houses?
@POTUS has continually supported Rehab for addicts. I believe centers for addicts will be greater than ever. Offer solutions
#Traitor #FascistEnabler @Sen_JoeManchin 
#Indivisible $ #TheResistance @Sen_JoeManchin must be #Removed & #Replaced.
And you lost - AGAIN.
