@SenBobCasey This is what you should be doing @SenBobCasey 

AS I RECALL YOU LIBTARDS SAID WE PASS THE ACA BEFORE YOU SEE WHAT'S IN IT!
No tax payer money to help with paying the premium either.  It's a lie to say Congress is a small business with less than 50 employees.
Seriously do you not understand
Your purpose is 2 respect the voters of WV. They voted 4 Ocare REPEAL on 11/8 & U blew itAt least your Gov knows https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIYaGCY6NQc …
I've always liked you but I cannot figure out why pelosi and shumer run the show with far liberal agendas.
Thank you sir!
Why Congress should never pass a bill (like Obamacare) without votes from both political parties. #HealthcareBill #Hypocrisy
Thank you! LEAD THE WAY SIR! demonstrate the strength and sense WV roots make when so much is at stake!
You disappointed me I thought you were vote to repeal and replace the Obama Care and a new Health Care Bill for Virginia. SAD!
be careful with this working together stuff, you just might get yourself elected president.
after 7 years of bs now all of all of a sudden you know where the problems are give me  a break OBAMACARE IS DEAD. REPEAL AND REPLACE
I will voice my concerns Joe and vote against you
What a fraud You have not done one thing by partisan Shumer barks and you boot lick You have nothing to offer real Americans #Senjoefraud
You seem to be only level headed DEM, why don't you break cycle & vote more w/ REP if you mean that? @POTUS is helping trying to help USA
You're delusional. tRump is out for himself, not America. How can you blindly follow him?
We see how you blindly follow the liberal manual.
Can you please for potus in 2020? We need someone with your common sense and to do what's best for all of us, not be about your "party"
He's a stooge.
Democrats are not willing to work in a bipartisan manner as long as they come to the table with a list of demands before sitting down.
Ur bullshit saying the Russian attack had not effect when no evidence supports that but oceans prove it did. Just switch 2 R b honest or b
You mean Hillary selling Uranium to them. Or do you mean setting up Don Jr. Or the phony dossier Fusion gps set up with Comey?
That is NOT TRUE, the same treatment options under medicaid & private insurance are still available without OBAMACARE. No choice u/Obamacare
Thank you for putting party politics aside and trying to do the right thing.
Can't work together on taxes in a bipatisan manner because the democrats already have a list of demands for they agree to work together.
Joe Manchin sided with greedy insurance companies over struggling Americans when he voted to keep high premiums
I'm against Obamacare, not against Medicare. It shouldn't be expanded.  Way too much fraud in system already, expanding just opens up more
I don't get it, you had your chance to go across the aisle to collaborate and you stayed in lock step with crying Chuck? I long for old dems
This is why you need to stay in the senate.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Why do you support Trump!
Change parties Joe. After what Mueller is doing to hurt America for the Democrats, you will lose. Trump voters will never forgive you.
Sir, why did you vote for ObamaCare?  It is hurting us very bad. Also, please, join your Governor and become a Trump supporting Republicans.
It's a real problem but a fake ass Joe Manchin he don't care for anyone but himself and his family members what a piece of trash no Joe ....
Can the grown ups in the room, please get something done! #bipartisanship @SenJohnMcCain @SenShelby @LindseyGrahamSC @RandPaul
Thank you Joe
Now you can say you voted for Obamacare. Your vote against could have made a difference
Here is a good man, thus, no shot at the presidency.
I live in West Virginia and am a Republican and voted for Trump.  I appreciate the words you spoke. Start working w/ our President.
Honestly I see you shaking the hand of someone screaming Obama was a socialist and shunning someone begging you to take collusion seriously
agreed!!
EXCELLENT ON CHUCK TODD TODAY.  YOU'RE THE KIND OF LEADER THE US NEEDS; HUMBLE, HONEST, THOUGHTFUL, RESPECTFUL, DECENT, ON TARGET, RURAL!!!
Great. First leave your health plan and come join us on the bronze plan. See how you like your mandatory mediocrity
Yes, you should have voted repeal and go to conference together. ACA is hurting WV and the rest of the USA.
"Bipartisan" when they can't shove their socialists agenda down your throats as easily as the first four yrs of Pres Obama
Shove it Manchin!
U r very nice, liked & appreciated by many repubs for remembering who u r 1st-an Americn & ur willin 2 work across the aisle. Not many othrs
But he didn't. He listened to his master Chuck Schumer.
I wish all democrats were like you. Hope rep and dem will finally work together for the people not the party
I79 by lost sprigs very dangerous should be 55 Mph the whole exit as a safety corridor two tractor trailer accidents in two days! Please!
Blah blah blah @Sen_JoeManchin
You didn't.  You voted party line.  So that is pretty rich coming from you.
hi
Hope your changenof  holds. The citizens of your state need to be well represented. Tell the lobbyists to go home.
Absolutely right!!
Good luck with that. They only get together when a pay raise is involved.
WV appreciates you!
Just like Mueller  all dems like u Joe
Never will happen
Really Joe?  Tell that to Chuckie.  Yesterday you had leverage.   Today you have none .
Yeahhhhhhhhhhh. Can it be done. Can anybody in congress put aside their ego?
Senator, was that the spirit in which the ACA was passed. Jog my memory.
@SenJohnMcCain you are our nations #HERO in everyway #ThankYouMcCain #Trumpcare
If Democrats weren't COMPLETELY anti-American in their loyalties, bi-partison efforts would be possible. #MAGA #MoreRealRepublicansInSenate
Yes, it is time for all of the Senate to follow your lead of cooperation in the healthcare legislation. Thank you
I wish all the other politicans would follow your lead Senator Manchin!
That's true Susan
Yes!
Guess you and McCain can join to form your own party. That should accomplish a lot. Meanwhile American citizens have been betrayed.
Lead by example !
The voice of Reason in the hall of the Deaf!
Well maybe you should try. The Rep are committed to the economy if West Va which Obama & Dem destroyed U R loyal to party not people.
Democrats are only bipartisan if their own agendas are being fulfilled...why don't you go ahead and reach across the isle Senator Manchin!
I hope it's not too late. Obamacare has been & continues to be a disaster for my family & you guys just don't care. @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Democrats celebrate like children while hard working struggle to make the health care payments..glad your health care is free
struggle to pay #Premiums or have no #HC bc too much$ 
In #Oregon 2many folks work where #HC not offered so have None #Sad 
peace
We are not fooled.
You screwed the middle class on healthcare
Their primary purpose is to protect the industries that contribute to their campaigns, just like you. Service to people is distant 2nd.
You may be the only D that feels that way!  Blue Leadership has become a freak show!  We aren't paying you guys to resist everything!
We learned it from you Dad!
Would you say that after the election or run further left? Your votes show you are not wking in a bipartisan manner so you are not truthful.
Big words. But all you do is work with the DEMs despite 70% of voters in WV elected @POTUS . Go @realDonaldTrump ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
THANK YOU SENATOR!!!!! I appreciate all you do for our state!
Joe stood up for our state tonight. Proud 
Pease ask Capito that question.  We never know which side she is on...but it is not the side of WV
YOU let us all down too !!! I hope you're AKL voted out !!!! I'll send you our enormous health insurance bill. Ok ?????
Proud of you Joe!!  Thanks for standing strong.  Now we need to fix Obamacare.

Bipartisan NOW what happened 2 all pre-executive Orders signed because u have the ink pen
Fuck that. Fuck the junkies. We can't support them anymore!!!! If they choose to die let them.
did you ask for bi-partisanship when you DEMS pushed through this abomination w/o a SINGLE republican vote? Methinks not.
Say no Joe
How did u vote?
You are right Joe!
He is scared he's not going to be reelected! The man has been walking on top of the fence post b/c he's to afraid to comment to anything!
My dad has stage 4 cancer just received Medicaid to help with cost. Have to travel 2hrs 1 way for treatment.  He is @ 2yrs after 6 month dx
Lead the way Joe and break from the Dem obstruction agenda!  Vote for repeal!
You are one of the few who seems to realize that's would be best, cooperation and compromise foundation of our constitution
This is a lie. There's always been free county help 4 drug or alcohol addiction if a person sincerely wants to quit. Help if they look 4 it
I vote.
I am from WV.
Do not kill my patients.
Do not kill your constituents.
#SaveACA
Joe Manchin is the only adult Senator in the Congress period , I'm republican but I'd vote 4 him for President the ole blue dog democrats
YEAH RIGHT MANCHIN LIKE YOU DID WHEN YOU LOUSY STINKING DEMS GOT US IN THIS MESS AND PASSED OBAMACARE WITHOUT ASKING REPS WHO YOU KIDDING.
Hey Joe, did you vote yes for #Obamacare years ago?
#RepealObamacare
What are you going to DO to make that happen??
I have given up on that. Senate members are acting like children. Dems and Republican should do that.
You are an abomination who'd vote with the #racistgop and this #hotmess http://nyer.cm/eE1Zv3m  yr. daughter stole #epipen
Are you a yes vote or present?
This process is insane!! #VoteNO #SaveACA
#omg yr going to vote with the #gop @GOP well @BrandNew535 has a solution 4 u! #blacklung victims  #opiodaddiction #kermitwva #sanders
Skinny repeal = fraudulent disaster. Sickening and profoundly un-American. #fixACA
Joe Manchin, one of the few and only bipartisan members of the Senate. He knows what is right. And I am 100% Trump!!!! Get over it....
Joe Manchin sold out his people on the orders of Chuck Schumer.
The GOP has no heart, but thx for trying!
my husband needs lower premium in OK, please help!!
Great! And everyone knows we cannot get every hung we want in life so why not fix the ACA because it started as a lie Dems voted w/o knowing
Please stop this thing!!!
ALL BEING DONE TO THE PRESIDENT  IS BECAUSE SOROS,  OBAMA, HILLARY, SOME REPUBLICANS AND DEMS WANT A NEW WORLD ORDER!!!!
I will never forget you saying Hillary was really on our side just a few days after she said she was going to put our miners out of work!
I had the same feeling for at least eight years
Short; C'mon over and work with @SenSchumer. You Neanderthals. #MAGA
you done obstructing?  I saw you at the hearings and it seemed almost like you are part of the problem.
Just like the past 7 years of begging for a little relief and D's said no way. No dems near my healthcare #elections have consequences
Awesome @JoeManchin Please stand behind this.!!! #WVPROUD
switch parties, Joe.  You have nothing in common with the current dem party.  Neither do your constituents.  #Coalminers
You think the GOP is pro-labor?
all I know is that coal miners want to go back to work. That ain't happening with democrats.
Ain't happening with either party. Coal industry is dying out anyway. Guess which ones are more likely to fund benefits for the transition..
Thanks for putting up the good fight  Wish more of our reps were willing to work in a bipartisan effort & stand up for what's right
Talk's cheap!
You are so full of it...lol. I'm a proud West Virginian who is so fed up with politicians like u and Capito. Time for a change!
R U the only sane #Democrat or one of few?
Vote no or out
Thank you Senator. You've always had our best interests first. As Governor & as Senator. As GOP, I will be proud to vote for you in 2018 GE!
funny how you didn't say that when you SHOVED obamacare down the throats of Americans! You must think we R stupid! we R NOT!

Yes your working with Trump really paid off didnt it ?
Keep fighting for us, Senator Manchin
he hasn't fought for anything, he is ineffective and weak
LET ME GET OUT MY TINY VIOLEN SO YOU CAN HAVE BACKGROUND MUSIC YOU POSER
Stirring speech, Senator. "I have the freedom to buy a Rolls-Royce, that doesn't mean I can afford it."
you tell him joe
U lander to welfare only. Not workers.
thank you!
