Get it done Joe! Stop playing partisan politics w this identity politics BS PC nonsense. You rep  WV, pass tax reform or voters will say 
Joe will be replaced by the voters if he sides with @realDonaldTrump ...he can't live with out his soul...not in WV
Is America Great Yet
 you apparently don't know WV very well
Yeah this guy clearly doesn't understand the America majority who WON this election. WV will vote out Manchin if he goes AGAINST trump.
Sorry your wrong...when you agreed to rob the American people of the true president and now still when you think Manchin betray his voters
 A. It's "you're" B. The "true President" is in the White House right now C. You reinforce my point - you clearly don't know WV very well
Legalize DACA but they can never vote nor become citizens. That is what the Left wants more voters legal or not
It's about time Manchin gets his priorities in line and starts working with our president it's either start working with him or get out ....
Since you're a Republican Joe, it's not surprising.
He isn't he is just ineffective for the people
I don't care Dem, Rep, what difference does it make.  McCain is a Rep, , Joe Manchin a Dem.  The only one I trust is Trump!
Then you are part of the problem.
How do you have a productive conversation with a pathological  liar?
Joe, you need to distance yourself from the communists that run the @DNC.
As you can see Dems hate small business owners.
Typical communism.
Get it done! And do right by Americans.
Hopefully you do not betray the american people!
I like Manchin why can't he be the Senate minority leader - he's a lot more sensible and so much less dramamtic!!
You exemplified what a Senator should be. You make this old Republican WVian proud.
Don't trust that fox mixed with snake figure it out
We need to pay more taxes not less. So we can have free health care, paid vacations, paid childcare, good infrastructure
Great! Let's get the President's agenda moving for hard working tax payers. Do something about our healthcare insurance please!!
Will you just come out all ready.  We all know you are a Faux Democrat looking to make yourself richer #traitor
#TAXTIMEUSA ..#zerotaxes30k ....Working people will be inspired & Biz will have improved #CASHFLOW
Fallacy
You seem to be for 1 payer health care and you know it isn't good for the country. Nothing else matters does it?
Don't sell out the 99%.
You are a sorry excuse for a Dem
This is sickening.  He is racist.  He has demeaned my people and you break bread with this man.  The marginalized have no one.  FDT
trump is only interested in tax cuts for the wealthy, please don't betray your constituents Senator!
If you want tax reform, deport the illegals so we're not paying for them. NO DACA, NO AMNESTY
You should change parties, you're trying to appease Trump supporters but you're losing Dem's support, can't be elected without UR party...
You are a republican, in democrats clothing. Maybe you realized they are one in the same. Paula-Jean for WV.
Not a good look for you, Joe. You've sided with Trump more than not. So which is it? For me, it's @paulajean2018
Your sell your soul and your state down the river ...so sad ..time to replace you 
Is America Great Yet
How much are you being brainwashed  you sick little Bumble Bee!
Don't be fooled, they're talking about tax cuts for themselves
No president Trump is definitely trying to help us all and he the only one in years that is  trying to help the Middle class as well as all.
Let me guess, @Sen_JoeManchin is figuring out another way to screw poor West Virginians. This is why we need @paulajean2018!
Sen Manchin, please do what is best for the folks in WV & America. Tell the truth. Stop corruption. Cut taxes! Teach earn,save,plan,invest.
Thank you for doing the right thing!
There's no intent 2 assist regular Americans, West Virginians, or hurricane victims. Money saved is slated 2 go 2 the already wealthy
Bipartisan means the wealthy agreeing to screw over the poor with tax cuts for the wealthy.
Buzz off bumble bee....Trump is HONEST!!!
Through regular order yes! And w/o all of the manipulative machinations of @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr who are still using subterfuge.
@jaketapper @POTUS @realDonaldTrump It may have been a productive dinner but I bet POTUS got two scoops of ice cream.
Retire Joe, ur part of the swamp! !!
GO JOE! 1st Dem I'm PROUD OF! Get the rest of your troop on board!
Traitor
Very proud of our Senator. He is trying to show the country how to unite. Be nice if the rest of the dems follow.
How are u supposed to pay for healthcare AND give ur Republican allies (a "conservative" Dem is NO Dem) a huge tax cut both? You CAN'T
Did you give our SOCIAL SECURITY benefits away to give Trump a 100 million dollar tax cut, Joe? What works for West V. doesn't work for USA
Embarrassing!  Do either of you have a clue?  I am sure stroking each other's back looks good to both of you but the people know!!!
Thanks for playing! 
Tax the rich!
So WHERE exactly will that extra money be coming from? Sounds like Trump just got one Dem closer to his tax cuts for the rich.
Of course you did, hopefully youre primaried out soon for the good of your state
You need to be replaced. Between you and your daughters dirty business dealings and the leadership WV needs ... you're the worst.
big brother is watching your every move..
IF it is just a plan to make the rich richer, NO THANKS - they have ENOUGH money @RWPUSA @DanRather @jaketapper @donlemon
Hey Joe, you might wanna acknowledge that primary challenge thing that's gonna dethrone you 

You're making it easy for @paulajean2018

@paulajean2018 For Senate 2018!!! Time to get this corporate puppet out!
@Sen_JoeManchin is looking at Trump's 60% approval rating. But remember....
Haha ....laughable!  You used the words Productive and Potus together...were you on a golf course or talking about golf?

Do not fall for 45's attempt at being charismatic. You're dealing w/the devil, he only cares about $ for himself & his rich friends. #DINO
GREAT JOB! GREAT MESSAGE! We can't fix the problems without copoeration & bipartisan concern for the forgotten hard working tax payer.
The American people have been ignored for too long on tax reform.
We need tax reform and we need it now. President Trump is fighting for US!
Whose better than Joe Manchin?  Nobody.  I wish Joe would some day run for president. He's got my vote.  fan
You are no conservative democrat! You're a democrat therefore you're a socialist! Own it!
Joe lets get this done, we need sensible  legislators  like yourself. Thanks for the encouraging news .
You aren't trustworthy, you should quit. Trump is one of the most corrupt people on the planet & you stand shoulder to shoulder w/him.
Your going to wait until the Plan comes out, why would you believe him now when all he has does has been telling Lies! Wooing is not action!
After all the #evil #Trump has done you say you're "glad to join" him for dinner? Its clear you drank the #KoolAid #WeAreWatchingYou #Russia
What a turncoat you are! Trusting the word of a known liar is a bit too far, Senator.
Yuck!
you and your buddy. You may trust this man calling himself a president but a majority of Americans do NOT. We know who will get those cuts
Scum on both sides.
#McResistance
Don't worry, Trump will stick it right up your butt when it behooves him. You will have your time in the sun of the sociopath.
Sure you did. Did you agree to get rid of our mortgage and 401k deductions so corps and millionaires can get tax cut?? TRAITOR. #traitor
You do realize most of what he said to you was probably a lie, right? Based on past behavior.
1%
People sound so dumb when they trust him. 
Did you care about the deficit when you voted for Obamacare or the fake stimulus $1T package? No
Progressive taxes...the more you earn, the more you pay.  Nothing less.


2 narcissists in a room.
Good work Joe.  Go @realDonaldTrump ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
Something just don't smell right with the two of you in the same room!!  Here's to looking out for #1 when you are actually a #2!
Nice arm in arm there with a bullying woman assaulting neo Nazi. Not such a great look on you.
Time switch parties Senator!
What GOP want is not "Tax Reform". Please do not support a bill if it lowers taxes on rich/big corps.
Why to you seek to punish wealth and success? It's disgusting. We need lower taxes across the board. Middle class and up
And business taxes must go down. We have the highest corporate tax rate. So we need to lower taxes for businesses big and small
DEALS WITH THE DEVIL HAVE A STEEP COST.
GOP has no tax plan beyond corp cuts which pref shareholders will pocket as dividends and piss-down cuts for the rich. It's biz as usual.
you were quoted in a story by @ABC
Just can't trust these career corrupt politicians, plus they screwed us on obamacare
Did you swallow?
It either benefits working Americans and does not modify tax rates for the wealthiest Americans or you can #STFU
Joe is a republican dressed in democrat clothing.
just leave the democrat party, Joe.  They left you long ago.
I would hope that that can be done but have no faith in trump @Sen_joe manchin. Please do not sell us out because he will
Anyone still acting as if tRump is a President is a traitor & a moron
Very good
Before you agree to cut taxes for rich, remember the costs for recovery for Florida, Texas & islands in Caribbean. Help comes first.
Doubtful. Considering that all the "negotiation" re tax reform, is happening in secret, again, just like health care. Dems not invited.
Republicons work for 1% and the 1% do not want to pay taxes. When right is in power US debt skyrockets & personal incomes do worse.
I believe @Sen_JoeManchin, above any other, has the power and responsibility to bring honor and civility back to D.C.
Our country is at WAR. We're facing unprecedented devastation from H2O & FIRE in populous states.

We don't need #TaxCuts 

#Infrastructure
You're a sell out.
I could never have dinner with him! Just seeing this makes me want to puke.
Frankly, I'm mystified how you were able to write "productive conversation" and "Donald Trump" in the same sentence.
Manchin, you're a fucking sellout...
Please remember you represent the great people from WV, not best interests of WH!!
Lower taxes help West Virginia and the entire country
U are scaring the hell out of me....
This isn't bipartisan Joe, you're a Republican.
Negotiating with the devil
Dinner with Trump must be quite a moveable feast given the size of his suits
Fantastic. I want a one-two page tax form. Simplify!
JOE~WHY DONT YOU JUST DITCH THOSE LAME-ASS librals YOU BEEN HANGIN WITH & BECOME REPUBLICAN~INSTEAD OF TRANSFORMING U.S.~TRANSFORM YOURSELF!
We don't need cuts for wealthy & corp, NO to taking away middle class deductions & taxing 401k,
Why do you oppose less taxes and more freedom across the board? It's shameful. Stop expecting other people's money.
No time for tax reform now we have hurricanes to deal with and daca dropped on congress with ticking clock
Don't trust that charlatan.  His words ain't worth shit.  He'll change to suit his own purpose...
You're accomplishing nothing good in DC. Your constituents deserve better. #ManchinMustGo #DumpTrump
Do you have a photo where you kiss?
You're not a real democrat. #NotOnePenny
A productive talk with Trump? Plain & Simple, RICH show your hearts if you have 1 & give UR Billions of your TAX CUT to Hurricane Relief!!
I don't think anyone should be working with the Russian colluder who's occupying our White House. Work instead on resetting the election.
Did you vote yay or nay on the unconstitutional bill that just passed the senate?
You have to know that these tax reforms are going to harm most West Virginians...you have to already know that.
It gives us some hope. We are all looking at congress.
joe why do you even pretend to be democrat? Do you hear that sound? Its your political career going down the toilet. #MedicareForAll
Most Americans aren't commie radicals like you. We know socialism kills. Communism kills. We need LESS government, not leftist fascism
Then I hope you will stand firm on tax cuts for the middle class and not the top 10 percent!
DO NOT KOWTOW to that cretin!  He lies!  He deceives!  He will tell you what you want to hear and do the opposite!!!!!!!
Senator, I will believe it when I see it. Congress is a HUGE disappointment.
Make sure it's a tax cut for the middle class and working poor and not the fuckin uber-rich
Democrats don't work with Trump. Well, not if you like your job.
How about the part of your quote about not adding to the debt/deficit?
I doubt anyone has had a productive conversation with that man.
No you did not. That's complete horseshit and you know it. Just because you're a Dem doesn't mean we won't oust you too.
Dino
Eliminating deduction for state/local taxes will harm middle class citizens who do not own a home.
Corrupt Joe Manchin meets w/ other sociopaths to rob people! Hey Joe, how many kids died today bc of u & ur criminal daughter's corruption?
Grow a pair .You dont make deals with our taxes. .You people are shameless selfserving fence riding for votes. And Flip at any time
DINO.... why don't you just take the plunge and get it over with...
No way will it be without staggering debt.
GOP= criminal enterprise
Joe, didn't you release there is a problem when he got two scoops and you only got one?
If only that said Healthcare and meant #MedicareForAll because so many Americans want it.

You guys must get tax reform done and start the wall
Remember, he is always kind when face to face but will purposely hurt your cause just for entertainment.
If you want to help "WV prosper" look at retraining programs in alt energy. Don't support more coalminer welfare at expense of environment.
Manchin I don't trust you. You have voted to approve #45's abominable cabinet& support his agenda. You are his pet and an embarrassment
"Abominable"  I don't remember this obstruction by GOP in 2009. And the only abomination here is Tillerson
Work with Trump  on these things to help all citizens. Don't be like the constructive Democrats
DINO
Be careful.  Remember "The Snake" poem when dealing with trump
Manchin is a Republican in Dem clothing. He like Trump is a Noose- swings in the wind and poses a threat to those who get tied up w him.
Ugh
Pardon me for not tweeting something hateful like most in this thread. Nice 2 C members of both parties working together to do good for all.
Drinking the Kool aid. You mutt
He is the only Democrat that I follow and respect. I don't agree with him on 50% but I totally believe he means well 4 his peeps of WV
Statement should have ended with "now I'm off for a stiff drink and a hot shower".
Just change to R. Joe.
Do not sell out your state. People are struggling. Please be on their side. Trump will be ok no matter what happens.
Love the way this dinner was touted as bipartisan. Inviting the three DINOs doesn't make it partisan! And you sir, seem as fake as $3bill!
Thank you for working on the people's behalf.
Ugh. You are SUCH a Republican!
Stop BSing around and get it done!
LOL
False advertising
I hope you are going to help the MIDDLE CLASS!  Don't abandon us!
If taxes are simplified IRS budget can be cut by billions per yr! 12 bill/yr for them to take our $, hell no! Pure theft!
I am a day one supporter of POTUS but I do like you alot Sen.Manchin .You always speak with commensense and glad POTUS picked you.
#MAGA
Stop it Joe!  He's only out for cuts to millionaires
Still calling yourself a Democrat? Really? You voted in favor of more Trump administration nominations than some Republicans!
Not happening Joe. He doesn't want tax reform but tax cuts for 1%
When you make deals w/a man who has betrayed his wives, business partners, contractors, and party, don't be surprised when you get burned.
When you dance with the devil, you don't change him, he changes you. Stick w/Chuck and Bernie.
Need a simple system, lower rates for all. We earn the $ not DC! Cut waste and spending Encourage job growth by slashing rates on job makers

so,there must be a vacancy in liptards ass, because your fitting in nicely
It's a massive tax cut for Trump and the wealthiest Americans at our expense. I expect better from you.

Today would be a good day for @realDonalTrunp to release his tax returns.
Give us a break. I can accomplish more working with Alf.
How many times did he bring up crowd size and hand size during dinner.  I'm betting a lot
No you didn't, stop lying.  Trump isn't mentally capable of maintaining a conversation for more than 5 seconds.  #Trumpsanidiot
I pray for the evil spirit of control be broken in Congress, that unity be freed to heal America.
Business now pays less than ever towards government which is one reason why state government is hurting
Yes!! Tax reform is LONG OVERDUE,especially for the middle class! Hard-working Americans deserve it! Thanks for working with POTUS! #MAGA 
You realize that he shits on everybody who touches him. Get ready for the bus you are about to get hit with.
Like all working class Americans I fear this will end up being a huge tax giveaway to the rich and the corporations.
They do provide the jobs needed...with no jobs tax cuts for middle class, poor and unemployed are meaningless
Only if you live in China.
So I guess that means you sold your vote on healthcare? 
Bipartisan agreement on whats good for West Virginia on Tax reform? We'll see!
So.. now Old Joe is against raising the debt and for "regular order". It must be nice to be on the only side of issues that matter- HIS OWN
How did Trump threaten them? Saddest part is some are as greedy as Trump & don't need to be threatened.
