hope the good people of West Virginia remember this when primaries come up. #shame
time to hold these senators accountable for betraying our government to traitors like Tillerson
This TL is a perfect example of need 4 #SCOTUS tht follows Constitutionemotions
If this doesn't make you mad, you must be ignorant or  lobotomized.
why are you mad?
bc Tillerson was appointed for benefit of big oil, not our country.
when you are left wondering how you weren't reelected, remember this day.
Is there an organized place for us to keep track of these unpatriotuc reps?
You have this on a google doc? It's awesome!
Fantastic. I may make a copy & add Party, phone, email & twitter so I can more quickly act.That ok?
Shout out for Joe's daughter, Heather Bresch, who gave us $600 epi-pens! No integrity
This guy's daughter is the epi-pen criminal?! Really?
Tillerson has Russian connections & represents BIG OIL! You made a big mistake voting for him. Why should "we" vote for you?
I hope he is not the yes man for Russia
@jeradf741 I've never been embarrassed to be from West Virginia. 
Until now.
Tillerson and now Sessions?! You are not a Democrat! You are disgusting!
you sell out our country to Russia and big oil?  You're no patriot, and certainly no democrat.  Go dig in a coal mine
You are apart of a dying breed of pushovers and hot air. You have no place in the Democratic party. #sellout
the Democratic Party is Dead!
This one is. It was more center right anyway. Was better than the extreme right the Republicans are though.
the republicans have a president who's fighting like a democrat. And the democrats don't know what to do.
I wouldn't say that. Trump is fighting like a unhinged chronic lier with very little input in what he does.
unhinged? He's doing everything he said he would do. It's more like, unheard of.
Silencing government agencies, shoving out EOs without a plan of implementation and going back on his word.
P.Trump putsUSA on same ground as Putin a gross moral equality.Bannon shadowing pres.Protect USA.No joke anymore.think alot
.@Sen_JoeManchin Nice going. 2 days after your vote the Russia sanctions are crumbling & Exxon gets to hide foreign payments.
you sold out the country to big oil and Putin with that vote
An outstanding, unifying speech by Mr.Tillerson to State Dept. employees last wk! He'll be terrific! https://youtu.be/eMSQ1EKQoEI 
I plan on supporting your primary opponent.  You are a traitor, and what you did was treason.  Putin says thanks.
Shame on you
you are not a democrat and I feel sorry for your dem constituents. you infiltrated the dem party .. I hope ur toast soon.
I completely agree with the comments below. I will also donate to whoever the Democratic is that will run against you!!!
SO NOT qualified! Let's just turn our country over to Putin at this rate!
#NoJoe2018
Ah! He's a big oil Exxon guy. I bet he greased  your pockets.
@StuckeyFreddy Thank-you for putting your country above your party!
TREASON, TREASON, TREASON.  PRIMARY, PRIMARY, PRIMARY.  Repeat.
you are a traitor to our party. You knew him from your work with Boy Scouts??  Seriously? Can't wait for our next election
First this and then Sessions? You are not looking out for the American people. You should switch political parties.
no. I do not understand how you could support this man...a friend of Putin as Sec of state. Very disappointed. #Resist
sorry .
Tillerson would not be interested except he can overturn sanctions and get Exxon billions, bad vote
Shameful. 1 of a mere few Democrats that allowed him 2B approved. You've betrayed your constituents & our country.
You're done. Pack your bags.
I sure hope you are prepared to protect my thoughts as a gay West Virginian who's has voted for you in every single election
Welp. You won't be getting re-elected.
You are a disappointment to America. We were counting on you.
the only embarrassment to America is the Democrats!
The embarrassment to America is you. This will haunt you for all of your days.
sure u don't wanna join the other side of the isle, you can bump fists with your Boy Scouts buddy too
count me in.  Joe manchin must be removed from office....I will donate to anyone running against him
Keep up the good work. We hope you will continue that with the SCOTUS nominee.
well done sir!
The onlt thing Tillerson cares about is Exxon getting 500 billion dollars of gas .Putin thanks you
what'd we expect from the Dad who gave us Heather Bresch, $600 epi-pens, tax payer scam?
I got family in W Va and they are sick of Manchin big time
Actually, the Exxon-Russian oil deal is worth $1 Trillion with a "T"
Sorry I meant Trillion I hearing 500 Trillion
500!!?
Who cares what your statement is?  You're a traitor and if we're still around in 2018, you're losing your seat.
he may be out in 18, but gets paid for life.
So?
175,000 per year doing nothing. And your answer is, so? Your the poster child on why your party lost.
What would you suggest? Keep them in office to reward them for doing what we don't want? You don't even make any sense.
it's not we, it's you! Get your facts straight. There's a big difference between democrats and left wing liberals.
I also know an asshole twitter troll when I see one.
I can't wait to cast my vote for anyone other than you.  Please switch parties; we all know you're a DINO.
this is very disappointing. How much did your vote cost?
PLEASE just declare yourself an a-kissing repubuthug.
stand up straighter while pandering.
shame on you!  You will not win reelection. We have it on record how you voted and it will bite you in the butt! Loser!
I am so disappointed in your vote to support this nominee especially after standing up against Betsy Devos.
shame on you.  He will lift the Russian sanctions so that Exxon can drill in Russia.
Ur vote to approve confirmation of tillerson=confirmation of the billionaire/facsist takeover of the US Govt #resist
Thank yon Sen Joe you make me proud to be from WV,  we need more like you who are independent minded
I'm
You should be ashamed of yourself.

@IndivisibleJava is not about who you know. It's about what the people want and we didn't want TILLERSON.
I am not a West Virginia resident, but I am very disappointed that you, as a Democrat Senator, would vote for Tillerson.
I hope you are voted out of office.
Alt. perspective is important for any working organization, however that does not justify an appointment to Sec of State.
Child ugot conned The AtlanticCity serial city killer, adopted Father of our country willbe sued by States in paternity suit
I think it's refreshing to see that joe got the message. WV went for Trump. The non wv mouths are the ones complaining.
weak
Rex Tillerson/Exxon Mobil/sanctions on Russia=potential conflict of interest.  Who will he put first? USA or his business?
Atta Boy,Joe!
You betrayed your country & your party. How much Exxon stock do you have, DINO? VOTE MANCHIN OUT IN 2018! 2/2
When you're packing your office in 2018, remember this vote. I'm eager to donate to your primary challenger. 1/2
What a pathetic statement and horrible vote. Have you not closely examined Exxon's track record around the world?
I was extremely disappointed and discouraged to receive your replies regarding your support of Tillerson and Sessions.
must be ousted.   He is a man that lacks conviction.   #allbarknobite
thank you @Sen_JoeManchin
bad political move for you. We are ALL watching
No yes votes until 45 divests from his businesses, releases his taxes, and shows an understanding of the Constitution.
Manchin you will be held accountable by the patriots of America for your support of Rex Tillerson and Vladimir Putin
Wow you've gotta face God someday. How do you explain aiding trashing the planet He gave us?
Thank you
let's get more Dems to get onboard to approve  The Judge
He will keep going along W Trump and the Rep,as long as you keep voting for him my fellow Dems.time to stop.he N to be gone
Message to W.VA DEMS.stop voting for this man everytime he runs.he is not a DEM.he is a right wing Rep,and Trump Lap Dog
traitor
That is truly refreshing!  We voted for Trump to embrace those unique out of the box concepts to make s difference!  Ty!
six letters are enough. Coward!
NOooo, You shouldn't do that if you truly work for the people.
#vichydemocrat
you won't last. Be sure of it. You republican imposter.
Sec.Tillerson is a great choice. You made the right decision. The ppl of WV overwhelmingly support President Trump
Incredible you support the Russian takeover of our country. Not sure Tillerson more loyal to US v. Exxon
You made the right decision voting for Rex Tillerson. He is a very accomplished global leader & will make a great SOS
you're a jerk. Resign from the democratic Party. YOU are a traitor
You're a certified #DINO go ahead and cross over #SonOfKoch You sir are no Jay Rockefeller or Robert Byrd. At least tried
are you kidding me?  Fight, let them go nuclear.
you better have game plan #ImpeachTrump
I will be sending $$ to primary you. We need patriotic dems to stand with us, NOT support Putin/Trump/Tillerson oil coup!!
Hopefully you won't get re-elected
2018 the #RESISTANCE will VOTE you OUT!!!!! It's over! Admit who you really stand for Joe!
It's time for you to go buddy! You a republican NOT a democrat. Fake, Phony!
I really respect how you have acted during this turmoil, you've been fair and classy. Thank you..
No own cares. Your justification is to help you sleep at night.
you're gonna lose the next election because you confirmed an oil tycoon you met at Boy Scouts
You will be voted put next year. You are not representing us. Just big pharma, oil and billionaires.
Your A SELLOUT To America! You will be voted out!
ur career is OVER in DC. #WeWillVoteYouOut #notmysenator #notmyrep
Thank you, Joe.  I'm a WV resident a Republican and a supporter of you as well.  We're very proud of your courage.
U truly believe Tillerson, CEO Exxonmobile—that considers itself a "sovereign entity"—will protect US interests?!!!
So... @Sen_JoeManchin how many Rubles is Rexxon paying you?
Dang WV, that's some pretty far right wing rep you have there. Thanks for putting Putin's choice in for SoS.
this is horseshit. #DINO
I'm outraged that you voted to confirm Tillerson. He is obviously biased. I hope your constitutents vote you out of office.
Thank you for stepping up and not playing politics here
-dangerous alliance with Russia.Exxon destroys environments, greed at all costs.U http://know.Gives  us good look at you
Sorry, Joe - you may get re-elected, but you lost the respect of generations of students of history
don't worry we won't forget you come next election 
look into their backgrounds esp Bannon. They are frightening. Do what's right
If you think Rex will help WV&US you're delusional. He represents Exxon, 1st. Boy Scout Service is irrelevant, weak reason.
fake democrat ......we will come after your seat witha real Democrat if u don't fall in line!
Thanks for nothing Joe. It will be a NY minute before he lifts the sanctions on Russia and they drill for oil together! Boo!
worst pick ever. Thanks for giving us the divided states of Exxon. When exactly did you sell out?
@NYinAR @realDonaldTrump @DanScavino #MAGA
swamp filling.
disgusting
#DINO ! Putting Putin ahead of hard working Americans. Voters will remember this in 2018.
Hey! It's me again. You know Rex through the Boy Scouts? Or Maybe also because you're in bed with the fossil fuel industry?
You disgust me. You had your chance and you blew it. Ejected not re-elected is your future. How do you sleep at night?
How many points you getting when the oil starts to drill in Russia.  Shameful.
Very nice Senator.  I am a proud West Virginian who voted for Trump & U! Continue to do the right thing for our country.
coward
Big mistake. Yuge!
What kind of a Democrat are you?!  Really sick of Republicans mascarading as Democrats.
Yeah, right.  You have no concern, but for what is in it for you.
Congratulations to Exxon Mobil in conjunction with Russia on obtaining the post of Secretary of State in the United States!
we are going to talk again when your time is up for re-election...
I hope you like Russian.
is a DINO! No WV republican nor GOP will help U if primaried #2018Midterms !
@dvdsly You're about the only sane DEM left. Boycotting Committee votes? Too far. Way to far.
Keep up the great job for your people in WV and AMERICA! KEEP US PROUD ! Thank you for doing the rigt thing for our country!
republicans shut down country block jobs bill disrespect garland obstruct etc etc and dems 2 wrongs don't make right . why!!
@OneMinnesotaMom FANTASTIC statement, sir.
like to say I'm shocked and disappointed but I knew you'd let us down! No re-election !
you are such a disappointment.  More a Republican than Democrat.  Why don't you man up and switch parties. Brotoomey 
You do not have any balls to be a Senator..Tillerson is nothing more than a Bannon/Putin/Exxon Puppet..wait Russian Oil Here
OMG!! He bought you. Shame on you. You are not working for the Democrats but against them and most of America. SHAME BADMAN
please run under the REPUBLUCAN ticket in 2018 because you are NOT a Democrat
@debz526 Thanks Joe and by the way switch parties already?Come over to the winning side and join us ? Your welcome over here
He's  not buying into Ds faux outrage. I see it's only to rile up their base for elections. I think ppl c thru it.
DISGRACEFUL ! RESIGN NOW
I can't wait to vote against you. How much is your soul worth.
Nothing can justify this vote. It's shameful!
Thank you for not buying into Ds faux outrage that I see is only to rile up their base for elections. I think ppl c thru it.
your reasons are "Boy Scouts"? pathetic. Hope you liked your career while it lasted. Hope this ass kissing was worth it.
You really should read your responses to this. #resist #resistance #primariedout
Forget the Boy Scouts how about America? https://youtu.be/FEWzz3w_E-M  #VoteHimOut
You are so gone now!
nice work, pal. A yes for Tillerson?! Good luck with your re-election next year.
I appreciate your transparency https://theintercept.com/2017/02/01/four-democratic-defectors-join-gop-to-confirm-exxon-ceo-as-secretary-of-state/ …
Thanks for being a reasonable, honorable man putting country before party.
you knew him from Boy Scouts??!! I'm donating to any dem running against you & I'm not from your state
coward
one more to add to the basket of deplorables. #shameonyou
.@Sen_JoeManchin No. You can give no justification for this. Tillerson ensures a Russian death grip on our government. DO YOUR JOB!
Will the Trans-gender Scouts of America have a Merit Badge for cross-dressing  ?  Thanks for the courageous vote !
no reason to vote for him T all. spin your bullshit elsewhere. what is your cut?
What an embarrassment. You should be ashamed of yourself. US Govt is now officially more in bed with Russia than ever before
Your vote for Tillerson was misguided and plain wrong. You're an embarrassment to yourself, your party and your state.
Spineless, a betrayal of the American people. Shame.
his constituents mostly support this. Give money to beat sen manchin in primary you'll get a republican from wva
you should be ashamed of yourself. Rex will destroy the US foreign policies to line his & Trumps pockets.
you should be the face of the Democratic Party but they want to burn the bridge to moderates
I will work tirelessly to raise funds to primary any Dems who play along with this administration. Obama deserves better.
You are a Republican purporting to be a Democrat.  Joining the GOP in confirming Tillerson is unforgivable.
. @Sen_JoeManchin you betrayed your country & constituents #TheResistance will make sure you are replaced during the next election cycle.
shame on you. The only people who benefit from this are Trump, Putin, Tillerson, and Exxon.
noted noted and noted... how long until primaries again?

@suejohnston56 you sell out. Shameful. Who paid you; Exxon or Russia?
With so many big industry donors...
You have betrayed the American people. We won't forget.
@MyCrashIs Kudos senator! Now time 2 join #Republicans... read replies from clueless #Progressive #libtards 4 inspiration.
@CoryBooker  Sen Manchin, wish we had an standup senator  like you in NJ. We got Booker.
