support any trump nominee, and you're guaranteed to lose my vote
he voted in Tillerson today
what what
.@Sen_JoeManchin @MarieMa49685063 I have been watching nominee hearings, and I'm appalled at the vile behavior of some Dems! Unacceptable.
NO GORSUCH!!!
If only you'd have shown that kind of insight for Merrick Garland.
Nobody expected w/ 6 months left on Obama term to replace Justice Scalia, conservative seat to a liberal Garland.
6 months?  Alternative fact, liar. He died last February.
Ok the election yr. Dems were ok w/ picking SCOTUS by new Pres. Dems didn't expect Trump 2 win.
Nope. Alternate Facts Free Zone has been declared. U could at least try harder. Bye!
Joe. Joe joe joe. I know your'e worried about red state reelection. Look at the sea of grassroots dems. We'll flood you out.
An ocean of women will roll over you in primary. Think harder on this. Mcconnel was going to hold 4 YEARS.
and I will urge all across country to send money to dem opponent.
Ok egg : ).
Appreciate your common sense and commitment!
We urge YOU sir, to stand up to Trump like you insisted you would "stand up" to Hillary--NO to Gorsuch!
Senator Joe, You are too reasonable to be a Democrat. You seem to care about the country first. Love your attitude.
would be great but the Dems are threading him for his partisan votes...
Senator, tell your colleagues to put politics aside and confirm Gorsuch. They are creating a constitutional crisis.
what did gorsuch have to say about M. Garland's congressional hearing for nomination?
#StolenSeat
Yes I as a Christian and pro-life advocate agree, the ABA and former classmates seem to all agree--no nos of any merit, done
The objection is NOT partisan - it is philosophical - can you understand that ??
a cool moderate....
GO JOE!!
KEEP ON BEING A GOOD-GUY!
I LOVE YA FOR IT
I'M AN 86.5 YR OLD CONSERVATIVE NRA MEMBER.
@achazz00
no times have changed and the republicans changed it. Find your voice no time to be spineless. Block Gorsuch now
No hearing for Gorsuch until Garland gets his. Time to get tough #DINO we'll remember this in 2018.
You WILL be voted OUT. There are better Dems in your state to replace you.
you're a fake Democrat. You probably voted 4 Trump. WV should replace vote you out. We don't want Gorsuch. We want Garland!
Where is your picture with Merrick Garland?
what about Garland?  Hypocrite.
Remember what GOP did to Garland. Don't reward their obscene obstruction by giving them a stolen seat. VOTE NO
.@Sen_JoeManchin @adagioforstring Don't even play their game. Use the "Nuclear Option" & Move On To Your Other Business! #MAGA
does Merrick Garland ring a bell?
to bad your wrong. I miss Rockefeller and Bryd and being truly represented in Washington.
Unacceptabe.  Did the vetting process proceed for Merrick Garland?  #StolenSeat
#SCOTUS #gorsuch No way, no how. Such hypocrites!!

http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/03/16/the_republicans_who_voted_for_merrick_garland_in_1997_are_against_him_now.html …
Of course the Dems are supposed to put partisan politics aside.  8 yrs of obstruction and you're gonna play nice?
Jesus dude...you're so fucking lost... Prepare for the toughest primary of your life. #indivisible #resist
I am glad to see at least a few Democrats realize the importance of unity & bipartisanship in order to bring USA back
You would say that, you Republican in a Democrat's clothing!!
Why do you even pretend to be a Democrat?
Who cares about stupid title Dem or Repub. Let's have common sense for solutions.
I haven't seen any common sense coming out of Washington for the last 11 days. You?
The countries where the terrorists originate R banned. That's common sense. Several terrorists attacks in Europe were refugees.
Please someone primary  him.
WHAT do you stand for?
This is the time to unite. How's your daughter doing? You two have a lot in common: All for self.
You mean like GOPs did not do for #SCOTUSnominee Merrick Garland? Here goes Roe v. Wade.
@msnider97 yes
Thank you!
NO SURPRISE THERE.  WHY ARE YOU A DEMOCRAT?
losing voters left and right!!
can't wait till your name is on the ballot again!!  People will remember how you are voting!!
Did You like the Women Hating Homophobic Racist joe? @gop @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @6abc @realDonaldTrump @PressSec
If the Democrats don't get back to being reasonable like you, I will never vote Dem again.
I have two words for you, Senator. Merrick Garland. I have another two as well, but I'm running out of characters...
@RepMichelle #JoeManchin, you're not #Democrat, I NEVER trusted you. @amjoyshow @UniteWomenOrg @maddow @MoveOn RT
you claim to be a dem but you views seem more trumpian...
@LindaEpai457450 Good luck with that Joe..Democrats have jumped off the cliff of chaos and are being cheered on by base.
Why are you pretending to be a Democrat Sir? I pray WV remembers YOUR NAME Election time! Faking to make it! #Nasty Man
lol you ain't gonna be holding your job for too long now.
#resist means to stand for what's right. Republicans wouldn't even allow Obama's pick to be vetted.
@Alaskans4Trump
@Alaskans4Trump Thank you for being the adult in the room Senator Manchin!
I know - but I want to scare him. He's so damn smug!
no! stonewall til 2020, break the rules, it's what the GOP does. y'all read robert's rules while they come at you w a knife
Vetting N. Gorsuch should be thorough. This is still a stolen seat.
can't wait for you to lose your seats
why dont you turn into a republican
His daughter is CEO of the company that raised the price of epipen. He needs Sessions 4 the favor. She has a law suit. #fu
not until you  allow Obamas nominee first. #notsorry
.@Sen_JoeManchin I used to think the worst thing about West Virginia was the incest then I learned you are a Senator.
sad you ignore your constituents and all voters. We won't forget.
Right after Merrick Garland gets a vote
whose mans is this? #PrimaryManchin
I think Gorsuch should get the same consideration as Garland. Fair's fair.
just like the repubs did #?  You are a sellout
Thank you for your willingness to look. past political party & do the job you were elected to do. #everyoneneedstogrowup
sure Joe, just like GOP did when they decided to allow the vetting process on Garland.
Traitor! You'll be the next one saying goodbye to the Senate. We won't forget!
Are you sure you have enough racists, drug addicts, and uneducated in WV for this?
Not until Merrick Garland gets a fair hearing #disgraceful he waited >300 days - grow a spine
Says the guy who endorses official discrimination against black people by the Department of Justice. Shut up, traitor.
. @Sen_JoeManchin  is such a sell out. You work for US. we pay YOU. How dare you break ranks. esp on Sessions. Traitor.
Born in beautiful WV,  I appreciate your nonpartisan views.  Lots of room on Republican side for you. WV going more Rep.
Wrong choice filibuster don't back down on this one 4 decades of presidents he'd be alive
a voice of reason. Someone with a long-term view of America's greatness. Bravo
@NoMorePolitical  allow the immigrant extreme vetting too!
Nope. And you know why? Two words: Merrick Garland
Say goodbye to your re-election! Will never forget!
he's voting for all Trumps noms. I'm starting to think he's just a GOP plant.
he voted for Sessions also.
is a traitor
YOU DAMN TRAITOR!!
Thank you. You are a true leader for the Senate. #
What progressive principals do you have? You're voting against the interest of the entire Democratic party. Please resign.
Your voting record with Tillerson and NOW your plan is to vote to confirm this Supreme Court nominee will be remembered.
You are the shame of the Democratic Party.
once again you are a sellout. We will work very hard to see that you are defeated in 2018.
You voted for republicans and u lose my family's votes You trader.
If you were against partisan politics you'd have vetted Judge Merrick Garland last year.
AMEN!
absolutely not. Not with the immigration ban out there. The dream of America is a haven for all. Keep it alive!
your a good man Joe from a New Yorker who graduated from Salem international University.
Senator you sound like a good independent to me. America first.
you're a man of integrity, thank you! Unlike your colleagues r they in high school? this is getting ridiculous! Thanks again
Perhaps you better read up on his insane views Senator? And Vote NO
NO! Leave the Court AS IS!
expected more from you.  @SenateDems expect more from you. Treat Gorsuch same way GOP treated Judge Garland. @SenSchumer
Joe proud you're taking your job seriously. Means a lot to all of us.  Hopefully your party does the same!
Shame on you! We need leaders who will fight not roll over and beg. bad people who hate democracy. #notmypresident standup!
Be a man Joe Manchin. WV is not going to vote you in in 2018 so why go against your Party for DT who u know is mental.
@marjoriesba. Why don't u switch too GOP u don't believe in Democratic platform.
No DINOs. No appeasers. No Manchin. Vote Manchin out in 2018!
I urge YOU to put partisan politics aside: vote against him. Signed, non-partisan who voted for you, still pays attention.
you mean like with the last nominee?  #stolenseat
2/ @chuckschumer 's statement: "he must be main stream" is foolishness, not judicial philosophy. Has NOTHING to do with it.
1/ This is about a SCOTUS J who'll stay on the Constitutional rails & leave America free to decide all else, NOTHING more...
Primary challenge is coming, I don't even live in WV but will donate to your challenger...it's a matter of principle.
But when will Garland's vetting process begin?
TRAITOR.
.@Sen_JoeManchin Country first, regardless of party. You are a traitor.
.@Sen_JoeManchin NO. Stop this bullshit. You've LOST EVERYTHING THERE WAS TO LOSE already. LET THEM GO NUCLEAR BEFORE THE MIDTERMS.
Thank You for ACTUALLY representing your state!  Time to switch party though to @GOP, cause now you are on the #DNC "List"
I am glad you are giving him a chance. Unlike your colleagues. You are my type of Democrat. God bless Senator
it cant proceed when @SenateDems come out no prior2 nominee being named. agree nuclear option a foul deal. up or down vote!
THANK YOU
way to go Joe
.@Sen_JoeManchin Thank you! You are courageous and sensible!!!
Sad to say there's just a few of you left on the left
please do what is right and seat Garland first . Show you can stand up for what is right and resist the bullies and nepotism
NO. He is illegitimate, regardless of his views. Block him.
#Good choice
You won't be reelected if you are partially to blame for back alley abortions
Says the guy that sided with Obama against the wishes of his state on 2A for political gain.  @athomm77 #wv2a #2018baby
I wasn't speaking of his intelligence...
this is how government is supposed to work
Joe it is nice to see a Dem that's not completely of there rocker. Vet him and make a honest judgement. Sounds reasonable
do not worry about those saying they won't vote for u. West Va. Will elect u again cause they r BIG on TRUMP
@LindaSuhler thank you senator. But you need to become a republican and support Trump all the way. You will be re elected!
Very, very proud of your service to the nation, Senator Manchin. ...God Bless!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TRUMP
this enabling of Trump's dangerous agenda will cost you your seat. Rightfully so.
We'll follow the example you set last year with the Garland nomination as far as partisan politics is concerned.
@LindaSuhler Joe.. you are an honest man.
Thank you, Sir! I think you are the only Democrat with a brain and common sense!
Thank you for putting Americans before politics.
@carolinagirl63 You sir are a man of integrity.
@LindaSuhler thank you Senator!
@LindaSuhler #SCOTUSnominee #SupportGorsuch #SaveAmerica
@LindaSuhler This might be the only Dem Senator I respect.  He's doing his job which is why he was elected..by the ppl
.@Sen_JoeManchin, can you get @SenCapito to follow your bipartisan example and VOTE NO on Betsy DeVos #EducationSecretary and #DumpDevos ?
how is a Democrat Senator voting lock step with his liberal party leadership bipartisan?
NO THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
really Senator? Your "urge(ing) to put politics aside" was a little lackluster regarding the Garland nomination.
enjoy your last term in the senate
Why do Dem. always bend over and take it?  Merrick Garland should be the one voted on and you know it.
Just like Republicans vetted Merrick Garland?
Why do you continue to call yourself a Democrat?
Soooooo you're part of the misogynistic, elitist, white-racist group then? Correct?
you are a snake.
You can tell he is up for reelection....
can't wait til your next race. I'll give my last dime to anyone that runs against you now.
By voting in Tillerson and Sessions

Are you Democrats listening to this vote 2018 get this traitor out
what a terrible traitor. Democrats should shun you
@Orangeblood2012 too late Joe you're done for next year
Thank you sir! You r one of the only dems left that is good, decent, dz not lie or demonize people. Hats off to u
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html?ito=social-twitter_dailymailus …
you are a disgrace to all who care about the rights of women, LBGTQI, healthcare, the environment. Pathetic.
Where's the photo & tweet urging Republicans to do the same for Merrick Garland?
Gorsuch started a Fascist club. Is against LGBT rights. Is not a friend to democracy. You are there to fill YOUR pockets.
What "Fascist club" did he start?
@BillHemmer @FoxNews WV http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-fcalled-Fascism-Forever.html?ito=social-twitter_dailymailus ….
Interesting. Almost as alarming as Obama hanging out w/ terrorist Bill Ayers. Thx.
I see you're a Breitbart fan. Vomit!
1) I am? 2) So? 3) How is that an argument 4 your position? 4) You got suckered.
NO! GOP didn't even meet with Garland, rightful SCOTUS nominee, said would block HRC for 4yrs. Dems can't play by diff rules
Voted for every Trump cabinet pick.
Democrat ? More like Trumps safety blanket.
After what the GOP did on Merrick Garland for a year and their threats to block any HRC nominees -now you want to play nice?
a welcomed voice of reason
it was nice to see u will keep an open mind on a great man w/ great values! Thank u
Sir you and I don't always agree on issues but you have my utmost respect in how you serve WV and our country.
I'm not a Dem & not from WV but I thank you, Sir for being a Stand-up Sen. Just saw interview on Fox News. God Bless.
wow if u can get the other dems to come to the table act w/sensibilities instead of childish, harmful behavior 
senator Manchin is a good man he was born just a few miles.from me in west virginia
thank you senator  Manchin!
.@sen_joemanchin you’ve got to be kidding about #SCOTUS nominee; what about the near year obstruction by your colleagues across the isle?
sell out
pandering
