Just now on Fox News ANTIFA attack older woman holding American flag
Sir, the cause is Trump, Gorka and Bannon. When will you, respected by Repubs and Dems, do something to bring back American Democracy.
certainly NOT by joining his cabinet
Kkk, neo Nazis and every other hate groups. It's completely unamerican for senators to ignore and provide cover to a vile leftwing hate org.
Don't join this administration, sir. History will not be kind to your legacy.
I need you to respond strongly! Too many of your constituents live in greater fear NOW!
It's time to put up or shut up, Joe. If you condemn this violence, you HAVE to take a stand against the administration that encourages it.
This is why you must lead the fight to have Robert C Byrd's statue and name taken off the roads and buildings in this great state. No KKK
Is this the best u can do? Condemn Nazis, the KKK and Trump for blaming "many sides!" Only 1 side is rt on this issue. WV deserves better!
If this disheartens you, by God do not join #45, who has inspired it.Be true to your people & fight to help them keep ACA 45 will betray you
This is it. We will all be judged by history for our actions now. Pick a camp. Do it soon.
Scenes like that happened when Byrd was in the KKK.  Get rid of his statues, buildings, streets.  Don't be a hypocrite.
I hope, sincerely, you do not consider taking a job he offers you. He leaves reputation corpses in his wake.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
you could b a pres candidate vs a trumper & supporter of a racist DONT get bought off by an ego maniac
Soon the history haters will be coming for Robert KKK Byrd Statue, tear it down or move it..remove his name from buildings/etc..your party
I agree.  I suggest that you start a drive to remove all references in your state to Robt. Byrd who was a leader in the KKK.
Lest we forget, these are the kind of "antifa" who once took to the streets to fight Nazis. Antifa is a label my father would have embraced.
And in WV, miners backed them up 100%. Never forget their sacrifice, either, sir.
HOW ABOUT MANCHIN FOR PRESIDENT!!!!!
DEMS DEMAND WE UNITE GIGANTIC SUPPORT FIGHT  FOR DEMOCRACY 
IFFFF HED CONSIDER.RUNNING??
Well sir, it's been days later and you have nothing else to say??? Really? Don't be a coward Joe. My friends and family in WV are watching
This was Caused by the Governor of Virginia period no one else he had cops back off to embarrass Trump
Why can't u disavow antifa? Surely you've seen 1 of the dozens of videos showing antifa taking the first swing. All conservative disavow the
Get ready for JoeManchin to sell you out West Virginia when he accepts an appointment from trump. Then the GOP wins the ACA repeal
You are right! There is no place for hatred like that, even from the president. What are you doing to #ImpeachTrump ???
then stay in senate and don’t abdicate your powerful voice to work with TRUMPZILLA
These are the faces of those who oppose Nazism:
What will your legacy be if you join this dysfunctional Administration? Can we hear you say "no thanks" to @POTUS ?Please don't go low, Joe.
Disheartening are you kidding me! Lame! This is what you and your ilk will be remembered for, being disheartened by the KKK!
Senator, when will U call for the removal of Senator Ku Klux Klan Byrd's name from all WV buildings & highways?
What about Trump's stance on Charlottesville? Speak out
Please do not take job in Whitehouse. Need u in senate
Words are empty without action. Reinstate the Voters Rights Amendment. Pass a law against of gerrymandering. Actions are louder than words
Keep as much distance as possible between yourself and Trump.
Not strong enough.  Take a real stand.
Pretty weak. About time for a stronger stance. Buz leaders abandoning trump. Now this.
Don't believe you would betray values of Dem Party and end coverage of so many West Virginians by leaving the Senate. You are too decent
Don't leave the senate! You will do more good there!

The hospital there has provided hope for so many, hate can not take that away
"disenheartned" is pretty lame. Not joining the Nazi sympathizer @potus would be a stronger statement.
I'm disheartened by the scenes at UVA. There is no place for hatred like this in our country. #Charlottesville
Then you will NOT join the White House & the hatred currently inside. I pray U R of good character & hold true American values!
Joe, who had the permit? And where was the police??? No Law and Order you have violence. Somebody wanted this violence Who?Set Up
Then you should demand the removal of Nazis from the White Supremacist House - Bannon, Gorka and S. Miller!
Your governor has just switched to the White Supremacist Party. Pretending that coal is the way to go will not help your constituents.
Pls speak out about it more. Denounce the white nationalists and the KKK, since Trump won't.  What is his problem???
I am disheartened that there is a chance that you are being bought by Trump so he can have his numbers please think about this
It will be a real sad day if you join the @realDonaldTrump you will be condoning their agenda.
Do no align yourself with this President and do not take the job at DOE!!
Senator, please do not join this cabinet. You will do so much damage to this country and you be supporting a bigot and a hater.
I hope you are not the change that @realDonaldTrump  is talking about.I pray you haven't sold your sole to the devil.Did t work 4 all others
Please stay with the Senate
It all started under Obama when he started treating crime different for one race over another and over law enforcement
but you voted to confirm white supremacist Jeff Sessions, so apparently you think there is a place for hatred on Trump's staff. try again
Taking trump's offer is the biggest betrayal
30 years of regressive Republican policies led to yesterday. YOU are all that stands between us & their agenda of hate-STAY IN THE SENATE!!!
Please don't betray your State and America as a whole in this shameful attempt from an illegitimate @POTUS to repeal #ACA... #WestVirginia
Are I a traitor like Trump is for Putin or for U have a pair and will stand up for The USA. We need strong Leadership not skinless turncoats
Still thinking of joining the Trump administration?
Is it true that trump is offeringvU a spot on his admin/Cabinet for your vote to repel Obama are and U are going to sell out and jump ship?
You are suppose to be a Democrat Senator,  yet every Republican backed issue U vote yes for them.  Are U on the take, and turning Republican
Not All of them
Have U heard about Trump offering him a cabinet spot for his vote?  Trump expects loyalty.
I've Heard that Obama had a Republican in his cabinet
True,  but not for obvious reasons,  Trump wants to repel the ACA at any cost.  Sen Manchin has a history of voting for GOP interest.
Stay in the Senate & do work for constituency
Please Senator Manchin, You're a man of honor. Don't let Donald pull this Energy stunt to add a GOP in the Senate to take healthcare away.
Senator Manchin her name was #HeatherHeyer please do not take position of energy secretary from trump to empower him further, for Heather.
Tell it sister!!
thank you for your statement. Please stay in the senate. We need you sir. This administration is a mess. This will not serve you well.
This is domestic terrorism  Please understand we cannot support terrorism but need to speak up to make America safe for all
Please don't tarnish your good name by allowing yourself to be used by Trump. He ruins all he touches. You're better than this. #JustSatNo
We don't forget you supported racist Sessions who will do nothing about what went on at UVA
Thank you for making me proud to be from West Virginia.
Please actually condemn white supremacy.
Please do not take a position in Trump's administration.  We need you in the Senate.  America needs you more than ever. This is your moment.
Promoted & not condemned by this pres* & admin so DO NOT join them
Commit to your state & this country that you will retain your Senate seat
Please be more specific. Condemn the white supremacists.
It is horrible, Don't be complacent and an enabler of the evil which these bigots support -- and which brought evil to power.
Be more specific. White supremacists. Alt right. Terrorist attack.
You'd think as one our neighbors, you'd name the hate that hit UVA's doorstep. Good job. You and Capito must not want a #POTUS tweet storm
We will see on Monday if you toss ACA under the bus for your own personal gain.
Then you will condemn the WH failure to address this a la @senCoreyGardner @ChuckGrassley @SenatorTimScott @senorrinhatch, right?
CONDEM WHITE SUPREMACY & THE KKK tRump is using you to fill your seat with a repub. he will put u in and then throw u out
Speaking of HATE hope you aren't going to help @realdonaldtrump harm millions of Americans by changing jobs so he can kill ACA #healthCARE
#heiltrump = NAZI! Pathetic comment REALITY many innocent peaceful people were attacked including members of the clergy by #altright thugs
Senator do not let tRump lead you into the swamp. You will go down with the ship. Stand and say NO please.
Joe, you know dang well you should stick with WV and stand against trump. COMMON SENSE, Remember? Don't turn your back on your state!
And please don't let him tempt you with cabinet position so you're replaced with a GOP who will kill healthcare
*NEWS FLASH* Cowardly @Sen_JoeManchin refuses to condemn white supremacist, neo-nazi, terrorists!!! What you don't condemn, you endorse!!!
Go one step more; name where those acts of violence are coming from. Stand against the @POTUS and anyone else creating false equivalence.
I grew up in Bluefield, WV and I must disagree
Except, there obviously IS a place.  Charlottesville is where they chose to gather, but they didn't just appear
It's on both sides. More so on the left this year.
This is not specific enough, Senator Manchin. Please publicly denounce white supremacists/nazis/KKK.
Senator Manchin, please don't take the energy secretary job. The GOP will slash healthcare and many people in your state will suffer and die
Call it what it is and denounce it, Senator. Domestic terrorism. White supremacy.
Please tell me your not taking this job and screwing over your own party.  Consider it suicide you will never get voted for again
Is this the administration you want to work for. Cannot condemn Nazis and white supremacists, but then neither can you. Do what you need to.
if you do take the job remember when he starts hacking you on Twitter your days are numbered I bet you will not last until elections
I'll be "disheartened" if you are offered and accept a position in tRumps administration! Don't let the people if WV down like our Gov. did!
I hope u do the right thing & avoid the Trump train-don't get into the pig pen now--Mueller is still investigating-keep your reputation/soul
are u the one who is going to destroy our health care if so why did you not have balls to vote yes
So what are going to do about it?
Do not join an administration who tolerates the alt-right & stoked hate to win. Protect your state & your legacy. https://media.giphy.com/media/3oriO3xoFSNW912GXK/giphy.gif …
Yes and if you move forward with joining the administration that stoked this fire, it will speak volumes about who you are.
Can't say white supremacist, can you? Afraid of your republican base?
Really?  A terrorist drove a car into a group exercising their First Amendment rights and all you can come up with is "disheartened?"
Senator Manchin, DO THE RIGHT THING-TURN DOWN TRUMP APPT YOU FOR SECT ENERGY DEPT. Don't support trump! A CROSSROAD IN YOUR LIFE. Please sir
What's wrong is he might become one of Trumps puppets. Secretary of energy, so so trump can crush health care get rich tax break.
If you take the Energy Secretary position, you will be responsible, when Republicans strip West Virginians of their healthcare.
You can do better than that. It's in your backyard. Denounce by name the White Supremacists and Nazis who spew hate and violence.
Your new pal is the cause of the "scenes". You should be disgusted, not disheartened.
Tell me you're not going to give Trump another Republican senator in Congress by taking the energy post. You owe you dem supporters loyalty
No decent person joins the Trump administration. Please do not help him ruin millions of peoples' lives.
Oh yeah.....there is a place for it. You see JOE, we are sick and tired of watching paid protesters tear down our Heritage. #Sissonville
Please don't besmirch your name by associating with @potus. Don't lose your honor.  Not worth it.
There is also no place for nepotism, like your fake MBA daughter running Mylan Labs to hike drug prices on the neediest people.
Disheartened enough to NOT join the admin of a President who is too afraid to offend his base and call this White Supremacy Terrorism?
Please do not condemn your legacy by joining this deplorable administration.
That's great Senator, but do you or do you not support the wall and immigration reform? Pls. give us a straight answer.
DO NOT go to work for that asshole!!!
It's time to get out of the beltway bubble and realize what indecision and pomposity has created.  Own it.
pls don't join the cabinet. It will end your career. Remember u can write your own legacy  This presidency will end in tears
Then maybe YOU guys.... #Democrats.... should stop with the identity politics
Also, history will judge this presidency harshly. Don't have your grandchildren and great grandchildren be sad you sold out. Be heroic 4 all
Our dear leader has made a place for these nazi wannabes to feel emboldened
We need to hear this as much as possible out of you, Senator.  I had a co-worker who grew up in West Virginia and he told me that ...
the Klan remains far too active there.  Racism and bigotry can not be tolerated in this country.
Do not join the cabinet of  @POTUS. To do so succumbs to the Machiavellian machinations of a sick man. Do not abandon WV or USA!
Then why do you support it through your actions? You are a disgrace Joe  ...is there a mirror in your house?
so that he can have your seat in the senate replaced by a Republican. He will fire you when he no longer needs you. As a Senator he can't.
Now they use that as an excuse to protest and preach their hate. The government started this and better find a way to fix it.
Trump is a bigot/racist. never should be in office. need to impeach. Plz do not accept position from him. he is only using you.
The government gave them a stage to stand on when all this tear down the confederate statue stuff started.
be specific, no place for #WhiteNationalism. Separate yourself from the #madking @POTUS.
I am here visiting my grandson.Please condemn the white supremacy and neo nazism.This was not  a "scene "---- Charlottesville was attacked .
Disheartened? By a terrorist attack that killed someone? You're disheartened. Ok. Don't want 2 offend Trump, I guess.
the uva alt right attackers are jerks, they had the darn nerve to do that to innocents who were complaining with a peaceful way? UGH
Instead of "disheartened" why not say disgusted or repulsed?
So this is the administration you want to join?  Shameful that you would vacate your seat to be a part of that.
NAME IT!!  RACISM
Please Senator, stay in the Senate. Millions are depending on you. Save the ACA.
Call it what it is, you coward, #WhiteNationalistTerrorism
Well, @Sen_JoeManchin, they say your going to go to work for the head Nazi.  What about that is frightening?
Then don't turn your back on your constituents! Stay in the Senate and represent them. Don't back this would be republican hoax!
Then you better not go to work for the maniac who unleashed this.
Republican Party = Trump = white supremacists/neo-Nazis.
And, you're getting ready to join it.
Don't join the team that took this to Charlottesville. This executive branch is toxic.
There's a place for hatred bc Trump and his asswipe Dominionist and Nazi friends created a place. Don't be fooled by his teflon tongue.#evil
Thank you for speaking out against hate. May God bless you and the great state of West Virginia.
Please don't turn your back on millions of people. Say no to trump job offer
white supremacists and nazis, joe. call them for what they are or you're just wasting everyone's time
Please do not leave the senate to work for trump. We need your voice & vote in the senate. Trump is a disaster. Stay where you're needed.
The KKK is your source for votes. The GOP has given David Duke and his ilk a platform for those votes. #Charlotesville
Then please put Our Country 1st & stay in Senate!
Don't be fooled Trump wants your Senate Seat NOT You!
WV still doesn't have hate crime protections for LGBT persons. Could have done a lot while governor to have made that happen, Uncle Joe!
Please do not join this administration.
Senator the news says you are selling a Repeal vote for Energy Secretary post.  Say it isn't so!
They were shouting "Heil Trump" Senator.
Thank your President
The only hatred going on is by the Communists who hate the White race.
Are you working with Trump taking a position in order for ur Gov to appoint a Republican to your seat so they will have enough to pass Hcare
Yet here it is - on full display. Hatred must be fought face-to-face, not swept under the rug.
I am a Republican. Ifeel this country is falling apart. We need to come together and be one. Decide what is best for our Country. Bless you
And u may work for a man that will not call it terrorism or even denounce white nationalist aka his base! Will have no respect if u do
Exactly so why bus in people how attack peaceful protesters
Dear Senator Joe Manchin,  heard second hand info that a malitia strike in Illinois Boone County two days ago.  Contact me sfutmb@gmail.com
Please don't leave the Senate and join the sinking ship that is the Trump administration. He is not good for this country. At all.
Thanks Obama
"Disheartened"? How abt HORRIFIED?  No time to walk fences. Either one side or the other, lest you trip and fall on the wrong side.
Coward
Stay away from his Adm., it's toxic and you know it. They only want you for your seat. How sad is that? You are needed right where ur at.
Remove all doubt & tell @POTUS that you will not accept the Sec of Energy position. You are needed in the Senate not in the Trump admin!
