Remember about half the country wants the ACA repealed or replaced.  Work together w prez&congress  for compromise that fixes big ACA probs.
Wrong. Once they realized Obamacare and ACA are the same thing, a lot of them changed their minds. And even more did with GOP House version.
You lie. You are misinformed ad brainwashed by MSM.
So many bots. I wonder why.
Thank you for tracking & sharing the calls- something @RepChrisCollins is too afraid to do
Get rid of Obamacare!!!
Luxury ytgsys
No ACA, I PAYfor healthcare at work 4 past 45 years. Jobs=$$,WORK=insurance, not gov handouts + control
Under the new bill, employers will not have to offer insurance.
Oppose that cruel bill
R's HCare bill is squashing. Get the states to expand Medicaid. And DON'T LET THE R'S CHANGE THE NAME. It should be improved & remain ACA!
Tell McConnell he is a horrible excuse for a human being, & will have blood on his hands if this bill passes. Cutting Medicaid will kill.
THERE ARE NO MEDICARE OR MEDICAID CUTS. Just not as big of an increase. NOT final bill only part 2 of 4.
What about your twitter stats?
Why don't the dems come out with a solid plan to improve the ACA. If u have a solid proposal, Americans will approve it!!!
I hope and pray you deny the request for this Crazy Voter Information!
You all should have been working with OUR PRESIDENT to fix this mess you Democrats started. Now get busy. What ideas do you bring?Do it now!
But they WILL have their GUNS!!!!  Yeah!!!
Time to get rid of obamacare
How many Americans opposed Obamacare?  Millions?
17%
So,  millions.
Yes. And more millions for it. Math.
So again,  my original tweet was correct.  FACT.
it's simple, just say NO!
WVians are just afraid. Healthcare belongs to States in free market creation and consumer CHOICE! REPEAL OBAMACARE.
So they can refuse to pay for anything that might be linked to my diabetes, whether or not it is? Vote NO, Joe.
I agree. The current healthcare act is being approached in the wrong perspective. Replacement can happen later. But for now REPEAL obAmacare
Thank you for wanting me to die.
I would love to see this from @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz
How many on single payer? #paulajean2018
@SenatorBaldwin can you post your numbers?


Please Keep Your Word & Vote No
And they voted for that nut.
Btw u were great on #MorningJoe Senator! So glad you're a solid NO on Senate bill. Self-employed & I  ACA, & kept my doc, who loves it too
Keep Obamacare until the democrats SCREAM for repeal.
Obamacare was the GOP's plan
What's the color of the sky in your universe?  Not one republican voted for it.
They still wrote it. It was fine until President Obama endorsed it.
It's time to accept that the ACA is not the Devil, and it is not single-payer, and it is not communism, and it is actually pretty okay.
It could be better but Republicans want to move us in the wrong direction.
To be sure, it could be better. A LOT better. And Democrats failed us there in 2009. But it's the law now. Congress needs to grow up.
KEEP PRESSURE UP!! 202-224-3121
So your a Booker puppet. Should have realized that. You Cory, Schumer,Waters,Lee, screw ball Nancy all deserve what u get 2018.
Haven't heard this mentioned: Since Mktplace/ACA system is already established & finally working well, wld be  big savings to keep & repair
what are they opposing Joe?  FREE Medicaid, FREE disability checks, FREE welfare; what about people who are actually working? how about us?
Hope you keep your word & #VoteNo on this evil bill. You're known for  siding w/ republicans so much makes 1 wonder if u're tied to russia.
What the tally for us that are for it?  You will be voted out because you are only telling one side of the story
Didn't WVa vote for Trump... just sayin' have to be careful what you let in the house...Little hard getting the snake back out the door...
Yes, the Republicans are in a mess trying to fix our healthcare insurance system that you and your Democrat party destroyed.
You have to get @SenCapito in line with you. Often the moderate we all need stop #Trumpcare #WV will suffer under this bill
So what is the alternative? Zero healthcare?  Why aren't DEMS proposing anything - UR only Dem Senator trying to work collectively...
needs to lose brutally in 2018 mid term election
Can you persuade your colleague Capito to vote against the health bill today also
Oppose
You don't get to vote,give this info to Sen.Capito
SICK of just resistwork together to pass healthcare!
I just read on your Facebook that you will NOT support this bill.Thank you, for putting the people of this state 1st.Get @SenCapito to agree
This coal miners granddaughter says VOTE NO ON WEALTHCARE
I think the republicans need your help in pushing health insurance back to the free market. Let the people decide what is best
I don't agree with you on some things, but I appreciate you on this issue!
Urge Senator Capito from WV to vote NO on this DUMPSTER FIRE of a bill.  TRUMP promised NOT to touch MEDICAID. This bill destroys it.
Highly doubt all these wv folks even know what's in it let alone read it
VOTE NO!! and convince Capito to do the same!
Only people who like Obamacare are the same ones who want something for nothing. I'm paying a lot for nothing.
I really like this http://guy.One  of a very few of either party I would vote for.#WVJoe4Potus2020
You're a good and fair man. You were gracious towards Sessions. That's why you must tell your constituents that Obamacare is collapsing.
lies
Wonder how @SenCapito 's mail/phone tweets are running?  She is being quiet about the REPUB piece of crap.
Most of those who oppose it are doing so because of what they are being told on commercials.  Why don't you translate it for us.
Easy-- VOTE NO!!!!
s s s.  C
My suggestion is wait until the bill is finalized, people need to want to work again, where's the pride?
Defeat #Trumpcare, then work for #singlepayer. #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA.
Please commit to #FilibusterByAmendment. Stop this cruel bill by any means available--filibuster by amendment if necessary!
Shouldn't we at least have an imperfect plan in place, and make bi-partisan improvements, insuring more in the coming years?
The ACA is going to die of natural causes, with the last of the co-ops poised to collapse. Once ACA is gone, more than 22 mil won't have ins
Joe, I love your work, but the ACA is a time bomb. It has to go. If Chuck Shumer can't engage like an adult, perhaps you can lead the way
Sen. You are the only Dem I can think of who is pragmatic enough to work with Reps. on health care. What changes would you propose?
Glad to know.  I have called Senator C.'s office several times.  I hope it's not a waste of time.
Please vote no and support WV
Glad to hear that you're a no, Senator. WV needs more help with healthcare, not less.
Since when do you care what voters think? You're a corporatist, thug and a Republican in Democrat colors!
Please propose amendment making Congress subject to TrumpCare.  No exceptions.
I guarantee more than that oppose Obamacare but they have to work and don't have time to complain to you about it.
Sadly Joe it's too little too late.  Even if you vote no it won't save your seat. You have already sold your soul. #byebyejoe
Get the government out of my healthcare, your a safety net take care of those who need it, leave me alone
.@SenCapito stand with your colleague from WV and do the right thing #SaveMeCapito
Obamacare needs to be replaced it's time to vote yes
Unfortunately, most of those probably listen to msm, and believe the lies.  It's up to you to tell them the truth.  OCare is failing fast.
Obamacare was the GOP's plan
You can't honestly believe that. Obamacare was never meant to work it was meant to slide into single payer. Passed w no Repub votes
Vote for the health care bill.   What we have now needs to be changed.
Do you know what the healthcare bill does?
How many supporting it?
Do y'all know how to use Twitter? Who thought it was a good idea to add that pointless infographic? Just type the figures in the box.
Sadly those against probably not read it. And 5 minutes after its release Senator Schumer blasted it on Twitter. How can he read so fast?
It was probably leaked to him
Just do what is right. VOTE NO.  Your job is to help not hurt.
You have not. You got 10000+ emails, had your aided filter what you want to see, then make up fake results. You listen to no one directly.
Ofailurecare! deceitful hypocrite
What exactly do they disagree with?
GOP & trump could fix ACA if they cared about people. Caters to the rich, look at his cabinet.He lies every day. Voting no should be simple.
They've got plenty of time to complain since they don't work. Republicans are busy #MAGA and the cellphone doesn't work well from the mine.
Betcha, most of the calls were ROBOCALLS
Be honest....there is no fixing healthcare system that will make everyone happy.
vote for it or we will not vote for you
LEAVE MEDICAID ALONE
Fix, don't repeal.  Too many WVians will suffer.  Single payer system!!
I wonder if they prefer Obamacare? #LetObamacaredie
How has Obamacare negatively affected you? How do you feel about the millions that will lose coverage? #fuckemright?
Just remember, majorities in House, Senate along with Presidency all based on Repealing and Replacing Obamacare. The voters have spoken.
Trump promised no cuts to Medicaid, Social Security or Medicare & heath care reform to cover more people for less $.
Do you and the minorty party have any idea how to fix Obama if you don, you and your party have become odstructions, pure and simple.
Of course they do. Dems weren't invited to the secret working group that wrote the Senate bill.
Are you going to vote no, Joe?
Trump care should be called the Republican Care Less Bill! Poor replacement for the ACA, If I couldn't do better I'd quit!
Will it be better when Obama care falls?
So, what you are saying is that if there are more "For" than "Against" through an online survey...you will vote for it? #healthcare
How many are you stopping from getting health care 

You don't care how many suffer while you stop this
What would you do manchin? What is your solution ? Quit bitching and give a solution that's better I am a Wv voter
American Medical Association: ObamaCare repeal violates ‘do no harm’ rule THe AMA and the AHA is against it
You've got to roll the pie crust before adding the filling.  #Obamacare is stale, won't be eaten; so must be discarded.  Bake US a new pie.
Obamacare was the GOP plan.
This bill kills people. Medicaid is the primary tool to fight opioid addiction. Vets lose. Seniors lose. Hospitals close. Who wins?
Didnt U hear on MSNBC? Its just a tax cut 4 the rich.
Don't believe everything you hear from liberal media.
To me, the new bill sounds better than the old bill.
You must have a lot of money or employer paid hc.
give it back to the people. fed gov should not tell us when, why or how, let us choose independence from fed gov
joe we all know you will vote with the GOP. Stop acting like you care.
Stay strong, @Sen_JoeManchin 
Trump will make a call, and he'll vote for it.
