Re DeVos, thank you.
traitor
thank you Senator Manchin!
Good call! She has no idea of the real world of schools.
Thank you for your logical reasoning although I disagree I #respect your position
thank you for listening!
Thank you for putting our children First! @robportman I can't get you. Plz Vote No on DeVos. She is NOT Qualified!
ty!!
Thank you for this vote for our kids.
We agree that Ms. Devos is unqualified and strongly support your decision to vote against her confirmation.
the Teacher's Unions have destroyed public education.  Maybe it's time for a different approach.
Thank you for putting children first.   They deserve every chance for a bright future - that begins with quality education!
CHANGE YOUR MIND-
VOTE YES on DeVOS
ENOUGH OF DEMS DRAGGING FEET
LOOKING LIKE SPOIL CHILDREN TOLD NO
HAVING 
FITS
ENOUGH
LMAO. your state REMAINED last in national education and you have valuable input ? What a laugh. Wow.
so you think that @BetsyDeVos is really qualified?
yes. And a needed change
I'd take an objective look at her policies' effects in Michigan before making such a bold claim
I respect that but I see the other 49 states as well and what we have been doing has failed
is right, check out how well Detroits school system faired. I don't want that to happen in my state.
get rid of the whole department
I am watching your voting record. U voted to proceed w/ her-why?  We are the unhealthiest & least educated state u scare me
@dyslexiavt Status quo doesn't address one of your requirements so what is your solution? More of the same?
THANK YOU!
TY
Chickens**t
As a voting West Virginian, thank you for saying no to DeVos.
THANK YOU Senator for standing against the unqualified @BetsyDeVos
U don't get it, do U? We're not EVER going 2 "get over it". We're going 2 #RESIST & #FIGHT the illegitimate Yam every f'ing mile.
thank you Senator
Thank you Senator for looking out for our children and voting no for DeVos
As an educator, I thank you for your no vote on DeVos. Sincerely.
thank you. I wish you had voted against more of trumps appointments
.@Sen_JoeManchin Really bad decision on your part.
Unfit, unqualified and you know it.
goodbye Joe!! We'll remember this at your next election!!
vote No on DeVos. Trump is destroying NSC, State, DHS, Justice, & DeVos will destroy Education Dept
Thank You
of course you will. Mrs Joe Manchin is an avid supporter of Common Core while DeVos supports real education.
teach in a state w/o CC & my kids go to school w/ CC. My 5 grader further ahead in math than most in our 8th
thank you!
can't wait till joes up for re election won't get my vote . He wants to play both sides
thank you; however, I wish you'd vote like a democrat more often.
Thank you Joe! We don't need charter schools
Senator Manchin, I don't agree with your conclusion, but I respect your rationale and appreciate the mature approach
Yet you vote for Tillerson. Very disappointed to hear that. It will be remembered at the polls.
thank you.  I appreciate the work you do for the state.
Thank you for doing what is best for our kids in WV!
Thank you so much!! I believe that you've made the right choice and taken the right stance, esp for the future of WV schools
a change is needed. As a parent of 2 that graduated from WV rural public schools they were ill prepared for college and life
Private school in this rural area is much better than public. Status quo must go, quit protecting Teachers union.
Do the right thing, confirm the pick and quit playing politics for campaign funds.
Thank you for your principled stand for American education. #OpposeDeVos #2018PrimariesAreComing
Feel free to vote your conscience but your votes in all better clearly state that you are not an Obstructionist If so 2018
Thank you Senator.
thank you!
@Fmiller17 Our public education will be shit regardless of who's SecEd. Need more school choice
keep protecting WV 45th ranking Joe.  Shame on you for failing WV kids.
Wrong Senator. She has dedicated her life to helping find solutions others won't...Some in our state can't even read. Sad.
Thank you for demanding better for our children and this nation!
glad to hear this!
is it 2018 yet?
@educatorsresist thank you senator Manchin!!
it's a failing system.  Time for change.  Elections matter!
Overall, it's a decent statement.  However, I wish you wouldn't use the word "concerning" and use "appalling" instead.
thank you, sir.  An utter lack of exper + no respect 4 Dept she'd lead.  In over head but unaware of it = incompetence.
oppose all nominees and SCOTUS, WV and the country need to resist the reality star who knows not how to govern.
Thank you Senator!
Yet she still got past ya? When will we see Dems fight back. When will we see Dems fight like Rep?
2/2 Smart poor kids can't afford Catholic schools Vouchers would help them & prod public schools Rural counties need help!
Thank you for providing a voice of reason!
Did you meet w/ her? Could you work w/ her? We need help in WV. Grammar, literacy, graduation levels. We need new ideas. 1/2
Thank you for speaking up for America's children. They deserve better than DeVos.
Thank you! We all appreciate your support for our teachers and children on this one. -WV voter.
Thank You!
We lay off teachers by drawing a number from a hat?!?! No recognition of skills or performance.  Protect that system Joe.
That's funny, considering that WV is pretty much last in education. No comp: bad schools. So much for the children of WV.
thank you for voting against her. She is not qualified. I hope @SenCapito votes the same way for the sake of WVs students.
Thank you. Also grateful for your opposition to @realDonaldTrump immigration EO. #MuslimBan goes against our values.
I think the world of you Joe,but this time I think you need to vote yes for Betsy.I believe she will do a lot of good for WV
now stop supporting Sessions and you'll be on a roll!
@NewsroomJake Keep speaking out manchin. At least you are getting some things right
thank you!
under YOUR governorship & due Ray Tomblin we went DOWN 2 49th. That was with your wife Serving on the national skl board
Thank you Senator.
hey everybody joe suddenly has valuable insight on what good education looks like. Meanwhile WV is 49th. What a joke
@derekredd We're last in education in WV & now he's worried!  LoL, why didn't you do something years ago? Ear tickler!
Thank you!!!! WV NEEDS good public education to move forward!
thank you!
wrong move -
glad to know your stance, agree with your conclusion. Thank you Senator.
Thank you, Senator.
Thanks senator.   We appreciate it.
thank you senator for voting against DeVos. Now #StopPruitt #stopsessions
thank you Senator
Thank you, Senator Manchin. I'm a constituent, and I agree this is the right decision.
true but it will have to be addressed and I don't believe she is wanting them to be left out give her a chance Joe
Thank your standing up for the future generations of WV!
Thank you!
thank you!!!!!
Thank you! Now please reconsider your support of Sessions.
Thank you for caring about #AllChildren & the #Future of #OurNation #EducationOverProfit #NoDeVos #DangerousDeVos #JustSayNo
Are you a public school teacher?
OK sure internet stranger, let's go with that...what is advantage of charters from your point of view?
Thank you Senator. This is one of your better decisions.
Thank you!
Wrong call Senator.  Public education is owned by the unions.  No longer serving the public.
Thank you for standing against DeVos. I hope you will also oppose Sessions as AG.
This is weak. You dont have to have experienced situations that appear wrong to be able to fix them. Think Pres Trump
that plays a role, but I think for us that live here in WV the charter school issue is more important
THANK YOU, Senator Manchin, for putting first the best interests of our children.
Thank you! We appreciate you standing up to this unqualified nomination.
you don't meet the needs of wv
Thank you for speaking up for America's children, Senator!
Gimme A Break! Manchin doesn't know what's up re; childrens' needs.  Reject his approach at all costs!
