you're a sell out and a disgrace to the community and the constituents that support you:
#Shame
#Shame 
#Shame - #Sessions
But, Yes on Sessions. 3+ decades of on record racist acts...You say that you voted no to be "principled," #alternativefacts
- so why the Yes vote on Mnuchin? U let the people down!  Beware #2018primary!!
thank you senator for voting NO on DeVos, please vote NO on Sessions 
Wrong vote Joe
but you voted for Sessions you spineless sh*t gibbon.  We're going to primary you.  And we're going to prevail.
But you voted FOR Sessions!? And guaranteed you will lose come re-election. Deservedly so.
everybody voted against her. Why did you vote for Sessions? Traitor
traitor wtf is that you know who runs all branches right. What are u against? Do u have facts of anything.
Not vote for her and gleefully vote for Sessions? What kind of fraud are you perpetrating? For whom are you faking?
and then you made a really bad choice and voted for the racist Sessions!!
We do not agree but we respect ur decision.
even gave Sessions a big thumbs up across the room, what did you get for that? what was the payoff???
NO on Sessions!! Too #letlizspeak
let's see your statement on your vote FOR Sessions!Explain why u supported an of-record racist,or should we already guess...
wow, you can vote against a republican (assuming of course everyone else is) #machinisacoward
listen education needs a huge change, I disagree with u on Betsy. Unions just worried about there money.look 80s and now edu
finally schools will be held accountable instead of getting a govt pass no matter how incompetent that school may be
Under DeVos only public schools'll have that. Private schools can be incompetent but still get taxpayer funding
Those tricky things called facts don't matter when someone praises all things Trump.
how could you make this statement and then approve #Sessions?
this vote I don't get
And Sessions?
Leep fight'n the good fight!  Proud to have you as our Senator.
Appreciate your stance...many former colleagues in Calif. are disheartened by her approval.
Wrong vote.  She'll take the politics out of education.  Change is necessary if we want out kids to thrive.
how in god's name can you sleep at night having voted for sessions? Shame on you. Give up your seat to a real democrat.

I disagree, but I certainly look to you for a fair evaluation.  Thanks!
but you voted FOR Sessions. WTAF???
care to explain your "yes" vote on Sessions?
.@Sen_JoeManchin But where is your statement on why you voted for #Sessions?
You still voted for Sessions ! Disgusting !
Well said. Thank you for the all night vigil. Thank you for your work.
I respect your vote, Senator. But here in Michigan are pretty happy with school choice. #ImWithBetsy.
Can't wait to hear your explanation for Sessions.
You should have voted against Sessions. Traitor!
we thought better of you, Sessions will be your legacy.
we will remember your vote 4 Session  when it's time to vote for you.
Where's your statement against Sessions? Oh... #awkward...
you still voted yes in Session ... SMDH
How about you write a statement for why u were the only Dem who voted in Sessions? In Trump words, you're fired, u out!
thank you for this.  Wish you'd held the line with Sessions
Yet you voted Yes for Sessions????   You just wiped out the brownie pts for DeVos vote!!!
- So where is your statement as to why you voted FOR the racist/bigot Jeff Sessions?
why did you vote for Sessions?
but you voted for the racist Session. We see you and we will not forget! You're out!
Can you please issue a statement on your vote FOR #Racist @jeffsessions
Then how do you explain a vote for Sessions? Shame.
and yet you voted for Sessions? Strike 3, you're outta there.
Do you have an explanation why you voted for @SenatorSessions, would be interesting to find out ??
but u turned around and voted yes for Sessions???? WTFH?
Voting for Sessions was pretty despicable.  What kind of backroom deal did you make?  Did it involve $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$?
Too bad you voted FOR Sessions as A.G.!
You need to reassign yourself to being a REPUBLICAN because only once have you voted with the DEMS!! HOPE #VOTEOUT2018
So WHY in the HELL would you VOTE YES for SESSIONS?????
#YOUCANTFIXSTUPID 
You sir are NO LONGER  a Democrat!
Strong statement from a Senator from the state ranking 50th in a country that ranks 17th regarding effective education !
thank you for opposing Devos. Please do the right thing and also oppose Jeff Sessions.
quit playing your childish games and go to work
you represent a very red state Senator! We are watching and very anxious for the midterm elections.
wow joe 2018 can't come soon enough till we drain the WV swamp. Need to work with Trump or suffer the consequences.
Sorry Joe...you are not your own person you march to Schumer, Pelosi, and other Demo demagogues.
Disappointed in you vote.  Gov funding and control of public edu has resulted in deteriorated sys.  We need change.
thank you for thinking of the children of WV unlike our WV Senator across the aisle.
Good statement, but does it represent the will of West Virginians?
If you're proven to be wrong about Mrs. DeVos, will you release another statement??
thank you for standing up for education
keep it up Joe we the people of WV won't forget how you voted
Too late. Just shows how tight you are with teachers' union and status quo. We will remember in 2018
Play nice
Thank you, Sir!!!
#disappointed in you Senator
You voted wrong.  This will be remembered in 3028 election.  Also your stance on gun laws you tried to get passed .
.@Sen_JoeManchin you still support Sessions though, so....no.
proud if your stand. A vote for the children of your state. Too bad more GOP senators don't care like you do.
you lost my vote and everyone I know. Hope you have great plans for your impending 2nd career!
Votes against education of Wv.
Thank you, Senator Manchin! 
so sad that you have neglected to hold WVpublic schools accountable. Glad my family's time in them is almost done. pathetic
Then you've sent a clear message to the kids I hope they remember when they turn 18 you don't care about them.
@HoppyKercheval and what did you do to help the WV public education system, sir?
thank you for your no vote. A shame your counter-part forgot she is from a rural state.
@DaMinoshow to bad it wasn't enough. Thanks to the VP
very disappointed, our children need a change, what we have now is not working
@LeslieRubinWCHS Bought and paid for by the teacher unions, we shall not forget term limits needed
Thank you!! I hope you continue to uphold the values of your constituents. #DeVosvote
2/ Republican Party which would be a better fit for you !
How could you consider voting for Sessions ? You can't be serious ! You should start looking for anther job try the
so you would rather protect the unions than to be concerned about the education of the poorest in this country. great.
thank you for standing against this atrocity. I wish it would have been enough.
Thank you for your NO vote. Too bad @SenCapito couldn't do the right thing
thank u
Thank you Senator!
My experience in PS: 6 y/o cries because misses mom; gets put in dark corner of principal's secretary office.
Then again in the secretary office. Friend's mom happens to come in. Tries to comfort me. Gets told off by secretary.
bad move Senator - it shows you do not care about WV children - thought you were better than that
US #26 in the world in science and math education, & you oppose innovation?Triangulating to remain in office.Not principled.
thank you, good sir.
thank you for basing your vote on the educational realities and needs of WV.
Thank you.
Our public school system in WV can't get any worse, I will do everything I can to get someone else elected this election
Vote him http://out.Vote  him out
kudos to u for recognizing the attempt to undervalue our education system
TY for fighting for public schools! Please continue to put constituents' interests before @realDonaldTrump 's billionaires!
Thank you!
Even in opposition @Sen_JoeManchin adds caveat that he would love to approve all of Trumps cabinet appointments. This fake must be primaried
instead of relying on schools and public funds to do parents' job, why don't you vote to deregulate coal mines in WV 4 jobs
thank you Senator for standing up for America's children. WV should be proud of you.
okay now go back and do something for USA and the American people instead of just this stupid 2 party system Please
you stayed safe Joe. She made it without you.
go DeVos and so much for you getting reelected
@HoppyKercheval So being involved in/running a failed system is prerequisite? Recycle the same failed leaders? #leaderslead
thank you for doing what is right. Shame on @SenCapito
Interesting, but no mention of teacher union donations to your campaign.......
people seem to forget it's a teachers job to teach a child how to think not what to think. Fail Joe.
. There are actually facts that should be taught as general knowledge.  Right?  Facts are facts.
why the vote yes on Sessions!?!?!? Unconscionable!!
name a reason why not, besides the tired argument that a AG that prosecuted KKK members, is a racist or Trump apt
democratic politicians believe their children are better than low income/middle class that can't afford private schools.
