Stupidity!  You did not GIVE me a damn thing.  You fined me for not purchasing a service and now DEMAND I be grateful for your tyranny.
The Republican plan also fine you for not being on an insurance plan.
That is why there must be full repeal.  Republican socialism is just as villainous as Democrat socialism.
Repeal & Replace!  Replace our healthcare to it's previous point before Obama ruined it! It's dying now Dems want R's to fix it Dreamers!
oh, so you want pre-obamacare? sure. take it. no problem for me. but if you really want that, have fun with no healthcare at all.
You don't understand how any of this works, do you? Pre-Obamacare it was a lot cheaper & no forced mandate or coverage limits. Much better.
yeah premiums have been rising since. they have risen before too.
True, the question is always how fast the premiums rise, the rate of increase has been sky high, a vast increase in the speed of increase.
I despise that my tax money is funding Planned Parenthood !
Have you ever visited a Planned Parenthood site?  Their work is vital in rural parts of our country, no tax $ for abortions.
If that's the case then why isn't there one in WV?
Maybe people who r against PP but r ignorant about the svcs actually provided make it politically impossible 4 state officials 2 support.
I'd be for the services, if they were paid for across the board at every local provider & not leveraged by a PAC.
What political action committee, specifically, do you think is "leveraging" Planned Parenthood?
Pp is a PAC. They spend tens of millions on candidates and elections. FACT.
3) Look it up. Every major corporation (incl healthcare-related entities) has a PAC. They, too, give 2 candidates who support their position
Really thought you were looking out for Americans. The dems have done NOTHING to show they want to cooperate. Dems obstructed at every turn.
How? Dems were given four hours to read the damn bill before being asked to vote on it. NO hearings, NO amendments passed, NO input asked.
If u really meant this, u won't leave the Senate. Besides, if u hitch ur wagon to Trump, he'll use u, ruin ur reputation, & leave u 4 dead.
ObamaCare is a disaster. The Dems own the mess. I hope the GOP stands firm and let ObamaCare implode.
Remember this on Monday. With Trump's big announcement don't take it please. Stay Democratic Sen.
Leaving the Senate for a cabinet position would throw this all away. Please put your country before your political ambition.
Thank you for fighting to protect healthcare.
I think you proved that bipartisanship doesn't exist.  Only Dem suggestions have been to throw more money in a failed system.  Pull the plug
Joe my premiums are through the roof. Your party lied. Next year I have to pay penalty. I blame Democrats and you could have changed this!
Good lapdog Joe. Instead of listening to your people you listen to Chuck Schumer. Shame on you. Trump won your state and you forgot.
Be true to your statement, remain Senator. Don't be the person responsible for the repeal of the ACA.
Joe, America is asking you to stand by your statement. Don't give Trump t/vote he needs to take HC fr millions. Don't accept EnergyDept job.
Is THE HILL report true about you not giving a shit about DNC policy? Hope so
Does anyone wonder why there is not one Democrat (Manchin included) that has an individual idea, they are all blind mindless lemmings?
Thank You .@Sen_JoeManchin for standing strong for West Virginians and the health care coverage they depend upon.
You voted to continue Obamacare.And funding Planned Parenthood.We are watching Joe.And we will remember your votes in 18.#WiseUp
Please, @Sen_JoeManchin, don't abandon your post as senior senator from West Virginia. We need you to protect our health care!
If you changed parties it would have passed. It would save your seat if you switch parties. Trump won West Va by 40 points
when will you come to your senses? Switch parties. I voted democrat whole life. No more. Dems r bat crazy!
Mre accurate to say the Senate attempted to repeal the failed Affordable Care Act.
brains @Cavuto think they can put U in THEIR pocket, but U need to drill down & READ this thread https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/892426046980497410 …
Senator:The second MOST PRESCRIBED group of drugs Rx under Medicaid...Opiates, Most expensive..Hep C (50% due to drugs)#don't feed the deer
#singlepayer The market had its change and failed.
So abortion funding and forced coverage are out.
People no longer forced to buy car insurance either then I guess.
Oregon Medicaid Study shows no improvement in any health parameter now at 3+ years...more drugs, more ER visits, more Dr visits..no benefit
Senator: The top ten states for OD deaths are ALL Medicaid expansion states...coincidence?
Senator: The opioid crisis is what you get when you cross down and out patients with down and out doctors.
Senator:evidence points to the fact that the Medicaid Expansion has fueled the opioid crisis,decreased access for the truly needy !
Answer me this question if you dare ? Are you and your senators going to have the same health care that the citizens will have ?
West virginians this one should do him in he got $87,000 to take away ur guns! what a snake in the grass
 he only pretends to care.
Senator Joe, that is just plain pathetic. You need to learn to do what is right for the country.
Keep expansion but break up the Blue Cross Monopoly to lower premiums. OR..single payer?
Obamacare needs replaced with something better GOP plan isn't good enough. They 60 votes for a good plan that has bipartisan support
Thank you Senator. One day your constituents will realize what you truly did for them in voting No.
Please, we are not asking you to fix it, but to repeal it and let the free market work
Dont know what your statement says but voting down last night was the right thing to do. Im sure you looked for every reason to say yes
Thank you, Sen. Manchin, along with the others who voted no with you.  We appreciate it.  We support improving ACA.
Well your side passed the ACA in a partisan matter? Why in the hell should we work bipartisan on this issue?
When did you ever work with the Republicans? All during Obama's terms he only used executive orders and never did work with congress.
You had every chance to come and work together with the Republicans you did not.
Missed your chance at being a statesman.... instead you BOUGHT the  Socialized Medicine path of the Dems ...   Single Payer, single opinion.
West Virginia, Your turn. You know what you have to do with this FRAUD!
Joe has got to go!  New campaign slogan. Communist Manchin is out the door.
You need to just join the #GOP party and let your hateful state live into GOP values, Senator EpiPen.
Wow, I was listening to you on MSMBC...almost thought you were a republican for a minute.
Watched you on Caputo. You made me so proud. He cut you off because he was afraid of you. So very afraid. Kudos.
Just caught u on @CNN U r everything wrong with democrats. Can't 4 once dems grow a spine. Why aren't u a conserviturd? #growbackbone
oh I see..work together huh? what a bunch of bullshit!  just like you did when you past the UN Affordable Care Act? What a hypocrite you are
Your done! All I want is to see who Trump wants me to vote for against YOU!!!Dem party is party of the rich not middle class
Shove it Manchin!
U had your chance 2 act on WV vote 2 REPEAL Ocare & blew itThey'll remember this in 11/2018. Thx 4 D SCOTUS vote butneeds Sen. 2 REPEAL!
Joe even as a Rep I like you but we didn't give them control to "fix" Ocare. They ran on r/r &that's what put them in. So now let it implode
If you mean this then show them how it's done. Sen. L. Graham met with POTUS this morning - so call him and start the bipartisan process !!!
You should have voted to repeal it. If Trump can't count on any democrats our existence as a country may soon end.
Your not going to be a senator much longer so why would we listen to anything u have to say
You voted against the American people this morning
People who actually PAY for health insurance are getting slaughtered so welfare (expanded Medicaid) ppl get for FREE! Dem's must go.
Thank you @Sen_JoeManchin #FixACA
Sen joe why don't you use obama care if it's so good for Americans I've asked a few senators that on here and still haven't gotten an answer
I would let Ocare collapse and when you send bill to prop it up....veto it
number phone of lawyer afermach abdelhamid 212641096389 or 0641096389 country morocco city agadir
Thanks for not folding Joe. Couldn't of been easy
I can only hope you are voted out. Working w Schumer? You're out of your mind. Bi-partisan w democrats is surrender. 
wva please fire this traitor  wva  needs @realDonaldTrump supporter in congress!!! 2018 vote out Joe
Thank you for your vote last night. That took courage. Now let's work across the aisle to #FixACA
Thank you Senator for representing the people. Keep fighting
Then stop talking about it and just do it!!!!!
You voted straight party line knowing your people are suffering! Hope they remember!
Your constituents support Trump!
You need to Go!
Most constituents in WV aren't smart enough to brush their tooth.
Yikes
You have until November 2018 to get a working healthcare plan on the table or else the house and senate had better be on Obamacare!
Joe I respect your opinion and views as one of the very few sane members of the Democratic party.
Thank you! Votes for federal programs affect us all, in all states. As  someone using Obamacare, I am so appreciative of your efforts!!!
Joe, I give you more slack than most. They don't want to work with you, homie.
Thank u 4 being willing to work across lines & refusing to play competitive games with people's lives.
The ONE Democrat I had some hope for let me down .
Way to go Joe! You rock!
Obamacare was not bi-partisan 
Now you want bi-partisan
Obamacare had many MANY R amendments and much R input- it's why premiums are so high.
That's silly talk.  GOP voted 0.  Dems didn't even read it.
Mitch wouldn't let any of them vote for it in the end but there was R input.
Can you guys do this? Can anybody in Washington act like an adult? W
Shut Up
Haven't read your statement. But now we'll just let your "affordable" care act finish itself. I will fight to PREVENT government BAILOUT.
Thanks for standing up for Wvs
Non-statement
I don't know why you don't want affordable healthcare for the working people pay ~3000.00 a month for unusable insurance .gotta drop!
Thank you! Now we can work together to making ACA work better for more people!!  
Thank you.
Nice work with your bipartisan lip action
-"Present". Are you kidding me? What happened to yea or nay?What happened to courage?
Hey Joe,  what are you going to do to fix Obama care now, it is broke, millions are going to die because the mess in Washington has failed
I hope you feel good about letting all Americans down. Do you think the imploding OBcare is working for all Americans who can't afford it?
Sir, I had respect for you. But in the end you demonstrated that Party was more important than Country. #SkinnyRepeal
Exactly. How dare he vote to keep his constituents covered for medical care.
Wait til the rate increases and cancellation reality starts to hit the #snowflakes. The meltdown will be epic.
SAD Commentary for DEMS
The liberal idiots on here thanking you will cry a different tune when Obamacare crashes. Schumer is so proud of you.
17 months.
Thank you for protecting my family's access to health care. We will support your reelection in every way possible.
Thank you for your vote. Happy anniversary to Medicaid. May it continue to help those in need.
2018 no more Democrats
My employer and I spent over 6K on my insurance last year. I received minimum care and I am healthy and a non smoker.
Thank you
Thank you!
Thank you!
You did the right thing, thank you!
What does statement even mean? ACA built richer MED/Pharma corps.  Taxpayers need relief. Go @realDonaldTrump ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
Doolittle Manchin does little again to help our health care. Grow a pair, Joe! Do what's right & kill OBcare! It can't be repaired!
Thank you for doing what was right for WV.
Thank you Joe, I hope others will join you and your efforts to bring a bipartisan solution to the health care issue.
Thank you!
joe run for prez plz
Thank you.
Agreed, Senator. Thanks for standing up for your constituents & responsible lawmaking tonight. This WVian will sleep a bit better now.
Thank you, senator, for following the wishes of your constituents.
Thank you  #SenateDemocrats
Thank you for your vote, Senator.
Come strawberry festival I will booooooooo the crap out of you cause you let my family done because they are suffering.
You let WV down, you are a terrible Senator
If you believe the people are going to stand for massive taxes to bailout the exchanges you are wrong
To bad Joe
Your daughter's  business ripping off families is safe
You can't have affordable healthcare without competition and choice! Socialism does not work! We can't afford this as a Country!
You ALL Suck !!!
Thank you, Senator, for looking out for my neighbors.
THANK YOU for your vote "no" for the skinny repeal tonight. You showed great courage and great integrity! #SkinnyRepeal
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Manchin, you have the people of WV in your heart.  I am proud to say you are my Senator.

Thank you Joe!!!
Thank you Joe!!!
My statement on #SkinnyRepeal
Please work together to fix ocare!
You r a LIAR!  U do not want to work together and U must be FIRED!
Thank you for your leadership Senator.
Thank you for your vote
Thank you, Senator. I'm proud of you.

Thank you for staying strong. Hopefully the Republicans will try to work seriously with Dems now
