Coward

How can an elected official be against Democracy? Un-fucking-believable.
Serve your constituents you wont be challenged by fellow dems- this pledge shows consciousness of guilt
How about pledging to work with our president and get the things done we wanted that's why we elected president Trump vote no democrats 2018
Coward. This is not how democracy works! #DINO #JoblessIn2018
“What you ought to do is vote me out. Vote me out! I’m not changing. Find somebody else who can beat me and vote me out." Very well, then!
The people of WV love President @realDonaldTrump. They need to throw you out of office since you are trying to throw Trump out of office.
Lmao man him has voted with trump more than any other democrat, he was the only D to approve sessions and mnuchin.
He votes to support trumps removal of regulation preventing coal companies from polluting the water ways cause he's bought by coal industry
Why.  There are dozens of sitting Senators that need to go.  Lets start with McConnell.
Manchin needs to go.
McConnell needs to go.

The two are not mutually exclusive.
Don't tell that to resting Dems....

THEY STILL WANT THEIR QUEEN 
in 2020...

.... and beyond 

#TheseDemsARETOOLOYAL 
Joe Manchin is really a Republican masquerading as a Democrat.  BOTH parties are so corrupt, I suppose it doesn't really matter.
Your ass is grass when the primaries come along. Either you lose to Paula or you cheat and lose to a republican.
That's not how democracy works.
Someone is terrified of @SenSanders showing up on his doorstep and pointing people to a viable option for a turn about in their state.
News about your voting record is spreading around the country #fakedemocrat
Why don't u just go ahead & retire & let someone who cares about W. Virginians take over? FF industry doesn't need every senator on payroll
Actually he is far better than Capito and he fought damn hard for the coal miners. He is to conservative for me but far better than a repub.
Dude he is a Repub
Parts of McDowell county don't have water or internet access- if, as gov & senator, you didn't fix it, it's time to GO
So much hate on social media
I'm not certain this is a way to improve the political climate. Unfortunately, Republicans have gone so far right and D's are drifting left.
The democratic progressive base is shifting left. The Ds in Washington are not. If anything they're moving even further right
Why? Afraid #BernieSanders will campaign for #PaulaJeanIn2018 ? Better snort up that sweet, sweet PAC $$$ while you can! #DINO

Why don't you run as a Republican like we all know you want to?
Manchin a few months ago: “What you ought to do is vote me out. I’m not changing. Find somebody else who can beat me and vote me out."
na na na na na hey hey goodbye ... looking forward to seeing @paulajean2018 take your seat.
This is some bs. You're only doing this in hopes that no other senator doesn't campaign against you,.
Untrue...
He is the real deal..always has been
Why you hate democracy, Joe?
Thank you for this.  The Potus however has right to speak as he sees fit.  i understand some of the language of his foul, he has an agenda.
Looks like someone's scared of being primaried. Dem in name only.
lol, you're done Joe. @RepEvanJenkins for congress. #joemustgo
Everyone who signs this needs to be primaried.

You.  Are.  To.  Be.  Subordinate.  To.  The. Wishes.  Of.  Voters. 
This is who should have been our President!!!
MANCHIN IS RIGHT! PRESERVE THE STATUS QUO BY KEEPING INCUMBENTS IN OFFICE FOREVER!
#PowerToThePower!
Status Quo! Status Quo! Status Quo! 
@BrandNew535 @OurRevolution @People4Bernie Do we pledge to disregard?
PS I'm pulling for @paulajean2018
No, you're pledging to satisfy your donors and help keep the the senators they've purchased in power.
I pledged not to campaign against a sitting colleague. I think it's time for all Senators to make this pledge. MORE: http://bit.ly/2sPOLAP  
So... just to be clear, he won't help anyone run against a sitting Republican?
"I pledge not to challenge peope who already are in power". Hero
Because we totally need Congress to stay on the current path, right? ;-)
Exactly. "I pledge not to campaign against an institution with a 9% approvak rating"
You know what you should pledge to do instead?  Pledge to campagin against any sitting Senator who votes for the ACHA.
this a VERY BAD THING!!! Of course all the OTHER REP who run AGAINST DJT VOWED to HONOR decision of ppl & SUPPORT winner! Pathological liars
It's happening, they're afraid. Can't wait for 2018.
Can I have a real progressive Democrat over this @Sen_JoeManchin guy?
In other words you are terrified of running against Paula!!  @paulajean2018
Way to put a person ahead of the people, Joe.
in a poitico interview he cockily told people to challenge him if they dont like his politics. now this? turns out hes a coward after all.
he doesnt want anyone to run against him because he knows his time is up because he corrupt.
this pledge is basically a form of corruption.
u got your seat by campaigning against bob wise, a sitting colleague, until he unceremoniously dropped out so y is it not ok now? #JOEMUSTGO
"I ain't changing, find someone to vote me out..." Isn't that what you said? Maybe you ought to watch what ya say buddy because you're gone.
You made a pledge to prevent politicians from being held accountable by their voters. Coward.
So you could care less about your constituents?  I hope they vote for @paulajean2018 in WV.  #Democrats #JusticeDemnocrats
Turns out that inviting a challenger was a mistake?
Too bad!
Manchin to Bernie supporter: Bernie is not even a Democrat

Bernie supporter to Manchin: I don't know if YOU'RE…
.@Sen_JoeManchin >That's because you're scared of the primary challenge that's coming your way!
Thought you were challenging other democrats to vote you out if they wanted a senator from WV to vote the way they want 
Haha. You asked to be primaried, and now you're going to be primaried.
I pledged not to campaign against a sitting colleague. I think it's time for all Senators to make this pledge. MORE: http://bit.ly/2sPOLAP  
Are you signing this as one of the corrupt republican senators that you are?  At least have the integrity to say what you are. Repub Joe.
You gotta be kidding me, Joe!  If you're this anti-term-limits, it's time to vote you out.  I pledge to campaign against you!
You invited a primary challenge in Feb. from Bernie supporters (who won the state by 15%). Time for you to go!! You are out of touch!
Why shouldn't someone campaign against a sitting colleague if they're terrible? Like you for ex?. You definitely need to get primaried. .
"I pledge to put my colleagues above the will of the people."
Glad you admit you will NEVER listen to your constituents over the establishment!  You are a shame to the Democratic party!
You're pathetic. Really. You ridicule voters and challenge them to vote you out, then you do this when they move to vote you out. #GlassJaw
Enjoy the primary ;)
"Vote me out", "Primary me because I'm not changing". Why not resign now and save yourself the embarrassment? #Berned
Joe, so you admit you don't care about your constituents and want to hang on to power, West Virginians be damned.
Sounds like you're scared of getting primaried in 2018
Why do u think this is something the American people care about in any way? You are a self serving shill and don't deserve your job.
You told people to vote you out. Prepare to get primaried. You deserve it.
Looks like someone is afraid that @SenSanders will campaign for @paulajean2018. Paula Swearengin's gonna spank you either way Corprotate Joe
Translation, I'm a corrupt neocon & I'll ALWAYS place other corrupt neocon over the people we represent! Didn't Sanders win WV by 15%? Byby
Scared Joe
Sounds like someone is scared & a coward. You WILL be primaried, u will b exposed 4 the repube u r & u will lose! @paulajean2018!
in other words you & your colleagues are above the voters & you are afraid of a primary challenge @paulajean2018
Sounds like you're regretting telling progressives to primary because you are too corrupt to support our agenda. Have fun losing, shill
This is hysterical. It basically says please help me keep my job. Maybe you can get a loan from your corrupt daugter
Remember when you told a constituent, "vote me out, I'm not changing." You got your wish, mister tough-talk. @PaulaJean2018 @jimmy_dore
If yer scared, say yer scared
Since when does a pledge or promise mean anything to you?
If more democrats were of the same mindset as you, I might vote for them.  Both parties have great ideas when they come together.  Thanks!
It's like he's afraid of something.
I pledge to give cash to your Dem opponent in your primary.  Lots of it. :)
I sure as hell hope this puts a big old fuckin' TARGET on his back!
Mr. Manchin, u might better start speaking out loud & clear for Trump & ppl wants & needs, or else ur ass is soon 2 b fired with this bs!
Sounds like Manchin thinks just claiming to be a Republican should entitle him to sit back & relax! Any good want 2 be's in his State?
Thank you Senator Manchin.
The only Democratic Senator who is putting country before party. Let's work together!
Awwww!! You're so sweet!! Enjoy your last term.
Really? Because rather than listen to the concerns of constituents, you DEMANDED to be primaried. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/joe-manchin-primary-challenge-bernie-sanders-supporters-235380 … #dickmove
I've never seen a DINO who needed to be primaried MORE than you. 
#GoPaulaSwearengin #PaulaSwearengin2018
you are getting primaried because you are Republican Lite™. You rarely vote like a Democrat. You brought this on yourself.

I think you need to go back to school.
A Justice Dems is coming for your seat, Senator. I suggest you take that piece of paper and wipe your rear-end with it.
I hear they give out great bonuses in the pharma industry, sure you'll land on your feet!
Great pledge when you think your going to lose
Yeah instead of pledging to never take corporate donations... Wow just wow. We should call you "Antidemocrats" from now on.
We've known you were republican for a long time Joe. Does anyone buy your crap?
You're a creep
#notinmydemocracy
Well well well, it seems that even my friend senator here is not safe from the R A T I O
You do your ridiculous thing, we will do ours.
Joe, I'll donate to any Dem that campaign against you. That fake pledge is just cover for your carrying water for the GOP. #Resist
Refusing to campaign against colleagues who are taking away WV's health care is not civility.  It's DC insiderism.
You are a democrat. Democrats voted you in and Democrats will vote you out for not representing W. Va well.
So, collusion to keep out the competition?
This could B the single dumbest thing that your name has ever been attached 2. So if a sitting colleague is a Nazi U remain silent? #Coward
Why would you do this? Its bizarre.
Dude. Just declare a party switch. You’re not fooling any one.
I think all elected officials should make one pledge and one pledge only . . . to uphold the constitution. Every other pledge is bunk.
Jeo Manchin, retire bithcj
Uh, no. Your constituents don't want this, either. You must be willing to stand against corruption and incompetence when you see it.
Lol wut?
So now there's also a thin blue and red line huh? Big difference between your life on the line and your money though.   
LOL You all need to be replaced.  Career politicians is NOT what our founding fathers wanted.  #TermLimitsNow
Somebody's nervous haha
What the????? What about democracy and someone who isn't doing their job- this is ridiculous
"I pledge to go against all democratic principles."  --Signed by guy beholden to the coal industry.  Team Primary Manchin.
You and your daughter need to leave. Your both are harmful to this nation. WV deserves better.
This is dangerous. It is more about power than it is about serving the people.
This is garbage and unamerican.
This is an assault on our Republic. Those with power trying to hold onto power. UNpatriotic.
Hard pass Joey donuts.
Because Mitch McConnell will honor it. Hell, Capito will shiv you in the back for a sandwich. Don't be a fool.
It's democracy, not a country club.
Yeah no thanks.
We know why you want this pledge.. youre scared of what it will happen of @SenSanders campaigns for @paulajean2018. We relish in ur fear
No worries Joe, you can be replaced! Have a good day!
Nope. Republicans are the enemy and utterly without honor. Pledging to be nice to them is disarmament. Come on, man, #RESIST.
Speaking as one of your constituents, this is a terrible idea. If one of your colleagues is in the wrong, they SHOULD be campaigned against.
The word "bipartisan" distilles everything that is wrong with american "democracy"

You need more parties.
And an election reform.
You suck
You're a scared, pathetic man.
Wait, what? That's not bipartisan co-operation! Bipartisan cooperation is working across the aisle IN legislature. This is ridiculous. 1/
All you're doing is making sure corrupt members stay in Congress. Did you even think?
 good one... See you in 2018. @justicedems @BrandNew535 #BrandNewCongress #ForTheMany
I think backing the slogan of the defenders of the french monarchy suits you Manchin.  "All for one and one for all"
So THIS is your "purity test"? "I will always support incumbents" is a really really stupid "purity test"
I support permanent incumbency too!!
#HonorAmongstThieves
Good to see you're scared and no longer cocky. Enjoy your last term. Maybe Republicans will take a DINO like you.
So you will protect republicans...
That's ludicrous and unAmerican
The current senate is doing a terrible job, why would you think this is a good idea?  I want all of you to retire.
Are you nuts?
Just be a Republican. You are a poor excuse of a Democrat
Why the hell not?  Time to primary Mr Manchin WV!!!
McConnell and every senate republican will lie and break this stupid pledge.  Manchin is a fool and this just makes him seem weak.
That would not mean that others can't pledge to channel you, I presume…?
Who ever pays you the most, right Joey?
Thank you, Honorable Joe Manchin
Your sworn and fiduciary responsibilities are inconsistent with coddling colleagues, formally or informally, at any time.
You are THE worst "Democratic" senator we have & EVERYONE can't wait for @paulajean2018 to kick your ass out. 

All Corporate Dems must GO!
Where do we sign to opt-out?
Could you pledge to submit an amendment for term limits? Americans are overwhelmingly in favor of them. It never seems to get debated. 
Gj bending over for the establishment!
Good luck with that. An honorable position.  Thanks for being honest, and ethical, sir.
Voting against you in primary and general no matter who I have to vote for to do it.  Was never-miss Dem straight ticket 27 yrs.  No more.
@nickrizzo nick come get your man
You may want to play patty cake with your friends, but there are some who want to do right by their constituents, no the monied interests.
This is an onion article right? WTF.
Are you going to stop governing like an extreme right Republican, then?
You are so weak hope you lose to in primary
"ANY VERMONT INDEPENDENTS SHOULD REALLY THINK ABOUT SIGNING THIS PLEDGE

YEP"
Shook
They don't put you in office. How about pledging to vote in your constituents interests? What a tool.
You may represent WV but your votes with Republicans against the Democratic agenda affects us across. Esp POC so no thanks
Democrats Pledge to not assist challengers to incumbent GOP is Democrats pledge to permanent GOP majority.
Dems promise to lose.
This makes NO SENSE. You wouldn't campaign against a lying hypocritical, power-hungry Mitch McConnell? Protecting your own is the problem!
If you need a pledge, it means you are afraid your constituents prefer the other candidate. Sad day for you. Good day for your constituents.
Act like a Democrat and you won't get primaried. Act like a Republican with a D after your name and you will. It's that simple, Senator.
So you are pledging NOT to listen to the majority of voters who want the DEMS to move back left and NOT be GOP LITE. OK then. Buh-bye.
Please, switch parties already!!
