You'll say anything to elected in your state!  You have sold your dignity and there are no returns!
You try being a democrat in West Virginia.
Sen. Joe, follow the lead of Jim Justice, Jr.  Switch to Repubilcan---please.
Your surrender to Trump sad attempt to save your ass in http://WVA.Republican  tax reform same old joke-more for rich & corps,less for rest
Sen. JoeManchin is a snake, in the grass.
Vote to lower taxes. Don't worry about working together
Do something to help WV business climate!
With all these stupid comments on here from ego filled ignorant dolts this picture explains it all so enjoy the next few years.
Joe - so quick to run to the cameras to say you want to work together, but you Never Do. How long do you think you can Fool your voters?
Rich people got a tax cut under Reagan from 70% to 35% rich people last year paid 8-25% of income .while middle class 30-45% of income
Why not talk about this Joe?You know out of both sides of your mouth as you profit from pharma w/Heather http://salem-news.com/articles/september112017/purdue-pharma-killer-children-msp.php …
Manchin and family known as WV biggest criminals ever
When are you going to join your Governor and officially announce your changing to republican? You and trumpy deserve each other
Federal state and city income ,property and state taxes ,Obamacare middle class is paying 30-45 percent.
I guess your agree that the Trump family and their business should get a tax break. You are misleading your state
Manchin is misleading Democrats. He shld be primaried; abusing a Democrat seat.
I see you drank the Kool aid #TrumpRussia #liarinchief
Manchin shld not be referred to as Democrat.He's going to sell us out to Trump.
Great interview with Charlie Rose. We need all of the Senate to work for the good of the country as you have demonstrated.
Hopefully you will oppose any tax reform until Trump releases his own taxes
Time to jump on it!Govt Of the People, By the People and For the People. Whatever happened to that.I grew up in WV with that truth engrained
Some seniors pay more the 45%
CORPORATION DO NOT PAY HIGHEST TAX RATE ON EARTH. AFTER DEDUCTIONS THEY PAY ZERO OR GET BACK. MY TAXES ARE EZ
Lies lies lies. More commie lies
NATO Joe Manchin! No action, talk only! Nancy Fellatio mouthing off again ! Pun intended! 
Always good to learn whoreing comes naturally.
WV ranks 48th for transportation infrastructure. Same rank for median wage. They have the 4th lowest fed tax burden of any state.
But by all means, Joe, cut that $4,000/yr tax bill, I'm sure that's what's holding you back. Not rampant opioid abuse or crumbling schools.
What have you done so far, nothing
Change the tax brackets and help out with student debt!
You are 45s little token "Dem". He owns you
Tax reform means tax cuts for the rich. I can't wait to see you primaried and voted out.
Any Democrat who works w/Trump a known bigot,racist & Russian operative shld be primaried.
Please remember  95% of what Trump says are lies. Examine the details carefully yourself before endorsing.  I trust you don't sell us out.
Joe I'm a Republican but you Sir make me proud to say I'm an American.  We must put ego's aside and work as one for the good of the country.
Oh come on, YOU WENT TO NICE DINNER and TRUMP assures you that it's NOT A TAX BRAKE FOR THE RICH!  LIE #643. Trump is a fucking bullshitter
Don't do it. Trump is a con man and will be conned.
Twenty percent tax for businesses will not make us competitive tax cuts for rich, while middle class 70% in debt
Really discussing your icecream on all the news channels. @Sen_JoeManchin #deplorable you have zero integrity.
The only thing that creates jobs is increased DEMAND. Tax cuts for corporations just increase the debt. ECON 101.
Saw you on @CNN this morning. We don't care you got a perfectly shaped egg ice cream. Stop colluding with the Russian president
Joe if u make a deal with the devil. U WILL GET THE HORN.. BANK ON IT.....
YOU are a FAKE DEMOCRAT! Why don't you become a Republican already and stop with this BS?
Resign. You're an embarrassment

Serious bipartisan effort? As senior democrat on tax writing committee, my invite must've gotten lost in the mail https://twitter.com/politico/status/907712919860805634 …
Glad you had fun with the pussy grabbing racist, did y'all have dinner with your hoods on or off
.@Sen_JoeManchin Lies! Taxes have been cut 30+yrs & rich Corps dont even pay that rate! Wealth GAP only grew! Same ol Gop mantra from a Dem
Here's your balls Senator, you seem to have lost them!
I sincerely wish that POTUS could speak as logically and intelligently as you do. You make sense and he goes all around and around. IMPEACH
Senator Judas Iscariot! You believe the bullshit you were fed last night? You know the GOP sees you as a weak vulnerable hayseed.
if u believe for 1min trump is not reducing tax for rich or corporations ur a liar & a fool IT NEVER TRICKLES DOWN... BE A MAN
Stay on track sir!!! Be the leader you are!!
"Fiscally responsible, socially compassionate"--that's the path forward.
So all it takes is to buy you dinner to get you vote?
Now! Now! Now!  You need some Andy of Mayberry in your life!!
So I guess Joe signaling he's decided that only rich people deserve tax cuts
#PaulaJean2018
Any tax reform that takes deductions away from low & middle income families to give massive tax cuts to wealthy is an abomination
Mention DACA and how important it is to our country.
#NotOnePenny to the 1% or no deal
I'd make it the 5% for sure! Any entrepenuer below that may need it and might create a job. The 1%? Goes offshore
#zerotaxes30k #TAXTIMEUSA @stevenmnuchin1 @FLOTUS @DiamondandSilk @ThePolitiChicks @AEI
What are you doing to get to the bottom of Russia violating US sovereignty? Rs are doing everything in their power to obstruct justice!
It would be a great place to announce your support for #MedicareForAll too. Hint hint.
Move together in a bipartisan manner would be great. A step in right direction.
