very disappointed . Shouldn't even be voting until the Russian investigation is concluded. Not what his constituents want
.  Let's focus on who is currently in the Whitehouse shall we. One corruption at a time.
yeah. Great president who avoided meeting with vets. And GOP who vote against funds for vets
Nice shiny new bot account 
I say some real stuff and they blocked me. Hahahah amazing.
How about the urgent need to NOT confirm the nominee of a known Russian Agent? #NoGorsuch #FilibusterGorsuch #Russiagate #Trumprussia
If Gorsuch has any sense he'll step aside so as not to be tainted.
I don't think it's a matter of sense. I think he's a true believer extremist, with his sexist "Handmaid's Tale" vision for America.
Oh, not a Renaissance man then :-)
#Gorsuch is an extremist freak who refuses to meet with female Senators who are voting on his appointment. (But he meets w/the guys.)
Oh.  Must have been brought up reading Jane Austen.
This nominee does not deserve our support. PERIOD!
traitor
Welcome to RRR (Republican Republic Of Russia)! How can you support ANY nominee from a president under FBI investigation?
On FOX ? Well that explains who you are kissing up to. Traitor if you vote for Gorsuch. He will not protect miners, or workers!!
#uwork4uz
You should oppose Gorsuch. He's an enemy of working people.
The fact you are on Faux news says it all about your real intentions. Do you care about what your voters want? apparently not.
#uwork4us
DISGRACEFUL.  SHAME ON YOU!
Joe Manchin can mine more shit nuggets out of DTs asshole as he completely lost sight that this is an illegitimate POTUS and his SCOTUS pick
No votes until the Russian investigation is over! Taking the easy way out. Support what is right for Americans. Fox News?
Please get out of the Dem party. You are not a Democrat, never have been. You are only concerned with reelection.
Joe you must vote NO!  We need SCOTUS that works for the people not corporations. He's creepy too!
http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/PCMVe …  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/02/us/politics/gorsuch-supreme-court-democrats.html … @Impeach_D_Trump @TheDemCoalition @HouseJudDems @POTUS44 @HouseJudDems @France4Hillary
You already made a mistake voting for a racist liar ...you're suppose to be a champion of the ppl. Joe you cant keep the ppl down.
#of course you were on fox, with your friends.
Why do you hate America?
Always voting against ur @TheDemocrats party! @Sen_JoeManchin #NoGorsuch until end FBI invstgtn #PauseThisPOTUS @kilmeade @foxandfriends
U need 2 get out of @TheDemocrats party @Sen_JoeManchin How much U $$ ugettng fr ur daughters drug co? Stickw/prty @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Republicans would have howled and obstructed if reverse. You need to look at that, GOP. Bad set-up.
Vote no on any appointee for the stolen set that is not far left!
Do right by your people in WV and vote no on Gorsuch. He's for corporations not the people Bad 4 us
Gorsuh is a liar & will never vote to protect  the people over business interests.  Protect WV, DO NOT SUPPORT GORSUCH!
Please consider Gorsuch refused 2 answer simple questions w simple answers. We deserve more. 2 many secrets N this Admin already. #NoGorsuch
Senator,  you are no Democrat. You put to shame Judge Garland and President Obama.
Which Gorsuch would gut anyway.
Please, do not vote yes on a SCOTUS pick by a President under investigation by FBI for TREASON until investigation complete!!!
If you wanted to protect miners you wouldn't be rolling back safety regs. #BoughtandPaidFor
Sir, please do everything in your power to stop this nomination.
What's to stop blocking confirmation of SCJs over politics from happening again? Nothing: It will.
GORSUCH WILL SIDE WITH BIG BUSINESS AND SCREW THE LITTLE GUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don't call yourself a Dem you are GOP
Fox is InfoWars2 they both  blatant liars the Republican party is the Russian party of traitors
that's all you had to say FoxNews more like #StateNews the network who lies there asses off
DINO
For crying out loud! Go become a Republican! You should never even think about this while @POTUS  is being investigated!
Do NOT vote for SCOTUS' candidate. We will fund another democratic candidate in your district.
#Fox? #loser
Disgusting.
thank you senator.  :)
Might as well change parties. Fox lies 60% of the time which puts you in their league. 
"Shameful Bad or Sick guy".
You think Gorsuch will protect miners? He didn't protect truckers! #StopGorsuch
I am very proud of you. A mark of a great man or woman is when they serve the best interest of all people. Good choice.
Allowing more waste into rivers is the best thing for everyone?
To appear on any Fox News show is disgraceful. Faux News.
You belong on Fox.
How sad.
U SOLD OUT JOE! TELL US HOW MUCH HAS #GOP #PUTIN PAID U 2 FLIP?? U R NOT A #DEM u LACK NUTS
you should stand with your party. You should not consider a scotus pick until the Russia questions have been answered.
He is standing with his party because a democrat leader  wouldn't ignore what his constituents want!
Joe you need to step up, stop Schumer. Bring Dems back to center. Perhaps U run POTUS
#TheDemocrats need to support agenda voted for in West Virginia
Senator ur failure 2 stand w/Democrats 2 oppose Corp judge Gorsuch guarantees ull have a primary /2
opponent, not beholden 2 ur corp donors. #UpdateUrResume cuz ur #UrSeatAintSafe @IndivisibleTeam
Gorsuch will defend Trump and will destroy my civil rights.
We can thank Joe for losing all our human rights!
.... very disappointed you will vote for Gorsuch.  He is phony.  We don't want him.
and  are you giving a yes vote to Gorsuch in exchange for your bill getting passed? #alwaysaprice
VOTE YES FOR GORSUCH!!
Yea I heard on @SIRIUSXM....you did not directly answer one question they asked you..#fencerider
harry Reid created the nuclear vote Joe
TRUTH. Don't be biased
but was daily news when Hillary was running for office.  WV and miners don't matter now. Fox-CNN
Fox hasn't said anything about the miners who are going to be without health care....
very disappointed in your decision to vote for Gorsech.
The "miners protection act", is a false play in words! It's a trick to keep miners from working!
No, it's a bill to fund health & pension benefits for retired & disabled miners.If not passed, their health benefits will terminate 4/30/17.
Fox News ????? We know who your audience is
51 votes on everything 
Don't even talk to a democrat
You're the only good Dem left, sir. I applaud you standing against the majority of your party.
Thanks for opposing the filibuster!
.@Sen_JoeManchin @kilmeade @foxandfriends W/respect sir - why are you even a #Democrat!? Mystifying. #ProgressivePatriot #Resistance 
Senator Manchin should start campaigning for President. He's a man of the people!
you won't win re election!
Keep voting with the Repubs...you have a re-election campaign coming up, don't you?
are they a stupid as they act?
#blockgorsuch. #StopGorsuch #filibuster Pence makes promises to Manchin he can't keep. #resist
ask a woman if Gorsuch is a decent man. Ask a working man if he is. He ain't! Manchin is a puppet
Good news because Joe is Trump's puppet! He's such a Traitor
Hopefully @POTUS will pass this act, it is important to our miners.@realdonaldtrump
No it isnt
why don't U people do what is right for WE the PEOPLE than party?
Am sickened by all of it
#DINO
Seems to be a good person trying to do right
"Two wrongs don't make a right" GMAB! The Dems did this to themselves! Elections have consequences
and the biggest consequence of all, SCOTUS! It got DJT elected. Only a no cloture vote saves Senate
Good to know there are some common sense Democrats? Support @POTUS #MAGA
Please, please leave the Democratic Party.  Go over to the dark side where you belong!
So it's okay with you that Obama's appointment didn't even get a hearing, Senator?
Apparently you didn't bother to listen to the interview...
amazing the grief people give you for defending WV industry. Your just trying to help govern responsibly.
dead industries don't need support.
I really believe this guy is good!  That from an independent voter.  He wants to actually work!
good for him if only the other cry baby DEMS had hid attitude they could all work together
Be honest, natural gas has taken over coal which cannot sustain jobs, and will be gone in 10 years.
I guess he wants to be reelected
Joe is. Sure a good guy
Thanks for long-term vision on 60-vote rule. So you can see not voting on Garland lacks same vision
scumbag DINO.
TIME TOO STOP THE DEMOCRATIC SIT IN. REPEATED EFFORTS TO OBSTRUCT AND RESIST IS PARTY AND POLITICS.
You better become a Republican & stop parading yourself as a Democrat. We will vote you out, if you vote for this nominee, period.
APPROVE #SCOTUS and let's get on with the business of #MAGA. We are sick of these politics!
Coal miners are a small minority in this country. Protecting their jobs is not fiscally responsible
Senator, you're a true voice for doing whats best for the United States of America and it's people.
Traitor!
Error, sir. This will set up poisoning our water for a long time as he sides with frackers down the road. Corporate tool.
Minors Protection.
did u know judges can be impeached?
Great Job Senator all we can do is ask thst you vote your heart
thanks so much senator
stream protection rule was 2 protect people, environment-we need new jobs/training not more coal!
grow hemp- new markets-clean renewable- Solar/Wind jobs-where is help for these? Fracking killed coal-not EPA- Fracking will kill us too
Joe, please change parties. Democrats, which you say you are, shouldn't attack Democrats. Pls stop
Sen. Manchin has the bernie problem of referring to democrats as "they" not "we."
at this point there is an urgent need to pass a Human Race Protection Act.
voice of reason. D.C. should take notes.
How can you support a vote while there are serious questions about Trump's legitimacy?
