Please please please stop this mistake. Don't vote for her.
With all due respect, what we've been doing isn't working. Let's try something else.
There's a reason ppl are calling their representatives in droves about this woman. Research her impact in Michigan.
just because what you're doing isn't working, doesn't mean DeVos is the right alternative.
Agreed, but we won't know until we try. Not being snarky, but do the Dems have anyone they like?
I haven't heard anyone throw other names out; even if they did, I dont think the input would be used
Sadly this is true. I wish gov't could get over themselves & actually HELP America
agreed! We have serious issues to fight. No one wants to be seen as weak by working with other side.
Glad you don't support her.
Every person in Congress probably puts their kid in private school. Inner city schools failing School choice!
What You Heard Sen Was The Teachers Union. Mid-Terms Coming, Enjoy Your Last Days.
and others of us believe she is the RIGHT person
WAKE UP
school choice good for wvwould have greatly helped my children. IN FAVOR of Davis.
Bigger issue here is how involved fed should be in first place.  Seems to me states are better to do what works for them
first of all do thes people have school age children and the person who referred to #IDEA do they have a #disabled student
Where's pics of all your constituents supporting Sessions?  eh??
didn't you hear from anyone about Sessions?  SHAME ON YOU.
Public schools failing. Can't fire bad teachers "dance of the lemons" shuffle off bad ones to other schools. School choice!
Senator, this sure looks like WV Teachers Union.  Lets do what's best for students all across the country.
You will not be re-elected. Everyone I know is planning to vote you out of office for good. We've had enough! @EvanJenkinsWV
thanks for listening to reason
let me guess ... you received 0 complaints, no backlash at all regarding Sessions? Your a LIAR. Do us a favor, go republican

too bad Capito wasn't listening. Thank you for voting NO in our interest.
I don't care about her. I want Trump's SC nominee passed though
My daughter improved her education in WV by taking online classes instead of in-school. Lax standards have failed our kids!
I like you Senator, but you are going to be on the wrong side of this. Trump won WVA by 40+.  The people voted for a reason.
School choice, vouchers, charter schools, etc... are a move to improve education. Our education system in WV is pathetic!
We are lucky for your service. You are the only Democrat that is not a liberal fascist. Please help us restore america.
I am a teacher and I do not support #devos

BREAKING NEWS:  Senator Chuck Schumer
SCHUMER  Calls For Muslim Refugee Ban  !
VIDEO PROOF  ! 
...none of us are. we need @RealBetsyDeVos leading our education system. she will not be swayed as others have been. please
...to none. search for your self. her whole life has been devoted to better edu for our children. shes not perfect, but ...
dear sir do not be swayed by the repeating of the mantra. our schools need @BetsyDeVos her devotion 2 children is next...
vote no Joe not good for WV children and generations to come!
@cjobell 
Don't listen to the union Joe. Do the right thing.
@cjobell 
I contacted you in support of her. Where is my email? I have an autistic son. I want choice
@cjobell 
They don't recruit teachers with special ed to teach autistic kids here in Kanawha Co. Much less autism certified
just because of the teachers unions, get them out of here
you are a good man and I wish you were my senator.  I live in WA State and have no faith in mine.
"NO" on B.D.  She would be a disaster for public education!!
Thank you for not supporting Devos.
so this means you will be voting no unlike every other Yes?
THANK YOU - From a WV Mom. We can't afford to gamble!
thank you sir, we need professional educators in this position not billionaires with NO experience
@SenSchumer Vote No DeVos. Unqualified, inexperienced.Put best interest of our children AHEAD of Big Donors.
why are you pretending! Confirm DeVos! We will remember in 2018. Not everyone in WV is a public school teacher!
that's not what everyone said!we want change and #DeVos represents change!!
please! For the love of God, do not confirm her!
just remember 68% of WV voted for Trump and we will remember you, vote for Betsy Devos, forget the teachers union
Please vote against Betsy DeVos!!
we support Betsy DeVos.
voted for oil billionaire tillerson and plans to vote for gorsuch! West Virginia please remember in 2018!
Folks are just intimidated by public school competition.
please do what's best for WV, vote NO!!! Out State is too poor to take a chance on her.
Thank you.
I urge you to vote no on DeVos!
We support Betsy DeVos and Judge Gorsuch
how about persuading Senator Capito to go along with you on voting NO on DeVos?
You HEARD them but id you listen? What is our final stance? Can we count on your vote to not destroy the future of our kids?
thank you for sharing! I grew up in WV and thank you for your work!
how many are public school teachers?
yet @SenCapito could care less what West Virginians have to say
whomever is appointed the Secretary of Education should be an advocate for the public education system - not its nemesis.
I think #Devos would be great for education
thank you for listening, Senator!!
vote no Joe, NO!!!
Please don't confirm her.
Vote NO on Betsy DeWrong
DeVos is sorely unqualified and she not only gave to Trumps campaign she greased Rep Senators hands. INAPPROPRIATE SHADY
thank you Joe!!
#DumpDevos She has no experience or understanding of the needs of the public school system.
vote no
thank you for standing with WV Teachers and families. Share these with @SenCapito #DumpDevos #VoteNoDevos
Thank you Senator Manchin for listening to the voice of those you represent.
I agree! She is not qualified to head public education.
We need to get back to the basics.  If I student can read, Wright and do math they can do anything.  Start this in early.
I would appreciate it if you voted for her.   We need changes in education.
If the teachers Unions don't want her that is a clear signal she is good to shake things and #MAGA
you voted for  Obamas picks like Kerry who was disasterous at State. DJT has a right to have his cabinet in place. DeVos yes
I believe in school choice and I do not think she is a good choice.
Okay let's waste more time on this BS Tell us who do u want for the job and then we can get on about fixing the country
and????? What are you doing about it
That's unfortunate. WV needs higher standards & opportunity in schooling.
. Thank you for listening to the voices of those you represent.  Our children, our future, depend on it.
Well done, Senator! I appreciate this.
Thank you, sir, for listening to your constituents. #thisisntaboutpolitics
I don't agree with those thoughts.  WV is last in education in this country.  How can we go backwards from last place?
she is unqualified.  Urge @SenCapito to vote no.
We have lost state $ & student pop.  Time to change--we r close to deficit. Randolph Co.
Yeah Joe.  Do all you can to protect our 45th ranking in the US.  Together , we can get to 50th.  Go sell some epipens
Thank you for standing against #DeVos. Can you talk some sense into @SenCapito
no...you heard from the AFT and NEA, i wonder whose interests they have in mind.. teachers or students?
are you trying to say she would be good for this state? Wrong
so vote no
8 Years of Senate Dems vote 4 Obam's Sec Ed Arnie = US Students Dead Last in Science & Math while we pay $90k per student!
#VoteYesDeVos
remember Joe Joe..2018 elections..
dont pander to the teacher's unions Joe. 68% of WV voted for Trump so things could be changed. Hillary was union's choice.
how's that Trump shit working out for you now?  Does he coal ash in your water taste good?
Thank you for listening!
with among the lowest ACT scores in the nation, status quo is acceptable.   If teachers made more money they would go up.
Constituent. Thanks for your stand. Public schools need someone who knows something about public schools.
glad to see your move to the GOP might not be imminent.
Senator, the entire slate of Trump nominees is likely to do this country a lasting disservice. #voteno
Yeah, well what about the 1000's that you have heard from that oppose her? Where do you stand? Grow a pair! Tell us, please
were most teachers being afraid of being held to a standard? The last 20 Sec of Ed sure haven't helped
I say if the teachers' unions hate her, then vote for Devos. WV couldn't be any worse than we are now. #NoMore49
yeah they could. A coal Barron that refuses to pay bills could be governor. Oh wait that already happened
I totally agree with them that Betsy DeVos would be bad for Public Education.  Vote NO please.
As a parent of a son about to go each public high school, please do not let DeVoa be confirmed. Farce.
You did before Robert Byrd died!
Go ahead and stay in bed with @SenSchumer But it won't be for long you will get voted out on two years!Pack your bags like
how about you share this with capito?
Thank you, that expresses my concerns as well !
@SenToomey, but then Joe didn't receive $60K from the DeVos fam. Pure dirty politics, this is why you've got to go. @MSNBC
Meaning Toomey has to go. When you receive these monetary contributions to your political campaign from #DeVos.
Devos will open doors for states to move away from the stranglehold they are now under. Confirm her.
Don't believe them Joe....She is right for the job...
don't listen to the special needs folks like chuck here. I'm sure something shiny will distract him soon enough
@POTUS ARE SO SICK OF BEING LAST IN EDUCATION
AGREED!!!!  Especially in WV!! Last in ED, Heath, etc.  Geez Joe get a backbone!!!!
Get that and guts to do what ThePeopleWant #NotUnions Sick So Sick of your lies Manchin your a trader!
Show some courage make a clear definitive statement of where you stand.
like this
@POTUS We say Confirm Betsy Mr Manchin! I actually wondered when you would show your true colors! WV Needs Betsy BAD! We are
Guess the Folks are Happy with Mediocrity  Stupid Kids   a Continued Need To Bust Their Ass in a Hole  In The Ground.SORRY
and what do you say Joe your the one votes on her. We just get to vote on you
This is not what we are saying in Mercer County.  Vote to confirm the presidents cabinet.
as a WV constituent please add my voice to what you are seeing and hearing
She would #MakeAmericaDumbAgain
