please change your description,  you don't support us,  you support the Democratic teacher who didn't want Devos
please vote against her
Thank you for supporting education by voting no against DeVos. @Sen_JoeManchin
Yes!!!
You're not fooling anyone. This was an easy vote. The vote that showed your true colors was Jeff Session. #STAYWOKE y'all.
Your #SCOTUS pick also ruled against autistic kids having same educational rights as others. Case history readily avail.
He didn't say he supports him, just that the Senate's job is to vote yes or no.
And I was simply pointing out why he shouldn't support the pick. @Sen_JoeManchin
I agree, I took "Your SCOTUS pick" to mean you believed he did. He hasn't said. If I misunderstood, I apologize
Appreciate the civility, sir. Big autism rates here & wanted to point to the neg #Gorsuch stance on that. @Sen_JoeManchin
I oppose his politics also, and I am a Republican. I am also concerned about Hobby Lobby precedent.
yes well in his speech the other night he said his faith guides him. Why not the constitution?
To whom are you referring?
And what have all the insiders done for our public schools? Unions own Democrats and hate to see new ideas
Public education is broken.  Thanks to DOE.  The quickest way to fix it is to start over.
What's the point of this? It is over. She is in.
I thought she was, then saw I was wrong.
We will wait to see HOW you VOTE! Talk is cheap
So happy to see you stand up for WV and US. Stop these horrible nominees.
I called her horrible. You might need help with your reading skills.
will be reviewing the vote of Betsy Devos. @KellyannePolls depending on vote I can help in 2018. @BobLeahyJr
2018 can't get here fast enough #joemustgo
I hope you can find another crack in the republican wall and keep DeVos out!!  Thanks from PA.
thank you for that
We need only one more vote in opposition of DeVos.  Please reach out to Senator Capito. Thank you
DeVos has no knowledge of the field she's supposed to lead. No reasonable person would confirm her.
Thank you...Please Vote NO and persuade @SenCapito to do the same !
You're bought and paid for! Good grief!
Thank you for voting NO to Devoy. now please urge your GOP colleagues to do the same!!
you lie.   You will vote for her like you did Tillerson!  You must be replaced!
In regard to education, you either support the teachers' union OR you support the kids.  You can't support both.
From a WV teacher with 30 years experience, thank you!
WV public schools ranked 46 out of 50. http://www.tristateupdate.com/story/26089075/new-data-ranks-west-virginia-46th-in-education …
Thank you
Amen Brother now you're talking.
thank you for protecting our students and education system from an incompetent plagiarizer trying to buy her way #noDevos
if we could only get @ShelleyCapito to vote for WV kids and their future! #dowhatisright
traitor
Thank you for seeing #DeVos $200 million to Republican campaigns bought her the post: to deregulate-eliminate public schools
now Trump tabs Falwell to Education to deregulate = eliminate public schools. Will muslim students or democrats be allowed?
.@Sen_JoeManchin Thank You for standing up for children, education and the future. #PLAGIARISM is cheating.
thank you for standing up for West Virginia and the nations children!
THANK YOU! This woman is ridiculously unqualified & has bought her way into a shot @ the job. #CORRUPTION #DumpDevos #RESIST
thank you for recognizing that she is unqualified for this position!
Thank you for NOT supporting her! Remember, we're grading you, too. #Election2018
Vote to confirm DeVos.  It's time for poor and working class parents to have a choice in their children's education.
Under the current system, only the wealthy have a meaningful choice about the school their children may attend.
looks like your WV report card
THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
Vote NO!  She's ridiculously unqualified for the position.
Thank you Senator Manchin. WV's students, parents and educators deserve better than #DeVos
Betsy DeVos has no record in WV to have failed  but yet your Teacher's Union does have full responsibility for failure
Our schools are already failed but yet you want to stay with same ol same ol Definition of insanity Shake it up w new way
thank you for putting our schools, students, and educators first #VoteNoDevos
Thank you!
Thank you for supporting the children, teachers, and our education system in WV!
why did you vote YEA to proceed with her nomination? ? Hope your constituents are keeping tabs.
I respectfully disagree
need to stand strong on Betsy DeVos  , making Public Schools better is the way to help the families of WV.
One thing you got right    #StopDeVos
Thanks. DeVos is a know nothing.
WV is the worst state in the U S in education.   Maybe her views are good.  We need major changes.  Vote for her.
You are being fooled and you won't win re election in 2018. Trump won your state and he is doing great things for the USA
tell that to your republican buddies please
You are making a big mistake with your view on Devos.Teacher Unions went online & told them to harass you to not confirm her
Thank you. Tried to call you, but it wouldn't take messages.
#vote no forWV
Yes for DeVos. She has great ideas for reforming our failing schools giving kids options for good education.
Thank you for voting with America on Education!
please confirm #DeVos for Sec of Ed!!!!!
Thank you for putting children first.
please urge others to prevent total disaster for those who need that leg up in public school
oh and tillerson did? Shame on you for voting YES
Please stay firm and continue to oppose the confirmation of Betsy Devos!  #noDevos
uhhh....I don't know if you've noticed but our WV public schools SUCK!!
speak for yourself http://www.greatschools.org/west-virginia/wheeling/ohio-county-schools/ …
WV public schools ranked 46 out of 50. Yeah, that's awesome. http://www.tristateupdate.com/story/26089075/new-data-ranks-west-virginia-46th-in-education …
Keep WV schools mediocre and voters ignorant.
go with the liberal Joe you'll not get my vote
That is because WV is for UNIONS Govt schools not private or public where learning really takes place. FedUp with PC-BS
If you need public education #DeVos needs to be a no vote by Sen Joe She is ready to close public schools bye teachers
I'm sorry you won't vote for @BetsyDeVos but I have more respect for U than anyone else in government 
while I don't agree with your decision, I appreciate you putting forth your reasoning.
thank you!!!!!
thank you. hope your colleague @SenCapito joins you to save public education.
if you vote yes on this scum you can kiss any and all political career Goodbye
Thank you for protecting public schools with your NO vote on DeVos. I appreciate your doing due diligence.
Public schools don't educate; they indoctrinate
Thank you Senator Manchin for coming down on the right side for West Virginia's children.
#ThankYou for standing up for #Democracy #Children #PublicSchools and the #Future of #OurNation #NoDeVos #DeVos #Unqualified
@RandPaul Surely what's too bad for WV, is too bad for KY? #indivisibleky
Thanks for listening to your wife
Thank you for following the will of your constituents on this matter. DeVos' policies would bring harm to rural WV schools.
thank you
quis·ling
noun
a traitor who collaborates with an enemy force occupying their country.
Tillerson? Really?  What a pitiful quisling you've turned out to be.
vote no! Bad for education! Don't ruin our schools! Please listen!
Thank you for #VoteNoDevos - You are protecting our US education system for #WV and the rest of the country!
Glad you voted against her. American school's will suffer. And that means our children will suffer.
you don't make the grade as a senator!!!
GREAT DECISION.  BETSY DEVOS WOULD HAVE RUINED PUBLIC EDUCATION AS WE KNOW IT TODAY.
What about the AYE on Tillerson. BTW how's your daughter? Spending that $18M of Epi-Pen money wisely?ExxonMobil stock maybe?
hey Senator, you should know better, is GOVERNMENT school, not Public
Advocates for public schools should be a disqualification.  She wants a fresh approach and we NEED it.
doesn't pass the truthful and honest test.
Tillerson shouldn't either, until we know about Russia.  You should have rejected him too.  Please stand up for us!
Well the system in WV is great! Keep doing the same thing; that is really working
Vote no on DeVos!
I'm looking for a rental in DC two years from now, since your place will be vacant then I'd appreciate first crack at it.
and still passed through 12-11 50+million kids will be ruined now what's wrong w repubs are they scared of trump DISGUSTING
to suggest she can ruin public schools more often King is pure stupidity.
wanting to take funds from public schools and thinking teachers make2much alone is an insult!! You'll see keep watching
thank you for opposing DeVos. please continue to act for the people.
Thank you for protecting education & supporting our youth! #FutureGenerationsofAmerica
thank you.
please vote against her! She's bad news for education!
- She doesn't pass WV standards? Your system in WV is complete failure and getting worse. Ask your wife.
What about Tillerson? Did his ties  to Russia matter to you? You clearly don't speak, act or vote on behalf of the people
THANK YOU for opposing DeVos. She has no place in education #WV #EducationIsNotForSale
West Virginia is dead last in everything good and first in everything bad! Democrats have ran this state for too long!
Where do we rank nationally in education.
So have you visited McDowell County? Then tell me we don't need change.
Educate Educate Educate. We need a new approach. Obviously!!!@HouseDemocrats @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
You're absolutely right!  Protect WV Public Schools and vote no on DeVos!
education is so dam terrible please tell me. You don't want to keep it the same. Look from the 80s till now. Need change
AS MUCH AS I'D LIKE 2 HAVE ALL OF TRUMPS NOM'S GET IN, DEVOS IS NOT BEST FOR OUR COUNTRY!  MY HEART SAYS MOVE TO SOME 1 ELSE
Thank you for placing WV kids over money & politics. My family is glad to know you will oppose her outrageous nomination.
Thank you for voting against DeVoss .
thank u thank u thank u....good man! Wise man! Next up....no to @ScottPruittOK...it's elementary!! It's common sense!!
saw u w Andrea Mitchell. So please you will vote no on Devos!!
Yet will you stop this nomination? Fight Fight Fight harder. Speak louder.
and what did Obama's Sec Ed do for WV?
Vote no on all nominees, none are good for WV.
mark my words sir, change to Republican party or your job ends soon.. #coalwinsnotdems
@Lindsay05946319   A very poor choice.  Save our public education.
Given: poor literacy, problems with schools, poor grammar everywhere, perhaps you should reconsider. Charter schools for WV!
Public schools are a joke. Schools should have competition; improves quality in edu on board. Remember, WV ranks 49 in edu.
America's public school system doesn't make the grade - you betray the children of West Virginia by opposing a reformer
she sucks. But you need to help the education system in WV. Numerous reasons why I left that being part of it
better watch it election less than 2 years away
Thank you! True Public schools have made America great. DeVos would undermine them.
Thank you!!!!!!!!
Protect one of the worst systems in the US.  Coward!  WV education so far behind.  Please specify time on your epipen career
this looks like the average WV public school report card. It also looks like the dems earned grades njob creation & prolife
hey dummy - THE KIDS IN WV DO NOT MAKE THE GRADE just ask our 49th ranking under YOU and EARL RAY governorships. JOKE
Thank you for voting NO on DeVos.
Wrong Senator, your a Union hack.  It's our kids that will continue to suffer
Sir, I've seen nothing that you have done to contribute to our education here in WV.
The current system is not working...time for a change
Thank you!
WOW - did not take you long to sell out -
The man is all about selling out.
Thank you, she is unqualified to serve.
WV has some of the lowest ACT scores in the nation.  A change is needed.  She couldn't do much worse.  Come on, Joe!
Former Miss Teen South Carolina is more qualified —
sorry to hear this
donating 2 hundred millions should not be reason to give anybody the privilege  to run such important institution.CROOK GOP
Betsy DeVos is anti-union.  This looks like Teachers Union propaganda.  Really? Sen Manchin.
Totally correct Anthony.
Thank you Sen Manchin! We need all the help we can get!
He just voted for Tillerson. He's spineless.
Not in TX either but Cruz and Cornyn have full voicemail boxes. Thank you for opposing DeVos.
that's my boy Joe. I'm so proud of you.
