@partyofthepeopl This will be the only Democratic Senator re-elected! It's about the people and NOT either party!
Maybe Ben Carson will be good at his job. He does have Steve Harvey to help. 
Rude.
and?
Obviously you have not educated yourself. You have no idea how Carson will screw up HUD
and Trump bringing in Steve Harvey just proves this administration is cuckoo. Get real.
You'd rather score political points than support experienced ppl regardless of party .
You'd rather has the status quo, the type of ppl who let our inner cities to slip into extreme poverty?
how on earth is a brain surgeon qualified for that position? Surgeon General maybe. 
#resist the #DINO
they need #BenCarson to examine #Clinton's head.
I'm sure MLK and the Civil Rights workers would have been labeled the same w/this administration 
Blk folks know y'all scared. As we grow stronger, you cower in fear of blk mothers seeking justice
You think we don't know why the GOP hates Obama so much. Naive to think it's about politics? 
Ben Carson wants to get rid of the Fair Housing Act. Poor veterans will get screwed. What a dumb choice for HUD Secretary.
yes and where's your statement on Sessions????? #ThursdayThoughts
Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) said "it's not unusual 4 senators to meet with ambassadors".his statement on Sessions
Not unusual to meet w/them, then lie about it, then hold press conference, then lie again. 
this one is embarrassing
Thanks. An amazing man.
Thank you. Do not let the Dems pull you down, be true to yourself!
Was Ben awake when he was confirmed? Manchin is a Right Wing Harvester of mountains who don't give 2 shits about WV. DINO.
are you sure you're a democrat?
the guy who called slaves immigrants who worked hard for less. Brilliant. #journeytothedarkside
how do you sleep at night
Carson has no experience to lead HUD. We will remember your voting record when we vote in 2018! @indivisibleteam
Dr. Carson will do an wonderful job! His life story tells how he grew up in projects/inner cities as a child. God bless him!
You are truly a whack job.  That guy is a nit wit!
I'm a disabled sr living in HUD housing- I fear Carson may end up hurting those of us who are SAFE FOR THE MOMENT.
that's OK  ur a Republican anyway
@AP. Pelosi is already calling for his resignation, claiming she has a photo of him putting Russian dressing on his salad.
GREAT!! Now it's time to confirm Neil Gorsuch to the SCOTUS. @Sen_JoeManchin @thegodmother213
You should start listening to constituents not corps who don't live here and won't suffer the consequences of ruined state
I have so much respect for Mr. Carson. Thank you for your vote for him. Our country will be better because of his examples.
republican posing as democrat
Very good. How can anyone not for Dr Carson?
Go...just go...
after your proud vote for Sessions all these statements are laughable It's clear where you stand: NOT with smart
Carson is woefully UNFIT for HUD Sec. and this will not benefit WV in anyway, shape, or form.
what the hell??????
DINO. Shameful.
Thank you, Senator.
I am so ashamed of you. You make West Virginia more of a laughing stock than we already are
honestly you need to just stop! No good reason. You will be "primaried" #resist
sorry Joe he thinks people should take care of themselves even tho he got assistance. Also how can surgeon help housing
I lived in West Virginia for a few years,you should be ashamed how you're representing the good "down home" people from WV.
you just keep voting for these people who either have no experience in their post or want to destroy that post.
Shame.
So no matter how unqualified, you just vote yes. Too bad.
hahahaha
do you even read these replies Carson has no quailifications for the job
Mr Manchin you seem to be a smart man! Why don't you leave the party of misfits an get the Trump train?
I hope they vote your ass out of office #pissed
target, defeat, and punish the Corporate #vichyDemocrats. Never forget never forgive.
he doesn't even understand the job he's being confirmed to? He has no idea about #WV and it's needs.. #PoorChoice
EGREGIOUS that you would vote to approve ANY of these people, sir.
Obviously, you drank the cool-aid. Can not imagine BC has any grasp of what is needed in WV. What were you promised?
hey remember when you broke party lines to vote Sessions? How did that work out?
That whole crew is illegitimate so it'll all come out in the wash.
You are a DINO. Please leave OUR party. You probably have met some russians like your buddy sessions. Join the repubs.
Once again thank you for your bipartisanship and putting country ahead of party. Thank you
don't need statement. Nobody surprised by your vote. When do u officially change parties?
Great work Mr. Manchin!
@justicedems @BrandNew535 are coming for you and all of the rest of the Corporate Democrats, Joe. #justus
I don't think he understands shit. but hey, party before country.
Carson is just another in a long list of inappropriate cabinet choices DE Voss, Pruitt, Sessions, Menuchin, Flynn, Ross WTF
the republican posing as a democrat strikes again
seriously aren't the Republicans doing enough damage on their own? Must you jump on their bandwagon?
not cool Joe. You are going to be sorry you soiled your reputation by attaching yourself to this administration
-What is process to change party affiliation? Are you considering it? Would be less disappointed if you had an R after name!
WOW!! Ur a traitor 2 Party & ur country. U'll b Primary-ed by a real DEMOCRAT. By then this traitorous Admin will b n jail!!
Ben Carson is just as qualified to be HUD secretary as you are qualified to be a Democrat.
Congratulations on being a patriotic American and proud West Virginian instead of a political hack like the other Democrats.
Why? Don't qualifications (or lack thereof) mean anything, Senator?
Your constituents should be absolutely ashamed of you. You have become nothing more than a surrogate for Trump.
you're up for re election next year,& turned your back on Democrats because WV is a Red State now, unfortunately.
Lived n Charleston - lots of family there. Interested in its well-being. Don't think Carson qualified. Admire him as surgeon
thank you sir!
Welp, you can add Carson to your list of voting for disastrous nominees. You're on a roll, you know that?
He is unqualified for any administrative position, as he mentioned, a true yellow Republican, switch
, @Sen_JoeManchin just gets alot from his position, and will not want to give it up.
are u joking?  I will be so happy to vote against next election.  U are not even pretending to take this seriously anymore.
Here's why:
didn't know that. Thanks for the article
#DINO
Sad, why don't you just change parties and be honest?
Rank&file wvdems don't want him, but leaership gives him power as a "good fundraiser"
Wow!  There's a big surprise, Trump lover that you are.  Come on 2018!  Bye bye, Joe Manchin!
our are such a jerk! This guy you confirmed has no clue what he is doing
@HUDgov why on earth do you think he will listen to the needs of rural America? He is not qualified for this position.
Thank you, Senator, for not adhering to the obstructionist tactics of others in the Democrat Party. You are a standup guy.
^5
Thank you for putting Americans first.
Believe he understands based on what? What, specifically, are his qualifications as HUD Sec? What are his plans?
SEN. MANCHIN MAY BE THE ONLY CLASS LEFT IN THE DEM PARTY. BEFORE TOO LONG HE WILL SWITCH TO REP. THINK HE IS PRETTY FED UP.
So your OK with confirming someone who is objectively not qualified for the job? Shame on you!
atta boy JoeDoing what's right 
It's a shame there are not more Democrats like you Joe. You are a model for the party.
you voted for Sessions, you're the poorest excuse for a Democrat ever.
REALLY DEMOCRAT MANCHIN ..UR GOOSE STEP IS SHOWING
You should be ashamed to call yourself a Democrat.
really needs to switch party's to become on the right team. Dems will work against him.

that's great Joe.. Now fix #WV. #Remember2018...
Repub Joe has never done anything for WV and he never will!

