Wow how awful 
 I cant beliebe u forgot about porto rico.  U need to help the children over there so they can grow up and be adults too
Don’t dump that poor little baby in daycare/preschool.Don’t abandoned that baby to a paid employee! Work is easy. Get tough raise your child

Thank you @FLOTUS for your compassion and grace! We appreciate all that you do for our country.

Really proud of your work
Wow for real
Ask Dr Laura to help you be a stay at home mommy! “In Praise I’d Stay At Home MomS”. Great book!

I totally agree! We as Daycare Owners/Operators are passionate about children. However, our Human Rights have been violated by The Ministry of Education,Ontario Canada
al pequeño lo cobija en sus brazos como una madre, refleja su naturalidad
Did you say HEALTHY?  Didn't hubby just EO to cut health care cause no one would vote for it-so he just decided to kill it himself? Hmmm?
Flotus you are an inspiration and a great role model.
Brown noser
Support First Lady!!
Please encourage mommies to raise their own children. The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world! No paid employee can be mommy!
Someone or something is undoing all of my retweets and likes on the first ladies Twitter account I don't know who or what to doing it but it's very frustrating even the letter I sent to the first lady at the White House I got a false letter back I don't understand why this is
Your Troll is working to destroy everything Obama did that was good. DT is a monster. Elephants & trophies? Shame on you all.
I love  the way Melania’s face lights up when she is around children.  We got the best for our First Lady!
It does, this is true. And sad they way it turns into a stoney, forced smile or abject sorrow when around her husband. 
I think you have the wrong analysis.  Remember she was a model and use to being photographed.  She is not sad and her smile is not forced.

This never made sence to me, what did he say or do to make that smile leave her face so quickly??
how ironic you'd mention happy and healthy... especially when your husband is taking away their health care and millions are suffering STILL from Irma and Maria.  But then,  its all fluff publicity isn't it?
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …




Giving is a blessing...the holidays remind us what it is all about
Little by little people are seeing Trump family and Trump aim is good. It's a just fight and worth it.
So little, it's invisible
YOU ROCK @FLOTUS Keep it up, you make us so very proud. #USA
Not all of us.  I prefer a FLOTUS that hasn't been a nude pin-up or "escort"
Only God can judge your fake news
God is concerned that there are so many ppl who believe in "fake news" tales from the Trumpites.
Whatever happened to that ’anti-cyber bullying’ effort? Your husband is still bullying people on Twitter.
Yes...we are Making America Great Again.  Keep it up Mrs. Trump.
Not taking away their health insurance would be an incredibly special place to start @FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
He's not taking any healthcare away.
CHIP
Do you even know how the CHIP program works? I'm sure someone out  there can explain it better than me. People keep bringing up CHIP.
If you don't know how it works, maybe you shouldn't be defending the non renewal.
I do its just I really don't wanna get into it. But I can shorten it up. It's a State funded program also
Not convinced. Unless you just hate kids. Are you pro life?
No I don't hate anyone. Why Don't you just Google CHIP it will tell you everything you need to know
Our First Lady Melania has found her calling! Thank you, our children need your love and help!
It's hard to grow happy and healthy without health care!
Get a job and pay for it yourself!
And healthcare?? Kinda need that!

It’s wonderful to see the First Lady blossoming into her own. Love you!
So gorgeous! 
赞
Get trump, our first white supremacist, out of the White House then we can go back to healing our country.
thank you for visiting!  here's their website if anyone wants to check out their wish list for donations! http://www.lilysplace.org/wish-list 
No eld truckers lives matter
Does this mean that you recognize how detrimental your husband is to them?
That is sweet! Totally different with him.....wow
How can ur child grow into happy/healthy when his environment is saturated with hate, cruelty&lack human kindness.Arent Weinstein&Trump same
Funny hearing that from you! #dumbassprez
Culpable
What lovely photos!!  The First Lady looks right at home with a baby in her arms!!
Donald must get heavy after a bit.
Let’s start by raising them in a nation not led by an ignorant misogynistic bully.

Muchas Gracias @FLOTUS por  este maravilloso tweet, lleno del color de la esperanza para las personas que queremos #adoptar. #Shelter
She looks so comfortable and natural with that baby. And other children I've seen her with
#Putinbot
.@FLOTUS you are lovely and you are a natural. 
You Can Tell She Loves ChildrenI Always Thought She Was Shy But She's Glowing Holding This Precious Baby 
God Bless Our Beautiful @FLOTUS
She is cheap trash. I don't like my FLOTUS posing naked in handcuffs. I guess you do.
Keep up the good work Mrs Flotus
Thank you Mrs. Trump you are doing an amazing job as first lady.
Melania is certainly a hard working First Lady
Easy. Just keep them away from @realDonaldTrump. Explaining him to kids is a parent's toughest job. Poster boy for your bullying campaign.
throw the whole baby away

صحة الانسان بدنيا
You have a very good heart....
Babies screamed in Hillary's arms but look at how he is looking at Melania with love in his eyes. Even the young ones adore her. So cute.
Puta falsedad...
I agree, because the generation now is in bad shape. Can't believe how disrespectful they are to you and Mr.Trump. Sad!
Start by guaranteeing healthcare for all and by not cutting funding for education.
You are a wonderful example to all mothers!
Start with the "child" you're married to.

Yes  Empower those parents!! #wraparoundapproach #makeamericaindependentagain
How about getting a good presidential role model who doesn't attack everyone on a personal level? That would be a good start not hypocracy.
Educate 
Inform 
Intervene in penal system like Israel
I'm a retired educator who lost a son to opoids
After 23 years I've learned much 
EXMA. MELANIA VEJA EX. O BRASIL E O PADRÃO INTERNACIONAL DE PROTEÇÃO À CRIANÇA
EXMA. MELANIA POR QUE NÃO IMPLANTAR O ESTATUTO DA CRIANÇA E ADOLESCENTE (ECA) AMERICANAS- VAMOS AMAR A TODAS AS CRIANÇAS! RESP
Sorry for my profanity but I want my fucking help please
Put that child down. We do,know where your hands have been FTOTUS

You can start with @POTUS.
Well, since when do you cared about people in hospitals trying to live, is it for their money to make them broke? #FU
Why don't you start with your own family? Your son doesn't look happy or healthy.  
Who does not believe in human rights, who had no love for people. People get your head out of your.... and trying using your brain
but her husband decided to reverse policies that are in place to protect children. It's so contradictive and embarrassing to have a husband
happening in the world or what has happened in the world. Each item she attempts to use as her platform was started by a former first lady
It's so sickening to see that people believe in the first lady because she's "pretty". She had no platform, no real knowledge of what's

Interesting that Michelle started programs for children and trump decided to reverse the programs
That's what Michelle was doing and trump decided it was not a good idea
You can start by talking your evil husband out of robbing millions of kids of programs that give them hope and decent insurance!
Do you think a name calling violent racist bully in WH helps them? Look up Trump effect & how children suffer from his hate rhetoric
I agree! Let's impeach the insane elderly president! Children are doomed otherwise!
many will lose the opportunity for health thanks to funding cuts initiated by your hubby's gov't
Pretty spoiled rich woman holds baby while her husband & his party does EVERYTHING they can to make it worse for said baby & Mom. SMH
That's a bit difficult without health insurance!
Great ! Strongly I Agree !!.
What!? Do you know who the president is? He has already screwed future generations 7 ways to Sunday, and he has yet to pass a law.
@FLOTUS God bless you! Proud to have you in this position! No matter what the haters say!
Start speaking up in the WH - you are thecwife thst closes her eyes in face of chaotic and damaging behaviour. You have a duty to act for 
How about...idk...MAKING SURE THEY ALL HAVE INSURANCE TO STAY HEALTHY.
Experts say GOP health care bill spells doom for opioid addicts - NY Daily News
Interesting in the liberal twisted mind FLOTUS clothes are making a 'political statement'.  More savy than Michelles 'fashion statement'.

Hello!! :)) All right
Thank you for showing the US what a REAL FLOTUS does. After the Obama's, it's like a breath of fresh air  !!!! God bless you  !!!!#MAGA
Do that by restoring million kids' CHIP ins!
Melania you are totally amazing. A breath of fresh air for our country
Thankful to you and our POTUS!! #trumpmakingamericagreatagain
The values your husband teach children is down right evil, your husband shouldn't be allowed around children. He's Evil! U support his ways!
They will if they are not bullied. Can you ask your husband to stop being a bully @FLOTUS ?
look at that baby's neck, she not even holdin him right
U r a hypocrite and a HUGE NOTHING FLOTUS. U r "married" 2 the biggest cyber-bully in .How long do u have to wait for your payoff?
That baby will feel special having been held by First Lady!  No doubt, he will be positively effected by that!
Perhaps support the CHIP program so that kids who need medical care but can’t afford it can still grow into happy and healthy adults?
What about the CHIP program for children. I hope you and ivanka have tried to educate him about his rudeness. Not working so far
That would require the bully and chief to quit. Stop pretending to care about people.
I'm glad to see Melania really enjoys being @FLOTUS
May her beauty touch every little soul in the USA! We love you!
Positive affairs lead people to success.
Don’t let them hear the president talk on tv or Twitter, that’s where I’ll start.
Then leave Obamacare and Medicare alone.
Healthcare is a good start.
Maybe we can start but restoring their health insurance.
It's unfortunate your late in-laws didn't feel the same...
My small company in W TN has OUTREACH program for rural children's Christmas...38 last yr, growing this year. Each one counts!
@FLOTUS pretend you care about children while your husband cuts healthcare and education funding. How do you have the nerve to pretend to care
Shield them from your husband.
Healthy? Thanks to the acts of @realDonaldTrump millions of children will have no health insurance. #WorstPresidentEver
No biggie. They all do it except all the other first ladies don't have  nude pictures on the internet for her child to be embarrassed by.
Wonderful platform,  one we can all support!!
Buen trabajo
I'm so sorry.
Omg - Eric does those weird hand gestures.

I saw the video with you and a baby. That was adorable. Keep up with the good work on our country.
Please help adult autistics as well Love and prayers for you, your family & POTUS
#pedophillia #pedogate #hollywood
Start with giving their mothers good insurance!  Duh!!!
about people ur husband only cares about himself and getting noticed or else he pouts.  he is a child who needs some mental care SOON
children in this country would grow up happy and healthy if ur husband would not try 2 cut their health care - things president Obama cared
Take up SSDI as your cause.. millions suffering.. and there's no help for us!
We can start by not vaccinating them with over 30 shots before they are five years old. 
All the children in the world
You r a mother, think about your children in Styria, Myanmar, Somalia, Afghanistan and stay with Mr President, advice him as a mother of

Your children are okay and safe,  what do u do to advice Mr Trump not to Kill innocent children in other countries
Ur husband's impeachment will help
Amen to that. #ITMFA

ummm maybe health care?????
FAKE
Your husband wasn't raised as a happy healthy adult. We see your pain. How can u stand him? If you leave, we'll understand. Get out!
arrest pizzagate then
There are 20 million people starving to death in African countries. More than 3x's the Jews killed by Hitler. What is your husbands legacy?
You should be ashamed of yourself Melania you live with a biggest bully of all shame on you!!!!
Helps for children to have health care, good public education, enough food to eat, and a warm house to live in.
I'am go to
Yes I'am helping
start by #impeach @POTUS @GOP this will #MAGA #Obamacare's

Nothing like having our very own First Porn Model!
Your husband Taking away their health insurance is a great way to start!  They may be happy, they may be an adult, but healthy...NOPE!
HOW ABOUT REAUTHORIZE THE CHIP PROGRAM ?  THAT SEEMS LIKE AN EASY WAY TO HELP KIDS!!!
I  our @FLOTUS!!
you want these  children to grow  to be happy, healthy adults then tell your husband not to take away their free school meals or healthcare
There is no “free”.  Someone pays for that.
We the people do & I'd rather my taxes go to helping children then flying old men all over the country for NFL walkouts and weekend golf.
#BREAKING
Your current husband is guilty, complicit, unqualified, unstable and you're guilty, unqualified, unmotivated and an embarrassment.
I LOVE the smiling picture the best, so Beautiful@FLOTUS has so much Grace and Elegance.
Most beautiful woman ever, thank you for being not like the others before you.
That's for sure. Definitely nothing like the ones before her.
You can start by not dressing like a call girl
Checking the place out for Moron  Trump? Asking for a friend!
