People like Kelli Ward are what's wrong with politics today. The people of AZ deserve representatives with dignity & decency.
They do.  Let me introduce you to the Democratic candidate, @deedra2018 Deedra Abboud who is running against Jeff Flake in 2018.
I am a Dem but cannot support a candidate backed by the terrorist organization CAIR.
I am a democrat, I am Jewish and I support Deedra  as does my husband @troberts183461 who is Lutheran.
Curious about a reputable source for CAIR being a "terrorist organization" - the worst I can find is a report on some missing IRS filings
Also - pretty sure that's screenstarrr is propaganda twitter handle. *sigh*
You may be right, but I'll stand by my statement anyway
As do I.   I took one look at the handles tweets and media and it made me sick. 
Kelli Ward is right. The country comes first. The RINO has been there too long, tumor or no tumor. BTW is he being treated by the VA?
Being treated at Mayo CLinic
Which doesn't accept Obamacare
How's the epipen price gouging going for you and your daughter
I think it would have been smarter and more honorable for yourself and the McCain family to have withheld your comment. U have invited this

People like you joe are part of the problem. You do nothing but resist.your so afraid BECAUSE trump keeps his promises and you do nothing.
Honor, class, integrity. POTUS has none of these yet you continue to reach across the aisle. Lame words unless you back them up.
wise up Joe wont repeal obamacare and is bought and sold by big http://Pharm.You  probabley supported the communist sanders andcorrup
Sen Manchin yrs ago I was a Dem but have been Republican for 15 yrs. However u sir are a class act I must say. Thank u!
Time for Joe to Go Corrupt Joe machin
Joe why dont you do the right and repeal the joke called obamacare
and put health back to when it worked prior to Obamafail
 Joe claiming he has honor, class and dignity.  Good One Joe
And please don't get this twisted Trump is the worst of them all and Joe does nothing to stop him. #trumpisatraitor#joeistoo
Who is and who is not welcome in the Senate is up to the voters in their respective states
The Senate is not your private club
It actually is their private club ... you haven't caught on yet.
But they are not supposed to let on about that in public

We'll see if the people can take their Clubhouse away from them
I agree ... I really wish we would!  We need to soon!
If Hillary had won we would have been over
I'm actually hopeful for a little Improvement now
I'm always hopeful!  Frustrated ... but hopeful!
Why a supposedly educated doctor would worship a grade-school level speaker like Trump is clearly an ideologically-based defect.
Another day of record high for NYSE?
60% increase in coal exports this year?
Really need an education to appreciate that?
Agree.  Let the man make his choice before taking advantage of someone's misfortune.  That is classless
Could b USA decline
Mental function will be continual decline
Honor, class, integrity - DemocRATS possess none of those qualities 
I know Democrats are so heartless wanting to feed children and make sure the elderly have adequate healthcare
Military budget is 581Billion yet Vets stand to lose health coverage if the ACA is repealed. Don't be stupid and believe we can't afford it
Vote this crook out.
Quite a few of your Senate Democrat colleagues fall short by your own standards.
How would you judge Waters,Pelosi, Schumer, Booker?Would you call these Reps, self serving politicians?
Really Joe as if you and your daughter should speak about integrity, honor and class. Please.....
There's so many failures in congress I couldn't name them all .we need term limits. No Rep should be allowed to serve no more than 3 terms.
We already have term limits.  It's called voting.
Doesn't work! Only way  voting will truly work get rid of political parties.
I vote yes!
Talk about classless , Senator McCain has more integrity in his pinky finger than Kelli Ward has in her entire being. Get well soon senator
Apparently you don't live in AZ.
Apparently Kelli Ward is more to your political liking than the Senator , let her run for the office then and not act like buzzard circling
Glioblastoma is aggressive brain cancer
The prognosis is continual decline in function
Perhaps it is time to step aside with honor
How dare you attack Dr Kelli Ward!
Luckily voters are now awake.
With all do respect sir.
Point well made, but if this is so how do you explain the presence of @tedcruz?
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Sooooooooo wrong, How totally wrong in so many ways! Time to #DrainTheSwamp obstructionist party hurts America
Who are you to decide who's welcome in the senate. Last time I looked the voters are
Says the pot to the kettle. You Manchin is what is wrong. You will be unseated
You are a headline reader. You should try actually reading the quote. It's ok to dislike Dr Death McCain (never saw a war he didn't like)
You are the crooked one.  your daughter is CEO of Mylan pharmaceuticalsties and price gouging. they donate a lot of money to your campaign.
I actually think she's a perfect fit for the republican senate- pure evil
well said
But people who support killing unborn babies - who tells God they will decide what's right not Him -are?
I agree that people need senators that stand by them. That's why I support @paulajean2018.
Mr Manchin it is inappropriate  for Ms award to make this statement. However you and your family are no better. #Epipen$$$$ #Byebye
And your a joke
You don't get to determine that, the voters do. Majority don't care what you think. You love the RINO McCain because he has the same agenda
Thanks for the endorsement! #DrainTheSwamp
We need to vote these hypothetical  leeches out of Congress !!!
But that's because you hate woman right @Sen_JoeManchin. Isn't that how this game is played.
Sorry Joe, while I'd agree the timing isn't good, there are plenty of scumbags already in the senate that don't belong there. Call them out
#ICYMI we the people do not want those whom fellow politicians welcome.
NO YOU ARE WHATS WRONG IN POLITICS http://TODAY.YOU  ARE PART OF THE WITCH HUNT AND YOU NEED TO GO IN 2018 .VOTE THIS CROOK OUT.
why would she not be welcome ? she is qualified. Your statement is bigoted
Almost everyone in the senate is corrupt hypocritical garbage. @Sen_JoeManchin
Honesty, integrity in the senate. Joe, please do not use words senators don't understand. @Sen_JoeManchin
Your statement shows how out of touch you are. It's not up to you. It's up to the people of AZ. @kelliwardaz
Term limits are desperately needed to wash politicians like you out of office.
So you decide who's welcome in the Senate? I thought the people decided that but I might be wrong. Who's correct Senator???
Buddy I have news for you, there are and is no senators with any honor, class or integrity. Y'all are despicable. As I see it
Hey Joe, did you know she graduated from West Virginia school of osteopathic medicine or is she just too Republican
It to mention she was born and raised in West Virginia and went to Bridgeport High School achieving honors
That is funny a Democrat politician attempting to judge such things as honor, class, integrity. Always nice to have a morning laugh.

He's deep in the swamp and rubbing elbows with the wrong side of history.
sorry Joe, the days of the OLD GUARD RHINOS is coming to an end. we need all NEW BLOOD, YOU FOOLS ARE SO CORRUPT I CAN SMELL YOU FROM HERE.
Just because Sen. McCain is ill, it will NEVER change the FACT he turned his back on his fellow comrades. He's not coming back, get over it.
WHOA! Honor? Class? Integrity? John McCain had non of the above and YOUR DAUGHTER IS A BLOOD SUCKING LEACH! Glass houses....
I have one question: Honor, trust & integrity and you vote with Schumer, Warren, Sanders????
You're gonna lose your seat in the next election 
It is a shame she isn't running in WV. I'd vote for her over you any day.
Wrong! She's got brains and class!  Two things you wouldn't recognize if they hit you on the nose
Interesting as I never found you to have honor, class, integrity OR intelligence. @kelliwardaz is a great AZ citizen.
Your opinion doesn't matter to the American people!!!!!
What's wrong with #politics is #lobbyist $$s find their way into politician's pockets.
With all due respect Sir, you don't get to make that determination.
You're obviously paid off or involved in criminal acts.  Maybe you should stay in WV and out of AZ politics!  Thanks
https://twitter.com/rickybobby90210/status/889333369024135169 …. All the more reason to vote for @kelliwardaz Im from AZ and will support and fight for her right to be our Senator!
https://youtu.be/zUcLVSR7_N0 . Vote for @kelliwardaz 4 US Senator of Arizona,  send weak Jeff Flake packing! He is an obstructionists like McCain!
Thank you sir. You have shown class and dignity sense day one!
Amen.
I sure hope she blows you out of the water.
Actually,it'sUwho need2resign fm job&IMMEDIATELY BC UR duplicitious&hypocritical,unethical& immoral-Uvote anti-Am.agnda of DemCommieLEFT!
-When U can't do ur job, u give it up. Ward is being realistic of needs of Ari. R U acting on ur state's behalf or way Left?
@SenJohnMcCain has been in Congress longer than I've been alive. It's time he show some HUMILITY and step aside for someone else.
Who the heck are you to say who is welcome in the US Senate? AZ decides who they want to send to the US Senate! You are DISGUSTING!
Honor Class Integrity.. My senator is a liar, who turns deaf ear to his constituents .. I stopped voting 4him long ago.
I wonder if @realDonaldTrump knows about your elitist attitude. Maybe he shouldn't work with you anymore since you seem to be 2 faced
That attitude is why you should be defeated in 2018. How DARE you claim anyone elected by the people would not be welcome in Congress!
Disappointed in you, Sir. I considered you a closet republican.

So do you consider Al Frankin to be one of those with "honor , class and integrity?" Bernie?  Schumer? Claire Mc? You're in the wrong party!
If a pre-requisite to be in the Sen is honor, class and integrity, then no dems and only a few repubs. would be there.
Senator Manchin is just another creep that needs to be voted out, tired of his 2 faced crap on MSM! Vote him out!!
Do tell Joe. Who else doesn't measure up to your exacting standards?
Well, it's not up to you, is it? It's not like senators are truthful, honest and people that truly help their constituents.  #MoochSawTrump
The people of Az needs @kelliwardaz
Ever watch him being interviewed? When on @MSNBC he agrees with their views. When on @FoxNews he agrees with their views. Politician 4 sure!
manchin You sound like the leader of a GIRL teenage clique bullying girls they reject.
@kelliwardaz will show the door to you & the rest of the swamp.  YOU are classless; YOU are what is wrong with politics today, not Kelli.
Heard she's pretty popular tho
YOU do not choose who is and is not welcome in the Senate. WE the people do. It would serve you well to remember that.
Senator, who is holding you hostage? Don't ruin your reputation for Jeff Flake.
You lost yours and it was very sad. Dems - far left have corrupted you. From what I hear you will never win a seat again. You went too far.
Only dem I like but she's right! We wish Sen McCain a a healthy recovery but the forward progress of a nation is at stake. Selfish if stays
Your bio says u welcome common sense suggestions. Here's one. Shut up n resign.
"Ppl like her?" You have gall, buddy. I've seen your voting record. 
We'll see who's not welcome.
Kelli Ward should never be in the Senate either to replace McCain or to run against Flake.  She would be a disaster for AZ and the country.
Not your call doofus. Besides you won't be in the senate much longer.
Luckily, Sen Manchin, you do not decide who represents AZ in the US Senate. She only speaks the truth.
Really not your call. Thats up to the voters. If she's elected, she damn well better be welcomed.
Ah, you don't decide who is welcome. In this case, the people of Arizona will decide
You won't have to worry about it soon, Manchin. We're gonna vote you out in 2018.
This is the New GOP, party of vulgarians and trolls.
Thanks for the input Two Faced Joe!!
Let's hear some more about "honor & class" from a Democrat?!
Really? And what's your opinion of your party clowns
It's up to the people not you.
What an ugly soul in Senator Joe
That's not for you to decide.
Please Joe you're the epitome of the scum that is crawling all over D.C.
In all the ways voters measure good Senators (honor,class,integrity) YOU falls short. Ppl like you aren't welcome in the US Sen anymore.
None of those three words appear in this or the other tweet about @kelliwardaz Senator. You should try HAVING honor, class or integrity.
It's a new America & you are not part of it. Time to oust the D.C. Leeches out of office. Replaced with true America's!
You need to resign.
@sdkirtley how about presidents??
Damn good question!!!
Your opinion must first be of value.
we dont need to delay any further, mccain should resign.
Manchin your vote record/bill support record shows that u support the Progressive Marxist Democrat radical agenda-U BROKE your OathOfOffice
You are a liar Manchin-Use your yacht in the DC basin to wine & dine Congressional members-You are very unethical-lack class integrity honor
Right,only people that fundraise 95% of the time,suck up to DONORS and let lobbyists write legislation loaded 4 special interests r welcome
How arrogant of you and I don't  Know who the woman is . I do know, however, how much an Epi-pen costs.
.@Sen_JoeManchin shld prob b careful. He squeaked out a win after betraying WVa miners & his daughter is the crooked EpiPen CEO. #RoleModel
Perhaps you should have said that to @kelliwardaz
Seriously?
Wonder if Manachin wld dare to take a pot shot like that at @KidRock running for office in MI. Guarantee KidRock wins that Twitter battle
all democratic senators are against this country.The voters are mad they don't forget what you have done.More lies from democrats
...but crooked politicians are?
Many current US Senators fall short sir. Most are members of the party that left you years ago.
Who are you to say whose welcome in US Senate?  I thought the American voter had that right?  You think to take that from us?
Sen Joe Manchin says women are not welcome in the senate and liberals applaude. How sexist can you get. liberals hate women.
That's not your decision.  It's the voters decision.
The fact she called for McCain's resignation shows who she is. McCain is a war hero dealing w illness. Does she think she'll get his job?
Fortunately you corrupt hack The U.S. Senate belongs to WE THE PEOPLE and WE ARE CLEANING HOUSE!

@realDonaldTrump
@Scaramucci
@SHSanders45
You worry about your state Joe. You got plenty of problems there!!!
Wow that was nasty. @Sen_JoeManchin #TRUMP won your district, remember that! I use to respect u but now... you owe @kelliwardaz an apology!
Epipens. Knock it off with the phony virtue signaling.
Joe...the voters will decide if she is welcome in the senate. You don't get to make that call. We measure by results and promises kept.
U hit the ten penny nail on the head
Mccain either needs to retire or join the dems! RINO progressive hack!!
Testiment from a swamp creature clown . @kelliwardaz is amazing we should be honored to drain the swamp. #maga #TermLimits #TermLimitsNow
You are basing that on a fact she's not in the club? She's not part of the swamp? She's not corrupt? Look in that mirror. @kelliwardaz #maga
@Sen_JoeManchin Good for you!
"People like her...". WOW. Bet you use that phrase a lot. @kelliwardaz
Guess WV voters must be all doing well rolling in $$$ thanks to @Sen_JoeManchin so he can tell AZ who to send to the Senate?
Mind you own!
Who made you king of the Senate to decide who enter and who doesn't?  Get your ego back where it belongs & mind your own state's business!
All 3 are character traits that are in very short supply,in our current DNC GOP political climate!FTR Pride is a nastytrait!
Please don't use those words.  Dems actively working with MSM during the past elections betray each and every one of them
She is not welcome n Senate by whom?  YOU?  Hopefully West Virginians will vote u out 2018 My vote is for Jenkins, who is putting WV 1st
You're only "tolerated" not worthy of the job!
Senator, would you please send  this same tweet to your fellow Democrats b/c  there are plenty I can name who don't meet your criteria
#Ironic from one of those self-righteous phonies who are truly what’s wrong with politics today #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
You already tweeted the same thing. I guess it's your grand wizard who has all the "best words."
Neither is anyone who is not a vocal proponent of single-payer and a living wage.
I wish I could  this a million times!
Seems to me, a lot of you senators fall short.  She should fit right in!
Funny!  You don't get to decide that!
@SenJohnMcCain is a true #RINO What are you MEN up to?Your trying hard to bring @POTUS  down!McCain is sick and will get worse sorry #Truth
Who do you think you are to say someone isn't welcome in "THE PEOPLES HOUSE?" You sir have crossed the line! Your words show the fact that
What do you expect from a Democrat. The list of Dem. Senators that fall short of his criteria is much longer.
YOU do not dictate which "ppl like her" join the Senate & ESPECIALLY NOT FROM AZ! We will decide whom we wish to replace murdering traitor!
@greta usually like u but that is up to AZ not u! WV bad economy, roads, drugs. High good stamps, Medicaid. Stick to WA
She wasn't being insensitive she wish him well but said he needs to step down. You should be right behind with her! SMH
Then how do you explain Warren, Leahy, Reid?
Your list must be extremely short.
Manchin is one of the senators who is always there when you don't need his vote
Will be ex-Sen. Joe Manchin post next election.........
