Please do not leave the Senate and let #trump kill health care. So many families would be devastated.
With all that experience, you must know that leaving the Senate would devastate grandchildren just like yours all over the country.  STAY!
Happy Anniversary Mr. & Mrs. Manchin.. Sir may God Bless you & the Mrs. with many more. Thoughtfully, from #PresidentTrump side of the isle
Congrats.. Please don't take Trump's offer to leave the Senate.
Only by saving health care and the US from ravages of Trump.  For the love of God, Sir, and the future of those grandchildren and all kids.
Congratulations please do not leave the Senate please stay true like your marriage
IN CASE U MISSED IT!
#WV #WVU #MARSHALL #TrumpRallyWV
#WestVirginia USA
2018 elections are going to be interesting!
Time to retire Joe
Add #RINOs like Flake, Collins, Alexander, Murkowski, & McCain.
Love to see you join @WVGovernor  and switch parties.  You seem to be a real lover of God, family and country.  Help stop D. C. madness.
Congratulations Senator! Now please..get on the Train that leads in the direction that is pro family. The Republican party!
#CountryAboveCabinet Think of your children and grandchildren and do NOT destabilize the Senate to serve a madman's administration!
I am happy to see you celebrate w/family STOP Defending trump seems like superpac is paying you money fir not challenging trump be careful
That's a picture we seldom see, a man that has a grip on what is truely important in life
I'm sure you are thinking what my husband and I are thinking "what kind of world are we giving them?" Praying for you Joe.
All I can say is, you must have married really young - congratulations!
Stay in the (D) party Senator Manchin!
Beautiful.
Think about the legacy you want to leave with your grandchildren. Stay in the Senate and continue to #resist the madman in the White House.
Please don't sell out our country
Happy Anniversary.
This what matters beautiful family.
OK, which one is your child and which ones are your grandchildren.... chuckle
I can.
Switching parties
Congratulation!
Happy anniversary!
Arizona Remove DEMGOP @SenJohnMcCain  
Vote for Pro @POTUS Trump @kelliwardaz USA1
Make America Great Again @realDonaldTrump
What a lovely photo!
Congratulations and many more.
Beautiful Family!
Tanti auguri di buon anniversario
My husband and I celebrated our 55th on Friday and we chose family to celebrate it with. I think it is the best way to celebrate every day.
Way to go!! Such precious grandchildren. And I guess your wife was 10 when you got married!   She doesn't look old enough for 50th anniv!
Can you afford healthcare?We can't & u sit there working 4 insurance companies greed over the American people.#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll

Bottom line is: if other countries around the world are providing quality health care to all their people, we can do the same.
Happy Golden Anniversary Joe! Children are a gift from God - as you know.
Happy 50th
Happy Anniversary
CONGRATULATIONS to You & Your family
Nice for you, but you need to care more about the American people than Chuck and Nancy
Congrats, change to Republican u are one of the more intelligent dems.
Happy Anniversary!!
Congratulations!
Congratulations, Gayle and Joe!  You and your grandbabies are beautiful!
Happy Anniversary! Thank you for standing by President Trump. MAGA
My aunt and uncle also wed 50 years ago on the same day 
Mazol Tov!
Senator needs to follow Governor Justice lead and switch parties. The Dems have left him and West Virginia.
I know a better way switch parties
How about in a hot tub on Maui?
Retirement maybe?
Congratulations!!!!!
BEAUTIFUL FAMILY JOE~YOU SHOULD THANK GOD THAT THEY WONT GROW UP IN A GOD-LESS NATION~W/ REPUBLICANS~IN GOD WE TRUST~YOU SHOULD JOIN GOP JOE
I think people should leave the political bullshit out of all this and just tell the man congrats and he has a beautiful family.
Happy Anniversary from the great state of NH.
A good as gold guy you can imagine,
In West Virginia's, Joe Manchin!
Congratulations on marriage 50 years!
Blessed with grandchildren dears!
Congratulations
Congratulations to you and the Mrs Senator Lou in AZ
Happy 50th Anniversary to u and Gayle!
Senator. You're a good man. Like your governor, join us in the GOP. A waste if you don't! Your fan always.
If he doesn't there's always Bo Copley @MinerBo85
Do your grandchildren proud, & switch your party affiliation to #Republican !! #WestVirginia #JoeManchin #Vets4Trump #MAGA #USA 
how about voting with conservatives and save the country for your grandkids?  Just a thought.
Congrats Senator.  You could follow ur Governor and switch to the Republican Party.  Enjoy ur special day then get back to D.C. And do job
Wonderful
Congratulations, you must have a wonderful wife !! Wish the other Senators had your philosophy, God, first, American, second, party, third
Congratulations Senator and Mrs Manchin!
Such a nice man...has more sense that a lot of Senators.
Congratulations! Check out our 12 year old grandson Liam who was honored by the VFW!
And epipens
Grandchildren are the best
Happy Anniversary!
Change party to Republican
Joe, how can you stand with progressives in opposition to Trump?  How????
I live in NJ and wanted to thank for your stance on GOP healthcare debacle. Happy 50th.
If you cared about them, you'd vote with what's best for the country they'll grow up in!!!
Let me guess? He should vote with the 38% who approve of Trump?
U must believe the polls, ahhhh how cute is that?
Congrats Joe @ Gail hope many more
Congratulations! Beautiful family. You are a great Senator. Keep up the great work!
Note all the females remain 2nd class citizens under Constitution b/c #EqualRightsAmend remains unratified See @EqualMeansEqual #ERANow




Happy anniversary Senator Manchin.

Happy 50th anniversary...may your next 50 be just as blessed..
Congratulations, Sen.Manchin!
Congratulations Senator Manchin! May you & your wife celebrate another 50 together!
Happy Anniversary to you both. You have beautiful grandchildren.
Thank you, @Sen_JoeManchin that people of #WestVirginia were able to count on you during the @GOP healthcare fiasco! Happy anniversary!
Happy Anniversary!
A Blessing  Family  Gods Gift to The Manchin Family;  Chidren & Grandchidren, 50yrs, Thank You for sharing Senator Joe Manchin, I KNOW,
Happy Anniversary, senator! Here's to all of us who married way out of our leagues
Congrats Senator! 51 for us this year!
Will you be spending your 54th in the White House? Please
Happy Anniversary
Beautiful family! Nothing like grandkids!
.....now it is time to FIX ameriKa - BROKEN!
@MAGA
#TrumpTrain
How about becoming a Repub/Conserv???
Changing Party ????   and #MAGA
Happy 50th
