You go, Senator & President. Thank you!
the October skies movie turned me pro-coal mining.
I'm not pro-coal mining so much as pro-coal miner. If there's a market, we need to keep the mines open.
that's what I meant. Coal miners need their jobs. Its vital to some of the communities
Which is why we need to bring back the whale oil industry.
I must have missed whale oil's contribution to the Industrial Renaissance!
Yes, you did.
Well, Coal contributes far more and no whales are injured in its pursuit.
So you're happy to poison everyone? You might as well quit the DEMs. as you aren't one. Traitor.
Ya, well he is what the Dems have become. Corrupt traitors to progressives who only care about donors.
why do you want to poison the water and environment of the American people?
. @Sen_JoeManchin There's a movie called THE 33 w/ @LouDPhillips. It's a golden reminder of how much say miners have about operations. NONE!
Hey Barb, watched that one night when I was could not sleep. Good flick, very underrated.
Very good. And their rescue a miracle.
there's no such thing! You are destroying your home state!!
At least we have good scrubbers.
You fucking spineless traitor. Hope you like being primaried
Try growing up so "naughty words" don't hurt your delicate wittow feewings.
Coal is a fossil fuel pollutant being phased out of use, coal miners suffer from black lung disease, and need ACA .
ah..now I see. Your pandering to Trump for coal. I get it now. Sold your dem soul to gop
some times you just have to let people learn their lesson. When they have no healthcare and dying from cancer then
they may understand in a few years from now. Also don't forget the impact it will have on the surroundings
Coal is dead. You need to develop retraining programs for miners to learn new skills. Those jobs are gone forever.
Thank you for your hard work, for getting things done. Thank you for listening to the people. #Hope #leadership
R GOP voting on Tues 2strike down the "Resolution of Inquiry "on #Trump #Russia ties? If so why? What R Dems doing about it?
You need to work up the courage to tell your constituents that coal is essentially dead.
Wake up!  The coal industry is gone, fossil fuels are becoming history. Clean energy is viable and necessary!
Stupid regulations. Keeping our water and air clean and whatnot. Good for you!
hold a town hall you coward
You are harming the environment for no reason.  Coal is not coming back.  Please re-train these people, tech, etc.
ur no hero & taking easy way out rather than retrain miners 2 do a less Hazard job with same $ or more.Don't getmad, get out
I don't live in your State either but you are a sellout and I'll help whoever opposes you.
We need more typewriters. Why not build infrastructure that would entice companies to build there? Or even education?
sell out
one way 2 get rid of miners is having them drink the poisoned .U can afford 2 move away, these ppl can't & left 2die
SELLOUT. How about admitting coal is a dirty, dead industry.
Do your constituents a favor and retrain, educate, create new jobs. What you promote is a vote-getting scam.
Pandering for votes with promises about a dying industry. Welcoming Breitbart to your office. You've gone rogue.
enjoy your last term Joe, wv democrats are finished with your manipulations and we're organizing. Enjoy retirement.
this is disgusting. It's a protection for people and the environment. You sir are a wolf in sheeps clothing
Any new coal jobs yet? Or was the federal grant to your university your payment for voting for trump cabinet?
What's a little extra mercury and arsenic in your diet.  Thanks for destroying our water.
any coal jobs yet
ARE YOU INSANE? Do U hate Creation? Allowing mining sludge into rivers? Find another job stream 4 miners. Coal KILLS.
I understand you voting for Pruitt since he will help you dispose of more waste into our environment.
my friends and I have started a savings account to raise money for campaign...of your opponent!
WV is more than coal. We deserve clean water. You deserve to be primaried.
My husband from WV says the creeks near his house are just now starting to look cleaner than when he was a kid
Most creeks have visible mine drainage. It is a shame.
Harmful to your bank account and to the environment and to your re election #youare evil
I might not live in your state, but I will spend every dime I can spare to make sure you're defeated. Pruitt? Really? #Sad 
spend your money elsewhere. Help other Dems win. If not Manchin seat will turn red. Castro will run against Cruz
He votes with the GOP, the seat is already red.
Exactly my thoughts!  we can do better...
love it..watching & feeling pride for my country & home state as they become great again thank u both 
after drinking poison water and getting back lung, and no healthcare, sure will be great again.
and make WV's water like Flint. Only worse after voting yes, on Pruitt Robert Byrd is watching u
Your time would be better spent bringing new industry instead of doing CPR on a dying one.
Explain how allowing unchecked pollution benefits coal miners. I'm listening.
WHERE ARE THE JOBS FOR THE REST OF WV?? I challenge U 2 leave all UR resources behind, try to live in McDowell for 1 mth!
Great job delivering black lung to your base
You rock
You're both cowards and should both be removed from office. Coal is destroying our planet, it needs to stop.
You claiming Sanders isn't a democrat is rich. You have no place in the Democratic party.
ask in a few years when those hunters and fishermen die from eating toxic wildlife.  How is that job producing?
Let's go back to horse and buggy. Get rid of cars so buggy builders can keep jobs. Makes perfect sense.
hey Joe you're in the news. Manchin 2018: vote me out! http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/joe-manchin-primary-challenge-bernie-sanders-supporters-235380 …
Any new coal jobs yet? YOU sold your soul to the devil JOE manchin
Are you now A Republican!!!
way to go Joe! Collaborate instead of boycott, need more Dems like you
Globalist statement on environmental control is all a bumf and propagada, thanks for the president
well where are those coal jobs???? Don't see them??? Another lie from Manchin and his bff Trump.  #pandering
You dont proudly serve anything but yourself.  Shame on you.
When you lie down with DOGS - you rise up with fleas.   Shameful - you like air pollution and cancer?
Hey Senator - you will regret this vote - you will be heckled and criticized everyday until you are thrown out.
any new coal jobs yet?
are you ever going to talk about Sessions? What kind of insurance do you have?
supporting fake president. JOE manchin acts more like republican than a democrat
Coal is dead. Stop lying! Too expensive, too dangerous, too dirty.  #renewableenergy #cleanenergyjobs #WaterProtectors
again I say you voted for pollution, you know coal jobs are not coming back, pandering
HOW ARE YOU GOING TO PROTECT THEIR HEALTHCARE?
Thanks to your yes vote on Sessions EVEN MORE trans kids will probably commit suicide. SHAME. #lgbtq
Tillerson, Pruitt, Pro-coal ? You can't even fake ethical. Time is almost over for your term tic-toc tic-toc
why don't you just change parties?
Joe Manchin (R),  had to fix that typo
@DNC I hope the DNC cuts off support for you. You have learned nothing from watching the Republicans. No No No
How about trying to diversify the WVa economy instead of putting a bandaid on a dead industry?
you could have done better for all by pressing for preserving environment. #Theresistance  @womensmarch
the way to a stable long-term economy is through thoughtful environmental regulation. Don't forget we all live here.
the fact that the miners hunt and fish does not mean environmentalist! They need to get EDUCATED! #coalnotsogood
Congrats. Let the wholesale poisoning of your constituents commence.
Where are you going to get your water after you've let the coal companies pollute it all?  You shouldn't be in office
stop destroying the earth!The future is not in coal. Job training is needed for future jobs #solar #wind #hydro #cleanenergy
You are a traitor
How do you justify a possible 5% increase in mining with  increase water pollution that  effect WV residents?
@FAKE PRESIDENT. JOE MANCHIN trader to environment and democrats
you don't care about our water, black lung disease, Pollution? How about you train them in solar for jobs?
.@Sen_JoeManchin @POTUS You are the worst. Coal is killing us, physically and economically.
what about your vote for racist Sessions? Talk about it & explain it to your black constituents during black history
#drinkthatfilthyourself, time to primary.  Own election over country. SAD! #shame
YOU made a deal with the devil!  I hope your miners like their jobs~ it will kill them and posion their neighbors water.
you voted to give miners temporary jobs and poison their families drinking water. Great job!
How is it u voted 2 confirm Scott Pruitt as head of EPA? Why dont u jus become a Republican, & join the party of hypocrites?
Want to protect miners? Send them to school to learn something from THIS century to do.
You suck Joe!
Your constituents deserve access to cleanwater. You obviously could care less
Hey, Joe, if you're going to pollute streams, I'm going to contribute to your primary opponent.  Get out.
Somebody forgot all about THIS: https://wvwatercrisis.com/ .  Good job helping to poison #WestVirginia #cleanwater.
F'n DINO. I hope you are replaced in 20 months. Might want to work on your resume.
So, when the wild animal population and fish population take a nose dive, we'll know who is responsible.
Why do you still have a D next to your name? Switch parties, already; you're an embarrassment.
I have a better idea. Give the coal miners a free education to a new more modern career path. Cheaper cleaner safer
The people of your state will be dying when their lungs stop functioning and their health insurance goes up in smoke
BTW did you seen the pollution in London this week? Burning fossil fuels is not the answer. What planet R U on?
you are not helping people of #WV or the planet.  Ever hear or #blacklung disease? #global warming? #SAD
while I understand ur attempt to fight for your constituents, I beg of you to fight for all of us by protecting the planet
DINO.
Hi, my name is suck up
Wrong side of history.  Coal is NOT making a come back for very good reasons. Get the miners training in clean energy
@Amyloukingery @POTUS -Thank you @Sen_JoeManchin for your leadership and dedication to move America forward.
right now you are the only democrat with a brain....
Defending the rights of coal companies to poison everyone around their mines and processing plants.
Lovely.
what the F#$% are you doing
Pruitt? Really? You aren't acting like a dem. Coal will never be clean. Stop lying and train miners for 21 st century
I look forward to seeing who runs you out of office next year.
For shame! When you've destroyed the environment there will be no need for jobs! #WaterIsLife #InvestInCleanEnergy
Thanks for your help @Sen_JoeManchin @POTUS Black Lungs Matter! #WV #BlackLungsMatter
how much did they pay you to confirm Pruitt?
harmful anti coal regulation?  You need to bevoted out!
Can't wait for all the jobs we'll have on the scorched scrap of earth we'll have left when you're done w/ it. You're no dem
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bad choice to vote for Pruitt. We are watching.
That's cool. You know what isn't? Voting for Jeff Sessions and not doing your job to protect and represent the people
Shameful and disappointing that you helped to enable climate change denier Scott Pruitt to take control of EPA.
Its all a hoax, as long as natural gas is cheaper - Coal is not going to ever return to what it was
THE ONLY THING THAT IS GOING TO BE HARMED IS THE ENVIRONMENT! SHAME ON YOU!
Coal mine owners will just use any savings by polluting to automate their operations putting more miners out of work.
Polluting WV rivers will not bring jobs back.It is natural gas, not regulations that is killing the coal industry.
Enjoy drinking coal sludge water out of the Guyandotte and other rivers you brown (orange) nose trump polluter.
we should also bring back horses, carriages and buggy whip manufacturers #maga #bringbackjobs
In 1 year: #WV miners still unemployed, coal still declining, mining companies free to destroy water resources.
you should be ashamed of yourself.
SHAME ON YOU 4 voting for this and SHAME on you for voting for anti-EPA Scott Pruitt; DON'T KNOW HOW U CAN SLEEP
call it what it really is. It's not anti-coal or "harmful". It was pro-health & pro-safety. Polluting WV is harmful!
Way to vote in Pruitt. Say goodbye to your job, clown.
what is wrong with you? Anti-coal? You're anti-clean water. And your vote on EPA? Poor WV. You've gotta go.
what a betrayal of the environment and the Democratic Party! You voted yes on Scott Pruitt! Shameful.
@EPAScottPruitt Shame, Shame, Shame on your vote!  Makes a career of fighting the EPA, gets rewarded by heading it.
how was this harmful to the environment?  I hope you never get re elected
Shame on you. Choosing money over our environment. Just shameful. #cleanenergy #ClimateChangeIsReal
Did you mention that their jobs are going to be replaced by machines?
their lives are now on your back...
not satisfied fossil fuels kill 200000 Americans per year? You gotta make them worse? #DINO
oh because you don't care if they never have clean water.
biggest wad of hypocritical crap I have heard yet today. Exploit the hardworking coal miner.
shame on you! We should put solar arrays all over south WV. Save our streams #sos
#cantbreathemoney
Your ass is grass in 2018!!!
shameful polluter
gee..did you ever think about legislation about big pharma?  Or thinking about your daughter...again?
"Harmful anti-coal regulation." I guess you HAVE become the spokesperson for fossil fuel industry! Congrats!
very short sighted
It was introduced in 12/16 this is not holdinf coal back this is a lie
The "harmful anti-coal regulation" was in place to keep our streams and forests safe. Why would you help repeal it?
Another step in the destruction of our world. Joe, you've lost the few Dem votes you had in Berkeley Co.!
Recognize this? You should, it's a river in YOUR state. This is why we don't need coal OR you.
Pruitt?? SHAME ON YOU! Hope it was worth kissing re-election goodbye
After Pruitt vote, pigs fly be4 I give a penny to Joe Manchin. Let's choose strong primary opponent & get rid of turncoat!
Shame on you! Invest and train for #CleanEnergy, instead of risking lives with dirty!
@SenCapito How u gonna spend that $ when the Earth is destroyed!? Let the miners build #cleanenergy #renewableenergy
fund raising has begun all across America to support your opponent. 2018
Guess you don't care about clean water and air You must be on the fossil fuel payroll #ForShame
you mean you voted to pollute WV streams and are now arguing a bs idea for coals decline, shame
You sold your soul voting for Pruitt to lead the EPA. You also sold out our children's chance at a habitable world. Shame!
we can't drink coal waste! SHAME!
So preventing coal sludge from being dumped in waterways is anti-coal? Why don't you just switch parties now.
coal is dead. Retrain miners. If you cared you would not pollute our air and water with an antique fuel.
COAL IS HARMFUL!! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU
So when debris from coal mining is dumped into water people drink, you'll probably cry FAKE SICKNESS! FAKE DEATHS!
I respect you for being a Democrat. But how can u enable any of that FDup cabinet!! How could u vote for Pruitt!!!??
with no care about clean water. How do we survive without clean water? Ur too concerned with ur office and not life.
you're on the democrats black list!!!
I'll keep this simple so you can understand: you suck. We don't like you.
ALL DEMS Must vote out Manchin who is a disgusting Trump sympathizer. VOTE HIM OUT WV DEMS!
2/2 It's a shame that money comes as a top priority over doing what's right.
1/2  @potus Can't we help our state and its people without poisoning our water and destroying it for our children?
Coal's a dead end. Move to renewables if u really want to HELP. But u voted Pruitt=screw the people& the environment
Cool story DINO Joe.  Did you mention to the miners they should probably drink bottled water from here on out?
You should be ashamed of yourself.  Voting against our environment.  Shameful
you're not a Democrat. Coal is bad for the environment and the economy. Why not introduce your state to renewables?
so you need to switch party finally joe, u r no democrat, get the F out of our party today.
