Sad day for the beautiful state of West Virginia. Be a leader and a steward.
#BloodOnTheMountain 
It won't be the mountain state one day. Manchin betrays US & WVA again.
At this rate Harper's Ferry is going to be a beach town.
Give it a rest. If the ocean was coming, people wouldn't still be buying beach houses. Try to think 4 yourself!
That's awesome logic. You're right. Thanks for changing my mind. I'm gonna by that beach house now with all my coal money.
Insurance companies wouldn't offer insurance if the house is just going to wash away....
And please. Explain to me how you patriots can excuse the Russian stuff. What happened to you?
What Russian stuff? Do you have some evidence everyone else is missing? I'm curious too. Haven't seen any proof.
not everyone in WV believes that coal is our future
And not everyone in WV voted for Trump.
THANK YOU!!!
Where are you inWV? I  am in Hardy county,eastern panhandle
Kanawha
Charleston?
Yea
We were looking up how counties voted and a lot there voted Hillary didn't they?, here 80% voted trump smh!!
The statement makes pretty clear that your willingness to be honest w/voters in WV is non-existent. Protecting #coal from truth is harmful.
Do you know what powers America? Germany? Denmark? Rest of world?
I wish I could say I didn't expect this from #FossilFuel industry, but alas... This isn't the whole story. But you know that.
Do you think #ParisAgreement is a good deal? https://friendsofsciencecalgary.wordpress.com/2017/06/04/where-will-the-u-n-get-its-climate-money-now/ …
Treating #climatechange as a joke or worse doesn't help your case. You seem to believe that #zerosum thinking will change its trajectory.
Did you read the post? Does it sounds like a good deal? It would do ZERO for the environment or planet. #climatechange becomes joke w Paris
In short, US has no cred on climate change. Paris was chance to lead on this issue, move fwd. #Trump, cons. blew it again. ... 6/
Striving forward for more environmentally friendly technologies would promote research and job growth creating an economic incentive.
The agreement was terrible for for US. I'm sure Matthew that you didn't even read the agreement that cost America too much!
The short term cost does not outweigh the long term effects that our actions have on the environment.
Liberals said the same after Bush withdrew from the kyoto protoco! But as we always do we did more than the nations did under kyoto protocol
Furthermore if taxation is your main concern then impose a carbon tax and directly offset the cost onto large multinational corporations.
Really! the companies will pass that Tax on to the people by raising prices on goods! Or, they'll leave the US, stupid liberal logic!!!
Furthermore, there are no sanctions to seek in other countries since most agreed to the Paris Climate Accord.
It's time to find other employment and careers for our coal miners. Black lung is a clear indication of danger of coal mining & climate!
I cannot wait to see you jobless.  You suck.  #votejoeout
Sad.. stupidity at its finest .. SHAME SMDH
You need to become republican sir sounds like you know what's going on
@justicedems and @paulajean2018 are coming for you Joe.
I hope someone who's not completely crazy runs against you for once.
He cares nothing about the miners in west Virginia. Vote him out.
You are wrong, of course.  Clean energy is the future.  You will be a sad footnote at the bottom of history's page, soon forgotten.
Sets goal of >4° decrease over 50 yrs. concludes w/goal of -1.6° & indicates this unrealistic. Cost $100B+ Sound good to you?
The swamp exists Sen Manchin..hope you come to the 'right' side..the side that is saving your people...aren't you tired of the deceivers?
You're wrong. Big mistake to withdraw from #ParisAgreement. Bigly wrong.
Stop pretending to be a Democrat and just go Ind. Or GOP ,it's easy to justify sitting on the sidelines much harder to lead
America is no longer a leader. It didn't take long... but hey at least we still got coal!
What do they have on you that you would sell out your country?
Maybe if he keeps cooperating - they won't try to prosecute his daughter and wife? Just a thought...
Thank you for supporting US & it's citizens over political affiliation. Rarely find honest Democrat w/willingness to oppose party. God bless
It's time to Join Us Republicans, Joe!  Will send a message out to Dems they are too Far to the Left! Likely ensure your Next Election ;)
Change your party to Republican
Manchin & Caputo have it right.
Glad you see what needs to be done to make "AMERICA GREAT AGAIN" leave the party of losers, killers,liars and leakers now l'm a republican!
You need to support OUR President MORE  come over to the side of White Hats ! MAGA
You should be leading w/renewables instead of pandering to a dying industry.  Are you the best that Democrats can do in WV?
Does Democrat putting welfare of US & people offend you? Suspect your fan of party's dominant liars like Pelosi, Schumer, Waters, etc.?
Thk u for supporting @POTUS on this! Paris deal was unfair/UNBALANCED! U.S. forks over billions, other nations ZERO!
Congratulations Senator Manchin you reall care American workers. You are a patriot 
Next up:  Make American Vacuum Tube Manufacturing Great Again!  Make American Whale Oil Great Again!  Make Knob & Tube Wiring Great Again!
I am libertarian and I agree with your decision.
#AmericaFirst #MAGA #CleanCoal
Funny that most people have no idea what is actually in the agreement but they argue for it! Y not renegotiate it for the planet!
Thank you Senator for sticking up for the American people over party politics! I've always thought you were a great senator!
Nice to see someone who can see thru the nonsense and work for the people
Thank you Sen. Manchin.  It took a lot of strength to support Trump about Paris Agreement.  More politicians should support our President.
So true.  I'm not member of superiorly educated left but determined US & environment don't benefit from agreement after reading it.
u don't have 2 brain cells 4 common sense statement. OWN IT! U R 1 of TRUMPs CRONIES. Hand him whiteout 2 cover OBAMAs name save us the BS!
Thank you for coming to this decision, there is some intelligence in the democrat party.
Thx I don't like seeing the environment killed either #windmills #birddeaths
Have you two not figured out fossil fuels are a thing of the past? forward not baackward!!!
Its about time we have a President for the American people.,and getting us out of that money scheme.
You are wrong on this issue
You are too tied to Trump's hip. It's expedient for you but it could be your political undoing. No courage.
Good on you Joe, shows that you have a brain and concerned for the USA too. #MAGA
Thank you.  A Democrat that finally decided to use his head rather than follow the drama of his party....bravo
In other words: burn that coal baby!!! That's all we know how to do and don't want to invest in miners to learn something new.
Thank you Joe  now back OUR President in working to #MAGA
Such a profile in courage
Oh FFS
Very good, glad to see a spark of intelligence. You are heading in the right and best direction.
Come on, Senator Manchin. Now matter how much you wish it or Trump promises it, coal jobs are NEVER coming back.
Bye Joe. 
Looks like @paulajean2018 is coming for you! I think the citizens of West Virginia are smarter than you think...#JoeMannequin
Man, @paulajean2018 Paula is going to anihilate you,  you Damn turncoat.
this descendant of a West Virginian thanks you. @POTUS
well done, our #President made the right decision it is a prideful moment for the USA
I believe you were once in it for right reason- Your position against science will only cast a darker cloud on your legacy.

Thank you...really wish you would consider switching parties! Always love hearing your perspective.
Why are you still a Democrat??
Wow you're really doing all you can to increase donations to @paulajean2018
No worries, If they get their way in US, the libs will be the first to get whacked by muzzies.
Senator, glad to see some Dems have common sense. Pres. Trump made right decisn for Country thnx
Good for you, Senator.What happened to all those ancient cities under the oceans? Too much what?
You are a dinosaur in a dinosaur state -- so myopic, short-sighted. And you and your citizens keep shooting yourselves right in your feet.
I'm happy you have a primary opponent.  #VoteJoeOut
this statement is a pile of nothing and disappointing. coal mining is not going to come back and save WV
We can welcome you to the #TrumpTrain, your fellow @Democract's just don't get it, they want to be rich screw people!
It is time to look forward and come up with new ideas to revitalize WV.  Coal will not save the state.
Thank you Senator, we hope you will speak with you colleagues and help enlighten them. Paris Agreement was never ratified! Illegal!!!
You  are  awful  and  don't  have  your  constituent's  best  interests  in  mind 
Joe, quit sucking up to this demagogue in the White House, Pathetic!
Thank you Sir for using critical thinking and not the emotional bondage that causes fear and intimidation. God bless!
Dear Mr. Manchin: I feel sorry for you. You have a real opportunity to lead your state forward. You are on the wrong side of history.
You so disgust me!
Thank you Senator, for standing up for for what's right, as opposed to what's politically expedient.. We'll remember.
Your grandchildren will not thank you!
What you believe? This isn't a faith issue Joe. The @POTUS once again lied about the statistics and facts . Leave ur beliefs at home.  Learn
Not sure I agree w/@sen_JoeManchin (I might), but I appreciate the thoughtful approach!
manchin is incompetent &antiquated. He sold out America & lies to his constituents. Coal is done. Renewables are the future & Jobs. Coward!
Dear Senator. You voted for Scott Pruitt. Please don't be surprised. #ParisClimateDeal @dnc @DNC #ParisAccords #DoBetter
Embarrassing that we are one of three countries who think not worth effort. When did we stop being world leaders. We're not alone on this 
We should not be paying polluting countries to think about changing while they pollute. My taxes, my money.
You are a coward who is only interested in your own wealth and power.
So says the republican in democrats clothing...
When constituents realize coal is a dead industry & not coming back, they will ask what representatives did to prepare. This was your answer
#RIP joe manchin's career
#VoteJoeOut Advanced fossil energy technologies?  Christ.  Those are called "solar" and "wind".  Thought you were smarter.
Listen Joe, ur the only SANE person in the Democratic Party!
You are such a fool. Be real with your people in WV & tell them coal isn't coming back. Then teach something new. & then become a Republican
Could you be more useless 
By not standing up for #WV & the U.S., you are complicit. If you really cared about the people you represent, you'd start listening to them.
stop pretending to be a Dem & admit you'll say or do anything to get reelected. NOT ON MY DEM DIME, JOE!
I can't wait untill you leave WV politics.
You are a traitor to this state, and the Democratic Party. Why don't you just make the switch already? Pathetic!
It is leadership like this that denies relevancy to the Democratic Party. Global climate change is a world issue.
So, Joe, it's clear; you don't care about WV citizens' health & you clearly don't care about anyone but yourself & coal & oil barons' money
Donating to @paulajean2018 in your honor.  Your days are numbered Joe
So that's it Joe just completely sold your soul to the devil. At least pretend to give a damn.
#coward #traitor #sellout #disappointment
I agree we will have clean air we don't need the world to tell is how technology will drive cleaner environment than any posturing agreement
Joe, you should run against your GOP counterpart and stop fraudulently holding this Dem seat in the great state of WV.
we all need to work together as a country to MAGA. AGAIN Thank you for working with, instead of against @POTUS
thank you for backing Americans instead of just "a party"  pls ask your party to work w/ pres instead of blocking him
Of course it is, you are a Democrat failure!
Seriously, how do you consider yourself a democrat?
You're absolutely wrong to support Trump's pullout of the Paris Agreement.  I can't wait until your seat is up for reelection.
seriously? Who are you?
It's starting to look a lot like @paulajean2018 is going to primary you
AMEN!
A Republican disguised as a Democrat in a state that is last in nearly everything except OD deaths and drop outs. Coal, really?
Oh good god, Joe.  Do you hear yourself?
Thanks for your support!
You've lost your freaking mind. #BrandNewCongress buh-bye
While we all know you are pro coal, when are you going to be pro breathing? Coal isnt coming back & we are destroying the earth 4 our kids

This post has given me some hope by seeing just how many people in the replies really do care about our state and the planet. Nice surprise.
In a way, maybe we should thank you for this. You are really going to bring WV together to get rid of you and invest in our own future.
And so you have officially become a disgrace. Coal jobs are DONE and they aren't coming back. We need progress, not to be stuck in the past!
Way to go Joe.  
The arrogance of climate change denial beguiles the most patriotic . What say you to future generations - who will face the consequences ?
you are so in need of being drained
How do you sleep at night? How do you look your family in the eye? Who do you think you're fooling? You're an embarrassment to our nation!
fossil fuel is on its way out.  Solar, wind power is our future.
, you're spineless and weak. And worse-- you're wrong about what effect this will have on WV.
Time for you + your senior citizen cohort to sit down. You're a bunch of amoral pigs, selling out our children's future to get reelected.
@SenateDems one down, 7 to go, who's next? @SenatorHeitkamp ?
You are enabling him to lie to your constituents that this will save the Coal Industry. You could have been a leader. #Sad
You've just tossed your constituents & their kids & grandkids & the planet onto those slag heaps left by a dead industry. SHAME on you!
Joe, you totally disappoint me.  I am a real coal miners daughter who will work my a$$ off to see you primaried.
Oh no!
You are wrong on this issue and you will be voted out for this decision. #ClimateChangeIsReal
Coal is dead and so is your career.
We can lead the globe in clean energy without the #ParisAgreement #draintheswamp Joe goes first!
Fossil fuels? 'Run coal'? Grow up.
Just come out already Joe. You are a Republican.
Sold your soul... for Drumpf. How are those thousands of coal mining jobs working out?
I didn't realize you were cool with your constituents getting black lung.
No longer have my support
Which actually means, "my only loyalty is to myself. I'm in real trouble w @EvanJenkinsWV running against me so it's time to pad some votes"
Why are you a democrat? Like seriously? You need to re register
You have betrayed the US and WV.  Coal is the past, help you people move forward. Stop holding them back!!! #Future
Your statement and your support here show your true colors. You don't care about #WV. You care about Joe and Joe's wallet. #ParisAgreement
You are literally useless and have no place in politics. Shame on you for not caring about future generations with the #ParisAgreement!
Just own up and admit you're a rich Republican who doesn't care if the people of your state die. WV is just gonna flood more.
I'm ashamed to have you in my party. You just using our name as a label to get elected
Be honest with your people Joe you are doing nothing but giving them false hope when you could be re-training them for the jobs of tomarrow
Come on, Joe. Be honest with us your fellow WV'ians.We know coal isn't coming back.Don't throw WV under the bus as a reason 2 dump Paris Acc
I hope Swearengin successfully primaries you
Joe why don't you and Trump just be honest and tell your people coal and steel jobs are never coming back to the level they once were at
Hey joe I think it's time you switched back to your  original party "republican "  because you haven't done shit for wv bye bye 
Get out of the Democratic Party. We don't want you.  If you want to support Trump and the destruction of our country, join the GOP. #AssHat
@davidclark1965 Sir sad political move it's ok switch parties to GOP
your lack of vision is appalling
Just vote this fuck OUT!
"The greatest danger in times of turbulence is not the turbulence; it is to act with yesterday’s logic." -Peter Drucker

Act wisely, please.
@SenWarren ready to call him out now?
Terrible mistake. But hey you all will make more money while the people in your state suffer. Way to go!
Who needs clean air and clean water anyway ..lie lie lie
The Libs r crazy bc Manchin has opinion that is putting America 1st if only the Dems would use their brain instead of their butts to think
Sorry, Senator, you are wrong on this.  Coal is dead in W Va, Ohio, Pa, Ky, Va, Ill.
West Virginia's children and grandchildren deserve better. This is infuriating and blatant pandering.
He doesn't want new types of jobs he wants people to work their lives in coal jobs that in the end kill them with black lung.
You, Capito and those other 3 who support @realDonaldTrump for pulling us out of the Paris Climate Agreement should be ashamed!
I wanted to con't to support you-this is outrageous-you will never get my vote again & I will actively campaign against you.
I don't honestly know who Joe is trying to appeal to here even the oil companies were against this.
is a total embarrassment. @POTUS #ParisAgreement
Coal is NOT coming back.  Time to accept reality and stop trying to ruin the planet.
Argh, Mr. Manchin. You owe WV a much better future than this. I hope you rethink this and work toward retraining our energy workers.
You're dumb as rocks huh, sir? Clean energy will phase out fossil fuels. CONSUMERS WILL PURCHASE clean cars & clean energy technology 4homes
It's inevitable. You're not doing big oil any favors pretending they'll survive what's to come. No Paris agreement? Ok, but more fossils?
190 countries - give or take - agreed to this.  What is wrong with this picture!
Apparently Manchin DOES care about being re-elected. Self-serving statement?
#VoteJoeOut. Support @paulajean2018's primary against Manchin:
You are completely delusional!
- Welcome to the real world Joe. This was not about environment it was about making a bunch of libs feel good.
