You underestimate WV voters who took a chance on Trump
by 2018 WV will see that Trump's policies will hurt them
You need to switch parties. You are an embarrassment to Dems and to the state of WV.
go to @GOP where being an embarrassment is a prerequisite. You're a fraud.
Please consider Gorsuch refused 2 answer simple questions w simple answers. We deserve more. 2 many secrets N this Admin already. #NoGorsuch
Hi Joe, I know your a man of character but I am confused on your choice of voting for the judge sir..
We need progressive fuels...not coal.
stop lying to these people who support you! You are no Dem otherwise you'd be voting no to Gorsuch. He is not good for WV!
You are losing your Democratic base Joe. You think this is politically smart?  Not so much!
Value the NEW Dems #Resistance coming 2 ur town halls everywhere! We don't compromise like this dinosaur! Can't save ur job now @wvdemocrats

Thank you for doing the right thing on Gorsuch.
Joe you are going to lose some of your Democratic faithful if you keep acting like a Republican. Look out for 2018
Primary Joe. He's not looking out for your interests.
1. Coal is not coming back
2. Coal miners voted for Trump & held rallies for him
3. PA miners gave Trump a win in PA
4. They were Suckers
Joe Should just switch parties already getting tired of these so called dems sabotaging our party and not holding up our values and ideals.
You voted yes to Sessions & Gorsuch? you must love racists & fascists.
Yeah but are you going to protect them  when they lose their healthcare and Against the rolled back mining regulations?
Trump is the most anti-union president in history. Union workers should vote Democrat. #ImpeachTrump
Don't side with the GOP. Folks are starting to look into your dealings with Russia. #NoGorsuch
You don't care about miners if you are voting for Gorusch
Why have you turned on your Democratic base. Not a good move. We know you're afraid of the Republicans but this is not smart on your part.
isn't this too late, you already voted for all corrupted republicans, why don't you leave the office to someone who actually care about dem
Because no "real dem" has a shot in hell there..
Any dictatorship has an end, so far Hitler, Stalin...people will probably learn the hard way
You know nothing about demographics for WV. It's a red state no "real dem" will ever win there.
well, if that's the case, I understand morenthe reason why this country is in the mess it is now!
Well WV is a coal mining state that's why they lean so right because they disapprove of EPA
Stick a fork in you, sir. You're done. Wait till u see our #'s when we descend on WV! @DNC @SenSchumer can't save u now #RESISTANCE is here!
Did you even watch the hearings in Gorsuch? You have no right running as a Democrat!
Joe Manchun is up for reelection mixtape year. Vote him out and replace him with a truth teller. VOTE JOE OUT. VOTE JOE OUT. VOTE JOE OUT.
Coal miner "Mike" thanks President Trump for removing regulations! This was a great FoxNews interview from Feb17th.
But you are still gonna screw your constituents by voting against their interest by voting yes for gorsuch. Not cool Senator.  Change to no!
Have some balls and some metal, man! Reps didn't care what they did to us by obstructing Obama. Don't be the crying liberal they call us.
Fight against a Russian operative ie. @POTUS
Unfortunately, many of your fellow dems see following the constitution as the problem. They see it as a "living document" to be changed.
Come on, Joe. Leave the dark side. Get on a winning team. You'd be a chair.
Keep up the good work, joe. You're a stand up guy. This R is happy to see Ds like you, willing to see past partisanship.
I am concerned that you are voting for a justice who will rule against the rights of your constitutes. Ant-working families!
@Sen_JoeManchin YOU SELL OUT!!! You are not a democrate. You're toast when yr seat is up for re-election. SHAME ON YOU
I realize ur a conservative Dem, but I wish you weren't supporting Gorsuch. And, NO vote while @POTUS & Co. under FBI investigation.
You've lost the support of many lifelong Democrats recently sir. Very sad.
Did you get your Republican Membership Card in the mail yet?
https://youtu.be/Q_2Krd33zJo  Watch this: @WV4Bernie @wvpublicnews @ABC @cnnbrk Thank you Jeff! @TYTNation Salute!!! @SenSanders #JoeTheSellOut!
Wonder how @WV4Bernie And @WV4HAlpha2 will feel when they see you sold them out for money to the @GOP who also sold there privacy! Smh
Your support of Gorsuch for #SCOTUS is reprehensible. Your job is to represent the people. You will undoubtedly come to regret this
MANCHIN sold his votes to trump
If Trump is in Collusion with Russia/and is brought down----How will it look if U vote in a life long Supreme Court judge of "HIS"? Trust?
Your seat.. gone!  Just go ahead and change parties.
Buh - By.  Your vote for Gorsuch means you can look forward to losing your seat real soon.
Joe servin' up some Black Angus Lung.  Yum.  Enjoy y'all.
Switch parties!
Don't vote based on your political ambition. Gorsuch is anti individuals, his rulings are biased and unfair. Reconsider
Please do not confirm Gorsuch. He is without humanity, wisdom, and compassion. He is robotic, pro corporations
When you need votes & money go ask the @GOP in 2018total sell-out to Trump
Joe why don't you go ahead and join the RRR (Republican Republic Of Russia)?
That is such an ignorant statement. Maybe you should be worried about how the obtained Flynn's call since the call was legal unlike the tap
NO Gorsuch!  You will be blackmailed for ever take a stand!  
Daughter CEO of EpiPen Pricing - Session promises not to prosecute...?
Good job Joe
You fucking sellout. Hope you get trashed in the next primary and replaced with a true democrat who doesn't support dictators.
Fortunately if he is replaced it'll be by someone that there wouldn't be a question about this vote. It would a yes because it'll be a rep.
time to retire joe joe. go to bed.
Vote no one Gorsuchs
U have become  a #selloutsenator Enjoy whatever little perk u get in trade for ur loyalty to constituents and ur integrity
Did you explain your buddy trump was confused between saving miners and minors. Reach across the aisle and grab 'em by the ....
@GMA @womensmarch @OurResistanceUS @OurRevolution Dems like Manchin is why the Dem party is dead.
Primary expelthe #vichyDemocrats. Why vote for republican lite when the real thing is less knuckle dragging
Where are you honest with them JOE did you tell him that Cole is dead
Traitor. We will work to primary you.
You sound like a person who is willing to compromise and do what's best for the country. American needs more politicians like you 
Senator, It's time to join the Republican party, Come over from the dark side Senator your state and Country needs you Sir
Your primary opponent was probably in the audience. I look forward to supporting her/him.
doofus
TRAITOR
I'm a loyal American, Cheryl.
