More proof that you care more about your own interests than the interests of the people!  CRIMINAL!
So u want higher costs of electricity? I repair coal fired turbines and the clean coal plants r that! Clean
I grew up in Southern WV and I can tell you that EXTRACTING the coal is NOT clean.
Solar, yeah not there either. Sorry. Natural gas and coal. Or shall we just burn wood to heat our homes?
why not just admit you sold your soul to the fossil fuel industry? 
#resist the #DINO
Joe refuses to tell the coal community the truth.  Coal is done
so how many jobs have coal miners gotten since you sold your soul to trump
you are a good man
lol. Union member that voted for Trump 
all my union friends did
Mine too, and quite a few regret it 
yesterday, Trump and the GOP screwed over retired coal miners!, but Joe loves Trump
Rick Perry said "I don't believe in the Dept of Energy." There is no excuse for this. None.
Even if I destroy the planet. I grow weed, and have a negative carbon footprint doing it. Troll.
You can't be serious. He's an imbecile
who cares...yoi r a sellout  4 ur selfish goal...2 b re-elected. Pls run as an independent. Democrats don't want you
I am, and have always been a very conservative Republican, but I back I in your decisions, because I feel you are 1/2
2/2 a very honest person in decisions you make and won't let others tell you how you should think or make decisions!
You are doing your country and your state a disservice.  We need to move to clean energy. #CoalKillingWV
doesn't experience mean anything anymore. You honestly think Little Ricky is qualified for this position. He's a moron.
Joe Manchin hereby official leader of old school Democratic party of my father & grandfather. He & Trump saved W Virginia 
He is a traitor and those that support him are also.
Thank you
You like to say that @SenSanders isn't a Democrat, sad thing is he's more of a Democrat than you'll ever be.
you also voted for #sessions.  Stop pretending to be a democrat
As a voter in WV, I hope the Senator doesn't lose health care for the poor in our state!  And, what about Russia & Trump????
WV will re-elect you if you stop lying to them.  Coals days are numbered, ALL of our kids are depending on it.
You have my respect. You are true to the people of your State and to our Country.
No one Cares. Trump is your lord and savior and you will go with him. WE KNOW. Leave the dems please. @krallenbauche
perry is a crook
that moron is going to screwup the environment. #waterislife #cleanairisbreathableair
Turncoat!
republican posing as democrat
boo!!! knock it off Joe you're gonna get tarred with the same brush as the republicans
Thank You Sir! You are a good man! Work with our President. He has Americas interests at heart.
he has no clue about nuclear, the core mission. #dangerous
u r still a Republican!
I'm sad you confirmed him. He's no friend of this department.
when ya coming home to face the PEOPLE? where was that town hall again? Oh yeah that's right it wasn't anywhere!
GREED its' all greed and hubris- when are you going to hand out those citizenship certs like AJ? he tried crazy old man
How about some ideas that will actually HELP the people of WV-future for our children? Hemp/Solar? U could be hero IF only!
why do you keep trying to justify your bad votes/decisions to us? You clearly are NOT working in OUR interest-only YOURS
Why don't you just register as a Republican?
can't wait to drink my poison water from the coal debris floating down the Potomac. Happy Shenandoah is a few miles away!
truly! What you are doing to get re-elected is unconscionable
Ease on down, ease on down the road to "Niggerhead".
Explain how you could vote for someone who had a ranch called "Niggerhead"". Go ahead...I'll wait.
Why don't you just confirm a turnip. Same thing.
Once again thank you for your bipartisanship.
Thank you, Senator Manchin.
you're no democrat. Ur a #traitor to ur country and to ur party. Ur DONE.
Could you at least have the decency to change parties?
You seem like a spy for trump. How dare you run to shake his hand at the address. That smile on your face said it all.
Racist are drawn together magnets. Don't blame Joe, blame the cosmic energy that drew them together.
you sir are a democratic traitor, just move over to GOP, we can help you move by voting you out #rickperrysucks
Perry has bachelor’s in animal science got Cs, Ds & Fs in science in charge of nuclear arsenals. Don’t ask 4 our VOTES 2018
Your grandchildren won't understand.
These sell-out Dems better remember when you need our votes we won't be there for YOU!
why is my grandson not able to get his epie pen paid by his insurance? He has severe peanut allergies. #insurance blunder
been asking u for a statement on voting for racist session for weeks! Now turns out u supported Russian collaborator
@davidclark1965 Senator Manchin please stop lying to coal miners COAL AINT COMING BACK.  Stop with false hope disgraceful
Seriously?  He wants to dismantle this agency.  Coal is dead. how  about training to install solar for miners?
Resign and become the lobbyist you always wanted to be.
we need a Dem. I know Perry! Are you kidding! A box of rocks...be a Dem or give up your seat please
Shame.
that guy who wanted to eliminate the agency? Great choice
are you still trying to rationalize your vote in favor of Sessions so you can explain it home? I bet it's a lot tougher now
thank you Sen Manchin. You are probably the only one democrat that cares for American ppl. Thanks
When are you going to tell your constituents that their coal jobs will be replaced by automation?
Don't waste your breath, DINO. #switch2GOPjoe
Check #naturalgas prices & #fracking wells. Do U think @GovernorPerry will put #Coal #Minors interest over those? #Retrain
you've got to be kidding me!
How can you call yourself a member of the opposition party when you don't oppose anything for which Trump stands?
why he needs to oppose when he agrees. There is nothing to oppose. POTUS wants strong and working America.
I vote to confirm the guy who wanted to abolish the Energy department
shockingly unqualified
how? Joe is great!
You are a traitor to the Democratic Party , join you lying friends of the Republican Party.
Please join the GOP
hell no we don't want him! Evan Jenkins will replace him next election. Make America Great Again.
I have never once driven through #WV and thought, "wow, the coal is beautiful in the fall, this is why I love my state!"
just go to being a Republican, we all see you for what you are
Bad choice Joe. Where's your conscience? His qualifications?
you sir should expect to be "primaries" #resist
Putting country over party… An admirable quality.
"Niggerhead". His ranch was called "Niggerhead".
Why not work on a Technology training bill
hmm Perry want to dismantle the EPA, Coal miners jobs are pretty much obsolete it's been replaced by technology.
Good choice Senator. He'll do the right thing by your constituents.
good grief
Disappointed. We should seek excellence not the uninformed.
how can Perry work with you when he has no clue what he's doing???
Senator UR people will follow U to the Republican party. Average people realize the Demos R not truly demos any longer.
I agree go caucus with the republicans. They def would appreciate the sensibility you have.
You seem to have the same misconception as Perry. It's the nuclear infrastructure really. Not so much about the coal. #Vichy
except coal isn't going to last forever, and we need to transition into alternative forms of energy. Also he isn't qualified
According to Rick Perry, Jesus will just make more. So that's a thing.
oh sure. Let's count on a God who (if he existed) established rocks as something that don't grow back nd (1/2)
you need to get ahold of the dogs @chuckschumer @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @repjohnlewis and tell them it's time to WORK!!
You are a traitor.  Call for 45s tax returns,  Sessions resignation and special prosecutor.  How do u sleep at night?
FOOL!  U R so going to lose ur seat!
nah he won't, not in this state!!
you are a stand up man who does not fold to the heavy bias and vitriol of your party
Ask Joe if he ever got a chance to visit "Niggerhead". Heard Rick's ranch is beautiful this time of yr.
He's a good no nonsense guy.
...With the brains of a toothpick and qualifications of a hamster.
It's time to consider other energy options besides coal and lead the way to clean energy and jobs in those markets.
it's time to consider Americans!!!
why you gave him the nukes man? 
great!!!
You are a Democrat the way a bowing ball is a condiment.
You have been cucked by the #GOP. I am sorry to say that you are a cuck, Joe. #Trumprussia #SessionsResignNOW
another unqualified member in the cabinet, truly must switch sides & species
I wish you stay true n not just saving your seat
