You need to remember that you are coming up for reelection next year and start representing W.V.and help our President
Misguided fool
Senator, I applaud your willingness to work with both parties in an attempt to solve our nation's issues.
Eww. No, thank you. @foxandfriends is not compatible with eating breakfast.
@Sen_JoeManchin isn't compatible with truth telling
You're their new favorite Republican.
Called your office inquiring about your healthcare vote. Told you made statement on fox &friends. Perhaps a statement on your own site too?
Certainly hope you are voting NO on Graham Cassidy healthcare repeal! (But don't watch fox and friends!)
Why don't you follow your governor and become a republican?
Please fight this health care bill
Only you would do an interview with Faux News!  You are a fake democrat!  We are going to vote you out!!!
You're getting caught up in Another TRUMP homemade BS Distraction! Mind YOUR business! Help THE people of Puerto Rico! TRUMP,  Mr. Russia!
You are not a Democrat and I often wonder if you are truly a public servant or a political puppet.
Sorry don't watch fake Fox News
Please vote noon Ghraham Cassidy
Please do NOT support the Graham-Cassidy bill. I mean, unless you want to kill people. And kill your political career.
I will pass. Please vote no on the #CassidyGraham bill. It hurts the citizens you serve
VOTE PROLIFE!!!
I'd rather have a root canal
Yeah, @Sen_JoeManchin is hard to take. One of the biggest liars in the business. But what can you expect from a Union guy
Why do you subject yourself to the worst news source in America? They lie more than Trump.
You will fit right in and your buddy 45 can watch
No, thanks.  I don't care to watch sycophants on that garbage fake news and propaganda network.
Well if the new attempt to repeal Obamacare doesn't include end individual mandates&tax, penalties then you need vote no. Ppl can't afford
Are you really Prolife?  If so, vote with the Republicans!
You're already a member of the Republican Party. Manchin must go
You're a liar. You won't support anything except the bankrupting Obamacare. Stop pretending you're even "moderate". You're just a fraud.
Why?
@Sen_JoeManchin please HELP with the Opiod Crisis!! http://ProjectIHAB.com 
Hundreds looking board as trump give history lesson
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy
Don't watch @fox. What's your vote on Trumpcare?
this guy keeps straddling the centerline, one of these days a bus is going to run over him, hey WV you need a new Senator ASAP.
From these comments you can see the danger of walking the middle road. Get on the path which helps people, not power; mercy, not money.
Common sense not big govt
Maybe you're right Senator, perhaps we should just fix Obamacare. It must be fair to the taxpayer...
Yeah, as a WVian I'll be tuning out. I'll watch @newsmax instead. How @foxandfriends can call you a great guy is beyond me. #Unionthug
Seriously? Why do u call urself anything but self dealing republican? Ur 1 sick,slimey pos. u support things u know 2b bad 4 general public
Senator you have to convince fellow Senator to vote NO on Graham/Cassidy this is not good for EVA or all elderly Americans.She needs vote NO
So disappointed in you and your lack of support for the only party who has helped your state. Dems sank its economy. Don't get it.





Well, I see you believe in FAKE FOX NEWS. YOU ARE A REPUBLICAN IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING! TIME TO VOTE YOU OUT!
You are not even from the state of West Virginia. How can you know who to vote out. You don't know what this state needs.
If you're going to behave like a redumblikin. Then change parties. You make me gag. Faux News needs to go off air. Sex abusers.
Announcing that you're becoming a #TrumpRepublican?
You have a unique ability to dance with the dummies. Loved your congratulations to @Morning_Joe #morningjoe10
Don't do F&F!!
FOX is fake news. Don't degrade yourself by going on their shows. They hire perverts and spew fake news and in with the Russian propaganda.
Joe, you misspelled it. It's Fox and Fiends.

Don't watch Fox
Why go on a right wing propaganda show like that????
SAY NO TO THE CURRENT REPEAL AND REPLACE BILL.
Please don't forget Vietnam Vets w physical wounds. We've waited 7 years for Caregiver Stipend paid to POST9/11. (86% w PTSD) Thks
Why go to them Jesus you are just a republican in democrat clothes
You need to be replaced with a conservative who believes in smaller government. Obama care was designed to fail to facilitate single payer.
Until you start working as a Democratic, I will not be watching you!! Stop cozying up to   in WH. He doesn't care about WV!!
VOTE HIM OUT!
Keep the affordable care act. Support Americans not yourself. #SaveACA
Vote no on the Graham Cassidy healthcare bill!!
We don't watch Fox. It is the mouthpiece for Traitor Trump and Putin.
No thanks! I'll be donating to @paulajean2018. I'd rather have a real Republican than a FAKE democrat! #SayNoToJoe

Please don't rip health insurance from us.  We need you to look out for the least of us.
Just wish you had a brain


Why? Be sure to vote against Trumpcare which is no care! Keep Obamacare. Your citizens need it badly.
Watching it now.  Still not seeming like a leader, only a follower on this issue. Get tough Joe!  Make it work!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
Sounds about right
Fox the lying station probably a Russian promoted hate filled dumb down so called news
Why?
bbb
LETS BE CLEAR. Robert Mueller is Costing YOU. 100K a day for 17 Lawyers. 45K a day in Staff. 30K a day Operational Costs. $175,000.00 A DAY 
You love getting in front of the camera dont you Joe? I wonder if Foxanddfriends knows about your investments in these bankrupt hotels?
You screwed us on repealing Obamacare you and your twin brother McCain need to go.
How you going to fuck over America this time Joe?
Talk to us Senator... tell us what we want to hear...
Well, one Democratic Senator I won't need to find funding for...
Guess it isn't hard to figure out which way u will vote on health care bill.R u kidding?Capito needs to go.She is a traitor to W.V.
Senator, Vote for tax cuts and reform the tax code. Vote to Repeal Obamacare and NO to Medicare for all. Get it done! We want choices.
Are you as rich as the Waltons? If not, then why would you want more tax cuts for rich people?

