Go for 50 more....
Too bad you suck up to trump
My wife and I are 18 years behind you.
Congrats but can't forget you support racist Sessions. Never!
Happy Anniversary!
#PaulaJean2018 #SwearenginForSenate
You guys are the best!  WV is so lucky to have both of you!!
Happy 50th Anniversary Joe and Gayle!
...congrats to the last JFK Democrat alive, and your lovely wife
Happy Anniversary! May many more years of happiness, and blessings lie ahead for both of you! I'd be lost without Denise Bohigian! #blessed
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY !
When are you switching to Republican
Happy Anniversary!!! 
TY for your vote of NO. TYVM for working for your constituents best interest. We are proud of you for keeping strong. Happy Anniversary 
Happy anniversary, Senator Manchin!
Congratulations Senator.
Congratulations, you look way too young!
Congratulations. Do you realize how rare it is for a couple 2 stay married for 50 years? A great testament to importance of love and respect
my mom, Norma would b so happy to see you Gayle so happy- congrats!
I wish you would help get rid of Obamacare, it is killing the American People. We have enough traitors in Congress. Help America First
May God Bless you both!  Such rarely do see stay married at all let alone 50 yrs 
Happy anniversary Joe and Gayle and God bless you!
Happy Anniversary! And many more happy years to come!
She's rockin those shoes. .Happy Anniversary you two.  Call me when you get a sec.
You look way too young to be married 50 years! Congrats!
like ya Joe but I wish you would switch parties. The democrats are doing you no favors. You could be a strong centrist voice for republicans
Happy 50th Anniversary!  We wish you well!
Happy anniversary. To celebrate, follow you governor's example.
Happy anniversary
Happy Golden Anniversary Joe and Gayle Manchin.
You two are role models for your children and the rest of us - your constituents.
Happy anniversary!
You are a blessed man Congratulations Now get some sense and become a Rep
Happy anniversary.
Congratulations handsome couple.
Congratulations. How old are you? You look 50.
Doug and I r so happy for you. We r on our 52nd. Have a great day
Happy 50th Anniversary!
time for you to join the Govenor and switch to the party of Lincoln.
Congratulations to you and Gayle for 50 years of marriage, and more years ahead.
Congratulations
Congrats Senator!
Wow! Happy Anniversary!
We're still waiting for you to come over to the @GOP, but you're a class act, Joe!
Congratulations to both of you.
Happy Anniversary!
Amazing!  Happy anniversary and many to come!
Cool!
Congrats u seem like a good guy. Make sure u use hand gel sanitizer after shaking Schumers hand. U have chance 2b like clay/Calhoun/Webster
Happy, happy anniversary!
Happy Anniversary Joe & Gayle...may you have many, many more hand holding years together
Mrs. Manchin is looking pretty good too!
Congratulations and best wishes. Gee what is your secret to youth? God bless you both.
Congrats 
Congratulations!
Blessings to you both !  How refreshing in this age of  'starter marriages' .
Happy anniversary!
Congratulations Senator Manchin on the 50 year anniversary of your marriage.  God bless you both!
HAPPY GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY
Well at least your were a senator on your Anniversary cause I dought you will be one at your 51st.
Happy anniversary!
Happy Anniversary, Senator.!
Happy Anniversary! Hope there are many more.
You are very lucky, as american people need health care for themselves or love ones so they can enjoy your long luxury of life.
Happy Anniversary to u both. Admire u as a rational, intelligent public servant from W.VA. , set u apart from the irresponsible Dems.#Trump
Happy Anniversary Senator!
Both keeping your vows. Wonderful testimony!
You better buck and and
Back Trump. That's what
The people of your state
Want . But since when does
What the people want matter
The people of West Virginia want 200K of their fellow citizens kicked off medicaid? Tough state....
You both look super, how old were you when you got married, 10?  Happy GOLDEN, go for DIAMOND.
Or how lucky WV is to have You as their Senator!
True
Happy day!
I hope you more truthful to her than your are to your constituents. I've not forgotten you with rifle shooting straight at Obama care. Rem??
That was cap and trade not Obamacare. Manchin has always supported the ACA and helped a lot a lot of people in WV get health care
Sen Manchin has always said the flaws in ACA that aren't working need to be fixed, but never said the whole thing should be scrapped.
congratz. tried 3x. not my jam but admire ppl who can.
You are a good man but still will be voted out soon.  Enjoy your time as a Senator Sir.
Chane to republican as you are good man
Wishing you many more years of happiness.
Celebrate by becoming a Republican, Do something to honor your state.
Please don't
Congratulations.
How blessed!
Vote REPUBLICAN!!
Happy 50th Mine and Pattys is in a month. Congratulations too both of you.
Congratulations! Have you ever thought about following your governor's lead and becoming a Republican?
Happy Anniversary & thank you for fighting the good fight 
Congrats to both!
Ya'll are just too, cute!
Congratulations!
Happy Anniversary, Senator & Mrs  Manchin 50 years and the Honeymoon ain't over, yet!
Congratulations!
Aaaaah how sweet and what would be just as sweet is if you jumped on over to our side we'll trade you for Susan Collins of Maine.
As a progressive, I'd take that trade in a heartbeat.
Done come on Joe say it's so!!!!!!!!!! Well even give ya a toofer.  Murkowski and Collins
