Thank you, could be more forceful. The administration today again proved to be incapable of leading this country. Resist.
It could be more forceful but I was shocked to see the Senator disagree with the ban at all!  It's a start.
I agree, we must keep the pressure on.
Obama did the same thing to Iraq for 6 mnths by halting immigra. Where were you then? Hypocritical or not to new Pres??
Obama's ban was much different.  It was more narrow in scope and he consulted with the intelligence community.
it  prohibited a class of people from entering    the US. Liberals did not complain. Hypocritical yes.
Obama never stopped people from entering US. Good synopsis here.
You send article WRITTEN by the opposition?  Manchin is wrong again on WV.   Sorry
i expect you to support our President, that we voted for decisions.  No Terrorist in WV.  That will not go over well.
Paranoia paints all with one brush. Get help. Dont live in fear. They wont hurt you.
you get help.  Minding your own business.
vote yes for Sessions
@anjel_cook 1/2 If you would stop voting with republicans like you have so many times when POTUS was in office we would have
To clarify, you oppose the extreme vetting measures and the immigration ban of Syrians and Muslims from six other countries?
the only #Democrat not opposing #Sessions. Just change your party now and leave us alone #DINO
hope you can get your colleagues to listen.
The family shld have thght of their child b4 climbing. ISIS has children too. Obama wiped terrorist list. Who's child is it?
Maybe if some people were getting put in place with the cabinet nominations the order could have been a little better
a five yr old grows up
Very tepid response. Weak
thank you, Senator Manchin.
agreed. Please do your part to fix this shameful mess
How R U even still a Dem?Nah Nah Nah Nah, u hear 2018 calling?We'll give GOP 60 seat majority if u all dont stop obstructing
A bit late and no mention of the constitutional and human rights concerns this EO raises. Be bold.
and thank you for speaking up.
we already have extreme getting. Please stop supporting Dark Cheetoneyous and his evil plans for America
I want u to work with them like they worked with us ZERO
It's only a delay-not a ban.  Help get the bugs worked out.  Keep up the good work.
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jan/29/jerrold-nadler/have-there-been-terrorist-attacks-post-911-countri/ … stop being afraid for no reason.
given your choice to remain ignorant in lieu of reading two paragraphs of facts I now understand your source of fear. Stay small
Thank you! I agree!
I guess the lost of my cousins life in the San Bernardino attack means nothing to you! Your party is to blame poor vetting
Lets make sense of this you want to bring people here who cost $20 grand to resettle, yet our US Veterans are homeless, evil
Thanks
Obama abruptly, ended "Wet Foot-Dry Foot" policy, just 20 days ago!  Cuban refugees were caught at sea. No Protestation ??
What members of the administration? Dems reuse to confirm the Presidents cabinet.  U R talking out of both faces & your ass.
#DINO  #DINO #DINO #DINO #DINO #DINO #DINO #DINO
You are simply an obstructionist, stop hiding behind fake issues.  Your term in office is coming to an end.  U repel voters.
#sessions is #anti-woman so are you. Please step aside so a real #Democrat can take your place #JoesGottaGo
Thank you for issuing this statement.  I agree that this EO takes the wrong approach in trying to keep our country safe.
Right on Senator Joe.We are facing more attacks on our soil and it will be on the progressive left. UR not a liberal leftist
I am concerned for my family who lives in Wva.  Do you care.
as one of your constituents, thank you for sticking up for what is right! #NoBanNoWall #NoMuslimBan #RefugeesWelcome
Appreciate the common sense. You know what "they" are doing, we need you to be a voice for decency, truth and sense.
You're a liar, Sessions staff wrote this and you've shown your values by voting yes for every Trump nominee.
you better start looking for a job joe! A Republican will have your seat. WV is ready for change. Your out bud
Finally a statement of yours I like!!!!
Thank you Senator Manchin
Really are you not aware they use children and women! I just read Ann Coulter tweet about you and  i have lost faith in you!
while you wish to work with the President, your Democratic party is far from it.  You are one of few who have common sense.
Thank you for listening to us! Next hurdle: Voting no on DeVos :)
Thank you for this!

Now vote NO on Sessions!
great job with Hoppy ... you are in a tough spot ... thank for questioning the WH
Please respect the votes that elected you.  Vote NO to Sessions and Devos. The world is watching.
Get your ass in there to confirm AG Sessions. U are establishment hack. U are going to be voted out of WV. promise!


Get in line with the President or you are out next election!!!!!
don't support Sessions!! It is not a matter of friendship, it is a matter of integrity!
Thank you for saying this, Senator. I would ask that you vote "no" on Jeff Sessions appointment, since he authored this EO.
There's still time for you to act on this opinion and vote NO on Sessions. Do the right thing, Senator.
hope all them immigrants vote for you cause if u keep it up no one else will
Then don't support @jeffsessions for AG.
a refreshing voice of reason. We need more like you in DC. Sad displays from @chuckschumer and @NancyPelosi
thanks for addressing this issue. Now let's talk about Betsy Devos.
It's what we voted for here. It's not the big deal the media is making it to be.
Thank you for speaking out agaist Trump's immigration EO. I urge you to also oppose confirming Sessions and DeVos.
thank you Senator Manchin.
If you really care about the civil rights of Americans you will vote no against the bigot @jeffsessions
Using this as a Partisan road block for senate confirmations is ridiculous. Please pressure you colleagues to do there job
and yet u will  it's to confirm Jeff Sessions. You should just change your name to Benedict Arnold
omggg finally! You actually took a stance! Joey! I don't agree with you 100%, but glad you're standing up against this
@wvstatejournal keep leaving @POTUS without a cabinet and 2020 will be his also
@wvstatejournal if you would get off ur arse and do ur job he would have a cabinet to consult
West Virginia is STILL one of the poorest states in the country yet the chest comes out for a travel ban. Unbelievable.
wow.  Hope you get voted out next election.
so vote against Sessions
ISIS vows to infiltrate & annihilate us. These TEMP travel restrictions are vital to improve procedures. Exceptions are made
I'm so disappointed.
Do the right thing Senator and vote no on Sessions, do the right before it's to late.
please support Trumps nominees and help get his cabinet full ASAP. I am a WV voter and I'm watching your actions carefully
so support the efforts of @realDonaldTrump since nearly 70% of West Virginians voted for him....don't lay low, be a leader!
Thank you.
Sessions was a main architect of Trump's EO helping to legally disguise what it is-->#MuslinBan.Please vote No to Sessions!
First time I've agreed on any stand you've taken recently. Let's see haw you flip on Impeachment.
No Thanks WV supports & @PUTUS I hope DC can keep UP with #TrumpTrain#BuildThatWall #draintheswamp#makeamericaSAFEagain
Glad you spoke against the Muslim ban, now turn that into action. The #WomensMarch opposes Sessions for AG. #RejectSessions
bolder stance would be appreciated. Vote no to Sessions. Protect us while you still can.
npvote no on sessions
about time. Don't expect my vote again. Being soft on real threats to our democracy is not leadership.
Thank you for this!
Thank you, Thank you, Thank you! Glad to see you off the fence!
I live in the 25301 zip. 30 years in education. Devoss is an unequivocal NO!!! Ignorance on the basic growth vs proficiency
thank you.
Please vote No to Sessions!  Avert from this dangerous and deadly path!
I would like to know who will feed,  clothe, house them?  Government welfare that's who.
Vote No on Sessions! WV DEMS say vote NO
Thank You Senator!  A voice of reason in Washington! Thank You for caring about safety AND foundational values!
Thank you for doing the right thing
Thank you! Now please vote NO on #JeffSessions and #RexTillerson. They are on the wrong side of issues like this.
Thank for for taking a stand against this. It's an affront to the hard work done by all DHS employees already.
thank you
Thank you! Please reconsider your vote on Sessions-he's a blank check to gut the Constitution.
Took you long enough.
Now show us you mean it and vote against Sessions for AG. Anything less is bullshit.
nice
thankful u see the truth.  Close attention required.
thank you Senator Manchin for standing up for what is right. Please continue to fight for what America is really about
Encouraging. Thank you, Senator.
thank you for taking stand and opposing. This discriminatory generalized executive order is not the answer.
Thank you @Sen_JoeManchin -- @SenCapito your turn to comment. Please make the right decision and oppose this immigration ban.
Thank you so much!  > 50% of the people impacted this weekend were children. #NoBanNoWall
.@Sen_JoeManchin Nice to see you do the right thing.
Re-think Sessions. Surely you see where this is going.
Thank you for speaking up. Now you must act: reverse course on Sessions. A yes vote for Sessions is a yes vote for Muslimban
Now to vote NO for Sessions.
DEAR GOD PLEASE VOTE NO! DO U SEE WHAT'S GOING ON NOW? POTUS IS UNHINGED TONITE! SESSIONS NOT ABLE 2STAND UP 4 THE PEOPLE!
Thank you Senator Manchin.
Vote NO on Sessions
.@Sen_JoeManchin Thank you, Senator. #NoBanNoWall
Vote no on Jeff Sessions.  Action is needed in addition to press releases.
thank you
Respectable move by @Sen_JoeManchin  - Need more members on both sides to stand up for what is right.
My statement on the Administration's executive order on immigration vetting measures: 
Vote against Sessions!
Thank you. 
Thank you! Given tonight's events, please keep Jeff Sessions from getting confirmed.
I appreciate your response. But there is a chasm between “not a common sense approach” and “illegal and unconstitutional.”
then please vote NO on Jeff Sessions for Atty General.
I sincerely thank you for speaking from the heart on this. Keep up the good fight.
Glad you landed on the side of the Constitution and intl law, Senator. Will be so disappointed in you if you vote Sessions.
Thank you for finally taking a side. The Democrats of West Virginia who voted you in need you to fight Trump and Bannon.
thank you for not falling down trumps rabbit hole. He is dangerous to our American life. Please fight for and with us
well, thank god, you can see this is horrible. I was beginning to wonder if you had a soul anymore.
THE HELL WITH IT JOE-WHY DON'T YOU JUST SHITCAN THOSE liberal CLOWNS AND BECOME REPUBLICAN. THE liberals HAVE HIJACKED DEMS
Thank you.  We already have extreme vetting that takes way too long.  We already don't take our share of refuges.
Thank you for speaking out on this, Senator. Please do the right thing and block Sessions!
Thank you so much, Senator Manchin.
Thank you for (finally) weighing in. Please vote "no" on Sessions and definitely "no" on DeVos.
, as a constituent, I thank you for speaking out.
This is not nearly enough but you broke your silence. I fully believe we will soon need a full disavowing of @POTUS from you
If you vote yes on Sessions, get the hell out of the party. You are not wanted. You are not with us.
Disappointed you voted yes on Tillerson#ReVote
also please do something about your ever full voice mail box please.
Thank you!
thank you Senator I wish @SenCapito had your guts. We were @ the #DemRetreat to support U & to let you know we're watching
Thank you, Senator.
thank you!
Thank you! I agree with you and Senator John McCain on this! We can't shut out the most vulnerable!
Follow these words with action! Vote NO for Sessions!
Glad to know you will work with Pres to refine/strenghen the exec order.  Are there any other sane Dems in the Senate?
it's a start. now vote no in betsy devos
Yeah well Jeff Sessions helped write it....are you going to still confirm him
Thank you for this statement. Please vote no on Sessions!
as an immigrant and now voting US citizen, Thank you!
I will not be voting for u next election, u don't want to protect Americans
.@Sen_JoeManchin Finally.  A little late, but thank you for standing up and speaking out.
Thank you, Senator!!!  I was beginning to think you'd quietly switched to the GOP.
thank you Sir
thank you Senator Manchin. Please reconsider supporting Sessions as well!!!
Thank you.
Not very good, Sen. Manchin, but better than it could be.  Come to Hardy Co.  Meet refugees impacted.  (Ask Mrs. Hawse)
i urge you to #StopSessions if you are serious about your beliefs. He was found too racist to be a judge, he cannot be AG.
show them some common sense...
THANK YOU.
.@Sen_JoeManchin More like you waited to see which way the wind was blowing and see if you had enough cover to do what was right.  Pathetic.
When Sarah and I read that, we thought the same thing.
Let's go out for dinner on the 10th. Sarah and I could stand to be around other intelligent couples.
That's my sister's birthday, gotta see if she's in town then so let me get back to you!
No worries.
Sorry you feel that way.  I don't believe many five year olds were effected!
This West Virginian agrees with your common sense stand. The ban makes us less safe.
the ban makes us "less safe" are you fuckin kidding me right now?
thank you. But, next time act sooner. Please continue to stand up for decency and protecting the Constitution.
#stopsessions, who was one of the architects of this:
the devil is always in the details, but 90% of getting the job done is deciding to make a start..better to fix than to nix!!
refugees are more vetted than Rex Tillerson. Vote NO.
That's a reasonable critique and a sensible starting point for dialogue and problem solving. Thanks.
Thank you, Senator Manchin.
BLOCK JEFF SESSIONS!!
please block the nomination of AG Sessions until this matter is resolved.
Thank you. We are all immigrants and we have many members of the Muslim cmnty here in WV who will be affected by this ban.
Our statement on the Administrations Executive Orders
Great job President Trump!!! @POTUS
Better late than never, hm?
Thank you for the straight forward response to a very bad order.
@SenCapito @RepMcKinley PLEASE VOTE NO ON DEVOS. Terrible PARTISON choice for education. She also needs to pay up the 5M$
Thank you. Common sense would lead you to also vote no on Devos, Sessions and Pruitt.
finally
