Oh, now I get it. A big, dumb, too-many-hits-to-the-head football player. That kinda explains your vote for Sessions. Shame.
did they promise not to go after your daughter if you voted yes?
nice pic Joe, see u tomorrow
holy white trash!
Happy 150th WVU. Maybe get Dem/GOP on football field for scrimmage? @Sen_JoeManchin @WestVirginiaU
you voted yes on Sessions. Other than you "know him". We deserve a reason why.
white supremacists stick together
Sorry #ReElection is not an option. Who votes for a traitor? .... Ah yeah .... only the deplorables!  #BlueDog #Shame
.@Sen_JoeManchin @WestVirginiaU How embarrassing.
sellout!
even as you sell them out. Shameless hack.
He was the ONLY Dem that voted for Sessions!! WTH!!
who is going to Primary this fool in 2018? Are we tired of these greedy over-compensators? #Primary2018
thank you Senator for doing your job and being a honorable American. Don't listen to the hateful left.
I hope they lose forever and ever and ever - voting sessions in is unforgivable.
@TheRichWilkins @WestVirginiaU Way to go voting for #Sessions! Making America White Again, eh?
who cares...you're bought and paid for...
This former football player is going to lose his job in the midterms for voting in favor of Jeff Sessions #JusticeDemocrats
I hope you had some more fight in you then than you do now. if not, must have been horrible player/teammate
Were you coward then as well?  #RejectSessions #ImpeachDonaldTrump #ImpeachmentSoon #Unpresidented
shame on you for voting for sessions. Pathetic
Would the guy in this picture vote to confirm Sessions?
If you don't totally support liberals you are wasting your time. My followers are very angry with your sell-out to Dems
Sellout.  We will vote u out.  How much did your vote 4 sessions cost? #StopPresidentBannon
Looks like you had some heart back then. What a disgrace that you voted for a racist Attorney General, @jeffsessions. Sad.
Traitor! West Virginia is one of the most racist states in the nation. Shouldn't be a surprise. Got to keep the kkk vote.
pussyboi
OH, fer cryin' out loud. Grow up. Get a backbone, you useless tool.
YOUR SEAT WILL BE REPLACED
Time to give up the glory days. But good distraction away from your Sessions vote
a "So-called" demoncrat that voted for a man who tried to lock up elderly AA's over voting rights. Good luck next election
You are the best Dem in the senate. Keep up the good work!
it looks like your going to need your gear again. The voters are pissed. This will be your last SESSION.
all of his constituents call joe to get an explanation about sessions vote 202-224-3954
Maybe you can get a job coaching after this gig in the Senate. Really, Joe...the ONLY Dem to vote yea? @WestVirginiaU
I can't believe you voted for Sessions. Where did your integrity go? Why can't we count on you? Shame.
Even then, it looks like u lacked guts.
not from your state....but as a democrat how could you vote for sessions? Democrats now more than ever need to be UNITED.
the #resistance will work non-stop to vote you out.
you voted correctly now leave the dark side and join the side that represents your state. #LeaveTheHate
#Shame on your #JeffSessions vote. I personally pledge my resources/time to your opponent in 2018. #goodbye
ugh, finishing the night reading game theory that we need you to keep abusing us. I feel like Jack in BB MTN.
You're the clearly in the wrong party. Maybe just switch to be a Repub before we throw you out? You're a pawn.
I don't live in your state but I look forward to sending money to your democrat opponent!
You voted for Sessions. You voted for racism, sexism, xenophobia, homophobia and every other ill that we've fought against!
primaried.
The only Democrat not playing politics in Washington
How dare you vote for Sessions.
wtf dude?! Why do you think that sessions will defend the law?! #traitor #resistance #whyiresist #Sessions
if only you had worn a helmet then you wouldn't have voted for Sessions today.

shame on you for voting for session!!! Sellout. I will vote against you!
I & many, many others will work tirelessly to primary you for your Sessions vote. Shame on you.
sessions? really? #primaried
Me too , except for the Backyard Brawl .
it's always the eggs, always the ones so proud of their deplorable selves. Scumbags. The lot of you.
You need pic of you riding the fence.
Please release a statement regarding your decision to vote for #Sessions as a democrat? Do u think this favor will b repaid?
I didn't know u played football at WVU.  Lookin good!!!!
Well spoken on @CNN tonight. You acted with class & fairness above the negativity with intent to heal America, not divide. 
the only nice Dem
You are welcome to him and any other Bensdict Arnold.
GO WVU
Looking good Senator, but you're on the wrong team now!  #MAGA
