Vote No!
What about Obamacare? Did you see that before you voted on it? Be honest your vote just depends on what party puts the bill up
I heard your "No"
Yes, Cindy, there is a WV & we care abt healthcare for our most vulnerable. Mom told us 2 call a bad deal bad!
Please do explain what the entire senate and country are having difficulty understanding but you do.
HEALTH CARE IN US is NOT a right-it is privl.;i worked 4 jobs put myself thru school;worked 4 jobs; earned my own-no one else my respons.
You r SMART! write a bill-simple give the money from Ocare to the STATES!
as a WV resident replace the whole thing.
Vote NO!  Please be sure to keep the pressure on @SenCapito
I think you're a Obama democrat and the people in West Virginia voted repeal you do not represent WV 2018 your done
If it's free it's for meeee!!! Where do I sign up ?
Thank you @Sen_JoeManchin for putting WVians first. #SkinnyRepeal
Looks like you and your daughter get to keep making millions while families pay out the noses.
"I didn't come to Washington to hurt people." ~ S. Moore Capito.  #WV
Does not matter 4 all dems will vote NO as they always do
Time for you to go Joe #maga
We need #MedicareForAll enough with this BS. Millions uninsured thousands die every year bc of it.
please repeal OCare-my sisters deductible is $6000-can't use the Ins. lives in Vienna
Disappointed in you Joe. Obamacare is ruining our lives out here. How could anyone defend what is totally indefensible. Sad beyond words.
It's ruined a lot of us West Virginians already so let's repeal it
Thanks for voting no!!   Too bad @SenCapito lied to all us about protecting our healthcare
Vote No! Protect WV
It sucks. The middle class gets screwed again
socialized big government health care= death panels;withholding meds;senior annihilation; tragedy for Charlie Gard--GIVE POWER TO THE STATES
You need to switch parties
Where was the bipartisanwhen Obama care got passed

Right. We'll all just sit down for the next few days and read/research this. Not. What is your synopsis? However,  thanks for voting NO.
Thank you Senator
Vote Yes!!! Its disgusting that working people pay for methadone and Suboxone. Synthetic heroin for you to make your money.
I thought the people can count on you, you are a good person with no personal agenda like others DEMS. but you didn't do it. SAD!
I think that the government is out of touch with real middle class people!
But so many in WV don't have great insurance or healthcare.
Vote no on all of the republican garbage. I live in WV and I call every day...so does my husband. We're lucky to have great insurance...
No, don't vote for it, Joe.   Keep West Virginians safe.  Have a heart
Please vote no on the #skinnyrepeal! It looks like a terrible bill!!!
Vote NO, Joe!  This will devastate WV and the country. #SaveOurCare
Vote NO!!
This is a one-sided bill, and a weak cop-out. Vote NO. Make the majority party work WITH the minority for a solution. End the games.
Vote yes.  Change the debate from "What is wrong with Obamacare?" to:  "Where do we go from here?"  We need a fresh approach.
Brief scan, offensive to women and their health, does not protect ppl with diabilities #saveourservices #SaveMedicaid
Too much selfishness the country is more than an individual Senators state sad commentary on state of the union Lou in AZ
Hell no!
Repeal and and pass regulations on healthcare prices. We all know a plastic bedpan doesn't cost $300. That's a pot of crap! #SkinnyRepeal
Vote no and #protectourcare !!!!
No! It does nothing but hurt WV.
Please vote no! The ACA may not be perfect, but it can be fixed. We can't throw the baby out with the bathwater to give the 1% tax breaks!
Don't think it benefits WV. Please vote no.
#VoteNo
Nay
#Vote NO Stand strong, Joe! @Sen_JoeManchin
West Virginians voted for Trump 2:1 over Hillary.  Your constituents want Obamacare to end.
Know you will vote no. Convince Shelley!
I urge you to vote against this.
Go for it Joe
Please set the example and vote for it, then work it out together. Obamacare has failed, it is over. No insurance carriers.
Does this bill make health insurance more available or affordable to the people of WV?  This is an easy NO vote Joe!
Joe you have to talk to Capito this bill will hurt millions.
Please protect us by voting no.
#VoteNo
No
Most Anything is better than ObamaCare
@Sen_JoeManchin quit pretending like your doing something about HealthcareYour not fooling me You talk the talk but don't walk the walk
#VoteNO on this bill, which would destabilize individual markets, increase premiums, strip care from millions, and hurt thousands of WVians.
- Looks like it keeps worst parts of Obamacare and does nothing for cost. Worthless
Please don't vote for it.
This kicks the can. They have NO PLAN or ideas. This "bill" is a disaster. Vote NO!
Fix and improve healthcare needs to be bipartisan and involve healthcare leaders. Lives at stake should not be politicised.
Stand strong against this nonsense.
#VoteNO, a great big NO, on this bill - would increase premiums, strip care from many West Virginians, and destabilize the markets.
Awful. Will spike premiums on middle class and small biz.
How is increasing the $ allowed in health savings going to help those who have NO MONEY to put into it? Vote no! Pls tell @SenCapito too!
Senate deciding on our healthcare while you have cadillac plan paid my taxpayers.
Asking you and @SenCapito to vote no. Careful consideration is due, not a rushed vote. Why must everyone fixate on repeal?
REPEAL!!!
That bill sucks please say no
Healthcare means more drug treatment which means less crime. Healthcare makes us safer.
A "skinny repeal" is still a repeal without a plan to preserve care for WV families and those battling disease of addiction. Please vote NO.
Looks like a disaster waiting to happen......No plz #WVPROUD
Repeal of individual & employee  mandates will drive economic growth. Ppl can work more than 30 yrs a week & there not forced to buy Ocare.
Vote NO Joe..And please talk to your misguided REPUB partner there. She MUST stand for WVians.
It's garbage Senator, as you well know. Please make sure @SenCapito doesn't sell us further down the river. WV requires you both do the job!
Vote no!!! It's ridiculous!
Time to do what is right for the people not the party. The ACA fails no matter if this bill passes or not Time to fix what DC broke Vote yes
Absolutely no.
Please hold fast to NO
Vote yes
No! If this is the best they can do after 7 years, the #Mountaineers are screwed. 
It's terrible, Senator. Would hurt WV families- let @sencapito know!!
No good. Ask how this legislation would actually improve lives. If it won't (it won't), try again. I hear ol' Bernie's working on something.
No
Vote no, Joe. WV deserves better than this. Please do what is right.
Vote no!!!!
Repeal
Not interested you dems and repubs have wasted our time.
Vote NO!!
If they were proud of this bill, they wouldn't have scheduled the vote at midnight. Send this back to committee. And thank you, Senator.
Did they write this bill during yesterday's lunch?
Passing a bill they know will crash the system so it can NOT be passed later ALL so they can avoid working w demsnto fix Obamacare. Shameful
Please no. Needs debate and discussion, not middle of the night promises that it will change for the better.
It is a real start, nothing in Obama care fits the new program. You talk well but you are selling the wrong program.
This was my card that I had to buy from the GOVT for a pre-existing condition! NOONE WOULD INSURE ME! I still have ALL OF THE DENIAL LETTERS
Please vote no.
They are making a mockery of our country.
The employee mandate will spur economic growth. Put more money in West Virginians pockets. Individual mandate isn't freedom.
No.
Vote no
This is what you call a cluster mess!
No! We wanted MORE complete cover age for less $$. Planned Parenthood is SO much more that abortion. Health screening, cancer detection, +
No
NO!
Omg!!!
You have to ask? NOBODY in the entire Senate wants the bill to become law. Graham called it fraud, disaster. Tell @SenCapito to vote no too!
Plus I don't trust Paul Ryan. Will be passed and on to POTUS before you can blink. Will be too late to stop
Without individual mandate no plan will be affordable. Uninsured  by choice still get sick. Debt hurts healthcare industry and raises cost!
High potential for disruption if insurance market resulting in loss of coverage. Please vote no
No
How could any R or D vote for something like this that McConnell is rushing.....
Tried calling Capito office...mailbox full...she needs to vote no....pass the word
Hearings and public testimony need to be had before passing anything of this magnitude.
This will ruin some lives, end some lives. How could anyone vote for this?

no, no, no....vote no....support PP, preexisting conditions, LGBT rights....do the moral and right thing for Americans
"If the people who wrote this bill were proud of it, they wouldn’t be forcing this vote in the dead of night." 
Sen. McConnell 2009
Your gonna vote with this guys party? Read it again. Who speaks like this ever?
This is the worst kind of political brinksmanship. This is not how Senators make laws in this country. Vote no, Joe.
No!
Ok u gotta be kidding did u see yr states response to @SenSanders ? What abt black lung widows ? & this
You can't be serious.  If you are thinking of voting yes on a bill you are just getting now?
No.
Vote No And tell @SenCapito to vote NO !
Awful.
Don't vote for something you only have a few hours to read. This isn't a game for us in WV. Vote no. Please!
It looks awful- pls vote NO
Please vote no. #SkinnyRepeal
Stinks
Ack. NO
Please stand strong in your NO VOTE. Both process & substance of skinny repeal r terrible & would hurt so many. We need you to #SaveOurCare
Looks good. Let's repeal it and work together on a bill that will be great for all Americans @Sen_JoeManchin
Lol. Like that's going to happen if Obamacare is repealed. If Rs could actually do that it'd already be done.
If anyone works with the Republicans I think it's Joe. @dmolsen @Sen_JoeManchin
So you honestly think Rs, who could pass *anything* on their own, will work with Dems they don't need to replace Obamacare after repealing?
And to top it off, Rs who have chosen this strategy to repeal?
You've been a candidate and are running again. Do you think this is a good way to approach legislating healthcare?
What's your ideal healthcare format? Looks like you don't want mandates but want coverage that those mandates pay for.
terrible, No, Will Senator Capito do the right thing and vote no
Not for West Virginia.  
@Sen_JoeManchin repeal and get government out of our daily lives. Please listen to @RandPaul
I took speed reading in college, you couldn't possibly have read that already. Go. Read please. Make informed decisions.
Disaster #voteno
There is nothing good about this. The process and the bill are painful. Please help stop it.
No.
No!
It's not good, Joe!
A disaster
For the sake of WV vote no!
Just skimmed over the bill.  They want to eliminate funding for Public Health Fund and delay medical device tax for three years.
Please do not vote in favor
Yes It's a start.
It's terrible.

Repeal!
No!

Fuck no
