Just thought I would make you aware of this.
Why r u people thanking this guy# manchin your all SHEEP! Now sit back and see what comes next and u can bet it wont help West Virginians!
Never considered to work with joe Arpaio?.. He is a friend of Trump, like you...
Is this more "all talk, no action"???  Still seem to be DEM drone for most issues.  Go @realDonaldTrump ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
Keep up the great work Senator! Glad you are staying on the Hill!
Did you also congratulate him on approving Trump's decision to pull out of Paris Climate Accords?
Thanks Joe! We need your voice on our side.
I hated you as governor of WV but now you can help the country get Trump's agenda done to Make America Great Again. Switch to Repub. @POTUS
I would like to see you run for President.
A lot of work serving corporations and coal barons.  Until @paulajean2018 beats you in the 2018 primary, that is.
Thank you Senator Manchin
Don't team up with the nut in the White House
Best news I've had all day....
You're a  Republican in Dems clothing. Your daughter CEO of Mylan ripped off millions of Americans with over priced Epi-pens!  Work to do?
WHY PEOPLE ARE ACCEPTING THIS MAN AS DEMOCRAT???
That's good news indeed! Thank you for sticking with it Senator.
Explain again how voting for the confirmation of Sessions and Tillerson was beneficial to West Virginians.
Well, saying "again" implies that he explained it before. That's behind us now. Stay far away from joining the administration
Manchin said in statements that he was voting to confirm because Sessions and Tillerson were friends. Sorry, that is a huge problem.
You should leave Democratic party, you work better with Trump and Republicans... and you would be payed by Corporations anyway
Fund the wall Joe, you know it is Right!!!!!!!!
yes, but you think & act like a republican.  You would win no matter the party to which you belong.  Don't be ashamed to chg
Will you stand up to @SecretaryZinke & @Interior on behalf of West Virginans health?
True
Thank you for your hard work.
Hope you do stay in the Senate. The WH is radioactive.
But, Senator... I have a doubt now... DID YOU VOTE FOR @realDonaldTrump OR FOR @HillaryClinton , LAST NOVEMBER???
This answer is incredible from a "Democrat"!... Not a single word about Trump's terrible politics!
Sen_JoeManchin BOTH of Protestors Grps were Violent & there4 WRONG n their approach! Wish there had been MUCH more involvement of police!
I like you Joe but I support your opponent WV needs a GOP senator the DEMs offer nothing but obstruction and which hunts you wanna be that?
Senator Manchin made a good decision.
Then you should defend Pres Trump, WV's choice, against malicious attacks. I read transcripts & watched 3 C'ville speeches. They're great.
Thank you for staying in the senate !
I wish more of our public servants were like you! I pray that you will have the  strength and wisdom to press forward for all Americans!
thanks Joe. you see thru the trump intent to lure you out of your Senate seat & let newly republicanized governor fill it.
Thx for not allowing him to place you in another position so our flip flop Governor could select a GOP senator and stack the voting deck.
Nice way of saying "No way I would work for that idiot in the Whitehouse".
You are a typical beholden Democrat
I wished you had time to answer West Virginia truckers  we will be in D.C Oct 3 thru 7 we need a meeting with you
Thank you for working for all Americans by being Senator of the great state of West
Virginia.  Your voice helps to calm the storm.
Thanks for staying Joe
Run Joe Run!
You mean resisting our presidents agenda that the people of West Virginia voted for NO THANKS
This is what west virgina will get if they reelect this idiot.all history will be erased and thousands will lose jobs and taxes will go up.
Thank you West Virginia and America needs you in there with your common sense approach!
Thank you, we need you .
Thank you
Show the rest it can be done, follow Jesus, not policy on either side just because the rest say so. This nation needs 2 turn back to Christ!
Please take the job if it's offered. We need logical people in that cabinet influencing the president. #wvlivesmatter
Thank you! Made my day!
Thank you Senator for your service and for remaining in the Senate.  We need your voice!
Glad you are sticking around. There is important work to be done
from another working TAXPAYER in West Virginia
Great news!
Thank you!
Big thank you, Senator.
Thank You
Thank you!
So is that a NO?
Thank you sir
Just stay a Democrat for Christ's sake. Don't lean right when you truly don't believe it benefits West Virginians.
Do lean Right,  as in the right way to serve. Be a liberal conservative . I believe you want what is Right for all U. S.
YOUR THE BEST JOE KEEP UP THE GOOD HARD WORK YOU DO FOR US!!!
Thanks for putting West Virginians first on this. Stick with us & we will stick with you!!
Well you didn't come together for healthcare when what we have is failing!!! What you want another bailout?? NO!
He'd hire you, wait until your seat was filled in WV.
And then fire you.
Good news since Justice has become a Republican overnight. No honor in serving 45
Should b serving the Country, believing 44 was the great redeemer got us in this mess.  Serve God and mankind, Not a man.!
Thank you. Keep working for WV. My family and I will support you.
Thank you
Plus you can make more money in the Senate - the gravy train is longer
Thank you Sen M. Big hugs
Dont want to get caught up in that mess or is it that you dont have any russian connections?
I don't believe he does. He left that to Obama and Hillary
We will see. Mueller says 3mo to learn his findings. Hillary has already been investigated and cleared. Keep up!
You only have 2 choices pal. Take Energy Sec or switch to Republican. If not you get routed in re-election in 2018. #FreeFact I just gave.
Thanks Joe for your maturity, common-sense & dedication to our WV family! Glad you remain focused on our representation in the Senate!
Thank you Senator Manchin!
We need more centrist Democrats like you sir. Keep fighting the good fight
stay in senate plz. run for prez after djt is gone or run against him. DONT SELL YOUR SOUL TO THE DEVIL.
Keep up the good fight  Thanks for making WV your top priority not brownie points from the WH
we MUST move to clean energy. these floods in wv r frm climate change! im a flood refugee.
Thank you for sticking with us, Senator.
trump admin taints everyone. dont do it plz.
joe that is being offered only to delete 1 dem vote in senate. dont do it plz.
Thank you for all your service to Mylan and to yourself.
Than you. You have made the correct decision. You didn't fall for the oka. Doka
I see somebody gets it. Partisan politics are bringing us down. Do the right thing Senator.
Yay! Thank you, Senator!
We need more level headed people like you in congress. Thank you for serving.
Good news. Thanks, Sen. Manchin.
Thank you! We need u right where you r!!
The best place for you for West Virginia is the villages in Florida
Telling words: "I believe that RIGHT NOW......." Just reading the tea leaves, you have a different  agenda for your future and it's not WV.
Thank u sir! We need your voice!!!
Continue standing for the West Virginian people by addressing global warming!
No. Put our people to work and address the drug epidemic. That would help West Virginians.
Obviously there are many policy decisions that would help Appalachian people. Collectively, we've only named a few.
More power and autonomy in Senate that a lackey in DJTs cabinet.  Treats cabinet members appallingly.
We don't want you to continue to work we are going to fire you
