Yes.  Manchin's daughter is CEO of MYLAN, the pharma that stole $600 million from Medicaid. Trump rewards manchin and the daughter (Bresch)
Are they cutting back help for the patients? Is there a plan? Why is big pharma allowed to give kut like candy?
Please dont leave the state that loves you to get a position you may get fired from a few days later!! We need you as a senator!
Remain a senator. Don't let these republican bullies take you out. Trump is a sinking ship. Stay true to the citizens you represent.
They think he may possibly work for Trump! Joe Manchin usually votes for whatever the Repubs vote for, dont let him fool you!
Then this would give them the 50 votes for the Repeal of Obamacare!
Please don't join Trumps administration plz
They will replace you with a Republican to help kill healthcare .
Why don't you just become a Republican, Joe?
He doesn't give two flying farts he just bought you you are a man that has been bought he can flip everybody all around with his damn money
Sen Manchin, the energy policies u will have 2 support r really bad 4 our country, bad 4 the world and, therefore, ultimately bad 4 WV
smoke and mirrors-open your eyes
Stay in the Senate, this is a fools move to only add to R's majority
When are YOU or Sessions -- the guy YOU voted to confirm as Atty General -- going to condemn violence from white domestic terrorists in VA?
"Pleased to see realDonaldTrump ..."????? No real Democrat could begin a sentence like that!!!!
If you want to help the people of WV, save Obamacare & don't joint Trump Administration!
What does it profit to give up your soul for Secretary of Energy position? Save WV and save Obamacare instead!
We will do everything in our power to vote you out. #Medicare4All #FightFor15 @justicedems
Dt is all talk & no action on this subj  & many others that would better this country. He once said he wouldn't mess w/Medicaid! U R better
Trump's declaration is lip service especially since he wants to deprive 24 Million of healthcare! Save Obamacare! Don't turncoat, Joe!
We need leadership like yours in the Senate now more than ever
Sen Manchin, pls don't sell ur soul to Trump and ur country "down the river" by giving ur Senate seat to a Repub. Country first!
Agreed. Don't do it.
It's about US don't screw people to beat Trump.We pay more taxes than any other country. Pride before fall.
PLEASE vote for repeal & replace!
People can't afford BOcare; putting them under, horrible coverage
Legalize!!!
Are you going to help @realdonaldtrump harm millions of Americans by changing jobs so he can kill ACA #healthCARE?fix it-single payer option
Attention 2 the opioid crisis & $'s to combat it r great 4 WV, but r things Trump s/have done anyway. They r not worth trading away ur seat!
We also have a state of emergency in our WH & you'd best stay away from the taint of joining #TrumpTrain as it crashes into the Constitution
Than don't leave the Senate!  If it wasn't for that 50th vote needed to repeal ACA you wouldn't even be considered.  Protect Medicaid!
Take the money for that ridicules wall and put it to opioids programs.
cut taxes & repeal insurance mandates.Constituents will respect you.John McCain asked you all to do something.Do it.
We need U in Senate, to help battle the opioid crisis, don't fall for the President's plan to steal healthcare away by send u to @ENERGY
Please don't not take the Secretary of Energy position. We need you in the Senate to fight for us.
Please don't leave your Senste seat! !!!!!
What're u gonna do? Hold em or fold em? We're watching
Please don't take secretary of energy post - Jim justice will replace you with a republican!
You proudly serve the people of West Virginia? No Sir, You've Deceived the people of West Virginia. Your political career will be over soon.
Don't betray #wv by taking a position as secr'y with Trump so he can get a rep in your seat to destroy the ACA and take $ from opiod matter
please consider staying a Sen. You can serve the needs of WV or watch Democracy fall. This admin is toxic.
DO NOT BE TAKEN IN! Don't fall for his bribes/overatures. Everyone who gets near him gets screwed.
You seem like the only Dem with half a lick of sense. Only half, but you're getting there! #MAGA
Yes but what about #Charlottesville?  Any comment?
Just normal people exercising their constitutional right to free speech, what's the problem here?
Please Say " It ain't so".
Please Joe, stay away from the cabinet position. We need you in Congress to block the tax plan for the rich and the repeal of the AHA. Thx
Don't take this job Trump. They last about a week then you are out. He only want you to help repeal ACA then you are no longer useful to him
DO NOT take the job in the House. Trump is trying to get a Republican in your place in Congress. Can't lose you.

Say it ain't so Joe! To pass Trumpcare & devastate millions of ppl, Trump considering .@Sen_JoeManchin as Energy Sec http://bit.ly/2wCuvBs 
Not if he takes healthcare! Someone who is detoxing from opioids can do a lot of stealing and crime, just to get a fix. They NEED treatment.
If you care for WVians, the answer to Trump should be NO. You saw him in action during #Trumpcare. It would have devastated West Virginia.
Don't do it Senator. Trump will throw you under the bus and seal your legacy in WV as The person who sold out WVians on Medicaid.
If he gets his way and cuts Medicaid, because you take job in his failed admin, the Opioid epidemic in WV will spike. What a legacy to leave
Don't do it!  Don't be a puppet.  Stay with the citizens you represent as a voice of reason.  Please.
Don't think for a second Trump did this out of the goodness of his heart! He wants to win and he wants to win you over to the Senate! Evil!
Would you sell out the country for a job? I think you will. I've called you a traitor in the past and I call you a traitor today.
If you're truly concerned about the danger this epidemic poses, don't vacate your senate seat. You're being used. Stay, fight to protect WV!
Are you going to sell America out ????????
I pray to God you read this...STAY A DEMOCRATIC SENATOR...otherwise, you will help Trump and the Republicans DESTROY HEALTHCARE!!!!
Please DON'T take any cabinet position Trump might offer to you! We need all the Democrats we have in office and hope to add more in 2018.
Please don't forget, to decrease demand for Oxy, TREATMENT FOR ADDICTION CRUCIAL!
Trump stated it was an emergency, but has not declared a state of emergency. I believe there's a difference, here. Correct me if I'm wrong?
The people of West Virginia need you - please remain in the Senate. Do you really want your LEGACY to be as a member of the Trump Admin.?
Opening the door for Trump to doom millions to die.
He didn't until his owners said it was okay. He stated it wasn't then once the money was found he was all in.
1st off he only said it wen ?ed By a reporter!Wasnt really going to address it!And do the right thing stay in Senate its a ploy to get votes
U know this to be true!U were elected to help your constituents this would harm them by leaving Senate! If u really care for WVirginia stay
So is this what it took to sell us out???
REMAIN A DEMOCRATIC SENATOR, for the love of this country
Please do not take the cabinet position. You will doom us.
Please remain the the senate. We'll do whatever you want.
Don't do it Joe.  You can see what they are up to.
If you take the position to serve this madman once they give your seat to the republicans you will be fired and lose your seat. Don the Con
Please do not even consider Energy. This is purely a move to get you out of the Senate. This clown will be gone soon anyway.
Think about the people of West Virginia. Don't leave the Senate!
Don't let GOP/Trump buy your vote. Stay in senate & do your part to save HC for millions of people. America needs you right where you are.
Hold on to 2018 for Blue wave
Trump's empty gestures won't help WV addicts, but ACA/Medicaid expansion does & will. Don't abandon the senate - American lives depend on u.
Don't take any cabinet positions with Trump admin, it's a trap.
You're a #traitor if your give up your seat to kiss trumps ring
Don't let Trump use you to advance his insanity.  Stay loyal.  Stay true.  Stay strong.  Country before party.  Country before yourself even
Please stay a senator!! America needs you!
Please remain a senator and don't let this admin's agenda go unchecked. It would be catastrophic to our country.
Please DO NOT quit the Senate! You will align with a corrupt administration & it will take you down! & you will put give GOP a repeal vote!
If you accept the nomination for Trump's cabinet you will be responsible for millions of people losing health care.
He's trying to curry your favor to get you to help pass #TrumpCare. Don't fall for it!!
On Monday Trump will Nominate WV Dem Senator to a Cabinet position
so the Repub Gov can then appoint a republican Senator & repeal Obamacare
Oh Manchin please no.....why are you all so willing to sentence millions to die?  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
#Complicit
I honestly believe if you take energy job it will be a career ender. Stay true to your morals
Sen. Manchin, please do not abandon people of West Virginia for position as Sec of Energy Dept. They count on u to protect their healthcare.
Plse do not ruin your reputation w going into corrupt Trump Admin. Country needs your Dem vote 4 Senate! Trump needs WV to turn Repub vote!
What kind of Example does it send 2 your Grandkids&Family? A Dept of Energy U Will Be Dismantling!
If u leave Millions Will lose their Healthcare! U Don't want that Legacy!U R Being Used!TRUMP'S ILLEGITIMATE PRES WILL END SOON!STOP!
Please put the rumors of Energy Secretary to rest? Ask Sessions if he misses his Senate seat now? Hitching your wagon to Trump = epic fail.
Joe
Please please stay in the SENATE  don't leave the Dems
We are with you!!
If U vacate this seat, you do so KNOWING Justice will temp appoint a GOP senator giving GOP 50 votes to repeal ACA.
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-08-11/manchin-is-said-to-emerge-as-possible-pick-for-energy-department …
Don't betray your party, state and country.  Remain in your Senate seat and continue serve the people in the capacity u ran & were elected.
Are you planning to abandon the democratic process to join the orange man? You have lost your mind! You are too smart !
PLEASE DO NOT LEAVE YOUR SENATORS SEAT TO BE ENERGY SECRETARY ITS A TRICK JUST TO VOTE DOWN ACA AND JUST USE YOU!!! #trumpisaUser
Why would u go directly work for Trump and have the governor appoint a republican in your place..
Is this going to be more of that Mexico will pay for a wall and it will be so easy to repeal/replace Obamacare bullcrap?
If U leave WV.. YOU OWN a sure losing/deadly  position in the opioid crisis in YOUR STATE .Do U want that 2 be your legacy in #DEMSENATE
Please don't be a pawn in the trump world. You will disappoint all who voted for you!  Trump would chew you up and spit you out I. A second
You don't really think @realDonaldTrump is going to support adequate funding. If you do, I've got a Dept of Energy you might want to buy...
Do not be bullied into taking energy secretary job.  Your constituents are depending on you @Sen_JoeManchin
PLEASE DON'T TURN YOUR BACK ON DEMS IN WV. Is it fair that u won dem but trump will put Repub in to replace you with his new Repub gov!?
Senator: Without you in Senate to help protect us, millions of desperate Americans & their children will lose healthcare. PLEASE stay.
Do not let trump put in his cabinet. Once he doesn't need you there you will be fired. No senator or secretary anymore#canttrustyrump
No new coal jobs, no health care, no money for opioids. No retail jobs. No tech jobs. Wait.
Not because you deserve it but because they want your seat to place a trump stooge
Please don't sell out the democrats and your constituents.  If they offer you the energy position you know they are doing it for one reason
let's see him back up the meaningless drivel with actions.
Senator please stay in the senate, don't give Trump another republican seat
So, Joe Manchin "doesn't care about getting elected" because he's joining Trump admin. Remember this, WV, in about a year.
If you accept the #secretaryofenergy position, your political career will be over by the time #trump is #impeached think how long that is
If u go to work for the pig Trump - I swear to God we will find a way to destroy u.
I seriously hope you are not considering a position in Trump's cabinet. You KNOW he's only doing this to get enough votes for healthcare.
This would be selling out your party to work for a mentally unstable and unfit president who would just be using for his own gain.
I hear you're going to go to work for @realDonaldTrump? You switching parties too? You're getting ready to sign a contract with the devil 
This great no doubt SENATOR. However , I hope you are not leaving you Senate seat to join Trump's cabinet. PLEASE DO NOT DO THIS.
THE ONLY REASON HE IS DOING THIS IS TO GET YOU OUT OF THE SENATE TO REPEAL OBAMACARE. I BEG YOU DO NOT DO THIS! PUT COUNTRY FIRST
Please do not take the Job as energy secretary, we will do everything we can to reelect you
Please don't take the Trump bait.
Please Sir DO NOT take cabinet position in Trump Administration 
Don't you DARE take a cabinet postition under 45 - your name is pretty much mud already, but u do this? You'll live in infamy #TheResistance
Is this a payoff for agreeing to take the Dept of Enegy job?    So disgusted with all of you ..
If tRump offers U Energy Sec., U MUST say NO. U can't let him steal a Dem. Senate seat that way b/c U know VA gov will put a Repub in UR 
Maybe you could try to be supportive of him
What side of history do you want to be on Joe? Don't be a sell out and contribute to the destruction of our democracy.
Whatever you do, don't discuss the REASON why so many in WV turn to drugs.
Have you not noticed Trump makes a grand new gesture every day?
Please don't bail on people of West VA to allow Trump to take away ACA & Medicaid from people who need it. Stay in Senate 
Seconding this.  Your voice and your vote is needed in the Senate now more than ever.  Please stay in your senate seat 
Sorry, you all sound much lovelier than me....it's 4am, can't sleep, with no coffee yet.
Finally something of value!
I hope you're not selling your soul so McConnell can bring that tax cut healthdontcare.bill up and pass it with your seat filler
since you did nothing in the last 8 years it takes a strong leader to go after the drugs in our country that are killing people.
SWITCH TO THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!
The fault is with the patient but also the medical doctors for freely allowing the drugs to be a crutch for more serious problems, jail time
I thought that WV didn't believe in government handouts.
An emergency the likes of which we've never seen.  It's huge. Posturing? Yes.  Grow some, tell the world what an idiot he is. Come on Joe.
@POTUS announced this on Twitter. No one believes his Twitter Tantrums - and for damn good reason!
As a former West Virginian and WVU alumni, I think it's time @Sen_JoeManchin switches parties. Join the GOP and unite the state. You should.
#PutinBot @TeaPainUSA
I'm in awe over the fact that NO ONE has the guts to stand up to this man#nuttrump & tell him 2his face he is a #colluding #scumbag #POTUS!
Gov. needs to own some the crap that they send down to us
started 10 years ago when gov. decided RNs & Dr.s didn't listen to the pt. on pain levels. gave us CEs to do, and told us to give more drugs
Joe, Mr Trump has done more for WVA than any president, and you are a democrat?
Why don't you stop the pharmaceutical co. From making them. Opioids have been illegal since the 20s.
Joke declares a state of emergency because white folks don't say no to drugs like Nancy said 4 blacks crack epidemic
Call me back when something is actually done. Talk is cheap and so is Trump !!!
No amount of emergency declarations will save us if 45 starts WWIII with NKorea
Bullshit. Where's the $s?
Become a #Republican. Come on in, The water's fine!
#PutinBot @TeaPainUSA
Did he really? Or did he give some unclear comment about just contacting some authorities?  Is it real? Are emergency funds available?
Could the illegal aliens in Dunbar potentially have anything to do with directing illegal drugs through the state?

Legalizing marijuana only opens the door for more drug problems. WV does not need additional problems
He just wants to put everyone in jail!
Please stop placating this imbecile occupying the White House!! He doesn't give a crap about the people of WV!!
WV is "devestating" itself. Let the pill heads DIE. Somebody please take some personal responsibility for themselves.
Senator, where was your president when West Virginia was being washed away in horrific floods this past month?
No amount of rhetoric is going to solve this problem. Do something about big pharma and the fact that they are just legal drug dealers.
This is exactly how I feel. If we threw Big Pharma execs in jail the way we do pot dealers - problem done.
Until serious legal action is taken against the doctors and pharmaceutical companies pumping these pills out nothing will change.
Before we celebrate, let's see if there is any funding.
you ready to switch , you are welcome .
#PutinBot @TeaPainUSA
All well and good (probably meaningless); but we need YOU to stand up and speak out against NK war talk coming from Trump.
Is the Trump organization running one?
If it works we could use it in our prison systems. Turn a third of all prisons into Therapeutic Communities for non-violent drug offenders.
Must be Opioid Week. 
addicts the training they need. Boomers have been there and have skills and degrees to help them reintegrate. A good job is the best defense
How about getting ex-addicts in the fight? Nobody knows drug addiction better than recovered addicts. It would remove stigma, and give young
Senator, West Virginia needs to be much more business friendly to some manufacturing companies. We need to get the people back to work.
#job
Be careful. You don't have any idea what this means or what DT will actually do.
Maybe do something about price gouging, like Epi-Pen, you know your daughters company that you voted for Sessions to get dropped?
New research suggests there may be surprising solutions to the #opioid crisis (hint: #marijuana and derivatives):
Thanks for the retweet!
It is time to stop coddling self destructive addicts. Tie assistance to self help.
I'm impressed with the counselors and others providing daily support.
We hope, you can't trust anything he says
Not gonna matter when he pushes the buttons to look like the big, bad dude and destroys our world!
If you had universal healthcare you wouldn't have epidemic. One patient/one MD. No doctor shopping possible. Best solution.
Can't believe you're optimistic about Anything to do with this Presidency..
Yeah...it was like icing on a shit-cake after that press conference!
I though Lyin @jeffsessions was going to criminalize druggies to fill his private prisons. 
Obviously, your state's sick, slavish devotion to this traitor had nothing to do with that, right? #Impeach45
Think u could get plaintiff's lawyers to quit sending folks to pain drs in order to drive up costs & their settlement fees?
Ceremonial posturing.  Let us know when you guys have a real plan. 
You're an idiot, Joe.  He wants to lock them up for longer period of time.  ANY medicaid cuts take funds away from help for the ones needing
You need to either join the GOP or prepare to lose. We would welcome you Joe!
DiJiT declared an emergency. Has no intent or plan to follow through on any assistance. Tell WV to just stop taking drugs. Problem solved.
Y'all just have no idea!!
We should pass a law forceing drug dealers to label their products. Like Food Fact with % and ingredients. 4+ year in jail sell unlabeled
Now please support repeal of Obamacare. You are welcome to visit us. 3 votes were given to you from this household. Ruined our life.
You had a lot more issues if voting for Manchin ruined your lives. Not that I support him.
