Hey you sellout piece of shit. The part of the country that aren't racist fucks will primary the shit out of you @Sen_JoeManchin
That part of the country doesn't live and vote in West Virginia.
Actually, we do.
Apologies-I don't mean to imply that no one like you lives there. But enough to win statewide elections?
He's been around a while.  I think WV usually has a Dem and a Rep split so let's hope it stays that way in 2018.
let's aim high. Get rid of Manchin and get 2 Dems!
Yes, please
thank you for opposing #TomPrice #VoteNoPrice #PriceIsWrong #PriceIsNotRight Over.
the Dems are lucky nobody had violent protests over this Obamacrap, death care, killing tax. Bastards should pay 4!hardship
Glad to hear, what happened on the Session nominee? Hope you explain back home & in 2018? We need PROGRESSIVE in this seat!
Tom Price is bad but somehow you're cool with a white nationalist as our AG? Interesting.
This shit slander is bordering on defamation.
lol, sue me?
Sessions should and make an example of one of you. Milo and Bannon as well.
go for it. 
Can't  I'm not them
Milo is a gay jew with a black bf and you people call him a white nationalist
Ridiculous.
it's adorable you dug through my twitter deep enough to find that out, I love a fan.
I actually didn't lol didn't mean you specifically but thanks for furthering my point.
yeah. And where was this when you voted for a bigot as AG?
Sessions. YOUR VOTE WAS FOR SESSIONS
where was your opposition against sessions?  Really disappointed.
This is good news but shouldn't have voted with Republicans on Steve Mnuchin! Trump administration circling the drain.
Thank you for not supporting Tom Price for HHS. I only wish you could done the same on Jeff Sessions and voted no
Shame on you for not saying anything in response to @POTUS racist name calling of @SenWarren
We need crackdown on opioid and other illegal drugs.More drug co.s and Dr's need to be arrested. Stop the cause, not effect.
Heres my statement to you, Dem/ Gop, you are In congress for the people Not to vote 4 friends, Aka Sessions, #Hello2018
give him a chance Joe. We did
You're a traitor. Enjoy whatever gains you've made in the short term while you still have a seat in the Senate.
@Bulldawg2482 @Sen_JoeManchin His term is up 2018! Vote him out.
I live in NJ but will donate to the candidate running against you. That's my pledge. Because I also persist.
who is going to primary Joe. I will donate too.
OMGoodness. Not again. Quit pandering to special interests in WV. What part of DJT gets 70% of vote in WV do you not get?
You are a sellout mr man chin.
get ready to be primaried re: Sessions. We're making lists of who votes yes on Trump nominees.
Where is your statement on voting for Jeff Sessions @Sen_JoeManchin?
dont listen to these leftwing bozos They dont represent what real Americans believe Oppose them & you'll win reelection
Where were you on Sessions and Tillerman??? Red DOG.
.@Sen_JoeManchin You'll be digging out of the Sessions betrayal for awhile, we'll be watching. Hope things work out with your daughter
Yet you voted for the racist AG.  Your vote on DeVos was a diversion.  You care about nobody but yourself.  DINO
is this your trade for your vote for sessions? Check your IRA Joe, your career is over.
@Bulldawg2482 @Sen_JoeManchin Mid term elections 2018 make sure to vote him out!!! Don't forget!
I can't vote there but will absolutely support those who do.
who's his opponent? I'll donate
already planning to donate to his opponent.
You are a JOKE. Nobody is interested in what you have to say. Take the mask off and join the GOP.
too fucking late. You're as good as finished next year.
it was a strategic vote. Joe is up for reelection in a red state in 2018. Connect the dots libtard.
but Sessions was Ok? Really? Did he have naked pics of you or something?
There is no evidence whatsoever of any causal link between a federal case against EpiPen and Manchin's vote.
no one cares about anything you have to say anymore. #sellout #untrustworthy
@SenateDems It doesn't matter what you think. You will not stop this nomination. You have failed on all so far.
Get ready for that primary, sweetheart.
Thanks for showing your true colors. Hopefully your constituents will remember this when election time rolls around #resist
What does white bread and Manchin have in common? Both are toast when the heat is on. Primary anyone?
you screwed up big time voting for sessions..awful. You will pay for that
Why do you call yourself a Dem #TraitorJoe. You showed us who you really are. Might as well come out as a R. #notmydemocrat
sat next @realDonaldTrump today drank    a sip of water sat quietly listening to Trump disrespect a colleague #deplorable
vote for gorsuch and see if you get re elected next year. True Democrats are watching you
Did it feel good to sit next Don the Con while he patted your head for being the 1 dem sen to sellout his dem constituents?
But you were the only @SenateDems to vote for the racist Jeff Sessions. I guess Wikipedia heard about that already
So let's hear how you would pay for Medicare and continued opioid addiction treatment...  more taxes?
SHUT UP! You voted in favor of Sessions
disappointed in you vote for Sessions.
Please reconsider ur vote. Maybe sit down with him and see if u can come to an agreement.Just try. Thank you, we respect u
Seriously, just join the Republicans.
Yet your vote in favor Sessions is easily seen as a way to protect your daughter, CEO of Mylan Pharmaceuticals. Be honest.
Is that a. red Trump tie ur wearing.  Why aren't you a Republican

Corrupt sellout.
can you issue a statement on your confirmation of Jeff Sessions, as well?
Tell the truth Joe. What did he do to insult your daughter the Pharma Queen?
Thank you for doing the right thing on this nomination. Price will destroy health care for the old, disabled, & children.
You're a sellout! Your daughter's being investigated so you sold your soul to the devil. I hope you get voted out in 2018!
Thank you voting for Sessions. The only people who should disagree with Law and Order r criminals. #MAGA
#noSCOTUSforChump
bye bye
You betrayed our values by voting for @jeffsessions. Show that you still have something inside when you vote NO for #SCOTUS.
Too bad you're a white supremacy supporting sellout, though. Enjoy your job while it lasts, you WILL be voted out in 2018!
you may as well vote for price too..You don't care about the ppl of your state... Trying to save your seat was not an option
please change your party to the Republican party. WV is dying to be an all red state.
Why did you vote for Sessions? You voted for more police killings & exterminations of minorities. I hope it was worth it
impressive statement regarding Price but your support of @SenatorSessions is disingenuous at best.  #whyiresist
Most red state Democrats are like Republicans in blue states. You need to change your party status. #resign
Breaking my #nopolitics for today to ask... BUT SESSIONS? Seriously, did you sleep last night?
when  is your re-election for the people  of W  Virginia  can vote  you out!
WOWI... I listen to the hearing and I didn't anything near what your stating...WOW.... and here we are again a bunch of lies
Standing up for the country by voting to confirm Sessions proves there might be hope for your party, not much, but some.
your vote for Jeff sessions has sealed your fate you will lose in the primary #anyonebutjoemanchin
DINO scum
If you don't totally support liberals you are wasting your time. My followers are very angry with your sell-out to Dems
I'd brush up the resume buddy, your senate career is done. West Virginians are going to primary you out.
And why did you vote for Sessions..it's not about the man, it's about his voting record.  He does NOT support civil rights
Sessions was a bad choice! How could you vote against your own people!? Coward! You will be replaced! #TheResistance #AssHat
Disgusting. You voted for a proven racist. I will donate repeatedly to your primary challenger. You are a RACIST & a TRAITOR
you blew your chance to be a stand up man when you approved Sessions- also your daughter is a punk who profits of of parents
wtf?????
Thank you for opposing Tom Price! He lied about stock deals, wants to gut Medicare&Medicaid, opposes pre-ex protections
No one cares. You voted for racist Jeff Sessions. Your career is done, bro. 
another clown!

#SchumersClowns
.@Sen_JoeManchin
Joe Manchin daughter is being investigated by the justice department..  Jeff Sessions will make it go bye-bye.…
I think you're wrong in blocking the nomination, if you had Obamacare you'd want to get rid of it, it's a broken system
have u not learned yet DeVos, Sessions quit wasting my time and money. #MAGA  you will not be reelected
Next elections you ARE DONE DONE DONE.  How can you even think of looking in the mirror after voting for Sessions?  DONE
you will not be voted back into office... cya in 2018
Saw this quote about you today; "he is so deep in the pockets of the coal industry that the lint is jealous."
Thank you!!!!
U r now seen as a racist and sexist! Good job #ManchinSoldOut
Chuck please get the Kleenex before you cry
Why not continue voting record.  You just appointed a bigot for AG.  Shame in you. $$$?
but you voted yes on Sessions! WTF???
One of the few who use logic in their decision process vs just obstructing.  Kudos
My WIFE wrks N SSDI INS. Ind./Has employer partner'd ins. But 2 HI 2 put me on policy! 63/at risk Type 2/Thyroid/ PLZ HELP
@SenateDems about time he opposes something, but remembering your other votes
But did not oppose a racist @SenatorSessions!  Wonder how the African Americans in your state feel about that?
@SenSchumer Who do you suggest?
Thank you, Senator Manchin!
The people in West Virginia will realize soon your not looking out for them.
O.K. , good explanation .
@SenSchumer Joe did you vote yes for Tim Geithner?  Really, stay on the right side
Guess u gotta side with the loony left at some point.
hey Joe why don't you join the GOP,you're done nothing to support the Democratic Party.
@SenSchumer You've lost all credibility. You voted Sessions to save your daughter's butt. We need a dem to replace you
Give our president his cabinet, do your job, out with dems
Sounds like Joe got a call from Pelosi to do what the libs tell him to....C'mon, man...
you make me want to vomit. y don't u just come out as the Republican that u are? Coward! How can u vote 4 1 & not the other
disgusting that you voted for SESSION!!! WE WILL NOT FORGET
UR RT, HE Shdnt B approved, BUT, DEVOS, (who doesn't no shiot), Sessions (whose a RACIST, BIGOT, & ass, & Price who steals!
good luck in 2018 when an actual Democrat primaries you out of your seat. The vote for sessions is disgraceful.
But you supported Jeff Sessions, an outright menace to society?! What's the matter with you?
Ahhh, because THIS one affects honkies, too, right? Sessions, though, he's a misunderstood good ol' boy, right, bubba? Shame
@SenSchumer Keep fostering stupidity, hatred, violence, suppress of free speech, criminal behavior & lies. It's working lol
, where's your statement siding with @SenateGOP against Coretta Scott King and @SenWarren by voting for @SenatorSessions?
please vote this wanna be republican piece of shit out WV! He is everything wrong w/democratic party!
@SenSchumer  but, burdening Americans with the price of Obamacare is ok? Accept for you who were exempt from it.
Bless you Joe
.Your career is history as a Senator.It's an obvious Quid Pro Quo.Joe votes for Session, and his daughter gets off easy. Sad
You know in your heart & mind that Sessions was not fit 4 Attorney General- You're a traitor to the Dem party! OUT IN 2018!
..POS voting for Jefferson (Davis) Sessions. Obvious you're in Trump's pocket. You sold your soul to the devil, Joe! Sad dude
I think your wrong Joe,but WV loves Joe Manchin and he will get voted back in.
Is there anything Republicans won't make you do? FFS, grow a spine 4 once. You work harder 4 Trump than Obama.
after voting in favor of making a KNOWN racist into the AG it's good to see that there's a line you won't cross!
@SenSchumer uf believe ppl should not pay more for services needed, why did you vote for Obamacare?
why did you vote yes for Sessions?
@senschumer OBAMCARE..TAXPAYER FUNDS US..ILLEGALS IMMIGRSNT COVER.  NO CHOICE OF DR PROVIDER DROPED OUT CANNOT FIND DR
@SenSchumer THANK YOU. FOR STANDING UP FOR US!
enjoy your last 2 years of being a senator.
2018 you will be fired!
@SenSchumer What's the matter Joe? He's not your friend like Sessions is? You need to be voted out.
Yet you voted for someone who is so racist he was denied a judgeship in the '80's. What is the matter with you? SHAME
U said "If I can't explain it at home, I can't vote for it"...Just how do U explain voting 4 the vile man that is Sessions?
just had to come read your Twitter feed lol, looks like you're done son...
on Session!! You should be  % ashamed of yourself!!
While I commend your choices to vote NO on Devon & Price, I cannot fathom why "In good conscience" you could vote YES on Ses
so why did you vote for a RACIST. Ridiculous. Good luck at the polls
@SenSchumer   Blah, blah, blah........
@SenSchumer Get your resume updated & pack it up. Vote the line or LEAVE. No more stroking your racist butthead KKK buddies
And here he is today, sitting thigh-to-thigh with his racist KKK comrade."Red State Dem" NO MORE! POS Manchin RT
Great. Thank you. Now please fight for THE REST OF AMERICA AS WELL. This is how Putin destroys the US: from within.
.@Sen_JoeManchin Every.Single.Trump.Nom will DESTROY the dept they're chosen for. Putin picks via Bannon. #WakeUpToTheCoup #TrumpSansClue
A valid reason to oppose his nomination. Appears his views are in complete contrast to @POTUS promise to preserve Medicare.
Yet you voted for Sessions. You are insane.
Shame on you for being more concerned with reelection than handing our entire judicial system over to a nazi sympathizer!
no one will forget you voted for Sessions! NO ONE!!!
you're a sellout for voting for kkk lover sessions
Yay -'bout time. GOP's idea of healthcare = #GOPDeathsquad. Sessions? Really?  No civil asset forfeiture abuse in W VA?
it's terrible to see a democrat senator vote for sessions .. you should know better ... shame on you.
shame on you
why did you vote for  SESSIONS! Just join the R party! Say bye to civil rights!
why did you vote in favor of Sessions??
reason for Jeff Sessions vote? Just want to know your reasoning to adjust my rage level and effort to get you unseated. Thnx
