Aren't you ashamed by now to keep calling it "The AFFORDABLE Care Act"? That's blatantly ridiculous. Ask anyone that pays for it. But U know
We need to let the free market work!
The free market won't solve healthcare.
Neither will big government! Better chance out of the hands of politicians who want to subsidize everything for votes and favors.
It already has. Look at every other developed country in the world.
What are you looking at...socialized medicine as the winner...you must be kidding...competition brings down pricing not government subsidies
Free market allows insurance companies to sell you bunk policies that cover nothing. It allows them to not cover pre existing conditions.
Free markets allow choice...not everyone needs maternity or Cadillac policies...some just need catastophic...one for all does not fit all...
I don't think you get how single payer works .... And again, when the free market allows companies to sell bunk insurance, it's dumb
Senator Manchin if the ACA is so damn good then why are all of u exempted from it why don't u have to obey the same laws as we the people
If its so great why are you exempt?? 300 lost jobs at CAMC because of free INS!! Give it Joe you gotta go!
Unfortunately, Senator, your party had zero plans to fix the inevitable implosion of the ACA.
That was the plan, making single payer inevitable.
No it wasn't. Although single payer would be great. Fix the ACA
Single payer = skyrocketing taxes & mediocre care at best

You know what causes skyrocketing prices? People without insurance.
Lack of competition of a free market? Excessive govt regulation? Inordinate # of lawsuits?
As with all you say, you mislead the content. O-care has already failed as a nightmare. We need a clean repeal w 2/yr time lmt to re-create.
Annnnnnnd everything you wrote is completely inaccurate
A. The ACA hasn't failed except where it's been sabotaged and B. straight repeal would implode the private market every major insurer agrees
There is no intelligence behind this statement at all. OC has already proven itself a nightmare. 2/3 of the OC ship is underwater. #Repeal
Quit your lying about you want to sit down & discuss healthcare! You should start by saying I'll discuss as long as we don't replace obmcare
wait, arent you a republican? i just looked at your voting record. i think the misspelled the D in front of your name...
Vote to repeal Obama care
Can make case you guys would be forced to work across aisle. Or agree to kick can down the road again in two years.
Get on the Trump train big league or find a new job in 2018. Make no mistake Trump is a two term potus
CAMC is a prime example of your and @Senator Shelly Moore Capito's vote today!   Medicaid needs to be overhauled!
Remember people Congress & their staff r exempted from Ocrapacare because they said staff could not afford it, but we the people shafted
You could have participated!
Capito wasn't intimidated more like paid off by Dems!
As long as you and others are unwilling to compromise and make changes our state will continue to suffer!
ARC is the best way to move forward
ACA approved  by supreme court as a tax
Please don't give up on us we need you....
With your vote on this, there is no more doubt that all Senate Dems are radical socialists.
Dude it wouldn't have taken place for two years...isnt that PLENTY of time in the real world to get a new plan in place?
U ought agree w sknny repeal..Bhonest w constituents,u'd vote yes if"repeal"not used..Mcaid not sustainble&Ucare more bout nonsustnable fish
MY doc  accepts neither ACA nor new medicaid patients. That's how great The ACA really is.
what insurance coverage you got?
Obamacare.
pretty sure ol Joe ain't got ocare
ACA required stupidity of American voters to pass
I especially love my $30,000 deductible. Thanks for nothing joe
please repeal it.   Don't replace it.
At least you're not low enough to vote with Republicans on healthcare. Still a #DINO, though.
GOOD!  ACA doesn't need a replacement it already GONE!  Fresh start clean slate new approach  #MAGA
Manchin 4 prez 2020
Thanks for standing with us!  #WV
Thanks for standing with #WV.
Thank you, @Sen_JoeManchin, for standing up for the people of West Virginia. Keep fighting for us.
Have u taken any more $$ from anti-2A Bloomberg hacks Paul,Weiss,Rifkin,Wharton&Garrison? $90K enuf to sell-out our 2A rights?
NO!  Stop the spin. The vote was to open the discussion #DTS
Shame on the @GOP stop this and work together to fix ACA!
18 months left.
And the problem there is...
If only!!!! Too bad it was largely an insignificant vote in the entirety of the process to fully Repeal ACA. It's a start but we demand more
Time to dissolve ACA The worst plague on the USA SINCE THE Dust Bowl.
And a vote to repeal you
Thanks for your no vote. Keep supporting WV people who need healthcare and people with disabilities.
Thank you Joe, For voting for the well being of us West Virginians. Honestly expected you to vote yes.. But you turned out to be a hero.
cross party lines and vote for repeal on behalf of working Americans. Stop mandates!
1st damn thing done right since you went Washington.  Guess you figured out Trump was needing so now u are rely on WV to keep u in office. .
Hold on. You voted for Obama care. If it was so great then...why do we need to fix it now.  Poor judgement then and now. U Better find a job
Sad to see you vote not to put the issue up for full debate. There is no way for you to defend your position.
Thanks Joe for standing for WVirginians today  Now keep up the fight against repeal !
REPEAL & REPLACE or WV will REPEAL & REPLACE you #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Yippee!
Holy shit, maybe you *do* care about West Virginians. But you're still the reddest Democrat I've ever seen.
Thanks for supporting the people of West Virginia. Have you spoken to @SenCapito ?
Too bad capito was intimated by trump.
The ball isat least rolling
It is a beginning...
Enjoy what time you have left as Senator Joe, You and a lot of your fellow liberals will lose the next elections. 
Its okay pete, you dont have a long life ahead of you anyways either. You're rather old.
What about it is affordable?
In spite of the outcome; Thank you for your vote .
Finally acting like a Democrat & supporting your party and constituents like you should have all along... #toolittletoolate?
You embarrased WV and our Pres with your failure to vote for debate today. This is why WV is fed up and we will vote for a 2nd Rep Senator.
Let's see your plan JOE !!!!!
#freemarkethealthcare for all
You are finished representing Party We The People will replace you in 2018 Joe Manchin @JoeManchinWV
You should stop drinking the koolaid kiddo.
Uhhh, GOOD!!! That's what the American ppl want. Get gov't out of health care. #NotYourJob
Thank you Mr. Manchin!
Thank you! 
Thank you for your vote today and shame on @SenCapito for helping this travesty continue.
Markets loved it. That much closer to tax reform
You will lose in the midterm election.
Thank you for the no vote Senator
And you failed to vote for debate so that you can defend what you think is honorable. Shameful display of cheap politics while people suffer
Good for you. Thanks for standing up for WV.
And you should do what you brag about:  Work with republicans to compromise on a replacement
Nothing affordable about Obamacare
Then step up and help resolve the issue!!!!!!!!!!!
But you fail to call for 45 to release tax returns.  You might have voted No today but you own the orange shitstain
In this state physical activity is not emphasized. No funding for after school athletics and wonder why we rank among the worse in health.
Thank you Senator  Manchin.
I want people to know that ObamaCare IS the Affordable Care Act! It's the reason you don't have to choose between college for kids or chemo!
I respect you Joe but, remember the ACA & how ya gotta Pass It to Read It. I regret you Voted for It and said Nothing Negative yet now. SAD
Wish you would jump in and help...you are one of the few who can
Good. #repeal so we can get the Ball rolling nothing moves quickly in Congress aside from kvetching
You will ultimately vote with GOP if they come up with any healthcare bill or not. Sorry for your constituents.
The vote today was to to kill healthcare for the least among us, to free up funds for tax cuts to benefit the wealthiest among us.
Your fellow wv senator said she wouldn't vote for any bill that didn't replace,turned into trumpy puppet
Too bad our other senator @SenCapito didn't stand up for her people! WV needs real leaders, not suck ups to power!
Fight the good fight!!!
So Mylan told you to vote this way?
LoL, His family have raped the Medicare/Medicaid Systems & Insurance Companies blind!  Now he's worried about us! You gotta be kidding me!
That's fine, let's see the Dems plan to fix and then have a debate. Congress is not  earning their obscene salary. Time for another vaca?
Senator I commend you for using common sense and voting no.
WHAT DID YOU BRING TO ADDENDEM THE VIOLATION OF PAYING INSURANCE INSTEAD OF DOCTORS DEMOCRATS CREATED???
Repeal Obamacare
As a working taxpayer if you're going to vote to put keep me under the ACA you better put yourself under it 2 if not vote for repeal Right?
give em hell joe!
We don't need to replace it we need to let the free market reign and get government out of healthcare
Yeah. That's worked so far.
Thank you for voting No
I hope people remember this and you are voted out. Start worrying about the blue collar workers. You're an embarrassment
You think that changing current healthcare with help bike collar workers? You clearly have no idea what happening!
We're the backbone and can't afford or premiums our the deductable. Why are we dead last in everything? Because Democrats run this state.
Democrats run WV?  Just proved you're a fool.
@SenCapito so do you feel good about throwing WV and the rest of the US under the bus?
Hey Joe, is there ever going to come a time when you Democrats worry about people that actually work for a living in this great state?
Hi Joe, I wish u to be my senator in Georgia but I really thank u for voting against the ACA repeal without a plan to replace. 
Shut up
#votecapitoout
Make it known that repealing the ACA is a red line. Democrats can work to fix ACA, but don't work with them on GOP plan.
And if you vote to save it,  you will be voted out
why didn;t dems work to fix Obamacare last year Senator?   You knew it was a bomb.
I agree with  you on some things but not this one.  Mccain vote against the bill will sink repeal.
Shameful GOP. They can't do anything right.
States been run by Democrats forever. Name one good thing we're in the top 5 in. One bad thing we're not in the top 5 in. Eagerly awaiting
WATCH OUT PEOPLE!! U R BEING BAMBOOZLED!!
That being the case, both Dems & GOP had better stop finger pointing & get together to come up with a plan – no obstruction on either side!
C'mon Joe, who the hell told you you should be in charge of my HC? Get a real job!!!!
Thanks Sen McCain, for screwing America! 
Thank you for your vote Senator!
Yeah, and?? #ACA screwed over MILLIONS. #Democrats lost 100's of seats because of it. Perhaps you should HELP FIX IT.
Make.no mistake...today wAs the death of the gop
Why do you think the Gov. needs to mess in health care. The track record is dismal at best
HE IS LYING TO THE PEOPLE NOTHING WILL CHANGE IN YOUR MEDICAL COVEAGE AND HE KNOWS IT. TYPICAL DEMOCRATE WITH NO PLAN.ONLY RESISTANCE
REPEAL!!
West Virginia needs to vote this lier out.if he is reelected he will raise taxes and destroy the coal industry
Thanks for trying to keep thousands of West Virginia's poorest covered by Medicaid. We will remember
Learn! This bill even now does Not limit medicaid! It only replaces in "some cases" the poor will stay on Medicaid and it will get better!
How does that Kool Aid taste?
What is wrong with you this is what you pretended you wanted the opportunity to negotiate
Why can't we Now discuss Medicare for All with Supplements ?
It should be repealed! Its dead anyway and we are paying for people many of which could work but dont! Former WV resident!
Good! Healthcare is not a right! Make laws to make healthcare and insurance less expensive through competition and common sense regulations
growth of doctors in country is necessary, help with that! Tort Reform, purchase across state lines, ease pharmaceutical Regs 4 faster meds
Sad day for America.
Good!!
joe I guess this is your idea of working on something with the republicansPlaying both sides of the coin is just going to get you voted out
That's exactly right, heaven help them to come up with a plan that works for the guy/gal that has to work for a living&not take all their!
Thanks for voting with common sense.
Thank you for voting "no," Joe.
Maybe so.  But are you going to submit any amendments to make it better?
Thank you for your support. I'm glad we have one Senator that truly cares
this is terrifying
Good job.
Shame on @SenCapito! West Virginians deserve more. Thank you @Sen_JoeManchin for voting No #healthcare #Trumpcare #BCRA #BCRAP #deathcare
Good. Less gov't involved in Health Care the better. Free market is the best approach and what's best for America! #Repeal #ObamaCare
You will love paying tons for nothing
Repeal
Wish you could have articulated this to @SenCapito.
