Ajit Pai is working assiduously towards destroying a free and fair internet for the United States. You should not be celebrating him.
Joe Manchin: helping Republicans hand the internet over to Comcast. You're a disgrace & I can't wait until you're voted out. #netneutrality
Then you have pledged your allegiance to the destruction of the free and open internet. The public's for net neutrality and was against this
Unacceptable! Preserve #NetNeutrality & #DrainTheSwamp!
You just voted to destroy the internet you sellout!!
So, in other words, he scratched your back & it was enough for you to help him ruin the internet for the entire country. Makes sense. /s
he is in the pocket of verizon and other isp's..you must support #NetNeutrality Senator!!!
Something tells me, that for Munchin, much more importantly, he must get into that same pocket than support #NetNeutrality
Thank you, Senator Manchin. Your vote was decisive.
lady in what world are you living in
A literal Conservative Think Tank. Check out her page.
omg so edgy
You need to switch parties. No wonder we've lost over a 1000 seats nation wide to the other right wing party. 
#neoliberalsneedvoteout.
I can’t wait until he gets voted out of office
Thanks for proving you're an enemy of a free & open internet. You're supposed to rep the people, not corporations:
After hearing about this I donated even more money to your primary opponent Paula Swearigen
We know what you are. Any further word is just haggling over your price.
Are you even a democrat?
@Sen_JoeManchin  is trash and it's long past time that the trash was kicked to the curb.
F3ck you, a55hole
You're an embarrassment. You know very well Ajit Pai is trying to end net neutrality. You people are corrupt.
It must pay off to be one of trumps boys huh Joe. Good luck with that primary comming up
With this vote you helped kill Net neutrality. You need a new job because you're bad at the one you have. #PrimaryManchin
It's time you get out. We are not with you, and we will make sure you're out of office you corporate shill. Fuck both of you.
@Sen_JoeManchin Hey West Virginians, when your internet bill skyrockets you can thank: Senator Joe Manchin. Vote Paula Jean Swearengin 2018!
So shamelessly open about SCREWING YOUR CONSTITUENTS. Ajit Pai is a shill for Big Telecom and you KNOW it. Enjoy a quick end to your career.
Net Neutrality is CENTRAL to saving what's left of our democracy. @AjitPaiFCC confirmation = blow to democracy. HOW COULD U?
Sure, u did! With D's like @Sen_JoeManchin, who needs R's? Go, @paulajean2018, go! Take this snake OUT!!!
I'm just going to put this here.
These Senators voted for an FCC chairman that wants to allow Internet censorship, throttling, and extra fees. Retweet this and call them now 
As someone who actually campaigned for Manchin, words can't articulate how disappointed I am. Although actions will. #NetNeutrality
You should be more than "disappointed". Dare I say you should be angry and outraged? I am.
Ajit Pai is trying to take the internet away from the people and give authoritarian power to Comcast/Verizon etc. And you vote to confirm?
Of course he did. Manchin is a DINO
Where's the "Bernie's not a democrat" crowd now 2 b!tch this jacka$$ out? Nowhere, as usual. They don't give a damn about what democrats do.
Of all the corporate Democrats, you are truly the worst one of all, @Sen_JoeManchin!!!
You give me hope for #bipartisan action and leadership in DC. Thanks for your #integrity. I’m grateful
This is a travesty you voted for!
Are you on crack you fake R?
This is wrong & without anyone's input.
"I'm a DINO corporatist dipshit that would never have a second thought about the state of the internet". #netneutrality #resign #shill
Can't wait to see @paulajean2018 destroy your GOP ass. Keep selling your soul to corporations. You're doing great.
@AjitPaiFCC #NetNeutrality
shame on you @Sen_JoeManchin, I hope you get replaced
You sellout, people will remember this come election time. History will remember this and you're on the wrong side of it.
I wonder if @paulajean2018 would have been so proud to vote for someone who tows the line for big internet companies?  #VotePaulajean2018
Translation: I'm thrilled to screw over Americans in favor of my corp donors. I look forward to announcing my switch to GOP by year's end.
Who benefits more? Citizens or companies? Your employers or your investments?
You tweeted this why? Is it something to be proud of?  What donor swayed your opinion to confirm him?
Your vote for Pai will only contribute to more fake politicians manipulating our system. You're just as corrupt by proxy. #NetNeutrality
Thanks for your vote-I'm looking forward to paying more money to cable companies for less access! Can't wait til this bites you at the polls
Bye bye, Joe. West Virginians aren’t going to like it when they have to pay more for their streaming sporting events & porn.
You are corrupt.
wtf, give corp more power to screw us, thanks. For christ sakes ur what's wrong with the Ds.
And he is a corporate tool, further dismantling our public airwaves and trust, which is why you will never be re-elected.
@PaulaJean2018
We have to vote all of you entitled rich creeps the hell out of office.  This is getting f'n ridiculous.
They're killing us in the streets. How much $ has NRA given you for our deaths?

"Don't like it, primary me!"
Of course you did, you greedy little man.
I don’t trust the guy with a name I can’t even pronounce. I hope he is an America
joe seems to be one of few people who actually likes to comprimise...now if both partys were gone? we could do it way more!
Smmfh
What the f*ck is wrong with you? Net Neutrality is one of the few good things we have left in this country. Ajit Pai wants to destroy it.
#WTF is the only thing I can say!
Are you going to officially change parties or is there a * by Democrat now.

* Has sold out constituents and American people.
Hell, half the party’s like that, now. That’s why they’re wiped out from state houses to DC.
How much were you paid off?

dont let big telecom take over the internet
Asshole, looking at the reactions to this tweet, you just might've fucked this one up. But that par for the course with you
WHAT A FREAKING JOKE.
Joe’s vote
#Sellout
Wait, your proud of this?
Your vote to restore someone who is dedicated to destroying the internet as we know it is disappointing and disgusting.
As a voting West Virginian I don't agree with this. Ajit Pai's plan to revoke net neutrality puts an open and free internet in danger.
Enjoy your last term.  Maybe creep @AjitPaiFCC can hook you up with a new gig.
He wants to change the internet and remove #netneutrality !! This breaks my heart! The internet will never be the same! So sad..
Can't wait to see you get your butt kicked by @paulajean2018. It's going to be glorious.
Why do we need blue dog Dems like you again? #NetNeutrality has a 77% favorable rating and you confirm the guy who wants to kill it. Useless
You sealed your fate with this pathetic vote Senator. You either have no spine or you're straight up right wing. Which is it? #NetNeutrality
Joe, at this point can a lobbyist just give u a meaningful glance & its like u and he are one?
By the way... @paulajean2018 has my vote for Senate in 2018! 
Are u on drugs
Thankyou for doing NOTHING to revive the Democratic Party!
I'm sure the scumbags on the other side of the aisle are grateful too!!!
You're part of the problem. Hopefully your constituents will remember this when you're up for re-election. You're serving rich ISPs #Corrupt
Voting for a guy whose interests are diametrically opposed to the general public? Wow.
You republican! Why do you even pretend to be a democrat? You vote with Trump more often than you do your own party! Sellout!
The Internet was built off of our tax dollars, @Sen_JoeManchin. It's not yours to give away to Wall Street. No more privatization.
Surprise surprise Joe votes for corporations and against West Virginians. Corporations must love you and @SenCapito working 4 them
Joe has never had my vote!! Hopefully next election he will be gone!
Mine neither. And he never will!
of course you did, just drop the D from your registration. quit lying...
You may just be the worst right-wing democrat we have. Congrats on being the most stellarly sanctimonious sellout snake senator #ass
You will be primaried.
#PaulaJean2018
We expect nothing less from a "Republican" like you. #PrimaryThisPieceOfShit
#PaulaJean2018
Every time I read your name in  the news, it's when you're fucking the United States for corporate interests.
Sell out
you and @AjitPaiFCC are awful
That is nothing to be proud about.
By allowing big Internet to run roughshod over @mainstreetamerica .  Interesting strategy you got that.
#CHIP
Manchin is done. Paula Swearengin all the way!!! #justicedemocrats
KEEP NET NEUTRALITY IN TACT
Net neutrality!!!
I see you're proud of that vote. I think it's absolutely deplorable !
You have no idea what you're voting on with this. I understand why you don't.  However, soon you will see what idiotic policy you enabled.
Yes he does. He’s as corrupt as the Day is long
I wouldn't brag about this. You just voted to give away internet freedom to the highest bidders if this nitwit gets his way. #netneutrality
@paulajean2018 wouldn't vote to confirm someone so against #netneutrality & free speech. Hope she wins!
Poor decision
Bad move. For this alone i hope you get primaried.
#PaulaJean2018
Anything to steal from the working man to give to the 1 precent .I sure you vote helped Your daughter as always
I guess Net Neutrality is meaningless to you
Sad to see you support this authoritarian regime. Protecting your daughter's Epipen extortion, no doubt.
You probably should've posted this tomorrow, cuz this makes you appear cold & heartless in light of the murders in Las Vegas.
You again have sold out America.
