.@Sen_JoeManchin how are you going  to explain voting for a white supremacist for Attorney General?
How is Sessions a white supremacist?
.@IheartAlby @Sen_JoeManchin  is this a serious question? Probably not, based on your avatar. If so start here:
did you read it? What does it get wrong?
1) SPLC considers everyone who doesn't support open borders a "hate group." While Sessions  personally has 2)
Helped to desegregate Alabama, marched for civil rights, recently received NAACP awards, 3) received the
4) praises of Cory Booker and King herself
How do explain voting for Sessions then? You are a traitor to American values and ideals.
How so?
I didn't know being a traitor to your party and voting for a racist was a good thing.
How is Sessions a racist?
Have a nice day.
You voted against DeVos, but could not for Session the racist DA now?  Explain why?
How is he racist?
What did you miss about Jeff B Session records on racial equality?
can you explain why you voted for known racist, Jeff Sessions?
How is he racist?
Start explaining Sessions.
and how exactly will you explain your vote for a racist to be our next Attorney General???
Simple. Manchin supports racism. Check his closet...sure to find a white hood in there.
You want a medal? You voted FOR Scott Pruitt. Kids will be poisoned from the water; they won't be needing an education.
So...you CAN explain voting for Jeff Sessions at home? I personally think more of the people of WV than that implies.
but you voted for #Sessions ? Why not fight to get the best person in the job that doesn't have a history of racist views?
What racist views?
Smooth-Talking Jeff Sessions Can't Hide Disturbing Record http://www.truth-out.org/news/item/39085-smooth-talking-jeff-sessions-can-t-hide-disturbing-record … via @truthout
Please explain your support for @SenatorSessions to those of us here at home, then.
this explains it
Joe Manchin daughter is being investigated by the justice department..  Jeff Sessions will make it go bye-bye.…
Yep. Politics and politicians as usual.
Bernie Sanders can't save you and the other Corporate Democrats from the wrath of your constituents. So stop asking.
You lost - AGAIN
: But you voted for Jeff Sessions. So, dude. You're about to be replaced with a different Democrat.
Women Act, is a rabid pro-lifer, and fought all paths to citizenship for illegal immigrants. How does he represent your ppl?
good on you for that. SHAME on you for supporting Jefferson "Bigot" Sessions. Explain that! #ShePersisted #resist
How do you explain being the only Democrat to vote for Sessions then?
how are you explaining Jeff Sessions???
YOU VOTED FOR JEFF SESSIONS AND LOST ALL CREDIBILITY. YOU ONLY HAD THE BALLS TO VOTE AGAINST A WOMAN
we west virginians back him completely.
Ok, how do you explain your vote for Sessions? Well?  I am waiting?
So how do u explain Mrs King's words being banned by Senate in support of Sessions' nomination? How can he b trusted w DOJ?
Think you should ask Warren that.
Go away. Go home to the arms of Bannon.
Still waiting on your reason for supporting the racist Sessions for AG
Although I think ur wrong here, I appreciate ur willingness 2 consider both sides. A true leader doesn't always vote party.
Oh, so you can explain at home why you voted for a man best known for his racial slurs, voting against the Violence Against
You should have voted against Sessions.  Shame on you!
Thanks for voting against her.
Too bad you didn't do the same to Jeff Sessions.  You're a traitor.  #humanrights
you were loud in your opposition for Devos and quiet in your support for Sessions. Shameful.
How has he suppressed votes?
why the hell would you vote for sessions!?!?!?
Not loving the whole dad protect the kid mistake theme of this week am I right @susansiv @Sen_JoeManchin hello 
#NordstromStrong
I'm glad you voted against #DeVos And WVians will b proud of you if u protect #Medicare #healthcare
I guess racism is an easy sell at home? Or is it just something you're into? Explain that vote for Jeff Sessions
good decision, find a way to continue for all people of America
can you explain your vote for pruitt? Shame on you. This is all so ridiculous. You must want to run as repub next time.
C'mon joe, move over to the Right side! Your Dems don't bathe, shave, nor work. They are parasites! Why waste the time?
Great but how can you explain voting for Sessions? - oh wait I know gotta keep on the right side of your constituents huh
So how'd you explain Sessions? Was it in dollar signs? #CorettaScottKing is turning in her grave... Sell out.
why did you vote for Sessions?
So how are you going to explain voting in a racist for AG! #nosessions
How's he racist?
2. Called a white lawyer working for black clients a race traitor.
so how can u explain voting for Sessions? He has a history of bigotry! Deemed to racist in the 80s but not for 2017?? Shame!
I don't agree with this vote, but I respect that you have principles and don't just jump on the party bandwagon every time.
#Sessions tho? Explain at home how you voted against POC & Women? And against the VRA? Expect a primary in 2018  #resist
You're threatening his political future from NYC?  MYOB
my money still spends. We will be donating from here to influence there. Like Russia and Trump.
Cool@story bro. President Trump not bought and paid for. Owes no one. Transparency will drop lobbyists 
And yet you supported Sessions...
Nov. he 6,2018. 
--33 senate seats and all 435 seats in the House of Representatives will be up for reelection.  VOTE!
You voted for sessions. You need to go.
Then explain how you could vote for Sessions. I'll wait.
thank you for that.  However, as a West Virginian, I am appalled and ashamed of your vote confirming Sessions as Atty Gen.
how do you explain voting for a racist for AG? #traitor
What is your explanation for voting in favor of Sessions ?
waiting to hear your explanation about Sessions. Have something to do with epi pens?
JEFF SESSIONS! SERIOUSLY!!???! RACISTS ARE CELEBRATING. THANKS A LOT.
How could you explain voting for Sessions at home? Please do tell.
BUT YOU VOTED FOR JEFF SESSIONS! U VOTED 4 A RACIST! YOU. VOTED. FOR. A. RACIST!
another voice here asking why you voted for Sessions??
why did you vote for Sessions?
.@Sen_JoeManchin is the ONLY Dem to vote for Sessions. His daughter is CEO who jacked up prices of EpiPens. Guess who will prosecute her now
I guess my posts will never be seen here.  ill just have to spread the word through other means. Enjoy it while it lasts
And you can explain voting Yes on Sessions?  That does not say anything good about West Virginians. #BernieWouldveWon
please, you only voted no to save face. You knew she would be nominated so the DINO in you voted no. Do u think we're stupid
Thank you for voting for Jeff Sessions. You weren't afraid to do the right thing. Saddens me our fellow Democrats didn't.
it's time you come out of the closet and embrace the party that you really support. Your actions speak volumes.
.@Sen_JoeManchin so you're saying you can easily explain a racist attorney general like @jeffsessions to the people of West Virginia?
Can you explain why you voted for #JeffSessions ???? #notourvoice
apparently she's no Jeff Sessions. #Traitor
then why did you vote for Sessions!!! 
#bluesolidarity #resist #theResistanse
But why did you vote for a racist like Sessions?
I hope the good people of West Virginia see to it that this man removed from office.
but you voted for Sessions? Why? Please explain!
how do you explain Jeff Sessions at home? Being a centrist is fine. Voting for a known racist is not.
but you voted for @jeffsessions !!
But voted for Sessions as AG; I guess your daughter's Antitrust investigation will now disappear! #sessions #fakedemocrat
I grew up in the coal fields of Penna. people like you are mocked for their weakness.
Yet you voted for Jeff Sessions. If you're going to be a GOP tool who voted for a GOP tool you may as well cross the aisle
so did you explain why u voted for sessions. Haven't seen that bs yet!
his daughter is under investigation that would  be one reason and we know that case will disappear now
West Virginiaians just remember him at the polls
the good that you've done with your hands...you've erased with your feet. What is wrong with you? #SessionsVote #NeverForget
but you voted for sessions...what a disgrace
How do you explain you Sessions vote?
so you have no problems explaining sessions?
Well then you better have a good explanation for voting for Sessions.  Did they just buy you or something?
why did you vote for Sessions?  Are you going to be able to explain that at home?  Or do your constituents  racists?
why did you vote yes on Sessions!! Can't wait for you to be voted out!
you really let down the Democratic Party.., 
Not sure what to think of you.,
Ugh:(
Sad
why the hell did you (the ONLY Democrat) vote for Sessions then?
you may have voted against her but you voted FOR @SenatorSessions ? Are you mad, man?
well, Lucy, jou got some splanin to do! #Notosessionsracism
breaking my #nopolitics day to ask - BUT SESSIONS? Did you sleep last night?
great but then you said yes to a racist AG. #WeWontForget
then what will you say about voting for Jeff Sessions?
Sure but you voted for a racist.  Why because he is your buddy.  That's what you said, on MSNBC
but you voted for sessions does that mean you can explain his checkered views including racism voting restriction
West Virginians, please Primary this fool in 2018! The Father of the Epi Pen Brat is no friend of the people of any state
so you value children's education () but not human/civil rights??  I hope the people of WV vote you out. Disgrace
and now you voted for sessions what's wrong with you
AND YOU VOTED FOR JEFF SESSIONS.
how do u explain voting for Session the devil
.@Sen_JoeManchin @BetsyDeVos was a given.  What's your excuse 4 voting 4 racist Sessions? #StopPresidentBannon
...but voted yes on Jeff Sessions. You're human garbage and I hope this will be the last time you are elected to serve.
So, what is your explanation for Rex Tillerson and Jeff Sessions then? #dirty_money! @Sen_JoeManchin
so why on EARTH would you vote for Sen. Sessions? He has experience, but his decisions are shameful and discriminatory!
u voted for sessions! R u a GOP insider I wonder! Ur afraid! But we need to stand together joe or we sink together#resist
If you said NO on #devos , then how do you explain voting for a racist like #Sessions? Did you read Coretta King's letter?
your time is running out, big speech but to little to late. U sided with the Clintons and we won't forget. Get with Trump!
But you can explain your vote for racist @SenatorSessions??? Unbelievable.
I'm wondering now how you're going to explain your vote in favor of @jeffsessions for #AG  to your constituents ? #Sessions
but you thought @SenatorSessions was explainable ?
but you voted for Jeffrey sessions. How do you explain that?
@Maddow  $-How much did u get for ur $e$$ion$ vote?$?
You voted for Sessions so he can make your daughter's troubles go away, right? Be prepared to be primaried.
wouldn't have been able 2 explain why u voted against a vicious, undemocratic racist who limits voting rights at home?
Great job Senator!!! I'm hoping more Democrats will work to make this country better!! Hats off to you for not caving!!
Yet you voted for Sessions. Why!
Yeah, but look at who you voted for when it came to AG. You have lost my vote.
What'd you tell your family about Sessions, though? Other than the David Duke endorsement? Hope they know you retire in '18!
His daughter is under DOJ investigation.  Vote him out
How can you explain Sessions then? You tell your family that you voted yes on this person?
.@Sen_JoeManchin So How Do You Explain #JeffSessions at Home? 
Daughter's EpiPen Lawsuit? Possible Better Ruling? You Sold Out USA.
.@sen_joemanchin Did you vote to confirm to @SenatorSessions for Attorney General because you don't believe he is a bigot?
Theres no verified evidence that Attorney General @SenatorSessions's a bigot;Joe Manchin's 2smart4brainwashing
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/512600/?client=safari …
You're reported and blocked for your racism and prejudice and for spreading #FakeNews
.@sen_joemanchin Did you vote to confirm @SenatorSessions for Attorney General in order to keep your constituents from voting you out?
Thank you for assisting in the fall of our civil liberties with your vote to confirm Jeff Sessions. #ShePersisted Yes I Will
ok then explain why you voted for #Sessions.
can't believe you voted for Sessions. Coal mining jobs aren't coming back to WV. You'll be voted out.
but you thought that voting for Sessions was a good idea?
Then what's your excuse when you voted 'yes' for Sessions? Quit fooling yourself. You are not a Democrat. #WeAreWatching
how could you vote for Sessions?!
But you can explain supporting a racist for #AttorneyGeneral? We all know you're a #DINO - join the #GOP & be done w/ it.
So how do you explain/excuse voting for @SenatorSessions .. We will remember..#Resistance
but you voted for Sessions????
SO HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY VOTE FOR A SCREAMING RACIST LIKE SESSIONS!!!???? You WILL reap what you've  SOWN!! YOU'RE A RACIST
then why in God's name did you vote for Sessions?  You can explain that to your constituents?
So you can EXPLAIN voting for Sessions?!  I can't wait to hear this. 
#Sessions #WhatWereYouThinking
So why the H**l vote for Sessions?
I think it's time to vote out Manchin
HOW ARE YOU GOING TO EXPLAIN SESSIONS? Your base is disgusted with you.
Great way to honor black history month a vote for racist Sessions I don't want anyone to forget your vote. Shameful
but yet you vote yes to the racist @SenatorSessions? How do you explain that?!?
What were you thinking?! Did you think everyone would just look the other way as you voted for Sessions? 
Great, but Jeff Sessions was like voting for David Duke 30 years later.
Too funny, like your family has respectable values, your daughter is filth
why vote for Sessions????  
But Sessions can make your daughter's investigation go away, right?  I used to respect you.  #traitorjoe
You voted for Sessions. There's fear in minority and immigrant communities. Misogyny and racism on the rise.America's dying
OK, explain to us why you voted for Sessions. Get it out in the open.
How on Earth do you explain Jeff Sessions at home? Please do explain.
then you voted for Sessions?
Yes you may have voted against but you voted for sessions I am an African American woman w/o lives in WV why did you do this
I know there is only 3.8 percent African Americans in your state but you are making it hard for us Dems in this state smh
Are you really a Democrat or a Republican how can you support sessions who is a I voted for you I feel so betrayed by you
For those of us who are democrats who want to run I. WV in 2018 you just took us backwards Senator Manchin
All the marching and protesting in front if your office last week this week was for nothing you did not hear us at all......
So how do you plan on explaining Sessions to us?
But you voted yes on Sessions. Disappointed in you.
But not Jeff Sessions?  Traitor!  You WILL be voted out!
 by who? Sally Kohn?
but you voted for Sessions. I'd love to hear you explain that at home, or anywhere really.
I hope you can explain why you voted for Jefferson Beauregard Sessions.
But you voted for The Jeff Sessions? #Weaksauce
so how do you explain a vote for Sessions? No on Devos but a racist is ok?
But you voted for the known racist Sessions...shame on you..
You know they're going to run Jenkins against you.  What difference will a Republican make when you vote for Sessions? 2018
did u vote for bigoted racist @jeffsessions ? If so how do u explain that unless ur support is .... Oh nm got it @MSNBC
but you can explain a vote for Sessions?
So voting for Sessions is explicable?  How so?
You voted for Sessions!!!!  Why? You did not represent your constituents.
Kudos on the DeVos vote. Then you turned around and betrayed every Black constituent in your state. Shame.
How will you explain your #Sessions vote?
How are you going to explain voting for Sessions at home? Racists do not belong in the highest office of law in the land.
Please explain your vote for the blatant racist @SenatorSessions today.
And then you voted for Jefferson Sessions ... You had a chance, and you blew it. Should have brought your balls to work...
too bad u voted for Sessions! Bad Senator !
so how do you justify voting yes for Jeff Sessions? You're a disgrace to the Democratic Party. We won't forget this traitor
How will you explain voting for Sessions?
Good but why did you vote for Senator Sessions? That was an idiot move.
how do you explain voting for sessions.  remember your are not in that post forever you will need the vote of the people
why did you vote yes for Sessions???
