Why??
I THINK youre doing a great job. youre honest and you dont let trump intimidate you. and we, can see youre strong. please, dont agreee w/him
What are you talking about? He's voted with Trump more than any other Democrat!
I'm sorry not sure what youre talking about. but one of us made a mistake. I think very highly of manchin.
He's also talking about Trump's Tax 'reform' and that he's taking Trump's word for it that it's benefitting us more than corporations.
How does that make you feel? He's likely going to be one of the only Dem's to vote FOR Trump's attempt to help the rich get richer..
Im from WV and Joe you lie very time you open your mouth

Thank you! #JoeManchin2020
@realDonaldTrump should ask you @Sen_JoeManchin. Your honesty and patriotism is second to none. You put #usa first.

why?
What's this shady bastard want an APPLAUSE SIGN.. I don't trust this guy .. no fricken way.. he oozes dirty.
Thank God you resigned, killer of people due to drugs.
& Liar-in-Chief's regul wknd golfing trips-rather than acknowledging ultimate sacrafice of 4 brave,young soldiers&their families&LIES 'bout



BOOM. CLINTON/Russia http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration …
A person w extensive Hospital Admin  experience (Detox) with a specialty in Recovery Programs: AA NA CODA, AL-ANON etc Kaiser? Not AGs/DEAs
Good.  However, I do not appreciate your eating dinner with Jared and Ivanka to discuss tax policy.  They know nothing, less than Donald.
thank you for saying what needed to be said.
#maddow ask Sen. Manchin to have his daughter step down from her CEO Job of her drug company. CEO and she don't know jack. Investigate pls.
Doing your job for you.
https://t.co/nXwcjtPn6E?amp=1 joe please read this is major plan starting with Rx drug abuse 87% of drud addicts start with Tx drugs
DENVER STEWART of Ky. Coal Country is "ON THE SAME PAGE" with you. We need make sure Trump is receiving good 'counsel' in his decisions.
congrats, after-the-fact. How about actually doing something for your state? tax reform? healthcare?
The worst! Slacking #PuertoRicoRelief & #USVirginIslands relief, quiet on #CaliforniaWildfires. Too bad Escobar wasn't around for drug czar
Thank you!
Keep it up and it'll be a long while before you see another Democrat in office.
Thank you Joe for stepping up
Thank you Senator
We know what we will be seeing coming up on SNL!
Thanks.  Can you go one step further & suggest the nomination of Ex-DEA agent Joe Rannazzisi.  He is both qualified and looking for a job.
Thanks for everything you do for us (Huntington/Barboursville) Thanks for remembering my family & ALL WV'ian's impacted by addiction.
Big question: would Trump have even been aware of the problem with Marino if you hadn’t sent him the letter? Low info President. #Moron
You just lied to your constituents. Trump has said time and again he wants tax cuts for middle class. Shame.
Many thanks to you @Sen_JoeManchin 4 pushing 4 withdrawal of Marino nomination. Now Marino neads to lose his job in House 4 pushing opiates!
I can't with Republican Joe, today. I put up with many Dems who don't have the base at heart of their fight but this guy here is a WS.
Thank you for taking this step
Excellent! Thank you.
How did the bill pass by unanimous consent?
this is the press release version, the one trump got reads: “please fire Marino, he is a boring cunt who will cause your ratings to plummet”
Bravo!
You know Joe, better get all your facts in a row! BOB's watch spirited the legisla through. Appears bigPharma doped entire Congress!
You were governor of WV during the beginning of this pill explosion.  Now you want to make it impossible for old and sick people to get meds
If you continue to restrict doctors from being able to prescribe opioids, then many of these people will begin to use heroine
Good! This man was not right for the job!
Why doesn't #Trump vet his nominees for anything but loyalty? Congress & media must do that for him! Something must be done about that!
Thank you!
The rest of your tweet got cut off. You forgot “but when the vote comes I’ll support him anyway.”
Thank you!
Good.
This is why #donthecon wanted marino! #trumpswamp
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/investigations/dea-drug-industry-congress/?utm_term=.c5802ece9239 …
Well it worked, he's not gonna make swamp detail anymore.
Fantastic achievement senator.
Im a nurse and see what has happened. Norco is the drug of choice and destroying families! It has to be stopped by the MDs!
But you, Sen Manchin, did vote FOR this Bill when Barack Obama was President! RIGHT?
WVA & VA must stop wasting valuable resources & manpower on misguided prohibition of cannabis. Concentrate on the truly dangerous drugs.
As a parent, I worry far less about my daughters smoking cannabis, than I do about exposure to alcohol, cocaine, opioids. Drugs that kill!
And.... This morning, Tom Marino has withdrawn!
Trump attacks our freedom. Laughs at protests. Boycott Major GOP donors 
http://www.bds-trump.com 
boycott home depot, Carl's jr. Hardees
Leading from behind! If the public didn’t know you would have been full steam ahead.
Dig deeper.
A little mob candy for y'all tonight.
(This is for @hardhouz13. Best digger out there.)

"Introducing the Shitbag, Tom Marino"…
As a retired medical director of my state's alcohol and drug abuse administration, I thank @Sen_JoeManchin for taking this initiative.
What negotiations did you make with Trump behind close doors
Great letter that has worked, you will know in UK oxy type products are very rarely prescribed and we do not have this problem. Shocking!
Trump doesn't care about the human toll he's creating .. he's going to bring nothing but death & destruction to our Nation
Thank you for stepping up and getting rid of the congressional drug dealers!!!
You got your wish! Thank you Senator
Great! Next step- remember that you owe Trump NOTHING. You owe everything to your constituents. All of them.
Thank you! Excellent action to take! 
You took a big chance thinking that he can read.
And @realDonaldTrump responded w praise & admiration for an opioid epidemic drug pushing Congressman...just like his brother
You linked the President something from the "Failing NY Times"?
Thanks.
Sen. Mancin thank you and how can this type of legisla b avoided in future

Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
#Marino, thank you
I do so hope that a decent Dem or Independent runs against the #ManchinianCandidate next year.
That's all good Joe. Question:  Where have you been on the WV opioid crises the last several years?
You have ZERO credibility. First of all, you call the pussygrabber, Honorable, & secondly, you’re talking about your daughter’s cronies!
Thank you for this, even though I don't live in WVA.
outcomes? Not one Legislature knew what was in this bill? Who should we depend upon.  What is the job of your staff?
Something I do not understand: What is the job of Legislators if it is not to make sure that Legislation is designed to have the desired
Thank you
You and yo2ut Emperor are the most inept bunch of dimwits ever to defile our constitution.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/ex-dea-agent-opioid-crisis-fueled-by-drug-industry-and-congress/ …
in Morgantown and fairmont we are not going to vote for you, you vote with @chuckschumer not @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Ok but PA wants rid of him. So find him some other job to get him to DC !
I demanded instead of asked would have been so much more meaningful..
I'd rather have the
WELL BALANCED
ECOLOGY
of a SWAMP
Rather than T's
CONTAGIOUS
VIAL INFESTED
CESSPOOL
of LIES
GREED
RACISM
BIGOTRY
&REVENGE
Prolly his dealer.
@realDonaldTrump instead nominate @NeillFranklin for the job if you want to stop Americans from dying.
Stop enabling #TreasonousTrump @Sen_JoeManchin You will be put in the same category as him!
read the first line "honorable Donald Trump", nah this must be a wind up
Now start applying the 25th Amendment to the current resident of the White House.
Les pays amis du #Kurdistan,ts ceux qui se sont reposés sur lui pour tenir Daech en respect,l'abandonnent à son sort
Trump won't read that letter. To many words and no pictures. Try again.

After the 60 min report, this corrupt man who has destroyed thousands of lives & left bill for victims and tax payer should not be nominated
AMERICA
 
REMAINS 

VIGILANT!
GLAD U FINALLY SPOKE UP!
Thank you for your service to us as citizens!
Welcome back Joe!
Good decision.
I am hoping this is a step in the right direction. Protect the people of WV.
Good. Next, ask him to leave the office, take the homophobe Pence with him and back away from the Republic.
Rachel, check your tonsils, I also got allergies around 40,finally starting gargling with mouthwash,also drink lemon juice with LOCAL honey
I have been free of allergies for a few months now, no more medicine, my tonsils look almost normal,no more coughing, sneezing, nothing!
aks 45 about U.S. Code › Title 18 › Part I › Chapter 11 › § 227 and why he should get 15 years? and withdraw himself.
Are we sure this president can read?
Good play! Marino is under the thumb of pharmaceutical companies!
Honorable ¿
Joe it's more than a short paragraph (TL;DR) Trump will not take time to read
Sarah can read it for him
I hope you followed it up with Tweet
Now can you get rid of the rest of the bunch who have no business running their dept's? #incompetence
OMG. this has to be a joke. I hadn't realized. WH has gone so low and yet they somehow manage to go even lower.
You sure your daughter's ok with that?
Can’t wait for Hannity tomorrow.
thank you
GOOD, GOOD,GOOD!
Legal Drug Cartels at it again
Thank you sir.
Along with yourself I'm sure there are a couple of other Republicans in the senate who can keep him from being confirmed.
The deaths of thousands each year is the result of the policies Marino shepherded through Congress without debate, lots of dark money!
Marino and senior GOP especially,are the reason many Americans got hooked on drugs when DEA couldn't stop crooked Pharma from pushing drugs!
< thank you Senator @lucyimperial @realDonaldTrump
Thanks, Joe.
But did you vote yes on the bill he pushed?
Thank you, Senator!
While your at it work on the bill he and Blackburn passed. Thank you. Remarkable how it got past.
He’s another Trump’s swamps maker. I’m depressed and embarrassed by this beast!
Thank you.
are you afraid it could result in your exposure in helping to create the drug epidemic in this state huh traitor joe
all of wv sees you as a traitor you have your corrupt nose so far up the establishments ass you need to resign from office and go away
Manchin's daughter is CEO Mylan, who gouged EpiPen prices, made it unaffordable for those w/ life threatening illness. Friend of Pharma
Hope @realDonaldTrump listens. The opiate epidemic can't be stopped when the government protects the pharmaceutical industry.
Now, how about ridding the WH of the treasonous, criminal trash inhabitating it and ruining our country?
Thank you.
Good luck!
No shit this guy is not fit to work here
That's WAY too many words for him to read
Every single show, I learn so much! Your research, journalism and integrity are so imperative and I thank you
Recipe for your cold, for every three lime juice one garlic clove and honey at your like. Drink one ounce every four hrs
He's never gonna listen.. he listens to nobody
He shouldn't be allowed to appoint anyone while under investigation!!!!
Why is he going to take down your daughter
Honorable? Hahaha tantrump is a lot of things but honorable is not one of them.
Good for you! Thank you
go joe go
Better now than never to grow a spine @Sen_JoeManchin
This appointment is like making an arsonist a fire chief...enough insanity
How could congress approve this drug enforcement bill without closer scrutiny?Irresponsible or are they all on the take from drug companies?
manchin?- trumps best Dem friend?! ok, wtvr.
Thank you. That's the right thing to do.
UPDATE: Trump calls drug czar pick “a great guy” but he will “look into” connections to big pharma
Hot seat heating up @Sen_JoeManchin
Silence from AR delegation @SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman while Arkansans die every day from #opioidcrisis - donations from big pharma! #arpx
#Trump's defense is that he didn't vet this person? Is that supposed to make us feel better? #Marino
Now tell him to stop wasting taxes on any Drug Czar that's Required by Law to Lie
US don need no stinkin Czars
http://www.drugwarrant.com/articles/drug-czar-required …
All of komrade tRump's nominees are super rich douche bags that suck donkey dick! Drain the swamp, LOLOLOLOL!!
The so-called women’s groups turn out to be a lie and women all over have egg on their face
Wonder where he found all these foxes to man all the chicken coop cabinets. It's almost like it was on purpose.
NEW LEADERSHIP WEATHER YOU REP TILLIAN REP UBLICAN DEMA. DEMONDS IMAID YOU-ALL SO ANU IAM THE ANUNAKI GOD MARDUKE YOU KNOW DUKEENERGY
never gonna happen
YOU MOCKED ME SO ILL SHOW YOU THE DOOR AS YOU M.FUCKERS LIE YOU WONT 999TRILLION AND 600TRILLION ALREADY ON EARTH WHATS YOU FOOLISHQUESTION
Thank you!

Thank you Senator. I believe the president will do that.
Thank you and thank you to the ex DEA agent for his bravery to come out and tell the truth, that all Americans already knew
He's my House rep and we have a terrible opioid problem in my county.
Sinful
He won't listen, because he cant concentrate long enough to read 2 pages, your presentation must be in the form of a colorful chart!
Too bad that otherwise you are nothing more than a Blue Dog tool for the Republicans.
Go man go - drain the trump swamp in Washington
Thank you.  We don't need a drug czar who helped create the opioid epidemic.
Thank you
Good call......
Appointing this guy is not draining the swamp it is adding to the swamp big time!!!!!
this does need a hard look, but I do like Mr. Marino !
Every time I read something directed to The “Honorable” rump, I find myself gritting my teeth.  He is far from honorable 
And he’ll tell you to go eff yourself, simply b/c thereis a (D) after your name
ALL THIS...
I agree but it shows how our representatives can be lobbed by outside interest. We need to end Washington lobbying Congress do what’s right
You voted for the bill!! Unreal hypocrisy
60 minutes highlighted the game of "the war on drugs" lock up poor people, while the people that truly profit skate free.
Donald Trump nominates stupid candidates (for our interests) and smart for big money.
What part of your soul did he require? The devil always wants some payment . It is clear he is the devil and evil to the core. #Failure
