@JensKiel senator please convince our other representative, Ms. Capito
I sent the same tweet to Shelley Moore Capito @SenCapito . And she's a senator not a house rep.
is our representative, regardless of house or senate. She works for us or is supposed to
Capito is working for me just fine so far. I want school choice.
you have school choice now. You can homeschool, private school just not w/taxpayer money
Why not? I pay taxes.
because the amount of your taxes alone won't pay for it. You got to have help
And I went to parochial school. Same standards. Imagine that.
Thank you. No to Betsy DeVos
go away kool aide drinker, you are not even from WV. Write your own Senator.
I love when you assume.  I have no problems with the other Presidents pics.  Mathew 5:22
MO has a left wing commie senator you can pray for and spend more time worrying about your politics there?
Ha I was praying for you. I won't tell you what to do and you can't tell me what to do. Are you talking Blunt R
p.s. I have voted for Manchin my entire life however he is going to lose in 2018 for not supporting DJT.
You are the reason other states think we're all uneducated hillbillies. WV does NOT belong to Trump.
70% of WV voted for DJT.  We own him. Quit drinking cool aide from the Ohio River my friend.
Thank YOU!! #nobetsydevos
can't you just write to your commie senators and stay out of WV? Cool aide drinker
It's Kool-aid. Try to keep up.
its cool aide. I am a product of WV schools, always behind.
voting for racism. Shame on you. #LetLizSpeak #CorrettaScottKing #NoSessions
http://tinyurl.com/znwhxr2 
he's already stated he's voting No.
now you have to think of something else
Can't you make a deal with Capito?
Thanks for not bowing to pressure - you have examined issue, checked w/ your instincts, & decided Vouchers not right for WV.
cool aide drinker, vote DeVos.
there goes liberal Joe protecting teachers unions
is not a liberal. He's a disgrace to the Democratic party. Check his voting record, basically Republican.
wtf
thank you for saying no to DeVos
thanks for Sessions vote, but Charter schools provide choice as well as teacher accountability.  Love em!
apparently not too high to support known racist Sessions.
make sure to fight vouchers in Washington and West Virginia and any form of privitization
Public schools are failing under the weight of guidelines put on them by non-teachers. Parents shd be able to choose schools
And yet you voted for Sessions, where is the post where you state that you voted for Sessions? You're out in 2018!
Thank you. How about a chat with Senator Capito? She has to know how important this is for our state. WV teacher 30 years.
another kool aide drinking teacher. Can education be any worse thanks to our great teachers in WV?
I don't drink koolaid. But for 30 yrs I've given my best to students in WV. Many problems here. Comments from people like you are 1
youre wonderful. Teaching is a hard job. These children are a different breed then 15,20,25 and 30 years ago.Hats off teach
sold your kids education to the highest bidder.  Even 3rd world countries dont shyt on their kids.  Shame on you
So as long as your peeps are not African American. Because that's what you voted for with Sessions and you can sleep @ nite.
except voting in @SenatorSessions means children of color will have less of an opportunity to excel under the law.
unfortunately you voted for an AG who will not protect our civil rights, which include access to education. Shame!
You are losing my vote by sideing with liberals at the expense of our childrens schools.
No DeVos
I would love to live in a rural area
@CTownWV @Sen_JoeManchin Joe will say and do anything to get elected
@SenateDems Please don't vote for #Sessions either.
your a left wing democrat that belongsvin baltimore. Write to your commie senators and leave WV alone
Well, I never  @Sen_JoeManchin @SenateDems
ok, we love you..
disappointed in your vote once ahain
You voted against DeVos but my question is why did you vote for Sessions who has a lot of complaints about his racist biases
Yet you voted for a racist. What's the plan? Alienate our allies, so when trump & russia takeover the U.S we're on our own
sadly u were wrong on Mrs DeVos and Dr Price as well as gun control, guess you cannot overcome ur libprog union roots
Thank you for supporting public education in WV! #VoteNoDevos
another kool aide drinking teacher. Education in WV cant get any worse??? Vote DeVos
thank you for common sense on this issue!
another Trump hating commie. Cool aide drinker
is that because common sense = Trump hating commie?
lack of.....
you wanted common core and now won't show up for work keep playing childish games and a Repub will take ur seat
Thank you, Senator Manchin.
Why did you vote for Sessions?  Aren't civil rights as important?
thank you for your vote NO today, in confirming DeVos!
The truth @Sen_JoeManchin Wealthy @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems DO NOT want THEIR kids going to school with poor inner city kids #schoolchoice
Public schools are known for corruption in their unions. Private schools provide competition to make public schools better.
you and your daughter have screwed west virginia for your personal agendas. farther more you both continue to screw america
Like WVU gave your daughter a degree without having to do any work? Public schools need reform not more lip service!
@Bakari_Sellers this Pittsburgh Public Schools teacher thanks you!!!!
voted in favor of Jeff sessions I hope you enjoy your last time being in the senate! Come midterms you out
Thank you for Not supporting DeVoss. Too bad your friends across the aisle put $$ ahead of our kids.
@SenateDems Thank you Sen Manchin. Thank you for trying.
thank you, thank you, thank you! #VoteNoDevos
Thank you. Please keep fighting for public schools in #WV.
You will not be reelected.  Too liberal for most West Virginians.
@Bakari_Sellers u can forget that, while china education system is mandatory, we're gonna be building a fuking wall
Please hold strong, vote #NooneDevos.  A decent education for all our children is at risk.
This one tweet won't make people forget who you are, Judas. You sicken me. @Sen_JoeManchin @Bakari_Sellers
Stakes WEREN'T too high for you to support Putin crony Rexxon Tillerson, nor too high for you to support racist Sessions.
#WVForDevos
I also want to know where your #FakeNews came from about her Failing in WV? Who were these people? Your fighting A Christian
Mr Manchin! SHAME ON YOU! You are a TRADER Your Teachers Unions  WILL NOT vote you in! #WVForBetsyDevos
The status quo is unacceptable. Doing things the same way & expecting different results =?
So disappointed you are not going to support our President's nominee.
thank you for keeping WV last in education!
stop teachers union from destroying our state and our country.  Vote yes for #devos
we want #devos for the state of WV.  Reconsider your vote!
THANK YOU!
I can share reasons otherwise.
Thank you!
please voteYES and support the very qualified and best for West Virginia Betsy DeVos  I am a West Virginia Citizen #Truth
Which explains why you have your head up the teacher's unions ass! Come on, pull your head out & take a breath!
thank you Senator for standing up for our children
Maybe the stakes are to high to support Joe Manchin.
And you do THAT by making sure our educational system is controlled by unions (who interestingly are opposed to CHOICE) Hmm
Thank You!!!!!
If you are really interested in WV children than give them the proper tools to do so "Support Devos "
@SenateDems thank you  sir for looking out for our children with disabilities and our public school system
@SenSchumer @SenToomey It's the same old story - "Public education sucks, so let's do more of the same". Enough! Vote DeVos!
You work for the ppl of WV just in case you forgot we want school choice # your fired!!!!!
Your way has not worked in the past # school choice
Thank you for speaking up! :)
Protect the schools, just remind the kids not to drink from the fountains.
Good for you. I urge you to vote NO on all of the nominees. Unqualified or inappropriate people.
how is public schools working so far for WV?  Not good
No doubt ed needs reform. This isn't the way! Thank you Joe for voting #NoDevos!! WV deserves better.
legalize Marijuana,  problem solved.
if not Devos, who then?
Thank you Senator for supporting WV public education!
I agree, thank you. Why doesn't Sen. Capito vote for what's best for our state instead of supporting a bad candidate?
Thanks for supporting education and not politicians. It's been a while
vote yes on DeVos. After 50 yrs of same thing, WV education system is terrible. Vote for something new.
Thank you @Sen_JoeManchin for standing up for public educators, students, and public schools! WV cannot afford to have DeVos as Sec of Ed.
Like the opportunity your child was given with her fake degree from WVU?
Yeah, because FedEd policy has worked soooooo well the last few decades! Let's keep doing THAT!!
what's the matter with this woman? Is she a pedophile?
THANK YOU for supporting our children! Our friends and family in #CabellCounty #WV #MarshallUniversity are proud!
THANK YOU!!!!
vote 4 a chic who has billions & neither her or her children attended public schools & she couldn't even answer basic ?'s 
vote NO ON DeVos
thank you for keeping WV students in mind! Keep placing WV before Hill politics!
thank you!!!
where was his concern for WV when hillary was closing all the coal industry he was helping his daughter make millions dirty!
#DeVos or we toss you.
I wonder where his daughter went to school , that's right just think about that for a minute where was all of his .....
Please try to change Capito's mind. Ask her to vote for our children and not along party lines! Thank you.
Thank you Senator!!  Good call!
you suck as WV representing Senator and I pray you don't get voted back in if you don't confirm Betsy DeVos. You're bad 4 WV
Thank you for standing up for WV public schools by voting #NoonDeVos! #holdthefloor
Senator Manchin I think if Devos does not make it I think you need to make motion to do away with Dept Ed; money saved!
@SenateDems Thank you for supporting the children.
with this one no vote, you have regained my confidence in you. Thank you!!!
go talk some sense into your counterpart across the aisle. @SenCapito needs some help
yes!!!
All we have left in WV is welfare and drugs. Great. Stand with Schumer and Pelosi.
Are you making us look like a fool again. You stood with Hilary when she said she would shut the coalminers down.
bye bye Traitor Joe. good luck in your next gig.
Thank you!
. @Sen_JoeManchin - you need to talk to @SenCapito Joe.  She wants to gut education for WV KIDS!!  #StopDeVos #SwampCabinet #TrumpWins4NoOne
@SenateDems fantastic presentation on the floor today standing up for public education, thank you
I am a die hard Trump "deplorable", but DeVoss is not a good choice, especially for a state like WV.
Tell @SenCapito that #DeVos is not right for WV
@SenCapito Thank you Joe for standing up!!! Call Shelley Moore Capito!!!
Thank you for standing up for the American people. Our kids deserve better! America deserves better! Thank You!! #noDevos
You need to change you mind.  WV us last in nation in education.  We need a change.  Vote for her
@SenateDems thank you from a parent! We need to strengthen public schools with a someone committed to that. Devos is not
@SenCapito Thank you Senator Manchin!! Vouchers and school choice will not help WV students and the public school system.
one thing ya got right
@SusanMileyWV Thanks, and I hope you'll be able to convince @SenCapito, as well.
Hey Joe, They are failing now and have been for years. My wife a PS teacher says let someone outside like Devos have a chanc
Please reconsider, DeVos could help WV!
Thank you for standing up to DeVos!
The People clearly deserve the choice in charter or public schools . Betty DeVos is completely qualified .
please #VoteNoDevos
Thank you Senator! Urge your colleagues to vote NO on DeVos!!
Thank you!
thank you for voting against DeVos. WV needs more like you in Washington.
I am urging you to support Devos.  Do what is right for the country and not what's right for your party.
Bravo @Sen_JoeManchin #VoteNoDevos
#support DeVos let us have a choice
again I say: what u have been doing IS NOT WORKING! Give her a try...can't get worse
@SenateDems School choice/vouchers give ALL equal opportunity & no excuses for tenured lazy uncaring teachers to slack off
shameful
, please reconsider.
@rkay63 do nothing congressional republicans are at it again. They need to fired, wake America
So you do have balls - good to know!
@SenateDems Obstructionist!  Hypocritical grand standing.
@SenateDems DeVos has hurt Michigan schools!! I know because I'm from Michigan. You are doing the right thing Senator!!
thank you Senator. 
You're right.  @staley_dale
Please protect our 45th ranking in the US.  Don't change. You should be proud - we're not 50!   Yet.  BTW, got free epipens?
Good to see you step up.
@SenateDems NO on DEVOS!!! NO NO NO
- Please stop listening to Hillary's political consultants and trust your judgement.
WVEA's man right here!
Thank you. All children deserve access to quality education. Plz also consider voting against #Sessions.
if they want quality education, they should leave this state.  Ranked 45th
Will DeVos Destroy Schools for Military Kids w/ Disabilities?
http://militaryoneclick.com/devos-confirmation-mean-education-military-families/ …
https://goo.gl/kIwTbh 
Way to go Joe!
@SenateDems thank you!
thank you for speaking up on behalf of WV on DeVos. Now if only Capito would listen I would be proud of you both
Thank you! #stopDeVos
@SenateDems Thank you! 
You will lose... I will donate to whomever runs against you.
How much is this @potus really costing the USA? Socially, Economy, Politically? 30 mil a month for NYC home, EU, Bans,etc..
@SenateDems You better vote to approve ALL of Trumps cabinet picks
You voted in the wrong person! He's not a GOP his a Dem! We expect him to do the opposite.
Amen Joe!
Thank you! Now let's see you do the same for the rest of the unqualified cabinet nominations.
wrong!  Say it ain't so, Joe.   Make it about the kids and not the dough!  Epi pens are for the dough!
So what u saying keep everything the same throw more money at the problem and stay the same It's time to try something new
It's about time you stand up for something!
I disagree..  Ms DeVoss brings change to the table, we in WV haven't done well THIS way, let's try a different way
Thank you for comments & stories about #WV as you championed quality public edu for all Americans #holdthefloor #StopDeVos
so to do so you will be voting No for #Devos right? Otherwise you are talking out both sides of your mouth Joe.
He has said he's voting "No" for a while now.  http://www.wvgazettemail.com/gazette-op-ed-commentaries/20170204/joe-manchin-wv-needs-its-public-schools-devos-would-be-poor-choice-for-education …
thank you!  There is no way her privatization of public education will work everywhere, especially in WV.  She has no clue!
Thank you!
great job
if you want to help WV schools you MUST support DeVos - she wants poor kids to have what rich kids with liberal parents have
Oh, yeesh, I just read, ...support #DeVos ... I was all what???
