The more I hear from you the less I think you're a true democrat Time to change your party affiliation
U must b happy Assange/Wikileaks helper got commuted sentence since U said Assange more trustworthy than POTUS.
I don't approve of calling you a Democrat. @repjohnlewis is right: trump IS illegitimate. & Hannity is NO FRIEND to ANY Dem.
thank you for representing the over 40% of West Virginians that support Trump.
I think it's a travesty that you'd show up on fake news  @seanhannity
.@Sen_JoeManchin @seanhannity  Finally, a Democrat who looks at things from a practical perspective .  Kudos to you Senator- great segment.
yeah. It's known as being a traitor
I always appreciate input, better late than ever..Joe puts WV first- he's practical.
Your friend?
your friend? There is reaching across the aisle and then reaching to Satan. And then your Lewis comments. Shame
I wish all Democrats were like you Senator.  Dems need to grow up and stop pouting!
u mean Dems should be Republican I guess.joe is a Dino and a disgrace
Thanks Joe, I am a conservative, and will happily vote for you, must repeal the ACA!
this proves it. Cons love you.cut the BS Joe. Ur a wolf in sheep's clothing.just switch and stupid hypocrisy
friend? You should be more selective.
saying hannity is your friend is a betrayal to the American people
Write it down Manchin, you won't be able to run from the stench of what you're doing. There'll be another day.
Anyone who names that hack @seanhannity as a friend is clearly not a Democrat.
or of sound mind
are u serious Hannity is an idiot kkk woman hater #manchinrepublicanpuppet
And why did your state elect this guy @Sen_JoeManchin ? Sounds like a Republican to me. Sean Hannity..Really?
Any friend of Sean's is no friend of W VA Democrats ....
So are u a wolf in sheep's clothing. Repub pretending to be a Dem. Hannity doesn't have friends, just handouts.
What the...  please reexamine your life choices.
Fabulous interview! Thank you for being an honest politician and American. God bless you. Proud of you!!!
I have young family followers. Your inappropriate language is blocked. Have a good day.
Then you surely have the President-elect blocked as well?
Only a damn fool would say the Russian and FBI meddling didn't cost Clinton the election, of course it did.
Now I see why you are a turncoat to John Lewis.
I must say I have the utmost respect 4 you! One of the VERY few democrats willing to work & unite! God Bless!
what a crock of snot. If a Republican did this you'd be calling for his head
You're the kinda democrat I used to be,now I no longer recognize the party. I switched to Republican here in CA
your handle shoes ur nuts
I think you are a traitor to the Dem Party. #DINO
Lumpy is a friend? Didn't know he had any. Joe, make it official - switch parties already.
just change to GOP already.
GLAD YOU ARE WORKING WITH THE NEW PRES. WVA PROUD!!!!!!!
.@Sen_JoeManchin @seanhannity This explains a lot about your comments re: John Lewis. Deeply disappointing.
U would be less destructive if u just went ahead and joined your racist buddies on the right.#URNOTALEGITDEMOCRAT #Shameful
Traitor! Quit pretending to be a Democrat.
Pls change parties. The dems don't need u. They've got the #GOP destroying democracy just fine w/o u helping.
Would probably have a bit more respect for you if you chose your friends more wisely.
When are you going to change Parties to the Republican Party?
Youre a democratic rep, why hide it ? Or are you a DINO that would explain your bigotry
Your friend? Hannity has spent 8yrs denigrating Obama and you call him friend. Just change to GOP and stop the pretense.
peotus should be impeached.   An embarrassment, destroys our reputation, dont protect him. You will lose your seat.
Did Sean use Weekly World News "reporters" to smear Democrats again while you were on?
Such a shame!! Sad!
Ah. Being friends with the likes of Hannity explains why you disrespected @repjohnlewis

Good to see you working for the Kremlin. Maybe next week, RT?

Your friend, Sean Hannity? I thought better of you. I was wrong. You are just another spineless pol.
http://freedomparty.com  names Sen Manchin "most important person" in 1Q 2017... read why in 2016 post-mortem!
I must say you are a likable democrat . That is so refreshing to hear you speak without calling republicans names . T .You
Your friend? I'd love to tell you what I think.
someday we will see you running for President.
: I think you are on exactly the right path. A Senator being a Senator. Thank you.
GOD JUST PUT R BEHIND YOUR NAME AND GET ON WITH BEING A REPUBLICAN
I love your pro life record! The Dems need more like you.
You are too good an American for this "democrat" party, Senator. Pls  come over to Repubs.
excellent show.  Why can't more Dems/Reps understand that working together is better than insults and slander
u mean to talk about how @Justiceforwv hired your wife for state office even after the epi-pen issue?
Thank you for being a voice of reason. Refreshing.
I  think you need to change parties. Your the only one with any sense in the democratic party.
Enjoyed it. Don't know enough about Sessions, good info, thanks for sharing.

Your what my party was Mr Machin. 
Great interview! I'm orig from WV now in TN. Very proud of your willingness and support of PE @realDonaldTrump
Senator Manchin, thank you!
a breath of fresh air!! Why didn't you run???
It was great to see you @Sen_JoeManchin, very impressive. @seanhannity
. You go joe you make this old wv country girl proud to see you and our president Trump working together 
Senator, you are a true American!  
you need to change parties. Come to the light..
Hopefully your nose will be browned enough by reelections to please your voters. #sycophant 
you're both revolting to me. Joe manchin makes me embarrassed to be from WV.
@Ron_Christie @seanhannity seriously???? Hannity???? I thought you had values.
friend? Fight for Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and the ACA or resign. Simple. We will not forget.
What I think is that if @seanhannity is "your friend" that you are not a friend of the party you "represent".
just become a repug already
I'd like 2C more in your party willing 2 discuss the possibility of compromise & more Reps willing 2 listen thx
Will Do! You give me a Glimmer of Hope for the Democrat Party. JFK was the last good Democrat President.
no
your friend thinks Russia is more trustworthy than the US intelligence service. Choice of friends says a lot.
