Hope you get primaried or lose to a republican; not like we would notice a difference if a Republican took your seat.
You sound pretty proud of yourself. Don't you remember what our streams looked like? They were orange. Orange. All for what?
we're watching your votes. This is not what West Virginia needs.
That is a truly horrific thing to brag about. "I stand for destroying the environment and poisoning water because $$ >> all"
you just poisoned WV waterways. Most are dead already below strip jobs. ask Sen Unger, we worked in McDowell together
You are proud to allow companies to poison our water? How much are they paying you?Joe has got to goTrump Flunky like Capito
no, I can't support coal barons right to poison WV, they have raped our state in more than one way for over 100 years

good! wv farm family supporting you!
So you want your kids to get mercury poisoning and asthma?
No we don't . Do like electricity?
Yea, that's why I get it from the sun. Removing this rule makes coal even dirtier.
All of your power needs are met by solar, Tracey?  I call bullshit.
Then you don't know how solar works.
I know you're lying.
neighborhoods gettin together to decrease cost
how could you??? Our streams are our life and you have condemned us all SHAME ON YOU coal is dead gas killed it now kill gas
why?
poison our country with Racist Bigot Jefferson Beauregard Sessions is equally offensive as the decision to poison our water
MTN top removal will rule- no good jobs-dead streams deer, fish, people WTH were you thinking You buried us with the streams
shame on you for polluting our water! We must use sense! Jobs yes but we need clean air and water! #StreamProtectionRule
Why after Elk River would you defend dumping industrial waste into waterways?
RIGHT - No drinking water for thousands of people for extended periods of time! Unsafe to bathe in - terrible!
Yes it is. Ma'am how many garages and shops, stores , restaurants are out of business?
Our Democrat senator is fighting for WV I will stand for any man/woman that fights for WV
he ought to fight for WV to diversify and not rely 100% on one or two industries - esp failing 1s.
Susan's "diversity plan" -regulate the coal industry out of existence and go on welfare
it wasn't only regs killed coal. Mkt forces, cheaper prices elsewhere, alt energy comp.
So, you concede that the Obama Administration had a hand in killing the coal industry?
I will not vote for you again and discourage other WV residents as well. You and JBS have set back civil rights for all.
couldn't wait for End Times, eh?
Joe, welcome to the party of Common Sense
No on Sessions, pls
No to Devos
Stand with @SenJeffMerkley and #FilibusterGorsuch, if you're not with us, you're against us.
shame on you, Manchin. A pox on your house!
Pay for wall take a penny out of every dollar fed spending how much would that be  pays for wall in two years
SO glad we moved out of that 'state'. Drink up!
You're totally getting primaried. TOTALLY
Wv citizens will pay for the consequences of this bill with our health, history will not be kind to you
tell constituents the truth, this rule change won't bring coal back, it's over
no matter what you do the Trumpsters won't support you, be a real dem and think progresss not regression
short-sighted and wrong for us, we need stronger protections against rogue coal, not weaker
What a shameful thing you have done. You are no better than trump, our environment will suffer, how terrible.
You just made my voting decision easy for me.
disappointed in your lack of protection of West Virginians' land, air and water.
WV is already an impoverished disastrous shithole.  Lead in groundwater is what the people who elected you deserve, Joe.
you say assuring clean drinking water is a job killer. I say toxic waste in drinking water is a people killer.
HOW THE FUDGE. You do know what coal waste run off does to ones health right?!?!
SHAME ON YOU.
So you voted yes to  dumping  mining waste into our rivers and streams?
Congratulations. You have voted to pollute your constituents water. Shame on you.
So you supported dumping coal waste into our water. Then I'll be voting for someone who actually cares about our health.
Joe! Joe! You sold your soul down the river. Bad call Sir!  WV deserves clean water.
yes because we all know that the regulations are the only thing that caused coals decline.  #sad #wv #diversification
Bad move , I can't wait till 2018 for a real Democrate
WV needs clean Water without coal slurry. Remember 2014 spill? Repeal and Replace Joe Manchin. Another Trump Flunky
Water, water everywhere and not a drop to drink
How can you brag about putting corporate profit ahead of the health and safety of the people of WV?
you're a disgrace since you've been in DC totally spineless...change your party...won't get my vote again...
Putting business interests over public health & environmental protection is fundamentally unjust.
At least u trying to do something if it doesn't work u can change it beat running around doing nothing always try beat talk
It seems for every good thing you do, you do something awful. WV needs clean water. This is very shortsighted of you.
#TrumpRussia What are you going to do to protect us from the Russian asset in the White House? #impeachmentcountdown
he will do nothing he has become a real jerk since he went to Washington
Marijuana isn't causing the opioid crisis. I can't smoke Marijuana but I can go to a dr & get narcotics. #stopBlamingPot
stop blaming Marijuana.the "war on drugs" was a loss& those who paid the price were the poor& POC.
#PrimaryManchin
He is a Trump Flunky only cares about money but needs us to believe poison is good for us
traitor r me! Manchin new title since voting for tillerson and planning to vote for gorsuch
This is not something to be proud of. Poisoning WVians is reprehensible.
Ignore the phony constituents in the tweets, Sen Manchin.  They've probably never even set foot in WV.
https://moezmusings.wordpress.com/2016/09/18/the-pusher-man/ … the ohio valley is in crisis what will you do?
Not something to be proud of, actively working against the interests of ur constituents. #shameonyou
please reconsider your position. We the people of by God WV need clean water more than we need jobs.
vote for DeVos! Following the teachers' union has caused the problems with our public schools! We voted for change.
To hell with the environment. Just let the coal "industry" ruin clean water and the air we breathe in WV.  Take me home.
it's time to bring in a real progressive to give this waste of sack back to the woods
I've always wanted some coal in my water .... yum!
it's one step forward and a gazillion steps back with you. pls become the democrat you pretend to be or become a republican
Good job, Joe.  Ignore the whiners.  Here's an example of the EPA at "work"...
- So you want to poison your constituents? You sold out the PPL of WV for dirty mine money.
saw you on @cnn insist you'll enforce CWA and EPA will have control. That means you'll vote no on Pruitt for EPA, right?
Shame on you, you are out!
Block Devos save our public schools
you are awful
I can't wait to vote against you.
COAL IS DEAD. COAL IS NOT COMING BACK. Ya know what we DO want to hold onto? DRINKABLE WATER.
For shame!
Wait I get it now , it's 3 step plan Poison water, People Die Fead people can't work = more jobs
Yay WV the Next poison water capital of the World. Joe is Trump flunky.
So let me get this straight: you don't care about whether we're poisoned, just if billionaires make more money?
NO! We want safe clean water!
- congratulations I hope you're downstream of this ruling.
I hope they fill your water cooler with the same contaminated water you condemned us to drink.
Because clean water....who needs it?
Shame on you. Always wonderful to see my neighbors cows sending e coli to the thousands of people living downstream.
.@Sen_JoeManchin Cheat River in 1988 - MAKE AMERICA ORANGE AGAIN!! -
.@Sen_JoeManchin Make America Orange Again!! (Pic is the Muddy Creek in Cheat watershed BEFORE EPA saved it!
Let them eat cake errrrrr drink coal run off water.
Ok now will you led the fight against @realDonaldTrump racism, bigotry & misogyny? Vote no on @SenJeffSessions @jeffsessions
Poor Robert is a professional victim.  Sad.
You are wrong wrong wrong on this. So much has been done for our rivers!
Stupid thing to be proud of.
when we had the MCHM water crisis was that not enough for you.  Oh I forgot you weren't anywhere to be found.
Guess you won't mind cow waste in your drinking water? We are all downstream.
f @pbs left u out if their report all together....are u sure u r against the rule? U may want to call them
like Muslim ban. U have a lot of problems with clean water etc. I'm suspicious of motivation. many liers in congress.
safe water is just that. EPA and this regulation wouldn't exist without a need. Clean it up or be forced to. Nobody did.
sounds like a lot of things that the Obama administration did without input.
since 1988 I have watch my friend stand tall for the right choices for our state WV and now the Nation of the US. Thank you
while you are dreaming we will have unsafe water again
What a horrible thing to be proud of, Senator. I hope all your voters are making notes.
yes we are!
Wv and Ky residents will be eaten up with cancer
