Big week coming up!
.@Sen_JoeManchin is @realDonaldTrump's favorite "Democrat." What happened to the platform of the @wvdemocrats in 2016? Represent US!
What do you say @wvdemocrats & @BeeDemocrat ? #PaulaJean2018 #byeJoe #PrimaryJoeManchin
U have lots of work to do and shouldn't have been vacationing. Lets c what u get done, we r watching
That's great. Remember DACA is executive overreach & unconstitutional. & no gov (taxpayer) bailouts of O-care. I'm already fined for no ins.
For now, until #WV voters change that. Prove urself if u want to retain ur seat.
Your legacy is that you stand against DREAM ACT in 2010. You will be always remember because of that.  How will you vote this time?
Where do you stand on DACA Joe? I hope that you are for these productive, paying taxes, severed or serving our country people. #savedreamers
Stand up for WV Dems joe.
That's ok Joe...@paulajean2018 can handle the work from here. You go relax 
It is cruel to end #DACA  Please pass legislation to protect these innocent AMERICANS from being deported
We're always going to remember how well you worked with this president, Senator. Always. 
Try to have some courage & save DACA please.
Work on getting impeachment started joe. I wish that could be done to work for the greater good. But this president has not acted like this
We would appreciate you finally standing up to Trump. Sincerely, West Virginia
Support President Trump's Tax Reform Plan.
Fund the Wall, you owe it to us! America/WV first!
DINO
For the love of God do something...
Senator please see if you can get our 2 Florida Senators to do Something. Thank you for your service.
Hope you're committed to protecting Dreamers, stabilizing ACA, reauthorizing CHIP, and fully funding social safety net programs.
You're good at giving other people's money away KT! Speak only for yourself!
Fund the wall!! Repeal Obummer care, tax cuts!

Support Bob Mueller, deny $ for the wall, save the Dreamers, simplify tax prep, continue ACA.
Why?
If that is true then Rerpel ObamaCare.
Why do you vote with GOP on so many issues ?
Do you have Russian ties like Rohrbacher?
Give Trump Hell , we don't need this racist crap in WV Joe
Why don't you just join the Republikkkans? You act like one most the time anyway
I hope you'll do what is BEST, BRING BACK LAW AND ORDER JOE !!!
Protect the Dreamers please!
Screw ILLEGALS N U !!!
impeach djt
You sir Manchin voted for Jeff Sessions as AG. He committed Perjury, colluded w/Russia. YOU are Traitor to America! #Resistance Primary Joe!
Loser
Then do it, get it done, get it passed 
Repeal
Manchin,  you are one serious POS
Liberals I guess American kids should not dream
You going to work with Maxine, Nancy, and Chuck? Tell me what people of West Virginia agree with these people on. Boom!
You better pass some bills or you won't be back to serve the people like you say!!!! We are getting pissed off 
Talk is cheap. Actions are what matters. If you want to remain our senator, you will do what's best for the state, not your special interest
@realDonaldTrump vote how the people of #WV whom you represent would want you to vote   end #DACA #TaxReform
Bahahaha. Enjoy your last fall semester!
Excuse me if I dont hold my breath
Let's hope so
I hope you will be supporting tax reform.
Pls. do not confirm Tom Marino as drug czar. http://www.globalnewscentre.com/president-trump-nominating-rep-tom-marino-pa-again-for-drug-czar-is-a-disservice-to-america/#sthash.exfK35wt.q6ghibVE.dpbs …
Now to convince the rest of the elected officials to get to work and quit bickering.
Republicans better Not stop DACA'S, as it will end their careers, much sooner than they think!
BOT
Please start with articles of impeachment.
Per your reasonings that DACA rips families apart, we should close all prisons since every prison sentence rips families apart. #Congress
You are not going to work with anyone, Schumer rules you, you will fall in line just like every other mind numbed Democrat in Congress.
Say "No" to border wall funding! Leave DACA alone. Fund advertising for ACA registration.
Screw u an ALL THE ILLEGALS !!!
Pass a veto-proof bill to close Trump's twitter account for the sake of our national security.
Actions speak louder than words Congress is made it clear that it's all about them but we'll see contributing Americans have had it with you
Stabilize the ACA. Protect us from Trump's madness. I fear his antics will lead us to more trillions for war.
Shut up Maylan liar.
just don't be a trumppuppet and do your job to help W Virginians and all Americans.
well then....
repeal KlownKare
pass tax *reform*
end obamas illegal DACA
pass relief for Houston
admonish the media for their HATE for Trump
then again .. *you yourself said:  "" I (you) dont give a shit ""
bnuy
BEFORE WE TALK: Build the Wall, Federal Voter ID., 15% Business Tax and replace Obama Care.
As a conservative I support @Sen_JoeManchin as someone who has the best interest in doing what's right for America regardless of party
Just remember: ending #DACA will not reopen the coal mines and factories.
Please help save #DACA Sen. Manchin.
Ass kisser
