@MartinHeinrich @SenatorTomUdall Both of U should learn from Joe on how to do your jobs. He works for his state.True Senator
He voted to roll back stream protections. Voted for Sessions. And on and on.
You should appreciate him as our senators have no backbone. Soft lefties. sad
.@Aj80664979 @Sen_JoeManchin @MartinHeinrich @SenatorTomUdall This is why we don't want him.
Lissa,if you are running for office I pray  the people of WV don't elect U. President Trump will bring jobs
Only "coal" jobs 45 will bring to WV is if he legalizes marijuana and turns the fields into grows. Jobs, revenue. @LlysseWylle
That would be a good idea. We keep pushing for that, here. Doesn't look likely, tho.
@Sen_JoeManchin No U all don't want to turn WV into Mexico. With the$ you will make also comes a lot of trouble & crime. Ask Co
Thanks Joe! Keep it up! Remember who you work for!
He works for his donors, only he's feeling the heat from votes on Sessions, Pruitt, SPR
We'll certainly try!
Too little Too late!
Yup!
get out of bed with 45, Bannon, Miller, and Briebart.
... and get out of bed with Big Pharma.
thanks  for this crumb.
But we can't forget he really represents his donors; just feeling the heat right now.
I so very much hope that someone will run against you next term. Anyone really.
I hope so, too.
You do realize Wilbur Ross was the largest stock holder and partner to a Russian money laundering bank in Cyprus, don't you?
Wilbur Ross helped DT launder BIG $.You know it.Say it.
apparently he didn't trust you enough to include you in the preservation of the TRUTH. #TrumpRussia
Very well said, Thank you for examining the facts closely.
You meet with any white nationalists at Breitbart but dismiss progressives. What the hell is wrong with you? #PrimaryManchin
how's living with your mother going snowflake?
Pres. Obama took great pains to preserve Russian hacking evidence by sharing with others in government to protect the truth.
- isn't he part owner of a Russian bank? Seems like evy1 near Trump is tied to Putin on 1 way or another-FOLLOW the 
how about the fact that he's a money launderer for Russian oligarchs?
Finally you are voting correctly.
@realDonaldTrump IF NOW Secy ROSS was ALL 4MONEY$ WHY the HELL would he leave his cushy life to take on this MESS?@FoxNews
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump SEN. Manchin W PA along with W VA think a like I VOTED TRUMP & so did most why r u against Ross? 
Your an American Disgrace!! Please step down!!
love'n ya Joe. You see where supporting the excrement these crybaby tools looked up to got our state. Keep up the good work.
principles? ? Stood by while Obama and Hillary destroyed miners.
I respect you for being willing to stand by your principles and do what you feel is best for the people of WV.
He's feeling the pressure and outrage. This is a good vote, but we shouldn't forget:
I didn't know who Ross was but after reading Joe' statement, he seems like he's all about the dollars.
I can appreciate and understand your vote....Thank you
U might want to add to your list of reasons why you didn't vote for Wilbur Ross & expand on your reason to vote for Sessions
This same oligarch was also a part owner to the very same Cyprus bank that Wilbur Ross was part of?
It is also alleged that Ross was the go between to a Russian oligarch and Trump in the 95 mil property transaction?
thanks for your vote against Ross.  my family founded the town of Sago. we cant let the memory of the miners disappear.
you are history in 2018.... time to REPLACE you with a senator that will represent the people's interest!!!! Pathetic...
Thank you for addressing substantive facts in well thought out positions.
I understand Senator.  Sago is a good argument against.
I have you been able to discuss this with President Trump?
I respect your vetting of Wilbur Ross and decision/vote on the nomination. You fine example of what public service should be
Go on and defect Joe-Dems won't miss you at all!
Stop pretending to be a Dem & just publicly blow President Gerbils Bannon & run from now on as a PeePee Toad Party member
Please be sure to remind voters about voting in favor of Jeff Sessions for AG. That one will leave a mark. Red Dems Suck
You still suck and need to switch parties. Without checking, I'm guessing your vote was of no consequence #ShowPony
jobs went away because of what past administrations have done to America. You have been part of that
Thankfully your support is not needed to approve the nominees. I worked at WSX Mr.Ross did not close it.
vote against very needed-but he's in anyhow. Please investigate and be alert to the Russian connections-we'll see more
Good for you, do it more often and get @SenCapito to join in on the side of WVians. #SavetheACA
so how many nominees have you stopped?  Lose again.  Waste of time.
but have no problem with poisoning the water or promoting fascist.
Understood.
Thanks for holding firm @Sen_JoeManchin. Wish you'd resisted Pruitt, but I'll take what I can get.
This was a good vote, only because he's feeling pressure. Voted for Sessions Pruitt also
too little, too late
thanks for the against vote
I think you need distance yourself from all things trump
And all things Mylan
of course he did...he is a typical leftist democrat. does not surprise me.
What's a matta Joey, you feelin' the heat? GOOD!
We can't let him represent donors 95% of the time, and us just when he realizes we notice.
you are demonstrating courage in a difficult time. Thank you.
He demnstrts fear of constituents.Didya see recent @politico story? He reps donors, Mylan
Good job, Joe.
thank you!! I continue to be impressed with your decisions on cabinet nominees in many cases. , A WV gal in NJ.
Thanks @Sen_JoeManchin. We appreciate the nay vote, but you still are out in 2018. Giving Jeff Sessions a crucial vote is unforgivable.
Also Pruitt, rolling back stream protections. Then there's Mylan.
I am a constituent of yours. Keep going with the left and WV will have 2 republican senators. Did you forget about the coal
saluti da San Giovanni in Fiore
The Sago miners died as a result of a lighting strike
too bad you didn't get a conscience before voting for Sessions...maybe you found a backbone
No... he found he was getting bad press.
Thank you for putting WV first and for letting us know how and why you made your decision. I'm not a Democrat, but agree.
AND I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT MAKE A GOOD REPUBLICAN SOME DAY...VERY DISAPPOINTED IN YOU JOE.
SORRY-IT'S BULLSHIT JOE! VETTING? YOU CITED DEATHS FROM ACCIDENTS AND ATTEMPT TO ASSIGN BLAME-YOU'RE A COWARD AFTER ALL JOE
where is your statement on voting for racist Sessions?
Good question. Would love to hear his thoughts on Mylan, too.
you have no principles if your leaders are Chucky and Nancy.
@LeslieRubinWCHS We the people will remember next time you run for reelection Joe.
Be sure to remember about Mylan, too:
Guess you are standing with Perez now.  Forget about Wva.
We have coal companies hiring at this time. Guess you couldn't stand success.
How many unemployed coal miners are overdozing every month.  Thanks Joe.
So when you finish destroying the state that voted for you where are you going?
You mean you have to walk the line between crazy fellow Dems and your constituents back home? Got it. We're payin attn.
very shrewdly navigaing towards 2018.
Yes, feeling the heat over Pruitt, Sessions, SPR, and of course Mylan:
Understandable.
U FINALLY growing a pair?
u mean former failed governor. Or , 2nd worst governor in #wvpol history behind your step child earl due Ray
You're really trying to highlight your very few votes against Trump's nominees, aren't you?
Because you have shown some inclination to vote honestly, and not on party lines, your statement means more than anyone else
Thank you!
I am shocked. Where did you find your balls?  Too late after your other votes. #DoYourJob
Yes. The Sessions vote. Also sat grinning like a ghoul over SPR rollback. Then there's Mylan
surprised you voted no. You voted seven times YES. Why Stop now
#2018
Your are needed in the Senate. Please consider an arrangement whereby you WILL BE RE-ELECTED, and help Pres Trump at times.
This was a good vote. But don't forget he also voted to roll back stream protections+
It wont change what Ross did in WV/my hometown-retirements gutted, lives lost, but you did the right thing.
libatard
Thank you for this principled vote to protect WV'ians.
Well said.
Excellent response and glad you voted against him. Bad pick by Trump.
He's still getting primaried!
Yup. He voted down SPR, voted for Sessions, then there's Mylan https://goo.gl/8j3dgg  Keep up the pressure
thank you
Great re Ross. Notice Sessions DOJ and flip on TX Voter ID case? These guys LIE to be confirmed and then destroy democracy.
You know he voted for Sessions, right?
I am GOP anc agree with you on this one. Thank you for standing up honestly and consecutively
What was ethical tipping point on this one? Not a big enough payoff for you? Fact check : You are a SELLOUT..Period
didn't realize you knew where the "no" Lever was.
Thank you Senator Manchin!
You know he voted for Sessions, Mnuchin, Pruitt, Pompeo, and Tillerson, right?
.@Sen_JoeManchin retire
what's wrong w @Sen_JoeManchin's statement?
