- so why the Yes vote on Mnuchin? U let the people down!  Beware #2018primary!!
TREAT GORSUCH AS GARLAND WAS TREATED. STAND UP! REPRESENT YOUR CONSTITUENTS YOU COWARD. 
And what the fuck did the republicans do to Merick Garland? All they did was obstruct. They never worked! THATS sickening!
hey dipshit they invoked the Biden rule so go cry in your beer

Vote out Manchin in 2018! http://apne.ws/2k7nYbE  No DINOs. No appeasers. No Manchin.
fair is no one takes the seat but Obama's Garland
Girl bye!
oxymoron. Can't represent all if u believe & support fox/faux news! Sealing your careers. KarmaComin4ya
#VoteYouOut!!! I will donate to any Democrat running against you
just like the Republican party did for Garland?
Joe is a Republican, Fox news, REALLY??? Misinformed Senator will not be re-elected in 2018.
the DEM base is asking you to grow a pair! Grow them! Stop being an #altdem 2018 is coming soon!
yeah!!  how STUPID of the senator to vote for Gorsuch based on merit and not party!!! This is exactly the problem
You mean a fair hearing like Garland got?  NOT!
pointless tweet. republicans invoked Biden Rule supported schumer/reid. garland lacked votes
You want to hitch your wagon to a treasonous lunatic? Good luck
Please lead the party to end chaos&obstruction to stop mass DEM exodus. Most DEMS are not @elizabethforma nutcases and loons
Now you know that Neil Gorsuch lied on his resume do you still trust him as a Supreme Court Justice
Shame on you for being on propaganda network. boycott "alternative facts" network! No Democrat watches
You are you so different from your fellow Dems. Hope eventually they become adults like you. Bless you.
so wrong- where was the fair process for Garland? stolen
Joe its refreshing to hear a Democrat show bipartisanship and a willingness to work with other's.
Interesting colleagues
As a values voter I thank you!
doesn't surprise me you like Fox Founder of Fake News
Merrick Garland is the nominee that should have had a hearing and a vote. Oppose Trumps nominee.
Thank you for voicing a common sense narrative to your party. We just all need to get along like adults
I You support the Trump agenda you do not support getting my vote
and the Democratic party collapses.  Trump is the best thing that's happened to USA in many, many years.
You run to @FoxNews more than most GOP. Just change your party already so you can take the mask off. We know. @BillHemmer
we would welcome him. it is a farce2 have him aligning w/ crying schumer when joe a man!
how about a commitment to holding the republicans accountable for stealing nom. of Merrick Garland?
Proved my point DINO, Fox news...Really?
Any idea where that 19% is?
.@Sen_JoeManchin why you voted yes on all the nominations? Are you certain that we have the best people for the job? Let us know
Thank you Senator. Country before party.
Also, please fix ur bio. You don't serve the people of WV. You serve the energy industry. They pay you to do their bidding.
the energy industry is crucial in WVA duh.
If you're hoping to get 60 votes, you're not considering Gorsuch, you've already approved him.Why not wait till his hearing?
Byrd is rolling in his grave - lost my vote
Meet the Democrats who supported Gorsuch in 2006! Biden, Schumer, Obama, Durbin, Feinstein & others!
https://moezmusings.wordpress.com/2016/09/18/the-pusher-man/ … the ohio valley is in crisis what will you do
"Fair" like the way your party treated Garland? That what you mean by "fair"?
Senator, U can either stand for right, or the GOP will run over you. They won't remember U helped them
Looks like you are playing politics when you won't say you are going to vote for him.
If you think Mr Go such is good then why don't you say you are going to vote for him.
the democrats need to be fair. Not petty. Besides you all thought he was good enough in 2006.
Have to check daily to see your position.  Won't forget you endorsed Hillary
oh my mistake I thought were you a democrat, Fox News and Exxon Mobile????
Merrick Garland should be  the nominee voted on before any one else.  Follow the GOP lesson say NO
just come out as a Republican.  You have deserted the WV democrats.
PLUS basic prob @realDonaldTrump is illegitimate unfit #POTUS &unqualified 2pic #SCOTUS Justice #Resist
@GOP changed the rules Now have 2live by em @TheDemocrats shld BLOCK #SCOTUS Nom Turn abouts fair play
-you voted 'yea' on Tillerson-you are a traitor & should be primaried. #shame
I'll be donating to his primary challenger. No DINOs. No appeasers. No Manchin.
Also show majority of Americans n the millions u STAND 4 them & We the Ppl want #SCOTUS Nom blocked
Stand up for what you know is right instead of kowtowing.
Wanna tell us why you voted against lower prices meds? Manchin's daughter is CEO of an Epi Pen company.
Joe machin voted for tillerson and plans to vote for gorsuch
What are you doing to deal with the President's ethics violations?
Senator, you are a coward and a shame to our party. Why don't you just go ahead and change that D to R
Senator Joe you've always been a fair&compassionate man. I'd rather see you switch parties. Good luck
Should have encouraged McConnell to do the same last year
Please-just stand hold for 300 days, like the GOP did, then start the hearings #SCOTUS Ps #ImpeachTrump
is that kind of like when the former POTUS submitted his selection or no?
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-fcalled-Fascism-Forever.html?ito=social-twitter_dailymailus ….
please convert to Republican!!!
Give him a hearing. Then vote NO. This is a stolen seat. http://www.ibtimes.com/what-fascism-forever-club-neil-gorsuch-trump-scotus-pick-started-group-high-school-2485282 …
You mean the fairness with with Garland Merrick was treated?
what's the big deal, this crap is nothing new. Y'all forget what they did to Thomas?
This guy has to get voted out.
Fox News??? You are already a Trump flunky.
-FOX FAKE NEWS!
I hope you wasn't like the rest of the Democrats and decide to take a day off.
You are going out in the next election.
you're a traitor 
Can we ask about his club in college?
they stole that nomination from us. Don't be a Trump flunky
Hope u continue to be the sane adult in the Dem thuggery regime. Pelosi & Shumer r dancing after UCBerkley. Sick
And of course Joe Manchin is on Fox.  Why is he a Democrat?? Running for reelection in 2018.  Oppose.
He is a Traitor. Get Rid of Him #MerrickGarland
I see you've now taken to attacking your own party. Works for me.
Block this nominee. We voted for you to stand up for Dems if you vote for him you will lose my vote
