Thank you so much, Senator Manchin! She's not qualified to lead our grandchildrens' educati
YES-Betsy DeVos. WV needs new thinking to improve our education. Can learn programs, her philosophy works.
legalize Marijuana! Our problems solved. I do not want Hydrocodones!!!will not take hydro.
this is funny as you have voted in support of all @POTUS picks. Hypocrite #spineless
Joe Manchin he's saying bad choice omg he was a bad choice for WV from the beginning.
.@Sen_JoeManchin @SocialCivility @gazette_opinion @wvgazettemail Thank you for listening and doing the right thing.
I did and I agree. Now talk some sense into @SenCapito.
"Like most West Virginians, I believe in local control of education."

Then vote YES #DeVos
We are retired educators. We (as well as our friends VOTE) Deny DeVos
I think Joe' been in office for far to long and he needs a reality check he needs to go now.
Senator Manchin, I admire your honesty and character. DeVos is incompetent!

Thank u Senator 4 those understanding significance- Education.  Please gain additional Republican support.
Thank you.
But not too high for that Sessions vote? Seriously Senator, what gives? So much for my #nopolitics day
not a liberal/conservative issue, common sense. She'll gut education for private sources.
Anytime you have this much opinion someone has promised you personal favor for your vote!
WV schools are dumbing kids down with common core you need 2 be voted out by West Virginians
We have a lousy education system and you vote to continue. How do we rate?
Stay Strong for West Virginia schools!!
Devos is the future.  If you aren't part of the solution you are part of the problem. Problem will be fixed in 2018.
Especially this guy. http://www.latimes.com/opinion/editorials/la-ed-trump-pruitt-epa-senate-20170204-story.html …
Good 4 u. Vote no on all of them none of them are appropriate fits.
Thank you sir. Please fight for WV. Oppose Pruitt
Thank you. Please Vote NO. WV trusts you on this.
we need a change to our education system, but not Betsy DeVos!
Vote yes DoVos!!!
please tell @SenCapito to make the same decision as you did. Our children deserve better #VoteNoDevos
bravo Senator. High quality public ed for ALL students!
Love that about you Joe. Just wish you would get on the side of safe drinking water.
I've read it Senator you are wrong, we need a new approach, listen to new ideas.
and yet you voted for tillerson the oil billionaire
that's it Joe side with liberals . You won't get my vote when election comes around
We are going in the wrong direction.   Vote for her for education.  Change you decision.
You need to change your mind.  We need a change in education.
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Sen.Manchin appreciate your honesty on DeVos.Kids deserves better.
Bad Move!  I used to be able to understand that. This from an 'Public Education' family man.
SO proud of you Senator for standing up for Education and our children
Joe: I looked up WV educa rankings on multi sites. ANYWHERE FROM LAST TO 36th. HELLO
You are getting this one wrong Joe. You need to check WV's ranking.
please talk to Shelly Moore Capito to vote no too!
I BET EVERY POLITICIAN  IN WV SENDS THEIR KIDS TO PRIVATE SCHOOLS...HYPOCRITES!!
thank you for voting No on DeVos
You and yoyr fellow democrats are wrong Mr. Manchin about all of the Presidents nominations!
I disagree with you, but you are still on my list of Dems who aren't political hacks.
Could not disagree with you more. A vote against #DeVos is a vote for WV to stay last place
The stakes are too high to support most of the Republican Agenda. They will poison people
Thank you!  Devos is putting in big $ to try to get you to change your mind. Stay strong!
I disagree w/you sometimes (OK, often), but you're right on the DeVos nom. Schools should not be business opportunities.
Fortunately I educated my kids, so they are moral and smarter than you, Manchin.
Remember WVA how he voted when 2018 is here
You will pollute our state, make us ill, and then we pay for high priced meds...what future?
Agree with you Senator, thanks for putting WV children first, onthis vote.
What about your fellow Sen Capito? Does she care for WV children, or just DeVos campaign $$?
Thank you for protecting the interests of WV's most vulnerable citizens.
I may not always agree with you but I do value your opinion you have always been fair
In order for you to do what's right for WV,you need to approve ALL of @POTUS cabinet.
16%of students r special needs?You make WV sound like the short bus of the US. We need change,not more of the same.
ur support of status quo is not in the best interests of your constiutency.
Republicans want to make education one more thing they can make money off of in our country.
Thank you for not supporting DeVos. Free and equal access to education is a bedrock of our country.
Focus please on other part of your job - selling epipens
So convince Capito to vote against her
Shame on you- Vote for Devos or 2018  you loose my vote
Wet back to college at 50. Found that most high school grads require remedial math and English to start
Dems have no plan to fix public schools for the poor. Devos worked with Detroit schools.  Giver her a try!
Thanks Joe!  We need change but not the change she brings!!!
CHANGE WV Program.  Anything.  Can't be more screwed up than it is
Thank you for your integrity and caring about our children
Thank you
Yeah Joe.Protect our 45th education ranking - when are we going to  50th?  WV needs CHANGE,
Joe why not give her what she wants but demand increase funding from the federal government
what u have been doing 4the last 50yrs has worked so well.oh,wait..it hasn't! Give her a try
Used my independent standards for judging nominees & appointments and find this one is not good for WV.
@SenCapito Important that you vote to NOT confirm Devos. Country over Party. Do the right thing for WV.
Thank you for recognizing this!
our children come 1st we r making a list of supporters 4 her & we will take republicans OUT!
Good choice.
Thank you for this report Senator.  I hope this affects your opinion @SenCapito. WV public students deserve more!
you did an amazing job setting up the programs  in WV for children and adults with differing abilities. Mom of autistic 27yo
Thank you, Senator! We also need your attention on this:
Yes, I've been saying this all along. No way in Hell would he divest any of his businesses. He loves money.@ProtectTheUnion @Sen_JoeManchin
$90K Cost per US student is too high for Failure Last in Science Next to Last in Math! Pathetic!
$90K Cost per US student is too high for Failure Last in Science Next to Last in Math! Pathetic!
so status quo is optimal.  No change needed.  Delusional
$90K Cost per US student is too high for Failure Last in Science Next to Last in Math! Pathetic!
I don't care if demos is in or out, just get rid of common core, it's dumbing kids down!
Thank you @Sen_JoeManchin @gazette_opinion for not supporting #DeVos. If only @SenCapito would also understand this isn't good for schools.
good job Senator!
Stakes are also too high to support Pruitt.  You should put health and long term interests of constituents over coal cos $.
there is no long term in WV without coal.
Betsy DeVos would be bad for students in any state.
@SenatorTimScott,@Sen_JoeManchin has demonstrated support of trump agenda where it makes sense.  But he demonstrates reasonable concern here
Read my @gazette_opinion op-ed on why the stakes are too high for #WV schools for me to support Betsy #DeVos: http://bit.ly/2ka9kAg 
I disagree entirely with your assessment.
