@ProudTexanGal Devos is an excellent choice and will help fix our ed system.  Liberals coming out with false narrative again.
fucking Christ I hope you're joking...
Time will tell.  It's time to educate our children and stop wasting precious tax dollars.  We all want the best.  The future is bright.
she wants to put tax dollars toward private school benefits, how is this good to children?
Sorry you did lose me there.  I am privy to all the facts of everything, so many can just make up opinions and tweet. I see the good.
@ProudTexanGal we need to look at revamping our education system out of the hands of all liberal faculty and dept heads, etc
How did America let all higher education turn into liberal indoctrination camps. This is scary as hell.
.@SenAlexander No. She is an advocate for #charterschools & vouchers. She doesn't give a crap about public schools. Privatize & profit.
We know exactly what kind of influence she will have from experience. Detroit ed your goal?
Detroit is run by liberals.  Do a fact check please.
I was referring to education specifically. Literacy please. Bipartisan pillaging nationwide.
The only thing DeVos wants to do is end #publiceducation.  Wake up Senator!
Based on what empirical evidence?
all children?!? You mean upper class private school children?!
Do you understand that private schools can refuse entry of students? You can skew statistics if you refuse entry to poor
she is not for all children. Just very wealthy children

I listened to the entire hearing. You claimed to be fair. You were anything but. No 2nd round. No fair examination. Farce.
Her focus is educating kids increasing local control,  not catering to unions, common core, or DC regs. Yes!
. Throwing $ is excuse to look for real answers. Teacher pay never equates to excellence look @ Oregon
I am ashamed to be from the state you represent.  This woman is a disaster for education.  But I don't think you care.
please understand privitization of public schools will not work. Failed experiment. Segregation tool. Do not confirm Devos.
you must need to retire; there's no way you honestly believe @BetsyDeVos is qualified and capable to serve the Dept of Ed.

people writing Common Core Stanards are even less qualified- no educational experience.
I think standards are harmful to child education.
2 performing students. The voucher system will take money away from public schools leaving them more disadvantaged.
not an excellent choice....She doesn't seem qualified...But I guess no child Left behind we will just give her the position..
still believe she's an "excellent" choice? I severely question your ability to gauge ability and credibility. @BetsyDeVos
HOW MUCH OF #DeVOS MONEY DID YOU TAKE ?
you still feeling the same way about this statement?
you must really rely on her family's donations. She couldn't have sounded any dumber and clueless during the hearings.
My Sentiments exactly!  I remember your great work in education when you were gov in Tennessee

Swamp Dweller Payoff. Yes, we understand.
https://www.facebook.com/JusticeWriters/photos/a.744985628984229.1073741828.729272437222215/765294993619959/?type=3&theater …
what you and the GOP are doing is disgraceful.  Will you dismantle our public schools in the name of $$? #DumpDevos
She is a disaster for public education!!! she had no concept of what IDEA is, leaving disabled children without FAPE #noDevos

Remember: there are over 4 million public school teachers in USA. We vote& will never vote 4 U again.
For a measly $200,000 you submitted to the eventual destruction of public education @SenAlexander
How much money did it take to buy your blind obedience to the destruction of public education?
the confirmation hearing certainly confirmed how out of touch she is with public education and the needs of our communities.
DeVos is an executive, knows how to run a business-more qualified than politician.Get job done by working WITH educators
How much did Republicans get in donations this past year from her? 2.7 million if you forgot. MI didn't want her, nor does DC.
GUNS 4 BEARS ELECTROCUTE GAYS BUY THE JOB  R SCHOOLS TURNED INTO CHURCHES WE DO NOT WANT HER!!!
"will move swiftly" by limiting time and denying a second round of questions. Disgusting abuse of power!
barf.
This country was founded on respecting individual religious belief. Please stop forcing your religion on our children at school.
Constitution says, "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion..." @SenAlexander #dumpdevos
She says, "Our desire is to confront the culture in ways that will continue to advance God's Kingdom." @SenAlexander
She is unqualified. She has never attended or worked in public schools nor sent her children to public.
Hey Senator, when r the Golden Shower tapes coming out??.Fuck ALL these nominations. REALLY!
your recommendation of DeVos is ludicrous. No champion of the public school. Elitism pure and simple. Biased out of touch
the people you represent do not want @BetsyDeVos  Career politicians (i.e YOU) need term limits. #OutOfTouch #drainingtheswamp
1. Universal school choice K-12.

2. Get fed govt OUT of higher ed finance, student aid. Block grant to states.

@SenAlexander @LauraR77
Don't worry, once the tapes come out, we'll have a free for all, RIGHT SCOOTERS?
1/ @SenAlexander @realDonaldTrump As one country competing in a global economy,   individual states should NOT oversee education.
2/ @SenAlexander @realDonaldTrump Need unified set of standards that make sense, like Massachusetts standards that were previously declined
3/ @SenAlexander @realDonaldTrump The quality of education U.S. child receives shouldn't be defined by zip code or parents' income.
.@SenAlexander 8. If you or Ms. DeVos have any solid proposals to improve our educational system, I would love to see them! Happy Holidays!
.@SenAlexander 9. Bipartisanship always! That is the true spirit of our massive and extraordinary nation.
.@SenAlexander 7. In conclusion, the points I addressed were raised in a good faith attempt to engage in dialogue & reach across the aisle.
6. Please offer your strategic plan on improving financial aid, managing student loan debt and supporting teachers and admins.
5. Please offer your opinion and insights regarding the role and functionality of the Department of Education & the Sec of Ed.
.@SenAlexander 4 (continued). Please document clearly your opinions regarding educational standards/policy on the federal and state levels.
4. Educational standards are typically for the states to decide.. TBC in my next post.
3. Please refer to the standing law that replaced "No Child Left Behind" as ESSA - Every Student Succeeds Act (12.10.15).
2. When making statements about nominated Cabinet members' hearings, vetting etc, please be transparent regarding the process.
A few thoughts from the educator in me and my family of educators. My additions to the insightful comments below..
1. It is presumptuous to assume/declare that the Senate's Ed Committee will move swiftly on DeVos' hearing.
You goober. You now have a hand in setting public education back 50 yrs. She, & obviously you, don't understand public eductn.
Lamar no longer cares about real values. He's just a partisan hack.
So disappointing to see U happily accepting Betsy Devoss as Sec of Ed.  How, exactly do you think she will help US education?
Wow! So much for the Friend of Public Education Award. Let's focus on someone who wants to help our struggling schools!
WORST. CHOICE. EVER. NO public educational background, NO education degree, NO experience in public schools. Do not confirm!
For real? "An excellent choice?" Sir, I don't know what you're smoking, but I want some of it. DeVos is a recipe 4 disaster!
.@SenAlexander Honestly Senator? Is the Detroit disaster what you want?
.@carolburris @SenAlexander @BetsyDeVos imposing vouchers & unregulated charters strips  authority & local control fr/elected Schl bds
Amway been proven its not a illegal pyramid Stop bashing a legal Co
she'll go a great job especially if she works towards shutting down the Dept and sending control back to the states
Seems others feel DeVos is the "most ideological, anti-public education nominee" since the start of the Ed Dept.
Right ON!!
Here's hoping that Ms. DeVos, as 1st order of business, will fully fund PL 94-142!
She is Not An Educator never Was.Sent Her Kids To Private Christian Schools.Why Not A True Educator..Michelle Rhee?

not having the ED degree makes her much more qualified then !! she not been trained to be a communist !!
is she a bigot ,like the rest of the ones Trump has chosen?
the "bigot" is killary and her team !!perhaps you also !!
looks like you might want to look in a mirror, rather than call me a bigot. I was raised in the south.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Social emotional learning/data collection is outside scope of public schools.Is UNETHICAL.Data collection w/out consent is too
It's wrong everywhere. MACRA  allows Fed gov to use electronic medical rec. to share data w/o patient consent. 4th Am?
we are not happy w/ESSA &refuse to allow our kids' data to be collected. Social emotional learning&workforce planning must go!
#StopDeVos
So, student loan debt is sky high, and you're proposing a bill to make it easier to hand out MORE money. Extremely stupid.
Wouldn't grants/*free* college be handouts? Student loans aren't. Red tape makes borrowing more expensive #WTD16
We're talking about making it easier to get high interest rate loans, not "free" college. Try to keep up.
Ridiculous. She has tried to destroy public education in Michigan for years and will do the same in DC.
and her family goes after pensions
the new law (ESSA), your new law @SenAlexander, that expanded NCLB is the problem. i sincerely hope @BetsyDeVos does NOT help implement it.
Anti-CommonCore parents urged DJT to abandon DeVos citing her support for edu.reform policies of pro-CCJeb Bush.
Also: She heavily supports transferring public money to private charter schools and her brother founded Blackwater.
"Blackwater" she must be the real thing then !!
Delete #commoncore & social justice indoctrination. Bring back real education w/ emphasis on reading, math, science & history!
Shop & Home Ec wouldn't hurt.
I know, right?
