you have a chance to represent the children of TN, please do so by standing up to Trump's unqualified nominees
Respectfully this couldn't be farther from the truth. As a Republican(not that it should matter) I'm horrified you support her
that woman is the most unqualified person I can imagine for the job. Pick anyone off the street and you would do better.
Please don't allow DeVoss to be the Education Secretary. To refuse a second hearing could cost republicans and you your job.
She is on the side of for profit charter schools. You are selling out our childrens futures for profit and politics.
As an educator, I will continue fighting for our students and teachers in public schools. No on Devos!
Don't think this stance is how you want history to remember you. Blink, and you will tip the scales far from a + legacy.
very disappointed in your choice.
do the right thing by the children of america and vote againest Betsy Devos represent the PEOPLE who voted for you  party
SHE IS NOT FOR ALL CHILDREN. She only cares about the rich and children without disabilities. You are a big disappointment.
Shame on all if you who cast a vote for her! She is unqualified and has no conern for our special education children!
...You have GOT to be kidding. @ least ur not fooling anyone. We all have her #. Seriously.
You apparently believe in #alternative facts. We have done our research and she is unqualified. Shame on you.
Unless your child happens to have a disability. Hey @BetsyDeVos what is IDEA? #WhatDoIKnowJustATeacher
As a citizen and lover of #knoxville I DO NOT support this entirely partisan, foolish, and disturbing move. Do better, senator
how much money have you received from her family?  Really how much?  How much does it cost to buy this position?
When does the committee vote on DeVos?We need someone that will support public education which is for ALL the kids. #DumpDeVos
#alternativefacts #voteNO on @BetsyDeVos
she is not an educator! Having been a school leader for 40+ yrs, I can spot an imposter. Please look for someone else!!
Betsy DeVos is unquestionably unqualified to oversee the education of students in the United States.
as long time public school educator and principal I ask that you please DO NOT confirm B. DeVos. She is not qualified.
maybe you should start putting love of country ahead of your love of power. She is beyond unqualified for the position
I would hope that you would listen to your constituents. Educators in your state are horrified that this could happen #tnvoter
How did you (or a staffer) type this with a straight face @SenAlexander ?  She does not know what IDEA stands for or proficiency vs growth.
as my senator for 15 years follow your plaid book - do right thing do not fail 85% of our children to Devos I beg you
Please oppose Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified, and her ideas are demonstrably toxic to our public school systems.
Shame!. No proper vetting. Cut off discussion. Painfully obvious she is unqualified #partybeforecountry again #midterms2018
he's not up until 2020. But Bob Corker is up in 2018 and apparently considering running for governor.
vote DeVos in.Many pub ed  parents from Tennessee will be upset.Sham on U! 80% of ed in Tenn is public ed
these people don't care if it doesn't effect their kid.
it's so disgusting. School choice is code word for segregation
I know. And so do they. But they would never admit it since it also means admitting an ugly truth about themselves.
well we just keep fighting for our children. So upsetting .
I only have nieces and nephews. But bet I wll fight for all children, even of our Senators won't.
WRONG!
how is she on the side of my students. If you can tell me this then I may change my minds. How is she helping MY students?
Whose children does Mrs Devos support? Those of the well off? Will children in Maryville have better schools because of her?
DeVos not qualified for this position!  Please rethink this. Fearful for the future of our children.
@BetsyDeVos belongs nowhere near public education. If you support her confirmation, you are unfit for public office.
As an educator and parent of special needs children, I implore you to not confirm DeVos. Our children deserve better.
Any Senator that votes to confirm the incompetent Betsy DeVos is a traitor to all American students, parents and teachers.
I am disappointed in your unwillingness to listen to your constituents. Devos is not what education needs.
What children?  Rich people's children?  What about the rest of us?   Please do NOT divert tax dollars to private schools.
please educate yourself. This is simply not true
She cannot reform what she so obviously does not understand. Eyes on you when she fails our kids. #DeVosHearing #DeVos
In order for that statement to be true, you would have to have a razor thin definition of "our children".
only if you want public education to be for profit and st risk students to be shoved to the side. #DumpDevos
unqualified at best ignorant at worst
Toe that party line.
Probably the least qualified cabinet nominee in history-  who cares nothing about children, just wants to run her little scam on them
Sir, you are beyond deluded if you believe THAT!!
Wow - sad that you are supporting her. I expected more. When we hire someone, shouldn't they have relevant experience!
Are you insane? My Labrador has better credentials, except he didn't donate millions to the Republican Party.
.@SenAlexander You line your pockets through Beacon Education! You care nothing about children unless they're in the 2%. Disgraceful!
https://www.facebook.com/AFTunion/videos/10154534444179160/ …
she is awful and you are railroading this through. Why?
I believe in public education.  It is clear that Betsly DeVos intends to destroy public education.  Unacceptable.
#VoteNoDevos. She is NOT qualified. Our children deserve better!
we are NOT fortunate. She bought out that position and is far from qualified.
shame on you about DeVos. Clearly you are putting Party above Country and our children. DeVos gets an F on her hearing
I am one of your constituents and I vote. Your support of Mrs. DeVos is shameful, misguided, and just plain wrong. VOTE NO.
Betsy DeVosis the worst possible person for Sect of ED is a , she is a clear and present danger to the education of our youth.
DeVos was very unprepared. We need more questions from  HELP committee on IDEA! It looks like you're just slamming her through
NO.  listen to your constituents.  Do not confirm DeVos.
no. not at all. SHE IS NOT RIGHT FOR OUR CHILDREN. she knows nothing about public education. PLEASE, listen to the people.
How are we fortunate? Where is your evidence? Stop this up is down, black is white, Orwellian fraud.
you could not be more wrong. She is unqualified at best and harmful to the future of all children at worst. Shame on you.
Is your appalling handling of Mrs DeVos's hearing the reason why your DC number is not accepting calls and your local offices go to vmail?
how can you, a respected voice in Ed issues support the incompetent DeVos? VOTE NO FOR THE SPED KIDS IN OUR COUNTRY
please listen to the voices that you represent. I'm a #CHAmom and she will do nothing but destroy our children.
she not qualified in any way for this position
I have been trying to call your office to ask you to vote against Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified and unprepared. Please reconsider.
No. Her appointment is insulting and a slap in the face to the separation of church and state and democratic education.
Please, you are embarrassing Tennesseans. We know you are smarter than this. Why are supporting this ignorant woman? Money??
As a TN voter - No. Just. NO. #DeVosHearing
As a mother and an educator, I can tell you you are flat wrong. She is completely unqualified and unfit. DO NOT CONFIRM DEVOS.
Why do you want to put someone In a job whose only qualification is she has money and can donate to political campaigns?
Are you kidding me? After that atrocity of a hearing, you still believe she is what is best for OUR children!?
Betsy DeVos is unquestionably unqualified for Secretary of Education.  This is government ineptitude at its worst.
She is not on the side of special needs kids. As a TN res & military family, being left to the states is a disaster. #NODEVOS
I beg to differ. My educator friends beg to differ.
not your friend but as an educator I am appalled at this choice
Based on balance of feedback on fb, twitter, and how your phones have been so busy, I'm guessing you got message fr TN peeps?
Please reconsider confirming decks for sec if educ. This is NOT a partisan issue, this is an issue for our children & she has failed in Mich
US needs an Ed.Sec. with knowledge of ed. law, who has spent time in pub. schools.  Priv. schools can take care of themselves.
As a Secretary of Education and the son of public educators yourself, I am stunned by your endorsement of this buffoon!!!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO TO Betsy DeVos. Nooooooooooooo
Vote no!
I'm on children's side too & I'm not qualified either-Caring for kids can't be the only factor for a job this important!
you couldn't be more wrong. Worst choice, unqualified. I expect better. #notbetsydevos
HAAHHAHAA!!!...wait you were serious? Have you been paying attention to anything you party-line carrying spineless worm?
She is incompetent!  Just watch her confirmation hearings.  I guess her money is more important to you than your constituents.
please listen to your constituents. TN educators, parents, leaders are in fierce disagreement with you. Represent your state.
She's an idiot and exactly the wrong person for the job.
No, we are not. Get off your party line and make a decision that is in every child's best interest. This is not it. #NoToDeVos
Betsy DeVos doesn't have a clue and if you vote for her appointment either do you. Voters will remember in two years.
Are you kidding me! She is the most unqualified person to ever be nominated for the position. Vote no on her appointment.
this Detroit teenager says otherwise!
not according to this Detroit teenager!
DeVos is UNFIT. You sir will be held accountable for poor leadership. The state of TN is ashamed and will vote accordingly.
Lamar. Love ya but Betsy DeVos is so hugely unqualified & clueless about the science and management of education it is amazing
for a committee chair so intent on precedent, why was there a hearing without an ethics committee letter or final FBI check?
please do not approve #BetsyDeVos.  I want my tax dollars to stay in PUBLIC schools.
MI referred to as "a laughingstock in national education circles". Is that the example you want as a model for US? #noDevos
I Could not agree more. Our Nation needs more Senators like you. Thanks for making Education Great again. Devos will #MEdGA!
i am a trump voter and supporter. Watched the hearing. Love the other nominees. This woman is a nice lady but not qualified
you are better than this sir. She is by far the most unqualified you've ever been associated with. History will tie you to her
"Ironically, ur nominee #BetsyDeVos is the one who needs more schooling," said the #grizzlies.
spineless
No
I can't believe you represent anyone but old fashioned men,hiding money under mattresses & have no clue as to public education
Come to Michigan and ask the whole state. She is unqualified, doesn't know public education, never attended, kids never went.
We are unfortunate Devos is nominee Secretary of Education. She is hostile takeover incarnate Put people before partisanship
Why were you so afraid of more questions? Couldn't your candidate handle the pressure?
I know I'm relieved someone is finally bold enough to face the real danger of grizzlies attacking our children in classrooms.
what a joke to claim Betsy DeVos is on our students' side. #shame #worstconfirmationever #wyominggrizzlies #Unqualified
She bought her Cabinet post by giving money to Republicans. She has no education credentials to fill this position.
DeVos believes charter and private schools can take federal money but don't have to make accommodations for disabled students.
Thank God she enlightened me about grizzlies entering schools. I had no idea.
Apparently she ALSO believes schools don't have DOORS. Seriously though... she's the bottom of the barrel.
. @SenAlexander #BetsyDeVos has been on her own side and the side of her family, we need someone who is actually qualified to do this job.
Charter in her state are some of the worst performing.  she won't support Fed. rights of disabled students.  Vote NO.
Wrong
Absolutely no. @realDonaldTrump is well-connected, he can put forth someone qualified. We can't afford to mess this up!
Profiles in Tremendousness - Secretary of Education Nominee Betsy DeVos
You have sold out the people for big business which makes you unqualified to serve as TN Senator and that fact is not lost on us.
Ms. DeVos does not meet the criteria to serve as Secretary of Education and that fact is not lost on you.
perhaps if you listened to your constituents you would see that they do not agree with you AT ALL. Don't you represent us?!?
Shameful - I have never seen anyone so unprepared and you allowed the hearings to be a joke. Our children deserve better.
I would be more convinced if she knew special needs kids have rights.  Her nomination is insulting.
Thought you could hide DeVos incompetence by limiting questions. Took only a few before all of America saw her incompetence.
no, she is not.  You will be getting correspondence from me.  This is embarrassing.
she is not qualified for this position.  She lacks experience and compassion. Our Children deserve better.
, you are kidding, right? If you confirm her, it confirms you've been bought and care more about $ than TN school kids.
Sir I have always respected you. But now I strongly disagree w/you. DeVos is dangerously unqualified. Our kids DESERVE better!
I Think You Would Agree She Should Not Even Get Close To a School Bus Thank You @alfranken
a reasonable person can clearly see this is not true. So you are either lying, don't care or stand to personally gain.Shameful
I strongly disagree. She hasn't the slightest qualification. She will line the pockets of private schools and limit our youth!
She doesn't even know the difference between "growth" and "proficiency." #Unqualified
she is utterly unqualified. Can't even speak to basic education policy. Look what she did in MI! Our children deserve better
you, sir, are a hyper-partisan moneygrubber. Once upon a time, I thought you were better than that. #DOEpanelisajoke
#dumpdevos she is unfit for this role
Thanks for putting your party first over your country with Betsy. What a shameful act by you and Trump
She does not have the interest of all children in mind. She was ignorant about IDEA, which is Federal law!
Her only qualification is the $200M she donated to the GOP. Way to drain the swamp!
your choice. Shame on you!!!
fraud and has no business having this role and students welfare in her hands. America first or party first. You clearly made
the fraud she really is. Thank goodness, it only took 5min total to do just that. Epic fail and embarrassment to our country
how dare you limit the questioning of @BetsyDeVos. Y? Because you know she's unqualified and you didn't want he exposed as
are you on drugs? Were you even listening?
Fair does not equal same. Your rationale for 5 m of Qs was faulty. Your behavior toward the Dem Sen bordered on misconduct.
How has she leveraged your support? I KNOW you don't believe those words...
she will be disastrous for our educational system! Not qualified and ill informed. Get an educator not a donor
Very concerned about your choice. You've branded yourself as Education expert & you support someone who doesn't know how gov't works. Sad.
not for my children...must have given you money too...clueless about education
think about all the kids you met when you walked across TN, we still remember you, have you forgot
you know she bought the job. Shame on you
she is NOT on the side of children with disabilities. She is going to bring great harm to our most vulnerable.
DeVos is a disaster to ed. Do you know anything about her. Did you listen at her hearing? 
as a resident of Knoxville, I'm disappointed in your support of someone who doesn't understand public education.
you are a disgrace.
DeVos Is an enemy of publc education & despises professional educators. She has no conception of the human mind & unfit 2 serv
Nope, not fortunate for either of you. For the parents, students, and teachers of Blount County, TN. HAVE YOU NO SHAME?
#Wrong #FactCheck
I can't believe you actually believe this. She had little, to no idea, what she was talking about yesterday
Are you for real? DeVos has no clue about education. You did the job, it should be painfully obvious she is inept.
I will work tirelessly to see you out of office for this. I used to admire you. As a child I looked up to you. No more.
Very sad for an educator to limit q's to DeVos, and TO insider trader Price. Lost your moral compass? Just a political hack
Sir with all due respect, this women unfit to serve as Sec of Ed. It is also shameful that you HAVE to stand behind her!
With respect, today's hearings were abysmal. Evasive & uninformed responses.  Please sir, have courage & vote #NoDevos
Betsy DeVoss is completely unqualified to be Secretary of Education. Do you really not care about your constituents? Vote no
she absolutely is not. She doesn't even know federal policy. She thinks guns should be in schools. To keep bears away. Vote no
quit being a bully and pushing this through. American children deserve due process!  DeVos does not represent our children
as a constituent I'm extremely disappointed to read this. She's grossly unqualified which is obvious to most.
Why don't American people get to learn her views, experience, through the hearing?  Why cut it so short?  She is new to this.
please!  Someone who says public education is a dead end is NOT who I want defining my children's education.
#delusional #puppet #sellout
It is quite obvious that this position went to the highest bidder via political contributions.  Sad!
Demonstrate your respect for public ed and teachers and students. Vote no for DeVos.
Please listen to what DeVos said. She has no understanding of public education. Vote NO to DeVos.
Charter schools do not accept ALL students. They are not unionized. Protect public ed and support teachers. Vote no to DeVos.
Privatizing schools does NOT improve student outcomes. It fills wallets. Vote NO to DeVos.
DeVos is not qualified. Do not place millions of learners at risk. Her BS re tech as way to improve schools is to make $$.
Show you value education and not profiteering. Vote NO to DeVos.
I am an educational researcher who has spent decades studying public education. Please vote no to DeVos.
The SOE must be qualified. DeVos is not. Do not ruin the lives of students so that DeVos can make more $$. Vote No to DeVos.
Good for her friends who are looking for gov't contracts?  I really can't see what or who she is good for. #hypocrite #liar
Do not use our children and learners as a cash cow. Vote no to Betsy DeVos.
Please vote no for DeVos. She knows nothing about education other than how to make money by privatizing schools. Vote No.
Vote no for Betsy DeVos. Check my education credentials. I am far more qualified. She would ruin public education. Vote NO.
Please vote NO to DeVos. You hold the future of our country in your hands with this vote. Vote NO.
DeVos would be a disaster for all children, students and learners. Please vote no to DeVos. You hold future in your vote.
she will destroy the public education system.  I am ashamed you represent my state.
I have lost any respect I might have had for you as my Senator. Your entire handling of the confirmation process was unfair
Do not support her nomination. She knows nothing about public education, special education, or higher education. Vote no.
DeVost is unqualified to lead our children's education. Even I who want school choice am embarrassed by her.  Don't do this.
