Go get an ice creme to make yourself feel better.
You know Work Houses were  BAD, right? Non regulated and minimum wage is a nice way of saying indentured servitude
it will be dmging to have Sec of Labor who isn't for protecting workers
what a disappointment you are for all Tennesseans.
What about DECADES of failed trickle-down economics has made you believe this? you only believe. in helping rich get richer @SenAlexander
wow-when you were tortured to change your personality-it must have been an intimidating process-what a puppet you are now
MMAC agrees that over regulation and extremist regulations kills business and the hundreds of thousands of jobs Mining creates
what would be refreshing is any indication that you care about the people you supposedly represent
your legacy is you chose the wrong side of history.
Could you imagine him explaining this to his grandson some day. I voted for her because she paid me
. Please retire and give another Tennessean a chance to do something for our state.
regulations insuring workers are paid a living wage and not exploited as corporate executives take home ridiculous salaries
Regulations aren't hampering job growth, protecting the disproportionate rewards to those at the top is.
What about the President?  Are you going to be able to stand up to him?  Hope you have what it takes to look beyond parties.
i call bullshit
NO!
yeah, it makes it so hard he had to employ illegal immigrants. Or was that just greed?
Are you kidding me!?!?!?
Puzder has record of violating worker's rights & his ex-wife is on tape accusing him of spousal abuse -Trump found a real gem
Secretary of Labor who resists paying a LIVING WAGE.
As an independent (and there are MANY of us) who voted for you for many years, I respectfully say, YOU HAVE LOST YOUR MIND!
And how fewer regulations line CEO's pockets at the expense of workers.
Says the man who will confirm anyone regardless of being qualified or beating their wife! Nice job, Lamar!
yeah, like the forty-hour workweek and paid leave. Very damaging.
my you are not the man I thought you were growing up. So sad
do they know the damage you did?  Good thing you are finally retiring!   I'm for any party and anyone for your seat.
please develop your ability to represent me because you are doing a very poor job. Demand an investigation into Trumps cabinet
It's time to put people before profits. Stop lining the pockets of your cronies. This TN voter will not vote for you again.
"getting your news directly from the leader is basically the philosophy of N. Korea." - john oliver #makeamericafierceagain
What would actually be refreshing, Senator, is for you and your colleagues to do the right damn thing. Investigate #45!
I recently learned from @BillHaslam speaking that you helped to bring @Nissan to Nashville way back when.  Thank you
It would be refreshing to have a senator who understands the damage his partisan votes inflict on his constituents. HELP us.
what specific regulations prevent creating good jobs? I'm having trouble finding causal links.
right, finally a white guy who doesn't believe in the minimum wage. So refreshing. So populist. #resist
"It will kill jobs!" Same old GOP lie.
what is an example of an existing regulation that hurts job creation?
Excessive regulations?  Such as a liveable minimum wage?  GMAFB!
the job of the @usedgov is not to create jobs, it is to further our children's education.
He hates workers. Wants robots.
you are an incredible corporate hack. The Carl's Jr. guy?  I bet you want 3.50 min wage back too. Shame every time.
What difference does it make if there's cockroaches in the  kitchen at Hardee's.  no big deal
shame on you.  Listen to your constituents.
refreshing would be TN Senators who refused big money and party politics. Attempts to justify poor decisions getting old.
It'll be refreshing to have Sec of Labor who isn't owned by unions.
Now he can let his Hardee's cooking oil run down the streets!
Regulations protect people and heritage. We don't want corporations with unlimited power abusing nature and workers.
guess I've got more reasons to call your office tomorrow and voice my serious concerns.
you only hate reg. when they stop your agenda.
it would be great to have a sec. of labor who has empathy towards those who work in the places he employs.
it will be refreshing to have a senator who cares about his constituents rather than condescending to them.
do have dementia?He has a record of violating labor laws. Regulations were created to protect citizens from greed #removelamar
it would be refreshing to have a Senator who knows what his constituents go through every day to earn a living
more gop bs.
What Puzder considers excessive: living wage, payment for overtime, laws barring sex harassment. A true man of the people.
your propaganda is STILL unimpressive, no matter how many times you repeat it.
it will be refreshing to get you and the other wankers out of Washington before irreversible damage is done.
two more years, and you're done. #resist
I think it's time you walk across Tn again...get reacquainted with how we regular people have to live.
so, you have to vote for their guy because they all voted for devos. I see.
and who is that?
go work for #Puzder at Hardees for 2 wks & see if you feel refreshed.
Translation: "Can't wait to have a Sec of Labor who removes protections for real Americans so corps can make even more $$$!"
It would be refreshing to have a senator care about the working ppl in Tennessee. This is your last term. #OnNotice
it is scary that you will appoint a Secretary of Labor with a long record of abusing employees and stealing from their wages
there's a massive difference between a "job" and a "good job." only those at the top think the former is sufficient.
protect workers not corporations. Voters over donors.
seriously he hires undocumented labor treatment of employees horrible but your all for that crap
Good Lord you are gonna champion THIS anti-working class guy? He wants to replace humans with robots-literally! he said this!
would be great to have a Secretary of Labor that cares about a living wage.  How about caring about the people?
yes, let us see you create these so-called jobs for American citizens. Those living in poverty cannot wait. I call your bluff.
Finally! Someone willing to stand up to those tyrants trying to force business to pay living wages.
it will be refreshing when YOU are out of OUR office.
stand down and delete your account. The GOP needs to go.
Trickle down economics does NOT work. But if the disenfranchised really wanted it they too could be billionaires, right @SenAlexander?
Damages like protecting people and the environment.
It would be refreshing to have a government that was accountable to its citizens. Not gerrymandered and corrupt. #whereslamar
2018
rather than posting about what you believe will be good for the country, how about listening to what we believe? #wheresLamar
He knows how thats right! Like how to keep employing an undocumented worker!
corporations over workers. Wow. You've truly changed in all the worst ways Senator.
You've lost your mind!!CARLS/HARDEES CEO is anti labor!!Repub's days r numbered!! This is your last hurrah, Americas woke up!!
and how much is his net worth ?
“Can you believe that he had to provide employees with safety equipments/training? Unreal.”
Do you mean the damage that regulation can cause on his paycheck?
“And don’t even get me started on the burdens those pesky safety regulations have created.”
“He would’ve hired hundreds more workers had the govt not prevented him from paying them a slave wage!”
but doesn't believe in breaks and minimums wage!
Do you believe in workers' rights?  Do you believe in ethics? vote no on Pudzer
do you actually hate us ? Because it seems as such!
you lived through the 80s stop pretending you don't know what happens to the average American in a deregulated mkt!
watch the hard stutter at :22 even Lamar knows he's spouting bs. #gethimouttaoffice
it's refreshing to read replies to your tweets and know that people finally care about local elections enough to vote you out.
Sure! Pollute the water supply with coal debris, kill people earlier in life, more jobs for everyone!
it would be refreshing for  you to actually listen to your constituents.
Kind Senator Alexander the nominee for Labor doesn't care for the American worker only profits.
Translation: "Regulation makes it harder for corporate America to give heart disease to working Americans as well as bad jobs"
, would be refreshing to have a Sec of Labor who cares about the American worker & understands need to invest in #MainStreet.

This film from 2006 literally nailed #Puzder's own company and his love of automation:
watch your lying mouth, Lamar.
Frankly, I think you are a threat to the already existing working class in Tennessee.
How about we focus on the rights of workers and allow unions in TN again?
best reply I've read today!
you and your Senate cronies should be paid min wage..you do minimum work..useless tools..
You mean creating shitty jobs. What's the point if you can't support yourself!!
it's refreshing watching the hypocrisy come out of your mouth daily. 2018 sir
Yes, because we all look forward to low wage jobs with no protections.
we all know the @GOP just wants to remove the limitations in place so corporations can steal all the country's wealth.
Pudzer ignores regulations designed to protect workers. He also broke the law when he employed his housekeeper. Proud, ru?
it would be refreshing to have a senator who does more than drift to the position he thinks will get more votes #RINO
What would you say about the quality of jobs he's created?  Do they provide healthcare?
it will be quite refreshing when you are voted out of office. You're obviously unqualified with pure self interest
he don't care. By next term he'll have made his $$. Sad his legacy will tarnished by final term decisions.
Sure decent wages, clean water and air are not important. What happened to treat people well AND make a profit?  Greed!
I believe workers have rights. Does this man? Evidence says no.
but who will protect the workers on the other side? Oh right. That is not your concern. Party over country.
what was the last minimum wage job anyone in your family held?
I don't want to trade clean environment and safe food for jobs. Environment friendly regulations also creates jobs.
DON'T VOTE FOR HIM!!! HE is NOT for workers.
How about one who knows the damage lack of regulation can cause on our land & health? Clean up processes before deregulating
That's right Lamar, now please go get that tax cut in place for small businesses!
Minimum wage is a huge drag, isn't it, Senator?
