"Mr. Puzder adds that his company must now fire managers who don't report their work hours because they present a legal risk."
that's right, he will fire them for working for free in hopes of a mgmt bonus. This man is AGAINST the CONCEPT of OVERTIME.
imagine firing both teams of #SuperBowl2017 for working unpaid overtime, b/c they wanted a team win & ring. #PuzderNo
He is the absolute Wrong person for the position!  He would rather have robots than employees--what's wrong with you?
has been bought and paid for by big business and their lobby. Tennessee deserves better.  #fixTN2018 #AlexanderEmbarrassment
you have lost all your credibility. I have no faith in any of your decisions so just stop pretending to care
you should talk to us now we'll throw you a great retirement party.
stay strong Tennessee you deserve better demand Town Hall!
internet provide the truth for TN! Hold his feet to the fire!
or the opposite
He's a horny, smarmy rich guy undeserving of the position.
we have heard more than enough from you lately. We are tired of your Selling of the Cabinet!
you never reply to me personally. Leave my Medicare alone remember. You're rude to others too. I've never been republican Rude
How you can say these things is amazingHow do you look at yourself in the mirror at night? It's time for a town hall, date?
where ya been buddy? Making nice with a lot of dangerous people, whose records show incompetence and greed. #whereslamar
And how to exploit his workers. You are a shill. You do not represent your constituents. #doyourjob no #partybeforecountry
looking forward for a chance to talk in person. You do remember that's your job right? Not to pick FOR us, but to represent us
great job again
.@SenAlexander He knows how to create low-wage jobs for undocumented immigrants, but how does that help your constituents?
I'm sure he knows how to suppress wages and keep enslaved to poverty.
hay lamar when is your next town hall
lately you've done a lot of preaching but not a lot of attentive listening to your constituents; time for a townhall
town hall!
shame on you for selling out. Just like DeVos & sessions, TN wants nothing to do with him. LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!
he doesn't believe in a minimum age and is unfit for Sec of labor. He doesn't even want to give breaks.
frankly, your decisions of late have been awful. Puzder is the pits. Let's talk. #wheresLamar
Lamar Suck!!
you will vote all nominations in because you are not running again. Let the people know you are a sellout and have no balls!
we are done with your b.s.
why Thursday??? why not Monday am???
24/7/365 for cabinet confirmations.
, Sir, you can stop trying; you lost your credibility. Why don't you listen to your constituents instead? That's your job!
NO on Pudzer. His wealth is not the result of respect for his workers. He is the opposite of an appropriate labor sec.
...interesting. For labor, you support someone who has worked. For education, someone with no direct experience in the field.
as far as this voter is concerned, you're done in TN.
jee, what a creepy opportunity, care us back to the old plantation
since you don't answer your phone, or emails, I presume you must be  working on your resume.
I have NO confidence in your judgement after DeVos. I will fight to defeat your reelection!! #TrumpTrain #Lies
maybe he can create a job for you at Carl's Jr. when you lose yours soon. You've got a bikini, right??
Do you also support Trump's voter fraud lies?
Lets see what he's got! Raise minimum wage!!!!!
Puzder moving co. headquarters to TN after leaving CA because CA pays decent min wage and gives employees breaks.
Maybe You should just Retire now.
How bad is he supposed to fuck us?
And how to objectify women.
you'll never receive a vote from me again and I'm ashamed I have. You only care about staying with your party, not your people
Why am I not surprised that you would sponsor Puzder? He knowingly employed an "illegal immigrant" and YOU DON'T CARE! Shame.
he's also a proponent of automation to replace the workers he now pays starvation wages bc they are cheaper and can't complain
oh, my - stop the garble!!! TN is watching, and we're no feeling even a bit proud!!!
slave labor jobs.
Pornographic advertising. Low wage jobs & legacy of spousal abuse. How can you support this man?
I stopped listening at DeVos
You're my senator in congress. Stop marching to the destructive rhetoric of the republican party and help your constituents.
You know what'd be refreshing, senator? Feeling like you gave a damn. Pick up you phone and answer your email.  #WheresLamar
and mistreat his employees. But I guess that is no concern to the GOP.
.@SenAlexander what about all the VW jobs lost when the workers there didn't unionize? Big campaign against it. Where were you?
Maybe if you attended a town hall, you could tell us more about him. #WheresLamar
.@SenAlexander what are you doing for equal pay for women or racial minorities? What about protection for unions?
Let's hope the vetting process is as "extreme" for cabinet members as it is to immigrants. Makes a bit of sense, right?
we've already learned we can't trust your judgement on anything. #DeVosvote
"I like our ads. I like beautiful women eating burgers in bikinis. I think it's very American." - Puzder
.@SenAlexander I want to make enough to ever pay off my student loans and someday have time off for something other than funerals and Xmas
.@SenAlexander excessive regulation? One thing American workers don't suffer from is too much protection from employers
Puzder wants to do away with the minimum wage. Tennessee has thousands of minimum wage earners that need you to step up, Sir.
As an American/Tennessean, let's hope you allow for all questioning. I can understand you trying to get in front of this. Sad!
@GOP @SenateGOP You know you can vote against Puzder. It's OK because he's tarnished by housekeeper story. #LightsAreOn
yes. Jobs for illegal immigrants. Come on Lamar, you are embarrassing yourself.
When is your next Town Hall?
He definitely will NOT be for the workers though! Hope you enjoy retirement!
The sooner the better.

Yes, the man who believes his workers should work 70hr weeks with no overtime "for the good of their character"
and he knows how to harm the working class
