Without hearings, I do not support the AHCA. Without hearings, I expect a NO vote from you. You represent ALL Tennesseans. Vote No.
Helz yes .. 
You were 1 of the writers of this bill. TN is ashamed of you.
AHCA senate version under serving of your support. Please vote No.
Use the delay in voting to consider how this bill affects your older constituents. Not everyone is as rich as you! Work with Dems!
Ends mandate for coverage of essential services like mental health, maternity care & preventative testing/ treatment - last pages of bill
Bill gives a huge tax cut to the wealthy. beginning read bill on page 29 for those details.
Shame on you for lying to Americans and to Tennesseans.  You know this is a horrid bill.  #AHCAKills  #AHCA
How do u justify giving states the ability to waive essential benefits?? Why not just EXPAND Medicaid and help poor/disabled people easier?
....uh, because expanding any entitlement costs (taxpayer) money?
I'm more than willing to pay more to not watch my mother die.
I'm sympathetic..nearly lost my mom in 2014. But investigate where socialized medicine is being practiced. Quality of care is terrible.
Why would quality drop? Drs don't get dumber just b/c they get paid differently. Even if it DOES drop, at least I didn't help kill others
What do you say about the healthcare bill now? Please do not vote for this if it cuts Medicaid as bad as they're saying!
My quadriplegic son relies on Medicaid completely, he only gets $950 a month as it is, everything else comes out of our pockets, everything!
Vote NO! States CAN opt out of covering or existing conditions, so your statement is misleading at best.
U are betraying 23 million citizens, including many Tennesseans! Do you have NO compassion? Karma will get U, Lamar! #ImpeachTrumpNow
This will kill and hurt millions for a tax break. Sen. you are apparently ok with this. Just awful
Sen. vote NO on this bill. We don't need it in TN
Just heard ur statement on news. Ur making excuses for ur upcoming YES vote. Ur plan is even worse & insures less ppl. Fix the current plan
Vote NO on Senate Health Care Bill.
Vote No
Bill gives $2 billion for Mental health care and no more ever.
This bill cuts funding to Medicaid by roughly 33%. This can be confirmed beginning on page 39 of the bill.
This bill is awful for TN &U.S. but not for the rich who will get the tax cuts and that was the goal. Healthcare is not GOP priority.
Please oppose this bill. It is not good for our families or the communities that serve these populations. #NoTrumpCare
Do your job! Protect Tennessee people vote NO to Trump Care. Nursing homes depend on Medicaid to care for our elderly.
Sen. Also quit lying and own this monstrosity. We n TN see this for what it is. If so great,all congress s/b required 2 have this insurance
Senator Alexander. You know this health bill is a disaster. TN citizens are against it. Show your strength by coming out with NO today.
Trumpcare needs to be seen and reviewed! Huge cuts to medicaid will harm millions of people-so rich can have tax cuts?
Lies, sir. #AHCA will hurt the TN budget, it'll hurt kids, seniors, and ppl w/ disabilities. #AHCAKills #KillTheBill
https://www.tnjustice.org/documents/2017/05/ahca-threats-to-tn.pdf …
This bill is not a repeal of Obamacare. Your vote should be NO.
Vote NO. Pre-existing conditions coverage and essential benefits are needed to ensure continued access to quality (and affordable) care.
As an occupational therapist in Shelby Co., Vote NO! This bill will hurt children and adults with disabilities.

Make people understand, @chrislhayes @HardballChris @maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid, Medicaid keeps people like me out of institutions. 
@SenBobCorker @BillCassidy @SenDeanHeller @SenatorCollins @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenCapito  Does #Trumpcare pass the Jimmy Kimmel test?
The draconian cuts in Medicaid alone are enough to force a NO vote on this bill, since it will drive TN rural hospitals out of business.
As a physician I had plenty of time to read the ACA before it was enacted. Why won't I have the same possibility with this bill?
Providing tax cuts for the rich by cutting healthcare for the poor is shameful. You are misleading TN about the bill's long term effects!
If you support this bill -- in any way -- I believe that you are unqualified to represent Tennesseans and should be removed.
Tax cuts for the rich disguised as healthcare. Heartless bill that will lead to suffering for the neediest. #voteno
As a pediatrician in Tennessee I want to encourage you to make sure the final bill provides REAL protections for children and special needs
I wholeheartedly send the same urgent response as Dr. H. Mom of with TD1and another with mental disabilities.#keepkidscovered
Not to mention adults. All people deserve affordable healthcare, not just children.
What you state is demonstrably FALSE. You can tell the same lie as many times as you'd like, it still never becomes the truth.
If it's soooo good for the nation, I assume you'll be one of the first to sign up for it, right? Yeah, didn't think so, you damn hypocrite!!
This bill is shameful! Vote no!
Trumpcare is a huge tax cut for the rich while killing the poor.  How much were u paid to sell out ur people & UR country?
These are outright, bald-faced lies. If you want to put forth a monstrously cruel bill so you can cut taxes for the wealthy, at least own it
Rebuild OBAMA CARE , BETTER SINGLE PAYER.WeE DESERVE THE SAME INSURANCE AS YOU HAVE!!!!!!!!
are you sure you read it? because your assessment is false. Vote NO! 
Best thing you can do to lower premiums? Support exchanges, which brings certainty to market. Oh, and you can save lives while you're at it.
These 13 Senators met behind closed doors and ate a lot of chili, then collectively shit out this bill...it's crap
this bill has nothing to do with lowering premiums -your statements on this point are conclusory, baseless, fake news.
You are a mentally delusional old man who is barely functioning if you think this bill is great. Your constituents do not.
Shame on you
Voting you OUT!
The people of Tennessee are not fooled.
The rich get richer and the poor just die from this bill. Not Christian
Can't wait to see the CBO score on this one...if, indeed, we get to see the score.
Larmar, one of the 13 GOP Senators on Death Panel drafting Trumpcare.  We won't forget in '18/'20!
Medicaid cuts will be large and substantial in the coming years. States dont have to offer protections for pre existing conditions. You lie.
"more funding to HOSPITALS" not more money to patients struggling to afford care & can we chat about @PPact? Because that's disgraceful.
Please vote no. You know it's evil
How much do YOU stand to gain from the tax cuts, Senator?  Meanwhile, my niece loses her coverage and I have to pay 4,000 for asthma drugs.
If you vote yes we will remember, not only the senate but in 2018 in the house...your move...
Planned Parenthood banned from Medicaid for 1 year is expected given not a single woman (or a non-white for that matter) on AHCA committee.
The bill tells women that they can't choose their own doctor, need to have @SenAlexander approval first.
#Trumpcare 's medicaid cuts will clobber TN.  Please vote NO
You are cherry picking what you would like to think are benefits.  The rich will benefit from this.  Why not make that point?
I notice you didn't mention the special tax cuts for wealthy people. Conveniently overlooked that part, huh?
@SenBobCorker this Senate health care bill is a disgrace to the children in our state on Medicaid. The majority of Medicaid 1/
I implore you to work on something that addresses the SIX percent of the health insurance market that isn't 3/
I'm not sure hauling out wheelchair-bound protesters is the best start to #trumpcare. Vote no. This bill hurts our state
Now you're LYING #meanoldmanlamar
You're really bad at reading.    And senat-ing.
Does the carve-out remain that Congress and staff are exempt from your AHCA?
So can we expect a "NO" vote if the CBO score is as abysmal as the House bill's?
Do you think we're stupid?
You'll have blood on your hands
How are yearly/life limits looking? What kinds of premium increases should older people expect? I'm unclear on your math for Medicaid...
We could really get into the details at a town hall in TN.
As a constituent from Shelby County, I implore you to VOTE NO.
How can medicaid cuts have no impact on Tenncare? Please share the numbers?
You're a liar.
Shameful. This will gut Medicaid and force the poor to pay more for worse coverage. Find another way to fund your tax cut for the wealthy.
BOOOOOOOOOO
Your aide couldn't comment on whether bill touches essential health benefits. Directed me to read the bill myself. Can't wait to b confused!
I'm sorry but what bill did you read? I clearly am reading something totally different.
Wanna talk abt how cutting individual mandate (with no replacement) WILL lead to a death spiral in the insurance market??
Or how "protections" for pre-exist conditions are USELESS if states cut EHBs and insurance plans don't have to cover tx for said condition
PLEASE explain to me how billion dollar cuts to Medicaid won't impact TennCare. Seriously.
Your interpretation of the Medicaid growth rate doesn't make sense.
I wish you would let this bill go through all the constituents in Tennessee will be voting you out next term
