Gov. Walker = idiot. DeVos has NO qualifications and NO redeeming qualities for Secty of Edu. VOTE NO! #badforTN #badforKids
Do not vote to confirm DeVos. We want better choice with experience in education.
Listen to your constituents!
also judging from her hearing I believe I may know more about ed. policy. Has she read ESSA? Does she even know what it is?
I am getting my masters in social work, currently in a TN charter school and can clearly see DeVos is not for our children
you listen to one person from your party over thousands upon thousands of constituents voicing comcern?? Typical.
Anyone wanting to contact @SenAlexander about Devos, Sessions or other, read this for helpful info. #VoteNODevos
CALLING YOUR REPS!! HOW TO DO IT EFFECTIVELY! Long but you only have to read it once. 
Lamar's on his way to more of a Ray Blanton legacy than a Howard Baker statesman legacy. Bannon on NSC? GOP was hjiacked. Sad.
if you don't oppose her, then you are turning a deaf ears to those who voted you in! WE MATTER MORE THAN YOUR CAREER!
the danger of her goes across the board to parents and children alike. But to teacher's,  she is a slap in the Face! Vote NO!
You'll lose my vote if you put this woman into a position she's not qualified for.  Thanks for the form email reply, rolleyes
This Tennessean says NO to Betsy DeVos who does not respect or understand public education.
you should check your voicemail so that your constituents can leave you a message about how absurd it is to confirm her
Senator, please speak against #muslimban & restructure of NSC. Defending billionaires not the extent of your job description.
Show yourself to be a man of character and vote against Her! We cannot afford to gamble with our children's education!
So Gov Walker ranks higher than your constituents. Good to know who you actually represent. #DumpDevos
sell out to public eduction . Bye bye in republicans 2018/ you made your bed .
Answer your phone's and listen to us! You work for us or we will fire you.
No. She is not qualified. My zip is 38401. Stop ignoring Tennesseans!
How much money did #StopDeVos "donate" to you?
If this is true why didn't she send her kids to their local schools?
NO on DeVos! Your voicemail line is full - I grew up in West Mich, Betsy DeVos is grossly unqualified for this position!
DeVos should not be confirmed. Your constituents are talking - for once listen to them
And Yet, she has no experience with local (public) schools at all. This is absurb.
say NO. She has no idea what she's doing, doesn't understand the basics of education action and bought her way to this place.
If DeVos gave me $342K, as she did @governorscott, I'd be her cheerleader too. Do what's best for our kids, not your wallet.
too bad. The parents & voters of Tennessee say NO WAY. #DumpDevos
Betsy DeVos is unqualified to be Sec of Ed., and Gov. Walker is unqualified to judge after dismantling WI public education.
what a surprise.  Now listen to the rest of us. #dumpdevos
Her results in Michigan are DISMAL. She cares about profiteering off our kids, not helping them. #BetsyDeVos
That's great! But she still IS NOT qualified! No to DeVos!
she knows nothing about public education.  Vouchers will destroy public schools
TN - R- (202) 224-4944  - Up for re-election in 2020. No statement, no action on executive order. Vote him out.  #MuslimBan
If DeVos confirmed, next election, the Republicans will lose the TN Senate seat, regardless of who runs. #NotoDeVos
She doesn't know enough to have any beliefs about education! How do you sleep at night?
I've tried to respect because your son is a good guy but I will work until my dying day to get you out of office. disgrace.
you are suppose to answer to your Tennessean constituents not the governor of Wisconsin #DumpDevos
no she doesn't. Wealthy privileged and unprepared.
I used to believe that. Then my local school locked my son outside when he was too slow on his crutches.
I see more protests on our nations future. It's clear our govt cares more about the billionaires than the PEOPLE
she might believe that, but she's never taught, been an adminstrator, or worked in a school. "Mentoring" isn't the same.
please listen to educators & parents--vote NO. I'm a mom of 3 kids in public school, 2 with IEPs & 1 with a 504
Unfortunately, one sound bite does not make up for her policies. #TNkidsmatter
Are you deaf or just ignorant? #fool #FollowTheMoney
she "believes" but her record is one of failure.
If you want to convince educators DeVos is right for the job, citing Scott Walker's endorsement is the last thing you should do. C'mon.
She believes in using tax dollars to fund private schools to hurt the poor, rural communities who cannot support them.
- she also believes guns belong in schools and doesn't know what basal Ed terms mean.  #noDeVos
You answer to all constituents & we say NO. Answer your phones and hear us. This woman is unqualified & my kid deserves more
You are less than human.
announcing bring you guns to school day everyday! Say goodbye to public education day to follow vote!


Donald Trump campaign staffer who made racist Facebook posts will join US Department of Education https://www.google.com/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-campaign-staffer-teresa-unrue-racist-silam-control-mexico-facebook-posts-us-department-a7548821.html%3Famp?client=safari …
Betsy Devos is unqualified. She has never taught a class, her kids never attended public school, or filled out a FAFSA. No.
Tennessee does not want Betsy DeVos.  She is not qualified!!! #DumpDevos
. Sure. Plenty of qualified people would make the same statement. One of them should be education secretary
Just say no! Listen to your constituents!
if you do this you openly defy your employers, us. This will be your legacy. Is this what you want to be remembered for?
@TearsaSmith The teachers in Tenn think she should NOT be confirmed!
She doesn't believe in accountability for charter schools- she SAID so in your confirmation hearings!  Not my tax dollars!!
@BetsyDeVos has not shown the least bit of interest in supporting public education. #NoDeVos
no she doesn't! Governor is WRONG!
Please don't.  PLEASE.  She lacks understanding of public schools and what our students need.  Please no.
She also believes schools need guns because....BEARS!  Vote NO!
Ms. Dubose has never attended public schools, nor have her children. Her work in Indiana was unsuccessful. #RESIST
this is what happens when locals have power instead of the DOE http://nebula.wsimg.com/189b65ab1287dbacd96df46a1ea335bd?AccessKeyId=D285A48BD88AE45BD415&disposition=0&alloworigin=1 …
so what? He has been an accomplice in destroying public ed.  Listen to us in TN, do your job representing us!
scott walker is an idiot--Lamar you sold out
Listen to the people. They are saying #NotoDeVos
outrageous to consider DeVos...Tennessee says NO to privatizing.
If you truly believe this, you don't know anything abt public Ed. If you don't, you're harming children because you're scared.
No No No! If you love our children with disabilities stop promoting her
WE DO NOT want BETSY DEVOSS. You will NOT be reelected!
as a fellow Eagle Scout I urge you to seriously think about why Ms DeVos was appointed. Not for experience or ability but $$$
She hasn't a clue! NO to DeVos! NO TO DEVOS!

When the APTA Pediatric Section is also troubled over DeVos' lack of understanding of the federal law IDEA, you know it's time:  #DumpDeVos. 
She wants to take tax money from the poor and give it to the rich through the school voucher program. Say, "No" to voucher program!
Segregation is not the answer and that's DeVos's plan. Have's go to charter, have-not's go to slum schools. Hear the people!!
I'll tell you who votes. We the people of TN who have asked you kindly to protect our children but your putting yourself first
She has no Public School Exp. Charter is an easy way to start segregation between the have's and have-not's. Who votes in TN?
-  putting a woman with zero experience in public ed is irresponsible & dangerous
you represent me, and this person does not possess the experience or judgement for this position. I will remember this vote.
take your own advice and listen to Diane Ravitch.  You are not representing us! #dumpDeVos
No, she doesn't. Stop lying to urself and us. Your parents were teachers! They gave their life to educating others, not profit
She is not qualified
The goal is to privatize education, use tax $$ for corporate gain. You should be ashamed.
Gov Walker is not the best recommendation for education.
how many calls & emails have you received in opposition? Do you have a threshold at which point you listen to your people?
The same Gov. Walker who is such a supporter of all things public in his home state? DeVos is still unqualified--vote NO.

D & R constituents in your state have found common ground on this--please #VoteNoOnDevos  She's no ally to pub school Ss or Ts
she admitted that her family contributed 200 million to republicans.  Does that have anything to do with your decision?
I'm a native Tennessean, UTK Alum, you signed my degree. You know deep in your heart DeVos is unqualified. Pray on it, vote NO
I really cannot care less about what walker says.  Probably about the same as you care what we say.

, give it up. Your constituents do not want DeVos!!!
Vote your conscience, not your party. Our kids and educators deserve better than what this nominee offers.
She only cares about MONEY, she doesn't care about students, so only cares about MONEY. We all know that, why don't you?
NO TO DEVOS
Even as hundreds protest at your #Nashville office, you are still ignorant to what your constituents want. #Shame #DumpDevos
I'm really sad to think you would sacrifice our children to vote a party line... the $$$ obviously mean more to you.
You should do what your  CONSTITUENTS want you to do. #VOTENO. THAT IS YOUR JOB. SHE MUST BE PAYING YOU GOOD UNDER THE TABLE.
Vote no on DeVos! Listen to your constituents and do your job.
we support her confirmation. Mboro
What part of NO confuses you?
Who cares what Gov Walker thinks? What do TN residents think? Based on your phone lines & VM issues we've spoken. What will you do?
all the voting teachers are watching how you vote!
We saw the hearing. Am I missing something? I was better prepared for my interview at The Gap, than she was for such a role.
@ScottWalker Oh, Walker supports her. Wow! Well, then, that makes her competent and you not a political hack. As Trump sez NOT
Listen to your constituents-Do Not confirm. Being a career politician who isn't running for another term, guess you will represent yourself
Gov Walker hates public schools & wrested power from teachers unions. Unions are a major part of middle class.  #DumpDevos
Think of the rural children.  Think of the most vulnerable children.  Improve the public schools.  Vote NOT to confirm DeVos.
Is  @GovWalker s'posed to be positive or negative? He has been so rotten to schools and workers. Perhaps, you're using irony?
something sick about your ardent support of @BetsyDeVos  not worth, deserving, or in need of it. Follow the money, methinks.
, we agree, if we are talking local PUBLIC schools. DeVos is not the choice, though. #DeVosFacts http://www.freep.com/story/news/local/michigan/2014/06/22/michigan-spends-1b-on-charter-schools-but-fails-to-hold/77155074/ …
Glowing recommendation from a proven racist. Think about what side of history that you are on.
if you go through VM (full in most offices) you'll realize your constituents - folks who put you in office - say NO to DeVos
I raised children in WI under Walker. Stripped schools to the bone. He's about taxes for seniors, not children
VOTE NO ON DEVOS. TENNESSEE SCHOOLS ARE NOT FOR SALE. LISTEN TO TENNESSEE. #NotoDeVos
Your uncritical acceptance of DeVos is embarrassing.
Great. Have a loser wiscy gov give a dumb opinion about an unqualified nominee. She's dragging your career down. Just say NO!
Pay attention to the voters sir! We put you in office and we'll gladly remove you. Do not confirm! #hearus @SenBobCorker
I find it funny that you can't respond to anyone's tweets. #coward
I completely disagree with that statement. Please listen to your constituents.
I'm amazed at your failure to see the facts. And, considering it's coming from Walker, I am not surprised. #incompetence

.@SenAlexander Your office phone was busy all afternoon. Please consider delaying vote until constituents have had a chance to contact you.
@GovWalker also hasn't found a government service he doesn't hate. Not a great source.
I thank you for all your hard work, but am disappointed that you blocked a second hearing for Ms.Devos.
. @SenAlexander Staff making little propaganda soc media posts while constituents are being turned away from your Nashville office? Shame.
what's her record on school improvement?where does she stand on reading intervention?common core?#DumpDevos #DeVosFacts
but what does she know about teaching and learning beyond that????#DumpDevos #DeVosFacts
how would she know if she's never been a public school student, parent,teacher or admin herself?#DumpDevos #DeVosFacts
I urge you to be better at your job.
why would your TN constituents care about his opinion? She's not qualified. We saw the hearing. You're our Sen. Represent us!
can't you see the American public doesn't want her? Stop trying to sell us on the unqualified DeVos #DumpDevos
I'm no union boss. Just a mom. I want kids 2learn: work to EARN what they get. Work2earn, not pay2play!  No for DeVos (pls).
it's just hard to validate her responses....I mean, "grizzlies," really? TN schools can't afford to have her in charge.
-you are not changing anyone's mind with these posts. You know as well as we do that she is not qualified for the job.
even her alma mater sees how not seriously she took education. DJT can put forth better, we know that. Pls encourage him to!
She's not prepared/ experienced for position. It's ain't politics: I can love God but I still need kids to be prepared2work.
I am a Tennesseean and I support your vote.
yeah that's why she supports private schools over public
What happens to these local schools when everybody takes their vouchers to private schools. Think, McFly! Think!
Really!!? We're listening to Scott Walker!!? On matters of education!! You've lost it, man. Hang it up!
don't follow GOP bullshit simply because of your politics. be on the right side of history here.
this quote does nothing to prove she's qualified. because she CLEARLY is NOT. listen to us, and listen to your heart.
disgusting
Tennesseans say NO
no shit but doesn't mean she's the right person for the job. She's so under qualified and has no business having the job.
DON'T CONFIRM @BetsyDeVos vouchers #discriminate against #disabled students
Educators in YOUR state believe otherwise! #votenoondevos
.@SenAlexander With respect, rather than retweeting WI governor, maybe answer the calls from your TN constituents. Vote #NoonDeVos please.
That's great, but the educators in the state you represent disagree with that pretty strongly.
Walker was nearly recalled. You want to follow his lead? I think there's already a petition circulating...
vote to pass please. More$ in schools has not given better results. Let parent choose. This will generate better performance
Where'd you get that idea? All that federal money and Tennessee is the fastest growing state in the country #naep
Parent choice. Grandchild is doing OK but to much time is spent with Spanish speaking classmates. Social  issues. Common Core.
I'm assuming that you are getting a little worried about this since it is all you are tweeting about? WE DON'T WANT HER!

Senator Lamar Alexander, do the right thing regarding Betsy DeVos http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/an-open-letter-to-senator-lamar-alexander_us_5884ebc9e4b070d8cad330ac?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
which public school do your grandkids attend? WE DON'T WANT DeVOS. Awful choice for our kids.
Yet, she wants to take money away from local public schools to fund private schools. MAKES NO SENSE. REJECT
the money follow the child. Go visit inner city schools in Memphis where superintendent draws bonus failing  sch
So removing even more protections against that kind of abuse is going to solve the problem?
parents can move children to a good school removing teachers that just draw salary and tenure
NO NO NO. Listen to Tn. We don't want her
Red herring fallacy. If I believe time heals all wounds, am I qualified to be a psychotherapist? #NotoDeVos #unqualified
your constituents are trying to reach you to voice concern but you're listening to the governor of another state? #DumpDevos
Need to switch pressure to Corker. Lamar isn't going to listen. It's going to be a floor vote anyway. Only need 3 R's to defect.

Stop trying to sell us something the American people don't want or need! We know her record. We watched her hearing #DumpDeVos
Her actions speak otherwise. She is NOT qualified  period!
.@SenAlexander Please increase your call handling capacity so your constituents can reach you & voice their displeasure with this stance.
No Reject Devos!!!!
Tennessee doesn't give a shit about Wisconsin's governor, sir.
