This isn't repeal, just lipstick on a pig. POTUS tweeted repeal first then replace. Do that, except, don't replace.
"Vote No" to the health care bill. Just fix Affordable Health Care. I'm Republican.  If u vote yes, will work hard 2 replace U
Call me. Call any disabled Tennessean
Do you read the emails, tweets, faxes, and FB posts from your constituents? You are our REPRESENTATIVE.  Represent the voters of TN. VOTE NO
No he doesn't and neither does Corker, both of them too chicken to hold town hall meetings too, shameful. Vote them out next election
Vote NO! #AHCA #Trumpcare
NO MORE lies! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #FreeMarketOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
How about we shout for a CBO score of $0. How? #FullRepeal as the people were promised. #UnitedForFreedom
Stay out of our healthcare! We will get rid of you schmucks!
Under ACA, I drive a Honda Civic. Under BCRA, I can "choose" to drive a Ferrari but I can only afford 1% of a broken bicycle?
GOP STATEGY:
-bail out Obamacare
-set course for single payer socialism
-take all blame for failure
Brilliant. #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
NO trump or Obamacare! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! FREE the market! #UnitedforFreedom!
Only statement we want to hear is when and where your Townhall will be.
vote NO #AHCA #TrumpCare
The only way Tennesseans would have "the possibility of 0 options" is if congress decides to gut Obamacare and give us 0 options. #BeHonest
Last I heard, Humana, only ACA now, is gone 1st of 2018, BCBS not sure!
BCBST is in! But raised rates due to "uncertainty" in the market = GOP sabotaging ACA
#NoNewEntitlements
#UnitedForFreedom
#FullRepeal
We expect #FullRepeal! Dont contribute further to the downfall of ur party by pushing thru this monster!! #KeepThePromise! #UnitedForFreedom
When are we getting Medicaid expansion in Tennessee? Works in Mitch McConnell's state, our neighbor
Wasn't it a Republican that said lipstick on a pig still leaves you with a pig?
#TrumpCare = 98% ACA; Republicans to be blamed for BHO mess
Hippcratic Oath: 1st, do no harm
#FullRepeal #NoReplace #UnitedForFreedom
Not a whole lot of Likes here.  Looks like your constituents really read the CBO report and you didn't
greedy aren't you?
You like2do things in secret don't u Sen ? Things hurt nursing Rez,babies w devastating defects , diabetics heart patients .I don't blame u
Premiums drop because the poorest will be priced out of care. At least you're not lying about Medicaid staying the same.
… ACA is far better situation than this abomination you support. SHAME ON YOU. SHAME ON YOU. No fool like an old fool.
Current law wouldn't leave 12K TNeans without aid if our republican legislature had expanded Medicaid as they did in KY. Even so, sir, …
This is blatant neglect of your responsibilities to Tennesseans. Do the right thing for the people.
Atleast hold out and get some of the 200 billion Mitch is using for sweeteners. TN could use that money. Don't carry the water for nothing!
You helped write a death bill!DO YOUR JOB&VOTE NO TO THIS DEATHCARE BILL. YOUR VOTE WILL BE REMEMBERED! YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT!
Seven in ten Americans oppose this bill, just who do you represent? Must be the other three!
This bill will devastate Tennessee, where the median per capita income is a meager $26k, & median hh income only $47k. Get a grip, Senator.
Repeal ACA, get out of insurance business. Allow crossing state lines, competition work. Drs. Drug mfgs, & hospitals may have 2 take a cut.
Please fight this bill. Dangerous. Protect those who need it most
We know you will personally benefit from this bill via tax breaks, but will kill many Tennesseans!
Please vote no. The bill is genocide in the making!
Stop this farce, please! Stop this bill and start working with the democrats to get a bill that will help us. Many will die under this bill
???? No other alternatives? There is the alternative of fixing the deficiencies of Obamacare and forgetting the tax cuts for the wealthy
Vote NO on the B plan.
@SenBobCorker @BillHaslam @tnsenate CBO didn't expect Repub. governors to put ideology above health of residents & fight #ACA implication.
I am deeply saddened. You are leaving the most vulnerable open to further attack. This GOP member will not vote for you again
God help us. Senator Alexander is not going to.
On page 4 of the CBO report it estimates an an increase in uninsured of 19million by 2020.
You work for me & my fellow Tennesseans, Senator, & we urge you to vote no. I also urge you to do something about your busy phone lines.
You are an excellent cherry picker, presenting these few bright spots as representative of whole CBO Report. Your optimism's not contagious
Avg premium increase in TN $1006 in 2018.  # TN residents who lose coverage 637 thousand.  TN Medicaid loses 372.5 thousand.  Vote NO.
We conservatives want you to get the bill passed!  Push for changes,by the end of the week we want something passed!  Ignore the snowflakes
I'm extremely disappointed in your statement regarding the CBO report. Please reconsider your support for #BCRA.
One person without medical care is unacceptable. One family without care is unacceptable.
I'm so glad I'm a registered Tennessee voter. I will exercise my vote against you at the next  election.
Dear Lamar Alexander,
GOP=Greed Over People
#CBOReport #HealthcareBill
https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2017/06/26/the-cbo-confirms-senate-republicans-health-care-bill-is-a-turkey/?utm_term=.a96d83f16cdb …
#VoteNo  on TrumpCare
You spineless ___. You know the AHCA is far worse than the ACA. You also know Medicare for all is the best option, but there go your bribes.
hey man, big fan of your beautiful state. Please vote against trumpcare and keep millions of Americans insured
It's okay snowflake
Vote NO on health care bill. Do not steal tax dollars from sick And elderly to give to wealthy supporters. How can you live with yourself?
If you vote YES on this bill I will vote against you in the 2018 midterms. 23 MILLION people will loose their insurance. That's not right.
I want you to answer me, Lamar. Is your adjusted gross income over $250,000? If so, how much of a tax break will you get if #BRCA passes?
Please #VoteNoAHCA my daughter is in risk of losing coverage for her pre-exisitng conditions. She is five years old.
You are wrong - another and more reasonable option is to fix the ACA, not just pass a "tax cut for the wealthy" bill which is what this is.
You are a major disappointment.
When faced with a real problem (hc in TN) you could actually draft meaningful solutions, rather than throwing yr hands up in failure #VoteNo
I used to admire you but now you are a disgrace and I am embarrassed to have you as my Senator. Shame on you!!!!
"Take advantage of the flexibility" TRANSLATION "your cancer treatment/pregnancy/nursing home is not covered"
Consider all your constituents who will be without healthcare under this bill. Vote NO - Country over party, please
#SenateHealthCareBill
If people become responsible for their own health ins they would find ways to reduce health care costs. Shop around.
MLH the 2nd largest employer in Memphis & one of the biggest healthcare providers in TN spoke out against this bill. Who else do you need?
What good are lower premiums for a select few if coverage is worse for everyone?
Umm, the COB says premiums will INCREASE. Sorry you misread.
352,000 Tennesseans could benefit from expanded Medicare in our state. 0 would benefit from the Medicaid cuts you're proposing.
The Dems have it right, you're going to "glow in the dark" after passing this monstrosity.
If you cared about reducing the deficit you wouldn't have given the tax breaks. represent the OTHER 98%
Did you read where millions of people will lose their health coverage due to this bill?
Did you read where this is a tax break for the 1% not a healthcare bill?
Then why not take the readily available Medicaid expansion? Oh because it's about politics not what's actually best for people.
Don't release misleading statements.  They're insulting to Tennesseeans.  they are lies of omission.  We expect better. We demand better!
Deceptive since the uninsured is because our Republican Governor did not expand Medicaid #SaveStrengthenACA
I would say "vote no," but you're just a sad, old man at the end of his career. I'm sorry my fellow Tennesseans have to suffer because of u
TN didn't take advantage of Medicaid expansion, the chance that TN state legislature will use flex. to benefit uninsured is zero.
and don't blame dems on what we have. Dems wanted to FIX obamacare and rebubs won't have it.
what you are not stating is though premiums may fall in 3 year, total health care cost will soar including insanely high deductibles
You really cherry-picked this report looking for good news!  How about 15M uninsured?  How about increased out of pocket expenses?  Liar!
Liar, liar, pants on fire! What kind of person that claims to be Christian can vote for that healthcare bill? #Shameful !
please vote NO
False premise that these are the only two choices for healthcare. Tennesseans demand smart & moral representation.
what about correcting what is broken in the individual market rather than throwing what is working away???
We asked: #KeepUsCovered. But Senate health bill won’t do that. Vote NO
It's not this bill or nothing. Write a bill that covers more people not less. If you are proud of this bill come home and sell it. Town hall
He will not do that, because he knows we will not buy it.
Not all your constituents are under-educated.  We now have a mission to help those who are and expose the way you dupe them.  Shame on you.
This is a bad bill and you know it! Vote NO on this healthcare bill. Fix the ACA. Quit taking big donations from big Pharm. Work for Us.
"current law that leaves 162,000 Tennesseans who make less than $12,000 a year without aid to buy insurance.." 
Im no rocket scientist, but wouldn't Medicaid Expansion um....aid them??
More insureds more insurance companies in the market, more choices, competitive rates, lower premiums, more insured
And it's not about what you think, it's about what your constituents think. What is wrong with you??
You are such a disappointment toTennessee! You have let the orange Cheetah take over any common sense you have! It is so time for you to go!
VOTE NO! This will gut fundamental healthcare for millions of Americans for a tax break for billionaires. This is irresponsible governance.
Why does he care. He was recently reelected and if he runs again be reelected again. Same with Corker. TN is deep red and cares not.
TN is watching you Lamar! Vote no health care bill!
I'm so disgusted to have voted for you.
Yeah, you never should have, and come next election be sure to not make that same mistake.
No chance. Corker either.
That's not a statement, Senator. It's a cry for help.
@DLeonhardt specifically calls you & @SenBobCorker out in @nytimes. Your constituents don't want this bill. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/06/27/opinion/senate-health-insurance-obamacare-vote-cbo.html?referer=https://www.google.com/ …
If you support this bill you do not care at all for the people that voted for you!
If you vote in favor of this tax cut for the wealthy that screws over the rest of us I'll never vote for another Republican again.
You never should have voted for any of them to start with, they don't care about the regular people.
You misquote the CBO report. I bet you're depending on your supporters not to investigate your false statements, aren't you Senator?
"the alternative to this bill...leaves 162,000 Tennesseans who make less than $12,000a year without aid to buy insurance"(1) #TNLEG did this
Who do you think you're fooling with this statement?Tennesseans KNOW the legislature didn't pass Medicaid exp—resulting in these figures
Do you really think we can't see through this? Do you think we don't know how to connect your campaign contributions to your voting record?
You underestimate your fellow Tennesseans, Senator. We know your game.
SINGLE PAYER NOW
And why the hell do you think any Tennessean making < than $12K/year can afford ANY insurance? Live on $200/week and see how you do, Lamar.
You got that right. We should have a public option.
Did you read the part where the CBO estimates that the bill you helped craft in secret will cause 22 million to lose insurance, Lamar?
He doesn't care.
Vote NO!!! This bill is a disaster!  Your vote will be remembered!!!
Statement declined to address implications that TN's rural healthcare centers will likely be stressed & closed, elderly will have high prems
@SenAlexander 37405 here; not comforted by yr empty statement;we need affordable health care 4 a strong citizenry.Pls rep your constituents
It's important to remember that the current system isn't working because the clowns in our state legislature blocked medicaid expansion.
"Current law leaves 162,000 Tennesseans who make  less than $12K/yr without aid to buy insurance." But Medicaid expansion covers this case.
Nice weasel word statement that said nothing. Now, how are you going to help Tennesseans? Vote NO on AHCA.
3/ What were you smoking when you came up with those numbers?  ACA failing due to Congress/45 not funding it properly.
4/ You stated 350K would lose ins. under ACA. What about the 239K that lose under BRCA? And the 395K that lose Medicaid? Disgraceful!!!
Your statement in no way suggests that this bill will help those 350,000 Tennesseans.
I would like the opportunity to buy into the same policy you have. After all, you have it because of us.
Everytime I drive on Lamar Alexander Parkway I remind myself to vote against you.
You don't care what the CBO says, you got paid upwards of $200K to write it in secrecy! Don't pretend to care about the people here anymore.
Yeah, since it is abundantly obvious that he does NOT care.
So you're actually saying #repealandgofuckyourself. No mention of 22 mil Americans losing coverage by 2020 and cuts to Medicaid??? CUCK
