Have you looked at the Charter schools, & progress/Rate of Improvement, even I know the difference, Get foot out of your..,,
how much were you paid by the DeVos family?? Better enjoy these next 2 years.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/08/a-sobering-look-at-what-betsy-devos-did-to-education-in-michigan-and-what-she-might-do-as-secretary-of-education/?utm_term=.4dacbc67ec57 …
have you read the comments on @Medium article? Many are from your home state. Are you representing their interests or yours?
you're out of your ever-loving mind. How much did she donate to YOU?
try not to be obtuse. Under the private, unproven theories of @BetsyDeVos, public schools across the USA will suffer greatly.
You are turning into a mini Trump by touting these falsehoods!  Is the money you receive worth it to lie?
Completely unqualified, ignorant of edu law, i.e. IDEA. DeVos would kill opportunity for all, AmDream, and democracy. Shameful
wealthy have always had choices! Pulling $ from public schools doesn't help low-income kids, it makes them worse...#numbnuts
She doesn't understand the requirements of the job. Doesn't understand that the civil rights of students must be protected.
if she has done so great why all the push back?   #no experience.
no 2nd hearing is disgraceful. Obama's picks didn't need a 2nd as they could actually answer questions w/intelligence in 1st.
seriously? You are out of touch!!
Your capacity to believe this horse shit is beyond the pale. Get someone who is qualified! She's a mess.
No to DeVos
Lamar - how much did DeVos donate to your election? You should be ashamed.
Sen. Alexander. Please look at the facts. Charter schools do NOT create better results. de Vos stinks. Vote NO pls!
Would anyone have considered her without her $$$?  How much is your vote worth?  We'll be watching! #DumpDevos
@educatorsresist TRANSLATION: Few Americans have donated as much money to the GOP as Betsy DeVos has.
#DumpDevos
so disappointed.
so, buying a seat on the cabinet is how government works now? U don't listen to teachers and voters anymore. $$$ talks...
Betsy DeVos omitted $125,000 anti-union donation from disclosure form
https://midwest.edtrust.org/accountability-for-all/ …
at risk under @betsydevos are the many high performing public schools across America, as well as high quality IDEA providers.
You know this is a lie. You once cared about public education, now you want to send someone to gut it. Tragic.
Extremely disagree with you Senator you don't look at the #AmericansOfColor who are doing this without billions of dollars for OUR KIDS!!!
what has she done? Except talk? Vote. "No" there are better candidates than betsy-w/all due respect -@KennedyNation
this is not true. She is not helping she is harming the entire educator system. #voteNO on @BetsyDeVos
She's unqualified. I'm your constituent. Put our nation's children above your party's politics.
, @Lily_NEA and my fellow @NEAToday members are going to expect that friend of education award back. You should be ashamed
How could you be so out of touch? You don't have the smallest speck of concern for our American children.
Democrats don't need to "search" for a reason. "She's completely unqualified" is reason enough - and it's obvious!
You misspelled "...have done as LITTLE to help..." See? Education is important - and she won't help provide it.
I'm sorry but that is BS. The charter movement in Michigan is in horrible shape because of her. She is not qualified.
as a TN voter, I demand better than this for our children. Your re-election is not a guarantee. Listen to your constituents.
how much money did she donate to your campaign? #Corrupt just here for the money not the people
.@BetsyDeVos will destroy #publicschools plz listen 2 us & #DumpDevos .@BadassTeachersA R watching #TBATs
total and complete bs.

LOL! You are such a comedian, you are so funny!
You're dooming our children, sir. I know your time is coming to an end, but please don't do this to my children.
if u vote 4 DeVos we will B watching. u no she is not fit! if we can we will do everything we can 2 remove u from the senate.
I've voted for you in every election. I won't next time. This is pathetic. How much did she give to your campaign?
#listentoyourconstituents don't chide us. We're telling you NO on DeVos!!!
Seriously?! Try speaking with anyone involved in Michigan's public school system. Our children deserve better
But those schools don't work. Look at the facts.
This is disgraceful, sir. As a former Sec of Education yourself, have you no decency?  This woman isn't remotely qualified.
@TXparentsunion  No. Absolutely nothing indicates this is true.
she is not qualified for this position and every one knows this. Disappointed in you.
No second hearing? You are better than that.
As a resident of TN, may I suggest thank you gifts be sent, rather than appts given, for early Trump supporters? She's a joke
@TXparentsunion @Medium these are lies and vouchers don't work too serve low income students #comparingcollegetoK-12 #crazy
you mean paid you so much, right?
she is not right for the job. You know this. For once do right and vote NO. Give dems the second hearing!
you can't be serious?
a quick glance at Michigan's scholastic reports show the exact opposite. WE KNOW DeVos is a joke. Don't become one too sir.
you mean "helped" as in alternative facts? http://www.bravenewfilms.org/stopdevos 
#unqualified #DumpDeVos she knows nothing about federal law!
Her comments on the IDEA act are unacceptable. My disabled daughter deserves a decent education too. DeVos won't do that.
Talk to parents in Michigan. Look at what happened there. For the sake of "choice" ALL public schools suffered.
Why?  She has no qualifications to run the DoE.  She can't even write a grammatically correct sentence.
if she's so great, what SPECIFICALLY has she done?
Her only qualification is the millions of $ her family has given to Republicans. She's the poster child of Pay to Play
Her hearing was a joke. She was terrible.
Her ONLY reason for doing this is to promote her belief that the Dutch Christian Reform Church should bestow beliefs on youth
2/2 She is next best thing to having a Scientologist run our schools. Plus, she is totally unqualified for this position.
be better than this.
Sen Alexander I used to have great respect for you. here you deplete that down to almost zero. Sad
You are a disgrace.  This woman will get this position because of money not because of any experience.  Keep bowing to @POTUS

#spicerfacts. As farcically untrue as the last time you posted this.  DeVos is a corrupt Robber Baron. the Gordon Gecko of Ed.
r u fucking serious ... other than increase your campaign money .. #Devos has done nothing for education
