Please vote no to Graham Cassidy and have both a bipartisan effort. It is a good start. You and Patty Murray deserve a hearing.
@SenAlexander works for 1 month&gives up to yankee billionaire.WTG.#TNStrong says thanks for nothing.No Healthcare for Smokey Mtns  2018.
And we won't forget WHO is sabotaging the ACA.
Keep up the work with Senators Murray and Collins, get a bipartisan bill put together. This will go well and far with the American people
Stand against ugly threats of #WhiteHouse. Protect most vulnerable. Save Medicaid. Pushing Grannie off health care is nothing 2 be proud of.
Please vote no on the repeal you have a golden plan we deserve the same do the right thing. VOTE NO
Americans deserve stable bipartisan affordable healthcare, not bad bills rammed through! Please do what's right: Vote NO on GraCas! Please
Please vote NO on ruining health care for over 30.0 million people. Several people in my family are only alive right now because of ACA.
@realDonaldTrump continues to LIE, SABOTAGE ACA & BLACKMAIL @lisamurkowski . STAND w/ @SenMcCain & Back go work!
Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy. I want to hear more on the bipartisan work of Alexander and Murray please.
You gave up too soon; talk to @PattyMurray; doctors, hospitals, and health plans urge #GrahamCassidyBill rejection
Go back to Bi-PARTISAN work with @PattyMurray & stand up for @realDonaldTrump SCAM to feed his OWN EGO! AMERICANS will HURT & DIE!
#GrahamCassidy is dangerous for the people of TN and all Americans. We need a bipartisan fix to the ACA. Do what's right not what Kochs want
Sometimes the house is too far gone and you can't save it.  Let Obamacare implode!  Dimms own it, not Republicans.
Now that #GrahamCassidy is dead, can you get back to work with your Democratic colleagues on stabilizing the insurance markets?
Vote No! Bipartisan is the only way to go. Please keep working for that goal. Remember, you're vote counts for ALL Americans. #GrahamCassidy
Federal government has no business being in healthcare.  Give it back to the states!
Senator, you were doing the right thing. Don't let Graham-Cassidy dismantle the hard but correct work you were engaged in.
Wow less that one month!! Let me guess. It's the Republicans that won't budge. Can't lose all the $$ from extreme RW supporters yes?
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW PROUD YOU MAKE #TN TO SEE/HEAR YOUR NAME WITH @PattyMurray TO #FIXNOTNIX #ACA OMG BRAVO @NashvilleResist @RepCohen
NOW is the accepted time. You & Sen. Murray have put yourselves forward in an act of courage and goodwill and it's never too late. Godspeed!
Senator, are you still a "yes" on Graham-Cassidy? Can you explain?
After all this bipartisan effort, Senator, why would you support #GrahamCassidy? Disappointed in you.
please vote no to #GrahamCassidy then go back to work on a bipartisan solution to the problems with ACA.
I admire your work on a bipartisan health insurance plan. I believe this is the right path. You are a hero if you #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Stand with @SenJohnMcCain and do the right thing. It's time to move forward not backwards. Fix ACA.
Work harder, damn it. Don’t let Graham-Cassidy pass
This is absolutely infuriating. Despite what you may think, the vast majority of voters wants congress to find consensus.
Want to bet?
Sen it appears Graham/Cassidy is dead,vote NO also just to make sure and continue the work Americans want,a bipartisan healthcare bill.
Must have promised you a nice package..for making sure it won't work.
I want to thank your staffers for making time to listen to our concerns and their kindness!  This is Christopher with @LittleLobbyists
Every single medical organization in our country oppose the proposed bill.  We the people are begging you to act on behalf of your country
We thought there was hope that bipartisan efforts would work. How sad that it has failed!
@SenBobCorker Bipartisan is OK as long as you repeal and replace.  Obamacare is done!!
Return 2 bipartisan effort on healthcare, Senator. B bigger than most #GOP. Vote no on #GrahamCassidy
Vote NO on GrahamCassidy bill, and get back to work on bipartisan fix of health insurance.
The VAST majority WANT consensus, They WANT ACA stabilized while you ALL work together on improvements. We won't forget come election time.
@SenAlexander is already a wax statue...unlikely to run again. He'll do Mitch's bidding. Grand Oligarch Party.
Corruption and a sense of "Entitlement" is the name of the Republican party today. Sad..it used to be respectable. That's no longer the case
The current plan is embarrassing. Stand up for universal healthcare. Yes it will work USA can do anything better. You are pitiful
Please vote Yes! Ocare has been awful for our family.  We can't afford it! 13k ded & 1200/mth. We are uninsured now.  Vote YES!
Only in America, are mothers required, to beg Republicans, for the lives of their Children.
If you've forgotten what a hero is and the burden of history placed on your shoulders as well, look to @SenJohnMcCain Seize the opportunity.
VOTE AGAINST the heartless and cruel Republican Trumpcare bill.
Don't give up. The American people deserve better than Graham Cassidy.
your constituents are screaming at you to vote no.  You are supposed to vote the way THEY WANT YOU TO. do not forget that
Keep working on fixes for Obamacare. Vote No to Graham Cassidy.
Please please please vote no on cassidy graham...from memphis
 
I beg you mr alexander
please toss greed out the window and stand up for the american people and vote NO on this health care bill!
Please tell the story of how your party wouldn't let you pursue legislation that would benefit the American people. Be specific.
Please vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy bill. I am one of your constituents and a voter. Your office is currently not answering the phone. 4EST
NO on #GrahamCassidy. Leaves Americans uninsured, ends the ban on lifetime caps, charges more for pre-existing conditions. #ProblemSolvers
You better start swimming or you'll sink like a stone, for the times, they are a'changing. #nograhamcassidy
So what's the fall-back option? Supporting death for millions of Americans? Kill this stupid TrumpCare re-birth/after-birth. U R hurting us!
@SenBobCorker  @LindseyGrahamSC meet @JohnKasich Republican Nominee #2020 - an actual human with a backbone & soul. #GrahamCassidyNO #FixACA
TN & the USA are counting on you to VOTE NO on this terrible healthcare bill! What you decide to do will reflect at the polls!
Please vote NO on Cassidy-Graham Bill. Go for Medicare for all. At least work on improving ACA of now. We need your help!!!
Attempting to call your office. Phone busy. Hope Constituents. Please vote Against Cassidy/Graham bill. A Death Sentence.
Did you promise the voters of TN that you would vote to repeal Obamacare?
Thank you for the work you and Sen. Murray have done on stabilizing the 2018 premiums! I hope you'll decide against #GrahamCassidy:
Go back to bipartisan stabilization w/Sen. Murray. You know full well that Graham-Cassidy is an unmitigated disaster for USA. shameful!
"Stabilization" well that's a new word for death panel
We're teachers, & our HC premiums cost more than our house payment-in Williamson Co, no less. If Graham-Cassidy allows insurers to not 1/2
...cover prescriptions, our son's life-saving daily antibiotic will add $500/month. This constituent asks you vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
I've heard calling is more effective than tweeting. Do both! 202-224-4944
I'm re tweeting my support for you and God bless you and your family.
Senator Sir. I am making it a point to be Home by my tv to watch the show at 10:00am! Thank you for not backing down from the Donald.
#MAGA! Need access to doctors for sick parents & veterans! @SenAlexander @BobCorker they know #TN struggling #opioids #GrahamCassidyNO #ACA
Cowardly response to McConnell. You were working towards a good solution. You just blew your legacy.
You and Corker need to stop hiding.  The time is now to lead and stop the political pandering.  Please resist the politics
Please Sen Alexander, stop the politics for once and govern by the process.  The electorate deserve it
Do what's right for TN continue on the bipartisan course to fix ACA.  We need your voice and leadership now.  The Graham bill is no answer
Please vote to repeal obomacare this week. The working class can not afford 1,400 per mo premiums with 9,000 deductible. O-care hurts the...
Working class ppl. O-care mostly benefits the able bodied non working ppl.  Why would they get a job when gvt provides federal houseing.....
...welfare/food stamps, Medicaid. Only very rich or ppl on Medicaid can afford to go to the doctor. Please help the working class American..
...citizens and vote to repeal and replace obomacare like the republicans promised their voters they would. State grants can help uninsured.
Wow! So you tried for less than a month and then call it quits because your handlers want to repeal Obamacare again even if that kills many!
This is horrible and so is this bill! It is worse than the other attempts, will leave millions without care and millions more as time passes
Sen. Alexander, please don't repeal ACA, because it will cause me to lose my health insurance! #Pre-existing Conditions
There will not a full CBO score before a vote, that is not how the process is to work. The bill must be even worse than the last 3 tried.
Please vote no on the healthcare bill.  It will gut medicaid and hurt millions of people. Think about people not party.
why dont you support the Lick Act regarding horses, are you getting paid off
So much disappointment expressed on this thread. You can still do the right thing by voting "no" on #CassidyGraham.
NOT ONE DAMN GOOD THING HAS COME FROM THIS TRUMP DEBACLE. WE ARE SOOOOOO SCREWED.   OUR CONGRESS IS JUST WATCHING IT HAPPEN.
So @SenateMajLdr tells you to leave the bipartisan negotiation?  Do what’s right! Get back to the table. #GrahamCassidy
After talking w/ your office today re: HC, I went to Election commission & changed from Ind. to Dem. Graham Cassidy was deal breaker.
Reason: can't see any good reason to ever vote GOP again after party has thrown voters under bus for Koch bros dollars.
don't forget to read the new healthcare proposal!!!
We want a consensus bill.  Please keep working to get it right not just done quickly
If you could just put AMERICAN LIVES anead of partisanship and stand for your work with Murray...To much to ask? DIGNITY MATTERS!
oppose the graham-cassdy bill  and continue bipartisan efforts to fix Obamacare , Rand Paul said Bernie is better than the republican bill ,
SHAME ON YOU! You're not interested in bipartisanship or fixing anything. YOU CARE NOTHING ABOUT YOUR CONSTITUENTS!!
Send this old white guy home please. He doesn't care about Tennessee. He cares about politics with Mitch McConnell. We need to demand more
Lamarr Alexander is just another republican piece of shit. He closed down an effort to fix Obamacare for political reasons. Send him home
Repub healthcare, taking away healthcare from every man, woman, and child in ID, HI, ME, NH, RI, MT, DE, SD, AK, ND, VT, DC, WY, WV & NE
As one of your constituents, I am asking you to vote no on graham-cassidy. Then try harder to compromise
Vote no on the Graham Cassidy bill then work bipartisan to improve the affordable care act ACA
@SenAlexander WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO KILL A BIPARTISAN EFFORT TO FIX HEALTHCARE? BETTER THAN HORRID GOP BILL. ARE YOU BRAINDEAD?
Senator, your constituents can't reach you! Your DC phone is nonstop busy & your Nashville phone redirects to a full mailbox. Unacceptable!
Thank you, Senator Alexander. You're a good man. The Senate needs to keep the needs of the American people in mind. You know that.
We see you. You folded so your colleagues can kill ACA, & in the process, kill us & our children.
I am one of your constituents and I urge you to vote NO on the #GrahamCassidyBill. Stand up and protect the people of Tennessee.
This is terrible news.My faith that you would fight to protect our affordable healthcare . You do not serve Tennesseans now.
What made 32M Americans losing their healthcare justifiable-mostly sick kids w/ pre existing conditions, elderly  & poor? It's beyond cruel.
Failure to to stabilize 2018 premiums in the individual health insurance market is the GOP's fault....Vote NO on Trumpcare,
Anyone who believes bipartisan talks broke down and not that McConnell told Alexander to walk away is not good at knowing what to believe.
Keep trying please
Oh, great.  Giving up seems like a wonderful way to serve your constituency.  Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Thanks for trying to destroy the lives of millions of individual Americans by stepping back so the @GOP can try to repeal the ACA.

Very disappointed that you gave up on your constituents. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!! We deserve better!!
You think you won't pay a price for this but you will. Everywhere you go you will be spit on. I promise.
@BillCassidy responds to Jimmy Kimmel by doubling down on the dishonesty. VOTE NO ON #GrahamCassidy http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/graham-cassidy-jimmy-kimmel_us_59c2783ce4b0f22c4a8e0e8f?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 …
It has been 18h since your last post, are your hiding?  Your DC staffer just informed me that you will vote yes on the disgraceful GOP bill!
@SenAlexander ...so much for believing that real governing was possible #disappointed
@SenAlexander Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. @GOP tragically favors closed door partisan to bipartisan cooperation. Please force regular order.
I read your frustration between the lines. Trusting that 3 GOP senators #VoteNOGrahamCassidy and @GOPHELP @HELPCmteDems can get back to work
People can't buy groceries because you and Senator Murray can't agree on how to stabilize health care premiums.
There is no bipartisan. Vote NO on this terrible health bill. The backlash if you don't won't be good.
Sen Alexander please vote NO on the dangerous and deadly Graham Cassidy amendment!
You can continue to cover millions of Americans if universal health care is the goal!
Vote No on the Trumpcare bill. No debate, hearing or CBO. Kids, elderly, disabled are in your hands.Pray you make right choice. Thanks
You just wasted a whole bunch of time playing games with this "bipartisanship" crap. RESIGN NOW RINO!!! You're all fools!!!
I was disappointed to see you cancel this. I was hoping you could get our government back to something reasonable.
Very sad that you support the graham Cassidy bill.  You won't have my vote.
But a full debate, final @USCBOcostest and the extras we call "government" would be nice before we throw tens of millions out of coverage.
Such a shame that #CassidyGraham has to scuttle the bipartisan competition in order to succeed. I guess that tells us all we need to know!
Lame Alexander
You don't get a pat on the back for trying. NO PARTICIPATION TROPHIES, YA SNOWFLAKE!
#Tennessee will get #3BILLION MORE from GOP bill.  @SenAlexander does not care  https://www.democraticunderground.com/10141870042 
And it's one thing to give up on bipartisan bill, but you also sign on the ACA repeal? 
I know it's effects. Am MD.
Really concerned.
Not good enough, Senator. You did not deliver. If I treated my job this way, I would've been fired years ago.
Passing buck to our patients.
I applaud your effort.  Please demonstrate your compassion for citizens and vote against this newest, cruel version of Trumpu
This is your chance to make a lasting statement on what has otherwise been an unremarkable career. Be the statesman to oppose this bill.
Senator, keep working w/Sen. Murray to fix ACA. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.  #ProtectOurCare Do the right thing.
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. How could you support stripping away protection for those with pre-existing conditions?
Did it fall apart because Dems wouldn't let Americans die while GOP and insurers grow richer?
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Partisan hack U & L Graham talk a good game then fall in line and to the partisan walk. Party before country You sold us OUT.# SHAMEONYOU
It's all a show. Congress is already bipartisan. Dems and GOP agree to steal our money and increase their own power. They're ALL liars
RINO
This senator has always been out for himself. Probably a child rapist. Destroyed small business in his State. Constantly steals money
YOU WILL INCREASE MY INSURANCE BY $700 a month if YOU REPEAL ACA. WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS!
Please vote no to Graham-Cassidy!  It is not the answer!  Please keep trying to move ahead with bipartisan efforts!
You will stop stealing coverage from struggling innocents, or you will face a life of infamy for the rest of your days. Simple as that.
Very disappointing.  Fix ACA do NOT repeal.
Why in heaven's name were you trying to prop up Obamacare and have the GOP assume ownership of it? What all of you promised was repeal.
That is a lie - you were bullied into giving up. Such cowards in the Congress - you all must go.
My 7 year old daughter has epilepsy and needs you to vote no on #GrahamCassidyِ as do all of the most vulnerable citizens!
As a Tennessean I was proud of you for showing real courage on this. Sorry that didn't work. But don't vote for wretched Graham-Cassidy.
Lamar, Want to hurt HCA, CHS, LifePoint and QHC? Pass Graham-Cassidy. #TNHCDependsOnMedicaid
Oh, and that's not to mention the 1.4MM Tennesseans on TennCare. I assume that group is the last of your concerns.
Coward!

Why oh why can't you stand up and represent your constituents instead of caving in to McConnell or whoever?
And the misogynist old white men continue their war on women's health.  Women will suffer most under this new #deathcare bill
Cut the bullshit. You put party over country, once again.
Shame on  Republicans for refusing to work on a bipartisan solution. The Democrats are willing to work.
But I am confident we can reach a deal if we keep working together & I'm committed to that. 
 
My full statement: http://bit.ly/2fhYZoX  https://twitter.com/PattyMurray/status/910265861415604225 …
Pathetic! Caving into leaders looking to cut healthcare to millions. You are no hero, that's for sure! Coward!!
The American people demand that congress have the same healthcare that they propose for america!! That should be required!
Being bullied must not feel good. Vote no and say bipartisan efforts must prevail. Your last chance to save your honor. Lost cause? Or a man
Let's all help Mr. @SenAlexander to experience life without government supplied healthcare!   #ReplaceLamar
Did you decide the before Paul & Mitch shut it down?  How stupid do you think we are?  #DoYourJob
Just say it ...because of Cassidy - Graham bill is bipartisan hope killer.
Thank you for putting your party above the country and your constituents.
In other words, you were bullied. Shameful.
If that means that you are going to support the hateful Graham-Cassidy bill, you are not worthy of being in the Senate.
Statement says "I fold"- party told me to stop or my bipartisan efforts was a facade so my party could take HC away from 30m people. Fake.
How much did the GOP offer you for this false statement, Senator?
As a Tennessean I am disappointed by this and that you will vote for the Graham Cassidy bill that is being rushed without debate or CBO
No one buys what you're selling #Don'tLookNowButYourNoseIsGrowing
30k predicted per year killed by this healthcare bill or 13,333 dollars per murder (400 mil total) by Koch/@GOP
Vote no on G-C and keep working on bipartisan.
YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED COME ELECTION TIME, YOU ARE OUTA HERE!!!
Tennessee is watching, sir
I READ WHERE YOU HAD FAILED TO ACHIEVE ANYTHING, AND NOW WAS PUSHING THE HOUSE VERSION. JUST TO KILL OBAMACARE, NO MATTER THE CONSEQUENCES.
You are even weaker than I thought. Do you have a shred of dignity left? Vote "no" on Graham-Cassidy and hold firm for bipartisanship.
Appreciate your efforts toward bipartisan work. Americans would like Congress persons to work together in good faith on a bipartisan efforts
Please vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill.  It is not good for the American people.
So basically @SenAlexander you're saying your party can't do its job the right way, so let's ram a bad bill no one knows through 2 "win"?!
Shame, Senator. You know this is wrong. Continue working to improve our insurance. Vote no on GrahamCassidy and get back to work!
Shame on you.
