how much money did Devos give you and Kelsey ? She bought your votes for sure. Devos unqualified.
Are you freaking nuts? She couldn't even get a substitute job or assistants.
Such a great day for our children and education as a whole. Don't mind the vocal minority. 
what hole in the sand did you just pull your head out of to speak such delusions.
by "highly qualified" u mean "highest bidder" FU & @BobCorker to our future: too stupid to vote u out
Way to suck up to billionaire donor. Embarrassed by my UT degree because of your association with university.
on what planet?
liar
Yes, she is
Knows nothing about education. You don't know that as your comprehension skills are nonexistent
stop stop stop!!! You failed us all, we are aware, don't rub it in!
LIAR!!!!!!!
why is she highly qualified? Because she and her family donated millions to the GOP?
Highly qualified?!? Hahaha! Hahaha! Haha! Hahaha! Haha! Hahaha! Hahaha! Hahaha! Haha! Hahaha! Haha!
On what planet do you call that qualified?!
@DougKievit
another politician on the take supporting another politician on the take. Seems legit.
you're embarrassing yourself. She has zero public school experience. She's rich and donated to many of you. #SHAME #noDevos
Retweeting other right wing nuts is not convincing anyone. We will remember you ignored citizens.
DeVos gives us control over education which is being mismanaged by teachers union
the end of public education is a step toward fascism.
Betsy DeVos has no experience in education or working with kids.
NO! Why are you ignoring the people who voted for you? Where is your integrity? #DumpDeVos
We at #ResistTN thank you for the best enrollment campaign to date.  So many GOPs joined us.
Betsy DeVos is not qualified to be education secretary.
America would be kickass if the  Department of Education was elminated.
yeah cause think of all those great nations wo great public schools... oh.
her brother is BLACKWATER mercenaries. ...this is the worst. Shame
We need @BetsyDeVos as ed. sec.  Majority of Tennesseeans agree with this decision.
"her heart in" "experts will help her" doesn't sound like qualifications. Having a political agenda isn't qualifying.
No on DeVos!  From a voting Tennesseean!
Senator Alexander: making Tennesseans less proud every single day. #noDevos
how much $$ did her family contribute to your campaign/you?
. @SenAlexander @BrianKelsey you are both WRONG.
vote NO on DeVos!
Do you mean she is qualified because she has lots of money?  I would say yes.  Sir this speaks
volumes to your ethics.
Explain the term highly qualified?  In what terms are you saying this since she has no qualifications
Detroit Free Press opposes DeVos #VoteNoDevos
SPLC & 250 civil&education groups oppose DeVos
unequal accountability and loss of funds has not improved local public schools #behonest#VoteNoDevos
He's on her payroll, so no, I won't believe a word he says. http://mcfn.org/node/6043/devos-family-made-14-million-in-political-contributions-in-the-last-2-years-alone … #DumpDevos
I notice she's a fan of Thomas Jefferson, the great man less known for being a genocidal racist.
makes sense. She will probably have no problem sweeping low income and minorities under the rug...
WE IN TN SAY NO NO NO NO #NODEVOS #NOALEXANDER
listen to the people who know education. She is completely unqualified! Support children #DumpDevos
no she's not. She's horrible.
She couldn't find a school if you dropped her off right out front.
She is a lobbyist not and educator.So you take the money she paid you off with and screw the American children.
NO to DeVos!
#ConfirmDeVos
I am a Tennessee resident & I am AGAINST DeVos. I imagine you don't care but I'm making myself heard
She is most definitely not qualified. Billionaire =/= Qualified. Sorry. #noDevos
.@SenAlexander @BrianKelsey @Tennessean #DeVos is one of the most cynical secretary picks in modern history. GOP is hurting their brand.
There are currently 66 comments on this thread from constituents apposing #devos. Your motivations are clear.
doesn't your state rank low for your educational system? 36th right, in 2016. Hmmm
Her ability to write legislation qualifies her to be in charge of DOE?  Absolutely crazy!!
Please, sir, define "highly qualified."
But Tennessee tax payers say no.
An other paid moron nice to be bought by the Mafia
But she’s NOT qualified to run public schools. She’s qualified to throw money at things in the name of Jesus. #NotoDeVos
Actually, I am more qualified than Ms. DeVos.  OPPOSE BETSY DEVOS for the sake of our kids.
You are delusional.  How much $$ did it take to buy your vote?
you must have bumped your head what was that ?
Based on her experience growing up in, volunteering for or advocating for public schools? or for $200m to GOP. @BrianKelsey
This is the one thing that seems to be uniting democrats and republicans NO ONE wants her!
If any of you think you can do better than Betty then it's time to start donating! 10mil for sec pos. In 2020 #$$$
if by qualified you mean she knows absolutely nothing but has given GOP lots of money....
nice rec. from guy who sold his school system out to TFA.
that is the biggest bunch of bullshit. She lack as much experience as you lack dignity for accepting her money.
I was moving my family to tennessee in march to get my children a better education! NO TO DEVOS!
She is NOT qualified at all. KEEP Billionaires away from education.
Ask him what all the folks showing up last Monday and yesterday think about her.
UR using ALTERNATIVE FACTS...#BetsyDevos is a proven failure.
She is not an educator.
She is not REMOTELY qualified. A potato is equally qualified.
I pledge here and now to donate to your opponent's campaign in 2020 because you ignored the will of your constituents.
you should be ashamed.Public education is massively important to our future. We will not forget u chose to gut ot
Do your job and put the people and children of TN first. Vote no on Devos!!!
she failed charter schools already, no she is not qualified.STOP ALTERNATIVE FACTS
shame on all of you for putting politics and $$ over our kids.
Research @neurocore the bogus treatment system she takes in millions defrauding Americans
Not qualified at all. This is absolutely disturbing.
READ what DeVos did in MI. Diverting $1 billion/yr does NOT suport public ed. Vote NO. http://tiny.cc/vgv1iy 
NO!!! A complete capitulation from your responsibilities to vote as and on behalf of your constituents' voice. =(
Never seen "heart" on a resume. she is UNQUALIFIED. Period.
*wholly unqualified
You have received unprecedented and near unanimous opposition from your constituents to this decision. We will remember this.
laughable. Seriously Lamar, you were once a good man. Now  embarrassed to have voted for you.
resume or CV would determine qualification. Not ambitious politicians whose support has been bought.
as your constituent, would you mind outlining for me what qualifies her? I tried to reach your office
but what about what your constituents think?
An exceptionally wealthy financial donor who has advocated for school choice isn't the best choice.
Your post is met with considerable skepticism.   DeVos has no mentionable experience. #NoonDeVos
- have you lost your minds? No, she is not highly qualified. She is just rich. Vote no - period!
Good for him. It's your job to listen to voters, we say #NoDeVos, you know it
"deep education policy experience" my ass. The only thing deep is her pockets and you all know it.
Dude, we get it. You're going to screw over your constituents to toe the party line. Stop rubbing our noses in it
listen to the people of Tennessee and vote no! I am so disappointed in you.Trump has found his rubber stamp.
Future generations of Tennesseans won't be able to read thanks to your disgraceful support of DeVos. We said no.
This is an opinion piece and he doesn't back up any of his claims of "helping"! Give us proof! No DeVos!
The citizens of TN will make sure you are no longer elected to represent us. You fail to represent TN
She Plagiarized and she is a bigot+she also has connections to Russia.
.@SenAlexander by "she has provided me & others in TN w policy expertise" does @BrianKelsey actually mean "w campaign contributions"?
you don't get to write this w/o also saying how much $$ she's given to you.
Her only qualifications is donating to the Republican party. Republicans only care about $$$$$
Has she any teaching experience? No. We're done arguing. Next. Don't expect us to vote for you, senator.
How much money did she give you guys?
unfit if you vote yes.
listen to us.  We hired you to represent US not the PRESIDENT. She is unfit.  We will consider you...
Oh sure. Sure. By the way literally thousands of your constituents have been begging you to vote no.
but what are your constituents saying?
