Socialized medicine fails period! #FullRepeal and NO! to AHCA! 2 much gov't overreach is bad for US! #UnitedForFreedom!
Venezuela had best economy in South America. Their gov't went socialist. Now they're starving. EU is upsidedown right now b/c of socialism.
I am a constituent and I have pre-existing conditions. Access to insurance is not good enough. Must good & affordable.
The Constitution does not give the government ANY authority over health care whatsoever. #FullRepeal like we were promised #UnitedForFreedom
I'll write the text for you: "The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is hereby repealed in full."  Easy enough.  #FullRepeal
We're onto you. #TNtownhall
Please shore up the ACA. This is HEALTHCARE for the country, not a tax cut! The money needs to stay in! You can help, or you can hurt!
We cannot go backwards on affordable insurance. We are thought of as a poor state and that will surely make us one.
No trump or Obama care!  Free market only! Repeal totally as promised!  #UnitedForFreedom!
I NOTICE, IN YOUR LAST SENTANCE YOU DIDNT USE THE WORD AFFORDABLE INDESCRIBING THE INSURANCE AVAILABLE PEOPLE WTH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS.
Your working group for insurance includes no women. This is unacceptable since almost all women fall under your pre-existing conditions.

You cannot cut healthcare benefits for a tax cut for rich. #WeVote #DumpTrumpcare You know it is wrong and stupid in long run.
Charging folks 50-64 higher premiums is cruel and wrong. We are on small fixed income w/pre-exist cond. and must have insur. Or die. #DumpIt
#FullRepeal as promised every root & branch of Ocare. Get the IRS & NSA out of our HC
#FullRepeal Keep the government out of my health care.
Access to AFFORDABLE insurance is the key. And NO CUTS to Medicaid is mandatory for people in the disability community.
Prescription drug coverage is mandatory as are most of the 10 Essential Benefits of Obamacare. Don't screw us for a tax break for rich.
I have pre-existing conditions in a 1 income family. It is difficult to make ends meet and you cannot make things worse. We vote.
YOU DO KNOW THAT ACCESS FOR PRE-EXISTING STUFF INCLUDES HAVING $'S TO PAY PREMIUMS & DEDUCTABLES & STILL EAT & LIVE INDOORS! SIMPLE CONCEPT!
@batterman_terri SenManchin on news Re:he wants 2help Rep w HC bill Call him&other mods out&ask him 2get involved&we'll see his sincerity
Ask a woman to join your committee! You need a female's perspective! If not, just call it the young white male healthcare act.
The ones who end up paying the price and dying for it is the poor the sick and then uninsurable
The heartless Congress past this mess to you if you pass this bill you're passing this mess the states everyone's going to Kick the Can
People with pre-existing conditions either from birth or hard work over a lot of years can't afford to pay outrageous premiums
Having access to healthcare and being able to forward that access to healthcare is two different things.
Mr. Alexander we need to expand Medicaid shut it down you say you want to give control back to States but at the same time to cut funding
Well this leaves TN out since our pantywaist Gov and legislators did not expand Medicaid
Can we count on you to torpedo this nonsensical approach to healthcare reform in the Senate bill?
Patients in need, you constituents, are watching what you do and how you vote on TRUMPcare. No smoke and mirrors like House!
lest we forget:In 94 TN almost went bankrupt with a special waver until it cut for all but needy in 04 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/TennCare 
@GOPHELP - no caps on healthcare Bill for pre conditions !
Mat 25:45    CHRISTIANS are watching. Christians, VOTE.
High risk pools do not help those with PECs- please remember that.
Thank you for this- yet please ensure Not just access to coverage for those with PECs but Affordable coverage!
Repeal & don't replace PPACA. Can't insure sick people. To care for uninsurable sick people is welfare, treat as such.
Why No women on the panel? Access is not guarantee! @McConnellPress @senrobportman
Best things you can do 1) all of congres goes on health plan 2) insurance across state lines 3) congressional TERM LIMITS in 2018
We are watching you, don't forget who you work for! being a woman shouldn't be considered a pre-existing condition!
You really hate Americans, don't you, Senator? Your support of this dismantling of the safetynet that so many depend on is disgusting. SHAME
Don't forget us who struggle on Medicare.
I am so prayerful that you'll handle the benefits provided to our mentally-ill to protect us from brainless states like CA.  My son is MI.
Health Care Bill Sucks! Vote No!!
"I congratulate the House on passage of a bill that achieves NONE of the my too stingy goals for a healthcare bill."-Dumbass Lamar Alexander
It sickens me to tell anyone that your my rep.
Shame on you,freshen up your resume
You want to include those with pre-existing conditions yet you're supporting a bill that takes that away from nearly 1/5th of Americans.
Translation: I congratulate Ryan on figuring out how to do his job, even if poorly. I will ignore their bill and work on tweaking Obamacare.
We want the same health plan you have.
If you pass this bill, as a rape survivor, I'll lose healthcare. My rapist won't. And you won't have a place in the Senate any longer.
Senator: We in TN R reeling fr what GOP did yesterday. Be a man & Just keep ACA. Millions gonna lose health care, incl me & many angry TN's!
Add to this "remembering the middle class and the poor" and "having a heart."
Soooo you voted to restrict preexisting conditions bc you want ppl with preexisting conditions to have access to healthcare??Makes sense...
8 but I'm just letting this out so I can say I said what's on my mind
7 and I can bet $ you're not reading this, just some pee-on intern (holla, I've been there, keep ur chin up)
6 YOU MIGHT THINK WERE A BUNCH OF REDNECKS but we're a diverse, hardworking, people that can ORGANIZE and take you outta office!
5 AND DON'T EVEN GET ME STARTED ON EDUCATION, I'LL SAVE THAT DISCUSSION FOR LATER...
4 I miss my family and I'm proud of my Tennessee roots but I cite POLITICIANS LIKE YOU as the reason why RIGHTS ARE BEING STRIPPED AWAY.
3 And now this bill is on the SENATE floor where GOP members are supporting this bill; you're going to throw all Americans under the bus.
2 I worked 15 hours/day so I could leave for a better life. It wasn't me leaving Mexico, it was me leaving YOUR STATE that YOU represent
1 I left Tenn and moved to a blue state bc I was tired of seeing GOP greed in the local govt. The rest of my fam doesn't have that privilege
"Access" is not "coverage" if it isn't "affordable". #IAmAPreexistingCondition with a LGHP. Help me help myself!!!
You disgust us. This is 2017 not 1871. Maintain ACA and focus on North Korea, Russia, pollution, jobs. We will cut your funding if yes vote!
Why don't you guys just give everybody the same insurance and rates that y'all have? This list of pre existing conditions is ridiculous!
2018 is coming fast! We will remember! Your party will lose!
I am a real person and the people tweeting are real people as well. You are taking our dignity and the social contract we made with the gov
Already called your office to explain all the ways #AHCA completely fails to accomplish these things. Look frwd to voting you out of office!
We have rights, and we will demand them
Why are you doing this to the American people?
I want to have kids, I want to live a long life as a result of preventative healthcare. How is this done under the #AHCA ?
If we die, how can we keep lining your pockets?
It's been 24 hours and this tweet received more negative comments than likes. Get real, Senator. We know what's up
This punishes the sick and elderly. Mostly helping the top 1%  and FYI: being a woman should not be considered a pre-existing condition.
Meaning we could have to pay much more out of pocket, even if insured by an employer.
Premiums may go down 10% over a 10 yr period. But this bill allows much much less coverage.
"Giving states flexibility on the Medicaid program"!?!? How is cutting billions of dollars from Medicaid give flexibility?
Americans are counting on you to provide equal access to comprehensive care. No matter income, race, health. Act justly. Thx
Please start with one big risk pool instead of segregating risk. Build the marketplace, not dismantle it. Do not reduce existing coverage
you were quoted by @CNN
@SenAlexander You forgot the part about penalizing women for being women!
In other words: Thanks @MarshaBlackburn. Bless your heart. We'll take it from here...
You cannot polish a t*rd, Sir. Please listen to your TN constituents. Access and Affordability are fundamental to care. Do the right thing.
Shame Shame Shame Shame Shame Shame Shame
amazing, never heard those points when you were running for office
You won't run next term. You will not lose the ghosts that will be made THIS term.
Know any friends-most importantly constituents with disabilities? Autism spectrum? Add/ADHD? MS? Cancer?
you were elected to represent your constituents not your party and your pockets. #cantwaittovoteagainstyou
Read: this bill sucks.
PLUS  Maryville City Schools got you to the Senate. Charters?? DeVoss?? Longitudinal evidence.
Have a get-together with us. Your people. Do NOT vote without us
Did you even read the bill?? Seriously did you read the bill?? Will this really help people in Tennessee??? #shameonyou #out2018
I grew up in West Millers Cove lots of summers. You represent US.
Retirement for you won't be comfy when our county hurts by your lack of compassion.
YOUR plan may kill your voters? Your constituents? You can't hide in my backyard when you retire.
You ultimately have to care about us. Please do not vote for this health plan.
When are you going to hold some town halls so you can discuss it with voters face to face? #IAmAPrexistingCondition
Access and affordable access are two very different things. You can't claim to be prolife if you intend on bankrupting families.
I hope this is true Senator.  Your House brethren have proven to be craven lapdogs of the rich and corporations, throwing us under the bus
Damn shows how much ppl mean to this guy. Supports genocide
Bad news. The bill does the opposite of all of your goals.
Oh, I read it. Now, we need you to quit serving your party and your donors. Work for Tennesseans who need EHB and pre-existing coverage.
We live in terrible, frightening times now. An evil Demagogue Traitor leads,  the GOP Leaders follow panting  for dirty money.
This GOP bill is an evil abomination that will result in the death of millions of hard-working Americans. We see you!
You are a sick man...with good healthcare.    Shame on you.
By punishing the poor and sick, @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker and @RepChuck prove they are pro-profit & pro-party, but NOT pro-life. #StopAHCA
Governor Has been failed Tennesseans by not expanding Medicaid and you will fail us by this action. Shame on you and Governor Has been! Burn
I am a Tennessean who is a cancer survivor. Vote no on the health care bill for those of us with pre-existing conditions.
Keep those goals in the forefront of your mind and heart, Senstor--the AHCA the House is sending you supports none of them. We are watching.
Apparently you want to take away my insurance & let me die. Thanks my senator!
#remember #resist #VoteThemOut
You are are supporting allowing people to die because of 'pre-existing conditions ' & you voted TO EXEMPT YOUR OWN INSURANCE FROM THIS BILL.
Access is irrelevant if it's not affordable. The AHCA is an abomination that cuts Medicaid by $839B in order to reduce taxes for the top 2%.
2020 will be here before you know it. Remember that if you vote to mess over your constituents.
Who do Shriners, St. Jude hospitals, Ronald McDonald, religious charities, online fund raisers help?
I am sure you will follow POTUS orders - and put GOP goals ahead of people's needs. You congratulate the House? Should be ashamed!
Access to healthcare can't leave patient at the mercy of insurance companiesbwho will price gouge them out of coverage. Affordable care!
I am one of your constituents who is against this  new bill which was rushed through without a CBO score.We are watching!
ACA is collapsing in TN and other states who chose to not join the while market and expand medicaid. TN legislature and Gov failed on this.
Please listen to #iamapreexistingcondition, Senator. Lives are at stake. Your Senate seat, too, I suppose.
Thank you. Affordable premiums are essential.
Sir, you don't get it, do you? It's about people, not party. Start taking care of TN residents. Access doesn't mean affordable.
Well, I see your statement to make it better was BS. Hope you enjoy your last term. You do NOT care for the American people.
I don't see how making 24 million ppl lose their insurance right away helps
Why repeal the whole thing when you can just fix what we have?
Why do we have to punish the poor and sick?
My brother has Crohn's and my mom is planning to retire--will they be ok??
I lived in TN for 23 years and my fam has been there for hundreds. Don't make us go through this.
Please stop lying. Congress is the reason the ACA is collapsing this very day.
Access does not equal affordability! The #AHCA will kill people with pre-existing conditions. Do not support it!
'Access' isn't coverage Senator.
, having access and being able to afford it are totally different things Senator
People have had enough, we will vote out all trumpcare supporters in 2018
Sir, I thought the Republican Party wanted "govt out of the HC/insurance business?" Is the GOP no longer for smaller, less bloated govt?
Access doesn't equal affordable.
Read this: https://twitter.com/VABVOX/status/860090289180073984 … Then read this: https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/how-marco-rubio-is-quietly-killing-obamacare/2015/12/14/c706849a-a275-11e5-b53d-972e2751f433_story.html … Then: https://twitter.com/SteveRattner/status/859831561205755904 … Finally:
Under this amendment, here are est hikes in premiums for ppl w/:
Asthma: $4k
Diabetes: $5.5k…
Great idea tell us how you will do it without causing harm to Americans? Low premiums with high deductibles and poor coverage is not better.
state GOP could've done #1 at any point
Please read the bill, wait for CBO & don't kill us all with #preexistingconditions 
If it's not good enough for you & yours...
Those with preexisting conditions having access to insurance is not the same as having access to affordable insurance, keep that in mind
