423-752-5337 CALL SEN. ALEXANDER AND REQUIRE A 2ND HEARING!!!!!!!!! Her charter schools are failing in MI. If she was on
our children's side, she would concede that Charter schools are a failing system. Sometimes you have to make concessions when
it's in our children's best interest even when it's not what we previously thought...
please vote republican
If she has nothing to hide, why not another day of hearings?
She is on the side of making Charter companies more money. And you have joined her in that work.
Have you no balls? L
Not liking what I see. DeVos is hazy on issues & WRONG saying children w/ disabilities act is states’ issue. #FactsTrumpFears
Lamar ,you know better than this. Why can't you for once stand up for what's right.? Your mother would be so sad.
her stand that the states should be able to opt out of the IDEA endangers our most vulnerable citizens. #IKnowTeaching
she has absolutely no experience with public schools, education theory, not to mention backwards views on civil rights. Shame!
#partybeforecountry AGAIN. And this time its #moneybeforechildren
I used to have so much respect for you. That died yesterday with your partisan support of the criminally unqualified DeVos.
I'm a Tennessee teacher. How can DeVos be for all the children when she has no idea of what public education experiences?
Follow the $$$ that's the key to Ms. DeVos' qualifications. Wake up.
She does not know basic educational jargon, is ignorant of the laws concerning the disabled, and admits to pay for play.
She has never been a teacher, a para, a principal - Christ, she's never been a lunch lady. Is everything for sale in DC?
We ALL on children side. She is totally unqualified!! I have as much experience as she does!! What Bullshit!! GOP sucks!!
you must have an agenda other than education. She was a disaster when asked the questions that matter most! NO confirmation.
whose children?? Oh, right, YOURS. The rich ones. 
too bad America's schools, teachers, and students aren't as lucky #filltheswamp
You seem like a tired old man with no fight left in you. Stand up and do what is wright. Say no to DeVos!!!
she is not in the side of all of our children. #voteNO on @BetsyDeVos
Nothing has made me regret working for you as much as your support for @BetsyDeVos
I can think of a billion rea$on$ why you think she is qualified. #resist #DumpDevos
where is the proof? Boo! #shame #followthemoney
HOW?
our teachers, families and students deserve better than this. And you know it.
Sir, do you really believe that someone without a teaching degree should be Sec. of Ed.?
when? Her collection agency go after student loans.
NO billionaire could understand what is it like for children in public school, the situations & politics within.
how can you say that, bears and won't protect OUR disabled children? You sir are embarrassing while taking her millions.
Way didn't one of you talk about her educator experience when you introduced her? BECAUSE SHE HAS NONE! #DumpDeVos #notqualified
Are you kidding?  She can't even answer simple teacher interview questions.  Just shameful!
"Fortunate" is indeed the furthest thing that we are with her nomination. What a shame!
Would be nice to bring history and civics back into education. End the Dept of Ed.
so how much did she pay you?
What a liar you are!!  I hope you get primaried.
As a Tennessee educator, I respectfully disagree. I don't see anything to be fortunate about with DeVos.
Not a single comment of support here from your constituents for DeVos! Separate church & state! No public $ to private schools
She's not on *my* children's side. They go to public school: an excellent school that loses funds to sub-par charter schools.
It's a sad day when you realize your senator has put his party before his constituents. My kids deserve better
Quisling
Unfortunately we are not fortunate; she doesn't know federal laws. She doesn't believe all schools need be equally accountable
Tonight Betsy DeVos showed she does not have a grasp of Federal education laws or regulations.
all you have to do is check out how her plan went in Michigan!
Wrong! She will distroy our public schools while making her rich friends richer. Is that what you want?
So many others that could have been chosen to lead our schools. Your choice. Not ours!
shame on you, sir.
Your ethics have withered on the vine with DeVos. You are making yourself look very bad by not allowing additional questions.
how much has she given to you over the years?
Sir, she has never attended a public school and supports private education. We need a leader who  supports public education.
Please put #ChildrenOverProfits. Please RESPECT the 1st Amendment. #DumpDevos
Her charter school experiments have been rousing failures. Our children deserve better. #TNVoter
I don't know about that. From what I have read she seems to be agains t public ed.  #fullyvet #askateacher
as your constituent I am disappointed you are supporting such a poor nominee. No experience. No interest in public education.
How can U, of all people, advocate 4 someone who has no education experience, & interfere with the questioning process. #Shame
if your children are rich, white, and christian.
So she bought you too?
spend $$ on improving public school not funding charters
if you support this woman, you should be stripped of ANY awards given to you by public schools!! So disgraceful!  Shame on u
she is not nor ever has been on the side of pub ed children. Especially special education. Look at damage  done in MI. 5 min?
through defunding public education? tell that to the students in Michigan #DumpDevos
She has worked to destroy public education in her own state w/ devastating results. Not qualified like all of Trump's choices.
She has no experience as an educator! Why aren't you allowing questions to continue?
How is that possible when she has NO experience with PUBLIC education? Didn't even send her own kids to our schools.
You're a liar and coward. Why only 5 minutes of questions per Sen? What are you scared of? What don't you want Betsy to say?
Says that charter schools in Detroit have adequate accountability measures.  Hogwash - follow the money.
really?? How? She is billionaire whonever attended pub school.Her kids didnt attend pubschool.  Shes neverworked n pubschools.
As long as it makes her money, at least.
Did her family start paying you bribes when you were Gov or just since u bc Senator
"FAIR"?! I hope dems are obstructionist as shit.
Lurking on our kids side, waiting to strip their public funds
Absolutely wrong choice- she advocates for education policies that fail students and communities.
you're a Christian? Haha how's Doss a true Christian have a billion dollars? What would Jesus say to her ?
Extremely disappointed in your support and conduct. She has zero experience with or respect for public education. #TNVoter
if your kids attended TN public school or your wife worked in TN public school you wouldn't say that. We deserve better sir.
She is on the side of white, Christian kids. I see  you. I see your soul. I see that you want to rape the public schools.
. Hey thanks for running such an unfair hearing. Really looking out for USA, NOT @thegarbagetrump @Lawrence
I respectfully disagree. Betsy DeVos does not support public education. Support our future. Support PUBLIC EDUCATION!
Our children's education is only worth 5 mins of questioning per person? What a disgrace! Shame! Shame! Shame!
No. This is not true. She should be voted down.
How much can one find out in five minutes?
why are you shutting down questioning? She has questions to answer
If she's so stellar, let the Senate ask their questions. Don't hide behind the cloak of 'patriot' when you pull this stuff.
what's with the time limit on DeVos hearing? Others have gone for days. American children deserve full vetting.
Here is the FEC form for #DeVosHearing PAC contribution to Alexander 
http://docquery.fec.gov/cgi-bin/fecimg/?201601059004433914 …
if you're in favor of her there's gotta be something corrupt about her
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/06/29/us/for-detroits-children-more-school-choice-but-not-better-schools.html?smid=fb-shar&referer= … THIS is a DIRECT result of her policies. She's pro business. These kids are not fortunate.
TN gonna be famous again for backing religious nut in guise of "education".
This woman is a disgrace. She didn't even prepare! #countryfirst
Wow! She must've put a lotta zeros on your check!
as long as you go to a private school* fify
You must mean the "rich" children!!!!
Nobody is fortunate. Jesus. Fight for our kids. This is a disgrace!
