be good for our state lower the boom on this nut - you know he's not of sound mind - man up and do the deed
So basically Tennesseans will be screwed one way or the other. Not only do they need access to health care,they need to be able to afford it
AND, 1,077,900 will have zero insurance if TrumpCare replaces ACA. BUT, GOAL, Tax cuts for your WEALTHY OWNERS!
Several million won't have any w/ your plan. All Congressional insurance benefits & pension should be repealed.
need single payer not tax enrichment for the wealthy, and destroying Medicare in the process.
the Trump or Ryan health plan is not acceptable at all--try again
Then why can't you Republicans just work with the Democrats to fix what is wrong with the ACA?
Your AHCA alternative is far worse. Also, the words "honor" and Andrew Jackson do not belong in the same sentence.
I agree.  We need to act and get some new state senators.
As opposed to hundreds of thousands more not having insurance if TrumpCare is enacted. Your tweets are idiotic
- Repeal.  No replace.  My family of voters are watching you.
As compared to 24 Million?! How's that going to Insure TN. U r supposed to support small business owners not sabotage us
If you really cared about those Tennesseans healthcare, you wouldn't repeal or replace ACA
Citizens in Tennessee can have free market solutions & programs 4 citizens in need. No RINOCare, @SenateMajLdr
then fix the ACA!
Far more Tennesseans will lose health coverage if the current "bill" is passed. #dishonest #FIXTHEACA
Then put your politics aside and get to work! Work with Democrats and Republicans and fix the Affordable Care Act
@SenateMajLdr @Tennessean
Then why did the CBO report say that the ACA was stable?
#AmericanHealthCareAct scare tactics to hurry it thru to put money in pockets of wealthy and leave poor uninsured
@matihargrove #FullRepeal We want gvt out of HC and back in the hands of private enterprise. That's how R's got all branches
Then vote to release the #ACA funds that @GOP has been denying ACA out of sheer spite and vindictiveness.
Change the rules of the senate to allow for the combination of steps 1,2,&3 of the AHCA.
@SenateMajLdr And millions will be hurt by AHCA. Shame on you. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
The ACA works. If fewer people end up with health care, or even one person dies b/c of that, it's on YOU.
the gop has created a terrible replacement,  should have tweaked the ACA like real statesmen would do.
@SenateMajLdr @Tennessean But if they act without good  judgement, the people it will be worse off.
Perhaps you could have a town hall meeting with your constituents. Explain why you sabotaged their healthcare.
Logic dictates that the ACA should be improved, not destroyed to appease Insurance Co. or Ideologues.
maybe you Republicans need to get your act together and figure something out since you voted so quickly to repeal ACA
That's only because the right side of the aisle can't unify to work together. It's now or never, make no mistake.
States that expanded Medicare, created an exchange & promoted, enrolled far more people = more insurers, lower $$$
If TN had created its own state exchange and promoted it widely, Tennesseans might well not have this problem.
you're immoral liars who'll cause more American suffering & deaths than any terror group #GOPLies #YourLastTerm
Gee if only GOP had improved ACA instead of trying to repeal 60 times. Fought against 7 yrs & no replacement plan!
perhaps consider those of us that want you to repair and repeal/replace the ACA
So how does this work exactly?  Medicare benefits stay the same. But what about the monthly premiums?  Going up 20% per CBO?
BS. 230,000 or more will absolutely have zero health care insurance under current Ryancare.
how many more if they DO act?
People of Tennessee:
@SenAlexander @Tennessean & @GOP
HAVE FORSAKEN YOU! 
50-64 yo hit hardest!
Medicare will be hurt, too!
Rich? Yr good.
@SenateMajLdr @Tennessean love all the Rep hyperbole & lies
pay close attention to the wording of his statement. "Insurance options". An "option" does not mean "provide".
@SenateMajLdr @Tennessean Do it bro and see what happens.  You will lose.  DO IT.  HURRY UP.  Faster. What are you waiting for
That wouldn't be true if GOPs were not frightening off providers and blacking out ads.
This doesn't make the GOP plan any better or less likely to exclude more than 10,000,000 people from healthcare.
shore up Onamacare!!
@SenateMajLdr don't ecpsndmedicade use your plan. Why. Ot
@SenateMajLdr simple put all on your plan reduce costs no subsidies or give away.
TN needs to expand Medicare and get its own exchange Chicken Little
@SenateMajLdr Should have expanded Medicaid!
@SenateMajLdr @Tennessean perhaps they should have taken the federal expansion. Oops
Hilarious!  lol!  If you get your bill through, none of them will be able to afford health insurance!  UR LOSING
The less government in my life the better. We are not an entitlement nation. Provide to disabled, and poor only.
and elderly with Medicare. The rest of us need to work & get ins. through employer.  Vets  & military free always!
that's because you have sabotaged the bill. How many of those 25 million the CBO says won't have options are Tennesseans?
@SenateMajLdr restore the risk corridor aka your sabotage of the ACA.
Single payer: "Other adv countries w/ universal coverage 11/12% of GDP instead of US 16%"
@SenateMajLdr They will lose it for sure with Ryan's Trumpcare!
that can be fixed more effectively working with the ACA rather than against it.
LIE LIE LIE

ANY public"servant"
support law
KILLING thousands upon thousands
ANNUALLY

TARGET ON BACK 2018/20
GOOD riddance

@SenAlexander
@SenateMajLdr @Tennessean 
It sounds like either way that's going to happen. Too much propaganda to believe your statement.
At least you'll have insurance.
You have seen the coverage losses CBO predicted with AHCA? Really? You think Tennessee is immune from that?
Now they can do something, let the bumfuck of the 95% begin! Remember this BS after the bumfuck hits you.
congress mandated public participation. Why do insurance companies have a choice to participate?
Getting it right is more important than getting it quickly. Make this bipartisan and work together.
I pay Ins. UHC @myuhc will NOT COVER test ord by my DR. How is that coverage?? INS CO'S SHLD NOT PRACTICE MEDICINE!
@SenateMajLdr At least they'll have insurance. Unlike your plan. SHAME.
@SenateMajLdr @Tennessean better to have no options than NO INSURANCE!
@senatemajldr Replace the risk corridors you removed so the ACA would fail. Problem solved. Fix what's broke. #trumprussia
Fearmonger much? Wait for an acceptable replacement! Vote no on #ACA
who are you kidding? This is not about choice or Americans, it is about insurance companies
Stop blaming immigrants for your plight & start blaming Republicans, who've broken govt for a decade. Fix nothing, just whine.
for other reverse Robin Hood prongs: give to rich, take from 95% of population tax cut scams. No social programs, FAKE wall?
hell yes. now we taking who??? ta about a month to kick all them in the teeth???
@SenateMajLdr and 24 million Americans will have no insurance if your plan passes.
TN, wake up before you have nothing: Get rid of frauds Alexander & Corker, and Liar Drumpf: HC done this way just cover...
We know that is because of Republican obstruction. Collaborate across the aisle to fix problems. Trumpcare is not the answer.
pig bill, 3-prongs: destroy healthcare for profit, dismantle Medicaid/Medicare, cancel Social Sec. The No Healthcare pamphlet.
They have none because inside-traitor deal on future Humana/Aetna merger allowed after they fuck TN to make your lipstick...
@SenBobCorker you all need to fix ACA and reject #Trumpcare his plan is bad for women, children and seniors.
1st pt in my life(59) I and my hubby have no insurance!Scared of news that retirees will pay more,is this population control?
you're as useless as a white crayon.
make health care a right, remove the profit motive and go single payer.
And how many more will be without coverage when the AHCA removes subsidies and raises the premium cost for seniors?
Senator, you are a disgrace to our fine state.
Glad to hear you want to fix the ACA.  Start by renouncing the #AHCA   Thanks!
partly due to U spending 7 years trying to undermine & gut the law instead of fixing? Why not expand medicaid?
because we refused federal funds. You're failing the public until Healthcare is a right, and affordable as yours
Your only care is tax breaks for GOP donors like DeVos that bought you .The age tax will kill seniors
thanks to your incessant meddling in the marketplace
y'all better stay in Washington in April instead of taking a vocation then.
The GOP had 7yrs to come up with a viable replacement. All you did was REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL. GOP credibility=zero
.@SenAlexander @Tennessean FULL REPEAL #DOIT
so fix it...not repeal and replace with @GOP bogus plan that will be worse. Not hard.
no
