in those days Congress was civil, unlike the last 7yrs of "block everything Obama does. Period." Brought this on yourselves.
And YOU all refused to even give Judge Merrick Garland the courtesy of a hearing. So sit down & Shut. Up.
- Seriously? Talk to McConnell about Merrick.
but mitch mcconnell and republicans REFUSED even to hold hearings on Obama's nominee. explain that.
Merrick Garland
Sen. Howard Baker stood up to the president even tho he was the same party. When will you? #ImpeachTrump
Exactly. I wouldn't bring up Howard Baker if I were you. He as a Patriot.
He was! One of the very best
   
Also gave up his own presidential run to help keep Reagan's presidency functioning when R couldn't perform
Yes. Howard Baker put Country first, during a terrible time in our history. We need him now.
Care to give an example from the past that compares to what you did to Merrick Garland? Didn't think so.
you're giving us clear evidence of your loyalty -Rep. party line.  #Garland #russia pay attention - we are!
But each of the presidents were not under nvestigation by the FBI. Obama's puck was not even given a hearing. You shouldn't conflate the two
—you reap what you sow. Try using that other cheek.
you're a crook. http://realchange.org/alexandr.htm#deals …
And who had a hearing for Garland again? #hypocrite
But the Republican Congress did "filibuster" Garland. Misleading much with your alternative facts?
Sen. Lamar Alexander participated in obstructing President Obama's nominee & violating 230yrs of precedent?
you seemed to leave out some history here, this bogus potus should not be allowed to do any more until he is cleared of Russia
Mitch McConnel did worse than filibuster President Obama's nominee Merrick Garland. You asked for this filibuster.
Right. Right. Because they did THEIR JOBS. Remember Merrick Garland? Remember how you and cronies didn't even have hearings?
Did they block the President's nominees from even receiving a hearing though?
no, but the entire Imperial GOP prevented a balanced court in Obama's last year and a half. 8 years and $70billion to obstruct
You filibustered Merrick Garland for a year! You have no morale standing. Please stop #hipocrite #allSCOTUSneed60
Merrick garland
those presidents weren't under FBI investigation in collusion with Russians. Also maybe listen to Tennesseans for a change
Question--have you ever filibustered? I could look it up of course but I request an answer
Presidents Carter and Clinton didn't steal vacant seats on the Supreme Court!
You arent stupid, so that leaves immoral. Focus on Russia, this can wait a few years.
Neither of whom was under FBI investigation for colluding with Russia to manipulate our election #TrumpRussia is the only news
McConnell refused to even conduct a hearing on Merrick.
Republicans will attempt to complete their cynical political takeover
But @GOP did hmm.

*Searching memory*

Oh yeah. Cockblocked the Merrick Garland process. To be taken seriously? Act the part.
also Sen. Bob Dole would not be elected in today's Kansas GOP; too moderate/center
jeez stop crying

Hypocritical PO Mitch REFUSED to give Garland a hearing!  Mitch who should get Ditched this yr, publicly gloated abt it!
#Garland
but you and Mitch McConnell refused to even hear Garland. Stop tweeting about your DOUBLE STANDARD.
Say it over and over Lamar:Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland.......!!
Howard Baker and Bob Dole were much better servants of America than McConnell and Grassley.
- but last year the @GOP refused to even hold hearings (and in some cases meet with) Obama's nominee.
- So Rs trying to make Ds seem unreasonable just can't work anymore.
For no reason that makes sense, you refused to  give Judge Merrick Garland a hearing or vote. Shame on you.
Judge Garland
Sure. The big issue you are ignoring is plain. You must request an independent investigation into Russian interference now.
.@SenAlexander did not even allow a hearing for President Obama's nominee.
Merrick Garland. Hypocritical ass.
#MerrickGarland . Ring any bells?
Until you acknowledge what your party pulled around the Garland nomination, everything you say has zero credibility #ownit
#MerrickGarland
NO Republican has a right to complain about ANYTHING Democrats do with #NeilGorsuch after ya'lls stunt with #MerrickGarland
That's called gaslighting. @SenateMajLdr forever politicized SCOTUS when he vowed to block Obama's rightful pick. Unpatriotic.
Neither of those presidents were oolluding with Russia
#MerrickGarland
Sir, you did not do your duty and even hold a hearing for the Supreme Court nominee of President Obama.
wasn't Howard Baker also the GOP senator who held Nixon accountable for impeachment? Just sayin.
You just ignored President's Obama's nominee.
But you refused to even meet with Merrick Garland.
In 2016, Republicans broke the Constitution by refusing to so much as meet with a qualified, respected nominee.
Yet the Republicans refused even a hearing for President Obama' nominee.  Don't be a hypocrite  Lamar!
Their nominees weren't as dangerous to our country.
you did not even have a hearing for Merrick Garland. If u go Nuclear be prepared for then consequences. #votethemout2018
You all didn't even allow the confirmation hearing for Merrick Garland! Do you think we forget? #youworkforus #replaceyou
Senator Mitch McConnell denied a hearing to Merrick Garland.
You, and your party, apparently follow a different rule for black presidents. When was the hearing for #MerrickGarland? Shame!
Did not act like a gentleman when he ignored President Obama's consensus nominee and then began tweeting like a con man.
GARLAND
GOP did not even consider Merrick Garland. Don't even try that mess.. @SenAlexander
then why didn't you give Garland a hearing?
Lamar, your hypocrisy is sickening. Election Day can't come soon enough #MerrickGarland #YoureFired #NowGetOut
.@SenAlexander This admin is being investigated for possible TREASONOUS  Collusions.  Condoning this admin policies is equally treasonous.
Remind me again how the Republicans handled the Garland nomination by Obama? Why didn't that make your list?
You refused to meet with Garland.
merrick garland
"Sen. Alexander refused to so much as meet with President Obama's final nominee."
But *YOU* and *YOUR PARTY* filibustered the entire government because we had a black president.
Say That!!!!! Yes!
SCOTUS nominees of POTUS under investigation should be delayed until all facts known and charges made.
.@SenAlexander Erm but Senator Grassley didnt even hold a Hearing for Garland. So theres tha buster
and they also didn't refuse to consider nominees in last year of s presidency i. e. Garland. Get off your high horse.
A POTUS under FBI investigation has never nominated a SCOTUS. If the shoe were on the under foot . . . PLUS #MerrickGarland
@SenateMajLdr  didn't bring Obama's nominee to a vote. Forget?
and the @gop did not filibuster Merrick Garland, president Obama's nominee. Your point Senator because I missed it.
How impotent and pathetic must one be to block Garland based purely on your irrational hatred of a democrat?
What did you and the rest of the GOP do for President Obama's nominee?
y'all just obstructed. Boy bye
Hey Lamar Go Cry Me a River Snowflake.
It seems like maybe you skipped something there...
.@SenAlexander once upon a time I worked for your predecessor - Frist. He is a good man, you however, didn't even vote on Garland.
They were not being investigated for criminal activity or for colluding with Putin @sengop would be wise to keep that in mind.
??? You know we can remember what happened to Obama's nominee right? It wasn't that long ago.
President Carter&Presiden Clinton were not under FBI investigation for Russian collusion like Trump the f ing AH
And the GOP didn't even acknowledge Garland.  I wish you weren't my Senator.
Were President Carter or President Clinton under an active FBI/CIA investigation for treason when they nominated SCJ's?  NO!
maybe because they werent under investigation and hiring KKK grand poopaw. The GOP is causing America to self destruct
...chaos and expect everyone else to walk the line.
And Republicans didn't filibuster Merrick Garland...because they completely ignored the nomination. Republicans govern by...
Garland?
what did y'all do to Garland? Give Garland a hearing then get back to us.
*cricket chirps*
Those presidents weren’t traitors.
