Shame on you. You are just a lacky. DeVos is the most unqualified person I have ever seen
you were a friend of education. What happened?
Sell out!!! DeVos contribution checks are more important.  Voters will remember this.
Oust the senators who vote to confirm DeVos!! They are not listening to us!!
Not gonna vote for you anymore if you do.
Good Friday Senator Alexander. Still waiting on your list of positive public school initiatives that Devos has for Ed

. Great response. Says it all.
Do you believe she meets the rural areas concerns in Tenn?
She won't.  Your children will have fewer resources than they do now. He KNOWS this but doesn't care.

Senator, Betsy DeVos bought this cabinet seat. You know it, we all know it. She's not qualified.
Vote NO on DeVos! Save the grizzlies!
please answer your phone and listen to your people's concerns. She is NOT qualified.
Vote No, not  party lines
Advancing #DeVos is a gutless move! There's been millions of phone calls opposing.We will get you out when time comes
she is not qualified. She can't even answer a single question. #TheResistance #holdthefloor #NoonDeVos #StopDeVos
TN one of poorest states in nation can't afford a billionaire who supports diverting tax $ from public schools.
you own this and when there's a HUGE shortage of teachers then what? No one will want to teach in this climate
proving how little you care for what is best for our students & the lack of investment you have in #publiceducation.
this is not what TN parents want or TN kids deserve. Time for you to go sir.
Listen to the people who voted you in,
Stand up for We the people!! Vote NO on DeVos...
No betray your constituents. Green County blocked voucher program b/c rural folk cannot afford private school.
And that's what will happen to MANY children...they'll be left behind and it's NOT FAIR!
Block DeVos! Fight for public education, which serves all children!!!
doesn't look like this retweet is very popular Sen. Alexander. You are a FOOL to approve
His conscience is clouded by dollar signs.
IF YOU EVER LOVED A CHILD INCLUDING YOU OWN YOU WOULD STOP THIS VOTE NO! YOU ARE REPLACEABLE WE CAN MAKE THAT HAPPEN
if she gets confirmed he should be the first one out. He has been her biggest fan.changing rules 4 her
Betsy DeVos should be confirmed. I'm with you.
Why?
We have called many times. Not asked for my return info. And told you will vote to confirm anyway. #TOWNHALL #COWARD
We DON'T want Devos!! Are you deaf?
TN voters have spoken and you are not listening. This will be remembered. She is unqualified & will hurt out schools
@SenatorBurr @PattyMurray  

@BetsyDeVos is self driven & intelligent. #too_many_spy_skills_in_resume

CC email Rcmds
I am a (R) voter.  I am not the only one who stands against the abomination that is @BetsyDeVos as head of D.O.E.
This makes it clear that you don't care about the welfare of our rural and special needs children. #unqualified
clearly he cares about nothing but his pocket. He should be removed from office. IMMEDIATELY.
Should, but won't, bc they're all like that. They have each other's  backs and think they can do no wrong.
education for children not about the teachers unions or school administration, school choice
Ridiculous that you do not have the moral compass to put children before party! #NOMORALCOMPASS
how is this a help committee when millions ask u 2 vote no and the REP all voted yes to DeVos
Your silence speaks volumes about your support (lack thereof)  for public school education.
Frederick Douglass says vote NO to DeVos
please vote no on this. The children deserve the best.
NO! #NODeVos She is alarmingly unqualified. Lack of knowledge of #IDEA & #FAPE is disqualifying.
Please vote NO!
If you vote to confirm you will be responsible for the destruction of public education.
Way to sell out our children to someone who clearly has shown she knows NOTHING about education.
.@GOPHELP @SenAlexander Why sir, why? You know education. #BetsyDeVos is not qualified for the job. Please change your vote. #NoDevos
NO on @BetsyDeVos , she's unqualified, uneducated, and just a donor. #draintheswamp
Plz reconsider Children shouldn't be taught by someone who sees #Hitler & #Stalin as mentors
To constantly compare every person you disagree with to Hitler or Natzis is Such a disservice to the memory of holocaust victims
I mean this seriously she funds these people who admire Hitler Stalin and Lenin I'm not "comparing her" she did this herself
This is a Venn Diagram. It is supposed to have overlapping similarities in the center, #DeVos offers none #NotoDeVos
Please, no. She is not qualified. Charter schools & religion have no place in public education. Educators vote no!!!
still waiting for that list of all those positive things for public school education. Keep ignoring the students.
You're championing the most widely opposed nom in history.  U don't want that on your record, do you? Just say NO.
Senator, you are deliberately ignoring the will of your constituents. Shame on you. Unqualified!  #NoToDeVos
You're obviously an intelligent man, senator...so are many TN voters. You know DeVos is unqualified, so do we. VoteNO
The people who voted to have you in office deserve better than this.  We are watching, and it's disappointing
Shame on you all! This is not what parents and educators across America want.  #StopDevos
Senator Alexander, please list ALL of the positives for Betsy Devos in a separate tweet. #crickets
still waiting on those positive vibe tweets about Devos....try google or something. I will support whoever else u get
release the # of calls, emails, VMs, visits from constituents demanding NO on DeVos; we want accountability!
Most disliked and unqualified nomination of any cabinet pick by a President.
have you HEARD my calls? Be the 3rd GOP hero & vote NO #nobetsydevos
As a lifelong Tennessee resident and public school teacher, I am firmly against Betsy DeVos.
If Alexander supports Devos, #VolNation and the entire state should oust Alexander
Remember at election time people !
You continue to ignore the will of TN constituents We elected you to represent us but you seem to have forgotten this
why won't you listen to your constituents? Say no to Devos.
why is this not done??
pathetic
it's embarrassing to watch you continue to endorse her confirmation. Hello, retirement. Goodbye, legacy!
I have called and can reach no one. DeVos will harm @BillHaslam new education plan! Think of our children!
So terrible how he's allowed @BetsyDeVos to just skate through! Do what is RIGHT!
she is a horrible choice
please do not confirm DeVoss. She has no credibility and will not support the child. Only her wallet and yours.
When are you going to start listening to the American people!!!!! NO! NO! NO! NO! Our children deserve better!!!
The failure was not Alexander who bullied oppo During hearing. The failure is Trump, putting up incompetent candidate
the democrats are going to have a field day making political ads out of this. This will cost the GOP vulnerable seats
we need Ed. Sec. that has sat in PTA mtgs under stained ceiling tiles like the rest of us. not in oak-paneled halls.
.@GOPHELP @SenAlexander  DeVos is unqualified and unfit, vote NO!
the people of Tennessee do not support her! You work for us! Do your job and vote no!!!
the majority of the people do not want DeVos. As a minister and daughter/sister/friend of teachers, NO!
so disappointed.
she is UNQUALIFIED. Period. Shame on you.
NOT SO FAST. Little things like bravery and integrity in the Sen. are getting in the way of the DeVos confirmation.
NO! Good grief, man! There are millions of people more qualified than her! Listen to your constituents!
Unfortunately, she has limited knowledge of the education code and no experience in the field of education.
nope!
Your Legacy: Inflicted a corrupt billionaire w/no teaching experience on our children.  Hope the $$ helps you sleep.
