how dare you allow a woman who doesn't even know federal education laws get through! you should be ashamed of yourself
NO!  When are you going to listen?  She is so CLEARLY opposed to strengthening public education.  This is on you, man.
. . . Senator Lieberman in his role as paid consultant--money really does talk.
DeVos has left a black mark on Public Ed in MI. Do not let that mark creep across this great nation. Vote NO!
#NoDevos - TN voter
- N0! Your actual constituents who care about children and public schools say #noDeVos.
In CT we know Joe Lieberman lost his mind more than 10 years ago. His opinion has zero credibility with anyone.
Agree with my fellow Tennesseans, you won't get another vote from me. No faith in you anymore
Seriously? She has no background in public Ed. She gave $$$ to Republican's that's Y U want her. U lost my vote and others
don't make me laugh. She could care less. She will be a complete devastation to the Special Ed. Children.
yeah so do I doesn't make me qualified at least I'm not a plagiarizer @BetsyDeVos
we demand to know # of calls, emails, visits you received demanding NO on #DeVos. We made our voice heard and you ignored.
she has NO experience. Michigan schools are worse. Vote NO.
This TN voter says NO to De Vos's appointment. #obviouslyUNQUALIFIED
Trying to push her through even w/o official quorum.  Really doing a number on your record here Sen
I will remember you endorsement of her in the next election. She is not fit for the job, just a major donor.
absolute garbage. DeVos cares about toppling the wall between church and state. My tax $ shouldn't go to religious schools
DeVos lied when @SenatorHassan asked about Prince Foundation. That alone should disqualify along w Proficiency v growth fiasco
Betsy DeVos appears to have plagiarized quotes for Senate questionnaire
hilarious. How much is she contributing to your pocket sir?
if only "caring about children" were enough... from a hardworking #educator, PLEASE #VoteNoDevos #VoteNoOnBetsyDeVos #hellno
.@SenAlexander Glad you talked to Lieberman; wish you'd also taken time to listen to innumerable people who tried to call you. #NoonDeVos
If by doing very well you mean run the Dept. (and our educational standards) into the ground. Vote against DeVos.
remember, these words will reappear at mid-term elections, sir.
what about the 6.5 million children receiving special education services. They will flounder under DeVos' leadership. Please!
she cares about the white privileged with money (and no special needs). Voucher program is segregation and denies FAPE.
Betsy DeVos appears to have plagiarized quotes for Senate questionnaire
Horrible
, please do not.
I care about children and I'd be ready to do the job, but that didn't mean either of us are qualified to actually do the job.
Cares about christian children maybe.  Not the rest and not public schools.  You are not fooling anyone not already fooled.
not a single commenter has expressed their support. Why do you ignore your constituents?
For the freakin' luva pete, hang it up.  #donewithyou
hahahahahaha, only if by "children" you mean "her own personal profits"
*slams head against wall*  1 ex. Don't give quotes from others, do your research & cite. When did she EVER do 1 thing 4 edu.?
bullshit--she cares about power and prestige
Why are you refusing to listen to your constituents????
I strongly disagree. From a TN resident w kids in public school, I'm asking you to do the right thing & vote NO on DeVos.
That's because this particular brand of stupid is bipartisan. Ed reform is a common delusion. Gung ho despite that. :(
won't listen to tennesseans Try @SenBobCorker 2018 is his election year. Maybe he will listen and #DumpDevos +1 (202) 224-3344
#BetsyDeVos is #Unqualified and her platform is a joke..this is going to be the opposite of helpful in fixing our #schools
he's also an idiot.
you don't respect anything but your donations or the GOP. @BetsyDeVos does NOT car. You aren't representing the people at all
.@SenAlexander only she's not ready to take on this assignment. . . her hearing made that perfectly clear
left the word money out.she cares about children's money.
Cares about children that bring more riches to private schools. SO UNQUALIFIED. Hope the grizzlies bears stay out of schools
listen to your constituents... don't forget you represent us not your bank account or party. #noDevos
Anyone can "care about children", her lack of experience proves she's unfit. Moreover, she's clueless about what job entails.
can you name 100 Tennesseans that support your vote for Devos? Because I can see thousands that don't.
I care about elephants it doesn't mean I'm qualified to run the national wildlife foundation.
nope nope nope nope nopety nope
are you kidding me? Vote NO on DeVos.
#DumpDevos I have called dozens of times a day, and never gotten through. This is an absurd choice.
NO! #wearewatching
that's literally the bare minimum. Our Ed Sec should understand the job, not just "care about children". #OpposeDeVos
You have ignored Tennesseans. I hope she gave you a ton of money. Enjoy your silver.
How many of your constituents have written you opposing Betsy Devos? Listen to us! Hear us!
Registered TN voter here. Oppose DeVos for her evasive & inadequate answers @ hearing. She's unqualified.
Thank You
#Devos is UNFIT. Ppl in Tennessee will remember you not listening to them.
It takes a lot more than just caring about children.
As your constituent, I am appalled at your vote for someone who has no public education experience and knowledge of fed law
Teachers care more and at least they know how to help them.  She bought this seat.
what a shame you should be made to put any family members school aged in public school since you have so much faith in her.
you just fucked over the american public.
I'm 1 of ur constituents & I've lost all respect for u. Ur not confirming her bc she's qualified, ur doing it bc she donated $
#ComfirmDevos
I do NOT support confirmation for DeVos as Sec of Ed.
And don't think we're done calling all of your offices, either.  You will HEAR us.
You championed  least qualified cabinet nominee in US history. You are morally bankrupt.  My daughter deserves better. SHAME.
.@SenAlexander Listen to your constituents. We don't want her.
he's has always been a party hack
disgrace Lamar . Just because you say it doesn't make so#no experience
still disagree.
DISGRACE. Public school teachers in his state should strike. Give this paidoff goon a really big re-election problem #devos
I'm disappointed you didn't listen to the TEACHERS in your constituency. We'll remember when election time comes around.
#noDevos from your constituents with kids ACTUALLY IN public schools.
.@SenAlexander is bitching about how many questions were asked of DeVos. But those 1,300 questions prove her incompetence.
You have received many calls from constituants expressing concern and desiring a No on DeVos. Please listen to the people.
She was also ready to take on the questionnaire when she plagiarized her answers.
she really, really is not. vote no on devos. also turn on your phones/voicemail so i can call you about it.
It takes a lot more than caring about children. Vouchers only care for a few. Must care for all schools. Hope she will listen
Hey, @SenAlexander! Can I get a tally of how many constituents asked you to vote no on DeVos' appointment?
OK but what do YOU say about her? Would be nice to hear YOUR thoughts and not others. #nobetsydevos
Only if they are white and rich. She's a disgrace. And so are you!
U r the destruction of everything the US has ever strived for. How do u live w every inept dangerous decision you've made?
You ignored the will of the people of TN and the USA. You are now the "guy who championed Betsy DeVos." Heckuva job, Lamar!
she doesn't even know her stuff. No way she should be confirmed.
Disgraceful that a vote of yes would come from this committee Cheating is now ok in school http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/31/politics/betsy-devos-plagiarism-obama-official/index.html …
We support you Senator because you are looking out for our children.
did he know she plagiarized?
DeVos' lack of public school experience and her tacit approval of guns in schools prove otherwise. #Shameful #wearewatching
I hope you enjoyed your career, because it is over next election. So ashamed of you for selling out and ignoring your people.
This will be remembered and brought up during the next election cycle... you blatantly ignored the TN majority.
no one outside your Washington insiders and donors thinks this. You are not listening to constituents.
No - she is UNQUALIFIED. Period. Shame on you
Maybe its time for you to put that flannel shirt back on and move on down the road. #PartisanHack
This is such a dumb partisan pick. Truly unqualified but I guess you already know that.
but are you going to bring up that she plagiarized quotes for Senate questionnaire.. so when are you going to bring that up?
You have sold the children of this country out. Your legacy will forever be tarnished by your blind support of party over kids
that cash must hug you better than the humans you just let down.  #greed #corruption
you should be ashamed of yourself!! How dare you ignore the voice of the people you are meant to speak for. Shame on you!!
A vote for Devos is a vote against separation of church and state. That's all her family's billion $ crusade is all about.
No to devos! She's never had to pay for any education!! Can't relate to the people!
@SenLieberman had two cents to give, did he? Then I guess you ought to forget about your constituents, huh?
Stop ignoring your constituents. Vote No on the unqualified Devos!
I care about children too. But alas I am not qualified to be Secretary of Education. And neither is Devos.
many of your Nashville voter DO NOT AGREE. We will be voting, and not for you because of this and many of your other decisions
why don't you care about what your constituents think?  We do not want DeVos.  She is not qualified.
DO NOT confirm DeVos!!!  She has no relevant experience and Michigan charter schools are TERRIBLE...GLORIFIED LOBBYIST
SHAME ON YOU. #DumpDevos American children should matter more than party lines and greed.
Please, do not confirm #BetsyDeVos. Vote NO! #DumpDevos
can you find me a picture of her in a public school classroom?
DEVOS is a billionaire that was a huge donor to trump, that's why she got the nomination. Unacceptable, UNQUALIFIED VOTE NO!!!
vote no.  We can do better than DeVos.
