lesson the children across the US is you can buy your way in #seatboughtandsold
#notqualified
Why don't you look at clinton's supporters and then go cry about women's rights. Hypocrite
mmm hmmm yea that makes sense! NOT! 
Well, you wouldn't know sense if it was in the palm of your hand. Obviously snow blind. Snowflake. #BLIND2TRUTH
keep on blowing your Trumpettes #alternatefacts believers
#DumpDeVos
she plagiarized her written responses #cheatertoleader
Here’s a highlight for you! http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/betsy-devos-donations_us_5893bd80e4b0c1284f251c5f?uk5c2okeurrafw29 … did you miss out or was payment under the table?
She said  "We expect a return on our Investment."
embarrassed to be from Tennessee I don't understand somebody in your career-ending your legacy this way w/ lies & Pay to play
He has been to the Basement and they used the ReP Brainwash Machine on him. If a Republican is Play for Pay.
The only reason she got the position is the money she donates to the GOP.  We will remember in 2018 and vote you out. Traitor.
Even a quick review of her "qualifications" should have made this decision a no-brained. And yet here we are, led by you. Sad.
people who actually teach don't  want her
but what about TN citizens with kids in public schools who want public schools funded?
Exactly.   You are Employee of People of Tennessee  
Not Trump and DeVos's paid for puppet. Face the Music..
it certainly wasn't an overwhelming majority even in among your party pals!  Tie breaking pence sad days of government sad
REPUBLICANS really don't care about public education, do they? Admit it, Trump admin is a horror show and embarrassment.
What about the american people, living in poor, rural communities? Children who can't get FAPE?
Facts matter, Sir.  Please stop defending those whose positions are indefensible.  https://n.pr/2kZn3y5 
You've compromised our saftey, now you're going to make sure you screw up EDUC too. Do you not have family to look in the eye?
She Paid, now wants them to Play.
Are you tallying the calls of your constituents?
No on DeVos .  School choice should happen within public education.
parents of public school children don't want her
Supporting bankers and billionaires is disgraceful! Read "Politics in Courage" and get your moral compass!!
But your constituents do not support her, which is what really matters. You work for us.
No he is a real Republican now.  Play for Pay.  She doled out Millions..collecting her Play for her pay now
Vote against DeVos!
Let's review the Venn Diagram...no similarities connect these 2 things.
Then add the unsupervised Fraud in Charter Schools...where she makes her Money?  https://populardemocracy.org/sites/default/files/Charter-School-Fraud_Report_web.pdf …
Does @SenAlexander or anyone in @GOP other than @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski have the COURAGE to oppose Betsy DeVos nomination? SHAMEFUL
How bad do you need to be to get rejected for Donald Trump’s cabinet? asks @nytimes G Collins. @SenAlexander should know better-No to DeVos!
NO to DeVos
she couldn't do her homework for a hearing #unqualified
You are not listening to teachers, principals...people at the local level who invest their lives in public ed. NO to DeVos
I'm getting incredibly tired of your glowing reviews of unqualified nominees. Sincerely, your taxpayer!
How many of your constituents support her? You're a disgrace! Looking forward to voting against you in the next election.
DeVos is a nightmare for public schools   They need help not vouchers  Vote No
I'm embarrassed to be represented by this person  A dishonor to the state of Tennessee. Out all Repugicans
you were elected by the citizens of TN.  Please do your job and listen to all of us and VOTE NO to DEVOS. It's for the kids...
Pay to play.Screw education, let this woman get her kicks from a title and ruining education in American. Greed at it's worst
my guess is you aren't running in 2018, as you aren't listening to your constituents and you don't seem to care. #NoDeVos
STOP IGNORING YOUR CONSTITUENTS! You work for the people, not DeVos. Even if she pays you. Unethical. Shame on you.
VOTE NO TO DeVos!!!! She is not qualified and you are going to get voted out. You are not representing your state. Only TRUMP
Vote NO to Betsy DeVos!
Vote no on DeVos. She is NOT qualified for this position and would not be fair and impartial to the public school system.
as a Michigander who knows of what Devos has done, I implore you to vote No. her speeches are 1 thing, her numbers are another
why aren't you listening to your constituents instead of your wallet. You're a lousy representative for Tennessee.
you are lucky to have an example of how someone works, of stats from her work in educ. How can you vote against the data?
the actual results of what she's done in Detroit are not impressive. Esp compared to more successful charters in e.g. NOLA
-No to Devos!!! Why won't you listen to the people!!?? Hear me loud and clear-YOU WILL NEVER RECEIVE ANOTHER VOTE FROM ME!!
SHAME ON YOU! Do the right thing! Our children deserve excellence and we demand you listen!!!
You blew it. Should have listened to your people.
She has ZERO qualifications. You are shameful. And your career is shot if you don't ditch her.
Come on Lamar!!! Vote no to Betsy! #NoOnDeVos
No on Betsy! Listen to the people for this one time! Do the right thing!
out of touch with the working class population. No surprise.
The people do not want Betsy. It's not what you think is best. The people don't want her!
you cannot be serious
PLEASE VOTE NO ON DeVos, you are not representing those who elect you, we don't want her!
She is UNQUALIFIED!!  Don't confirm.
I'm extremely embarrassed to be from Tennessee. Sad and disappointed in all of you
you can guarantee I will be calling your office next week.
you have a conflict of interest given you own a business share in BRIGHT HORIZONS FAMILY SOLUTIONS. It's a company built 4 Ed
could you be pushing her Bc you have a stake in an early childcare education that you stand to benefit from?
I had to go to college and take tests to be a teacher. DeVos hasn't -pls vote #noDeVos
try talking to teachers. The people who do the real work in our classrooms every day. Start listening. stop supporting DeVos.
keep trying to convince yourself you are doing the people's will.

Here’s a way to reach your senators. #teachersagainstdevos 
https://onedrive.live.com/view.aspx?resid=2EF75588C94E845E!64687&ithint=file%2cxlsx&app=Excel&authkey=!AEULMZk0PVYVu_g … 
DeVos is supremely unqualified. Listen to the people you represent. #StopDeVos
She's not qualified. She will hurt our children @SenTedCruz @SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain  #stopdevos
As a Tennessean, I look forward to not voting for you in 2020. #AlexanderAgainstPublicEducation #TNneedsSenatorsforThePeople
Do what is right even if it's not popular with the party. Vote No on DeVos!  You know she's not qualified!
You need to get back in touch with your TN constituents that sent you to D.C.  TN voted NO on vouchers.
This public school teacher does not support @BetsyDeVos. She is grossly unqualified regardless of Repub or Dem. #noDevos
#NotoDeVos #NotoDeVos #Devosnotqualified
listen to us!!!! NO DeVos!! #NoDeVos TN has told you how we feel now it is your responsibility to do the right thing!
all of you are #forprofit! At the expense of our children. We will not forget come election time! #disgraceful
sounds like we need new governors! How can you do this to our children! What a disgrace...#NoonDeVos
This constituent asks you to vote no on DeVos. Please think of the children!
Very disappointed in DeVos's confirmation.
Please vote no on DeVos. Surely there are other more qualified candidates please PLEASE vote no.
Vote NO to Betsy Devos.
DeVos isn't even qualified to be a teacher or principal! Vote #NoonDeVos
and rich business people who care more about the money they make rather than the education the students receive. Get real...
your vote for DeVos has been bought. I promise to do my part to see that you are not reelected in 2020! #NoonDeVos #RESIST
This is not a partisan issue. DeVos is totally unqualified and unprepared. You have forgotten--you work for TN not the GOP.
we the people don't support her
Say no to @BetsyDeVos Listen to the State you walked across. You are embarrassing yourself.
I'm a TN voter & a parent of 2 girls in school. I implore you to vote against DeVos! She's extremely unqualified for Ed. Sec.
shame on you, our children deserve better.
You have no credibility. You & your @SenateGOP comrades are bought & paid for. You put $ & party over our kids. Shame on you.
Your "judgment" is seriously flawed! Your legacy will be allowing the destruction of public schools!
@cheryldgb #DumpDevos she is unqualified - American people have spoken Sen. Alexander #werememberinNovember
Betsy DeVos will protect our children from grizzly bears but NOT ignorance and religious dogma...
there is no credible argument in favor of this nominee, and you ought to be ashamed of yourself.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!
No sir, she will not. Were you awake during her confirmation hearing? If so, you must know she is unqualified. #DumpDevos
Does it matter to u senator that nearly every response 2 this post is NOT in favor of DeVoss or are we just alternative facts?
ALEC governors and Ed Secs appointed by them. Valid measure when Michigans people say no? Hardly. @BadassTeachersA
For-profit charters create a lot of wealth...For business investors and politians.  Who r u beholden too?
out of touch with Tennessee
I don't care who supports her - TN voters do not, and that's who you are accountable to.
release # of calls, emails, VMs from TN voters demanding NO DeVos; we need accountability, transparency from elected officials
Tea Party will not compare to Teacher Power that will work against you next time!!
shame on you! 
Please listen to your constituents! I'm one of many TN residents who opposes her as Sec of Ed. #NoDeVos
you are a disappointment to your state.
What does Highly qualified mean to you? Increase i'pac funds I guess .
this is the best we have to offer our children? :(
u are an embarrassment to this state in which I live ...you will never be a president so ur career is happily dead .. finally
you will not forget the damage will be done with your vote!
this position has been bought by lobbyist swamp monsters. Shame on all who condone this disaster.
Those against her confirmation far outweigh her supporters! Pay attention! Stand Up for public schools!
as someone with teaching exp. I am appalled by Betsy DeVos. She is dangerously unqualified and will harm public edication.
"They are right. We do expect something in return." -@BetsyDeVos #DumpDevos
“I have decided to stop taking offense at the suggestion that we are buying influence, Now I simply concede the point."
Admitted corruption by @BetsyDeVos #DumpDevos #Draintheswamp? http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/betsy-devos-donations_us_5893bd80e4b0c1284f251c5f …
DeVos is completely unqualified. Her nomination is shameful
did he mention his many constituents who have called to express their opposition? Nope. Anybody But Alexander in 2020
No on Devos
no on DeVos and now the growing tide of NO Alexander 2018 grows larger and louder
yes, out of touch with Real TNs.. No on Devos.
good grief this is just embarrassing now - this woman is UNQUALIFIED. Period. SHAME on you for not voting for our children
if you have to try this hard, she's not worth it.
#NotMySoE
your neglect of TN constituents is astounding. so many calls against DeVos & you've ignored all of them. shameful behavior.
the odds that Inexperienced DeVos benefiting public schools are nil.
Your constituents are telling YOU NO TO DEVOS. You work for US SIR. LISTEN.
If Betsy DeVos is confirmed 51-50, will you call it a landslide, like your buddy DJ?
shame. You're senat-ing wrong.        Or right if all you want is $$$
So you support her because she has paid Republican advocates?
Your support of this UNQUALIFIED candidate will not be forgotten!
she's an unqualified joke. You should be embarrassed to be supporting her.
Picking party over the people you are supposed to work for! You need to go! #byelamar #noDevos
you have truly ignored your constituents. Betsy DeVos is unqualified.
how about his constituents bombarding his office?

NO! Listen to your constituents! Or even better, listen to the kids in Detroit. https://www.facebook.com/AFTunion/videos/10154534444179160/ …
DeVos spent her limited exp. working against Public Ed. If you have any decency DO NOT CONFIRM DeVos.Protect kids not donors!
probably better to highlight your constituents that are telling you to vote no...
I wish and pray you could just listen!  I am a Republican and voting for DeVos is = killing pub ed.  You need to understand
vote against GOP.  All they're good at is collecting payoffs clearly.
You're the best at ignoring your constituency.
the people don't want Betsy DeVos.
say "NO" to DeVos!!!
Couldn't disagree more. Shameful.
https://truthinamericaneducation.com/federalized-education/devos-news-blackout-conservative-media-mimic-liberal-media/ …
while blatantly ignoring the people he's supposed to be representing
