more lies
wrong The ACA needs to be fixed, as it should have been 8 years ago.   Most legislation needs adjustment once enacted.
Voters don't agree w/ you regarding #Obamacare:
Trump is supported by Republican voters.
you're lying
- we will primary you.
we will help you!  Have town hall mtgs w/o him, too! See Indivisible Guide @IndivisibleTeam
#Obamacare Be non-partisan. Repair ACA. Repeal language is political.
Let's see what you have! Republicans keep saying it's going to be good so what is it??
Re "leaked" replacement plan: 3) why is big pharma getting a big tax break? After they raised prices on insulin, Epi-Pen etc?
NEED to get this done; TALKING is not ACTION. We're tired of Senate with NO ACTION. Elected to represent and do for us!
Until you guys voucherize Medicare and gut Medicaid. #StayHealthy
You had 6 yrs to devise a plan. Wouldn't work cooperatively for your constituents & 6 yrs later, you got nothing. #disgusting
We don't want you to repeal #Obamacare. HSA's & high risk pools are not the answer. Universal Access ≠ Universal Coverage.
What do you mean "we."  Republicans voted for politicians to get rid of Obama Care.
Come home for a town hall and let's talk it over. You're not scared of your constituents, are you?

What is your plan.... Be specific... We do not have time or human lives for you to play with this issue.
please listen to your constituents. We don't want Obamacare repealed. Without the protections that it offers many will suffer.
Twitter reaches you. Where was your Townhall meeting in your home state?
Re ACA replacement, PLEASE do a town hall ASAP, and explain WHAT WE'RE SUPPOSED TO DO FOR HEALTHCARE in 2018!
Re "leaked" replacement plan: 2) if it's ok for me to go off-exchange, do I have to go thru underwriting? When should I do it?
HAHAHAHAHA! What a joke.
We must have the Patient Protection & we want you to add the affordable part.  Otherwise  #GOPDeathPanels under #Trumpcare.
make it happen. Dragging on and on
Prove it!
for those with pre-existing conditions (aka most of us in TN) repeal of #ACA will do the opposite; pls come home for townhall
Have town hall w/o him! cardboard cut out of his face on chair/stick; invite media;idea per @IndivisibleTeam
why did you wait 8 years to give a care about healthcare?
Re ACA replacement, recommenda from ACA townhall (you didn't come) was find low-cost/no-cost clinic for care. Is that better?
Re "leaked" replacement plan: 1) why will paying over $1000/mo be better than $650/mo in premiums? (age multiplier)
You're still talking about Obamacare? How about Russia?!? Can't you do something worthwhile, for fuck's sake?
give us transparency in pricing and outcomes....
Blah. Blah. Blah. Make a decision you old goat. Do your job. You work for the people of Tennessee. Period. What do they want?
@IndivisibleGuide have town hall w/o him. A cardboard cut out of his face on chair/stick;invite media. Shame him!
.@SenAlexander @SenBobCorker @DrPhilRoe with talks about repeal of ACA, I am concerned about attacks on Medicare. Will you defend it & us?
there missy but one choice: one payer coverage for all.
I'm a Tennessean and my costs went DOWN and my benefts increased - lower copays and better coverage.
No. Children, Elderly, poor, preexisting conditions will die because of YOU. Have you no compassion, morals or ethics?
when did it become acceptable to lie?  Shame on you. God is watching you lie and put thousands of lives at risk.
that is just flat out bullshit unsupported by any serious analysis-rates were skyrocketing pre Obamacare w/o caps&preexisting
ASAP!
Hear the door slam? Thats Humana exiting the state. Now what?? Whats the plan exactly?
Senator why have we seen no action on this?
then show us the replacement and meet with your constituents #dotheworkdontjusttweetaboutit
Time to admit O'care was poorly implemented. Ask Gruber.
and these video messages are just statements #noaction #pleasestanduptotrump #mayberetire
maybe you should consider to your constituents instead of sending form letters which in no way address their concerns
Says the elitist with his special congressional medical plan. Give us your plan Lamar.
there is zero evidence to support this and zero plan in place to do anything better than the ACA
How about a town hall meeting!  Would like to know you actually care what we think.
So many words but no actual solutions. Keep talking.
are you really that clueless. Working to replace you next election
To improve the ACA will require professionals, NOT politicians and lobbyists.  What can you do with 51 insurance commissioners
, you should be ashamed. You don't really believe what you are trying to sell.
stop hiding behind recorded messages. Face the voters in West TN and bring the plan with you.
will not losing healthcare be among their choices?
hold a town hall and bring it in person to your constituents.
Coupons from the government? How about the same type of healthcare system as every other western democracy? SINGLE-PAYER!!!
keep #Obamacare, don't repeal! I need media & tx I couldn't afford otherwise! Love, a Tennessee resident who votes
# and what about the states that took the Medicaid expansion?
But if you did, we won't scream at you. We just want you to hear your constituents.  If you won't come we are stil holding it
Where are you? Can you not face us as you vote party over people? If you must do something then reform the ACA; don't repeal.
Sir, you're going to kill people with this decision. Blood will be on your hands.
Sir..  we are having a town hall at the chattanooga public library. We know you likely don't have the courage to show. Il (1)
why is "give Tennesseans & ... lower cost insurance" in quotes. Makes it sound like you don't believe it either. #singlepayer
Blue Criss Blue Shield left TN. So much for lower costs. Guess you've benn grubered.
SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT! We in TN are watching!
the answer is to remove a lot of regulations. HIPA has added a lot of cost & coding is over burdensome.  What are you doing?
.@SenAlexander From one Lamar to another, your video is total bogosity. Your party torpedoed ACA and Medicaid expansion in #TN.
Keep #Obamacare
You don't have a plan. Keep #Obamacare
show us your plan. A town hall seems like an ideal setting for such a presentation.
Paying for this "plan" by taxing ordinary workers instead of drugmakers, medical device makers & higher-earning individuals.
... "choices of lower cost insurance" = catastrophic plans w/ inadequate coverage & high deductibles. Keep #Obamacare
Some of your GOP friends are realizing that repealing ACA is a bad choice politically and morally. Get on board or get booted.
Premiums were rising before ACA, rise continued but at slower rate w/ACA. Try again.
How? Will you be removing out-of-pocket caps & pre-existing condition coverage? How can insurance companies afford that?
whatever!!!  Go ahead and Retire!
How about better insurance? Or even equally good?
Members of Congress should buy their insurance on the improved plan.
That's a lie.The only R plan so far makes insurance more expensive, cuts Medicaid, provides tax credits for rich - not poor
Senator please remember how Aetna dropped profitable policies in Florida for financial gain. Don't trust insurance companies
did you record these all in a hot 10 minutes? They all look the same, and they all are equally horrible. #letshaveatownhall
It's amazing they re-elect you every year.. Oh, no it's not, you guys are the kings oh gerrymandering.
So I take it this is the ONLY way we will see you since YOU REFUSE TO ATTEND TOWNHALL MEETINGS!  #SpinelessCoward
GOP bullshit talking point
Get real, Lamar, you can't sell it! Your big guys will be fine. It's just the middle and lower claases to get hurt!!!
Low cost insurance doesn't cover anything.  Trust me, I've had low cost insurance and YOU HAVE NOT.
Universal healthcare would cover all the people in Knoxville you pretend to care about.
This 1 again! On a meta-level, it's kinda funny that you keep replaying it. It underscores the lack of progress you're making
Just another part of the GOP agenda. You seek to quash everything Obama did. Saying Obamacare instead of ACA is proof positive
And, undoubtedly, worse coverage.
we don't need cheap insurance. We need guarantees. We need standards for insurance. We have that with ACA. We won't with yours
Sure it will
where's the plan? What's the cost to our TN economy? So many questions. No answers from you.
Please keep us updated and get back to us with your plan. Looking forward to your video after millions lose their coverage.
That sounds great Senator! May we see the plan?  That you've had years to develop?  An outline even? #hotair #swamprat #bought
TURNING CONTROL BACK OVER TO THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY HAS NEVER WORKED!

In the words of Congressman Joe Wilson, "You lie!"

.@SenAlexander @All100Senators Why can't you improve it as is?
down right lie. Risk pools. Once sick moved into high risk pool. Won't b able to pay for premium no care. Caps on spending etc
like you care about Tennesseans.
Please quit playing this video. We know you don't like #ACA but what is your solution? Tennesseans need to know.
keep making pie in the sky promises without any specifics on what will be kept, and you will be voted out
Why are you so happy to get rid of healthcare for 30 million Americans? #ACA
What's more important to you: insurance or healthcare?
you should work to improve and enhance rather than yank the rug out from the responsibly insured.
