I think that's your fault for pandering to insurance companies at the expense of your constituents.
the same useless bus ticket that kids in rural communities will have now bc of you and DeVos...
is it funny to you that people will die at every bus stop?
Bus or no bus, I still need health insurance for my preexisting conditions. #fixit
so fix it!
bull shit
Yeah, if you work it just right. You are a disgrace.
Stop acting so damn happy about pulling the legs out from your constituents' only lifeline. #RepairObamacare
As a Tennessean, it would be nice if you showed more initiative and backbone regarding your job.
you're a disappointment. Voting constituents I know who rely on ACA & good public schools in TN feel betrayed by you. Thanks
I'll let the single moms and veterans know you crashed their bus.
You sound happy about that. Maybe get cracking on a replacement for my family then? 2018 terrifies me.
while you have healthcare for life...
BTW I will write in my dogs name before I vote for you! Maybe Wes Wamp ran for the wrong office. He wanted to help TN
Thanks for the clarification.  Think of the time you would save if Ryan and Trump would say what they mean.
Thanks to the Republicans in office!
so vote for Tom price and get millions of pissed of people. Good plan good plan
And whose fault is that?
please provide specifics regarding your proposed replacement program. I will again call and email your office with a request
You make no sense. You voted for DeVos, & that explains a lot. You are in it for yourself and your Cronies!!
Then leave the ACA alone. Contrary to your spin, ACA helps, not hurts, people!
what are the alternatives you're suggesting in place of #Obamacare?If you vote for #tomprice it seems you're ok w repealing it
what is your solution. You have had the privlage of free tax payer funded health care for years. Shouldn't everyone? You do.
Cleaver. Now use your wit to draft the better plan Republicans have been promising but don't have after seven years.
because your billionaire friends took the bus money. No ACA Repeal
Kind of likeyou and your career!!
You're going to leave us with nothing, aren't you.  Strip the country to nothing.  Party of No now Party of Destruction.
As a breast cancer survivor, promises mean nothing. 6 yrs later & no plan to show is not confidence inspiring.
while he has healthcare for life...
that is exactly what we are scared od#f. Get with the program!!!
haslam refused the subsidy! How could we be holding something that our own politicians didn't give us!
What's your solution? Republicans so far haven't put forward anything of substance. Work for the people, x the aisle!
are the busses not running because someone de-funded social programs #metaphor problems
what a Smartass
Please don't repeal first. Pass a budget without repeal then work on a bipartisan replacement. Repeal first is too risky.
you've had 6 years to come up with something......tumble weeds. But u had time to sell your sole to President Bannon.
That's cause u set out from the start to obstruct and make it fail so u could ride in and pretend to save us. #Winteriscoming
Millions of Americans thank you for this asinine comment.
and your option is what???????????
oh you mean because Republican governors refused to implement it correctly?  Thanks, GOP.
I can't wait to vote against you.
Republicans have been trying to repeal ACA for over 4 years. Why haven't you been working on replacement? Rhetorical.
and what is your plan to replace ACA? The GFYS plan?!?  #Obamacare
you are an embarrassment to your state and your country for voting to confirm @BetsyDeVos
, You will receive the bus ticket out of office. TN Voters are voting you out.
not if you do as good a job replacing ACA as you did railroading DeVos into her new job.
are you going to come up with a replacement or continue to run your mouth
Next year, #Obamacare subsidy could be like holding a bus ticket in a town with no buses running. http://buff.ly/2kA3NUt 
Hey Intern that's tweeting for him.....tell him about the negative comments here and how he neglected TN teachers!!
are you going to enjoy watching your constituents die?
WHAT'S THE GOP'S MASTER PLAN?
Shame on you for your facilitation of DeVos' nomination.
you have been a great disappointed to the State of Tennessee
don't sound so chipper, it's unbecoming.
And simply repealing without replacing is like taking that bus ticket away & saying: we'll send a bus in 2018, meanwhile Uber.
whatever you're trying to say it just sounds rotten
you broke it you bought it.
you should be ashamed of yourself. You want the poor to die from lack of healthcare?
Your smug sneering comment ridicules those despairing for health care & you're not doing a damn thing to help them.
Senator Alexander, why so giddy about leaving people without health insurance?

we've heard you, now you need to hear us. Perhaps a townhall so your constituents can get *their* points across?
Per Harry Reid, Ocare was designed to fail to drive single payor.  Without Hillary their plans were dashed.
How about you stop bashing Obamacare and enlighten us with the GOP's top secret replacement plan. We're waiting . . .
where is your plan? *crickets* vote him out
as a Tennessee voter I'm deeply disturbed by the lack of a proposed replacement for the ACA. No repeal without a replacement.
cause the Republican work to kill it you don't want to help anybody unless you get something from it
perhaps you should come home and do a town hall. You seem horribly out of touch with your employers.

-Tennessean
yes, I second!
You are gleefully describing someone who can't get healthcare. Shame.
no, he's stating a fact. Shame
My fear as well
Pass Trumpcare today. Lower prices and better healthcare for every American who needs it.
better show us that plan. Nobody (including you and the President) seem to know what it is.
