When her family has funded your campaigns, your blond support just looks like #corruption
I can't imagine getting a job on one word answers in an interview! MADNESS! Let her really answer the questions!
we've already told you to vote no. Stop w/reasons why you won't listen to your constituents. We're informed. Still no.
I'm a TN voter who has tried tirelessly to contact your office to no avail. Don't hide. Vote no to DeVos.
and that doesn't make her qualified!  I don't know how she could be any less qualified!  Vote No for @BetsyDeVos!
Build a skilled labor force that will attract business to TN. Educate everyone and give us a chance to work.
she also said public schools should not be required to follow the law set in place for disabled students. She is a disgrace.
.@SenAlexander pause confirmations. Ensure Trump's legitimacy (FBI investigation of Russian interference) and competency (#MuslimBan) first.
Was that statement under oath?
Alternative answers
Don't be someone's puppet. Vote No on DeVos!
Devos is just wealthy donor to Repulsive Republican Party that's obsessed with PUSSY
Your constituents are speaking, @SenAlexander… Are you listening? Devos is unqualified. #VoteNODevos
Her mouth says no but her past history says yes. Please vote no on DeVos.
There are surely more qualified candidates who can do this job.
NO! Bring us a qualified candidate.  Do some extreme vetting on candidates.  Start w/: "Do you have teaching experience? Y/N"
no no no DeVos
why do teachers need to be HQ if the pick for SoE doesn't??
#despicabledevos  #DumpDevos
If your phone line is so busy with your constituents saying NO to DeVos, listen to us! Be OUR leader. Note NO on DeVos.
meanwhile the American public says "no" to Betsy DeVos. #dumpdevos
No one is sayin yes. You, sir, need to learn that no means no. You do not have our consent.
Jesus.. how much has she given you? She sucks.
's Tri-Cities office has a voicemail that is not yet full. Please call and tell him to vote no to Betsy DeVos. 423-325-6240
its full now. What a shame that Tennesseans cannot have their voice heard because the voicemail is full...
Listen to your constituents and vote NO
your constituents say no to DeVos. #youworkforus
This is a shameful promotion. Tennessee deserves better.
or whatch her be completely incompetent every other second of the bastardized hearing
Senator, why are we discussing Fed DOE? Do away with the Dept of Education and let the States educate our children.
won't listen to tennesseans Try @SenBobCorker 2018 is his election year. Maybe he will listen and #DumpDevos +1 (202) 224-3344
Where's the video of her saying bears were an actual threat to schools? #Unqualified #shameonyou @BetsyDeVos
Listen to the VOTERS! No to DeVos!
vote no!!
Please, vote no! Don't confirm #DeVos. She is completely out of touch with the public school system. #DumpDevos or get dumped!
Public schools today are filled with too many mandates. More of an indoctrination camp than a place of learning.
Do not confirm Betsy Devos. November 2018!
#NoBetsy
Please say NO to DeVos!
http://www.wsj.com/articles/rep-tom-price-got-privileged-discounted-offer-on-biomedical-stock-company-says-1485800769 …
You phone lines are so busy, I can't get through to tell you that as a Tennessee voter, I am asking you to not confirm her.
Nix on DeVos. The rural,minority SpEd kids I serve deserve better than a clueless dilettante. I expect more from you. Vote NO!
I am a voting, independent constituent n a military family tht sacrifices 4 America everyday. Vote no 2 DeVos and no 2 Pruitt!
Our kids deserve better than DeVos, someone with experience in education not someone buying cabinet position.
I can only imagine how hard it is to do the right thing and listen to your constituents, but it is your job! VOTE NO!!
Please vote NO to Betsy Devos! Your constituents are begging you to do the right thing!
Watch her show no support or clues about IDEA & kids with disabilities
Betsy Devos intends to dismantle public schools. Give her back the $$ she gave you and reclaim your soul.
I, a TN voter, ask you to #DumpDevos. Please listen!
Follow $. Her political donations don't help our children. Who did they help? Let's start investigating how they're voting.
Vote NO.
you are not fooling anyone... We all saw the rest of the hearing. #blockdevos you represent the people not trump act like it!
Listen, your constituents are saying #DumpDevos, Please listen
she did not say no to school choice; said she would not "mandate" a system to adopt.
Really?  The rest of her testimony indicated she had no grasp of the scope of these three leading questions.
please Vote no for that bish! She cray! #VoteNoDevos #DeVosFacts
Any plans to listen to your people, Lamar? They're demonstrating at your office and you're on Twitter
Please get off Twitter, Lamar, and listen to your constituents. Public education is to important to Tweet away.
And you believe her?  She will be working for the king of alternative facts! Boy, you have lost your sanity and roots!
Please vote "no"! Your constituents are taking note, and your vote is important!
She also said "no" to being able to explain the difference between proficiency and growth. #NotoDeVos
Your constituents are saying NO to Betsy DeVos. Please listen. #NoonDeVos
VOTE NO! Listen to your constituency. Why have you stopped listening to us?! Whose pocket are you in?
be advised: you are making career choices right now
I understand propping up a weak candidate, but she's unsalvageable. Build a firewall to protect others that can be saved.
GET OUT OF HER POCKET. She is a shameful choice for this job. Protect your constituents and stop promoting this billionaire.
.@SenAlexander Your phone lines still busy w/ constituents trying to reach you. Please delay action until they can voice their displeasure.
DeVos is wildly unpopular and even sane GOP Senators are standing against her.
vote no.
Support our President on temporary ban.
a secretary of ed. does not need to impose a 'mandate' to make policy preferences towards school choice.
And what'd she say about guns and grizzly bears again?
