You're duped and in denial .... do your job and stand up for the citizens of this country especially our children!
wait till your next chance at re-election and tell me how excited you are then!!!
Her 'capability' allowed for unchecked charters to ruin public ed in MI. Look at facts! #DumpDevos #saynotodevos
I question your judgement. You apparently have forgotten how to listen. You could have shown leadership, but no.
HONEST with your names in same sentence is a joke!
- Keep on citing other politicians. Keep on ignoring your constituents and actual teachers. She's not qualified!
We only wish she had taken this step before vying to become Sec'y of Education
keep patting yourselves on the back. Your constituents are watching you behave like cowards.
capability?! She doesn't know basic ed concepts & laws! Only power is inherited wealth #DumpDevos #saynotodevos
for-profit schools are an abomination to the education system. Vote no on DeVos.
So given how easy it is to waltz into a government position without proper qualifications, can I have your seat?
my high schoolers face consequences for plagiarism, like loss of credit consequences. will she?
.@SenAlexander .@MittRomney Are you kidding?
False
you are quite literally the only one, and frankly I don't even believe you.
Track record please...
Maybe we should get a plumber to make policy for the Senate. Better replace u w/ a plumber
you are letting Maryville down. Ashamed.
One oligarch supporting another oligarch. What a surprise. Romney was wrong about Trump, wrong about DeVos
"im truly,excited for devos's billions." Fixed it for you.thanks for the robber baron!
You want an honest and open look? Ask your teachers. We have been shouting but you don't seem to listen.
Romney also wrote most the ACA, but you aren't supporting that are you?
I'm not going to forget this Senator. She bought her way in and she's vastly unqualified for the position. Do better
aw, Mitt. I'm disappointed in you.
how can you say she is qualified??  Seriously @MittRomney who did you sell your soul too? Please stand up for our future!!
WTF is honest when she wasnt honest with you?????
I'm not excited at all. Huge error in judgement by promoting this nominee. Vote NO on DeVos.
won't listen to tennesseans Try @SenBobCorker 2018 is his election year. Maybe he will listen and #DumpDevos +1 (202) 224-3344
ashamed to be an American.
mmm you don't seem to understand the meaning of the word "honest," do you?
you are out of your mind. She never ever went to a public school.
love to know how much she paid you for that statement
what a shame you are not for the people.
she destroyed the school system in MI and now she'll destroy it nationwide.
The education of our kids should not be politicised. Devos is not qualified.
There is no longer anything "honest" about the #Republican party #Shame #Recall
Are you sleeping with her?
enjoy your final term.
Your TL looks a tad rough right now. As if the majority of parents and teachers didn't want you to support her.
'no' sincerely, people who have kids actually IN public schools.
$ bought her seat. Shame on you Lamar.
- I guess her responses and being unqualified don't matter as long as she's rich. You clowns are despicable.
#Tennessee will remember your role in confirming #BetsyDeVos.
yes? And do you care about The People's wants and educators' opinions? If so, she's not what PUBLIC SCHOOLS need.
you just helped to destroy public schools in America!  The purpose is unqualified candidate!
You will be judged by this! It doesn't look good. Sold out and washed up.
You're not LISTENING you will get voted out in midterms in 2018 your state is indeed paying attention
Are you excited about imposing a plagiarist to become Secretary of Education?
he only said that because he got millions of dollars from her let's get real. Grow a spine
Cowardly.  $'s over integrity.
Shame. Shame. Shame.
Have fun w/your conscience, knowing that 95% of your constituents were calling your various offices, opposing her.
You just lost a voter.  I believe she will not be good for our nation's children. @SenAlexander @MittRomney
Clueless and heartless?
she is not qualified and an embarrassment to our education system. http://How.Dare.You .
sold out to the highest bidder. 200 million dollars gets you head of education
Who bought you? It's the only explanation as to why you've ignored your very vocal constituency. What a legacy.
shame on you senator Alexander. We are all watching in Nashville, and there are many of us!!!
well this looks good for your pre school you are invested in
you both are supporting cronyism. What does that make you? $$$$ > . Your stance has been solid. You took the $$$
she just plagiarized on her questions to the committee!
Please give it up. DeVos isn't qualified and you know it.
what is she dedicated to? #failingschools in Detroit.  Is there anyone in the senate that cares about children?
my son is 11, special needs. Thanks for not giving a crap about our kids or our schools
I bet you're really excited that she gave YOU $70K, Lamar. Way to trade our kids from some campaign cash.
stop patting yourself on the back. you have let the people of Tennessee down. We want real change and we could have it
lucky for your state we have a Governor who thinks outside party lines and does the right thing. you have failed this state
Duncan was awful.  King was awful.  DeVos seems like a train wreck but "she loves kids."
Disgraceful that a vote of yes would come from this committee Cheating is now ok in school http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/31/politics/betsy-devos-plagiarism-obama-official/index.html …
thank you for not listening to anyone in the state of TN. Thanks for not caring about our children.
She has NO experience in edu. except for setting up a caste system with charter schools. Incompetence in action.
we demand to know # of calls, emails, visits you received demanding NO on #DeVos. We made our voice heard and you ignored.
She is wrong for the job.She lacks what is needed to succeed and I am disappointed in you. We can not fail its our only chance
She is unqualified and you know it. It's all about her donations. I will actively campaign against you.
Charter Schools drain our public education system with terrible results: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_htSPGAY7I …
the guy who started for-profit college that no longer satisfies fed standards & saddled us w/ student debt.
except when it comes to citing sources. She's not qualified.
Ms. DeVos is not what she says. Not against Common Core. Promotes Isl*m. Vote NO!
STOP. Listen to your constituents!!!!! We WILL vote you out!
Nothing like filling a cabinet seat with an unqualified person!
