thank goodness you listened to your constituents who have been pleading you to vote no for weeks.
Your ignorance of education will be the death of public ed. You put a homeschool billionaire in instead of an educator.
@SenJohnMcCain Your ignorance of education will be the death of public ed. You put a homeschool billionaire in instead of an educator.
You will not have my vote for re-election, ever.
The only reason she got the position is the money she donates to the GOP.  We will remember in 2018 and vote you out.
Hope she paid you enough to warrant the complete forfeiture of your dignity and character! 
, you failed our children. And the children in your family. How does that feel?
this is a bad idea, and we will remember
YOUR YES VOTES IS BAD ENOUGH BUT NOW YOU CENSOR SENATOR WARREN. THIS IS A WAR AND I WILL FIGHT WITH WOMEN. YOU HAVE GONE 2 FAR
I think Sen Alexander should hold a town hall for Tennesseeans and start answering our questions
This is ridiculous. Sometimes I forget why our state has such a bad reputation. It's because of idiotic things like this. Sad.
What a joke.... you sir are nothing more than a DC insider outside of the know these days
shame on you for voting for #BetsyDeVos
this is so unfortunate- Devos was the wrong choice
when is this guy up for reelection? he's got to go!
I would like to see the number of calls your office received supporting vs. opposing her confirmation. Can you offer that?
your constituents said "NO"
DeVos and people like her have bought this entire country. Who will save us from the money? 
U will pay for this one Repukes.   This woman is COMPLETELY UNQUALIFIED and will do nothing to improve our educational system.
you just sold our kids out. Totally unqualified lasy
You have not listened and TN will rememeber.
indeed we will. Come election time, we'll remember.
Prepare to lose your seat next voting period
how much did she contribute to your campaign, huh? #Cronyism
I urge everyone to vote for anyone BUT him next time 
I urge a speeding yes vote for AG Sessions!!!!
I'm so very disappointed in you. You are not the same man who was governor. All these years in politics have corrupted you.
I urge you to quit
shame on you
#2020 is coming . I urge us to find a new Senator.
This vote affects every one I love, students and teachers alike. I pray to God you made the right call.
you or Corker didn't listen to you constituents so looking forward to casting my vote for someone else!!!
appalled at your vote #angryconstituent
Wish I could count the $$$$ she put in your pocket.

#midterms2018
you are so far removed from being able to understand what is needed for that job. U all will end up destroying this country.
She paid you to play. You will be held accountable for her failures.
you got it but at what cost?
The only "yes" you'll get from me is that yes, you just helped destroy education. Congrats!
Your support of DeVos is an embarrassment and a disgrace
YOU DID NOT LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!!! Shame on you!
you're the worst. We will remember this in the voting booth. Thanks for nothing.
I can't wait to vote you out of a job
I called you with multiple reasons to vote NO #kidsrights NOT being respected
your term has come to an end. Voting no on you too.
did you forget that you're a representative of the people? Perhaps you need a reminder. #11/3/2020
- you paid hack. You are gonna be real sorry you voted this way. #RememberIn2018
truly sad!
I know you hear us, you wouldn't feel compelled to retweet your defiant position so often if not. Explain yourself.
since your nose is so far up tRumps butt I expected as much from u...pathetic
thanks for showing no regard for the most vulnerable children in our nation. Shame on you!
Your constituents urged NO!
this is the fundamental problem with today's Congress. You are OUR representative. You work for US. #replacealexander
so disappointed in you.
where are the retweets of  the vote no crowd??
WHY?
I hope she does well, but she's got a lot to prove given the fact it looks like she's only in the role bc of donations.
I urge you to listen to your constituents
@SenBobCorker Chattanooga and Tennessee in an educational crisis. #DeVos no help to Tennessee. Shame on you both
thanks for selling our children's future to the highest bidder
you are an embarrassment.
You've let down Tennessee.
go away
I'm going to vote so hard when you go up for reelection...
You literally ran a major public university before becoming SecEd. She fights for-profit charter accountability. #NoOnDeVos
she gave you 50k. You are a bought and sold swamp creature who has lost not only my vote but also my respect.
You need to listen to the voters.  NO ON DEVOS!
.@SenAlexander Shame on you from a TN voter.
You are a traitor to your constituents.
NO ON DEVOS
If you vote for DeVos, you lose my vote. Please do not support incompetence in our cabinet.
stand up against DeVos, TN does not want DeVos Represent your people, vote NO
no on DeVos! Vastly unqualified! Majority of your constituents be she is NOT qualified.
Good to see you don't listen to your constituents. Bought and paid for much?
You chose to ignore the consistent requests of your constituents to vote #NoonDeVos. Your vote was purchased #WeWillRemember

VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!
enjoy your last term and I hope the money was worth selling out your constituents #shame #noDevos #wewillremember
Your constituents urge a NO vote. You work for us!
DeVos is not remotely qualified. You have failed the children of this nation & Tenn. #NoOnDeVos #resign
Sure, ignore your constituents.... Ignore us and we'll get rid of you.
this is dissapointing
How much of a kickback does @BetsyDeVos give you each time you tweet?
she is unqualified.  The voters will remember.
I'm honestly sad I decided to follow my senators #noDevos
RESIGN
Parents of children with special needs are determined, organized, and WATCHING YOU.  Mendacity about precedent will not save U
and we will urge a NO vote for you in the next election #yourvoteisforsale#NOintegrity
then you are not listening to your constituents @PowerTogetherTN @tndp
BOOOO! #SHAME
Shame on you.
how can I support your position if you continue to ignore my requests?  Again, if this support is to curry favor I understand
Finally Alexander says something sensible!
do you honestly think she is the most qualified and experienced candidate for this position? Is she really the best we have?
how much did she donate to your campaign?
please vote no to DeVos
, you out of all Senators should understand the importance of ED's role in protecting civil rights and public education.
You are a traitor to your country and education.
$$$$$$$$$$ is all you care about and bending over for amway $ the people will remember
as a parent of public school kids in Memphis I am so deeply disappointed in your decision to support @BetsyDeVos
against the will of the people!! Vote no
So disappointing, Senator. There are so many more qualified choices who do not also have the financial interests in education.
#noDevos , this is our childrens future! !
I urge you to resign and let intelligent people take over.
No. Devos is not qualified, shame on you.
it's almost like you are trying to talk yourself into your vote for her
Tweeting while voting. Classy, Lamar, classy. We said no. You didn't listen.
.@SenAlexander How much money did it cost to buy this "urgency"?
