every one in Tennessee has put up with shit representatives, but you're the first national one to make me ashamed of my state
she is incompetent
I'am sure ya do, how much has she given you?
you've sold America's public schools and our children's futures for campaign ca$h. How do you sleep???
So much for adult in the room. Now U appear to be another douche with (R) next to his name:
You are against children with disabilities. Can't believe it.
how could you subject our children to her incompetence?! Shame on you Senator Alexander!
When does the committee vote on DeVos?We need someone that will support public education which is for ALL the kids. #DumpDeVos
I am embarrassed for you-  to support someone so completely out of her league just demonstrates your complete lack of integrity
So when the term drain the swamp is used it means fill it up with billionaires and their family members #DTS
as a public school graduate, father of public school children, and husband of a public school employee, I'm ashamed of you sir
Me too. She'll destroy public education. She's utterly unqualified for the job
Please reconsider your support for Ms. Devos. She is abysmally unqualified.
Watched the hearing you conducted; she was clueless, didn't know IDEA. Children in some states and localities need protection.
after that hearing??? Are you serious? She doesn't even understand FEDERAL law.
As a public librarian and an American who believes education is the cornerstone of our democracy, shame on you.
you've always billed self as knowledgeable in the field. Partisanship and money means more to you than the future of children.
She proved that she is completely unfit for this position. She has no opinion on the debate about measuring progress! Come on!
Shame on you: the public schools deserve a champion, not a big donor know-nothing.
How can you support DeVos confirmation? Have you been listening to her answers?Do you have children in public school? I have 3
Shame on you! All of these shady appointments are duly noted and will be remembered come election time.
my children deserve better
I find your support of her horrifying. This is about the future of our children and she is clearly unqualified.
hadn't even finished the ethics review stop lying!!! #ActDumb
Good Lord, the woman is clueless although she does know how to lie superbly. Wasn't for mega donation$ you'd think so 2; maybe
You are an embarrassment to Tennesseeans.
Has she or her family donated to your campaign? That's the only thing that would explain your behavior during the hearing.
Yes, they have.
That explains everything
Lamar you have just lowered the bar of my opinion of you. You have sold public education to the highest bidder
BINGO!
As a new resident of TN I can't express how disappointed I am in your support of DeVos. She is unqualified and unfit.
Better video
you're an embarrassment to American democracy. Delete your account.
r u getting paid by the tweet senator? this is upsetting how much ur singing #betsydevos praises.
if she gets in we will look forward to voting you out of office
Shame in you - she is unqualified
Two racist bible thumpers! Geez, you guys have lost it.
She is unqualified and clueless.  You railroaded her conf process for no logical reason.  #DeVosHearing
no to DeBos...no and no
your mailbox is full - can't leave messages of dissent! Is it billionaires over education - u sold USA to the highest bidder!
We need a second round of hearings for DeVos, Senator. The citizens of this country are calling on you to do your duty.
Sick, just so sick of everything right now; it seems ignorance and greed has taken over our country.
You were going to approve her NO MATTER WHAT.
@DougLambornCD5 Disaster waiting for our education system. Is this really what you want for your legacy? #devoshearing
the goal should be improving our education system, not dismantling it.
She sucks. She doesn't even know basic knowledge about the position she is appointed for. Please don't confirm her.
under the cover of darkness, you ass hat. And she's as qualified as a screen door for a submarine.
You are a great deal smarter than this "predator-elect". We need friends of Public education. We're #49. Look @ the ignorance
#RepublicanParentsAgainstDeVos shame children R considered so unimportant that least qualified nominee is pushed4 EdSec $speak
you're fucking kidding, right? Goddammit how do you and @SenBobCorker keep getting elected?
You would not hire an intern with a comparable interview. She was not prepared and ignorant on the basics of the job.
Insulting to educators.
I am very upset that these hearings have been shoved, so very quickly, under the rug. How can hearing this short be effective.
My future campaign contributions will go toward anyone who opposes Senator Alexander.
how much of your campaign has been funded by DeVos family campaign contributions? Disclosure please?
she's never interacted with the people in public education system and isn't qualified for the job.
Grizzlies? Really, senator?
Devos: ZERO teaching experience & doesn't even know education laws. Your competency as chair is in question. You support THAT?
Unqualified, has no experience in education, can't answer questions.  Only a homophobic billionaire, that's it.
Because she contributed to your campaign, because she is CLEARLY NOT qualified for this position.
Betsy DeVos has destroyed public education in Michigan not to mention her support for common core
IDEA is the only protection special needs children have and turning it over to individual states will harm them
she is unqualified and dangerous to all children but especially special needs children
and you will screw tn we will remember
I hope that you reconsider. It is obvious to anyone who cares about public schools that she does NOT & has no business in it
I'm SOOO Disappointed. Make her pay the $5.3 million she owes for breaking laws! http://www.circlevilleherald.com/community/brown-devos-failed-to-pay-ohio-million-for-breaking-election/article_dc23f3aa-b4dd-5334-8c68-f76dee649701.html …
Why aren't the phone lines to your office working? How much did she donate to your campaign?
Betsy Devos on political donations and pay-to-play: "We do expect something in return."  http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/betsy-devos-trumps-big-donor-education-secretary …
.@SenAlexander So you detest the US public school system so much that you support a woman who will destroy it? 
#DumpDevos
.@SenAlexander Notice you are not posting the hearing. Honestly Senator, you must have worries. She is not competent. Very sad.
 kids deserve at least the bare minimum in SOE   Person that knows BASIC fundamentals to FEDED. @AliceLinahan
w/ just 5 min of ?s per person, her incompetence was clear. u tried 2 cover 4 her, but she floundered. i question ur judgment.
After your performance yesterday- you need to resign
With all due respect, Senator, you have grossly lowered the bar for America's children. Please demand better. #Obligated
I would almost never say this in any other context, even as dogcatcher, but Sarah Palin would be a better choice than DeVos.
It is shameful that you did not let the members ask more questions. Why stifle democracy? Tennessee needs a Senator upgrade. @SenAlexander
She is incompetent. Please do not do this to public education.
Keep America Stupid is what you're all about and eroding education for children. Be ashamed.
.@SenAlexander I strongly urge you to reconsider your opinion of DeVos. Lack of knowledge about public education and poor past performance.
Your unwavering support of DeVos causes me to question your judgment. Ystrdy's hearing evidenced her utter lack of credentials
thank you for this support.. I haven't been happy with you lately but this is a good move..
the woman showed yesterday she has not one clue how the system SHE IS GOING TO RUN works.

Not one clue.

-Republican
you should be ashamed of yourself!
What a hack job you did yesterday. Shame on you.
But she has a proven track record of failure and has shown she only cares about rich, white, christian children.
so that's probably why she will not take a salary.. no wait...that can't be right #MediocreNegroesForTrump
No B DeVos.  Incompetent and out of touch.  Bad choice for kids/families.
another teacher, right?? If your doing your job you don't need a union...#MediocreNegroesForTrump
Watching video of hearings, she appears to be the most incompetent of the nominees. You're not representing Tennessee well.
he is totally representing me and the neighbors I have here in TN.. be care who you are speaking for liar...
You will not be representing TN and you will not get re-elected for this. The people are watching and our kids deserve better!
.@SenAlexander you are wrong on this!  Shame on you for not working for the best interests of our children. Blood will be on your hands.
I am guessing you are a teacher who will not be able to depend on union to keep your job.
I don't know of any teacher that depends on a union to keep their job. Teachers' unions can rarely save a job.
doesn't even have the courage to allow me to see whatever she/he has tweeted cc: @TNR1CK
Oh, I see.  No, actually I'm not a teacher.  I'm a software developer who has 3 kids in public school.
.@TNR1CK Could someone who isn't blocked by @lovabledeplora1 let her know - I'd like to prove her wrong.   She's obviously a dolt.
