The Hell she does! Have you looked around Detroit? Didn't think so. All them zeroes are all you needed to see...
Lets get #ScottPruitt approved...
check her record its not good
Name One. Please name one. I am a concerned parent and constituent. Name just one.
She has NO track record...thats the point.
this is a sad day for public education. You will not have my vote again
Keep trying to convince us.  Worst possible choice.  You are for sale, clown.

one example please
is she donating per tweet?
Oh yeah! Name one thing she has done for public education-- the place where the majority of American kids go.
show me your accurate sourced information
This is about education--for all children, including those with special needs.
No, Sir.  Disappointed in you.
how??????? Rich elitist silver spoon fed children that go to private school?????
She has a track record of running for profit pseudo science centers where desperate families pay tons.
no. She has a proven track record of being a billionaire. She is not in any way qualified #NotoDeVos
your support of this unqualified individual has lost my support as a qualified voter
Senator, you championed the ESS Act and I respect you but supporting a DeVos is a disservice to TN, children, and our country
SHE DOES NOT. U NEED TO HELP CONTROL TRUMP. HES A LOOSE CANNON. WE WILL NOT VOTE FOR U OR ANY REPUB EVER AGAIN!
Tweeting more about her wont make her a better choice. Answer your phone! Respond to constituents! Praying 3 more vote no! #November2018
But she has no real experience as an educator or in public education at any level
I am disgusted
#alternatefact What world do you live in?
Actually no she doesn't. She has a press kit.
What work has she done to enhance the education of those in public schools?
You Tn Senators better block trump some way or we will vote u out next go round. Represent me 4 once
"Improve the lives of *priveledged children across the country." Fixed that for you.
really?failing charter schools or her horrendous voucher programs?Or wait her lack of knowledge about education
Alexander just solidified his retirement plans and tarnished his legacy.
Name one ?
liar
and what about her Special Education record ... or even PUBLIC SCHOOL record ...
RE: Devos. Honestly don't know what you're talking about. What IS this important track record of improving lives
she has no proven track record and SHE LIED TO YOU
THINKS ALL SCHOOLS NEED GUNS TO PROTECT FROM GRIZZLY BEARS!

Seriously? How did you not disqualify her from this
she has never stepped foot in a public school classroom as a teacher, never wrote a lesson plan, and ....
i know that @SenateMajLdr is not a stupid man, but to say that Devros has a proven track record in edu is a flat out lie.
AS THEY WONT KNOW GOW TO READ.  thanks to Betty Devros confirmation.  So there is that positive. /s
appologies for spelling mistake. Approval.

Please note, future USians wont know that I made a spelling error ..
at this point it is clear that @SenateMajLdr has no conscience & will sell the US soul for Trumps aporoval.
Your unending support for Her Idiocy is disgraceful and irresponsible. I hope people remember this in 2020.
Absolutely unbelievable that you think this person is qualified for this job...oh wait...you voted for trump.
please show me this record.  I beg of you.  Trying to kill teachers union doesn't count. 1 instance in classroom
she has never taught one solitary student or monitored a hall.  SHE HAS NEVER EVER WROTE A FUCKING LESSON PLAN!!
when?  Where??  PROVE IT!!  She has NEVER worked in public education!!!! She has never ever been a teacher.
this is laughable you sellout
This TN voter disagrees wholeheartedly. I want better for my 2 kids in public school. Vote NO on DeVos.
Senator! As an American teacher I abhor what Betsy DeVos stands for in regards to education! She lacks any knowledge of Pub Ed
yup, she makes them dumber, just like her. As a parent of public school students, you will NEVER get my vote.
did you sprain something performing the mental gymnastics to convince yourself of that?
tell us what she has done ! Enlighten us Alexander .
won't listen to tennesseans Try @SenBobCorker 2018 is his election year. Maybe he will listen and #DumpDevos +1 (202) 224-3344
@BetsyDeVos is extraordinarily unqualified for this position. Our kids deserve better. #secular #public #schools
only rich children
she has a track record of destroying education!! Look at Michigan you clueless fool!! #DeVosvote
WRONG!
If we qualify "important work" to include handing checks out to buy positions of power then yes
the only thing she's proven is that unchecked charters fail. Don't reward bad policy! #NotoDeVos #DumpDevos
the problem is she HASN'T improved the lives of children across the nation. Appalled that you can't see that.
you paid attention to your bank account, not the thousands who were trying to tell you they want you to vote no.
you are NOT a leader. The campaign against you has begun!
yeah look at how well all her work had done for Detroit.
how much money did she give you to get that vote? She's clearly unqualified.
That's laughable. She's a joke. You have become one as well.
no she doesn't. I don't know a single person who thinks she's in any way qualified for the position.
Why will she not publicly state her public school initiatives ? Her millions to GOP is her qualification. #L's
please give a list of her track record! You cannot. She has zero desire to hep public education.
Stop the shit Lamar. You dragged that dead horse over finish line. McConnell will stroke you now. Good boy
FYI, we the people aren't buying this. Most of us know REAL teachers who do more in a day than she's ever done
Very disappointing. You have not listened to QUALIFIED public school educators or your constituents.
we demand accountability; make public the # of calls, emails, VMs and visits from constituents who said #NoDeVos
She has 0 experience in teaching/public ed. It is irresponsible for you to endorse the privatization of schools
How much is @BetsyDeVos paying u as above is absolute bs! A school janitor has more edu experience than her.
where?! Because in Michigan the schools she worked with performed considerably worse than neighboring schools.
You are hideous. Sold out Americas kids 4 corporate billions. And was blank check 4 a mad tyrant. Some legacy.
My years of respect for you is gone. What happened to you ?
You clowns cannot be shamed anymore, can you. #SELLOUTS
plagerism at the collegiate level is grounds for automatic explosion... Do it for the government you get a job!?
how much money did Devos give to his campaign? Wonder if his constituents support Devos? For the People....by the people
SHAME ON YOU!  Have you sold out to the highest bidder? I think so...
you had one job Lamar, one job - to listen to your constituents. #VoteNoDevos
-"& she's got lots of $ that I will need if I have a chance of beating Peyton Manning next election ."
Saw you ignore rules, forbid debate & pass her with the deciding voter not present. 
Thrilling as Ruby Tue scam?
Shame on you for backing DeVos! ALL of our children/students deserve excellence!
this is a straight up lie
grossly disappointed by this. What "proven track record" does #DeVos have other than giving millions 2 congress
Let her continue that important work with her foundation and not the public schools!
You're both terrible people and leaders.
there has to be someone more qualified
How much did she pay you to say that?  Hope it was worth it. You as much of an empty chair as your days at UT.
she's never set foot in a public school. God doesn't have a place in public schools and private schools don't deserve tax $$$$
She has none of that Senator, and you damn well know it. She bought and paid for you, you souls wonder
why do we vote for you if you don't listen to the American people! You be for school choice and still vote no
can you send me this track record?? I have never seen it and neither have you
what a disgrace
She is not qualified and I question your common sense. Senator you are power hungry.  Time to retire?
Buying off the administration is not improving the lives of children--or America. Terrible!
I guess that shows proficiency then...no, wait, that's progress. Oh, I forget which is which. #NotoDeVos
Her "important work" only proves that she's not fit. Happy to know your greed is more important.
Betsy's track record is buying whatever she wants.
She and those who support her will harm the lives of children across America. #werememberwevote
seriously, she has to be paying you something. This is just ridiculous.
#Wrong You created the widest education gap in history. It's easy when you have #NoSkinInTheGame #ProfitWon
no - she has a record of breaking down public education. As a former teacher, I am confused and insulted by her nomination
that is why the charter schools in Michigan are so wonderful, NOT!
In education? Because we don't see it. We ask students to support with evidence. Where's her evidence? #noDevos
Seriously? How disappointing. What work has she done to HELP public schools?! NONE.
SHAME ON YOU - also we r protesting in front of your office right now
'DeVos is a horrible choice for our kids' me, father of 2 TN students, husband of teacher, and your constituent
.@SenAlexander .@SenateMajLdr Let's see the record. Can you list 5 things she's done to improve lives of children? Didn't think so.
she is not qualified vote no
My senators will not even take my calls @senmarcorubio @SenBillNelson
she just got caught plagiarizing most of her Senate questionnaire. Where have ethics gone? Do morals matter?
she has no proven record except failure in Detroit and paying off senators! Based on your actions. You are one
she has never helped a single child. You lie
Betsy has no idea what Individual Disabilities Education Act is! How much money did she line your pockets with?
Can you provide factual information regarding her track record? Sad day for public school students and teachers.
She's grossly unqualified. How much is she paying you? Time to get out of office, you spineless hack.
So did Mr. Rogers, should he be Sec of Education? What about Jerry Lewis? What about millions of others?
As a resident of TN I have great respect for what you have done for our state but you are wrong on this one @SenAlexander. Disappointed.
@Trump_Alt_Facts Michigan's actual results post-Betsy terrible and you know it. Politics over kids? Shameful.
like in Michigan?
you're getting a great track record of not hearing out your constituents & tweeting D.C. insider talking points insread #sad
How do you sleep at night?
Betsy has a proven track record of buying off Senators. 
I'm sure @SenAlexander got a nice lump sum!
except that isn't true. She's worked to use public money to fund pro right wing schools.
