What about the people who want health insurance, but can no longer afford it under your plan?
We must fire these assholes when we can. They don't care about real people. Only the dollar.
I hope that you will consider the CBO report when available. None of the analysis of TrumpCare have shown savings and coverage
Spineless. I look forward to funding and supporting your 2020 opponent to the best of my abilities.
Did you get those figures from #fakenews? What about the 200,000+ who will lose coverage?
With all due respect, the age rating will make my premiums jump even higher. Please discuss with those who understand this.
if it is so darn great why is the bill so reviled by the AMA and AARP? And many Republicans with a backbone.
.@SenAlexander Imagine how much better off they could have been if you'd done your job instead of rooting for Obama to fail.
you sir just lie!
stop selling your soul to the insurance companies
REPAIR not REPEAL
Someone is speaking with a forked tongue I can't tell who is right Paul or Ryan You cannot repeal without a replacement
No individual mandate!!! It's unfair.
WHAT A BUNCH OF BS LIES U TELL AND EXPECT PEOPLE TO BELIEVE IT BECAUSE YOU SAY SO BUT IT IS ALL LIES!!w!!!
WHY don't you fix #ACA??? #Trumpcare is a disaster--will hurt many children, working families, women, and older Americans
So who will be taking care of the 230,000 estimated Tennesseans who would lose insurance: hospitals (aka Tennessee taxpayers)?
50% of Medicaid recipients are CHILDREN. This cannot be highlighted enough.
Anthem in process of buying out Cigna. They support immediate passage of TrumpCare. Be a leader for TN, do not approve bill
Did you just make up a number? Have you read the bill? No one else is making this claim.
That's why Humana's fucking TN voters & Drumpf's next pep rally is where? Knoxville? Transparent enough, Fudge Packer Ryan.
Rescued by the Drumpfcare Humana/Aetna Merger backdoor deal? Price wrote the inside-trade portion? How much stock you buy?
If selling insurance across state lines is the solution for AHCA, why is that not the solution for the ACA?  #ACA  #Trumpcare #GOPCare
think you should do your homework better. Show us those facts......facts please!
How so?
IS THIS TRUE?  OR JUST A CONVENIENT PROMISE?  DO THE RIGHT THING, SEN ALEXANDER.
you know TN didn't support the Medicaid expansion part of ACA. You are being misleading. You're in the insurance co. pockets
your prior statement on healthcare reform insisted u would not support something unless it's BETTER than ACA. Were u lying?
you assume the private market will have affordable plans, which has not been historically true (Hence the ACA) - disingenous
You can offer affordable healthcare for all Americans if you stop giving away the store to the ultra rich.
Americans need universal healthcare. Canada and Britain provide healthcare to citizens. America is inhumane toward its own people.
This is a misleading statement, technically next years coverage is yet to be decided
BALANCE BUDGET? STOP USING TAX $$ PAY 75% OF CONGRESS HEALTH INS PREMIUMS! STOP SUBSIDIZING THE SELF ENTITLED REPUBLICANS!!!
MIN WAGE LESS RENT, FOOD MONTHLY PREM AND $16,000 DED IS SIMPLY MAKING WORKING POOR SUBSIDIZE INSUR COS WHICH U WANT
your unaffordable healthcare is an act of nazi death squads! do math on min wage - rent-food-monthly prem and ALL EXPENSES OOP
Please commit to putting yourself on the same healthcare plan that is made available to the average citizen of your age.
give us the same healthcare you enjoy and retirement benefits like you have.
won't work
@knoxnews this is so much crap!  Have you even read the proposal?  Or have you just decided to retire with Humana gold?
And how can you support a bill when you have no idea WHAT it will cost?  Don't do it fast, DO IT RIGHT.
Do you think we do not know the AMA, Am Hospital Assoc, AARP, nurses' orgs are ALL AGAINST THIS? They KNOW harm this will do.
Do you think we do not READ?  Do you think we do not know that many GOP are BOLTING from this horrible plan?
Fix the for-profit insurance that is abandoning ACA, and these 40K plus more will benefit.  Tr*mpCare only helps young/rich!
I'll be charitable & call this "fiction". Fewer benefits, higher premiums, sicker pool. Older adults 5x premiums!
BULLSH*T.  Stop following party lines and start caring about your constituents!
tapped my phones illegally. So low!
what about mental health? Why isn't it a priority to you people?
you are full of partisan propaganda. Great work.
New healthcare bill does not improve care. Repeal without a true replacement is irresponsible. Please vote against.
absolutely not! How can you bring yourself to even make these claims?
maybe we should look at moving HC back into a nonprofit like it once was? That might be something to look at.
absolutely!  salary caps for execs, 0 tax breaks, Canadian prescriptions, competition is good! No $ to Congress
I can't tell if you're just deeply lacking accurate information or an absolute liar.
- guess our poor folks are just lucky the TN lege refused Medicaid expansion, right??  #DoYourJob
and you will be the first to sign up to show us all how great it is??
If you are really worried about Tennessean having coverage, why didn't TN take the Medicaid expansion? GOP plan - no good.
Not as long as TNCare isn't acted upon.  We can hear & see your BS!
liar!
Senator how much is it going to cost?  Don't know do you. So how can you say it's going to be good for Tennessee?
This bill won't make it through the Senate as is.   Tell the House to make it right.
have the CBO report showing that? Cuz otherwise you're just lying for your false god $$$ & its corporate pharisees who own you
@All100Senators Stop sabotaging ACA-make insur co's participate execs make over $15m yr! death spiral-how are they making $Ms?
#Lie #Liar #OnlyCaresAboutTheRich  #ProfitOverPeople #Hypocrite #Trump
#trumpedupcare
Either you're really this blind or just trying to rip-off those who don't know any better.
People don't NEED insurance. They NEED health care.
Insurance is not health care. It is risk arbitrage. And it exploits Fear.
Account for individual risk systemically and you solve the entire problem. @republicofmath
Use Occam's Razor to excise the entire health insurance industry.  @PhilosophyNow
Best suggestion yet. Universal Healthcare!
.@SenAlexander Sir, We have so many questions. Please schedule a Town Hall. Please face those for who you cast your votes.
no it won't!  Haslem accepting the Medicare expansion would though. Can't wait to change Lamar Alexander parkway Obama Drive:)
IS AHCA really needed in toto to provide this relief? No.
How can you honestly say this is what your constitutes want, when so many of us are speaking against it?
For Republicans, "constituents" is code for lobbyists & special interest grps. That's who they really work for
and why? Could it be the GOP sellout over the last 6 years? This isn't leadership. It is a travesty.
boy, young @RepJoeKennedy  is a good one isn't he?  We really like his honesty.
how can you be so clueless. ....
Sen.... we need a ceiling price on hospitals and insurance companies!!!!!!!
Start with supply companies and insurance companies. If a bed or antibiotics didn't cost as much as a house ..
who are we to believe, you or every reputed H/C analyst, economist and association that's looked at it? Tough call
Sarcasm ;-)  It seems if our esteemed republican colleagues lips r moving. they r lying. Easy Peasy...
How will baby boomers under 65 afford these options with 5x age rating now allowed? What about mental health benefits?
This may or may not be true, but there are much better ways to accomplish this, and the "options" will be horrible.
By stealing $346B  out of medicare trust funds I paid in too Your stealing my money to give to the !%
Expected not to have options because of market reactions to the repeal movement? Or for another reason?
oh god. You're the worst. You seem to not realize cause and effect. Companies pulled out in anticipation of repeal.
Lol, k
