then let's do away with the Dept of Education completely
She will weaken public schools by diverting federal money to private schools, which really hurts your rural constituents.
I'm in Hohenwald and my kids have IEP's. I am devastated. Rural areas and special education will be hardest hit
Best of luck. It's important now to remember in the coming years who got us to this point, and vote them out.
I will not only vote them out, I will campaign as hard as I can for their opponents. I feel totally betrayed.
disappointed in your work. No more votes from me.
TN finally making gains in STEM. If this suffers, I will blame you.
oh boy you probably don't know the dif bt growth and proficiency as well.
Sad blunder on your part. You're straying farther & farther away from the gubernatorial candidate who walked TN in red plaid
She is fundamentally unqualified to lead the Education Department
Memphis is proof local politics can destroy kids hope @ solid edu. We need natn'l input. Can't wait to vote against you.
good now you are taking your clues from kelly ann...alternative facts
No she will attempt to dismantle public schools and local districts in favor of privatization and "Choice". #DeVosDisgrace
news
She is totally unqualified for this job. Way to sell out.
you are going down sir as per TZn teachers
To the highest bidder. Sell out.
I'd love for you to release your call records to see how many tennesseans begged you not to confirm DeVos. 1/2
Oh, she'll be reversing lots of things!  Like educating the poor and minorities!  Gotta keep those donors happy, huh?
Don't forget the kids with disabilities! She'll reverse education on those, too.
IDEA is already gone off the website. Federal protection, years of advocacy GONE!
going against your constituents is bad form especially since we pay you and for your healthcare. Do what's right for Tennessee
who was in control of public schools if not the local school boards?
bull shit
Shameful. Shameful.
No on Sessions!!! His record does not reflect that of a person concerned with protecting equitable rights.
I cannot begin to explain how disappointed I am in you and @SenBobCorker for ignoring the calls of your constituents.
Yes. It will be remembered Mid Term Election
Shame on you @SenAlexander.  You sold out America's children for a few $$.  DeVos is a shameful vote that you will regret.  You let us down
Doesn't even look like he got paid.
Its funneled other ways but if he was gonna sell us out you'd think he wouldn't be so cheap!
- will she also "reverse" the IDEA?!  It's been removed from the Dept of Ed website already!!
Will Neurocore be in every school?  She will turn schools into company stores for the rich to get richer.
Tennessee going back in time is NOT what our kids need. Say by to your office cause you will be out soon.
Not one of you in the senate wanted trump as president. So why do none of you have the balls to do what is right now?
You honestly aren't a bit disturbed by her? Good thing is, her overall support is tenuous.
Why do we always have to go backwards, why not forward??
she's a nut case that wants to start using our schools "to recruit God's Army". She's not here to help. She's a cult leader.
Please improve TN's public schools first. Whatever contribution she makes, assuming she musters one, will be wasted otherwise.
NE.TN has no charters school to send their children and even if there were parents couldn't afford them.
Hohenwald Tn has none either. As many surrounding counties. THIS PLAN DOES NOT WORK!!! SELLOUT!!!
So disappointed in you!
no she won't, she'll foul up public schools here like she did in Michigan
you are shameful. Good luck getting re-elected. You let us down.
if this allows schools to say they can't give ALL students a free and appropriate education, then it defeats the purpose!!!!
put your family in the public education system since she is so qualified.
I think it's more like she will "divide and conquer" our Ed system to push a voucher agenda down the throat of our schools
Betsy DeVos might reverse your senate seat.
Totally disappointed in you and @SenBobCorker for ignoring the calls of your constituents.
Yeah. We want to get dumber than we are now. The edukation state. :-)
Tennessee is ranked 42nd in education what makes you think "we got this"?!
#VoteThemOut !
you lost my vote
Resign.
She literally knows NOTHING about public schools what a joke Corrupt!!!
You showed us all today how to go to Washington and become rich.  You didn't listen to your constituents.  Disgraceful ol fart
@MelanieBalakit how much did she pay you to say that?  #timetovoteyouout
You will be judged by history as enabling a demagogue. Sad.
shame on you
we will not forget this at election time
you're going to be voted out of office. You are corrupt and out of touch. You'll get what you deserve.
we'll see what happens #watching
disappointing that you think there isn't power in the state now.
How much did she contribute to you? She bought that seat. Most unqualified candidate ever!!
Very disappointed. Your constituents spoke and you didn't listen. We will remember this. #NoonDeVos
yes. We are all aware how much you love DeVos. Have you considered a DeVos tattoo?
I think there is a nice retirement home in Michigan for you
in 4 years my son will be 6. I worry for him. Thanks for that
she will be a disaster, as your president would say, & YOU KNOW IT!! Shame on you.
you and @SenBobCorker are out next time we vote. You all didn't listen to your constituents and never answered the phones.
i'm so disappointed that you represent TN. i know you received numerous calls about DeVos but apparently received more $$$.
There are no charters in rural tennessee. Public education was just made worse and kids have no alternatives.
you and @SenBobCorker are not cool!!!!!!!!
hopefully you will be able to sleep soundly tonight knowing you did not listen to the voters who elected you.  Disappointed.
You couldn't believe this was the right choice when every educator in the state was against her. Why, and was it worth it?
actually what she'll do is turn education into mockery of private and charter schools.
this has literally already be done w/bipartisan ESSA. Did you read the law? She is unqualified & this vote will be remembered
this was not what the people wanted. Disappointed in your vote which was not what the people wanted
Natuonak school board really?  That's the best you got? 3o pieces for your integrity!
thank you Sen Alexander for you leadership as a fair and firm chairman from Cleveland TN constituent
I vote every election and I will never vote for you due to this, ever.
Continuing to repeat this soundbite isn’t going to make her any better for the job.
There should be national minimum standards of education if we want our country to compete on the global level.
if this is your account, why quote yourself??? Come on underlings! Better editorial control!
But first she'll have to figure out what a "school board" does and whether she can fill them with only church officials.
Thank you  for doing the best for TN
I hope the parents in TN think more of their children than you do!
lofty goals for an inexperience person who hasnt a clue about education other than financial expoitation and bribes!
Please advise #DeVos to keep junk science out of our schools. A lack of education got us into this mess in the first place.
Rallying to vote YOU OUT!
Trying to spin gold from that yarn?  #RWNJ
Get a silk purse from that sows ear?
I expect your re-election results may be tied to how correct you are on that assessment.  I can see the mid-term ads now.
we elect our school boards. Local control! Betsy and her ilk are in it for the $$. No robust public ed, just robust wallets.
blah blah blah
Are you senile?
...because Tennessee schools have always been 
Since you don't answer your phone DON'T VOTE FOR SESSIONS  (RACIST) OR PRUITT  (EPA). OR POZNER (LABOR)
epic fail for our children, you should be ashamed
So disappointed. Did you not hear the outcry from your constituents? Were there no other qualified candidates? Shameful.
You have lost the support of a family that ALWAYS supported you and truly believed in you. #familyofTNpubliceducators
That sucking sound is money coming out of public schools to private schools.
Good grief. So many people being mind-f***ed by the Left and mainstream media. Oh noz, mass Hysteria, Armageddon....RUN
then the #federalfunds will be #funneled to #tax breaks for the #wealthy. #MissionAccomplished #Makingamericagreatagain
She will harm schools in Tn  Especially bad for rural students.  You should be ashamed for promoting this unqualified nominee @SenAlexander
I suppose all the people who call email and tweet you are wrong..we are not as influenced by money like you are..you fraud
.@SenAlexander I wish you put as much energy into hearing your constituents say #NoonDeVos as you did rationalizing your vote afterwards.
You ignored your constituents and our children. You work for us, not the POTUS, not your political party, & not contributions
BULLSHIT ! Lamar ..you sold out..prepare to be voted out..free ride will be over!!
She purchased this position.
and you Sir will be out of a job.

lol just what y'all need... to be able to enforce your sub par standards
old, white, angry, rich man! Soooo in touch with his ppl

All while stripping our local schools of the funds they need. When can we eliminate the tests that only profit test companies?
she bought you and you know it. You just pissed off the teachers and parents who vote.... as Trump would say... DUMB!
She will, like u, bleed off $$ from public schools to private religious ones or charters run by profiteers in other states.
Lamar, you remember local control in 1960 don't you? Should you change your last name to Wallace?
ya dun goofed, Lamar
great. Do we get to do the Scopes Monkey Trial again?
@stephenyeargin why stop there, I’m sure we’ll revisit Brown v Board of Education before it finishes immolating.
I think you keep tweeting these things to ease your guilty conscience from the obstruction of justice that went on today.
or maybe I mean the failure of democracy? It seemed like both to me. Well at least it was historic right?
Quit trying to rationalize your choice! You voted AGAINST TN. We will vote you OUT!
she'll extract profit, fool.
Shame on you sir.  Surely there were qualified candidates for this that didn't buy the @GOP
like back in the 1950s?
It's where these criminals of the state want to bring us. Look at this cabinet of killer criminals hiding behind God
no state left behind?
I am literally ashamed I voted for you.
