we will be voting you out of office. You were not thinking about the children, just your pocketbook.
100% correct
, today I became a Democrat after a lifetime as a Republican. Good job.
Welcome to the Democratic Party. Happy to have you. @SenAlexander
You are a damn fool. That woman has no clue what a public school is or how it works. Education for the majority will decline.
wrong. You know this is false. Why are you lying to defend #DeVos?
Bad choice.  @BetsyDeVos  is not qualified and should not have been confirmed.   All confirmations are tainted from source
how much did Betty give you? I am a TN voter, and I want to know!
wrong Senator she will do to Tennessee what she set it back years.
SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
glad your making a change away from the old corrupt system to support new corrections
Scott Pruitt to head the EPA? WRONG!  Environmental health is economic health. You are accountable.
When is our townhall?
Can we have a #TownHall about education and the ACA? Where are you?
Why haven't you starting investigating the Kremlin White House.Any honest American would be conducting an urgent investigation
Have you followed charter schools in Michigan-a dismal failure under her! How about the D.C. school?
So sad.
we demand an independent investigation into 45s Russia ties!
when can we expect the town hall? You look like a coward if you don't have one. You need to hear your constituents.
Tennesseans will vote you out of office ! You've forgotten who you represent....and WE DON'T APPROVE OF YOUR DECISIONS !
@BobCorker are busy on their knees being #PresidentialFluffers to a #DelusionalPresident #WeThePeople 
#VoteThemOut
except the rural communities who don't have private schools...you know...the rural communities who put you in office
What do these billionaires know about public schools rural/city kids that can't afford private schools
@SenBobCorker Ignored Tennesseans will restore Senate Seats to actual public servants in 2018 and 2020
Hope so!  @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker
where are you? #townhallnow
How about a town hall Jackass?
My Grandchildren all attend public schools in Tennessee.  Our working families can not afford private education. Help them?
as someone who works in schools, I can assure you they were never taken from us. But you didn't care last time I called, so...
DeVos was NOT qualified! #fail
#IVote in EVERY election from school board to president!
Bull she will harm the rural schools
THAT IS NOT TRUE  ENJOY  PAY FOR PLAY
We want a town hall because you need to address our concerns about your poor decision making personally.
And taking your phone off the hook while other Senators kept communication lines doesn't help those you SERVE
That is just a spineless, yellow-bellied response. SHAME to those who can't face their constituents!
That moment when more people bitched about your tweet than "liked" your tweet...
Lots of Trump haters sounding off, you did the right thing, voting for Devos. Bunch of whiners, sore losers!!!
Do you have school-aged children, Freddie?
You need to do a 180 if you want to get re-elected.
no she wont
how does it feel to sell your soul? You have thrown our children under the bus for personal gain! Shame!!!
Specifically,  what are you going to replace the ACA with? When?
I have always voted for you. I will never again. You voted your party over your people, your pocketbook first.
Your constituents disagree. Disappointed in your representation. Remember, WE VOTE. #dotherightthing #ResistTrump #2018
what about children with disabilities - she doesn't care
I hope she and her staff learn how to spell and proofread, too.
get rid of Obamacare..don't be bought off by Soros
Shame on you. Don't do the same with ACA. Even red counties will see GOP's gov by company store & #GOPDeathPanel plan.
not in oak Ridge we don't want her crap to bring top rat d schools down
right, keep telling yourself that
LIAR!! I live in your district & I've voted since '76. We'll see you in the voting booth!! And we're pissed!!! #RESIST
remember my name when it's time for election because I'm going to run against you. I'm an educator and veteran.
You "championed" for DeVos because you were bought and paid for by a "no nothing" dilettante. There is no other explanation.
you sellout, we will not forget the DeVil vote.
How much has Devos contributed to your campaigns?   She bought and paid for her Cabinet seat.
we know you are not running again and Corker is going to run for Gov Diane black for St Senate. You all will loose not listing
you need to set a town hall meeting!
Thank you
How proud you must be to publicly support a woman with zero experience in, understanding of, or even belief in public schools
All I can say is all y'all best make good on those promises to vote this guy out instead of just flapping your gums.
.@SenAlexander Sir with all due respects, these cabinet picks better be the greatest in US History or you can kiss your Senate seat goodbye
roll up your sleeves. Get Gorush in there and help our president!
Not if a liberal court can just make the rules up as they go..this must be stopped and congress must act against these judges
Next election we will remind you who you work for!
you have failed us all!
so, tell me, how much did DeVos or her affiliates give you/your campaign? Too bad green is louder than your constituents
senator why is the UN doing the vetting process for rufugees coming in the USA.
GOP lawmaker introduces bill ‘to abolish Dept of Education’: Rep. Thomas Massie introduced the bill - Explain this
"GOP lawmaker introduces bill ‘to abolish Dept of Education" Shame, shame, shame!
you and @BobCorker ignored us. Can't wait to kick you out of the senate next yeAr. Counting the days.
You are trying to remove accountability from schools. This is unacceptable & does not put the best interest of children first.
When did they leave? #bs
that's BS and you know it. You couldn't have found a dumber person for the job even from the @SenateGOP or @HouseGOP
I am extremely disappointed that you will support such an unqualified candidate.  Shame.
I can not wait until I can cast my vote to put you out of office. 
Sincerely, 
Someone who voted for you twice
why have you continuously refused to release how many constituents have opposed @BetsyDeVos #NoExperienceNecessary #sorrykids
Maybe trying listening to and calling back constituents? #dumpdevos #resist
where were they before!
I completely disagree!!!  I also am very disappointed you voted to silence Elizabeth Warren.
correction:  dismantle them
NO SHE WILL TAKE MONIES FROM UR PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND MAKE SOME PRIVATE CHRISTIAN ELITE BASED SCHOOLS THAT MOST OF TN CANT GO 2!
vote no on Sessions
Do you really think the new Education Secretary is equipped for that position? She needed the VP to break the tie.
As a graduate of elementary and secondary education in this state, I don't share your enthusiasm for the woman.
My son with Down syndrome/Autism only has federal laws to protect his right to education. You support those being disposed of?
no Washington mandates like schools will ever do the right thing unless they HAVE to, Your reasons make no sense.
How will children in Hohenwald Tn have access to private education? How will special needs be addressed? ANSWER that!!!
Your vote for DeVos will define you. For parents of children with disabilities this is devastating. We will not forget.
Devos is totally unqualified and you and @SenBobCorker know it. You sold out. You got my vote in the past but never again.
Thanks for selling my daughters' education for a nice payout. I hope the money you got was worth the destruction of the E.D.
@TearsaSmith Maryville City Schools rock and now you sold your vote, and my girl's Schools WILL suffer.
bad vote 2018 coming up
you sold Tennessee out with your vote.
Your lack of courage is embarrassing.
You failed your constituents and your countrymen. You failed us all.
restore TN classrooms? When public money goes to private schools? What about rural TN? What about schools in Appalachia?
Hardly.
.@SenAlexander really let Tennessee down today. We can replace @SenBobCorker in 2018; we can hope you may resign. Was the 200 mil worth it?
Shame on you for silencing @SenWarren. Sessions' racist record has no place in our justice system. #letlizspeak
the nerve of you to vote for that walking calamity of ineptitude. Do you not care about the students of America?
I call bullshit! Keep inside your corrupt agenda and thank Devos as you did by her confirmation goodbye!
Not hopefully, it will 100%.
He is a coward! Dictator Don might mean tweet him.
To the highest bidder.
so,so sad you have let TN down#IAmAPublicSchoolTeacher
NOT FUNNY AT ALL BAD JOKE MY CHILDREN & GRANDCHILDREN WILL GO TO PUB SCHOOL DEVOS HAS NEVER LOOKED @ 1 NO R WILL B RE-ELECTED!
The only reason she got the position is the money she donates to the GOP.  We will remember in 2018 and vote you out.
Yes, like leaving them to die in the wild.  Are you not ashamed of your vote for DeVos?  #YouareTrumpsbitch
AND you should spend time in the classroom & actually learn about what we do before voting for someone like @BetsyDeVos
The thing is he DOES know I voted for him based on his education background. My disappointment in him is huge!!
You don't care about your constituents unless it benefits you politically, I will not be voting for you
Im a conservative teacher & contacted your office abt helping w/ a fundraiser for a scholarship, got blown off by your staffer
This takes some nerve in the face of you utterly ignoring the uprecedented amount of opposition!!!!
whats wrong with the Oak Ridge school system?
... in the words of your President ... "WRONG!"
I look forward to voting against you in 2018. I've voted for you since 2003 because I trusted your judgement. That has changed
So the plan is close the schools and just have kids attend free classes at the Y? PS you don't need to start w/ "Alexander:"
aren't you a public servent? listen to multitudes of your constituents against this?  Sad day for democracy
and this will be your last term!
Fat chance Senator.  Mrs. DeVos is totally unqualified to serve as US Sec. of Ed. You've betrayed our children!!!
can you name one specific TN community which does not currently exercise local control over public schools? Just one will do.

No. You most certainly did NOT help my sweet children today. You have put the GOP before Tennesseans, and that is shameful.
DeVos will hurt our schools.  She bought her position!  Oh, btw, where is your plan to replace the ACA/Obama care?
You ignored the voices of your constituents. Resign. You are not fit for the office any longer.
the rumor is that you won't seek reelection. Know this, if you seek reelection, your lack of integrity = unelectable.
Papa doesn't know best. Cowards ignore voters. Come look us in the eyes and defend your decisions.
How dare you vote for someone who you know doesn't have the qualifications.
How much did DeVos give you again?
I'm sick you not having the best interest of Tennessee. You do not listen to the citizens that sent you to Washington.
you are an embarrassment to all Tennesseans
I'm a Republican and an educator and military veteran most of us educators do not agree with you all.
You all need to reverse the decision you all made for secretary of education. Listen your constituents who are educators.
If you don't then I will be the Washington outsider who will and get her out. She is bad for education.
oh really now? Well god knows one of the worst states in US regarding education needs help.
good
you need to come take questions from your constituents. We have lots of them and you are not being accountable.
I've called and called. His bullshit post on fb about taking calls is LIES!
yes it is. He took NO calls. Returns NO contact.
I'm hoping you sealed your fate today. And the voters need to remember this on election day. You need to go!
your lack of integrity is concerning. Lots of us are gonna work hard to ensure you're never reelected.
You give no credence to the voice of Tennesseans, the God of your faux Christian religion. Only those who pad your pockets
Just another example of a politician with doesn't listen to the people. #disgusted
did you even read anything your constituency sent you????
Sold our kids education to the highest bidder, ignoring your constituents, you are personally responsible for this mess
Making TN dumber than it already is!!!
Very sad day for families across the nation.  I hope 2018/2020 brings new faces and public servants.
I've been a long time supporter since the red plaid shirt days...but no more...she's a disgrace
2/2 & gave more power & controls back to states & local ed authorities. I would have hoped you had read the law YOU SPONSORED
THIS HAS LITERALLY ALREADY HAPPENED!! If ESSA didn't do this, what did it do? Oh wait, it did scale back fed involvement 1/2
Senator, you know that Mrs. DeVos is profoundly unqualified. How will this work?  I am stunned.
Can't say I've ever noticed a bunch of feds up in my classrooms. Whatever, liar.
we all told you to vote "NO"
Not going to happen.  More like steal money from local schools to pay for private.
- when did they leave?
You should be ashamed Senator. You were raised by a teacher and a principal. It appears you left your principles behind you.
lol! Really
you can say anything you like to try and justify your decision but we won't forget!!
Thanks for letting our children down with your vote. One day they will be voters.
I have lived in Tennessee all my life and a I'm voter and you let America down,  You should be ashamed.
sold our kids' futures, and ignored the overwhelming opposition against @BetsyDeVos . He's up for re-election in '20.
looks like someone was bought off...

DeVos' $200 million GOP donations had nothing to do with it... You are not representing TN best interests.
Time for you to retire.
Sir, how could you post this after your constituents made it clear where we stood with this vote?! Wait til #Midterm2018...
were the classrooms out of the communities?? Who was controlling them? What does this statement mean? What is a TN classroom?
I think she will further damage poor and rural schools. I will hold you personally responsible.
Career politicians like yourself will never understand.
His parents were educators what is bad is he DOES understand he just does not care!!!
What a disgrace you are. An honorable career will be forever judged by what you now do. Currently, you are failing the test!
