@BetsyDeVos is NOT qualified! Vote no! #publicschools
you have betrayed every student in America, Senator.  #NoonDeVos
listen to your conscience and take a stand for our children and public education a lynchpin of our democracy
this has nothing to do with children and everything to do with breaking teachers unions
DeVos' abysmal record in Michigan speaks for itself. Charters fail students. Children deserve qualified representation. #2020
You can only be getting a kickback from charter school companies. To approve DeVos is utter idiocy!
ashamed to say I am from TN- u did not represent us and your pandering will be remembered History has its eyes on u #Hamilton
As a former Secretary of Education, you must know that Ms. DeVos is not qualified. Please follow heart, not money.
@SenAlexander please look into your conscience and really think about what her confirmation will mean to the majority of your constituents!
Please do not confirm her. She knows nothing about running this very important department.
as a person who works to provide mental health services in TN schools, #DeVos is seriously concerning.  I urge you to vote no
@JohnCornyn This is complete nightmare for US students. Public ed is the foundation of system. Do right thing. Vote No.
Proving that he is putting party over country.She is an awful nominee. Hope his constituents remember this.
Remember it?  I'm voting against @SenAlexander for the first time in my life because of DeVos. #NoToDeVos
It's not a partisan issue, DeVos is unprepared and uneducated. She has no business in this position. How much were you paid?
hundreds of thousands evidently
$4 mil to GOP for the seat. A bargain considering what they'll make via for-profit schools
yes indeed!
if you are confident of that then you are a fool #TheResistance #holdthefloor #NoonDeVos #StopDeVos
Betsy DeVos is an abomination to public schools. Kids with disabilities will suffer mightily. Hope you got paid a lot of $$.
You, sir, are delusional. DeVos is terrible. No expertise. No experience. And worst, no morals.
, maybe you have been in DC too long; you have been there most of my life. Please do not confirm DeVos; we do not want her.
, stop defending this horrible nominee. She's not qualified. Period. Having  does not mean she knows anything about education.
Please DO NOT confirm Ms. DeVos - she is unqualified to serve as Secretary of Education. Our children and country depend on it
..Talk to @SenSusanCollins  and Lisa Murkowski...they are HELPING the DEMS :(  
POTUS deserves HIS cabinet choices!
Shame on you. @BetsyDeVos is dangerously unqualified and you know it. This constituent is ashamed of you. #SoldYourSoul
Y"all - @SenAlexander is still voting for I"I know nothing about public school" Betsy devos @GroverNorquist
@DoubleEagle49 Many are Afraid of t Teachers Union which is Blackmailing many Elected Officials. Disband Teachers Unions!
@GroverNorquist
.@SenAlexander Say no to incompetence and corporate interests in the DOE. Vote against DeVos.
Why would you confirm this person?! She does not have even basic knowledge of education law. She's never been in a classroom.
I'm confident Lamar Alexander does not listen to or care about his constituents.
you are right get ready to fight their agenda tooth and nail
I'm ready, Donna. Are you?
absolutely!
@BIPPS but he's from TN, he doesn't have our bluegrass values. Do some independent research.
I beg you to vote no on Betsy DeVos's confirmation. She is an extremely unqualified, frightening choice.
I pray she won't be.
VOTE NO TO DeVos!!!! She is not qualified and you are going to get voted out. You are not representing your state. Only TRUMP
dump Devos or TN will dump you
NOOOOOOOOOO. What is WRONG with your sense of honest to goodness "good" judgement?!? #wearewatching from #Nashville
DeVos is a huge mistake and so many of your constituents told you so. I hope you like retirement...
fight the Republicans in next election. No Corker for Governor No Diane Black for Senator
GET RID OF TJID PIECE OF 
Sir, I do not share your confidence.  As a TN Voter, I ask you to NOT approve Betsy Devos, she is not the right choice!
You must realize the majority of Tennesseans oppose DeVos. Please listen to the people you work for. #DeVosconfirmation
please listen to Ravitch. DeVos dishonors your lifelong commitment to public education.
Please vote NO to Betsy DeVos. She has financial interests in private and charter school education. Public schools need funds.
Come to Michigan- where Charter Schools are a Disaster! @GOP is all SCUM BAGS! Working for 1% & Zero Conscience! #noDevos
your own State does not support her agenda. Your support of her is narrow-minded and shallow.

only because GOP refuses to acknowledge thousands of calls from constituents demanding otherwise.  #IVoteInTN
America deserves better. #OpposeDeVos #ProtectPublicEducation #BeTheHeroWeNeed
Please, please listen to educators around the country and your conscience telling that DeVos is unfit for this position.
If you confirm @BetsyDeVos, you will prove that your loyalties lie with the President and NOT American students. #Unqualified
she's the best person huh -not one more qualified individual who actually knows the world of education? Time to defeat you sir
Charter schools are not a reform of public schools, they're a destruction of them. Shame on you. #NoToDeVos
you have guaranteed that teachers in #publiceducation will know to donate to the @tndems4change next election! No @BetsyDeVos!
nice of you to put party before the future of our kids. She will destroy education in TN like she did in Michigan.
And I am confident that if she is, my disabled son's future is in peril. Have you no shame?
Please don't confirm her she is not who we need!
Charter schools are not working. Check facts! VOTE NO NO NO! #Tennessee
Shame on you. I earned THREE education degrees in TN and taught in TN classrooms. #DeVos has no business in this position.
you are doing a disservice to children. Vote against Betsy DeVos.
@GOPHELP to confirm 'she who has proven herself to be unqualified', will be a vote bought and paid for; students deserve more!
No, charter schools are not public education-they select students, while taking public funding and promote segregated society.
Plse vote NO on Betsy DeVos for Sec of Education. She is unprepared to serve due to her lack of knowledge on public education
I expected better.
NO! #NODeVos She is alarmingly unqualified. Lack of knowledge of #IDEA & #FAPE is disqualifying.
You must have conscience.PLEASE VOTE NO on Betsy Devos.
Ms DeVos might b passionate about educ., but her policies will rob public schools of $ & pass costs on to unaffording parents.
Another spineless partisan who puts his position ahead of his people #NoDeVos
Your senate hearing testimonial for DeVos was that she cares about children. I care about children, too! Can I be secretary?
WTH happenned to you?  I use to respect you, no more.
For God's Sake Man, Just say no, Vote No, YOU KNOW VERY WELL SHE IS UNQUALIFIED!
Old White Men Running Washington. How much did @betsydevos give you?
, I encourage you to change your mind about the incredibly unqualified Betsy DeVos. Students deserve better.
where is your conscience? No on DeVos. Find your backbone.
I will not forget this=cannot wait for your term election. we are watching. scene from movie Pretty Woman? BIG MISTAKE
NO
No on DeVos
DeVos is unqualified. Vote to benefit children, not DeVos.
@GOPHELP if this happens I will make it my life's goal to remove you, and your ilk from Congress.
I guess you are looking forward to retirement.
you're a joke. Move aside
@PoliticsK12 I'm confident this will be your last term. #publicschools are the backbone of this country #DumpDevos #integrity
No more Alexander. YOU shall never be reelected. I curse you.
Sir, Have you been checked for senility? Obviously you are out of touch and this will be your legacy. Sad!
you should be ashamed. #donotreelect
we're coming for you, and you'll be out if you are just voting her in for $$.
just Don't
Also, wish you would pick up your phone. 1000s stop by Knoxville office the other day to ask you to vote No but missed you. 
please reconsider & vote NO on DeVos. You will be an embarrassment for TN if you agree to confirm such an unqualified nominee.
If you approve DeVos and Pruitt you have forever lost my vote and ruined your political legacy. 

-A concerned Tennessee voter
NOOOO!!!! Vote no!!!! She does NOT support public education. She does not understand IEPs. And she wants to keep common core!
yeah, no i don't believe she will at this point
As a child of educators, I strongly urge you to reconsider your vote for the sake of America's children.
We want school choice power to local school boards I want Betsy DeVos confirmed Collins & Murkowski only care about themselves
she bought your vote be prepared to see the backlash - a bluer map!
So vote is delayed till Monday, Running scared? You should be! We won't be silent - you are messin' with mad mamas and nanas
I've been calling your office all day. Busy tone. I hope that those reaching you are calling re: @BetsyDeVos. VOTE NO.
You are out of touch! Devos should not be confirmed!
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/powerpost/paloma/daily-202/2017/01/18/daily-202-lamar-alexander-is-dragging-betsy-devos-across-the-finish-line-to-become-secretary-of-education/587e5785e9b69b36fcfeafd7/?client=safari … Thanks for engaging in cowardly gamesmanship instead of serving your constituents.
Voting for DeVos will tell your state and district that you are anti-public education. Do you really want that reputation?
You need to stop it. It is your responsibility to Represent TN. She has revealed ignorance and incompetence.
please reconsider. Please report the results of how many of your constituents contacted you to oppose or affirm this
As your constituent, as some1 raised 2 honor Reagan & you, I am disappointed & will not forgive this.
The people of Tennessee do not want privatized education .When I checked last you worked for us not President  Donald Trump
VOTE NO to De Vos!! I'll never vote for you again.
Vote NO to DeVos! I'm opposed to her confirmation. She failed her hearing and doesn't believe in public educ! YOU LOST MY VOTE
Our future depends on the education of our young. Someone who has no regard for public school should not have the job.
why, why, why is this the hill you've chosen to die on??
You will be remembered for this.  Wrong side of history, sir.
listen to the people who you have been elected to serve. #TNdoesnotwantDevos
this is the one you'll be remembered for sir, and it is not good.
amen - hold him accountable for the support of her.
She should not be confirmed, and you should not be carrying the water for this exceptionally unqualified nominee.
That would make this a dark day for education.
P.S.: Hello from your home state!
I'm confident the next election will not go well for you.
Coward! VOTE no on the billionaire!
pissant
What the 30 pieces of silver was located?  No integrity! We have no  Congress  just the  Let's Make a Deal Show
why do you hate American children?  She will kill education.
Devos will be catastrophic for special needs students! Put students over your party! She didn't know what I.D.E.A was!!!!!!!!!
We can only pray that more GOP'ers listen to constituents & vote NO.Mid-terms will not be pretty.
I am amazed at how you completely ignore what your BOSSES are YELLING at you. Amazing. Do. Your. Job.
Lamar. A HUGE beneficiary of donations from PAC controlled by the DeVos family. You are biased and doing USA a disservice
Hear your constituents. http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/317391-second-republican-senator-to-vote-against-devos …!  Vote NO on DeVos! Please!
Very disappointed in both my senators from Tennessee.
DeVos has 0 qualifications that render appropriate for this job.  If teachers have to be Highly Qualified shouldn't she?
vote no on Betsy Devos. She has no experience in public education. Do the right thing. My grandchildren need you to step up.
We are going to vote you out. I don't care who runs against you ,they will have my vote. Bye bye
dump devos, vote no!!
Senator think about what you are doing by promoting this woman in no way qualified to be Sec of Educ.
she is unqualified-Can we get a sec of ed voucher to choose someone who is?
DeVos is not qualified. Do not ignore the people of Tennessee. Vote no.
say no to Hitler Stalin & Lenin as educational mentors 4 kids
I'm confident that she gave you A LOT of money along the way.
Dark day for education, for the nation, and for all Republicans who vote for her! Insanity run amuck!
And I'm confident @SenAlexander will lose his seat in his next election. U can mess with many things but don't ever fuck w/ our children
@jmartNYT Lamar....I knew you when you used to be a good guy.
I so hope you are wrong, Wrong, WRONG!!
you suck sir!
oppose Price and Mnuchin
You will lose votes from educators, parents, and anyone who cares about public school. Shame on you.
what qualifies DeVos for Sec. Ed, other than she is rich?  No experience, professional or personal in pub. education.
Thanks for listening.  In case you're wondering, that's sarcasm.  Signed, every teacher in America.
You work for us. We're watching.
You have been elected to represent your constituents. You are not there to push your own agenda. Shameful!
Shame on you! This isn't what your constituents want. Teachers must be highly qualified. Shouldn't she be highly qualified?
let's hope some Senators will put party loyalty aside and support the future of public education by voting NO
I will never vote for you. How can you support this most unqualified of candidates? I am so disappointed in you.
You are NOT listening to your constituents!!
@PoliticsK12 she is a joke
- prepare to be primaried!
Why would you want that? She doesn't know the first thing about education!
you even more clueless than she is!!
Your arguments are without merit.  #NoOnDevos  - TN voter
no tweet will change your mind, but this is wrong. You must draw the line somewhere.
Vote No !Devos doesn't have the experience nor cares abt Pub Edu
I truly wish you would loom at other more qualified candidates for this position. She is not worthy
Your job is to listen to your constituents. If you aren't, you should be much less confident you will be re-elected.
Thank you for fighting for children, esp those who need option to get out of failing public schools.
this is a job you once held. Why disgrace it with DeVos?
disappointed in your loyalty to party over our nation's children. I've emailed/called you numerous times. No response. SAD!
She is not right for this job. You and Sen Corker need to schedule a town hall to meet your  constituents .
She was confused by the Individuals with Disabilities Act. #PublicSchoolsMatter #zipcode37604 #dotherightthing @SenBobCorker
@PoliticsK12 Zero experience or knowledge. You would b doing a HUGE disservice w yes vote. Not one reason to back her except $
SHE IS NOT QUALIFIED!!
this is bad for the America and bad for children and families
yeah? I'm confident YOU won't get re-elected.
THIS will be remembered come reelection day!  #time4changeTN
Hopefully there will be consequences for the Republican defectors
Honorable Senator, please find your plaid shirt and come "Walk Across Tennessee" once more. Please reconnect to your roots
I am concerned that your judgement is clouded by following the party lines and not what is best for our children.
YOU destroyed every shred of faith in our system. You threw away the kids and you ignored us for...what? TN has no advocate.
listen to the teachers in your state. Listen to the parents. She does not have Tennessee's support. She should not have yours
you're making a huge mistake that will cost you re-election
@BetsyDeVos Ill-prepared for hearing. Did what you could w incompetent candidate. Shut down q's. Ignored req's by opposition.
political suicide. #Bye #DeVosconfirmation  #NotQualified
Please, please, please vote #NotoDeVos. Taking money away from our public schools for charter schools is not the answer.
listen to your constituents! We don't want her destroying our schools. #StopDeVos #VoteNoDevos
Money over our kids! Unbelievable!  Or is it anymore? The @GOP will not get this pass at midterms
you shouldn't be. Do what's right for TN and the rest of the country #NotoDeVos
