Sen Scott,I have supported you your entire http://career.You  just sold out your constituents #sellout
you no longer have my vote.  Count me out.
This TN resident is not. I'm a voter w kids in public school. Asking for a NO on DeVos.
Guess she got her money's worth.
I am your constituent and you just lost my vote. Stop thinking in blue and red, and start thinking of YOUR people instead.
she is a champion for big business and wants to privatize our education system.
it costs so much to buy a cabinet position these days!  Money beats the will of the people.  Darn!
won't listen to tennesseans Try @SenBobCorker 2018 is his election year. Maybe he will listen and #DumpDevos +1 (202) 224-3344
NOT 4 special ed children. Mine are 2 of the 6.5 million children in special ed (1 is an "A" student, BTW). Please reconsider
Betsy DeVos appears to have plagiarized quotes for Senate questionnaire
she will ruin the public education system for those children most in need.
good for him--but those of us in public education do not agree!
.@SenAlexander @SenatorTimScott glad @SenOrrinHatch couldn't show up to vote no Who will save our children from #BetsyDeVos You @robportman
millionaires protect billionaires always. KGB sympathizers hell bent on destroying America.
do not confirm her, please
let's us git them childruns sum a that edumacashun, kin I open up one a them charturs too?
All education?  Really?  I fear for the future of public education if she is confirmed.
DeVos will not be good for public education. she will be good for the ed. business? I see your allegiance to the dollar.
- The senator is delusional. @BetsyDeVos is a train wreck of a candidate. #secular #public #schools
you should be ashamed of yourselves
Teachers are still watching how you vote. We won't forget two years from now. @SenatorTimScott
By confirming the incompetent Betsy DeVos 12 senators betrayed all students, parents & teachers.
Do you hate children? And why are trying to make our children dumb? DeVos does not deserve that seat!
Does that include grizzly bear cubs?
How much did the DeVos family contribute to your campaigns?
HOW THE FUCK IS SHE EVEN QUALIFIED FOR ANY POSITION
She's the champion of screwing our education system. She has no idea about the system.
we are looking forward to your departure
Listen to your constituents!!! Let's invest in public schools not defund them through "choice"
Devos is a champion for Devos and her warped and ill informed worldview...this has basically been proven.
yes the billionaire who never attended public school and champions the destruction of public schools.
what a joked
she will not be supporting public education I guess senators do not listen and read
well that's great...no public schools and guns in all of them!  Are you flippin' kidding me!
Lamar it will be great to see you GONE!
privatization does not work for jails, schools & anything to do with government.
NO ON DEVOS
Both of you should be known as political hacks. DeVos is oligarch w no experience. Kissing up to Trump
@SenatorTimScot She could shoot someone on fifth avenue and still not lose your support.
must be bought.
How you could sit through the #DeVosHearing and not be withdrawn into your suit with cringe?
@GOPHELP @SenatorTimScott we see through your shit
We dread our public school system becoming a tool for corporate profits.
for all children--but if you're disabled, meh. That's up to the states how you get treated.
Repulsive. How shameful for America. You are out of touch and a disgrace.
why do you continue to insult the American people? Shame on you for treating us like you don't care.
.@SenAlexander @SenatorTimScott Only thing more disappointing than your vote is your unwillingness to talk to your constituents about this.
can't wait to see how this genius choice goes (for yr reelection, I mean. Not looking forward to her impact on schools at all)
Congratulations @BetsyDeVos Please educate America. You have a tough job ahead of you. Gods speed.
she is truly a poor choice. Terrible. Doesn't know anything about the job
we won't forget
TN parents say 'DeVos is unfit'
If she knew anything about Education she'd have known enough to decline this nomination.
That's a joke, right? She can lead what she doesn't understand. She needs to actually answer questions! F-
- Two bought and paid for idiots.
I can't wait to see what a science denying plagiarist can do as Secretary of Education!
what part of you soul did you sell
Disgraceful. Cheating is now ok in school @cnn @MSNBC http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/31/politics/betsy-devos-plagiarism-obama-official/index.html …
She doesn't even know what the IDEA is..YOU GUYS ARE JOKES!
@HELPCmteDems  SAD day for public education. Shame on the Republicans.
I live in TN and neither I nor anyone I know will be voting for you if you ruin our children's future for an extra buck.
Lamar, for the love of God GET OFF TWITTER and listen to your constituents!
@GOPHELP @SenatorTimScott Lamar Alexander is the definition of TERM LIMITS.  Terrible! Injustice to our children!
I am a constituent in TN. You just lost my vote.
too bad he reelected
@SenBobCorker Vote No on DeVos! Your constituents are watching, Senators.
you both turned deaf ear to your constituents. This will be your last term in office.
Sen Alexander, I am a constituent. We are watching and won't forget this.
A plagiarist who cannot answer simple questions regarding education & who wants to profit personally
Please NO to DeVos. She has no expertise in education. $5B doesn't grant  knowledge, but naive egotism
you have to be joking
@SenBobCorker I live in Davidson Co. and request you both to VOTE NO on both Sessions and DeVos. #civilrights #education
Disgusting!!!! So much 4 your legacy as the Education Czar. You have let us all down. History will remember
Did she give him money too?
And you evidently do not care one bit what the TN voters think. We will remember this!
Having yet another Republican praise her is pointless. You all drank the Kool-Aid and are #partybeforecountry
As a constituent of your state, please reconsider and VOTE NO on DeVos. How many constituents have you heard from in favor?
nope DeVos is only a champion for CHRISTIAN (preferably WHITE) Children.
the people who hired you say #NoonDeVos so why are you saying yes? YOU just lost my vote.
time for you to go! #tennessee will suffer and so will little black and brown children @SenatorTimScott YOU should be ashamed.
New report. Is it true she plagiarized her testimony? Can you let us know?
I will be voting you out next time Lamar. You are a disappointment to Tennessee. You just wait and see.
Lamar just sold out our children's education. I don't know one educator that thinks you did the right thing
-  Expect you to support Trump!  We are your Tn constituents!  Republicans need a spine!
devos is dumber than a 5th grader. We deserve better
"All children" deserve better. There goes the future of U.S. public education (unless you're rich & white).
.@SenAlexander @SenatorTimScott Senator, your phones have been jammed w/ calls against DeVoss. Your vote is quite disappointing. #NoonDeVos
Yeah. Good luck with that happening @BetsyDeVos isn't capable of it. Bring a book, it's gonna be a long wait. @SenAlexander @SenatorTimScott
No! Listen to the people who you work for & those all over the country. She is unqualified & bad for our kids
You disappoint me greatly, Senator. You're the only Republican I've voted for in the past 20 years. Lesson learned.
please reconsider this decision. She is unqualified to oversee our public schools.
Yeah but did he keep speaking time under 5 min? Seems like "timekeeper" and "prescient" is all you care about
NO. Many million times NO. Listen to your people and put kids and country before $ and party. Shame on you
vote for your voters! NO DEVOS!
What's your working definition of "education"?
You cannot support Devos, Sessions, Pruitt or Munichin (sic) Tenn. Voter
Shameful @SenBennetCO sends his kids to private school. Doesn't support @BetsyDeVos and #SchoolChoice SHAME!!
Sup bro. New to Nashville. Just letting you know it'd be super chill if you didn't confirm Betsy Devos' nomination.
Unregistrd handgns=HUMN ROADKILL/AR15-AK47shots=MENTL ILLNES/Opioids-heroin-Mexcrxbrdr drugs=NATIONAL SUICIDE
sick view point on your part.
It is appalling that our children's educational future was sold to the highest bidder. What a shame!
http://bit.ly/2fHztUN  #DumpDevos
When all sides are saying #noDevos and you don't listen... you might not be working for your constituents
 champion of all children hahahahhahahahaha I needed a good laugh! Thank you! #nobetsydevos
champion???I don't want my grandkids educated in a Dutch Christian Reform church school. Read their beliefs
Tennessee's parents DO NOT WANT BETSEY DEVOS! Stop letting her money own you and do your job.
Is #DeVos paying you to say this? Because her actions/history clearly show that she is not a champion for all
thanks for NOTHING. So much for education for all
How much again were you both paid to say this? Vote No - our kids need you to #DumpDevos
may as well hire former Miss Teen South Carolina
. @SenAlexander Hello Alexander staffer in charge of social media. Today's story is #plagiarism . Look at Twitter. Thanks. #DeVos.
I am a constituent, Senator Alexander. I will remember you putting party over country when I go to the polls
by prioritizing profit over kids? by having literally NO experience in public ed.? No way. VOTE NO
what a travesty
plagiarism is always a good character trait for our children!
