
She is absolutelywrong for public education.
How much has she given your campaigns? Apparently quite a lot.
RU joking? She might be NICE LADY but that doesn't = qualified. She's ignorant of ed issues. Embarrassing!
From a constituent (29412), #StopDeVos  She is ridiculously unqualified!

When the APTA Pediatric Section is also troubled over DeVos' lack of understanding of the federal law IDEA, you know it's time:  #DumpDeVos. 
You are nuts!! She has no education background only money donated to all of you ..her family supports hate groups and has made millions 1/2
look at MI schools....do NOT confirm her
she doesn't even know the difference between proficiency and growth!
What did #DeVos do for the Public Schools in Detroit, Muskegon, Saginaw? Public Schools anywhere?
what a joke.I am a teacher she has no background no degree in education and she is is in charge?
no thank you to DeVos. Unless your goal is to ruin schools. Citizen of Mount Pleasant 29466 #SCSaysNoDeVos
Anyone wanting to contact @SenAlexander about Devos, Sessions or other, read this for helpful info. #VoteNODevos
CALLING YOUR REPS!! HOW TO DO IT EFFECTIVELY! Long but you only have to read it once. 
Schools consistently fail in every category and on every level. Her proposed school system segregates and works on a tier platform 3/4
She is patently unqualified. Her appt  = regression, not a progression. - citizen of 29464 #SCSaysNoDeVos
#SCsaysnoDeVos #29574
Where the poor _middle class and the wealthy pay huge money for failed education based on creationism curriculum CALL AND DEMAND A NO VOTE!
Talk to Michigan residents they will tell you DeVos has ruined the entire public school system drained it of funds and he charter 2/3
#BetsyDeVos is #unqualified #children deserve better
I am a constituent from Johnson City,TN. #NoDeVos has no idea what she is doing with public schools. VOTE NO!
Senators please consider an appeal from a public school teacher: No DeVos.  She simply isn't qualified.
The two of you are a travesty! Tim Scott is not looking out for anyone but his campaign donor! #nobetsydevos
Think of the rural children.Think of the most vulnerable children.Improve public schools. Vote NO on DeVos.
Nope Nope Nope! Do not confirm! #JogOnBetsy
smh shame on you all for even taking this joke seriously! Did you not watch her hearing? #votenodevos
Parents should consider the failing school system run by unions & know that we need to shake it up!
Reform of Schools MUST Include Benefit to Public Schools and Poor families DeVos Focus on Well-off Families
@SchoolChoiceNow @SenatorTimScott this is the most ludicrous thing I've read all week
Billionaire that bought her seat!!!!
it's the teachers union against Devos so that tells me she the one to pick
ARE YOU on DRUGS? SHE has NO experience with Public schools! STOP the blind following BS, do what is RIGHT
YES WE CAN and WILL
This shows that Sen Scott's judgment on education is also not to be trusted.  She has no qualifications. NEXT
vote no on Devos
"Patriotism means stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the President."
--Theodore Roosevelt
.
Vote #NO
people are watching. Your decision to endorse her reflects on you and the future of your career.
I am shocked that you do not find her lack of basic educational knowledge a problem...blinded by the almighty dollar #NoToDeVos
you are wrong!
I'm not going to vote for you next time...
does @SenatorTimScott live in your #votingdistrict? You are to #represent us. Matters not what others say. We say #DumpDevos!!
I attended a dinner tonight with hundreds of Chattanoogans that disagree with you...letters forthcoming
Hmmm, still no qualifications.
@SenBobCorker  DeVos failed her interview..... she ruined Detroit.  Vote no.
seriously!!!!! As a public educator for 37 years DO NOT CONFIRM THIS WOMAN!
As an educator, YES WE CAN! Vote NO on unqualified and dangerous Betsy DeVos!
I'm a parent and I'm asking for a better role model
Please vote no. She's really not qualified.
Can't get through to your office.  Is voicemail full of people supporting DeVos?  Doubt it.  Listen to your constituents!  No to DeVos!!
I'm from TN. Thought you had integrity but championing woefully unqualified DeVos shows party politics matter more to u than TN kids.
you are both delusional. No one wants her! She is unqualified!
we are asking. Because we deserve better. Ques. is will you listen?
Your twitter storm of "support" for DeVos does not blind us to her ineptitude nor does her letter. We witnessed the truth.
yes we can and we will
DeVos is not qualified. Oligarch who married money. Donating money, sitting on mom's board not work #notDeVos
What is wrong with you people. She tripped all over herself during the confirmation. She will ruin education
barf!
Just because she gives you money doesn't make her good for PUBLIC education. Ur not good for it either
Hundreds of thousands of parents and teachers literally *are* asking for a better nominee than DeVos
I can ask for a better role model. How about ANY public school tchr in the US?
She is unqualified. She is unqualified. She is unqualified.
We can do so much better. She is unqualified. She doesn't even know basic educational law.
uh-huh; Senator Alexander must have brought Tim Scott over to the 'money-side'
Scott received money from her and her family. Shameful
Uh, yes, they really can-- and must!
Really?  If you two knew anything about Public Schooling you would be as ashamed of yourselves as America is.
Have you gotten any calls from constituents in support of her? (Reminder: Koch Industries is not a constituent)
Alexander refuses to listen to thousands of his constituents.#NotoDeVos
I can't wait until you don't represent me anymore.
but does she know the difference between "historic" and "historical"?
you are quoting #alternativefacts. #BillionaireBetsy #allaboutmoney #DumpDeVos
tell that to parents in Michigan. STOP SPREADING LIES! #dumpdevos
By buying her way in to a position. Hmmmm.  How much money has she contributed to you?  Vote NO. Eyes open.
as a parent, as a father, as a husband I'd like to say you're both wrong. Do better gentlemen
Confirm DeVos and @SenAlexander will be out of a Senate job.
@SchoolChoiceNow @SenatorTimScott Role model? Are you kidding? She is unqualified and her agenda is disgusting.
You arenotlistening tous
She is not qualified. Multiple tweets an hour do not change that fact. I'm a constituent. Vote NO on DeVos.
None of my students look up to someone who is so actively against LGBTQ rights.
NO to DeVoss. You two only care about towing party line. Good lucking getting re-elected.
@SenBobCorker please make Tennessee proud and vote NO. Let's do what's best for TN children. #NotoDeVos
what happened to getting rid of the department of worthless education and send the authority to the state
A role model in what way? #NoOnDeVos
She is completely unqualified. Listen to your constituents who watched her hearing. Our kids deserve better.
You saw how she had no idea what IDEA is, how can you confirm her? Our kids deserve better. #DumpDeVos
I'm a constituent of yours from Cordova. Vote no. Our public schools deserve better.
yes, because MI school system far out paces the rest of the country...oh wait...
you seem to only think of what the donors want instead of the US citizens who need access to education
Will she instruct students on tax evasion, purchasing legislation, and corporate money laundering?
Support President on all cabinet nominations quickly.@SenatorTimScott
I watched the hearings. Do. Not. Confirm. That. Woman. She is NOT qualified.
Tell the truth sir. Only wealthy will benefit. You want to decimate public ed. Do you have any scruples?nope
Youre obsessed with this bro
literally no one says that. #DumpDevos
She is horrible and will only take care of the charter and parochial schools.  @SenatorTimScott is a GOP whack.
really? You're still throwing your support behind her? You realize your voter base disagrees STRONGLY...
then he hasn't met very many people.
