thank you, but words without action are non existent.  Stand up for the people of TN and this Nation! Impeach Trump
Thank You!!!! #nomuslimban We can have secure borders without resorting to xenophobia & discrimination!
if the plan needed more vetting you should have started it 8years ago! You did nothing to help and now you criticize?!
Thank you! "while not explicitly a religious test, it comes close to one which is inconsistent with our American character."
good. please keep opposing this unconstitutional ban.
fight him Senator! The people of Tennessee want to help all citizens of the world!! Let your actions match your words
5 votes live in our home. 5 you stand to lose. We aren't the only ones. #StandWithTrump
Good for you for speaking out against the #MuslimBan and standing up for American values. The world is watching.@SenAlexander
The people in Tennessee overwhelming supported President Trump and you and Sen Corker need to stand behind him.
Hope putting the safety of Americans first is important to you.  Just listened to explanation of order by DHS. Clear to us!
Thank you for your statement against the #MuslimBan. Please do more to rescind the executive order.
"seems to ban" "comes close to one" Your tea is watered down, sir. Thx for the statement, but TN needs strong words & action.
Don't hold your breath on this gutless wonder.
This is hardly enough, @SenAlexander. Thank you for trying, but those fleeing death/war-torn countries aren't who we need to worry about.
Keep our country safe, vetting is necessary.We do NOT want to be Europe. Murder & rape rapid. Support the @POTUS
The EO was terrible. It's OK to say it. Everyone knows it, even @POTUS. We'll be here to shore up that spine.
Stop equivocating and support the president. This waffling betrays your unpreparedness to accomplish significant change.
THANK YOU
Good start, but looking to you & @SenBobCorker to support legislation to rescind order. #NoBanNoWall
thank you for standing on the right side of this issue #NoBanNoWall
I am glad we have a president who is concerned with OUR safety. Welcome change...
you come close to being an unrepentant fascist shill.
Thank you, Senator Alexander. We need sensible leadership in times like these, and your opposition to the EO is appreciated.
Thank you so much for making this statement. I'm in the U.K. at the moment but I feel very proud of Tennessee as I read this.
Dear Senator, America is great because it welcomes all.  Stay true to our founding principles and we will thrive
thank you. Now #DumpDevos!!
.@SenAlexander So what are you going to do about it? Voters in TN want to know. #NoBanNoWall
Nothing.
Me either, especially after watching the confirmation hearing. Disgusting.
what a lame statement. When is the @GOP going to grow a spine and get a conscience and stand up to this monster @POTUS
Thank you!
And with all due respect,  You were elected to be a leader. Not a commentator. I knew it was inconsistent with our US charactr
disappointed you are not actively supporting executive order to ban immigrants for 120 days until vetting process is reworked.
Sir, I would have no problem with banning all Muslims even though this is not what the refugee exec order is about.
you are a disgrace to our state..we the great majority of Tns support Trump and his immigration policy..shame on you
Thank you, Senator.
would you have been for open arms to all Germans after WWII? Many were later identified as NAZI"a who slipped in & lived here
The Constitution of the US guarantees Rights to Americsns! Entrance is a privilege for anybody not from here
Sen.Alexander- We the ppl support President Trump's Administration on their efforts to protect Americans. It's long overdue
Well stated & kudos for not fence-sitting, Senator. Stick with Devi's, time for new thinking
* Devos, darn spell-check
Thank you for speaking out against #muslimban.  Now #DumpDevos She is a great example of the cronyism plagues DC.Not qualified
thanks for realizing the importance of taking time to vet refugees.  #USnationofimmigrants
Why don't you support protecting American Citizens?This is why we voted for #Trump , he takes a stand for our freedom!
Thank you for taking a stand under pressure.
48%-57% of US voters agree w Immig EO. Grow a set and stand w POTUS and the American ppl!
Thank you for standing up for immigrants!
thank you for speaking out against the #MuslimBan
Thank you, Sen. Alexander, for taking a stand. Please keep working to reverse this violation of our basic American values.
thank you for being a true American Patriot and speaking out against this heinous muslin ban
Thank you, Senator for speaking up!  This ban must not stand
I don't agree with you on many things, but I've never thought you to be entirely unreasonable. Thank you for this statement.
I applaud @SenAlexander for criticizing the President’s executive order. 1/
Sen. Alexander statement on refugee executive order. http://www.alexander.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/pressreleases?ID=C007E222-C999-4341-AB41-7E5A2A752F50 …
Well, vote to stop the ban this evening. If you don't stop these kind of things now, you won't be able to in the future.
This is a start. I hope you r starting 2 see Trump is a madman endangering USA's future (& your political future incidentally)
Thank you for speaking out against the Immigration Ban.
I hope @SenBobCorker will do the same.
Thank you for saying this!
Thank you! This order comes so close to being a religious ban that it is a religious ban. A very unAmerican order.
Thank you for speaking out against the #MuslimBan and upholding our American values.
Thank you. Please do everything you can to change it #letthemin #RefugeesWelcome
thank you! Pls ask @TNattygen, @SenBobCorker to join the ppl of TN in condemning #RefugeeBan & stand firm against #MuslimBan
Thank You for standing up for the innocent Muslims caught up in this latest disaster. Protect America,please
thank you Senator Alexander for using common sense and compassion. Your constituents want more of this!
Thank you As a Lawyer please can you defend the Constitution of the US to ensure it holds on to it's best qualities not chaos
This is a good first step but actions need to follow words. #thisisnotnormal
this executive order is an embarrassment, please do not support this
Thank you for standing up for what's right. Now will you please #StopPresidentBannon ?
Thank you for your wise words and standing in integrity, sir. From Nashville.
what do you propose we do in regards to the executive order?  Violence isn't the answer, but standing still isn't either...
thank you for this response! Now do the right thing when voting for BDV, say NO!
weak but a good start. With the passage if them those who stand up to Trump will be remembered as being on the side of justice
Unconstitutional, not inconsistent. Time to get off Twitter, Lamar, and make a stand.
So what you're doing is restating what we already know. Avoiding the question=losing my vote. Not like you had it anyway.
Typical on the fence BS.
You're typical political criminal positioning for votes.
"not vetted?"  NOTHING he does is vetted.  For God's sake, WAKE UP, Lamar!  This man makes you all look like morons!
This tepid statement is a start, but our country needs strong leadership to stand up to this dangerous administration. #StopPresidentBannon
Thank you for opposing this executive order, this is not how America treats people.
NO to Betsy DeVos
. @SenAlexander where was your statement Fri or Sat?  Your silence on Sat is louder than your statement on Sun. Coward. #muslimban
pleasantly surprised
"this broad and confusing order SEEMS to ban legal, permanent residents with ‘green cards,’ and MIGHT turn away Iraqis" - SRSLY? Do better!
thank you for speaking out against this Muslim ban, especially for breaking party lines with the @POTUS
I appreciate your courage to stand up for what is right.
did you even read it it just react to what the news media is saying?
It's a horrible thing. This man is dangerous to our country and our democracy!!! Speak out!!
thank you. We desperately need your steady wisdom right now. More to do. Good start.
please do more than this. It's a start but Tennesseans want action, not words. #NoBanNoWall
thank you for speaking out against this lunacy.
we need leadership in Washington standing for & protecting our American ideals.  Please rise to the occasion Sen. Alexander.
under 8 USC 1182, the President has the authority to ban anyone from entering the United States.
Thank you for making this statement. It's time for good people to stand up. Please continue to. Our democracy depends on it.
thank you for representing me and Tennesseans of all races and religions.
Do something about it! You know better!
Thank you, Senator Alexander. Born & attended college in TN. Agree wholeheartedly with your statement. Continue to stand firm.
Lamar we expect you are going to back President Trump. If you are not you should back off. We need to take this USA back.
Nothing about refugees who went thru 18 mo-long vetting process, had visas and were detained at airport anyway. Absurdly tame.
you and the @GOP are behind him on this until you explicitly are not. Cowardice is not an American value.
You're getting closer. I, a constituent who VOTES, do thank you for saying something. But you can do better. #impeachTrumpnow @SenAlexander
.@SenAlexander Thank you for your statement here. I would urge you to thoughtfully consider supporting @SenFeinstein 's bills tomorrow.
soft statement, but it's a start. Fight biggots such as @RudyGiuliani @RichardBSpencer & @StephenBannon #NoBanNoWall #resist
Stand up and say it is wrong sir. It is a religious test. It is like turning away the Jews in WWII. Stand up to this monster!
If it isn't a religious test, then why did @potus say priority will be given to Christian refugees?
Good first step, Senator.  But we need more. This absolutely entails a religious test. It must be rescinded.
decent but not far enough. It's not 'close' to wrong, it's just plain wrong! Please speak up!
I did not vote for you and I will work with your opposition to stop your weak a$$!!!  Grow a set!!!!
Thank you, Senator Alexander!
Thank you for speaking out. As our rep please strengthen your position and take action to support courts and reverse this EO.
Yes @SenAlexander ! Will you commit to these American values by promising to block nominations until the EO represents us?
thank you!
Awesome!  Now just add the word "unconstitutional" THEN you can use this newfound courage to #DumpDevos!
Please support our President with maybe some tweaks but not accusatory statements about religion. Same as obama had. Yes?
refugees already go through rigorous screening that can take years. This executive action is a national embarrassment.
We need clear-eyed leaders right now. Thank you for speaking out about the vetting process of this ban.
Wishy washy. What is your plan to halt the #MuslimBan? If you refuse to fight it, then as a senator, you're supporting.
TN/USA needs your rationality to protect our values from this wanna be dictator masquerading as a "Republican" #nobannowall
Where's the rest of your fellow Republican senators?
Thank you for your statement.
Thank you for opposing ban. Larger issue is countries left out - where he does business condemn his conflicts of interest
alright Lamar, now what about all the people rallying at your West End office about DeVos? We haven't forgotten! #NotoDeVos
Letting Soros sponsored protests define the American character is dangerous and foolish.
this is the first responsible thing you've done since he has been President. Good job.
thank you for this. Now please take action to back up these words. Please protect our nation
you finally got smart @JimPethokoukis
the only answer is for the GOP to take the lead NOW on real immigration reform.
thank you for this tweet! Now go to our nation's capital and demand Trump lift the ban #NoBanNoWall
Thank you for your statement opposing the EO. Now please take action to stop this irresponsible governing. Checks & balances!
Not enough. And LATE.
Thank you
thank you for being reasonable!
Why can't you just say it's unconstitutional?
Thank you, some sanity is refreshing.
Thank you for speaking out and for standing for these truths which seem self evident.
Thank you, Senator, but we need you to do more. Hold up all the nominations until Bannon is out.
. Finally my Tennessee Senator is beginning to speak up. Please find a way to impeach Donald J Trump. He is un-American!
@MichaelRWear Weak sauce, Senator. 
thank you for speaking out against the #MuslimBan
and what are you going to do??
Well said! 45 is way off base with this use of Executive Order
So you support? You don't?   This statement is so vague it's hard to tell where you stand.   Please be specific.
Not good enough & not prompt enough. The RELIGIOUS ban is unconstitutional & cruel. I think you know that but too weak to say.
yes!  Well said!  Now you are on the right track!  Proud of you.  Vote NO ON SESSIONS.
I support the @POTUS & And I don't fall into step with all of your positions EVER!  #TNVoter #TrumpSupporter #MAGA
Thank you, but please do more to correct this.
Thank you for this statement. Please continue to question the EO's and support your people
This is a passive response.  No matter who it is, Iraqi or otherwise, refugees & immigrants are WELCOMED here!  Stand up, Senator!
What a milk toast, nonsense statement.  #notastatesman Stand for something besides getting re-elected. #politicalhack
.@SenAlexander - swing and a miss. this needs to be much, much stronger if you want anyone to believe you care about the #MuslimBan.
thank you sir for standing up for American values - your voice is so important !
it's a start. But saying it's unconstitutional would be better. Since you know it is. #nomuslimban #NoBanNoWall
maybe you should seek clarity from Betsy. But probably will need to wait until she is done writing her check to your party.
we support the @POTUS Murfreesboro
weak response. Where's the call to rescind order?
Will you commit to supporting legislation to undo this order?  If not, your words are empty.
Thank you, Senator.
agreed that this order is inconsistent with American values.Will you stand against it? Will demand @realDonaldTrump change it?
Thank you for speaking out on this Executive Order and showing that TN welcomes immigrants.
This is a start, thanks. Stronger resistance to Bannon please!
Thank you for speaking up!
thank you! You were gov when I was at Vandy. Good man.
this is a start, but no where near strong enough, keep working on it, we'll keep our voices loud, it's not hard, be decent.
Not enough, I am a moderate, lean left on social, fiscally/military right, I truly fear this admin, THIS IS NOT NORMAL
just say I don't like it.
Powerful words! Glad to see this. I'm looking forward to seeing what you will do to remedy the situation.
OK ... but what are you going to DO about it?!
thank you
Now, Betsy.....come on, seriously?
Thank you for speaking up and against this EO
Thank you Senator. A good start. You've supported science, education in career. Fight! Your country needs you. No on DeVos!
Well see if u do any action to back up common sense, human decency, and your words. I'm a voting constituent. I'm watching. 
Now what? What can you do to help your constituents get rid of this mess?
Thank you, Senator. Please continue and further your protection from Trump/ Bannon/ Flynn aggressions and overreaches.
so, what happens next? Words AND actions need to take place. #NoBanNoWall
@ jaketapper Decent response, Senator. You and @BobCorker are going to have to get a lot tougher against this #megalomaniac.
Yes!
Thanks for speaking out against this shameful EO. Now, commence impeachment before @POTUS fires up needless war - act now!
Brilliant. Thank you
hope you get voted out may have to move back just to make sure you do
Your statement is a start but not strong enough. Congress needs to #StandUpToTrump & Bannon. This is not America.
