Get D.C. Out of healthcare!!!. Y'all have ruined it! I am 59, need a dr visit, won't go cause will then have preexisting condition!!
Government in health care is a real "success." Just ask Charlie Gard's parents.
Also completely wrong. If you bothered to read the facts of the case you'd realise he was always terminal and couldn't be saved.
No one knows the future, so claiming that a condition is incurable can only apply to the present moment, not to tomorrow or etc.
Now it can be treated with antibiotics. But that won't bring back people who died from it years ago. You cam only treat disease in present
Who knows what treatments might be available for Charlie's condition, but sadly GOSH killed Charlie and took away his options.
A step in the right direction!  Please include a single-payer option like Medicare for all.
NO!!!! That is not America!! Move to Canada ... wait 6 months for care
If single payer is good enough for the US military, why not the rest of US?  Oh right, "death panels."   Hahahaha!   And Benghazi!
Obviously you haven't put your life on the line for our country ... they deserve that and more.. your welcome to leave the US if unhappy ...
@PattyMurray Trump won't pay CSRs if Senate doesn't vote again to repeal. You have to stop this @POTUS We need bipartisan #FixandRepairACA
#FullRepeal only! #RepealObamacareAsPromised!  #UnitedForFreedom!
Good news!  We need a bipartisan fix for ACA that does not diminish coverage.  Thanks for stepping up.
Thank you for your bi-partisen approach. Right for the country. Right for a good healthcare outcome for its citizens. McCain is right!
If congress had to pay their own insurance, maybe ours wouldn't be so expensive.
#TrumpCare is 98% ACA. Doing wrong worse than doing nothing...
#Truth #Constitution #Liberty #COS #FreeEnterprise #FullRepeal #NoReplace
Why did you vote to give democrat Obama flexibility to modify his Russian sanctions as needed but not your Republican President? Rhino!
I'm living in both TX & TN. Glad that u are voicing need for repair. Please contact @HealthyTexans of @CHCTexas for healthy perspective
Thank you for initiating this! #RegularOrder
I buy my family insurance on an exchange w/ no subsidy, and I applaud your effort to stabilize markets #aca #healthcare #sanity #reasonable
Remember just a few weeks ago when you had a spine? Seems like so long ago already. #bipartisan #healthcare
Keep your promise w clean repeal. It appears u insist we continue to bail out Big Insurance while the people get the bill. Not good enough!
How big was the bribe you received from the insurance companies? LIAR!
If Obamacare was so great, why do the people who forced it own us now want to fix it?
Thank you Sen Alexander and Sen Murray for working together on health care committee hearings.  Our grandson's future depends on you.
Thank you for your work with Senator Murray and others to help fix the individual market.  Our LIVES depend on YOU.
Finally-  some sane and cooler heads can help us find a path forward. #ACA should not be partisan issue.
What's the point of hearings when you have already decided you are going to bail out the insurance companies?
They already decided? Can you link source please? (Not attacking you, literally uninformed).
If repeal had occurred they would have bailed them out temporarily with transition period. She nailed my cynical side is why the retweet
my cynical side has absolutely no faith in our government to fix any of the healthcare issue, no matter what they do.
Chris what is ur solution to fixing HC. Not trying to put u on the spot just curious
Unfortunately HC in politics all seems to be predicated on ideology over actual economics.
I could not agree more
I will be honest and say that I have struggled with this. I believe in free markets and small government...
Thank you sir for putting country above party.
This is great news! Time to work together to fix the ACA!
We pay more for meds than anyone in the world. Our laws & regulations create PROTECTED market for exploitative pricing. #PharmaTransparency
Is this what u campaigned on last year?  Preserving OCare?  Making it work?  Or did u campaign on REPEAL?

U really are a loathsome liar.
Why are you working with Democrats? They're the ones who wrecked our healthcare system with their stupid Obamacare! What's wrong with you?
About time ...
The @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats better wake up and smell the anger. 
Forget the insulting #BetterDeal and give us #MedicareForAll
Heartening to see bi-partisan statesmanship showing up in the U.S. Senate.
Thank you for putting the American people before party. We need more courageous leaders #Healthcare
We are NOT interested in SINGLE PAYER & if you fall for that then you are a fool.  R were shut out by BHO & now you want to go back there
Thank you Senator.
We live in Knox County & are VERY disappointed in your performance.We will actively campaign against you Mr. Alexander. Support our @POTUS
Why didn't you start this process years ago, or at least when the President won the election? We live in Knox County & can't buy insurance.
Keep up the bipartisan approach. The GOP & DEMS must work together to improve (not repeal or replace) Obamacare. For the people!
Please send health care back to the states. It's gone well beyond intuitively obvious the Fed Gov't has proven they can't manage it.
@SenMurray thank you for at least starting a rational approach to solving a problem. Please put patients before politics
Thank you Senator! This is the way forward for American healthcare
Thank you for your efforts to stabilize and strengthen health care insurance. Please keep your bipartisan approach. Only way forward.
A hearing isn't going to really get anything done. Just a lot of talk and posturing. Yada, yada, yada. No wonder Senate is disfunctional.
You ought to invite representatives from Canada, Australia, Germany, etc and pick their brains on how to implement successful healthcare.
Immediately remove the power of the President to delay CSR payments. Show us you're serious about stabilizing the ACA.
Our system provides security for the customers and creates thousands of jobs,no costs but additional tax revenues. http://www.digitalmedicalcard.us 
U criticize the president because he put pressure on the senate? R u insane? The House passed a HC bill & U all did nothing! Do your job!!!
This president can't even depend on republicans to get tax cuts or HC. If u think u can do this & not pay a political price u r delusional
As a Colorado Republican, I will be volunteering to make telephone calls for your opponent during your next reelection campaign.
This is a bunch of hogwash. What's unstable? The insurance is already unusable and unaffordable and will remain so. Seems stable to me.
Thank you.
Looking for Democrats to help fix what's really wrong with Obamacare is a fool's errand. You're welcome to try, but repeal is your best bet.
Oh yay, you are on the McCain bipartisan train-thanks for nothing Senator!
Definitely a step in the right direction sir. No more ACA sabotage in TN!
Very disappointed in you Lamar! Your trying to save a dead fish with more tax payer funds! You still out of touch with the people!!!!
You walked across TN to get a state with 3 grand divisions that they could unify behind you. Why are you just reaching across the aisle now?
Maybe there's a statesman in you after all. Sen Baker would be proud to see a measured approach included stakeholders. Medicare for all, too
Thank you. #bipartisanship.
STOP bailing out big insurance companies!
No one needs insurance to see a #PrimaryCare doctor
Insurance is for financial risk
Not for reducing access to medical care
#FullRepeal
So the @GOP has funded O-Care and subsidized Insurances for  7 years and all we have is skyrocketing prices and premiums. What would change?
Thank you @SenAlexander & @PattyMurray. We the people want more BIPARTISAN effort. Incremental fixes. Talk to each other. Cooperate. 
Thanks for being a leader; for trying to return the Senate to the contemplative, dedicated body it was meant to be!!!
You need to retire or will be voted out in 2020.  You or Corner will never get my vote again.  period.
Except Trump is going to announce no subsidies.  So back to the days before ACA when ins cos set all the rules and people went uninsured.
Oh, did you learn the meaning of bipartisan after last week? Many of your constituents have been calling for open hearings since day one!
Very happy to hear that this important matter is moving in the right direction!  The @CF_Foundation is counting on you and TN is too!
How exciting, a chairman who plays politics and a liberal who has no moral compass. Great deal for the taxpayers.
I am a Tennessee constituent. It seems you have been choosing more the voice of the people than party. I hope I am right.
We expect you to treat Sen Murray with respect during these meetings unlike others we watched you in.  Both of you are equal.  Act like it.
Thank you sir.
Funny, "Chairperson" sounded like Lamar A. is in charge.  Clearly, that is not the case.  Patty Murray's lapdog!!
So, you want to keep Obamacare in place.  Sorry, thought you were a conservative.  My mistake.
This TN voter will be watching closely to see if you will be working in a bipartisan fashion to serve the interests of those you represent.
This one too!
Let's see some reaching across the aisle for solutions. It's not that much of a stretch. Maybe we'll get some real policy.
Have all the hearing you want but the Insurance Companies fell for this Obamacare scam and should not be bailed out. @POTUS VETO THIS CRAP!
Thank you for working in bipartisan manner w/stakeholders to fix healthcare. Hope your GOP colleagues follow ur example on other big issues.
You call this "affordable". You've done gone completely stupid.
Kudos Senators! This is what must be done.
Since u and the socialist apparently both favor more govt control of health care, what is the point?
The Insurance Subsidies is the only leverage Trump has against the lying @SenateGOP . You promised repeal, now repeal!
NO! You are not going to fund Insurance Subsidies and I will encourage Trump to veto any attempt. You get 2/3 rds to override it. LIARS!
You and fellow GOP Are a http://disgrace.YOU  always cave to Dems ..tax tax tax..bailouts,bailouts,bailouts..You are useless!!
You are so wrong,,in your assumptions,,on COST Caring,,, for Health INS.. U ARE THE PROBLEM,, With BAILOUTS My GOD, 70% were OK.B 4 Ocare
When U got Libs agreeing with U,,Your thought process is Flawed, U should know that by Now, U been there Long enough
20T in debt HC disaster and no relief in sight. Please for good of the country resign and encourage Mitch to resign also. Poor leadership
Oh, before recess please ensure 45 signs the sanctions bill. He's trying to make it go to pocket veto. Don't let him.
More hearings! U guys had 7 yrs to study the HC problems. Unbelievable! Exactly what can u compromise with today's Dems. on HC?!
Thank you! Please work to fix the program for everyone! Even if that means you have to put the smack down on insurance companies.
No cuts to Medicaid/Medicare. Oh better yet, we stop this madness and move to a Single Payer system. U guys messed up, so fix it for ppl.
As a Tennessean, you make us proud!
I will work to get this senator un-elected.
Bravo!
Comittee hearings, finally! Wish this had happened sooner, but sounds like a good path forward to me.
Okay $2200 p/m is to much. Drop that by $1K and we're good
Hallaluh, at last some bipartisanship. you get it done, I know you can. you listening https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr  & https://twitter.com/SenSchumer 
Oh it's BIPARTISAN?? That's excellent.  Still get some deserved rest soon.
Take your recess!!!!!
Please STOP!!!!!!
Are you going to release me from being held hostage to purchasing an overpriced insurance plan that does not serve my best interest?
Wow! This is great. Thanks for doing this - and eager to read about progress (or further shenanigans)
What a joke! Guess I need to look into who is financing Alexander now...
Great move!
25
You are a breath of fresh air. THANK YOU!!!
I'm a liberal who says thank you and go to it. Real people out there, real consequences. No one can govern with spite/without compromise.
Please make your constituents your priority this time. Not just those of us in TN but representing citizens across the USA
Something else needs to be discussed amongst lead Senators on both sides, please tell me the difference of saying pu$$y or c÷*k out loud?
Thank you for trying to do this the right way
TY. I support funding the cost-sharing subsidies. 1 year is good. Longer is better. People I know need the security of a long term plan.
NO MORE SUBSIDIES! 
How about your Insurance, you say you are American, when will you save Americans? #breastcancersurvivor
Alexander Decoded-we didn't take health care from 23M with our secret process. Now we need bipartisan cover to bail out the health insurers!

you're a traitor to your constituents!
Oh and let's not forget obstruction of justice
Wonderful. I fully support bipartisan fixes to the ACA!
No, let obamacare fail. Obama care is fascism.
Republicans tried to impeach Clinton because of a affair. Trump has a list of collusion too long to get into on here
No one believes me when I tell them about all the collusion, say no real evidence. Can u please point me in the direction of the proof
He gave classified information to Russian diplomats let their press in kept ours out. Donald Trump jr. Met with Russian agents
Need to get security clearances revoked from Trump's children get them out of the White House and impeach Trump. Russia Trump collusion
Thank you
The hell with committee meetings. You had your chance to help us by voting no
About a month late. Waste of time/ taxpayer money. You don't represent our best interests.
