Why are our Nation's children only worth one round? How much is she paying you?
.@SenAlexander They had some qualifications. And there was a short round 2 for King.
DeVos's qualifications: 1) Is rich 2) Donates to GOP 3) Loves privatizing -- Actual knowledge not needed
@sdixon11 very concerning how unprepared she was yesterday - I think she soiled herself at some point as well
now you want to follow the golden rule GOP? #voteNO on @BetsyDeVos
That was atrocious. She is grossly unqualified unlike previous nominees. You tried to hide her incompetence but it was clear.
So she may or may not answer written questions, when she can google "fape" and "idea"?  This is not as it should be. Not right
@GOPHELP but only 5 mins to ask questions that needed more time!
DeVos hearing was a joke. 5 min limit for a nominee with 0 prior education experience & no tax records? What???
What a crock!! Based on the Republican criteria, ANYONE is qualified to fill this position. Ramrod totally unqualified Devos!!
She does NOT know what IDEA is!! Will she educate and protect my son!!
You people are sickening!! Ramrod unqualified Devos thru. She couldn't answer pertinent questions. Not know Federal laws!!
Obama nominees didn't need more time. All info was available before the hearing. what are you hiding?
Your cowardice is being revealed daily. This voter has a long memory. 2020 is not far away.
Very inappropriate and still debatable as to whether this is supported by 'precident'.
423-752-5337 CALL HIM AND REQUIRE A 2ND HEARING!!!!!!!!
Obama’s ED nominees also had more than 5 minutes to answer questions. You are being disingenuous
This woman is not qualified, and they know it. She doesn't know basic policy and destroyed Detroit Public Schools
Not appropriate if committee members have more questions. DeVos has No experience-important to vet her thoroughly.
Golden rule... how would you want your kids educated?  Be genuine!
Teachers can handle more than three hours of questions, have more education, and go through multiple interview rounds.
They also had their ethics info in place. She has zero experience, so more questions are needed.
Devoe owns a collection agency that collects from college students.
I want to know what she makes off of charters. Others had their paperwork in. Total appearance of impropriety.
Obama's nominees all had proper ethics papers in place. Where are @betsydevos '???
This is a mockery! @SenatorWarren called you out and you did it differently for Obama. Plus vetting not complete!
How much did Devos pay you, Lamar? Just curious how much your soul is worth. 
as a teacher I am deeply concerned with her answers and lack of knowledge in certain areas. IDEA, growth/proficiently, guns.
Golden Rule is "he who has the gold has the rule." You abused your power to protect the unqualified.
is this like the Biden rule?  Corruption!
his choice was qualified.  Trumps is not!
The American people demand further rounds of questioning. This is a sham government. This is a sham nominee. Shame on you
Steve love your tweets, and couldn't agree with you more this is a shame
Why are you so intent on destroying the education system. The country is safer without a Sec. of Ed. than with DeVos as Sec.
Why have the hearing without proper paperwork, and in the evening?  What are you hiding and from whom?
what are you afraid they will find out? We already know that she is no qualified
Incredibly childish way to lead. Can we expect future statements from you to also end with the phrase "Not Fair"?
yet Obama's noms had ethics/financials submitted timely & had public ed experience. Privatization isn't reform. #DumpDevos
Totally different types of candidates, and no one asked before. Hearings should be process w purpose not rubber stamp.
Concerned DeVos' stance on what's best "left up to states" will erode decades of work to protect disabled students' rights.
don't try to play Mr. Moral. You were there and saw that fundamental questions still needed to be ask/answered in public.
You pretended not to hear Sen Warren's reading of record facts  - So obvious you were being manipulative & deceptive re: rules
why are you trying to subvert democracy? What are you afraid of?
difference Obamas picks& Devos: they were QUALIFIED. We can clearer see your motives Money 2 u is more important than the ppl
If you or she didn't have anything to be afraid of, you'd have gladly allowed a longer question period. Her lack of bona fides is evident.
.@SenAlexander What's the rush? Why not wait until all her papers & checks are in order? Speaking of Golden . . .
@GOPHELP as an educator I am disgusted & discouraged worried 4 the innocent students whose futures u sell 4 campaign funds
my interview for ass. principal was way longer, and actually required a degree and knowledge. This is on you. Think about it.
show courage. 2rd. Hypocrisy no SCOTUS hearing, should dems vow make trump a 1 term prez. Ur thinking is flawed. #BetsyDeVos
Because they were not completely incompetent and didn't require 2 rounds!
Sen. Alexander, your management of this hearing - namely the limitations placed on time when it was repeatedly asked for - was disgraceful.
SHAME ON YOU. This is a travesty and you are complicit!
I'm glad that's why you allowed him to pick a Supreme Court nominee and y'all vetted Garland! ...wait...
What a disgrace of an appointment! She knows nothing of IDEA, progress vs. proficiency, and her 1099's are a clerical error!
What a fiasco. I would step carefully around the use of the word "golden" these days sir. The hearing was a fiasco. Shame!
always "unfair" when #Dems don't get their way! Thank you for standing firm!
this is all a sham!!! you are all disgusting #RiggedCabinet
You KNOW this woman is unqualified and you won't allow addtl questioning because it is apparent to anyone w/ a BRAIN #devos
should be ashamed at how you conducted the hearing.  All voices and questions should be heard.
When trump nominates woefully ignorant and unqualified ppl for cabinet positions the public is entitled to having our questions answered!
Nobody said you couldn't ask for a second round! That was your choice! You're a disgrace!!! She is a threat to children and education!
they also complied with the ethics rules
No ethics review. No tax returns. No experience. No answers 4 tough questions. We're paying attention, & we deserve better.
Previous candidates were qualified. Had experience in education. Had all paperwork available for review.
Could you please explain your "golden rule" concept? I am unfamiliar with the use of that term in this context.
as constituent disappointed  you say the same rules apply to one with no pub ed experience. She didn't know IDEA was a fed law
Obama's picks for Sec of Ed knew the diff between proficiency & growth! & knew what IDEA was. That is the difference.
those nominees were ready and competent to serve, she isn't.
DeVos has no administrative experience but hs financial connections to charter schools.She has little to no public experience.
That's because his nominees had qualifications and experience to do the job. This woman was terrible.
that is malarkey. Unlike this nominee President Obama's had actual education pedigrees rather than just large sacks of cash.
This is a joke. DeVos is not qualified. What are you trying to hide?
is that how you're rationalizing this?? She's not qualified n keeps proving it. @SenFranken was right to want more questions
Smug little man.
That isn't the golden rule.  It is "Do unto others as you would have done to you" She is not qualified to lead education
pushing this unqualified woman through is shameful. Nothing is more important than education.
Did members have more questions? #whatareyouhiding #letherspeakforherself
Where's her ethics paperwork?!?!
this candidate has not been fully vetted! How can your "Golden Rule" apply? Of all people,how can you support this?!!
Devos is unqualified to be Sec of Ed!  You have a duty to protect educational rights of ALL children not just rich.
Does that make it right? Very disappointed in you and the way this hearing was run.
let them ask more questions! We the people want more vetting!
Ensuring quality education for ALL is NOT a Republican versus Democrat issue! More questions needed #DeVosHearing
why aren't the senators who received campaign money from DeVos recusing themselves?
Mrs. Devos looks like she is watching a tennis match with all the senators complaining ask and forth
Disgraceful. Americans want answers. Precedent should be predictable and one round seemed to be a surprise to most!
I think perhaps you have confused the Golden Rule with tit for tat.  Is this really how you would have others do unto you?
Great job Sen.
Why don't you think educating America's youth is important enough to merit another round of questions?
written questions might be the only way since the confirmation hearing is turning into a compliant hearing
Actually, this isn't true.
Lewis Carroll would be proud of your kind of reasoning. Double standard. The public wants to hear this very important position
To allow someone completely devoid of any ed experience to slide through confirmation with limited questioning is a sham.
listen to your colleague from Colorado. Prev nominees had experience....in education
@GOPHELP you're wrong,we want to hear more questions. #devos is an extreme candidate,
This is not about President Obama and tit for tat. It's about Mrs. DeVos' qualifications and the importance of this position.
Did the republicans ask for a second round?  NO!
FYI...3.5 hours is less time than most people spend in a job interview and not to run a department in the US Govt!  Shameful!
Shame on You Lamar Alexander.  Your constituents won't forget your role in this farce of a hearing.
VOTE NO! Information is missing, no education experience… she PAID for this appointment with 200 MILLION in donations.
Ridiculous!  Enough with your "precedent." It is obvious to all that more questions are needed!
Unequal qualifications...
Shame on you! #shame #VoteThemOut2018
shame on you for not allowing a fair and common practice of granting a second round of questions!
expect better from this from a former sec Ed.  Full questioning please. #urbetterthanthis #askateacher
She doesnt know difference btwn proficiency and growth:
Franken asks the Secretary of Education nominee on her views re: proficiency vs. growth. She is not qualified to lead. #DeVosHearing 
Glad to see that your concern is for rushing through DeVos's hearing instead of for the well-being of students.
How much money has her family given you I wonder? #GoldenRule is to give your pockets what they want
What are you hiding? American children deserve better than this incompetent, unqualified hack
more time and more questions. What would it hurt if she is, indeed, qualified?
So what are you trying to hide, Senator? Wouldn't have to rush her thru if you weren't scared of something coming out.
.@SenAlexander /But PBO'S nominees did not give millions to congress.  With her wealth and destruction of MI schools, we need more answers!
but his appointments actually had experience working for what their departments stood for, not against them.
More time. She has not given adequate replies and senators have not had adequate time to ask the vital questions.
So you are jeopardizing my child's education because "He started it?" Stop working for your party and WORK FOR THE PEOPLE.
The childlike behavior astounds me. The pitiful games played to jab and screw others w/a diff. opinion are astounding. Grow up
Once ALL her paperwork is giventhere should be more questions allowed. You're obviously concerned about something.
oh? Where do you stand on Merrick Garland?
So when it suits your agenda then Obama is great? She hasn't turned in all her paperwork! What's she hiding? And you?
Unbelievable.  You don't even have her tax returns or financial disclosures.  What are you scared of.  Allow a property vetting.  Do ur Job!
I don't hear them asking questions.  They are bullying and ranting.
Yes, but they also had experience in a public school, a record that could be followed and understood. What does #DeVos have?
afraid your pick can't hold up under any scrutiny? Let there be a second round of questioning.The American students deserve it
- Do you feel her answers were really clear and concise?  There doesn't seem to be enough clarity on her experience
but there is precedent for more rounds of questioning as was pointed out by @PattyMurray. We need another round!
1: We NEED ethics review.  2: We need more questions answered.
@GOPHELP And how much money have you received from the DeVos family? #conflictofinterest #DumpDevos
.@SenAlexander And yet she's still managed to be in over her head.
Betsy #DeVos will put our children first on the financial chopping block! #
They also had experience and a good education, record of public service. But who the hell of the GOP clown show cares? Not you
That's not a 'rule'..the 'golden rule' is something completely different. Trying to push through an unqualified person.
says the bitter snarky Chairman! #devos is illqualified and more questions are critical.
Your #GOLDENRULE Sir is Bullshit!!!
#DeVosHearing
so if the committee for President Obama jumped off a cliff, then this committee should also jump off a cliff?!
. @SenAlexander Because she can't stand up to more than one round as she's already crumbling? #BetsyDeVos
Has DeVos's ethics review concluded and her financial disclosures made public? No! Follow the rules of ethics!
his nominees also weren't fundamentally ignorant, corrupt, and unqualified.
hearing will follow the best route to deceive America and cover all the evil
SHAM of a hearing. SHAME on you. You are a hack.  How much DeVos SuperPAC money do you have, Lamar ?
he got $5400 from her 2016 http://www.followthemoney.org/entity-details?eid=23375&default=contributor …
They also has more experience and completed ethic paperwork. Where is the disclosure?
You work for us screw your bum rushing the meeting, we need a lot more in depth nuanced questions!!!!
Why are you questioning her without her tax returns???
what's her experience w public school compared to past candidates? Your name is on my UT diploma - I am very disappointed n u.
So disappointed!Not a ball game!Committee should be allowed more time.As a taxpayers parent & gr parent I want to know more!
Times are different, you can't always follow old precedences. We need more rounds of questions.
this is not the same!!! #ActDumb
Has DeVos been througly vetted? This is not "Do unto others as you would done to you"  This is following the rules!
Not fair! DeVos will  be in charge of our children's future. Not allowing the senators to ask second round of questions. Bad!!
Thankful for @PattyMurray's advocacy for further questioning and more followup.
That's not the Golden Rule. That's suppression. What are you afraid of?
OBAMA nominees completed their Conflict of interest paperwork which has NOT been filed by DeVos.
Whatsa matter? Afraid she will cut off your donations and dirty money under the table?
They also had their security clearances before anyone would question them HOW ABOUT THAT? Bad Senate Sad #DumpTrump
Wonder why teachers across the country are protesting against your little friend, Senator. You are so corrupt.
you are simply lying to your constituents. Shame on you, senator. It may take a while, but we'll put you behind bars.
.@SenAlexander is trading public education for campaign donations. He should be imprisoned. @knoxnews @Tennessean @chattanooganews
I'm curious, Senator... why not have 0 rounds of questioning? You and your R colleagues clearly love Devos w/o question.
She is a more questionable candidate! Other committees allow multiple rounds! Protect the public, not the large money donor!
@SenSchumer But Prez Obama's nomination had EXPERIENCE, COMPLETED ALL VETTING MATERIAL. This nom is UNKNOWN, NO EXPERIENCE.
#Devos wants to privatize pub schools, add religion, won't punish sexual assault. US children deserve BETTER.
Your nominee just praised a classroom with no teachers. There you go. Republicans want to rape public schools and teachers.
Ethics review and background checks not complete? More ?'s may need to be answered after.
2/2 just cause your state has bad schools, we will NOT let you ruin our schools in NY! She is here cause 200 million $ to you
5 minutes?? This woman has a Bachelors from a crappy college, no experience, wants religious schools. Just cause your state 1/
but hey, I get it. Government = bad, poor people are poor for a reason, and billionaires should be formally in charge.
That's the Republican credo in a nutshell.
Please do not let this woman near our public schools.
golden rule = do to others as you would have them do to you. Not surprising that you would prefer to not be scrutinized.
Obama's noms had ALL their paperwork cleared of COI & ethics concerns prior. You're bum rushing DeVos thru to HIDE SOMETHING!
what are you afraid of Senator? Can't she handle the tough questioning?
