She wants to make it more difficult to crack down on campus sexual assault. Read
No Sir. She is on the side of her corporate interests. She has Zero knowledge of education and science of how children learn.
By the looks of your twitter replies and sound of your answering machine, YOUR CONSTITUENTS ARE TELLING YOU NO.
Unfortunately, Sen. Alexander is above us now, as he doesn’t plan to run for re-election in 2020. #statesman
You can and will be replaced by someone who represents what you're SUPPOSED TO. Stop being swayed by fame and money.
PEOPLE BEFORE PARTY. You know and we know, DeVos is unqualified. As a TN voter, you have lost my vote.
You're an embarrassment
TN=fastest growth on NAEP. MI=fell from 28 to 41 in 4th gr reading w/ DeVos. I am a TN constituent. Pls vote no.
She is not qualified in any way to lead this department.
not MY child, who lives with a disability and benefits from FAPE and IDEA protections, which she doesn't understand
MILLIONS disagree.  Do your job-represent the PEOPLE'S clear NO on @BetsyDeVos @RepTomPrice
compare nominees and hearings? maybe because she is in no way qualified and the last 2 nominees were.  #agendaoverintelligence
she is not! Do not nominate! The people do not support her! Support the people!
Wrong. Taxes will be used for private schools for rich, white people because rural-working poor cannot afford them!
NO SHE IS NOT. Public schools are the key to our education! Vouchers and private schools for elites WILL NOT HELP.
No she is not and neither are you.What about the thousands of kids in TN? Fund public schools & support our kids and teachers!
@POTUS spoke about returning power to the people.  DeVos is clearly not qualified to help Americans children.  Vote NO!
Professional teachers who evaluate Devos as a sellout; typical Trump candidate..more dangerous than Nuclear Ricky.
.@SenAlexander For someone who used to be the Sec. of Education, you would think you would know a qualified candidate. 

Guess not
Whose children? Apparently not low-income children.
So you are cool with student loans, but someone who in no way shape or form has done one or really knows anyone who filled one
@tndp dump DeVos, she is less qualified than most 5th graders in public schools
Unfair 2 imply critics R against kids.  We want public schools FIXED, not left behind 4 charters & privates w/little oversight
DeVos is on the side of herself. Bought her cabinet nom. Bought you. Bought Corker. Shame. Toadies, all.
when you have more questionable qualifications, you get asked more questions.  That's how it works.  DO YOUR JOB!
I am registered voter in TN. A 2nd hearing is needed. Make it happen for students in my state!!
Please tell me what makes her qualified for this role... besides her family's generous political contributions.
the people telling you "no" aren't politicians. We're parents!
WRONG!!! Just say NO!
even us michiganders know shes wrong. All she has is money. No experience worthy of this position #NotoDeVos
can you worry about important stuff like why your techers are overworked and underpaid instead of trying to put us outta jobs?

Betsy DeVos will be a disaster. Please allow a second hearing.
searching for reasons?  Vote NO unqualified DeVos.  fully fund public schools.
As the son of two public educators, how in good conscience can you believe @BetsyDeVos is the most qualified to lead education
U have got to be kidding! These are our children & this is our future! Surely you can come up with someone qualified!  A Voter
Wow look at them suck up to money bags. How much did Betsy DeVos pay Lamar for his support???
you are wrong and you know it. Our kids deserve better. Stop sir
no no no she isn't. #saveourPublicSchools #voteNo on @BetsyDeVos
is that a yes or no?
if by "our" you mean Senators I'd definitely agree.  Heck, her donations have probably paid most of their college tuitions!
she is not on the side of our children. #voteNo @BetsyDeVos
this womanis a religious loon who has destroyed schools in Michigan. She cant even use proper English. No way
Sir, she is frighteningly under-qualified. Vote NO please.
For Shame! DeVos is not qualified for the position. She will NOT be good for our children. Vote No.
She is hardly on the side of the children #votenodevos
your DeVos support is disturbing. I voted for you many times and I am appalled at your refusal to listen to our voices.
Sir, I think you are sadly mistaken about Betsy DeVos. Please find someone who is qualified for this important position.
how could you do this to children??
If so qualified & you have majority why need for defense? Voters pushing back? @Lawrence @maddow @chrislhayes @@HardballChris
honey, I can't wait to vote you out of office.
.@SenAlexander DeVos will harm our children's future. She's not even qualified to clean a school, let alone lead them all. #VoteNoDevos
as a constituent I implore you to vote NO on DeVos confirm. given 102 conflicts of interest and clear stake in for-profit ed
If you care about the students of the nation, confirm someone with real experience. Not DeVos.
Senator, we strongly disagree.  Our public schools need your protection.  Most can not afford private education.
Stop lying to us. She absolutely isn't.
Listen to your constituents. She is nowhere near qualified. @SenAlexander
She is not qualified for the job.  America's children deserve better. - TN voter
I would love to hear your thoughts on Betsy DeVos and your opinions on her qualifications.
Senator Alexander, Education is not a red/blue issue it's an issue of our future! Ms. DeVos is simply not qualified!
she doesn't know the difference between "proficiency" and "growth" but you wanna hurry up and comfirm her? Thats the basics. 
NO, she isn't. Railroading her through and not allowing 2nd hearing? If she's so qualified, let her answer questions.She Can't
boy bye
Mr. Alexander, you know DeVos is an absolute threat to both children and their educational opportunities. #Corruption
Lamar turned his back on the children in favor of a mega-donor. Disgusting man.
which children? CLEARLY you mean wealthy white children WITHOUT disabilities. You disgust me, Lamar... you disgust me.
this is outrageous we're even debating this lady. SHES NOT FUCKING QUALIFIED. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills
trump preached drain the swamp. @BetsyDeVos and her family ARE THE SWAMP!
this is a complete and utter disgrace and embarrassment. SHE IS NOT QUALIFIED. PERIOD
no she's not. You are lying. She's a billionaire and is being rewarded by GOP for her millions in contributions
and not the side of grizzly bears like me, who stalk the schoolyards of rural Wyoming #FairWarningHumans #SchoolChoice
Don't keep tweeting the same article unless you plan to back it up with more than conjecture.
by "our" you mean rich people's?
#DeVostating  our children need someone to fight for public education, not dismantle it
As a voter I'm troubled by your actions.  Her hearing was lackluster at best.  Do a better job!  Reminder, you do work for us.
As my representative, please do NOT base judgement on opinions & limited facts. The children need REAL advocacy. #NotoDeVos
I named my oldest son, Alexander, after you 17 years ago. My late father was your #1 fan. Please don't confirm #BetsyDeVos!
She is unfit and unqualified. Shame on you for going against what the American people want. #DumpDevos #SchoolChoice
Our children deserve better!! Vote NO!!!!
sure, rich children.  Go money $$$. Have you looked at the Charter schools, make money, don't educate.  It's all about money!
Betsy DeVos? ??
As a constituent, I am horrified. DeVos is in NO WAY qualified for this position.
Please tell me this is fake news
the fact this bimbo spent $200M for a $200k a year job should speak volumes on why she's not qualified. @SenateGOP
vote no, please. #noDevos
She's about as qualified for the job as you are for yours. Can't wait for constituents to vote you out after this bullsh*ttery
the way you're handling these hearings only proves your inability to represent the American people. You have lost my vote!
senator Alexander is refusing to answer phones in his offices and to return communication. We do not want DeVos
Congratulations on helping a non-qualified nominee push on because that's what your party wants
didn't have a second round is child's play. Apples and oranges. Your party and constituents should be ashamed.
Further, her lack of understanding on multiple topics is troublesome. To not schedule a 2nd round bc Obama's picks..
Disgraceful Senator. Of all cabinet nominees, her hearing was the worst. She provided next to no insight...
Are you even listening to your constituents? We vehemently disagree! She is not qualified!
She donated to 4 of the Comm members? Conflicts right there. Immoral...

Why????She Hasn't prove that she is smart enough to do the job.
She needs to be voted NO.
She paid a lot of $ to trump & her family donates millions/ That is the only reason she was nominated..Pay-to-Play
She is a danger to the education of our children.
For Sale to highest bidder: Sec of Education appointment. Our children deserve better and you know it.
#RealReason I oppose Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education: She is not qualified. She doesn't know what IDEA is
As a teacher this is an insult to our children.  Glad you do not represent my state.
Really? By running for profit failing charter schools while destroying public schools.  She is for herself and her wallet.
Before you vote on an unqualified woman like Betsy DeVos, why don't you come home to TN and visit rural public schools?
an incomprehensible pandering to money by monumental fools!
Absolutely not! She is uniquely unqualified. Allow another hearing so she can prove she is capable #thefixisin
Betsy DeVos is NOT qualified! Our kids deserve better!
No. Vote no.
No, she is on the side of big business. You and her want to sell education. Education should be free to all.
Amway products will clean up american education
not according to teachers and students who have been in her system.
- the people deserve better.  And we deserve a 2nd round of questions.  What are you trying to protect her from?

NO. Listen to your constituents. She is not on the side of OUR children.
John Austin: Devos' agenda is to break the public education system, not educate kids, and replace it with a for-profit model."
No second hearing?  Come on, give her a chance to get one question right!  @BetsyDeVos is an embarrassment.
.@senalexander As a constituent, I am deeply troubled by your views. TN education system is in shambles, and Ms. DeVos isn’t the answer.
.@senalexander The reason I oppose her for EDUCATION isn’t because she has helped low-income families. It is because she is a creationist.
.@senalexander And if you disagreed with @POTUS44 pick John King but “promptly” confirmed anyway - maybe we don’t need you in D.C. anymore.
how much money has she promised to Tennessee Senator-or is she just paying you for your support?
Are you serious? She didn't know the basics of education policy, which you would expect the Secretary of Education to know.
As long as those children are  good white christians and not disabled, minorities or LBGTQ. #shameful
open your eyes---my embarrassment of you increases
sharing this over and over does not make it true.
