when was the last time you had a minimum wage job?
raising the minimum wage will do more harm than good Companies will have to let people go
Neat response from a high school kid.
its because I have something called common sense
but not much economic sense. The buying power of the middle/low income earners move economy
woops
Sure glad you are not in charge if you were on the side of Andy Puzder!
Closing on an old lady's house for less than a buck ? #Priceless
how did that work out?
Wrong side of history again, sir.
delete this. I'm embarrassed for you.
He is the worst!
Just more proof Mitt that u r so out of touch with real Americans Orange Clown Supporter just shut Up Puzder was & is a joke like U #FKGOP
good call
Your initial statement regarding Trump, was correct, should have stood by it. He is unfit for the office and proves it daily
#obamagate Did they tap and spy on your campaign too?
wow...  You're as out of touch as ever.
is it the history of labor violations or the wife beating that makes him so appealing to you?
Maybe it's the commercials?
Ha
How in the world do you have 1.9 million followers? #NOsweetheartdeals #drive45mad #fortyfourisgreaterthanfortyfive
How'd that go?
You disappoint me. Your time as a stake pres here in MA must have been a farce if you think Puzder has the ethics to lead.
the wife abuser? that will send a strong wife beating is ok message to young guys everywhere. get real
are you KIDDING me?  Have you sold your soul?
I refuse to believe you said this. Had to be a bot filling in.
Seriously?
really Mitt really?
.@MittRomney so how'd that andy thing work out?
Good call as always ,Mitt.
how'd that work out for ya?
you are so irrelevant.
oh good grief
please urge them to get DJT out of the White House!
I was just about to follow this guy until I realized he's lost his mind.
Sorry the congress dragged their feet which allowed all these rumors to undermine him. replacement is opposite of what we need
Hahahaha Hahahaha Hahahaha hahahahahaha
: c'mon. Stop. It's over. You don't have to pretend anymore that this is normal. Any of it.
WRONG-WOW
The tensions, #keywords #2017 #ExecutiveOrder #Extreme #upset smh Flat honest, I like #Repubs > legit ones than 2016 Me = Demo
Who is A. #Puzder woah.
Andrew Puzder withdraws labor nomination,throwing White House into more turmoil
lost that one
well look what happened the establishment is out for themselves!
stop with your bs! You should know better.
that didn't work out so well
you liked him, republicans and of course democrats did not. Who was right or wrong?
Puzder didn't hear you
You really are no different than Ryan & the rest. How disappointing. What's in it for you? What leverage does DJT have on you?
can you honestly say that you are comfortable with all that is happening in the US - world? You have children, grandchildren…
you are so creepy!  Really? You support Puzder and wish you wife a happy Valentine's Day in close tweets? Gasp
Oops!  Seriously, Mitt - the Curb Your Enthusiasm theme should just play wherever you go.
Yeah, not so much with this one. Writing was already on the wall.
are you getting the sense that you are irrelevant?
How's that looking for you now Mitt
Why?
Please focus on, and speak up about, Trump and his cronies’ Russia ties! The American people need your voice.
Puzder? Really bad choice obviously. Show some integrity now that you are getting older and wiser. It would enhance your image.
No.
He is a wife beater! You make me sick, Mitt!
- you really are tone deaf when it comes to people and labor
Messires, neither of you care about labor by people. Only money and cutting taxes for the rich. @MittRomney @SenAlexander
Are you kidding?  Please just go away.

Ouch. Puzder' hometown paper says he's "misogynistic" and "uniquely unqualified" to lead Labor Dept.  http://www.stltoday.com/news/opinion/columns/the-platform/editorial-andrew-puzder-local-boy-made-good-has-no-business/article_989ea2cb-ae74-55f1-915b-3a04b012de98.html …
I guess by know, you realize that you look like Trump has you by the family jewel and forcing out of you this silly jibberish
deactivate your account.
Anti-Labor guys as Labor secretary?  Makes sense.....
Regardless of the fact that he abused his wife?  Do either of you have any morals or standards?  Lamar doesnt
still into fisting the 47% eh Mittens?
we need your leadership concerning what the @POTUS knew about Russian asset Flynn infiltrating @NSAGov Get @GOP to Investigate !
I don't know mitt. I can't imagine this guy being able to expand his view point beyond his business experience
Umm, he's not good people. Kind of like most of #Trump's #cabinet picks.
Thanks Mitt.
Come on Mitt, Andy is an unethical, sexist wife beater.
Really? Wife-beating doesn't bother you?
Because you hate American workers? Because you hate women? Because you think unethical people in cabinet positions is good?
Honestly I wouldn't believe anything you, Mccain or Graham ever said.
welcome to @realDonaldTrump train Mitt
why aren't you speaking out about this nutty president
You started strong but ended up selling your soul.  Sad.
@SenAlexander not a good idea-- so many "tests" he does not pass !
so we don't worry about illegal immigrants, as long as they worked for future labor secretaries?
a common sense choice!
why?
oh Mitt.  Really?
.@MittRomney he can hold the office until Darth Vader is available.
you just lost me, an LDS independent who wants to support you. But this shoes you're just a wealthy guy who doesn't get it,
You don't get it, the democrats LOST.... Shut up and deal with it.
Support? Good move Mitt, that's the spirit. We need Puzder. Fast.
Where have you been?
didnt he have an illegal in his house , smh
I know we can't do a do over but I really wish you would've ran.  Class and intelligence over crazy and egotistical
u got punked by Trump y r u still sucking up to him?
better outside america
@SenAlexander I strongly urge you to go away and take Alexander with you !
No. Absolutely no. Enough with these incompetent nominees. Disappointed in you my ex-governor
You lost me when you lost your principles. #resist
I bet your glad you didn't become SOS in this Titanic of an administration
Have you now taken the nut pill?
Disappointing
. @MittRomney Governor, what about Russia influence in the White House and utter disregard for IT security?
Who hacked your twitter and where is the serious Mitt?
Sir, you really have sold your soul, haven't you? Tragic.
This coming from a man of the Mormon faith. You support a man who has "treated" women this way: http://www.usnews.com/opinion/civil-wars/articles/2017-02-08/donald-trumps-labor-pick-andrew-puzder-is-bad-news-for-women …
Disgrace
Mitt seriously why?
sad 
he lacks principles and respect for the rule of law. He hasn't completed disclosure forms. Come on Mitt, you're better than this
I wish you had spoken out against unqualified canidates like Sessions and Devos, would make this endorsement mean more...
I like you, Governor. Puzder is a disgrace and must not be confirmed.
Why? He wants to replace American jobs with automation. He's anti-union. Anti-Obamacare (low wage workers NEED the ACA.) 
Raise minimum wages and someone has to pay it. Have to be reasonable.
@SenAlexander i strongly wish you ppl would impeach trump.  Stop acting like you dont see he is nothing more than a bully
Oh, Mitt, haven't they done enough to you already? Are you still holding out for Sec. State? #reek
you've driven past the relevance exit long ago.
Why? Explain.
you're still talking?
lolololol I'm sure you do.
You must have forgotten, nobody cares about what you say any more.
Despite the fact Puzder beat his ex-wife?
@SenAlexander
Go Home.
I strongly urge the Senate to confirm Andy Puzder as our next Secretary of Labor. https://www.facebook.com/mittromney/posts/10154154071746121 …
Right! Because you anyway care only for the ~46% of the Nation's people.
u must be rofl 
Trump used you like a condom. Clean yourself off and find your soul. Puzder's record is public. We know how horrible he is.
You swallowed the Orange kool aid, didn't you? But your nose is brown. @MittRomney
@SenAlexander should we listen to a multimillionaire re: min wage jobs? Just cuz u dissed trump doesn't mean we'll listen to u.
you must get lifetime free burgers
.@MittRomney @SenAlexander regulation is not the problem. We can do better than Puzder.
what's in it for you Mitt?
Ok, I take back everything nice I ever said about you OR your senility. You ain't on the level. #BackIntoObscurityYouGo #BoyBye
ah, republicans. the party that campaigns on the idea that govt doesn't work, then gets elected and proves it. piss off, guy.
Thank you Mitt!  Thanks for all you do..
...uh Mitt, Obamacare is Romneycare.  The GOP out of spite refused to approve the changes necessary. So much for a caring GOP?!
why do you hate minimum wage workers?
@SenAlexander NO
How does he qualify in the slightest?  His whole cabinet are against the very institution their swearing to protect...
Hard to imagine a worse choice
I strongly urge the Senate NOT to confirm Puzder who puts corporations ahead of people
You should frame this tweet to remind you of the moment you stepped over to the wrong side of history.
I strongly urge you to delete your account and go to a Hardee's
U must be ecstatic at equitys performance since Trump took over, even U would have to admit its quite incredible...
I think that would be a mistake Mitt.
Why? Honestly surprised to see this from you. I look to you as moral leader. Puzder isn't good for this position or for country.
nice endorsement. It would be even better if you would be non-partisan and vocally oppose those who you know are bad choices.
Did you hit your wife or abuse her- You are a sad person if you think this person is fit to be a leader of Labor Fake News
Of course gold-plated Romney wants another billionaire in government to fuck over the little guys
andy pudzer
because his experience with exploiting and cheating workers is the PERFECT portfolio for an @realDonaldTrump cabinet member.
because, ya know, corporations are people too....
he is better than Obama's labor sec was. At least he has some idea of what he's doing.
you haven't held public office in a decade. why should we listen to you?
Mr. Puzder has been a well spoken advocate for sensible labor policies.  He will be a breath of fresh air!!
as long as you can survive on a wage that puts you in the poverty category. Or are an illegal immigrant.
No job can pay more than it is worth!
that is incorrect. You think Hillary was worth 500/k per hour?
Doesn't matter what I think.  Businesses can spend their $$ the way they choose!
that is correct. But it doesn't make paying people a wage that is unlivable morally acceptable. It's bad for the country.
Higher pay should come from higher productivity.  A pay raise must be associated with an increase in output of the
No thank you.
think we aren't over the Flynn guy...
what's up Reek?
The answer is NO.
Cause you hate workers.
WE WANT PRENUP hahaha
You can't be serious. Secretary of Labor is supposed to PROTECT workers's rights. He has never stood up for American workers.
.@MittRomney What about all his company's labor law violations and discrimination lawsuits? People over party, Mitt!
You're insane. No wonder you support him, since you had illegals in your employ too, while railing against them politically.
lol cmon bro.
No!
you are an embarrassment
how about urging the nitwits to confirm the rest of our @POTUS cabinet!
What in the heck is wrong w/these career politicians? They don't give a crap about us hardworking Americans!
