VOTE NO ON REPEAL...fix the ACA, If you are incapable of that step-away from your post sir. Give your constituents the same plan we gave you
Do what's best for Tennessee vs what's best for McConnell and Putin.
We will vote this fraud out at re election time. ACA destroyed healthcare and he did nothing to help. What good are you?
You had years to come up with a plan. You have no plan. No repeal!
As a TN citizen, completely repeal Obamacare!
Your commitment is appreciated.  We expect you to stand by us now and in the coming weeks!
I congratulate you! you have just laid the groundwork to get back to the way the American people want our government to work - bipartisan!
You guys promised full repeal!!Liar!
Senator, we were promised full repeal and voted for it. Now we are told it can't be done. It can and you need to keep your promises.
https://www.local10.com/news/politics/poll-abandon-repeal-and-replace-seek-bipartisan-answer …
You old forge ! Time to retire !
We were promised full repeal of the ACA! NO insurance company bailouts!
#FullRepeal
#FreeMarketSolutions
#UnitedForFreedom
.@SenAlexander seems to have this backwards. Committee hearings are supposed to come before a vote.
When did Lamar Alexander become a Democrat? We will vote this fraud out at re election time. ACA destroyed healthcare, What good are you?
http://theresurgent.com/the-cruel-hopelessness-of-single-payer/ … #singlepayer #cruelhopelessness #waitingonhospitalbeds #fullrepeal #noreplacement #unitedforfreedom
Become conservative or leave; NO MORE RINOS! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom! #FreeMarketOnly!
I appreciate this statement, but if you vote party line on this, the horse will be out of the barn. This week is vital. Please stand up.
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket #defundpp #UnitedForFreedom
#KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #NoReplacement #UnitedForFreedom
We The People expect elected officials to listen to us! #RepealObamacareAsPromised! #NOTrumpcare! Listen! #UnitedForFreedom!
PLEASE work w Dems, Senator. Is not right thing for one party to do alone (like last time!)
We will vote this fraud out at re election time. ACA destroyed healthcare and he did nothing to help. What good are you?

Rural hospitals and nursing homes can't afford to play politics . Your loyalty is to TN not 45!!!
Health care is none of your business. Government attempts to control it are illegitimate and unconstitutional. #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
You left something out: "..and I will vote no for repeal without effective replacement".  Your statement seems somewhat incomplete...
You do NOT have my vote in 2018
Work to support the ACA not "let it fail." Why support the hurting of millions of citizens? Put people over party for once!
Thank you thank you thank you!  You  with D's have the means to fix O'care so that it works for all
I imagine we would not be having the healhcare debates today if McConnell had not blocked bipartisan work on ACA originally.
Isn't it a bit late for open meetings? But since you are at it why not bipartisan discussion of how to keep & repair Affordable Care Act?
Stand strong when you have lunch with the President. Speak truth to power
It is easy Lamar.  Talk to the D's and make ACA better.  
1st step: stop putting out BS press releases like this.  Do what is right for once
Saying you'll schedule hearing after a vote you had to know wouldn't happen is dishonest on its face.
Thanks for the update.  Saved me an email to your office. :)  Still think repeal and let each state make their own plan may be an option.
Vote coming. Then we will see where you really stand
So you going for repeal so you can watch Americans die? Americans that are depending on you.
TN didn't expand Medicaid and thousands are suffering right now because of your hate for the former President.  You sabotage ACA fix it!
Hold hearings? What a unique idea. Sad.
Repeal and replace. This is crazy.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  YOU ARE GOING TO SAVE OBAMACARE??!!  Can't even muster the courage to DO NOTHING to fulfill campaign promise?
BTW The insurance companies are enjoying record profits. Whay are they being allowed to back out?
Hearings are a good idea.  Let's get the facts instead of rushing through a bill before understanding the impact a bill will have on people.
I agree with a lot of these folks @SenAlexander.  Work with Dems. Speak to doctors, women, parents. Get us something that will work #gettoit
Yes please hold hearings!
So the best your leader can come up with is "Let it fail?" Grow a set, Lamar. Stand up to that lunatic and be a leader.
Since the Senate is not going to vote on the health care bill, will you not honor your "responsibility" ( which you have ignored thus far)?
Its abt time u step up 4 the ppl that have voted u in 4 these many yrs. We need insurance. We wouldnt be paying 4 ins if we didn't NEED it
The options will be there if the US government keeps its promise, supports Obamacare and the insurance marketplace as it is supposed to do.
Thank you for your efforts to stabilize the current health care marketplace!
We need a healthcare that's good enough for everyone even Congress to be apart of it or the people will vote you all out
Strange that those hearings didn’t precede the formulation or revision of BCRA. TN saved  from Secret 13 plan hope our luck continues.
Don't know why I bother responding... Your an embarrassment to State of Tennessee as you continue to rob from poor.
We listen, we trust.  Don't let us down.
The same, lame weasel words. Yea, 350K w/o insurance - thanks to no Medicaid exp. Your wondrous plan would have eliminated 637K from rolls.
Time to put country over party and personal gain.  Shake up the for-profit insurance companies and stabilize ACA!
Just going to leave this here.
Well done. I admire a man who puts the people ahead of party.
Fix the #ACA !  #Tennesseans demand it!  Remember, we put you there and we can take you out. Do what's best for America not Trump!
In order to move in any direction, we need to end employer health care tax deduction. Swap for high limit HSAs.
Where are YOU with the Treason, Lamar! Are you in or out? Your silence says in....I'm sure #Treason pays......
Hands still out, Lamar?  How much bribe money have you taken over the years. #crookedasasnake
Your main concern is lining your pockets, you and @SenateMajLdr. You are a liar, Senator.
Nonsense, Lamar. There is no Senate bill to vote on. It failed miserably. There is no upcoming vote. Get to work now and stabilize ACA.
Please stand up to tRUMP. Work w Dems for real healthcare reform
Poor lamar, your trumpcare bill which you turned into a tax cut for the rich bill in secret does you justice. Failure.
Time for a bipartisan healthcare fix.
Fix what we have. Consult w healthcare experts & pros, women & people of lower income levels. The all-white, all-GOP comm is exclusive.
Uh i noticed yur white. So yur exclusive too? Smh.
As your constituent, I hope you put a policy in place that will spur industry competition and less government regulation.
