How about Obama's nominees, sir? You're eerily quiet on that front. You participated.
Actually, you had a responsibility to consider the nomination of Merrick Garland. But you and cronies did 0. Payback perhaps?
Find a way to stop this.  Its getting to be stupid
#MerrickGarland
.@SenAlexander We aren't stupid.
really? What about Merrick Garland, I hate your hypocrisy & I hope you are voted out of office for putting party over country
You need better bullshit man. Did you attend Chump Propaganda classes?  Get a clue.
remind me, how many time did you vote against cloture for the nominees @POTUS44 sent to the Senate?
121 sound about right?
ummmm what about Merrick Garland you hypocrite?
#countyourdays #wecantwait #byefelicia
we don't want a judge that values corporations over people. Filibuster away dems!!!
you are under a false premise that we aren't paying attention. #nomorelies 45 is under investigation, where is YOUR focus?
Have you ever filibustered? You know that I can look it up, but I'd rather hear your answer… Since you keep posting this
you're kidding right? You the @GOP just did this to Obama. What a hypocrite.
#Garland
.@SenAlexander hypocrite. You should be ashamed of yourself, seriously.
to be clear, I don't really "like" this, but I agree that it is true. :)
?
Filibuster is what your do when your party doesn't have the majority that allows them to refuse to hear (#MerrickGarland)
Or just be such a coward that you don't even allow for a hearing and leave the court shorthanded for a year. #FalseEquivalence
Try learning some history! #NO Gorsuch
Let's roll the tape of the Garland hearings. Then we'll talk.
Are you kidding us or what? Where is the vote on Garland?
You sir have lost the plot and joined the alternative facts cult.
@realDonaldTrump is treasonous #NoConfirmation #ListenToYourConstituents HOW can you support this fake presidency?
..... Fortas nomination to be Chief Justice in 1968
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland #persist
#MerrickGarland
Hi -- remember Merrick Garland?  What a bunch of hypocrites y'all are.
so I guess probably just decline to ANYTHING AT ALL kind of like what happened with BO's nom.  Right?  RIGHT??
“Filibuster to death legislation, yes. Filibuster to death presidential nominations, no.” #Garland
Hypocrisy, they name is #MerrickGarland
how many judges have been denied confirmation hearings after a presidential nomination?
#MerrickGarland
MerrickGalandMerrickGarlandMerrickGarlandMerrickGarland
 you are pathetic.

and you wouldn't even meet merrick garland.  You should be ashamed.  I'm a constituent and I'm ashamed of you all.
wait...
you're a crook. http://realchange.org/alexandr.htm#deals …
Merrick Garland
you embaress me and the state of Tennessee, how you treated Mr. Obama and his nominee, remember?
Are you actually serious with this shit? Merrick Garland ring any bells? Hypocrite
WHAT---you cannot be serious. What about Garland?  What happened and why! So so discouraging and wrong.
Merrick Garland
Jesus, Lamar, if you love #gorsuch so much why don't you marry him?
Merrick Garland says what?
Merrick Garland.
GOP Senators helped break our government. We remember how you treated Pres. Obama & Merrick Garland. #NoGorsuch
you did.
Democrats Must #FilibusterGorsuch! America doesn't need a nomination from a @POTUS under #FBI investigation!
#TheResistance
are you serious? Thank God someone is looking out for our future since you have forgotten the American people and TN.
at least Gorsuch got a hearing #hypocrisy
What happened to that Merrick Garland guy? No fillibuster, technically. Didn't even get to that far, tho. Convenient amnesia?
Hypocrite
Merrick Garland....would agree with you as would Obama. But those were when the GOP were Patriots. No longer
lol. Love that your team is blatantly ignoring the hypocrisy.
FliaYOURpockets with KICKBACKS and look the other way. COUNTRY before PARTY ! YOU'RE A TRAITOR...
#Garland
Garland, anyone? And not the Christmas kind.
have you lost your goddamned mind?
hey hypocrite, two words- merrick garland
.@SenAlexander Where was this conviction when Garland was denied even a hearing?
You don't get to chose. Remember your defense of the filibuster in 2013?
Hypocrisy from you, a Trump enabler and a cheerleader for a party that has blocked, said no, obstructed at every turn. #Fail

one word #Garland
Had you stood up for presidential nominations when Merrick Garland was nominated, you MIGHT have credibility here. But no.
ummm does this ring a bell? Merrick Garland much?
#Garland
Merrick Garland
crazy old man
Thoroughly enjoying watching twitter call you on your BS, senator. #MerrickGarland 
I would ask you to not make such clear hypocritical remarks as my representative.
Reap what you sow!  M. Garland deserved better, as did the Senate as an institution.  Stop whining and start leading!
you Republicans seem to forget Merrick garland
Regurgitate partisan talking points, yes.
Actually be consistent in applying principles, no. #Garland
Lying Lamar and party over country
Stop.
all nominees, not approved (Bork) or barely approved (Thomas), received hearings, as per the courtesy you value so THIS year
you filibustered Garland
Don't insult me. I remember Merrick Garland. #WorseThanFilibuster
If you truly felt this way you would have respected obama’s nomination. Your hypocrisy is showing, not that you care…
with only three years left in his term we need to let the people decide the next SCOTUS justice.
GOPer hacks didn't even allow a hearing for Garland. Idiots, the lot of you.
hypocrite #MerrickGarland
Delete your account.
But you think it's okay to refuse to allow a hearing on Judge Garland. What's wrong with you???
... wouldn't be a problem if GOP members had voted on Pres. Obama's Supreme Court pick.....remember?
what about #MerrickGarland
I'm sure your party would have done the same thing...IF THEY WOULD HAVE EVEN TRIED TO VOTE ON MERRICK GARLAND!
do you believe in God or hell?
You're shittin' me, right? STOLEN SEAT!
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland
#Garland? Are you a hypocrite or just senile?
Funny. I looked back @ yr tweets regarding #garland and didn't find any of this outrage. Did I miss them? #gorsuch #hypocrite
Holy fsck, Senator. Your hypocrisy is sickening, you yambag.
you shouldn't only tell us. You should read what we say, "Merrick Garland"
U demean urself when U don't accept consequences of YOUR decision to throw out the SCOTUS rule book last year. Not your fool.
#merrickgarland
please tell the Dems to keep it up. From your TN constituents. Remember: you work for us.
.@SenAlexander are you serious? MERRICK. GARLAND. Where's the vote on him?? #Hypocrisy
The president whose nominee you gravely insulted was elected twice on landslides.  You nullified my vote.
2.)  Does not now feel that  we should trust GOP who are attempting to sweep this under the rug?
We can not trust Trump /Russia collusion while waiting for final findings. We can not trust Trump's appointments or orders.
Senator Mitch McConnell and Senator Chuck Grassley denied a hearing to Merrick Garland.
Our president is under investigation for treasonous behavior. NOT NOW. No Gorsuch.
Hypocrite.
filibuster when GOP doesn't have the sense to delay until we know if POTUS has committed treason. Investigate first!
#garland 
Once again, Lamar. You're pissing on our heads while telling us it's raining. Your hypocrisy knows no bounds #MerrickGarland
Oh really??! Let me introduce you to my friend, Merrick Garland. You are a hypocrite. Nice try, but we're not falling for it.
Still waiting for answers to my questions about your stance on the healthcare bill? Pre-Existing conditions & lifetime limits?
YOU WOULDN'T EVEN MEET WITH MERRICK GARLAND. THAT WAS OBAMA'S RIGHTFUL APPOINTEE. YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE.
#Garland
time for Washington to grow up, act like adults, do your jobs, serve constituents, work together. Be American, NOT political.
What? Lamar can't hear you above the din of all the corporate lobbyists he's busy fellating.
nice tweetstorm, Lamar.  It's missing two words though: Merrick Garland
#garland #hypocrisy
Republicans did it to LBJ's nominee. Republicans simply refused to hear Obama's nominee. Cut the bullshit.
merrick garland
#Garland
show me a worthy president to nominate a worthy nominee and we can talk. #resist #persist
Do you have a memory problem? What did *you* do with Garland?
#Garland
Garland?
