ACA has Already Crashed in Tennessee! Tennessee voted for President Trump! We back our President! Repeal and Replace NOW!!!
The estimate is that 43% of the people of TN will lose their healthcare. Not to mention how it will effect other programs. PLEASE VOTE NO!!
Are you kidding me? Obamacare already crashed in Tennessee costing thousands to lose health insurance, while Obama was still in office!
Please do what's right for Tennesseans..do not repeal!!
Just repeal Obamacare OR support the Cruz/Lee amendment that allows plans outside what our D.C. Overlords believe will "help" us
I hope that you will vote against this steal from the poor and give to the rich bi!!
.This bill will hurt all #TN vote #no, or hopefully you get voted out, you #drafted it with No #concern for your #constituents.#NoTrumpcare
Vote no on this horrific legislation or you will pay at the ballot box.  This legislation  does nothing for Tennesseans.
Then you know to vote no to this version. Please.
you helped draft it in secret so you already know how it will affect us. But you kept yourself protected. #hypocrite
Please vote NO. I am 63 with medical conditions.  I will not be able to afford care. I beg you do right for the people
The new health bill includes an exemption allowing you & your fellow Sens to get essential benefits & pre-ex protections. Why not us, too?
I'm pretty sure there is nothing in the constitution allowing you to take my money to pay for another's healthcare. It's not in there.
Why don't you read this chart Lamar and see what America and Tenn really want? 
Can you say 'no'? I no you can say no to a town hall meeting
The newest BCRA is no better than previous. This is not what I elected you to do. Fix ACA!
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Vote NO on trumpcare...and work WITH DEMS on a fix for the ACA
The insurance industry is against it, Doctors are against it, AARP is against it. It will hurt Tennessee citizens. Please vote no.
ACA already crashed in Tennessee under Obama's administration! Thousands already lost insurance! Where have you been???
#VoteNo #NeverRepeal
You KNOW how it affects all Americans. Don't bother to run for re-election. Tn folks have now seen your priorities & they DO NOT match ours
I was very dissatisfied with the yr name on the rhino list I expect u to stand with  POTUS he has enough Dems against him VOTERS want him
As a TN resident, I'm asking you to vote no on the amended health care proposal.  Better, but still not good for TN.
Please tell us you'll stand up against this bill - as a cancer survivor, I fear losing all I've worked for!

Remember the people you represent. You have our lives LITERALLY in your hands. Vote no on this poor excuse for healthcare.

No public hearings.
No debate. 
No bipartisanship.…
This bill will not reduce my families cost for insurance, our cost share for care will only go up. Skinny plans are not the answer.
It is terrible for Tenneseans and you know it. Vote no, along side doctors and the public
Secret bill. Not good for Tennessee or the country. This bill will literally kill your constituents. Please vote "No".
Why start now?
Repeal !!!!
Please repeal Obamacare.
This bill will not help this Tennessean at all. $ 1144 per month for insurance, $ 6400 out of pocket in 2017 = $ 20128 or 33% of take home
Maybe you would hear some good ideas if you had some town hall meetings.  #maddow
Repeal the ACA. Do not vote for this garbage bill which replaces a garbage law.

JUST IN: The nation's actuaries have spoken: the Cruz amendment is totally unworkable, will destabilize the markets.
http://www.actuary.org/files/publications/RiskPoolingFAQ071417.pdf … 

The Senate Health Care Bill Is So Bad Republicans Want an Exemption for Congress http://joy105.com/index.php/2017/07/14/the-senate-health-care-bill-is-so-bad-republicans-want-an-exemption-for-congress/ … #MitchMcConnell #TrumpCare

1. Patient advocates + clinical groups are again condemning the Senate healthcare bill.

The American Hospital Association: "Unacceptable." 
Easy for Congressmen to make decisions on health care... considering their health coverage is 90% subsidize by the taxpayers.
Trumpcare 3.0 bad idea
PLEASE, vote NO!
http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/americas-heroin-epidemic/senate-health-care-bill-no-fix-opioid-epidemic-experts-say-n782721?cid=sm_npd_nn_tw_ma …
Corker needs to go in 2018 and Alexander in 2020. Tennessee needs senators who represent them not special interest groups.
.@SenAlexander if #trumpcare is so good why exempt yourself?
Are you going to insure that those of us with preexisting will be able to get good coverage at an affordable price?
Have you read the  new revisions sir? I have, and I have some serious questions for you. When would be a good time to discuss with you?
You should stay focused on voting NO.
Vote no. That bill is trash and everybody knows it. How can so many "leaders" be this spineless?
PLEASE vote no it doesn't help us
Senator Alexander, what are you doing to protect our ability to purchase affordable health care, now and in the future?
Vote NO on the healthcare bill.  Not a choice.
Way to stay on topic. Skip your ADD meds tonight?
It affects us poorly. That's been obvious for months.
Wish we could trust you on this
Vote NO..... this is wrong on so many levels Sir.
We know you will, @SenAlexander --at least we know you SAY you will. Talk is cheap, but we think your vote comes with a high price tag.
It would have a devastating affect on Tennesseans
38122 says NO!
if that is true, then it is quite easy. The people say no. we do not murder our own to satisfy greed and power.
Why did you all vote to exclude your own health-care plans from its provisions? If the bill is good enough for us, why is it not for you?
no medicaid = murder
Meet @TNIndivisible TOMORRW w/@SenAlexander staff to voice opposition to a bill that cuts the lifeline for 100000s of Tennesseans.
We need real options, not tax cut for the wealthy disguised as "health care reform." This preserves cuts to pre-existing conditions & more.
@SenBobCorker Please vote no. This bill is *still* heartless. Also, what about job loss for TN's healthcare? Rural care? #healthcarebill
Good.  Because it still hurts us.
well said cuz
Is #Trumpcare good enough for you? Then prove it.
I hope so!

surprised to see him coming out of the wood work. He has been hiding....yes, you, Alexander.
http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/13/health-insurance-lobbying-group-blasts-provision-in-gop-health-bill.html …

Vote NO!
The young woman that I just spoke to in your office both agree there's no way you can understand Women's healthcare. You have a PP not a VJJ
You need to focus on fixing it!  You also need to focus on what you're willing to stand behind. Collusion?  Treason?
Vote NO on #Trumpcare / #BCRA. Universal care and nothing less.
You KNOW how it will affect us! Nothing secret about that, unlike your bill. Remember, we may be sick and suffering, but we still vote!
very badly on Tennesseans and all US citizens except the ultra rich. why block replies from sites?
The bill will harm many in TN & will raise costs by driving more instability into the market, including private corporate plans.We all lose.
Senator, please vote for the people not the party. 

I know who you are loyal to, though, and it is not TN.
The Cruz amendment will make the price of comprehensive plans go up. Plans for the healthy will be cheaper yes, but the sick get screwed.
F@$# them over. Got it.
Harmful
and vote Yes on it, no matter what
We Tennesseans don't trust you anymore because the whole process was in secret AND w/o any input from women.
Traitor
And the stigma about Medicaid recipients being "poor and lazy" is wrong and shameful. There are many different programs
covered by Medicaid funds, including programs for the disabled. I'd like to see you advocate for them, not hide
behind a locked door taking their lifeline away. You really need to meet your constituents in some town halls.
We deserve better and you should be ashamed of yourself.
Whatever the plan has you will vote with the GOP and knock down any Dem amendments (providing debate is even allowed. You have been bought!
Like this
Senator Alexander doesnt care about TN families and children. If he did he would never consider this garbage "healthcare" bill. Shameful.
HA! He'll stay focused on that $$$ he gets for writing this garbage.
Afraid I agree that reps are out for themselves and not normal folks making less than 100 grand
Shameful. Stop pretending that you weren't part of the group that crafted it in secret. You're an absolute disgrace. We deserve better.
The #ACA helped reduce premiums by forcing ins companies to pay 80% min of your premiums in claims -
anything above that is paid back to the group. Why would #GOP want that repealed?
Alot of folks didnt take Trump base serious n Nov.i hope Congress doesnt commit same dumb mistake.
Vote no for Tennessee
All you care about is that blood money coming TN's way for not being a Medicaid expansion state
Recent Trumpcare bill still cuts Medicaid and Cruz amendment increases costs for all but healthy. Disasterous bill for TN. Vote no!
I hope you do. People are already struggling to pay for all the things they need.
#VoteNoBCRA
Which demographic of Tennesseeans Senator?You do represent ALL of us correct?Those tht got pinned wth mandate who exercised their liberty 2!
That bill is horrible for Tennesseans with pre-existing conditions like myself, family, and friends.  Please vote no!!
Human beings!
Since when, LAMAR? Since When? You've always gotten your palm greased to shaft Tennesseans! Is this an invite for them to send you more $$?
We need our pre-existing conditions protected. Otherwise we are tied to our jobs, help back from higher paying ones
because we will lose pre-ex coverage if we change employers.
Sure
Then WHY did you refuse to say who you met with to write the #AHCA? It wasn't with your constituents.
You could have been "focused on how it affects Tennessee" since it's been in the Senate, but you've wasted precious time
Well seeing as that TN denied me healthcare that I had elsewhere in suuurrreeee you'll do all you can to screw me over more. Thanks.
I'm *
