Obamacare repeal would have at least removed the huge penalties the mandate puts on those of us who are self employed, but you voted no.
They don't tell you that you can easily get an exemption to the penalty. People want to repeal over a moot point.  https://marketplace.cms.gov/outreach-and-education/exemptions-from-fee-for-not-having-coverage.pdf …
None of which apply to most self employed middle class people like me.
What % of your income do you feel would be fair to pay for premiums? Agree, 8.13% can be a little steep for some. Maybe work to adjust that?
The sum total of my medical expenses in 17 years of adulthood wouldn't even equal that deductible.
I'm still listening. My medical costs (thankfully partially covered) have exceeded $1M.  I would love to help work a fix that works for all.
If you don't pay for all  your own coverage, you can't appreciate how much Obamacare made insurance cost and coverage worse for us.
I know it hit some hard. That part definitely needs to be fixed. If everyone had worked at it, we might have had a very good system by now.
Federal Government should not be in charge of healthcare.
Capitalism doesn't work in healthcare. That's why every other industrialized nation has universal http://healthcare.You  can't shop around.
Are you kidding me? Look at what just happened to Charlie Gard in G.B. This is a perfect example of govt controlled healthcare. Death Panels
I disagree with the court's decision in the Gard case. But how can the answer be to let insurance companies decide who lives and who dies?
Not about letting them decide but forcing them to compete. They have no incentive. I do not trust Alexander. Govt healthcare is a disaster.
So please reach across the aisle to take the necessary steps to fix the ACA. The people have spoken and we don't want repeal and replace.
The ppl have spoken and we want repeal and replace that is why we voted for a patriot in DJT
So fix the ACA! The repeal would have had so many losing insurance and so many more paying 20% higher premiums per year!
https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … …
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
You are a traitor and we will not forget
For those on here who think nationalized HC is still a good idea n quotes ref to industrialized nations y dont u look under the hood?
We need clean food and water! Wellness care! True CARE! Not a population of pharma addicts!
An awful situation. Half measures, however, will cause the R's to own BHO's ACA failure.
Those nations ration HC.Incredible waiting lists.Death panels that determine when u die and not parents(charlie gard).Criminally hi taxes.
Then repeal it! I feel extremely betrayed and you have lost my vote in the next election.  #Liar.
It's collapsing because you won't make your boss do what the government committed to doing and you're letting him sabotage it #standuptohim
Never getting my vote again!
Do your job & keep America safe. America is not safe when Trump tweets policy changes & negative remarks to other countries as he did today.
Nobody's interested in your statement. We want Obama care gone
A Men
TY for being a Republican that tried for us! I hope u come up w a wonderful plan! Glad u r not a RINO like some!
The vote failed because YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOU'RE DOING. MY VOTE FOR YOU WAS A WASTE OF TIME. FIX THE ACA OR GET THE HELL OUT.
So at what point did you just say the hell with what the people of Tn. want?
when he took the money reason 4 vote  https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … … 
it's all about the MONEY & keeping donors happy   RT
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
You are a disgrace to Tennessee. As one of your constituents I am ashamed of you. #theresistance #stoptrump #IStandWithPP
Thanks for doing nothing Senator, very impressive...
You failed to repeal ACA. Please don't insult us by justifying your failure.
Our state refused the Medicaid expansion because of YOUR party. Rs have been trying to sink the ACA since Day 1. Time to stop, and fix it.
So instead of fixing the problems that do exist, your solution is to repeal Obamacare and make an even bigger mess. Genius pure genius.
It can't be fixed
Yeah, says you, breitbart and fox. All bastions of credibility and trustworthiness..
Stop talking out of both sides of your mouth and get clean repeal done or you won't have a job. Support our POTUS
Time to forget politics and fix Obamacare. The president says he will let it implode.  Can republicans find the heart of America's need?
You failed 250k Tennesseans, some of whom would have died because of you. We will remember. Chattanooga will remember.Don't expect our votes
No pledge to try and fix ACA markets with Dems. Party over people http://again.How 's that working for you? #FailingSenator
I'm glad you failed. Now work to fix the ACA, not destroy it in the middle of the night.
Why fix something that never worked to begin with?
Feed with nothing but far-right retweets? Either you're fake or an idiot. Either way, no real use explaining.
Please govern with empathy and courage.
It is Obamacare
didnt you vote against clean repeal?
you have sold your soul to the party and not for the citizens of tennessee.
Your right it needs to be clean repeal
I'm so glad it failed and you did nothing to help TN at all and you should be ashamed of yourself , you sir are inhumane.
What you should have been focusing on for the past seven years--fixing the problems with ACA. Hatred and partisanship is a barrier.

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
You Promised a #FullRepeal of #ObamaCare
You LIED
So what are you going to suggest next? Hint: stop defunding the existing law.
You betrayed the Tennessee & American ppl. We voted for you to REPEAL an insurance no one would buy on free market. @DNC in
@GOP clothing.
I'll bet some of your constituents can come up with a better plan than y'all did.
Shame on you for voting to take health care away from your constituents! We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable!
#StillWaitingOnTheHaslamPlan
will you be introducing legislation to back up your statement?  If so please do it sooner than later.
251,000 in TN @ risk of losing insurance. I live, cold call, vote in TN. You had your vote and voice. We won't forget in voting booth.
Time to get to work and make sure the insurance is there for Tennesseans. You've had over 7 years to fix The ACA, now do you're job.
For 7 years, GOP attacked Obamacare.  You had no plan.  You failed.  Now get to work to do something positive for Tennessee.  God bless.
https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … …
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
$228,000 from the "health care" biz, right?
Now please work in the open, with the Democrats, to fix the ACA. No more petty politics playing games with the lives of your constituents.
Like the democrats did when they created this disaster?!
161 Republican submitted amendments made it into the ACA.
Very limited Minor amendments so they could say republicans were involved you do know we had to pass it to see what was in it ?
Just repeal!!  We had good ins before the unaffordable care act.  Gov destroys everything they touch.
Preach on sister
Time to re-visit Medicaid expansion and lowering Medicare eligibility age. Move slowly to #Medicareforall
Hell no
I no longer support you in any way.

Get rid of it.  Let the free markets take back over.
Lamar, thanks for not pointing out that Tennesseans have no options because our State government refused to expand Medicaid. USA! USA!
You're a coward.
Skinny was the wrong bill.  We need regular order and mutual respect to fix ACA.  Please get on board!
Senator, please take this time to fix the ACA in a bipartisan way. Everyone needs coverage.
Tennesseans will never forget this. #protectourcare
Service over self. Until you focus on serving and not harming TN, everything you touch will fail. God heard our cry. #skinnyrepeal
https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … …
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
@SenAlexander I guess we know why you betrayed TN & US. You sold out to insurance/pharmacy companies.
This is your chance for penitence.
You had opportunity to REPEAL #ObamaCare ; you didn't. We do have replace,it's called FREE MARKET,tort reform allows INS ACROSS STATE LINES.
Senator, unfortunately the Republican Party is in decline, led by a Carnival Barker, and, as a group, hideously inept. All is well in Swamp.
You have the unique opportunity to craft a critical piece of legislation from the ground up.  Draw on the best minds of today to perfect it.

Why didn't your side fix it instead of discouraging people from taking it to spread the risk? Lamar be honest!
liar, liar pants on fire.
Grow some cajones and just fix the damn thing already.
Crap for the United States. Crap for Tennessee. If it is so great, then why are you and every other Senator exempt from it?
I must vehemently disagree with you Mr. Alexander. If McCain cannot in good conscience vote for it, then that should tell you it is crap....
@BobCorker how about a bipartisan effort to actually improve health care you hacks?
Congress should immediately pass, w/ veto-proof majority, a bill locking in $ for cost sharing reductions to stabilize mkts & protect people
We took note of what you failed to do.  You have failed at listening to your constituents and we will rectify our mistake in the next cycle.
Best way to fix is to require Congress & Senate and staffers be required and not exempt.
We so needed your help!
Should have kept the rule and payed up to the health care providers instead of allow Rubio to shafts them.
Listen here RINO fraud, you better get rid of the individual and employer mandates because I'm not paying the penalty. FUCK the IRS!
The fed needs to get out of healthcare! Stop propping up insurance cos & they'll b forced to offer competitive/affordable plans!!!
Where is the real leadership needed? Aren't you all the ones with all the education & experience & Bandaid revision is not what is needed.
If real original leadership solutions are not found, The ineptness in this issue alone is going to lame the Republican Party a long time
Try universal health care... duh 
I'm sorry, but I don't believe you Senator. I would need to see numbers. I'm not taking you at your word
Work with the Democrats to repair and shore up the markets. That is what will help these songwriters, farmers, self-employed, etc.
#SellOut this is why you voted for a 'Fraudulent Disaster'.  https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … … Time to retire when u can't honorably do ur job. RT
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
Perhaps ur time would have been better spent on a replacement bill, you've only had 7 years. Here's a tip: try transparency & women's input
Oh god senator... you're completely tone deaf. I honestly feel bad for you. You are incompetent and insignificant...
Liar!
You are an embarrassment to our state.
FULL repeal of the ACA now!! Replace it with the free market, not with more useless government intervention!!!
You voted for the next step to destroy health insurance for millions.  We will remember you vote come next election.
I hope your committee will take the lead on a comprehensive look at the cost of health care and sound approaches to a real solution.
And it won't have a bunch of government noisy A***s involved.
You just vote no and we never hear of your healthcare plan as an alternative.
So, what's your plan Senator? Do you have a plan in mind? What solution? Y'all want to obstruct but you don't present any solution either.
you can redo a FASFA form cause your motivated..are you motivated to get re-election...I hope so
Do. Your. Job.

Citizens before party.

Stop the petulant partisan bickering and propose an actual solution, e.g., Swiss/Bismarck model.
Senator, thanks for recognizing the problem. TN Health Care Campaign offers Town Hall for constituent ideas. Name the place. We'll get hall.
be sure to discuss this reason 4 vote  https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … … 
it's all about the MONEY & keeping donors happy   RT
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
Time for Single Payer, Lamar.
The GOP sat for 8 years doing squat, trying to convince the world President Obama was not good, in fact he is a great man, Trump is a turd!
You are an embarrassment to the people of Tennessee. #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll Fix #ACA now!
There's time for you to make it up to all of us you were willing to throw under the bus: Bipartisan regular order & 60 votes.  Yes, you can.
Yes. Which is why the political games must end and real leadership and problem-solving must begin. Repair, not "repeal and replace."
You're a liar an have no honor!  Go join the treasonous democrats where you belong!
Shame on your vote to take health care away from those in TN who rely on ACA. I will remember this at next election.
It appears to me that the Senate is in desperate need of a new leader. Repealed "Root and Branch" has stuck in my mind and many others.
Maybe you forgot about this? The shitty bill you helped craft would've had an adverse impact on TN hospitals.
Shame on you for voting to take health care away from your constituents! We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable!
I saw your vote. I will be at the TN ballot box looking for a person of integrity 1st chance I get. And I'm not alone. We're not all fools.
Bipartisan plan is the only way to solve health care for all Americans. Hearings are a good start.
Please vote Alexander out!!
Please vote this swamp rat out! He voted against repeal. Please vote him out!!
The only ones to let them down is the @GOP caucus. I hope Trump now lets it crash and burn with everyone on board and the GOP gets blamed.
Stop playing games with us...  we are not stupid.
Thank you for your hard work and advocacy
#singlepayerNEVER
The people need to primary your ass! You have not been a friend to Tennesseans in many years. Bet you take bribes from big Ins. Companies
.@SenAlexander Yes so put  pressure on the 3 senators who need to #FullRepeal Under Obamacare/Gov't the COSTS have SKYROCKETED Good Grief!!!
Oh,I get it! I'm ready for elected office. My healthcare is paid for & I'm exempt from the laws I place on others so this Obamacare is ok!
WORK WITH DEMS! If you want US citizens behind u, at least act like you care about us. We don't trust you to repeal first and replace later
#BenedictAlexander
I have known you my entire life. I grew up with your children in church and soccer. I believe you have zero integrity left. Save the ACA.
reason 4 vote  https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … … 
it's all about the MONEY & keeping donors happy
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
The very best examples of govt healthcare: Failing VA & Failing Obamacare. You are a waste of a Senate seat. Stay out of my healthcare.
Don't you think ACA created this situation?
http://www.fbhealthplans.com 
You fail as a human when you vote the way you voted. (See McCain)
Time 4 single payer health care. Pls be a leader in achieving this.
7 years and still blaming the Black guy.. shame on you. Should have worked all together on a real plan, and would not be complaining now.
Seniors, children, women, those with diabetes/other afflictions, 24 million + need you and @SenBobCorker to #FixACA Work in a bipartisan way
Please pass term limits and put all gov employees, elected, appointed and hired under the same benefits, healthcare, etc all citizens have
Please work across the aisle to fix ACA for all Americans. Repealing it in order to lower taxes on the super-rich is dishonest and immoral.
Repeal O'Care and let market forces make health care affordable. No replace. Design a social safety net for the destitute. Get govt out ofit
You betrayed the American people
Yada yada yada
You are a traitor to the residents of TN.  You just lost the support of millions of Tennesseans.
You and the Republican Party are a joke to me now. Time for changes. Trump is doing his job. You do nothing for the people of TN
Time to repeal and replace lying Lamar. You have broken our trust for the last time!TN wants you to get behind President Trump. #stopLamar
Party over country that's what vote means
Whats ur legacy going to b? R u going to craft/push laws designed so WORKING masses (age 45-65) suffer/die, or fix the probs? Your move sir.
All I can say to @senAlexander is: you are a big loser. Now earn your pay and fix something.
Then work on viable options, work together. Quit the partisan efforts to squelch rather than work. Please. It's your duty to do so.
What you believe is not necessarily a fair representation of what your constituents believe. It's not about you, Mr. Senator - it's about us
https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … … all about the money
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
you missed the boat; could have been one of the good guys
Look for new employment you will not be reelection, oh...you don't need to because you're apart of the corrupt/greedy/Nazis/Dems group! 
You had the opportunity to repeal ObamCare.
Now what? Knoxville and surrounding counties will have NO insurance next year and my non-Marketplace premium for hi deductible continues up.
Repeal and turn this back over to insurance companies. I have a plan that's simple and will work. Have your office contact me!
A bill written over lunch, refused to let Senators ask questions during 2hr debate, and it raised costs, hurt millions. Shame!
You are failing  I am a constituent demand Obamacare repeal We want freedom to choose U don't know what's best for everyone Stop ARROGANCE
You are not working for the people are you? #timetogo
FULL REPEAL Lamar!
"Zero options" only if the Republicans fail to act sensibly and repair current health care system. Fix it, don't kill it.
Why did you vote NO on repeal. You can't be trusted
You let McCain take the hit. You & Corker betrayed the People of Tennessee.
We will vote you out.
Hey @SenAlexander Here's what #TrueAmericanHeroes #AmericanPatriots Look like @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain #LivesWereSaved
Your yes vote last night was disgraceful and in defiance of what Tennessee citizens wanted.  Time for you to be repealed and replaced!
So you threw 637,000 Tennesseans under the bus instead. Shameful!! If you want to help, make ACA BETTER. Quit the repeal BS.
For money  https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … … all about the money
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
I am also disappointed in the senate with republican control ever getting anything positive done.
Could've just done the flat repeal like the GOP campaigned on.
whatever it takes  u need to go!  #draintheswamp and u r the swamp!
Your such a liar its time for you to go! #Rino
You and you 51 other R's had 7 years and you developed NOTHING! Get to work and stop freeloading or resign.
Then perhaps you need to work with Democrats to improve the structure that is already in place instead of voting party line on garbage.
YOU ARE OUTTA THERE
The best step is to FIX not REMOVE health care policy. Work with D’s to stabilize ACA. Fix the wholes GOP caused in Obamacare.
https://twitter.com/TheRickyDavila/status/878270776016850948 … … all about the money
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
You're nothing but another career politician. I regret ever voting for you. You're no better than a dadgum democrat.
You sad, evil man. You didn't get away with robbing thousands of their healthcare, and now you're having a tantrum. #meanoldmanlamar
Hope you got a nice payout for keeping god awful ObamaCare around. I cannot affor healthcare because if it now. #VoteAlexanderOut
You and Corker have served your last terms in office unless Obamacare gets a clean repeal!
Trump didn't fail...the GOP did. They are pathetic. A tax deal? Yeah, right.
Then fix it. Or provide the American people with access to the medical care you and the rest of Congress enjoy.
exactly
Your entire legacy is based solely on this lie. You campaigned on repeal. You never brought up replace until it was good cover for your lie.
