Someone who is confused about IDEA and ADA is unqualified. Protect SC families or lose my vote!
how DARE you turn your back on children of SC to support this woman.
isn't person to bring change to education. Please vote down her confirmation! Not qualified as school principal
Please don't confirm @BetsyDeVos. Her only edu experience is in school choice, which she rolled out poorly in MI
I have not seen a single tweet from a constituent supporting DeVos. Look inside, who do you represent?
Please do not confirm @BetsyDeVos she is not qualified for such a crucial position.
Wholly unqualified for Secy of Education. No educational experience or degree. SC schools deserve better. NO!
devos doesn't believe children with spec needs deserve appropriate education.
clear your mailbox Senator, so we can tell you DeVos is unqualified to serve
His VM is still full? Same last week when I tried to call. Disappointing
Vote no on Betsy DeVos.  I'm a SC voter, SC parent, SC tax payer.
Is #DeVos 50K donation worth your seat?  We will remember you voted yes at next election
please do not confirm Betsy DeVos she is incredibly under-qualified for this position
why should public $ go to religious schools. Seems unconstitutional to me.
aren't some religious schools/institutions tax exempt? Then why would they get voucher $?
$49,200 from Betsy DeVos to Tim Scott campaign. Recuse yourself, sir! Your vote should not be for sale!
.@SenatorTimScott Thank you for your principled stand to vote for .@BetsyDeVos
US schools already behind, & u confirm a woman who can't even prepare for an interview. #noDevos
Clear your mailbox so your constituents can call you! I know so many who have tried to reach you for days & days! Hear us!
Programs DeVos advocates didn't work in Mi ex for the for-profit cos. She has no real ideas. NO!
If you want ALL students to succeed then please improve ALL the neighborhood schools.  Vote NOT to confirm DeVos.
As longtime Rep. voter of SC I support you, but DO NOT support confirmation of unqualified Betsy Devos. Need better choice!
might be a friend who's fam. donated more than $22k to your campaign, but please put your constituents first.
gag
please #StopDeVos! don't vote for her. She is clearly an unqualified candidate as education secretary
your constituents are speaking to you- IT IS YOUR JOB TO LISTEN TO THEM!!!!
How much did she oay you? You will not be re-elected!
I'm a dem. Voted for you. Rethinking my vote next time. DeVos is not qualified for the job.
t
This woman is not qualified.  I'm surprised at your being bought.
You are not representing SC, you are NOT
I'm an SC voter, not a teacher & no kids still in school but I care. NO TO DeVOS. Unqualified!!!!
I know this is important to you but @BetsyDeVos is not the right choice as a teacher I ask that you change your vote to No
Im a SC voter-I do not want unqualified DeVo$-She didnt do her homework. We have bears in SC-so we need guns in schools?
. I'm an SC voter. Represent me & vote no to unqualified DeVos. Or did she buy in w campaign $$?
as a recipient of DeVos campaign funds, should you recuse yourself from voting in her nomination? Ethically repugnant!
Senator Scott:  Please represent SC's best interest.  Do not confirm DeVos.
school choice does not mean you are against public schools. Individuals need different things.
I have great respect for you.I have serious concerns about your support for DeVos.She is completely unqualified. Vote No.
please do NOT confirm DeVos. I bet you, for my kids.
Do not confirm the incompetent @BetsyDeVos! We can do better. We deserve better. Our children deserve better!
You're cheap
say NO to Betsy Devos.
Conservative educator here.I'm concerned about IDEA & accountability.Believe change needed but all kids must be protected.
She is woefully unqualified & shouldn't even be in charge of a preschool.
DeVos is completely unqualified.  Vote NO.
You are a complete disappointment and disgrace. Politics can be overlooked but lack of qualifications cannot!
No. Listen to your constituents. We don't want Betsy DeVos!
You will address the lingering issue along I-95, correct?
Can you ensure each student and teacher will be respected as humans? We aren't data points.
Can you be sure students will not be over-tested?
Can you ensure all students will be well fed and clothed?
Can you ensure transportation will be set for all students?
Can you ensure that each school in this country will be equitably funded?
School choice is divisive. We need more inclusion. DeVos is a billionaire with zero experience in public education!
shame on you turning your back on children
I guess the special needs community means nothing to you, IDEA exists for a reason
80% of children with specials needs are pushed out of Charter schools before 3rd grade
school choice will kill public schools.It's empty promises serving yourselves
this is the worst idea. Please think of the poor and not the rich.
Pls reconsider your support for Ms. DeVos. Not about politics, it's about a nominee w/ conflicts of interest and no relevant knowledge.
thank you, Senator Scott.
everybody now knows what a scandalous joke Devos is. See constituent feedback.  SHAME
Choice is fine but quality schools are a MUST! Get it together, Senators! http://tinyurl.com/jdpv2wt 
THANK YOU, Senator Scott! As a teacher, I thank you!!
demand a better candidate. We see. We remember. We vote. #DumpDevos
Don't forget about us Home Schoolers please. We tend to draw the short stick politically. Thanks!
I am pro choice -- educational choice, that is! Free children from the chains of underachievement
if you would clear your mailbox so citizens could call you, you'd know how we feel about this
this is not what your constituents want.
I would disagree but let's put it to a vote oh wait we did
Looking forward to big things w a #gopmajority. #schoolchoice
take a look at Michigan schools with DeVos influence Total disaster. Big things is right
Wonderful
