How much will your pockets be lined as a result of this bill, Senator? Shame on you! Your net worth is huge...
How many lives will end do to your greed?! How many old, sick, and young will suffer for your payday? Disgusting!
The small handful of wealthy voters that will be helped by your shit bill won't be enough. You know that, though. Let the guy that comes
after you clean it all up. I have no doubt that he/she will. TN will turn blue again...and not just from those that die under #Trumpcare.
We want a town hall meeting n Nashville. We want u 2 look us in the eye & tell us abt ur HC policy. Are you willing 2 meet with us? OR NOT?
Of course this committee wants personal tax cuts. Bill now offers tax cuts to insurers & drug companies - paid for by Americans - rust belt
Insurers dropped from ACA referred to by GOP: Death spiral. They caused it. They knew it. Committee has a total net worth of $85.4 mill
They're no females on comm-yet preexisting cond for women far outweigh men. Planned P offers b. Control: half of pts rely on Medicaid.
@SenAlexander looks like you can't even get other s to support a plan made by 13 white men for a diverse  #ACHA #HealthcareNotWealthcare
We want a townhall mtg! Repub better stop DJT from repealing ins w/out replacement! That replacement should cover preexisting &b affordable
You guys need 2 get it the HELL together & provide us a decent HC PLAN that's affordable & covers preexisting. Repeal & replace later is BS
Only people who want ACA repeal/replace are politicians.  Constituents want keep/repair.  How do you not understand this?
You are dissembling and lying about the protection for pre-existing conditions!! The states will have the ability to opt out!
Increasing Medicaid funding at the rate of the CONSUMER PRICE INDEX is not the same thing as increasing it at the rate of medical cost rises
Net Worth: $13.2 million-Median income in Tenn: $42,275. GOP threatened tax cuts for insurers & drug cos. Result: insurers dropped off ACA
Rape?  That preexisting condition?  It comes along with PTSD, just like soldiers, just like parents who've lost children, et. al
Do you believe that no Tennesseans can read?  Come home and say this to our faces.
No b. Control - men on viagara - what happens to women on receiving end of a man on viagara? Develop vasectomy clinics - men..line up now
You used to be an upstanding, moral, moderate Republican. I voted for you. 
I regret it. Now you're Trump's Twit.
Only give the States Money and oversee regulations.   Return health care freedoms,   Repeal Obamacare
You said that pre existing conditions would not be touched.Your staff told me you are allowing states to remove mental health from benefits.
This guy can lie like this because his base doesn't hold him accountable.  Some of the worst, dumbest people in the country live in TN.
The words tax cut should never appear in a healthcare bill.  You are wealthy. Pay for your share of TAXES - WE DO- NATL debt may reduce!
Wake up. Remember those who put you in office. GOP lied about DEMS not wanting to help. THEY BEGGED-GOP REFUSED. DEMS are ready & waiting
Don't want b control-don't want abortions. Rape is considered a preexisting cond. Would that apply to your wife? Viagara for men.
You are our voice in DC. I pray everything you stated it's true but I don't trust speaker Ryan or Mitch McConnell.
If you vote YES for this healthcare bill; I'll vote vote NO for Lamar Alexander on Election Day (& will make sure everyone I know does too).
I live in TENNESSEE AND WILL WORK TO GET YOU VOTED OUT PEOPLE WILL DIE FROM TRUMPCARE AND YOU DON'T CARE
You're being dishonest, Senator. You are flat out lying at times. Disgusting.
Senator: the CBO says 22 MILLION will lose inx, including 2 of my own relatives.  AMA says it's so horrid it violate Hippocratic Oath. WTH?
Many TN children and elderly will be hurt by this terrible bill. Shame on @GOP for drafting something this bad. You must vote No.
I have a disability and I'm scared for my life. If I'm still alive when election time rolls around, you're outta here.
You've been Kochd
TN doesn't give subsidies under the ACA because your heartless party voted to lock them out. You are spouting alternative facts.
Imagine if you had voted to expand Medicare in TN!!
This is too important to rush and get it wrong.  Take your time please and get it right.  Universal health care is really the answer.
You're lying. MOST people do NOT want to repeal and replace.  You represent the people. Remember?  #VoteNoBCRA #CountryOverParty
Do you trust your senators?  You shouldn't.
You should be ashamed if you vote for this bill... horrible representative ... voting against you!
This bill will destroy families, especially mine. I have aging parents and I am middle class. This healthcare bill is heartless. #ACHA kills
You must vote NO on the abominable Trumpcare bill. This will hurt millions of Americans & will likely kill many, especially the elderly.
You are a liar. The changes proposed will cost people their lives. Listen to your constituents.  #ListenOrLeave
Look at response to this tweet vs likes. Small, but definite trend. Represent Tennesseans, not @realDonaldTrump. Vote no on #Trumpcare.
Try and be objective about this- the proposed healthcare bill is not truly going to help the people you represent. Try again.
The Senator has always been for his rich donors, than for the poor and middle class of Tennessee. He's a perfect player in this shitburger.
My husband is disabled & pre existing conditions. Enjoy your$ from this, I'll be sure to send updates to you on his suffering. Like you care
Thanks for screwing our state.
Trump Care is a disaster for the people in Alexanders Home state for the next 10 years @JohnKasich @CREWcrew @SenWarren
64% of nursing home patients rely on Medicare.
Trumpcare decimates this coverage.
Will you kiss(off) American mothers with your filthy bill?
Vote no. Too many people need assistance.
Lamar, this bill is a disgrace....to you and to our great state. We can do better.
PLEASE, for the love of God, vote "no" on this bill. Nothing about it is caring. Fix the current plan, DON'T repeal it!
I do not believe your acct of this bill my special needs kids r at great risk of losing covrage 2 rich 4 m-aid 2 poor 2 buy ins no job bens
637,000 Tennesseans will lose health coverage under TrumpCare, ALMOST ALL of Davidson County! VOTE NO 4 your people!
Call Alexander: 202-228-3398
You, sir, are a liar. You know this bill cuts money from Medicare, Medicaid and mental health care. I waste my time, here, but vote no
Get this passed!
Who here thinks your company will "pass the savings onto the worker" when they cut your insurance at work?  That's a good one, Lamar.  Ha ha
How about those of us who face losing our insurance at work, but won't get a raise to make up for the loss?
Nothing too small about Hillary to investigate, nothing too large about Trump to ignore.
What a liar. Repeal and replace Alexander, who sold out the people of Tennessee.
Vote no, Senator, please
There is not a single defense of the bill except for "IT'S NOT OBAMACARE".

That's not a goal, that's not a bill. That's A SCAM!
Nothing in the new healthcare bill that will lower your premiums, there are more government subsidies than Obamacare, it will cost more !!!!
I work with the poor. No coverage = Going to the ER for non emergency needs = no money to pay = rising costs #voteno
Are you concerned that the crazy character Trump plays on Twitter is giving our adversaries intel to exploit his fragile ego & our country?
Sir I remember when you were an American and now you are nothing but a Republican. I vote and I'm watching to see if you put your country 1
I am ashamed to have voted for you for President in 1996 and for US Senate for all these years.
You are a liar and are in pocket of pharmaceutical and insurance companies.
You will regret denying health coverage to your constituents.
i can't wait for you to get voted out of office. bye
No. No. No. No. No.
How can any one with a clear conscience support this legislation.??. Take from poor and give to rich... God have mercy on us all!
Are you up for reelection?  You better hope not
It throws 20 million people out on the street without health care all to gives billions to wealthy people. It is CROOK CARE
Please vote YES!
EVERYONE needs to call his office, use #ResistBot, or show up to let him know, he needs to vote no if he wants to keep his job.
Why don't you tell the TRUTH, about how you received $228,100 from ins cos?  That you do not care at all about any of your constituents.
I read the bill: This bill increases insurance premiums  to older Americans. Voters: Start reading at page 134.
Quit lying.
It make no changeto protect pre-existing conditions*

  *unless your state decides to no longer cover them

#TrumpCare imposes huge permanent caps on Medicaid & gives giant tax cut to ultra rich. #GOP playbook: take from poor, give to rich. #Mean
If you are so concerned about how it affects Tennesseans, why did you not hold town halls to hear us?
Why did you refuse to say what "healthcare professionals" you met with to draft this bill?
Why were you more concerned with the affect in them and not us?
Why did you refuse to confirm or deny if they were the lobbyists who paid $118M the first 3 months of this year alone?
And how can you lie with a straight face? Are you senile or do you just not care? Serious question.
Senile or uncaring: with all due respect, either is grounds for you to immediately step down. Please resign.
You are hurting Tennesseans. No, actually you are killing Tennesseans with your drafting and supporting of this bill.
And stop lying about the ACA failing. Without federal $ market rates rise, less members in pool, less ins in market. DUH
#TodaysHaiku #SenateHealthCareBill 
Questions for Lamar:
Do you know that we can read?
Do you just not care?
It's a shameful disgrace, Senator. It's hard for many people to survive under that possible law. Do you have any morals?
You and Corker think you can't be voted out....we will see in 2018 and 2020. Dems AND Reps are disgusted with your actions
Lamar, 1 of the first times I voted,I voted for u and that red flannel shirt. I am ashamed of that vote. WHO ARE YOU? VOTE NO!
Please do not support Trumpcare. It's a horrible bill and only hurts people. Would you and your family go on it?
Problem is too many people confuse heath insurance with health care. NOT the same.
Not only is this thing flat out immoral, it's too complicated! Start over. Call it Universal Healthcare. Everyone covered. Rich pay for it.
Impossible. You don't know how math works do you?
Please vote NO to health care bill if you care about Tennessee !!!
Shame on you. This bill is a death sentence for Americans. I expect more from you. Grow some balls and do the right thing. #TrumpcareKills
The small rural hospital in my town is operating in the black for the first time because of the ACA.
It's not a health plan it's a tax cut for the wealthy and people will die because of it.
#DeathCare
Senator Alexander: Please stop supporting this destructive legislation! This is the wrong legislation with deep flaws. TN voter
Vote No for the age tax
Hello, Senator. My wife is disabled, and has pre-existing conditions. This bill will be devastating for us. Please do the right thing. Ty!
Vote no to #AHCA You represent us the people, we gave you that seat so you can do what is best for us! Should not be a political decision!!
We read different bills, I guess. Can we see your copy?
What about people who are unemployed, have no current tax credits, and can't afford $2,500 per month Health Insurance Premium?
This will devastate our N Nashville community Mr. Alexander. We ask you to represent our constituents honorably.
Americans deserve more time to debate and hold hearings for such an important issue. Just like you demanded years ago with ACA. #Hypocrite
You should vote no to this health care bill
Plan cuts almost a trillion dollars in Medicaid. How is that fixing ACA? Lies. R's are eager to kill safety net. Lamar the liar.
Transplant clinics will not accept u without Medicaid. They made me aplly. Y? BC med cost $100,000 a yr. W/o Medicaid can't afford. I die
Wow! Open the windows. The BS is rather thick in here. CBO score of house bill- 17,000 die in first year, 29,00 in 10th. 200,00 dead. Facts
you are peddling to a few not the populac .employers are going to dump employees not "increase" for them..medicaid poof! re-read it! dude!
IT'S NOT WINNING IF YOU HAVE TO LIE AND CHEAT TO GET WHAT YOU WANT. PLEASE VOTE NO TO TRUMPCARE AND PROTECT YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
Shame on you for lying to Americans and to Tennesseans.  You know this is a horrid bill.  #AHCAKills  #AHCA
Trumpcare needs to be seen and reviewed! Huge cuts to medicaid will harm millions of people-so rich can have tax cuts?
Please release the math on your claim that Tenncare won't change.
Shame on you for how this bill was developed and is being forced through without debate it amendments.
This bill is mean and a disaster for TN. Please fight it!
Vote NO!
This is the GOPs way of mass killings to reduce the population.The GOP and Wealthy make billions while the middle class and poor will die.
Vote no on this bill.
Plan cuts Medicaid funds yet TN gets more? Ends multiple revenues (taxes/penalties) yet more folks covered by govt?

1-5≠3

Show your math
Your words are like a slap in the face to the ones with the greatest need!
You are not listening to your constituents. Please move your ego out of the way and listen.
This bill is not good for Tennesseans. And I firmly believe you know that on a deeper level. I challenge you, Senator, to dig deep.
2/ Your share totaled $228,100 in campaign funds. So that's your price to sell out TN's and US healthcare. So corrupt!
1/You neglected to disclose that the Secret 13 received in excess of 2.7 million in campaign funds from Pharma and health lobbies.
What is this garbage?
Vote No on Trumpcare.  Otherwise, you are on a Death Panel.
Vote NO!
How in the world can you lie straight up like this to people. Words on paper aren't invisible. People know the truth. You're a shame.
Please oppose this legislation_age tax_tax cut 4 corporations and richest Americans_deep cuts 2 medicaid_loss of 10 essential HC benefits
Liar liar liar liar
U obviously support this crap Bill since u helped draft it. & u obviously don't care about the needs of the ppl of this state. VOTE YOU OUT!
Lamar took $228,000 from the insurance and pharmaceutical companies. Just in case you're wondering how much it costs to get Lamar to lie...
I'm an occupational therapist who specializes in working with children and adults with disabilities. Vote NO to protect them from this bill!
Funding @ rate of inflation is meaningless if there r huge cuts 2 program 2 begin with!  Very misleading_HC bill is huge tax cut for corp!
Your statement is misleading_HC bill guts Medicaid_guts mental health cov_guts maternity cov_increases age tax_bad 4 America! #SinglePayer
The secret bill has bigger cuts to Medicaid than the original House bill (pg 39)_it gives huge tax cuts to corporations/mill/bill (pg 7)
Allow Ins com to raise rates on over 60 by 5 X this is an age tax so the rich can pocket 800B and insurance co can get fat HAVE YOU NO SHAME
gotta call BS return of lifetime capps, additional charges for pre-existing conditions allow Ins Co to drop parts of coverage like drugs
You can try to dress this pig up but its still a pig. A tax cut for the rich Medicaid funding gets crushed in 2 years and 25% of state w pay
You've heard your constituents & you ignore us! Give us YOUR policy! Stop taking from us and be christian. Love others! God will be judging
It allows insurers to charge 800% more for a pre-existing condition, you know being old. Slick double speak, Lamar, but it's disingenuous.
If this bill is so great, drop your current Gov lifetime coverage & sign up for this hateful bill you are trying to shovel down TN throats 
How can you stand there and lie like that?
Did you read the bill produced by republican secret committee because that's what you will vote on--not one with provisions you present!
Vote No.  No age tax and no tax cuts for the rich.
I honestly can't watch this full video, but I got to hand it to you - you actually sound like you believe these lies. #wearedoomed
Just as long as you let him be clear...
Well now we see why there were no women on your panel!
We are going to flip the seats and you can start looking for another job for you and your cronies!
And he will still have his healthcare
Tennessee deserves better than this.  Vote yes for this bill and we will vote you out!  #Trumpcarekills  #Trumpdontcare
Shame on you. If it is so great , why are you and your family not on this care???? If it is so great, let us all debate it
You are literally not telling the truth.
