We are all Americans and we should act like it.
We should all support violating the law as u support it?  Interesting.
You sir, lack the nuts and the backbone to oppose Trump and his malicious statements following the Charlottesville event.
Are you denouncing White Supremacy/Terrorists, or just hatred and violence in general?
There is s lot of hatred in the extreme left remarks here. You don't have to be extreme left in politics to detest racism.
Nazis and white supremacists are not OK under any circumstances, period, end of story
Do you think Sen Alexander or I support Nazi's and whit supremacists?  We denounce all hate, including that of alt left radicals
Can you elaborate? Nah.
What about the constant, continuing violence from Antifa and Black Lives Matter?  Your double standard makes you a joke!
And what are those, Senator? Values and Morals! Catch phrases. How many Rebel Confederate Statues are in Tennessee, Birthplace Of The KKK?
Hey now...YOUR president said there were fine people committing that violence and spewing that filth. Grow a pair sir. Do the right thing.
Guess you are one of "the many fine people" who march with Nazis @SenAlexander?  Get a spine or go down with your proud W supremacist POTUS.
2/2 FYI- Sept 30 330,000 members Stormfront at Great Smoky Mountains
1/2 FYI .@Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Nazis.
https://twitter.com/attn/status/898328098529083394 …
Tennessee Counterprotest peacefully Aug 26 Knoxville,
.@Schwarzenegger has a blunt message for Nazis. 
Sen Alexander in fact denounced all of the hatred on the part of the white supremacists and the radical left violence perps
Yes hatred on both sides is wrong!
Your statement IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH. TRY AGAIN. And try to think about the greatest generation, when you speak. @realDonaldTrump NEEDS TO GO!
This is a disappointment. We expect better. A self proclaimed Nazi mowed Americans down. That's terrorism. Name it & stand firm.
White supremacy groups =terrorists! Denounce the president's comments. Corker spoke up. You need to speak up!
You're going to have to do better than that. This statement is cowardly and insulting.
They are terrorists. Call them what they are
name and denounce those acting with hate and violence. You can help our state, this nation, and your party. TN needs you.
I don't think you a liar have the right to tell anyone about values!
Your Silence after the Presidents remarks yesterday speak Volumes! Very disappointed. #Resist #Election2018
Could you be more specific in your denouncement? Also, will you denounce Trump's remarks from yesterday?
When are you going to publicly denounce Mr Trump, by name, for yesterday's comments
President Trump is a Nazi sympathizer. Denounce him.
If you meant that, you'd do your part to #ImpeachTrump because supporting him only encourages this behavior to continue.
You must be a klan member like @POTUS. I'm from Maryville and am ashamed to be tonight.
Perhaps this explains your lack of specificity:
These are the talking points the White House sent out to Republicans in Congress tonight: "The President was entirely correct." 
Please specify which values & traditions you're talking about. It's getting hard to tell based on your voting history.
Trump's appalling statements today further destroy his ability to lead. If you & @SenBobCorker don't separate from him, you both fall w/him.
Where's your response to the debacle that 45 made of the situation? If you remain silent, you condone his actions and words.
to which values and traditions are you referring?  Are you condeming racism or are you in lock step with trump & finding moral equivalents?
Yes so get him out!  It is your JOB
Donald equates the Alt-right with the protesters from the left; and you supported him.
So are you going to let your president continue this racist rant and back David Duke. Please come out of the hole you're in and speak out.
Where is your treat about today's. Press conference.
I would like to hear you names of the "deplorable hatred" - say it...KKK, Neo Nazis and White Supremacists
Does that include TN UTK law professor & President of the US-or can they keep encouraging violence? #Hypocrites #TN
Then call for the White House to fire those who offer safe space to the ideas that spawn that hatred & violence=Bannon
Not impressed with response of my TN senators.
Then call for the removal of white supremacists from the White House. #FireBannon #FireMiller #FireGorka #25thamendment
So does Trump   Go down as a hero and call for impeachment you know it's the right thing to do and the only way to start healing
@JoeCaporali  & I Jose Luis Aguirre Jr would love to Volunteer 4 anything  U need in the future . We love USA!  Don't hesitate & let us know
be more specific
@SenAlexander You deplore the violence but U helped cause it by following psychotic nazi trump so take responsiblity for YOUR actions.
TY for this but @SenAlexander what will you DO about it? How will you tone down  condoning & even incitement of violence by the President?
Wait...I thought we weren't allowed to call them "deplorable?"
Say it @SenAlexander #DomesticTerrorist #KKK #Nazi How many young, white TN men you going to watch follow @realDonaldTrump 's example? #sin
Why are you afraid to specifically condemn Neo-Nazis and the KKK? Disgusting. Enough w/ your cowardice and #falseequivalency.
"By white nationalists."  Say it.  C'mon, say it.  Republicans better find their backbones and their hearts.
oh, NOW they're deplorable??
Name it, Lamar. It's Nazism, white supremacy, domestic terrorism. And it has no place in America.
Will you call out the white supremacists and the domestic terrorism that @realDonaldTrump refuses to acknowledge?
Do you stand against white supremacy & Neo-Nazism? Your constituents want to hear you say it. Trump refused to say these words.
Condemn ALL racial hatred, including BLM and ANTIFA.
This seems vague.
This is the best you could do? No calling out of alt-right, KKK, neo-nazis? Call it what it is - terrorism.
Help us!
So you can't call this a terrorist attack.  How many must die for you to see what this act was.  If it were a muslin you would call it! SAD
Trump has created more hatred in this country than I have seen in my lifetime.
Can you at least specify nazis and kkk? This was not both sides.
@SenBobCorker @TimesFreePress @Tennessean @NashvilleScene @knoxnews @BillHaslam @MayorMeganBarry
Swing and a miss!
you left out the last about denouncing nazi, white separatists.
What will you do about it????
To be clear, which values and traditions are they that you most cherish. If u can't explicitly condemn alt right, I gotta ask.
Urged on by the president?
We don't agree on much, but on this we are of one voice. Please hold the Trump administration to this standard.
DENOUNCE WHITE SUPREMACISTS #Charlottesville
The GOP needs to call these Nazi sympathizers American Terrorists. Speak out for your country, not your base. Call them what they are.
this Tennessean is against white supremacists and bigotry #Charlottesville
@SenBobCorker But why won't you specifically stand opposed to white supremacy and American Nazism. Can you say the words?
Trump's GOP = Nazis. You own this.
Why don't you call out the #WhiteSupremacists?
Then get @POTUS @realDonaldTrump to fire those who've infiltrated the WH! @SteveKBannon @SebGorka & Steven Miller. NOW!!!! @GOPChairwoman
Your lack of specificity/naming Senator lets me know where you lie. Unacceptable. Call Nazis and white nationalism by name. Call them evil.
Weak as I expected-call Nazis for what they are, but of course you'd be sucking up to Bannon, Miller, and the rest of the fascists in charge
The longer it takes public servants to sober up to the facts here stated & act under THESE 12 Principles, the more damage Trump/GOP will do:
the leader of your party does not agree with your statement! The gop allows him to continue. That makes them responsible!
Use more specific language denouncing Nazis and white supremacists, please.
Just laying down riddles like Aslan. Stop speaking like the Three Eyed Raven and just denounce the Alt Right already.
you need to more specifically condemn white supremacists please.
Your words matter, senator. Name white supremacy for the evil that it is.
our family fought & died to free our brothers of a different color, enough is enough, & as Dr. K said We are all one Race...Human Race..
I'll wait for your full statement, which will surely denounce white supremacy and nazis. It may be hard to do that in only 140 characters.
Thank you Senator. You are what a statesman is.  Wish 45 could follow your lead.  Our Mayor is Jewish & our Vice Mayor is black, that's it.
Hippo
Do something about it before it's too late. #thisisnotus #ImpeachTrumpNow
Lamar your very wek lame comment about hatred and and not calling its name out white supremacists show you R one of trump's lap dog poodles
Terrorism by white supremacists.
ALL TOGETHER NOW: WHITE SUPREMACISTS, NEO-NAZIS AND KKK HAVE NO PLACE IN THIS COUNTRY and THEY instigated violence!! Be a better person!
Then do something & #ImpeachTrumpNow
Call out the white supremacists or your statement is meaningless drivel. THIS IS NOT A GAME. Words count.
Thank you for condemning the violence today.  No equivocation, just condemnation!
GET REAL. Are you afraid to say you stand against KKK, White Supremacist and Nazis. Afraid to offend your base. Where is your moral outrage?
Repeal and replace!  My workers need affordable health care.  You are currently on the wrong side of our votes, yours since you wore plaid..
please call it by its name
Are you afraid too many of your supporters will be upset if you condemn white-supremacy? What does that say about your supporters?
Thank you @SenAlexander please continue to speak for all Tennesseans of all races and faiths against WHITE SUPREMACY
It has been created by the past leadership in Washington. Washington needs to do a better job
So many of your fellow Republican senators have condemned white supremacy and this act of domestic terrorism, and so should you.
Perhaps suggest your supreme leader condemn the riots?
Call white supremacy be its name: terrorism. Tell the real story.
KKK leader David Duke is in Charlottesville  claiming that this rally “fulfills the promises of Donald Trump.”
Too bad you and @POTUS dont really believe that...
Violence by who? Care to get more specific or is this another "many sides" thing?
Today, VA suffered an act of terrorism. People died and were injured at the hands of white supremacists. Please state it correctly.
I think it was the alt right nazis and kkk that caused the death of one and injury to others. Terrorism with a car instead of a gun.
Very appropriate, the use of the word "deplorable".  Hmmm.
We shouldn't expect him to say anything that might upset 45. Birds of a feather.
Hey BOZO...ANTIFA marches across America and does the same as Alt Right...where were your tweets then. ALL hate is bad !!
the hate in VA today was the Alt-Left/Liberals/BLM fin by Geroge Soros/Obama! When r U in DC going 2 admit it? Stop the hate get Soros/Obama
You mean the terrorism and traitorous behavior of these white supremacists and Confederate groupies?
You pander to NAZIS, Senator!
Insufficient!!  
Thank you Senator. Now your party needs to find the moral compass to get rid of this very incompetent President. #voteofnoconfidence
Do better. Say the words.
I want to know what youre doing about it other than tweet and use your mouth? Time to act against the "christian terrorists" in the WH?
Time to specific...the lack of calling out the Alt-right for their violence means you support it. It's on you.
Great. So what will you DO? just vote 100% with your president as usual? Or take action against the Nazis in the White House and elsewhere?
This is how your party has enabled racism.  You've invited extremist white nationalists into your base.  You've empowered them.  Appalling.
#ComplicitGOP
and is an example of racism and domestic terrorism. #fixedthatforyou
Thanks, @GOP and @POTUS for the big nazi resurgence. Jackasses.
None of you would be happy with whatever he said. Go to your own Sen page.
Hatred and violence on both sides?
This statement is disgraceful. It was a terrorist attack. On Americans. By white supremacist racists.
You caused this by supporting Trump knowing who and what he stood for. Call for Gorka, Miller & Bannon to be removed from the WH.
These are radicalized homegrown terrorists. Call them that. DO something!!
So you agree with HRC then.
Then DO something! Stop supporting 45's rhetoric of divisiveness & make @GOP the party of Lincoln again. Prayer &hand-wringing=useless
Coward. It's domestic terrorism and you should be ashamed.
Say. The. Words. The violence of these white supremacists is domestic terrorism. 

You are as pathetic as Trump.
Funny that everyone wants to call THIS terrorism. But when BLM and ANTIFA  can do the same things and you claim 1st ammendant.
You should be absolutely clear on what kind of terrorism you're condemning and urge the President to be clear, as well.
Then demand the president get white nationalists get out of the White House. His presidency isn't helping you with passing legislation
Wow. Powerful words Senator... Real profile in courage...
You and the GOP have to do a hell of lot better than than that, Lamar. Try it again, only this time with feeling.
Remove the cancer that is causing this hatred. When is Congress and Senate going to impeach this horrible hate spewing man
Call it what it was. You're a shameful coward Lamar. Signed, Brentwood, TN resident
Falls short! I denounce white nationalism and the kkk! Just say it. It is domestic terrorism. Just say it Senator and the have #45 repeat it
Not good enough.
Try again. The words you are looking for include "Nazi", "white supremacy", "KKK", "Militia"... Ok? Go...
Not good enough Senator! Call them by their names White Supremacist Terrorist! Call them Nazi's and now murderers! Grow some balls
Please be specific as to what hatred you are denouncing.
Adding my name to the list of constituents here that supports you denouncing hatred and violence by #WhiteSupremacists. Say it.
I lay this hatred at the feet of Trump and all the GOP who defend him--yes, that means you, Lamar! #CharlottesvilleKKK #ImpeachTrump
Call it what it is: neo nazi terrorism
Repeal and replace DJT
"The deplorable white supremacists/Nazis/Klan deface...etc". Fixed your typo, @SenAlexander!
You have to come out a little bit stronger sir,it's not getting through
I see @SenAlexander has climbed upon the weasel train, unable to call out Nazis and white supremacists by name.
Tell your president that
So what's your plan to do something about the hatred and violence...starting right at the top of your own party?
#SayTheWords

Radical White Terrorism
Senator, I don't understand the generic quality of this comment.
He doesn't want to lose votes from these people, as they're primarily from his party.
#Stasi maintains State of Constant Fear; then complicit MSM offers Succour to Minds of Hapless Nation as Opiate for the Masses!
Some of your braver GOP colleagues at least had the decency and courage of character to call out the hatred of white supremacists and nazis.
Not good enough. This is too vague. The Nazi/Confederate flag-waving ppl are defending their "cherished values and traditions".
Stand up to @realDonaldTrump .He is the root cause of this violence and his failure to call out domestic terrorism is reprehensible.
So, are we condemning the NAZI's and WHITE SUPREMACIST? Or the anti-protesters who got plowed down? It's all so vague. Like your leader.
Call it what it is. Racism and white nationalism. Denounce it and deman the same from the president.
More specifically, the violence of the WHITE SUPREMACISTS #NoNewKKK #cville #BlackLivesMatter
As one of your constituents I feel your comments are insufficient. Call it what it is domestic terrorism by neo-nazis
You guys said Obama couldn't fight terrorism w/o saying "radical Islam," yet you fight racism w/o saying "white nationalism"? Shame on you.
You need white nationalist vote that badly to win? In Tennessee?  You lack that much confidence that people will vote for your ideas?
By Nazis, Lamar. American Nazis. Do not shy away from condemning Nazis.
#SayTheWords
#TheyAreNazis
So does voting to deprive people of basic rights
Spineless not to use the words "white supremacy."
CALL HATRED BY ITS NAME
Don't be weasely Senator..Call it out for what it is: Domestic terrorism by white supremacists.. That's not so hard, is it?
oh, NOW we can call it deplorable
And @POTUS is to blame. His rhetoric is inflammatory. What did you expect
Didn't think it possible for someone to make a weaker response to #Charlottesville than @realDonaldTrump. 

@SenAlexander says hold my beer.
You in Congress are responsible sir.
Say it. WHITE SUPREMACISTS. Your weak governing is deplorable. You have stood by while your boss has emboldened his Nazi base for 6 months.
