Sir, if this is true, then why does she support FOR-PROFIT charter schools?
this is patently false, and disproved by every action she's ever taken as it relates to education.
And her plan to do it? Her understanding of policy and process? Please stop the propaganda & represent your constituents.
she should put herself through school first
your constituents have spoken. Do the right thing!
Have u forgotten all the Tennesseans that protested her, or do u just not care? U work 4 us not other way around
false
better check that out-helped decimate MI public schools with no accountability for charters. Not my tax dollars!
She is grossly unqualified. You are doing a great disservice to the children of Tennessee.
That's why public school teachers hate her. She's for the children, not the unions.
Please listen to your constituents! We do NOT want DeVos!
Nobody wants this woman in charge of our children! They deserve better!#DoYourJob
nah it's pretty clear she's putting interests of business ahead of all else, at the exploitation of children.
wow .....
she just want taxes to pay for private school so the rich can keep their money .poor people get this
she's not qualified for this position. As a Memphis public school educated person, she's not right for us #VoteNoDevos
there you go again. Repeating the lie. #factsmatter #DumpDevos
Lies, lies and more lies!
Is the more irony senator? The commercial appeal? #followthemoney
You sir, have lost your faculties if that's what you truly believe.
.@SenAlexander, why all the propaganda? The constituents have spoken. #VoteNoDeVos
Dismantling public ed. to build private schools and home-school coops for the rich, white eletes. Save public ed for the working class!!!
Is that why Detroit schools are so successful?
You own Ms. DeVos's performance if confirmed. Or do you suspect we will forget how you pushed her through?
TN wants you to #OpposeDeVos LISTEN TO YOUR VOTERS, NOT TRUMP! #DoYourJob
Even considering DeVos is a slap in the face to every public school educator in Tn. You have lost your way, sir.

When the APTA Pediatric Section is also troubled over DeVos' lack of understanding of the federal law IDEA, you know it's time:  #DumpDeVos. 
Doesn't matter what YOU think. You represent US. And we say no.  Do your job.
As someone who thought you supported education, I am seriously disappointed in you. Our children deserve better.
DeVos has no public ed experience. She does not know the difference between growth and proficiency. #dumpDeVos
Well not ALL else. Her bank account comes first.
@GOPHELP  really? The only kids she advocates for are the rich and ways she can keep lining her pockets
Anyone wanting to contact @SenAlexander about Devos, Sessions or other, read this for helpful info. #VoteNODevos
CALLING YOUR REPS!! HOW TO DO IT EFFECTIVELY! Long but you only have to read it once. 
the only positive article you found on her wasn't even from a credible source.
What about the most vulnerable?  Make the public schools 
GREAT for all children.  Vote NOT to confirm DeVos.
she has no straight answers or experience. Seriously rethink
@BetsyDeVos has been advocating for enriching herself at the expense of our nation's children & bought her way in
you are full of it, Senator and we are not buying what you are selling.
NO to DeVos. 30+ years in education and I do not support her plans. signed a TN voter.
Just keep saying it. Like a mantra. Maybe you'll even convince yourself.
excuse me - putting rich kids interest above all else. Get it right.
you are putting party before country. I no longer believe you care about us in TN.
DeVos is a oligarch, w private isl in Caribbean. Doesn't expect accountability from charter schools.
will never vote for R again.  disappointed in you Senator.  How much has she donated to you
Why don't you share the number of calls you are receiving that are asking you to oppose DeVos...#NoToDeVos
@SenBobCorker ...and I was a dedicated passionate district PTA president, but I'm not qualified to run DOE
and sir you are delusional if this is what you think...read her history.1.5 million educators say NO WAY to Betsy
Just No
No one is buying what you're selling, Lamar. Get off Twitter, son, and meet with your constituents who DO NOT WANT DeVos.
Stop. Just stop. Your job is not to rubber stamp nominees but evaluate based on qualifications (not donations).
I'm an advocate but that doesn't make me qualified.
she may be an advocate but that doesn't make her qualified
she has not. We are watching you and will vote you out
NO NO NO NO
stop putting out FALSE PROPAGANDA...the people do not want her?
rich children? Christian children? Yeah, no thanks #noDevos
listen to the people & busy busy phone lines
Nice lady.  Seems like she has a good heart.  NOT qualified to be Secretary of Education.
put your pride aside and don't screw over the kids.
that is SO false, are you kidding me
She does NOT have the credentials for this position by any stretch if the imagine unless YOU are measuring  by her billions of $$$
YOUR legacy will forever be associated with betsy devos. Let that sink in.
hire more staff. They can't handle the volume of calls demanding you stop pushing this corporate monster on our children. NO
Michiganschool #s have gotten worse. She's a terrible candidate Senator. Our TN kids deserve better. Stop it.
If your very busy phone lines are any indication, your constituents don’t agree. We need some who understand the key issues!
Sounds as though are already another of the DeVos family's acquisitions, along with IN Senator Todd Young
I doubt your children went to public schools either, Sen. Alexander.   Otherwise, you would feel very differently
might want to check your Facebook and see how the people you are supposed to represent feel... https://www.facebook.com/senatorlamaralexander/posts/10154236001863837 …
wrong
Shame on you sir. I have been trying to call your office for days to express my concern about DeVos. Listen to Tennesseans. NO
DeVos logic: Cut USPS budget to fund FedEx, and then say "Wow, FedEx is better than our failing postal service!"
exactly! Why r politicians tasked w/ supporting traditionl schls abandoning them & supporting private owned schls
#alternativefacts
Across the board? Then why is she taking money away from public schools to send to PRIVATE ENTITIES?
how does it feel to be an Administration shill? Rubberstamping a flawed nominee does you no favors in TN or elsewhere.
This is totally offensive to children. Educate yourself, Senator Alexander, and stop stumping for your party.
Birds of the same feather flock together huh? DeVos is the worst person you could give this responsibility to.
@POTUS DJT promised the people would be in charge NowWeknow exception is Ed. DEVOS used $$ to keep CC against parents wishes
@BetsyDeVos  Maybe she could pay for my kids college since she is so interested. No #FAFSA needed
I'm waiting for the follow-up tweet that says "Not!"
#BetsyDeVos is not qualified to run our nation's education system.  She's only interested in her own bottom line.
DeVos is at best uninformed & ill-equipped and at worst, intent on destroying public ed. #dumpdevos
Is that why she's a lobbyist to benefit her own business? (charter schools are businesses first and foremost) #BetsyDeVos
exactly! Yet they r called "public" schls & receive federal $ w/o having to follow fed laws. Complete sham
this is not true.
Please listen to your constituents. Do your duty as our representative and recognize that we unilaterally oppose her.
not a single educator/administrator that I know in TN wants her in charge of the DOE.
As a higher ed administrator and a TN res. I am appalled at your disregard for your constituents' opinions.
not to mention the way you cradled and shielded her literally on national TV everyone's SAW IT
Memphis charter schools not making a difference. http://www.chalkbeat.org/posts/tn/2016/07/12/the-good-the-bad-and-the-so-so-what-a-new-report-says-about-memphis-charter-schools/ …
VOTE NO - Public Education is pillar of our democracy, she will gut in favor of Dutch Reform Christian beliefs.
Public Education is not a "market"; that's private Ed, for-profit Ed.
no one supports this nominee, and you refuse to reply to anyone. You're gone in 2018 buddy
We all know better than that. You're proving yourself to be a LIAR!!
whatever
With all due respect Senator, her resume' does not add up. Other than donating money to various republicans.
DeVos said states shouldn't be required to educate disabled children. @SenAlexander must've been sleeping during that part.
she has no knowledge of educ laws should have been prepared she was one of your donors let's keep it 100
A billionaire that bought her seat, plain and simple!!!!!!!
she lacks sufficient leadership & flexibility to do the job properly. #DeVosFacts ; wanting change is not enough
All else … I think you mean profits and not students.
Is that what we call waging a war against public schools?
