Yeah its easier 2 say what's right with the country cause right now due 2 Trump & GOP the country & it's ppl are going 2 HELL. Thanks 4 that
The exchange of ideas at a town hall is pretty great but you keep refusing to have them.
Clean water and air are fantastic, how about you and the GOP stop putting them up for sale.
Scared to show your face in Tennesse, Senator. We're watching you and your Trumpcare vote.
Healthcare is right...it can be better but if you and the GOP take away the ACA it will be back to the train wreck of limited coverage.

.@SenAlexander cancels hearings on #DrugPrices so he can work to cancel health care for millions. #ProtectOurCare https://www.citizen.org/sites/default/files/alexander-letter-delayed-rx-price-hearing.pdf … 
Tell u what's wrong, ignoring blatant #TREASON by trump jr. Makes u #Complicit . #GOPlyingTraitors.
Alert @POTUS ASAP. Wasn't briefed? #MAGA And based on his actions healthcare needed real soon. Fix #Obamacare
A play in four acts.... 
Is there anything right with #Trumpcare ?
What's good about America is when it helps the poor & elderly instead of giving billionaires a massive tax cut known as TrumpCare.
What is right with our country: healthcare as a right not a privilege.  Protect Medicare with small taxes for the wealthy
Repeal & Replace!
Do you think it is right for the US & Russia to form a joint Cyber Security Unit?  #maddow
So Cleveland is where you were hiding instead of meeting TN folks who'll be destroyed by your TrumpCare bill. Thanks, Lamar.
Yeah, thanks buddy. We see how you really feel about Tennesseans, now that you've gotten rich being a Senator. May your sleep be fitful.
Ur friends in the GOP, & us sense of urgency to deal w/the Russian operatives, akaTrumps, is so bassackwards
Lamar has totally forgotten where he came from. It's time for Tennesseans to have new representation.
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were  to success when they gave up~Thomas A. Edison
Is it? Really? You think there is a lot of good? It must be nice to be rich and powerful and feel that way. Ask the average person...,
The GOP plan doesn't' address any of the problems with the ACA but makes them worse.  Middleclass hurt the worst.
Ironic that your whole speech is about working with Dem's to accomplish things, but now spend all your time with R's in secret.
Nice to say BUT we need you working bravely and UN-SWAMP like to solve what IS wrong.
The free press is right, however Trump keeps attacking them bc they are on to his lies.
"On behalf of the American people" ... if nearly 83% of the American people oppose TrumpCare, how can you argue you're working for us?
How about working to fix problems not just go along with party lines?
So why don't you tell us? What's urgently wrong isn't ur tax cuts 4 wealthy. It's ur disloyalty 2 USA to not deal w/the traitor n the WH.
America is the Best! Please vote No on the BRCA so America will continue being the best and will continue to cover Veterans and the Elderly
Please consider the children, disabled, and elderly. #VoteNoBCRA @SenBobCorker @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenDeanHeller @RandPaul
2016 Natalia private russian Defense Atty #FusionGPS vs #PreetBharara #MuellerInvestigate #SteelePortfolio #DNC #Podesta #UkraineCollude

Are you going to vote yes for veterans to gain access to medical cannabis
#Nashville wants to talk to you!!
Please Just make sure all the Senators stay and repeal Obamacare. Get the government out of healthcare.
If you can't meet in person, how about a conference call like @SenBookerOffice is doing? How about listening to the folks you represent?
We thought our country was great, but Trump came along and told us it wasn't and that "he alone" could fix it. Maybe he was wrong.
Your support of Trump and his agenda for the rich makes it hard to find anything that is good.
We want you to REPEAL AND REPLACE.  Don't come back here until your job is done!
Typical Nazi Republican BS Repubs keep harming middle and poor classes for their own, self-entitled profit!
Cut the meaningless posturing. Put your big boy pants, get some political courage and lead on ACA repeal and reform. Stop being a wimp now!
YOU are not on that list. #newsenneeded
trump just tweeted that he will work WITH Russian on cyber security....this is madness!  YOU MUST SPEAK UP.
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/07/03/us/politics/misleading-republican-claims-health-care.html?referer= …
I stand with you, Senator. Let's turn the dialogue to the positive. There is so much.
How can the GOP stand by as DJT sells out our democracy to Russia right there on a global stage? http://shareblue.com/rep-waters-im-questioning-the-patriotism-of-republicans-who-let-trump-side-with-putin/ … #GOPnotpatriots
So can you tell me what's being done about obama undermining the current administration?
Hey, Lamar, if you got time to tweet you got time to meet. #TNTownHall. Great meeting in Mem, expect to hear from yr constituents next week!
thank you for your positive statement.
Why spend your July recess in Cleveland, @SenAlexander? Too cowardly to come to TN and listen to us, your constituents? Shame on you.
When will we see you in Nashville again?
Why aren't you in Memphis today for your Town Hall meeting?  Why are you in Ohio?
"Focus on the positives" is also something cults say. #justsayin
ACA is right.
I guess when you become a millionaire on the taxpayers backs having no real accountability like you, everything is great.
When are you holding a town hall in Nashville???? @SenAlexander
Its very easy to know what's going on. You and your cronies are beholding to the wealthy. You no longer care about the people.
Of course you do. The list is much shorter.
Damn you!  If this is how you feel, why don't you vote this way!  @potus trashes our wonderful country to the whole world and you keep quiet
OBAMA trashed the country on his apology tour....  TRUMP is finally trying to lead as a MAN instead of a puppet for SOROS.
It would be easy to hold a town hall meeting in your state.
TERM LIMITS !!!! MAGA.
You will speak at Kiwanis of Cleveland but won’t hold an open town hall in Nashville? Have you written off your constituents? BCRA does.
I bet Donald Trump will not stand up and deny that he accepted Putin saying he's not the hacker or responsible for hacking
Senator your dear leader is a coward and shameful person 2 be representing all of you what's it gonna take 4you 2realize this
your president is assuring you and the other GOP members that they're staying office is numbered the days of the next election
camera senator how does it feel to be part of a country where your leader is kissing the boots of a dictator are you proud
I appreciate your focus. Unfortunately the Trump Admins attack on free press and concurrent misinformation campaign WARRANTS ATTENTION. NOW!
My issue with this senator is that the conversation on what is good gets shorter & shorter with every bad decision 45 makes that you support
Let's get it back on the right track, First impeach Trump then vote no on Trump Care and work with the Democrats to fix the ACA.
Trying to help cover up or ignore #TrumpRussia are you?  It won't go away so easily.
The politicians that sold their souls for the likes of donald trump are up there with the worst of the worst
Complicit
Sure it's easier but it doesn't help fix the many real problems that we face. Your job is not to take the easy way out. You have work to do.
I remember when you stood against corruption. Now you enable it with Trump. #25thAmendmentNow
A very nice sounding statement. Also a facile way of avoiding some very real problems.
Time to retire old man.
/ #FreeTheWeed
