It's over...We don't care about "Russian Involvement!" There was none. Do your jobs and represent the people, do not grandstand.

There is no proof of any collusion between Trump and Russia. Their interference was on their own. Time for Republicans to get behind Trump!
Linda, amazing news. Are you FBI?
News Flash: tRUMP names Rodrigo Duterte as new FBI Director. Promises to make short work of gangs, dealers and detractors.
Good for @nationallampoon 
And what will you do when 45 selects an incompetent, biased, financially compromised stooge this time? I'm guessing nada. #CountryOverParty
Independent investigation. Now. It's what your constituents want. #growacouple
That's some weak tea. How about an independent investigation? Special prosecutor? You know, thorough stuff.


Yep, it would have looked a helluva lot better. Stop this insanity. Appoint a special prosecutor into Trump/Russia collusion. Now.
WHAT? Kidding? DT is engaged in massive cover-up & THAT is what you have to say? Coward.  #CountryOverParty #MadKingDonald
History won't b kind 2 anyone who doesn't move aggressively against the corruption that's obviously going on in "our" WH! SHAME on you all!
Tough to trust the confirmation process when you voted to confirm Jeff Sessions. We begged you not to. Listen to your constituents!
Put country before party. You know why he fired Comey. Push for an independent investigator.
You used to be a respectable politician. You are now a partisan hack. I have voted for you several times.  Never again. Country over party.
As one of your constituents, who voted for you for both gov and senator, I am deeply disappointed by your faint words of patriotism. 1)
Listen to your constituents (I'm one of them): Independent investigation now. Honor your oath of office!
Close. Independent investigation
We need an independent special prosecutor - please step up for us!
we want an independent investigation where the people under investigation can't fire those investigating them
Appoint a special prosecutor. This is not normal and not okay. Help us, Senator. Please. This is a matter of utmost urgency. Thank you.
#trumprussia #russiagate #IndependentInvestigation
Thank you. I urge you to support an independent investigation into the issue.
Not good enough. America deserves your courage for an independent investigation. #DisillusionedwithTrump
We The People demand an Independent Prosecutor !!!
Why aren't you calling for an independent investigation into a possible Russia connection?
Yes, probably would have been easier to explain...now it's impossible.  #CountryOverParty

You know why it was wrong to fire Comey now. You know. This is so pathetic and transparent.
Check the optics on Trump's January 27th:
Tennesseans want a special prosecutor Mr Alexander do the right thing!
Independent investigation into Trump's Russian connections!
Senator, Fox reports US media not allowed in, but RUSSIAN media is? Dad  defended country fr Soviet aggression 4 30 years. #CountryOverParty
May 10th a bad day. Then January 27th recently fleshed out, might be worse:
Senator, please peruse Trump's January 27th: https://travelingpoet.net/2017/05/12/the-optics-of-trumps-january-27th/ … -- That is dereliction of duty. #18days #Trumprussia
Thank you for this statement! I also support a new FBI director who will continue Russia investigation.
Not enough. Stand up (for your country and an independent investigation) or step down.
That's it? You need to support an independent investigation. Country before party. I am a Tennessean and I expect better.
2018
Rise to be a bipartisan statesman. Ask for an #independentProsecutor to answer the mounting questions. Be a #patriot Preserve democracy. 4)
Be a patriot. Reject this populist, nationalistic trend to ignore dangerous moves by our president to be Russia's best friend. 3)


your stance and the @SenateGOP as a whole will prove harmful to this nation. @POTUS is a threat to our democracy. Wake up!
we want a FULL investigation on Trump and his ties to Russia- a special prosecutor- an independent commission- NOW
"easier to explain"?! Where is your outrage? This man is acting like a dictator, undermining the democracy that *YOU* represent!
Independent investigator. Do you hear your constituents? Enough is enough, Senator.
It's not your job to explain the President. Focus on your own job and represent Tennesseans
Does this mean you support an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia?
I think what you meant to say Lamar is that an independent investigation has to take place.  I can't wait to see you voted out. Traitor
That's BS Lamar, no Trump nominee can be independent. Only an independent investigation can clear the air. Don't take the GOP down w Trump
You are losing votes here, Senator. Do what's right for us Tennesseans, special prosecutor now! #CountryoverParty
Your mailbox is full. As a constituent of TN, we need an independent investigation. No nominee will be truly independent. Stand up for us!
Father was both a WWII K25 worker and a Cold War Patriot. He didn't live to see this mounting evidence of Russian incursion into USA. 2)
LIKE ALLWAYS YOU SPEAK AND SAY NOTHING. EVERYONE KNOWS YOU ARE BOUGHT AND PAID FOR, LIKE THE REST OF THEM. COMEY WAS JUST ON THE WRONG SIDE.
Need U to insist on justice=special prosecutor & independent investigation.Don't let trump wipe his feet on our constitution.Despicable him!
Special prosecutor. I'm a Tennessee voter!
Please support a special prosecutor!
I called your office this morning. No one answered. #ringring
Why not an independent investigation? Special prosecutor? Sounds like the same party over country rhetoric from you & @SenBobCorker.
If this were the Democrats would you say the same thing? If not, how can you justify? #werewatching #IndependentInvestigation
Why do you think that would be enough? I imagine I'd disagree but I'd truly love to hear your honest perspective on whats going on.
#SpecialProsecutor stand up for America and what is right #Shame  if you don't #losingvotes
Independent investigation!!!
Firing Comey crosses a line.  We need an Independent Investigator now! #maddow #russiagate #trumprussia
Insist on a NON-PARTISAN Independent investigation immediately. The very constitutional foundation of our country's democracy is at stake!
Sad day when Congress fails to act in response to executive obstruction of justice.  Hopefully other senators will defend the rule of law.
This is the one &only thing that Makes semi proud your my states representative. Please don't tow party lines on this! It's bigger than that
Senate will make certain thru their confirmation hearing? That's rich coming from a guy who shielded the most unqualified SoE of all time
The people deserve a special prosecutor/independent investigation. You represent us.
<-- Constituent. You need to support a Special Prosecutor.
And that there is a special prosecutor. Even if nothing shows up, at least the entire GOP wouldnt be tainted, as they are now.
You are a partisan hack. Wake up.
Let's see you lead the effort to install a non partisan FBI Director. POTUS should want this case seen to finish to vindicate him - unless?
That's it? Statement barely above 140 characters of a tweet. You're a joke, Lamar.
Damn, Lamar...you used to be one of the good ones but now all you do is bow down and kiss the ring in your old age.
Time to appoint a special prosecutor. Country over party, Senator.
Do the right thing. Please
Need a special investigation. Country over party. This will haunt you all.
Please stand strong. This is unacceptsble
Do your job and represent the people of America, special prosecutor NOW!
Senator, given the timing, would you not recommend an independent investigator instead to continue the investigation?
Thank you for your statement. Like many, I wish it had been stronger, but a good start. Let's truly drain the swamp.
Again, you fail to support the will of your constituents. This statement is passive and apathetic. #votehimout2020
We need someone like Howard Baker to step up. We need a special prosecutor & an independent investigation. Protect files that Comey gathered
Stop embarrassing yourself and preserve your legacy. Call for an independent investigator of collusion between Trump campaign and Russia.
An impartial investigation, that's key, involving the Democrats too.
Trump is for Trump. His psychopathology threatens the US. He doesn't care about our nation or your party. Please investigate Trump/Russia.
independent investigator or you lose all credibility with your constituents.
independent. investigation.
Senator, I am a constituent; we need an independent investigation. #CountryOverParty
Omg--even Weaslier than Mitch Corker's "statement." Many of us are embarrassed by and ashamed of our senators' lack of courage.
That's a start. Your vote to confirm Jeff Sessions contributed to this mess. Independent investigator now.
What does that mean? That you think POTUS' decision is suspicious & hard to explain?
Tennessee constituent here. We need an independent prosecutor to investigate the Russian connection.
That's nice, but you can no longer sidestep this scandal. Take a stand. Demand a independent investigator.
Drain the swamp
Not enough. Need independent investigation. Look to Tennessean Howard Baker for inspiration.
Special prosecutor!!!
You're such a political shill. Tennessee sees right through you.
