The lack of substance in your arguments is striking. Please provide concrete proof of your claims. I know plenty in opposition
more like helping her family get more money through for profit schools...schools that do not perform..
TN says NO to Betsy DeVos.  Fully fund our public schools.
Disabled students like my daughter are not welcome in these schools. Protect FAPE and IDEA. Protect my kid. NO to DeVos.
She lacks even a basic understanding of laws and mandates that shape the education of our nation's children! Vote no!
please vote no, sir. Our children deserve better.
How much did DeVos buy you for Lamar???
are you fricken kidding? What's wrong with you!
If you are so proud of her, awesome.  Hold a follow up confirmation hearing.  Otherwise, stop saying you stand for democracy.
Trying to reach @SenAlexander?Memphis v-mail is the only one not full. 901.544.4224
Senator, Devos is unqualified.
TN residents say Vote NO.

You are part of a growing #oligarchy.

I'll match your video with my own, thanks.
Ah, no, that is NOT what she has done.
And she has zero understanding of how schools work. The dynamics of education administration or the tools to achieve results.
Dear @SenAlexander - You are missing the point! She doesn't have experience running schools or a school system! Not familiar w/ EdLaw!
#alternativefactsarenotfacts
Yes, but when that choice leads them to failing Charters, she is too vain and arrogant to face up to it.
More choices or better schools in the first place. What is your agenda?
VOTE NO
Shameful. Your staffers are no longer even answering your phone line and your voice mail full. Listen to the people.
Please remember that her charter schools FAILED.  She does not understand public education. YOUR CONSTITUENTS SAY NO!!!
You have lost all credibility spinning/defending this loathsome pick.  Her hearing showed America just how awful she is.
No, Sir. She is remarkably unqualified and unfit to hold this position. America's children deserve better. - TN voter
No to DeVos! Being a billionaire doesn't automatically qualify you to run the Department of Education! #experiencematters
she is unfit and should NOT be confirmed. We will remember in 2018/2020!
education shouldn't be about choice. It should be about quality for all.
but DeVos has zero years of relevant experience and lacks a basic understanding of IDEA. Not qualified for the appointment.
NO. https://www.facebook.com/AFTunion/videos/10154558789469160/ …
Really?? We deserve better. Vote no on DeVos!
Your kids can go to any school they want. As long as it is a Christian school.  And those kids have blonde hair, blue eyes.
"helping low income children" LOL
It is ludicrous that you would hire someone who has never taught a day in her life to tell teachers what to do!
I am a teacher. I would be a stellar pick to take Devos's place.
Betsy Devos has done nothing more than give endless amounts of money to buy a seat at the table.
#alternativefactsarenotfacts
you are clueless and bad for Tennessee
who is #paying you to say these things??
you're accountable to the people of TN, and we say NO to DeVos, as should you. After all, we have no grizzlies in TN.
totally disagree. #nojob4u
We don't want her! Listen to your constituents. She knows nothing abt public ed. No experience, no credibility.
sounds like you are listening to the wrong people. Voters feel otherwise. Do your job. Do what you were elected to do.
you know it's false! Better education for all means better public schools. No other options makes a lick of sense
and how successful were those schools? You can't ignore facts senator, though you'd sure like to.
#DumpDevos 
LISTEN!!!
no she hasn't!
I'm your constituent. Your  job is to represent me and my fellow Tennesseans.  We say "no" to DeVos.
@BetsyDeVos hasnt said how school choice & vouchers will help children in poverty. Read the #brainscience of how poverty affects the brain
@BetsyDeVos Give me a break you hack. That horse is dead but you will drag it across. Her money doesn't entitle her to cabinet
Listen to your state!!! You have stop taking calls and are clearly representing your opinion and not the majority of your voters.
- no, she's spent 30 years AND considerable $ as donations to R's to advance religious institutions over public ones.
WRONG!
please please please stop promoting such an incredibly under-qualified candidate. Your constituents deserve better from you!
alternative fact
We see your lies
Dear @SenAlexander,  You know #devos is the wrong choice. Please do the honorable thing and support public education. Vote No!
@3onyourside You are not listening to your constituents. Lobbying is not working for the poor. She is unqualified!
We need to FIX & IMPROVE public schools, NOT abandon the "bad" ones by pulling kids out. Public schools are YOUR schools. Make them the best
She's a robber baron getting richer off our public schools.no experience. For your sake, drop her. We r starting 2 resent U
how is $254,000 in donation to @GOP #HELP members 'Spending her money on kids"???
Thank you for rescheduling. #1 reason against DeVos: she is NOT QUALIFIED. Good for her helping poor kids, doesn't qualify her
How does support for #charterschools = qualific. for Ed.Sec? I support states' rights, therefore I'm qualified to be governor?
Right....
Aboslutely false. She has spent the last 30 years enriching herself with a pyramid scheme. She has no experience. #DumpDevos
Tennessee does not want this woman near our schools. #NotoDeVos @SenBobCorker
I like how you keep tweeting your support even though it's clear the American people don't want her Even Trump supporters dont
.@SenAlexander  NO.  #DeVos is entirely unqualified to lead the #DeptOfEducation & you & I & everyone around us all know it. #StopTheSwamp
this is disgusting. Shame on you for ignoring truth and ignoring your voters
sir-you should see the private "Academy" near me in TX - the roof is falling in and it is a house you wouldn't put your dog in
If I spend a lot of $ @Wendys, does that mean I'm qualified to be its CEO? #DeVos spending $ doesn't = qualification for job
no sir. She has not. She is a terrible pick and we do. Or want her. Step up Senator.
She has no exp. We don't want her.  If she wants some exp. she is welcome to come help in my classroom.
betsy has lined her pockets full of money.charter schools are low performing schools lets stop with the im for low income kids
Why has your DC office stopped taking comments? Can't take the criticism? I thought this admin was giving us our USA back?
She spent her money lobbying. Detroit schools suck. For profit schools fix NOTHING without accountability. #NotoDeVos
It truly is disgusting how much you're promoting this terrible candidate.
She has spent that time starting schools that have no accountability, existing only to turn a profit. Also, you are a disgrace
You are *not* listening to us, your TN constituents.
Tennesseeans don't approve of her or YOU. Same with EPA nom.
Citizens in TN do not support your decision. You should resign.
and you were kind of failure at UT
vote NO!!!  Has she ever been inside a public school?
not public schools! I call #alternativefacts
Plus, you work for us, and we the people don't want her. All you people care about is money.Again, you people are christian?
and many more years giving to your party, how much you get?
Yeah, and she spent a majority of that money buying all you and your hypocrital old crony votes! She's not qualified!
but what does she know about public schools?
nothing.
exactly.
