He and I absolutely agree that CSRs should benefit consumers and not insurance companies.
The Alexander-Murray agreement has strong language to do that, and I will work with the president to see if we can make it even stronger.
Leadership????
Mr Alexander. I live in West Tennessee. Please vote no on the tax bill. I will not help people like me. Thank you.
The president of what called you? @POTUS (tries) to run the US like his private company basing everything on self interest.
I think you're using the term "leadership" loosely
Yes loosely like diarrhea it’s shitty dituation
Corrupt tool of orange fool
What planet do you reside on?
Said like the scared RINO you are.
Start working for the needy people U represent! No subsidies 4 insurance companies! Start being a Republican instead of Demoocrat!!
U SELFENTITLED REPUBS THINK IT OK TO HARM MILLIONS OF WORKING POOR W/PREEXISTING CONDITIONS.  HIGH DED PLANS R WORTHLESS TO WORKING POOR!
So much for draining the swamp. You should take a page from Corker’s book and have a backbone. You’re the senior senator, right?
Why are you taking his abuse?
Have it trump is big bully and Republican Party is to cowardly to stand up to him
@SenBobCorker how do you feel about the president’s leadership?  Would you say he is someone you want your children to emulate?
If you think what the president is doing resembles leadership then you are either playing party politics or lack basic judgement.
WTF?
Thank you for your service sir.  This Tennessean appreciates you.
I'm afraid that you have lost your mind!
Stop making the insurance companies wealthier.  Repeal OCare. It is what the people of TN want. We are sick of your stupid decisions.
Stop sucking up and do your job
Still working to get him over to single payer with Patty Murray and yourself I see.  Wonder where I could find a Republican Senator?
We appreciate you following his lead....
You are horrible...
Hahahaha “leadership” #TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
Don't demean yourself.  @potus doesn't know jack about this.
How many times are you going to let him screw up your work on this? He's already hurt so many people. Please stop him.
Holy #WhiplashAgain batman! 45 doesn't need health care but millions of others do, keep working with Sen. Murray.
Bipartisan ACA fix may hinge on WH support = conciliatory tone. At least Alexander was willing to reach across & try. #respecttheeffort
I appreciate the bipartisan initiative to protect us from whiny Trump's weak & shortsighted  Exec. Orders. Gotta keep ACA subsidies around!
The president of what? Because nothing that orange buffoon has done remotely qualifies as "leadership."
You are waste of good air.  You and the Orange Man haven't a clue on healthcare and will kill us all.
Then stop trying to give away taxpayer's money to the Insurance Companies who made record profits last year. Obamacare is dead, bury it.
Senator Alexander, long time supporter here, but you and I both know what the President is doing is not leadership.
the POTUS hasn't "led" on anything. He will sacrifice the American people for any whim that feeds his ego. Standing with him isn't admirable
I'm so disappointed.  And to think... I thought you really cared for people.
Has he claimed he was the only president to call senators yet?
Leadership, as it equates to @realDonaldTrump, is an oxymoron. #WednesdayWisdom
You might want to check Twitter. @realDonaldTrump flipped again. #MoronInChief
Even though he basically just nixed your deal with Senator Murray.
What President are you talking about? Since you used the word "leadership," I know you're referencing a former President...
Leadership? You're delusional.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha haha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Thanks for working on a fix for the ACA. Please note - Trump's goal is to destroy all things Obama no matter what the consequence is for us.
I pity you, having to try to reason with and inform a guy with the mental capacity of a block of concrete. Good luck.
Why does it take GOP Senators leaving politics to say what every Democrat and American citizens been saying! Trump doesn’t have a plan

What leadership? This is not leadership, and you know it. This statement is totally disingenuous. BTW, I used to be a Republican.
Lamar, What does DJT  know about health care?
Apparently it's really complicated, so he figured that out at least. That's one thing at least...
The president is bi polar!
You call sabotaging subsidies leadership?
Trump is an amoral, lying, rudderless, incompetent, hateful harasser. You're debasing yourself, Senator.
Leadership from 45?!? Please, Senator, you and Senator Murray must lead and form agreement in the Senate with which  House will agree.
Gather round your fellow repubs and take care of the biggest problem...your incredibly stupid president. Impeach him and let’s start over
He has no leadership qualities. That is just a personal opinion. You confirm that your standard are low.
We have no leadership in the White House
Shut it down! #OBAMACARE
Come on man...if Corker can be honest, you could too.  #InSearchofSenatorialSpines #countryoverparty
Oh, give us a break! #Trump has NO clue what's in the #ACA and just wants to destroy it! You are scrambling because he gutted the law
Leadership? He has no clue what healthcare means and how to fix it.
Does it feel good taking it from Trump? Letting him do and harm what/whomever just to advance your agenda? I hope you have a terrible day =)
What leadership Take healthcare from millions for tax cuts for him and his kids That leadership to you
WHAT LEADERSHIP?????? DO YOU NOT KNOW THAT PEOPLE HAVE EYES AND EARS???
He completely backtracked on yesterday's support and undercut everything.

CALL HIM OUT
