as long as the child's #family can #afford that #knowledge.
Last I checked, public school is free.
paid with #Taxes. That's the @GOP answer. #nothingisfree. But when we all chip in it makes a difference.
if the #conservatives would only stop #defunding #publiceducation it made us #great once.
Maybe instead of just putting money into education we should actually reform it
we should find it and return the system to its former #greatness our country deserves.
We should start teaching our kids important things
please tell me what important education looks like.
I do, too.  NEITHER SHE NOR I ARE ADEQUATELY EXPERIENCED TO DO THAT.  Except, even I knew about IDEA, w/o having kid
yes we must keep grizzlybears out of school!!
I appreciated how you handled the proceedings last night!
You are embarrassing yourselves with every word you say about this vastly under qualified person.
I am a retired educator. I am telling you now, She is not qualified! No idea of what it takes to be a strong teacher
How stupid  is she. She will not support children and programs. She is dumber that a box of rocks! Sad & disappointed in you!
EVERYBODY believes this, come on!!! That doesn't qualify her to this position!!
Then why is it that EVERY teacher and school admin person I know opposes her for this job? You need to listen!!
like kids carrying a gun in case of bears.... u can't make this crap up

@LeoDiCaprio Betsy DeVos cited the threat of grizzly bears as a reason to have guns in school! Tell Her @NoWayNRA1 
we all saw that this woman does not know what she is talking about or getting herself into. Not even close.
to quote your fearless leader - WRONG! SAD!
and do we even trust the guy who thought 'Jeb can fix it!' was a good idea? I'm embarrassed you'd quote him.
like the knowledge of how to defend their schools from bears?
as long as their parents are worth a couple of million. All other Americans can go to hell. No education needed.
Sorry but if she doesn't know the law or have a background in education she is only a wealthy no it all. #noDeVos
Her charter schools failed she does not have a basic grasp about education. It is all about power and money it is never about the kids.
She's not "schooled" enough to handle the job. Do YOUR job, Senator and select the most qualified. She's not it!
As long as it benefits the Charter companies.
i thought your years of experience and moral compass was a guide. Apparently not.
yes, and my two dogs probably believe this, too. Is this really how low the bar is for Sec of Ed?
plus a trust fund
she is equipped with money but no brains. Better vote no on her TN teachers are many and vote too!
And if you think schools are "knowledge providers" then you are part of the problem. #stopdevos
I agree
The road to hell is paved with good intentions. Our school children deserve better! Unqualified!
What a bullshit quote. Totally meaningless blather to cover 4 an utterly incompetent & ill intentioned nominee.
.@SenAlexander By allowing states to exclude kids with disabilities from schools? She's abominable. .@JebBush
And yet she doesn't understand IDEA is federal law... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Stunning: Maggie Hassan (who has a disabled son) realizes that DeVos doesn't know the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act exists. 
did you drink trump kool aid today.  this is crap to do to our teachers and students.
If true, then she should be more aware of the issues involved than she was. What I heard re: IDEA left me reeling.
Yet opposes Common core meant to do just that. Yep what could go wrong when standards are lowered.
I'm so disappointed with her answers. How can Jeb support her with all he knows about education?
- as long as that child goes to private school and their parents have a lot of money. (You left that part out)
I certainly hope so. Dumb quote...
AND WHO ARE THOSE DETERMINING WHAT SUCCESS IN LIFE LOOKS LIKE? I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW.
we didn't get enough time in the DeVos hearing today to give us information.
I've spent more time picking out a cat.
Betsy expects a return on her political investment.
So does almost everyone. NOT a reason to turn the Dept. of Ed. over to her.
fuck what she believes. The question is what can she do?
maybe obama's nominees were qualified. How idiotic
she believes taxpayers should support corporate welfare
the woman has no experience in education!!
A Sea of Charter Schools in Detroit Leaves Students Adrift
embarrassing display by Alexander. Just because a hearing was 2 hrs in 2008 doesn't mean it can't go longer in 16
DeVos has consistently placed the rights of "parents" before "students" in her hearing responses. Outrageous!
Equally.
that's correct by outsourcing all our education to outside corporations. Do you really think they our children interest first?
"How much education do the poors need to mow my lawn?" -Betsy DeVos
disappointed Jeb
then she will enhance public education instead of giving vouchers to the rich
are you crazy? She is clueless! Watching her hearing makes it clear! #DumpDeVos
no more "studies"
She didn't know what she was talking about. But she's rich?
yeah but that doesn't mean hand over education to private for profit paid by taxpayer
If they suceed-they become independent NOT dependent as Dems want!
God is great, pray every day, don't have much sex, the earth is 3,000 years old... wait, isn't that what ISIS thinks?
they will succeed in world knowing the earth was created in 7 days & Adam & Eve were plopped down on earth by a fairy
Anyone can mouth platitudes. Look to how thing are going for the children of MI for answers.
Where are her ethics papers?
as long as it makes her buddies money obviously...
What about the 5.3 million in fines? How much $ did she donate to you?
80% of charters in reading and 84% of charters in math have academic achievement below the Michigan state average. #DeVosHearing 
That's the woman who said, neither she nor her kids have attended public school, only 'christian' ones.
no tax returns. No second round of questions. Ramming DeVos nomination at the peril of the public school system. Sad.
You're insulting our intelligence. You know that's not true.
She only believes that for rich, white, christian children.
she owes Ohio $5 million
Great choice for Education is Devos.
