of course she knows now. She's already seen the answers to the test! She's definitely gotten her money's worth out of you.
Why did she not say this on Jan 17?
IDEA protects our kids.  DeVos won't commit to enforcing it across the board. #protectourkids #DontConfirmDeVos
if you need $ Senator we could get you a kickstarter going so you don't have to spread this crap for DeVos $. How much sir?
other states are doing this and donating the money to educational programs. It's amazing!
i can't wait for the day when you get to taste the BS you are dishing out!
nothing justifies your vote for http://DeVos.how  much did she donate to you?
Nice Job, Sen. for filling in one of the blanks for her.  Now if you can only help with proficiency/growth and Accountability.
I am a parent who is opposed to this nominee.
"IDEA is a wonderful example of things I have no clue about and should have nothing to do with." -Betsy DeVos
that isn't a "local" law it's federally mandated
During her hearing she didn't even know the basic tenants of the law.
vote NO on DeVos!
what if the innocent child doesn't have parental support? No on DeVos!
she doesn't know anything about public school
we are already partners with our public school teachers. Let people choose between private and public #NoDeVos
How you have treated the Democrats during this hearing has been a black mark on the democratic process.
It is indicative of how you and your failed democrat policies are regarded. Like poison.
Hilarious! She didn't even know what it was two weeks ago!
would have been nice if she knew what it was, you know like anyone with ANY experience would have
PLEASE vote for someone more qualified who will advocate for our public schools!  Vote no on DeVos!
was that after she had no idea what IDEA was? How could you vote for her?
This is your failure of character, Lamar. What was your integrity worth$ We get it was not about TN students/parents/teachers
I'm so disappointed that you voted to confirm unqualified DeVos. You've let the country down, sir. #WeAreWatching #unqualified
Shame on you sir. The only question now is what it would actually take for a no vote on anyone?
This said as a parent that is also a constituent, and has contacted you, urging you to withdraw your support. #NoDeVos
listen to your constituents.
Repeating propaganda doesn't make her qualified. We said no, Lamar...you didn't listen. I hope you plan to retire, son.
You work for US. How dare your phones be busy 24/7? DeVos bought and paid for you. Shame on you. How do you sleep at night?
that sounds like someone on her staff looked up the IDEA Wikipedia page and copied some stuff down.
I'm going to throw the biggest party when all of you senators who voted yes to DeVos lose their jobs.  It's going to be YUGE.
from public schools that are required by IDEA to provide these vital services & redirect them to schools that are not. (2/2)
IDEA is federal law, so @BetsyDeVos's support of it is pretty irrelevant. What IS relevant is her plan to take funds (1/2)
was that googled yesterday? She has no experience with special education, her schools won't service them and vouchers defund!!
Devos is unqualified. Shame on you.
What about this nominee refusing to pledge equal accountability for ALL fed. funded schools, not just public ones? #NoDeVos
Did you know charters and vouchers draw funds from PS's - the only ones mandated to accept SpecEd students, or provide  FAPE?
A definition of FAPE & law wrt IEP's won't mean much, when the SecEd advocates choices that don't have to serve all our kids.
DeVos's paper Detroit Free Press says she is unqualified. Be a statesman. #VoteNoDevos
Please do the right thing. She is unqualified. Don't play politics with our kids' future. #putourkidsfirst #DontConfirmDeVos
From a parent of a child with a dev disability: basic definition of federally protected rights is insufficient. #NoDeVos
NO NO NO OVERWHELMINGLY WE IN TN HAVE SAID NO. NO. NO. NO. #NODEVOS
you should be recalled for this. Out of touch= out of office. @SenBobCorker too. BOTH of you are ignoring constituents.
please vote yes.  #WomensMarch 
-- Would be nice if your constituents (that includes me, 37917) were full partners in your decision-making. #NoDevos #NoLamar
.@SenAlexander Our collaboration is an honor I will never forget; please honor the strength of public schools everywhere and decline DeVos!
#NoDevos Ever #StopDeVos let her babysit your grandkids you trust her so much...She is everything wrong w system #NeverDevos
I am a constituent of yours calling repeatedly, to voice my concern for her confirmation--PLEASE WAKE UP! VOTE #noDevos !!!
Are you trying to convince us or yourself? We will remember that you put party over our country's children. #DumpDevos
glad someone told her what it was. She's still not qualified.
How much did she pay you to say that?  Please use your brain instead of your wallet.  Thank you.  #VoteNoDevos #noDevos
She had to look it up after being called on it,ask her what an IEP or READ or ARD is she's clueless and horrid for future kids
you are doing Tennesseans and the rest of America a great disservice. YOU KNOW this is a political payoff, pure and simple.
"stupid is as stupid does" said the mom to a son with more intelligence than any #RWNJ like you Lamer
That's Lame(er)
Dear Sen. Alexander, can you please move operation to #Gab.ai since Twitter is engaging in censorship? http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_TEC_TWITTER_ABUSE?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2017-02-07-09-03-50 …
IDEA is the law! Why you still supporting DeVos when your constituents say NO? #noDevos
Wonderful example of what How to destroy a public education? you all have your heads up your behinds.
We'll remember your betrayal during the next election. Resign and go home to Maryville.
How are you still possibly in her corner after everything that has been brought up in opposition of her?
DeVos + yes = your retirement
you are out of touch. Time to go
Lamar, how can you demand highly qualified TEACHERS for our kids yet choose someone with NO EDU exp to lead the EDU DEPT? #DUH
I'll say it again, Lamar. Vote 'yes' & We the People will be at your door in Nov 2018 with moving bxs. #YoureFired #NowGetOut
you're doing it wrong senator.
..go to public schools? My 5 yr old starts Maryville City kindergarten this year. DO NOT vote yes on DeVos
Uphold IDEA and strengthen public education. Fund FAPE. Don't use public funds for Voucher Program.
that lady didn't even know what IDEA was - she is UNQUALIFIED- shame on you for these tweets
She didn't even know IDEA is a federal program!! Worst nominee EVER for public schools. How many TN kids
But something she couldn't vow to apply to every school.  Is this your example of alternate facts?
in the letter she continues to strum school choice, her one issue. Her nomination is indefensible, TN knows it and you know it
Not all of ur constituents are weak minded sheeple. Ur time is up & you have failed this state & country.
Gee, that's a no-brainer. She's still utterly clueless & wholly unqualified for the job! #EDSEC #VoteNo #KidsDeserveBetter
seriously??  She really needs to get into the system to see what the world is really like.
After she didn't know what it was & refused to say she would enforce it. http://platitudes.You  know n ur heart.poor choice.
worse than unqualified - one look at her mess in Detroit tells you she's actually terrible for this job #DumpDevos
Are you deaf to ALL the parents and educators that don't think she is qualified!
She didn't know what the fuck it meant until a few weeks ago! Besides, she probably plagiarised it.
She was nominated because she is a big donor, not because she is an educator. Sad! #noDevos #StopDeVos #TaketheDeVosPledge
Your lack of shame is reflective of no real challenge to your seat. It's unacceptable for an elected official. Listen #NoDevos
NO!
