We will vote this fraud out at re election time. ACA destroyed healthcare and he did nothing to help. What good are you?
I paid over 20% of ss retirement for ours  changed it after BC/BS drop me and had drop it get free shots from drug company for rare disorder

UPDATE FOR CALLS: skinny now includes "1332 waivers." DC speak for letting states waive essential health benefits. Aka insurance gets worse. https://twitter.com/caitlinnowens/status/890595703885635584 …

2. If bill DOES get to conference, it will be merged w House bill making DEEP cuts to Medicaid, which your Sen prob *said* they opposed. 11/
do you have a doctor in building that you go to when sick? yes or no.
You're misleading.  You're planning on debating for one day.  Voting asap on a skinny version and then that will pass the house.  Vote no.
VERY dissapointed -U have betrayed your constituents- stay in the swamp with Pelosi, Sanders & Schumer we don't want U in TN.
Now do something to fix the MONSTROSITY called Obamacare. You owe the public to fix it. You do.
As a republican I will be voting for the Dummacrat that opposes you if you run again...JUST BECAUSE
Apparently there is no difference between a "Dummacrat" and a RINO like Alexander.
If U can't repeal THIS law, what the hell good are U 4 anything? Please resign &retire to some oceanfront cottage with Lindsey Grahamnesty!
Every single Tennessean needs to kick your butt back to Tennessee for siding with the Democrats and those rinos.
Please just keep your mouth shut until your time in congress is up.. you are doing much more harm than good..
Not running for election now, r u. Hypocrite. Glad I didn't vote for you in the primary, or the general election where I voted for nobody.
This will be you
That's almost an insult to Pajama Boy Ossoff.
You will be voted out this time for sure. Repeal Obamacare immediately then resign!
Do you believe that Dems will actually work in committee to pass a healthcare bill, when they have been obstructing 24/7/365?
#ThankYou, #SenAlexander. #heroStillNEEDEDNOW . #ProtectPreExistingConditions, #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NoTaxcut #SaveOurRuralHospitals
Our exchange premium $950 MTH with $3000 deduct. UNAFFORDABLE! Your offices are not taking calls. Your 22 mil # is bogus. RHINO!
We need this spineless puke investigated.
We will not forget!: https://shar.es/1Tebix   2018 Please anyone run against him, anyone!
The greatest hoax http://fb.me/4Vwwetk2G 
Well I'm not voting for you agin
Looking forward to voting you out. Closet Dem!
Do what your did 28 months ago. Vote to repeal
Won't get my vote ever again even if that means as a republican I have to vote for a Dem!
#shameonyou
This looks like pictures of people who we thought were our friends, but turned out to be our enemies.
Somebody is blackmailing this spineless slug. TN should recall his ads and the @TheJusticeDept should investigate
Simple question. Why doesn't congress enroll in obamacare? You and I both know why. Your a  horrible person
Thanks for nothing Lamar, I for one will not be voting for you, ever again!!!
I thought TN was better than this?? What did you people do??
What happened to you?  Did someone buy you out?  Cause you sure sold us out!
RINO RINO RINO RINO RINO RINO RINO RINO Repeal repeal repeal Obamacare! Did you know about DWD & IT DNC? Really you voted with Democrats
I moved here from NY so i could afford life. Now u vote to NOT repeal ACA...it almost bankrupt my fam.
Curious? How many mid class lost ins?
Thank you

You will never get another vote from me...and I will be loud about it. You can count on that.
Traitor
You're not thinking about Tennessee or America but for yourself and power
Mr. Alexander u just lost my vote in 2018. See u at the ballot box!!
You have betrayed all Tennesseans. You will be removed from office soon. We will not have liars and betrayers in this State - Ashamed of you
Just making excuses as to why we must be lied to. You have no intention to end ACA, just admit it and get back to taxing us.
Good thing you are not running again. Wish you could be recalled.. embarrassing for TN..
Thank you for your "No" vote today. Please put the health of your constituents above the rage of #PublicServant45 and your party.
Frist Thompson Corker Alexander. Have never been ashamed of my senators until your vote today. Tenn folk want full repeal.
vote him out
Hope you enjoyed your seat Sir and as a proud Tennessean I'm terribly disappointed in you! God bless Trump!
Ann, wake up.  the ACA is near collapse. Your going to lose coverage unless it's repealed & pressure is put on congress to replace it later.
Where was the outrage when Obama cut Medicaid reimbursments to Doctors leaving seniors out in the cold? @seanhannity @POTUS @SenJohnMcCain
It is time for you to retire
Why did I vote for YOU!?? Repeal Obamacare you wimp! Coward!!
Easy solution...  Put everyone on Your Federal Insurance!  Why should elected persons have better insurance than we the people?
I hope that we can get a bill that promotes competition in the market and get the lobbies out of the process
Do NOT vote for the 'Skinny' amendment. We know you & Trump are sabotaging ACA & that bill will KILL it. Sneaky & dirty, Alexander! VOTE NO!
Please vote NO on ANY repeal! Put the constituents you are to represent above party! #saveourhealthcare #VoteNo
shut up
At least its not your health insurance, right? #Evil #Coward
Obamacare is for the freeloaders, they Pay nothing and abuse the tax payers/government! The people that work hard deserves affordable H.Ins
Please make healthcare a #bipartisaneffort as it will effect the entire country!
"Virtually unlimited".
Everyone for the ACA nightmare...WHO IS GOING TO PAY FOR IT? Nothing is Free.
Your vote for MTP/BCRA was irresponsible and not in the best interest of constituents. Very disappointed! We will remember this.
Please vote no on repeal only or any of the bills that have not been scored by the CBO. We need a responsible bipartisan solution.
Congress needs hearings to LISTEN to women, #cancer survivors, patients & parents @CancerAdvocacy @AmericanCancer @TNAdvocatesPP
Tomorrow McConnell is going to hold another vote to make repeal ACA LAW!... call Lamar and tell him to vote NO!
Be clear on your commitment to 350k with market plans in TN and 650k TN children on Medicaid.  7 years, no serious goals to improve health
Sorry Sen but TN Medical Association has diff take on those numbers. TennCare not being addressed & market uncertainty is largely due to you
Get it done. The American people are tired of your inactivity on issues that matter.  Finish healthcare and get tax reform done next.
This is ridiculous and disappointing. I'm embarrassed to say I voted for you. Stop putting party before people.
Also if some women had been part of the #healthcare process instead 13 men the bill might have a better chance of passing.
If the process hadn't been so secretive to begin with maybe @SenateGOP would have their own members support & maybe even some @SenateDems
You'll f*cking pay for this, Lamar. Politically speaking, as of today, you're a walking dead man.
Empty words, Senator, each and every one.
@SenBobCorker you both need to #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #SaveOurLives #SavePreexisting #SaveLifetimeCaps #VoteNoBankruptcy @indivisible_tn
Why should I pay for your healthcare???
Hope destroying healthcare was worth it! As u are an elected official who will easily be voted out for a caring dem.
Zero options... BECAUSE OF YOUR FUCKING VOTE
I have your 30 pieces of silver, but I see your pockets are already full.  Shall I provide a satchel in which to carry them? Please advise..
sorry you are out VOTED OUT Gbye! Sad!
You dont care about people. You care about "winning" #discusting
Empty sophistry. There isn't a person alive who thinks advancing the republican bill with its payoff for the rich will improve healthcare.
What sleep-aide did your doc prescribe for you tonight so you won't have visions of millions suffering from your vote today?
For years I respected you even though I disagree with you. Recent healthcare statements & votes now make that impossible! #PartyOverPeople
$220k of dirty insurance money!   You must be so proud.
Here is everything anyone needs to know about Ol Lamar!     Filling those pockets!  Please re-tweet this pic all over TN!  Interns are 
WE ALL KNOW WHERE YOUR LOYALTY LIES, AND IT ISNT WITH US.
WELL ITS OUT, YOUR  YES VOTE FOR A BILL THAT DOESNT EVEN EXIST. WE HATE YOU AND YOUR SELF-SERVING BULLSHIT.IM  LOOKING TO SEND U DN THE ROAD
AT LEAST BOB CORKER DIDNT VOTE WITH THIS AHOLE
Mr. Alexander, please listen to your constituents; please amend and stabilize the ACA. McConnellCARE harms Tennesseans. 
Do unto others...
So what are you going to do?  Eliminate millionaire tax cuts?  Keep pre existing conditions?  Keep people on Medicare?  What tRump tells you
when has your focus ever been on TN?
This is wit NO respect... but great honesty.... You SUCK!!!  Retire already!!
We will remember your vote on Election Day. Save your xerox boxes, we're sending you home
Is that why you've operated behind closed doors like a snake? Because the bill you've pushed is good for your constituents? You're pathetic.
"Songwriters, farmers, the self-employed, small businessmen and women may find themselves with zero options"

You forgot Senators. We won't.
You lost your soul somewhere along the way. You have one chance for redemption. I'm not going to hold my breath.
Shame

I have written, called and tweeted u re health care and fixing ACA.  Form letter only response - same one! Yes vote today a betrayal of TN.
Talk to the public. Stop doing this behind closed doors and involve us.
Zero options in 2018!? Is that a dig at me ol' buddy, old pal?
I look forward to voting you out of office.
You know there is not unlimited time for amendments and debate allotted.   Why lie?  We are not stupid, and we are paying attention. 2018.
Lowest Primary winning % in TN history. 2020 #Guilty50
Remember when I voted for you? It won't happen again as you screw over Tennesseans to line your own pockets!
I think you mean the "tax cut for the super rich" bill.
#Trumpcare will cause the closing of rural hospitals in TN. If you actually cared you'd fix the #ACA & Pressure Gov the expand Medicaid.
#retweet #share #call #norepeal
Time for you to Go your a RINO !!!! Very disappointed in you Lamar.
*you're
I expect you to do what is best for the people of Tennessee, particularly those at risk. Please seek sensible bipartisan solutions
sensible bipartisan?  What's that?  We need Lamar to get Gov OUT of heath ins.
Americans should work together towards sensible solutions, even if we disagree
Tonight's continuing Senate action is disgusting. You have taken a legacy of Public Service after Blanton and destroyed it. #2018 #2020
Read this article Tennessee! This explains why your insurers are leaving the marketplace. Don't just listen to him.
Get out of here! You don't even know what your constituents need or want. You've NEVER had a town hall to even discuss! #NoRepeal #FixTheACA
Because @SenAlexander is a coward to Tennessee!    He Sucks!!! Maybe one of his two drunk sons will need some Healthcare and not get it!!
His statement means nothing. Tell his constituents why @Humana left the marketplace. He voted Risk Corridor out & delayed the inv mandate.
Just 36% of voters supported repealing ACA without a replacement according to POLITICO poll. You put party before constituents.
Are you still believing the polls. Please take a nap
You must have no conscience, sir #Resist #VOTE2018
With all due respect, this statement is bunk. I'm sorry for all the times I voted for you.
I used to think yow were reasonable. Know I know you are a Republican Party "power broker" and loyalist.
Thanks for nothing.
Full repeal!! Get the government out of the private insurance business.
Brilliant! I'm sure the free market will rush to insure older Americans and sick people. #winning #turtlecare
Reps have debated for 7 years, with nothing better to show than ACA - what will change now?  Unethical & Irresponsible to repeal.
Remember two things before you wave the party flag over our corpses - seniors and pre-existing conditions. Save them, please!
Tomorrow McConnell is going to hold another vote to make repeal ACA LAW!... call Lamar and tell him to vote NO!... pass on to 3 friends
Why didn't you start with bipartisan debate?  Wow, I should've voted for Jake Butcher way back when
I am confused by you saying that there is "virtually unlimited" debate to be had.  I have understood that there are only 20 hours allotted?
20 hours is "virtually unlimited" in turtle hours ...
This guy is evil
.@SenAlexander You voted strip insurance from 32 million innocent people. Stop sugar-coating it. You voted to let people die. #NoRepeal
