"Fuck the poor, I got mine!" Ain't that right, Senator?
@SenAlexander will at the end of the day submit to McConnell & Trump,  grovelling for their approval re AHCA. We deserve better than Lamar
I cannot wait to watch you voted out of office!!!  Shame on you!  Is your family on the plan?
You have the power to give us universal health care. Tell us why you are not.
those of us with pre-existing deserve affordable care just like every other American
Define the term,"Have access", to health insurance. Anyone can have access to insurance for a price. Unaffordable insurance is unaffordable.
We went to the same schools! My aunt was in your class! Please do not vote against US
#out2018 #shameonyou hopefully the Senate will shut this bill down. #voteNO.
Why keep blaming ACA for insurance premium increases? They increased before ACA & will increase after. It's foolish to think otherwise.
Embarrassed to have  @SenAlexander as my senator, clearly thinking politics and not people.
If I pay lower premiums for no coverage and still pay a premium, does that fulfill GOP vision of healthcare reform? @SenBobCorker @RepChuck
I will call your office tomorrow and log again a NAY, and I voted for you 2xs. Good luck
And I'll be in the road, but I'll make a special effort for you to know when you retire to your Mtn Home,
Our people will never be forgotten when you and Honey get groceries, gas, and other necessities
I have access to a yacht, all I need is the $100k+ Oh, wait. The past 17yrs I spent that on my type 1 diabetic kid so he could stay ALIVE.
Please keep in mind that only 37% of registered voters voted for Trump, Republicans just made sure that other 63% would now vote..
I forgot. You're fixing to retire. Show the state how much damage you can do, and leave an incredible legacy.
B. 3) Giving states Medicaid flexibility is basically killing Medicaid 4) Access does not equal affordable Sure we'll have access but too $$
A. Congratulating them on a crappy bill? 1) TN losing coverage because of ins greed 2) premium costs would be less if ACA fully funded
Nice "goals" but no guarantees for the working class that need insurance.  Not surprising, the tax credit for the rich is guaranteed.
RE #4: "affordable" is conspicuously missing btwn "access to" & "insurance." Was that a typo or will you join House's assault on the sick?
Bill nailed it! There's a significant impact in that one word, "affordable".
Single payer is what this country needs. Your proposals would be worse than pre-ACA.
Your citizens in Tennessee will be damaged by the House Bill. We will be watching.

We will see if you can promised to do what you say!!!! You haven't proved that you can do that yet! PROVE IT!
Slick move on #4 - make sure they "have access." Doesn't mention them being able to actually afford it. Typical GOP doubletalk. #LyingLamar
IF you vote for this debacle of a "bill" I will have a COW and name it LAMAR.
All I can say is that I will be vote you out of office
Thank you for upholding the principles of leadership.  We need your wisdom and thoughtful leadership on behalf of the people of Tennessee.
You just had to blow it. People with pre existing conditions should HAVE insurance, not just access to it.
You will regret voting Yes.
There's no creditability in your words. You've cowered & lied to the people of TN. Resign
Shame on you! You are going to loose your seat!
sounds way better than...i hope the senates does the job.
Start looking for a job!
Roughly translated: we're making major changes to this bill, targeting Medicaid and insurance pricing provisions.
Literally all of those conditions would have been met if your party had supported ACA in the first place. Your petty hatred for Obama is sad
I hope Senate does better job!  Thanks 4 recognizing importance of preexisting cond's!  Don't rob from poor & middle class & give to rich!
We will not be fooled...#VoteNoAHCA
Vote no on AHCA
Why take away coverage for a rape victim, or a woman who has survived domestic violence? It is the perpetrators who should lose coverage!
I have no faith in you. You have shown me who you are and I believe you. #NoAHCA #heartless #selfservingpuppet
Senator, I strongly urge you to think long and hard about this bill. I want to keep my Medicare and my supplimental plan that I have now!
Remember Senator. Since November, many more are watching and will not be silent come 2018. Access to insurance is not insurance
How about urging TN legislators to opt in to ACA expansions like they should have all along, instead of trying to use this as political FB?
Access to insurance is not insurance....How do you sleep at night? Lobbyist money must pay for comfortable beds. Ashamed to call you my rep
2018
sadly, he's there til 2020
But his co-conspirator @SenBobCorker can be voted out in 2018. It's a good start
At least the rich get a $200k tax cut while the sick & poor lose coverage.
You are the boogeyman I will tell my nephew about to scare him.
"Access to insurance" is not the same as "affordable."
Thousands of your constituents in Tennessee are counting on you standing by number 4, not only access but EQUAL PRICED access.
No, stop giving states more flexibility. Tennessee is doing a terrible job on implementing the ACA. Why give them more power?
#YouHaveNoHonor #OutIn2018 #Booker2020
As you've said, access doesn't equal affordability. Will u fight to make sure ppl w/ pre-existing conditions have access to AFFORDABLE care?
The AHCA is not responsible. You are a reasonable person, support the American people not partisan politics. Improve ACA, no to AHCA.
Does this mean you WILL NOT be voting in support of the bill passed today by the House?
Put as positive a spin as you please, but we will be knocking down your door to keep you from killing us in the meantime.
Does that also include no further $$$ burden on folks with health conditions, not of their making, that require maitenance meds?
can't wait for election to vote you and your comrades out
The word "affordable" is suspiciously absent from your statement, Congressman.
You are disgusting and our only goal is to vote you out of office.
Shame on the @GOP. TN and American voters will remember this.
Except in states like Washington where our politicians have intelligence & actually care about their constituents. Makes all the difference.
My idea is to vote THE GOP OUT OF OFFICE.   OH HOW I CANT WAIT FOR 2018.    The GOP are snakes in the grass and I will do all it takes
To vote out every member of the GOP.  I have no confidence in our govt  they want to watch us die.  Thanks a lot for your lack of support
And lack of compassion.  Can't wait to watch all of you go.  I will send some. Wendy's apps.
I am encouraged by the statement "take the time to get it right." you know how many people are not covered in TN (no medicaid expansion)
I could have "access" to the POTUS if I could afford $200,000 for Mar A Lago membership. Can't afford = no access.
Can someone in your office share some links with the people that includes non-biased data on premium increases under ACA?
Will it help lower our deductibles and out of pocket costs that went up drastically since ACA?
Sir then you would send it back in it's entirety and tell them to try again.
