Your constituents w/ jobs: Get Health Ins Through Your Employer? #ACA Repeal will hurt you too
Good rundown of ways the Obamacare repeal could affect those with traditional employer-based insurance http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2017/01/11/get-health-insurance-through-your-employer-aca-repeal-will-affect-you-too/ …
By irresponsibly repealing without a replacement, you're putting millions at risk. People matter more than your agenda.
You're helping the rich with tax cuts while endangering the health care of poor and middle class people.People need insurance!
because you are collapsing it. #SaveACA my 6yo niece's life depends on it!
please do not return us to pre-existing conditions, senator.
served out his usefulness. Check his holdings @Tennessean @MSNBC @TheDemocrats @algore @chuckschumer @SenWarren @BillHaslam
wouldn't it be wise to have a new bridge built and operating before tearing the old one down? Healthcare is a human right, sir
Ask Steve Rattner for his charts on ACA. Premiums may be too high now, but the overall program is funded-not failing. FIX IT.
very disappointed that you are allowing, no promoting, getting rid of this without a replacement in place.
there are people on that so called collapsing bridge. People who depend on the ACA for coverage. What is our alternative?
the reason is Obama  everything he wanted your party tried to http://stop.You  need to keep it & fine tune it.
Your WRONG AGAIN!! Where's the GOP plan??? 7 years, NOTHING!! Scam artists!!
Fix whatever you need but it makes no sense to repeal the whole thing & start over! It's a symbolic gesture costing billions.
you will be voted out by #TheResistance embarrassed your my senator
You should be ashamed of yourself. You have not one ounce of human decency and charity for those that can't protect themselves
HOW IN GOD's name do you roll out a repeal without a replacement? Because you have no intention of replacing it.
Better make sure you have some thing to replace it.
It's collapsing because you dynamited the foundation
oh and I am a constituent, and I will never vote for you again.
you are letting down millions of Americans by repealing, not fixing it. I can't wait for preexisting conditions to be back

RT if you stand with Jeff and millions of other Americans whose lives have changed thanks to Obamacare. We can't let Republicans repeal it. 
your constituents don't want the ACA repealed. You work for us. #saveACA
The Republican plan had better be better or it is just political suicide
The ACA is collapsing because you're repealing it! It's not perfect but it's a huge improvement over what was available before (nothing!).
Without protecting our middle class, poor, and immigrants, AMERICA IS A COLLAPSING BRIDGE, AND YOU MADE IT SO.
And will you replace it with a better alternative that is not privatized? Shame on you.
Give up your free, taxpayer funded healthcare and then talk to us about eliminating important healthcare protections.Hypocrite
what is your replacement plan, senator?
Repair, not repeal.
65% of Tennesseans are against the repeal of ACA. Don't forget that you work for us.
@lisamurkowski And if you believe that he's has a bridge he will sell you, cheap. But wait, he is trying to sell you a bridge!
Metaphor only... still zero info and no plan on that replacement...
so FIX the bridge, don't blow it up and leave people with nothing!
If you don't like it, work on it, Amend it. But don't take it away and harm vulnerable people like my husband and son. I beg.
We need a bipartisan solution that improves both care and access. No repeal unless the replacement does both.
Close the road, direct people to swim the river, risk their lives and die, or fix the bridge? No brainer, but YOU DON'T CARE
ACA is not a failing system #KeepObamacare
are you serious?  You are pushing Americans off the goddamn bridge with bringing back pre-existing conditions.
I don't understand why Republicans are so gleefully happy about hurting so many. Shame on them and you.
if you must tear down the bridge, don't do it & leave people on the other side of the river. Replace without gap in coverage
That is actually what's happening, but it is what the GOP wants/demands you say.
I would like to see the affordable care act revised rather than replaced. Please think of us and not your party.
You are playing with our lives.
You need to read this, and then check your facts: http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/paul-ryan-faces-and-flunks-health-care-test …
You need to tell people the truth. I am your constituent and Aibhave called your office.
Actually, the ACA is NOT in. Death spiral. You are wrong. Enrollment has been increasing.
Fix the bridge instead of burning it down. Vote for your people, not for your party.
Stop lying to Americans. We know #Obamacare has helped millions and now you are trying to kill us! Call MOC folks.
Do U realize how popular you'd be if you fix ACA & oppose the authoritarian's mandate? TN peeps love USA not Russian puppets!
What has happened to the GOP? It's so frustrating to see our leaders putting party over principles.
Then propose a real plan, not just a fake one that's simply bailing out. Obamacare failing because of lack ins. co. control.
by rejecting the subsidies, you created the problems with the ACA. This TN resident wants you to support the ACA.
That would be one way to look at it, except your pants would be on fire
Sir, w/respect, without the years of having ACA we would not know the spots for repair.  Please ackwldg that. @SenBobCorker
...moving forward
I hope you & your like minded colleagues are happy to have destroyed my healthcare plan, the ACA. I will never let you forget!
Lies. You've screwed Tennesseans long enough. ACA was a real help and safety net to millions. I don't see how you Sleep. Time for last term
Yes he lies. Ran as the "Education Governor" and that's when the TN public education system began to be dismantled
God forbid we repair the bridge instead of knocking it down while it supports thousands of YOUR constituents. #savetheACA
So design and build a truly better bridge right next to it first, then you can demolish as much as you like.
and there are millions on the bridge that you are letting die!
You had 6 yrs, & 8 yrs of W before that to do SOMETHING and you did nothing. NOW you're talking about bridges???
Even dem's know it's an imperfect bridge, but fix the bridge instead of letting 20 million drown.
No1 will be worse off w/o GOVERNMENT HEALTH MANDATE LAWS OR TAXES. 
#FullRepeal #ACA will allow charity, & market competition
One way to think of Obamacare is as a burning safety net -- with the GOP holding the torch.
think of your people we need that insurance.. We are poor but not to poor to vote.
you are not telling the whole story. Facts Sen, Facts. Your using scare tactics again. Full repeal is unethical, fix it.
So you are going to knock down the bridge and leave everyone on it to suffer?
sorry we arent all fools.  You all rejected obamacare subsidies to make it more expensive so you could brainwash citizens
so let's blow up the bridge with people standing on it! great idea!
only because repairs were never attempted after the rollout.
Hell, Republicans have been chipping away at the legs of this bridge like beavers for the last 8 years.
ON that bridge are millions of people who will be dropped to their deaths.  Including many many citizens of TN.  Shame.
