You did this:
The Perkins Loan program is set to expire this week & half a million students stand to lose access to financial aid. Congress must swiftly pass the Perkins Loan Extension Act to avoid this! 
Without federal elections, US Citizens living in Puerto Rico pay federal taxes (SS, Medicare, & more), but generally not personal income tax
While letting The CHILDREN's HEALTHCARE INSURANCE PROGRAM expire?!?
He should be showing her his prison cell.  Awful politician.  Bad for TN. He's a typical "bought and paid" for Republican. Phony.
Did you take to time to explain that Puerto Rico is part of the US so she can remind her hubby?
AH let's try to impress the lady!
Why don't you ever wear appropriate clothing?  Or, do you only like the sex kitten look? What is that about?
I hope you had time to explain that Puerto Rico is part of the US and requires assistance immediately. Maybe she can let her dad know.
(2)I live in TN and I vote!!! Ivanka is a waste of tax dollars and - what EXACTLY are you promoting as GOP
Why don't you show her a draft of your "not running again " speech ???
Did you happen to remind her of your lies about repealing #ACA?
#naglamar
Tennesseans want to know how to best support Puerto Rico. Could you provide leadership on this?
(3)conservative?? Conservative fiscal GOP my foot.
https://twitter.com/jesseberney/status/915279135320285184 …
Kiss ass!!!
Lol, all you do is sit around and look at your bullshit until a wealthy donor calls you and tells you what to do to help them.
(1) PLS READ ALL COMMENTS- Not one has positive to say Bout this. WHY lamar?? She is not official and we are angry!!
This will make a great campaign ad: against YOU. Go do your job, stop kissing Trump's ass, save Puerto Rico
Please support our president ! He is real !
Why did you do that? Buy your wife some overpriced foreign made dresses?
What qualifies her to be part of this administration?
Did you at least get my fiance flag flown over the capital today?
Oh, good grief. Talk about being tone deaf.
Nepotism takes a tour
Really?   How very sad that this is something you think is worth tweeting about Sir.  Puerto Rico, perhaps?
But did she sit in your chair?
Wipe that brown stuff off you nose before it drys and won't come off!
Why is she even in DC?  #Useless
Stop playing games and get to repealing and replacing Obamacare. The Dems aren't going to help "fix" Obamacare because it can't be fixed.
I hope you plan to pay back the part of this day that did not benefit the State of TN  I don't want to visualize you doing lunch with Lolita
Why would you host her for lunch?  What exactly is her role in our government or in the White House?
I wouldn't brag about that.
What does she want now?

Who the hell cares!  Did she show you her private e-mails too???  Now that would delight TN citizens!
I'm certain she was fascinated.
Tell me again, what's her position in the government? She's like the "Princess" of our new monarchy? And you're what---court jester?
You know he used the pick up line "Are you from Memphis because you're the only TEN I SEE."
#CHIP EXPIRES TOMORROW @SenBobCorker
Hope she reminded you to REAUTHORIZE #CHIP nearly 9 MILLION children depend on
@SenBobCorker you guys need to get with the @SenateGOP and put a stop to the @POTUS from wasting taxpayer money traveling every weekend.
Whoope!
The wrong Senator is retiring 
I'm curious. Did she reach out to you for a lunch invitation?
Yet you won't meet with your constituents. Sellout.
Resign
you sure know how to entertain a lady
Are you guys kidding? TN wants you saving #PuertoRico, not looking at history books.
Guess you have to be in DC all the time. We all hate you here in TN. All my years living here, not one nice thing was ever said about you.

Lol.
Lamar - she is just another scam artist like her Dad.  Throw her out & do something positive.
I certainly hope you used small words.
Was she stoked about the billions in tax cuts she'll personally get under Don's tax plan?
She's a knock-off designer of handbags made in sweatshops who asks her "daddy" for permission to do things. Not one to be proud to meet.
What is her role in the White House? Guess your lunch date kept you from reauthorizing #CHIP for millions of children or your job.
I've been trying to have a meeting with you for a year. She's got money, but I live in TN and VOTE.
Well she’s got the money.
Taxpayers have to pay for all Ivanka vacations ,her nanny tax and her lunch too Oh and billion dollar tax cuts for her family
Did she email anyone?
Did you ask her about the emails? #LockHerUp
More wasted tax dollars. Add it to the $400,000 PRICE Stole from the taxpayers! And, Trump/Price r sabotaging ACA! Put an end to this NOW!

San Juan Mayor, @CarmenYulinCruz: "We are dying...and you are killing us with your inefficiency and bureaucracy." 
What about longterm aid to PR/USVI, repairing ACA, a clean DREAMer's Act, stop proposed tax cuts for the rich. DO NO HARM TO WE THE PEOPLE!
Tennessee porn!!
I bet you were! I don't give a rats behind.
Oh I get it This has to do with that other illegal agency the Department of Education which was supposed to be dissolved. It's Lamars baby
Why?
She has to actually visit Tennessee to see the "Hangin' Tree" monument though?
What for? She's not a legal government employee why are you wasting our tax dollars on her?
$$$$$$$$

NEW: Trump kids' ski vacation left taxpayers on the hook for security costs of at least $330,000, CBS News learns http://cbsn.ws/2fxrj2W  
What did she make of that calf weaner muzzle from @MuseumofApp ?
Smart, proactive woman. I know a bunch, personally, thankfully.
Uh-huh. The medical profession is directly responsible for the horrible opioid epidemic. I was praising strong women. FU
Good luck, you'll need some.
That had to be a wasted lunch
Lamar, don't mediate between and Ivanka! I demand her out. Period. Tatiana cc: @POTUS
