and hopefully you will be voted out in 2018 because you are not good for the country
HOw is she going to make it better? Did she for Detroit? NO she did not
IF this is truly your best judgement, u r unwell.  there are thousands in TN who disagree. Perhaps it's time to retire.
you're a shame to our kids!
You are delusional or out of touch with today's schools and what it takes to provide quality education and so is she!
@GOPHELP Has no experience.Never dealt with Student loans.Could't answer questions never had to borrow for college.
I question your judgement.
For someone who can't answer simply questions, who has no experience with the public school system? Sure, great.
no she wouldn't be.  How can a candidate with NO EXPERIENCE in public education be the BEST CANDIDATE??? #alternativefacts
As a former Education Secretary yourself, you should know more than anyone how unqualified and unfit Devos is. Shame on you.
she sucked in Michigan. How much did she give your campaign? #draintheswamp
So you're just done with representing the people who put you in office, right?
you are obviously bought then...she is clearly unqualified, doesn't understand federal education law, wants guns in schools...
He gets a YUGE chunk of change from her. Of course he thinks she's great.
your judgment is wrong. She will destroy IDEA and public schools - on your watch.
how will she be excellent? She knows nothing #theresistance #StopDeVos #holdthefloor #NoonDeVos
In what ways will she be great? Please share this mystery with the rest of the country. Oh wait. She is a great donor. Got it!
I so disagree and wish you would reconsider.
, you lost my respect.
devos will be a cancer on education in this country. she has no business being in charge of the student loan program.
It's your judgement we worry about.
your judgement is compromised by money and politics. DeVos is a terrible choice. You are not listening to your constituents.
HOW? She is NOT qualified! I have been a teacher for 30 years and I am shocked! Pay for Play is all that matters to you!
If you help confirm someone so unqualified to be Sec. Of Ed., we teachers will never forget. We QUALIFIED teachers.
We have called many times. Not asked for my return info. And told you will vote to confirm anyway. #TOWNHALL #COWARD  #IMPEACH
I do not support Ms DeVos.  Please update your voicemail system!
I don't think she would pass the highly qualified test that teachers have to pass.
then your judgment totally sucks.
isn't this all about you being the voice of the people? LISTEN TO THEM.
she isn't qualified though, she is anti public education and went to private schools her entire life!
Your judgement is seems terrible. Listen to the judgement of educators who KNOW the needs! Vote no, ya stubborn old man!
#wrong #DumpDevos #standup4education #wrongforamerica DeVos is clueless about education #SAYNO #RUBought2
Fraud in Charter Schools seldom gets investigated.  Public Funds taken from Schools that need it. https://populardemocracy.org/sites/default/files/Charter-School-Fraud_Report_web.pdf …
DeVos family $$ contributions to Lamar Alexander's campaigns total what?
You're kidding, right?  Teachers have to be highly qualified, shouldn't the sec of ed be, too.  Shameful that you support her
this is what you are doing
why do you tweet yourself to convince your self it is true?
You will not hold a senate seat after the election in 2020, in my judgment, and an important improvement for our country.
"No, Thank You!"
Then there is very clearly something wrong with your judgment.
Say no to DeVos. She's totally unqualified (unless the ability to buy off pols is the only qualification you care about).
No one is against charter schools, why are you against public ones? Find your conscience, Devos wants to end public education
zNo way!! She's against public schools.  Find a Democrat!!
Majority of American Families in public school say #NoDevos put Children before politics.
in this case your judgment is flawed. Vote no on DeVos.
With respect, what are the qualities that make her qualified?
Just remember, Lamar. Your vote for DeVos will be the end of your political career. We the People guarantee it #VoteWisely
, you couldn't be more wrong. Are you actually listening to your constituents?
You are wrong and Betsy Devos bought her way to this position. She isn't fit to do the job. We need a strong educated pick.
Dear Senator, either your judgement is flawed or you have intentionally sold out the children of Tennessee.
Terrible choice.
I am embarrassed that you still support #BetsyDeVos. You obviously do not support #specialneedschildren.
you're a complete sellout.
think again how about the students in rural areas of TN? Can't wait to say former senator from the great state of Tennessee
Because it's important that we learn earth is 6000 years old and Flintstones was a documentary.
I respectfully disagree.Ms. Devos has demonstrated a lack of commitment to public education. Pls vote against her confirmation
you cannot really believe what you are saying. I guess our kids really are for sale.  Shameful.
All she's taught so far is that politicians don't have to pretend they're above bribes anymore. #DumpDevos #AnyoneButYou2020
Poor judgement on DeVos. Unqualified! This constituent of yours will be voting
You must have missed her committee hearing because I can't believe you'd support her after hearing her uneducated musings!
devastated to hear this. And even more so bc most of your constituents are urging you to vote NO.
Sounds like dementia has set in for this once noble man.
she's unqualified and buying a cabinet seat.  Vote no on Devos
Sir at this point your judgement is questionable ! Could she teach your grandchildren?
is your judgement that poor or is it the 100s of millions of $ she and her family have given the GOP the reason? Be honest.
Every parent, child and teacher in TN should call-in sick in protest if @BetsyDeVos is confirmed. #TNStandagaintDevos
you are delusional. This woman literally has ZERO qualifications for this job. Opinions+money do not = expertise.
you should be following the judgement of your constituents, not your personal one. You have failed Tennessee.
@GOPHELP are u kidding me?  How do u sleep at night?
Absolutely despicable! How can you stand there and lie? Children deserve better
shame on you despicable anti-education!  Please Vote no on DeVos! https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2017/01/24/hundreds-of-students-alumni-from-devoss-christian-college-oppose-her-selection-as-education-secretary/?utm_term=.6ca8c53a35a1#DeVosFacts … #NoDevos
if you really felt this way, you would get your phone fixed and talk to the people.
@GOPHELP Sir, you are completely misguided & must not care for the children of this country.DeVos is an unqualified lawbreaker
Do YOU have children in the public school system? Sir you are an embarrassment. Please LISTEN to your constituents!!!
is a former #secretaryofeducation. No doubt sees #BetsyDeVos as a way to finish what he started. #dumbingdown
History will record the choice you make for the children of America.
Our country already lags behind china and others in maths/science/ext why make sure we fully fail? #noDevos #CountryOverParty
@GOPHELP Your judgement is wrong Senator!! You need to do your homework!!  She has hurt Michigan education.
much of what you said does not defend #DeVosconfirmation but states why she should NOT be SOE. She worked against #publiced
, @SenatorDurbin actually listens to his constituents. You should try it.
so sad that you believe this. Ur phone line is off the hook. $$$$ over constituents=disgusted!
.@SenAlexander  @BetsyDeVos  @GOPHELP  #BetsyDeVos  #DumpDevos  #DeVosFacts  #DeVosVote  #SaveOurSchools  http://hechingerreport.org/senate-committee-approves-betsy-devos-thoughtless-proponent-of-the-privatization-of-american-education/ …

my husband walked with u when you ran for gov the 1st time, we've always supported u. Don't ignore those who put you in DC
Please think about the children of our country that will be harmed with her in office
Please listen to the people that put you in office, we do not w a nth Betsy Devos in office
Americans can't afford her plan to privatize public education.
thru Freedom of Info Act, release # of calls, emails, VMs from TN voters demanding NO DeVos; we need accountability from you
the teachers and parents in TN overwhelmingly do not want DeVos! Our votes put you in office! Listen to your constituents!
She still has ZERO teaching experience.  I look forward to calling your various offices on Monday, numerous times.
Please vote "No" on DeVos. Surely there is someone with ANY experience with public schools to better fill this position.
She's unqualified in every possible way; as a former Education Secretary, you should see that. #noDevos #standupforus
@GOPHELP Well, sir, then your judgment is in question by many of your voters.
Give the world a break!
Hopefully, one more Republican Senator with integrity will emerge and join Senators Collins and Murkowski to deny DeVos SecEd.
@GOPHELP DeVos is unqualified! #DumpDeVos
#disappointed
VOTE NO ON BETSY DEVOS!
.@SenAlexander How many zeroes are on the checks she wrote you? If I have to be highly qualified, she does too. #DumpDevos
You work for the people! The people say vote NO to DeVos! #primaried2018 #StopDeVos #WeThePeople
You're an intelligent man. Nothing will convince me that you truly believe she's the best candidate to improve education.
Sir, your constituents disagree. You were elected by Tennessee and Tennessee says vote no.
#failed #WomensMarchNeverEnds You will fail our children, & thus our future, if you vote YES on Devos. Stand up for America!
#noDevos Betsy Devos will be a disaster.  The NEA strongly opposes her. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/08/a-sobering-look-at-what-betsy-devos-did-to-education-in-michigan-and-what-she-might-do-as-secretary-of-education/ …
I am an educator. My colleagues and I are unconvinced by your propaganda. Stop.
DeVos supports conservative/ring wing/intolerant/discriminatory foundations & organizations. Facts are facts. #NoDeVos
DeVos not mainstream, you should step aside listen to @DianeRavitch
Bet this lie was a hard pill to swallow.
Betsy DeVos would not be hired today to teach alongside my wife in a TN school. DO NOT CONFIRM HER FOR ES. Answer your phone!
this woman has no experience and detests public schools; her ideas are backwards and dangerous
Perhaps @SenAlexander should talk to some of the educators in his state. He’ll find they do not share his opinion.
Sen. Alexander on Betsy DeVos – “She’ll be an excellent Education Secretary, in my judgment, and an important one for this country.” 
then your judgement is in question. History will remember you. Be better.
sadly you just care about the money her and her family gave you and not the other 99% of Americans
there is a reason people were protesting outside your office last week, you lackey
what is WRONG with you
you are supposed to represent TN not Washington. Devos is unqualified and you know it. #NotoDeVos #NotoDeVos  Answer the phone
No she won't, and you should know the dangers of vouchers as they erode protection for TN's most vulnerable students. #noDevos
Shame on you Senator Alexander. Not the willl of your constituents. Bowing to narcissist in chief, selling kids down the river
. Why do you continue to ignore your own constituents on this manner.  Answer your phone.
No
your judgement is WRONG
You know better than this. The people of Tennessee and America deserve better than this. You've failed us.
then your judgement is extremely questionable. She is unqualified, period. We vote no.
No, sir. I am appalled that you have failed to stand up for the children of America.
How can you propagate this?    Clearly unqualified  other than her donation history.   We won't forget.  No more downline!!
once again you're choosing party over country with this endorsement of Blobde Palin. How much did her bro "contribute" to you?
...then I have serious doubts about your judgement... Apparently it's for sale#VoteNoDeVos #PublicSchoolsMatter
Lamar Alexander now in the basement of rational thought. @CNNPolitics @ChrisMurphyCT @SenSchumer  How much $ her PAC donate?
Sorry, she will not and your legacy will be tarnished!
Be reasonable! Betsy DeVos completely unqualified. Vote no for the children!
I disagree with your judgement on this one.
War you frum? The edukation state....Tennessee? lol
No. This is misguided. She is not qualified. Vote NO.
enjoy your last term. You are not listening to your constituents.
Amen! I've voted for you for years! You're not listening to the people who elected you. I will not vote 4 u 2018
you have failed America's children. #FAILED
Tennessee voters are watching and will remember in 2020
I agree. I think we need to clear house in the next elections. #timefornewsenatorstn @SenBobCorker
You sat through her hearings & are ignoring what you saw - putting #partybeforecountry again @ expense of our kids #DumpDevos
wow your judgment just lost my vote in the next election. If I have to be highly qualified to teach. She should be too!
.@SenAlexander "Important" maybe, but in a cautionary sense. You're still not listening.
#noDeVos #PublicEdNotForSale
no!
-- "In my judgment," then clearly your judgment is not solid enough for you to be a Senator from my state. #NoDevos #NoLamar

answer some phone calls too
The school system in @SenAlexander's home state #Tennessee ranks 36 out of 50 nationally in 2016, and his bankrolled "judgment" matters.
You have poor judgment. Weren't you at the hearings? She knows nothing re public education. Couldn't answer basic questions.
oppose Betsy DeVos. I am your constituent in Brentwood TN.
How can you even?  Have to wonder if she held a democratic card &  nominated by Obama, would you say the same? #midterms2018
SHAME ON YOU
you're awful.
If you vote for her, despite what your constituents say, we WILL remember this in the next election!
I'm disappointed that you keep making flawed points without hearing the counterpoints of your constituents. Answer your phones
She won't be "excellent". She will serve to kill public education and further disenfranchise teachers. Vote NO, please!
Her history/actions say otherwise. She pay you to say this?
I am greatly disappointed in you for supporting this nomination. You are better than this. Listen to TN teachers.
Typical pol, lying through his teeth
...really???? You were in the room and heard her ignorance and questionable honesty first hand. Are you afraid to do right?sad
I'm tired of being nice about this. You are a deaf fool. We oppose her because she's horrible, not because of party politics.
devos is not qualified to lead education in America #StopDeVos
She has no experience. She is not qualified. Vote no! She is buying her seat and you are selling it to the highest bidder.
Not too bright are you?
She didn't prepare for a scheduled Senate Hearing. Why do you think she's prepared to run a Federal Agency?
Sir, think about your legacy. This moment in history doesn't reflect your opinion on DeVos. Quite the contrary. Opposed to her
, no she won't. Pls. protect my students. They deserve the best. Listen to @PattyMurray . #NotoDeVos
NO to DeVos!!!! No No No No. you need to listen to those of us who have children in public schools! #NoDeVos
You are out of touch. Your judgment is faulty. Please have independent thoughts. You are a surrogate for POTUS.
DeVos is unqualified and her ideas will harm the public education democracy requires. Please listen to the people and vote no.
Sir, how much money has DeVos given you? You're more intelligent sir. You are being PARTISAN. Calls don't reflect this I know
Please no on DeVos.
vote no!
12 senators led by Lamar betrayed our children by confirming the incompetent plagiarist Betsy DeVos. Does yours have a spine??
why are you not listening to the people that elected you? You represent us, not your party
sending paid promoted tweets to your constituents who adamantly oppose this is counter productive
Your constituents cannot wait to vote you out.
Shame on you for supporting charter schools over public schools. Shame on you for taking bribes from billionaire DeVos
Thank you for doing what is best for Americans.
we didn't elect you  to represent your judgement, we elected you to represent ours!
NOT MY SENATOR
But your constituents think she is unqualified. How many Tennesseans have reached out to you? You work for us, Sir.
