you are Ave a fool   I curse you. Lamar Alexander!
She has done nothing to help neither low-income nor public school students. Would be a detriment to public schools.
#alternativefacts #voteNO on @BetsyDeVos
She has only hurt interested heart not ours
Few Americans have done as much as DeVos to hell business instead of children.
All while stealing from public schools!
ask Michigan teachers, parents, and closed charters about that.
She will embarrass you as Trump is embarrassing you. Stop suppression of science, and the press.
did you take up trump lying habitat
.@SenAlexander You obvs have zero clue what is going on in schools. 
Let America decide on DeVos....how about another round of questions from Senate Cmte on Health, Education, Labor & Pensions
that is most certainly NOT true, and I can't imagine that you *really* believe it. As a TN resident, PLEASE don't confirm her.
so our public schools in tennessee are  not good enough for low income students?
Few Americans have devised a way to prevent low-income students to get a better education, & make MONEY AT IT! Go $$$$
Name something she has done to help low income kids.
DISGUSTING.
You are letting money cloud your judgment...you are selling your soul to those who want to destroy public education #traitor2publicschools
ask the folks in MI they would disagree and have you just don't listen to the people. You are on the record and we see it
You are ridiculous. @BetsyDeVos is totally UNQUALIFIED!
Patently untrue. You are a #liar @SenAlexander America's school teachers are fighting for kids. You fight for an inept donor. #noDevos
False
that is an alternate truth & u no it. she has destroyed those schools. why do u lie 2 us. do u really believe we R all stupid!
and those schools and students are worse off than if they were public schools. Reality vs Alternate Facts.
alternative facts.
This is obviously an alternate fact. Geez! Give us an example!
Seriously?! Your rubber stamps & propaganda are concerning. I'll be looking for a new Senator from TN when the time comes. #Lackingcourage
please don't vote for her. She is not right for this nation.
What a bunch of bullshit that is!!!
...yeah in an alternate universe! #alternativefacts
she has obviously donated mass amounts of money to Lamar. We will be working on removing you.

-Tennessee Republican
for example? Look, if you won't re-evaluate your stance on this at least stop spreading lies. It just isn't true.
your TN constituents disagree.
No matter how many free Amway products DeVos has promised you, she's still unqualified. #DeVosconfirmation
I teach low income memphis students.  She has not helped Michigan students w charter schools.
this is disappointing. I thought you were better than this.
I named my oldest son, Alexander, after you 17 years ago. My late father was your #1 fan. Please don't confirm #BetsyDeVos!
By taking money away from other low income students who don't meet "criteria". Look to the teachers in this country. Ask them!
two words... Girzzly Bears...again...what do I know?  I am just a teacher...
#RepublicanParentsAgainstDeVos Only choiceN DeVosCharters is4racist corp owners who choose bestStudents & refuse poor students
how? What are the results?
You're nothing but a shill for your Kremlin backed boss. You should resign.
her Michigan record is terrible! If you support this woman you lose my vote when you come up for re-election.
#alternativefact http://www.bravenewfilms.org/stopdevos 
I'm happy with @WCSedu. We don't need the "better schools" MI has to choose from! Vote No on @BetsyDeVos!
thank you Mr. Alexander I love having you & Mr. Corker as my senators.
#altfacts from you too?  Additonal questioning was abt competency, not party. Thanks for selling out our kids. Who pays you?!
She is as unqualified as it gets.
Ridiculous! Please allow another hearing on DeVos! The public is being denied a chance to hear her answers on vital issues!
She's unqualified to be Secretary of Education. Your support for her is a slap in the face to all of your constituents
Do you actually believe this? She's a disgrace to the position for which she's nominated.
#BetsyDeVosHearing Uninformed candidate out to destroy public school system! Billionaire! Guns in Schools! @SenCorker
Then why hasn't that choice helped Michigan schools?  You are choosing party over good sense & helping to create a disaster.
I also feel she should answer questions regarding interests in education-related companies that she will NOT divest from.
Saying "better" doesn't make it true. The statistics don't lie, her charter schools have done much worse. You're disgraceful.
you should be ashamed. Oh that's right you have none.
Evidence please.
I've Done more for low income kids in my 18 yrs in teaching then her. Your FAKE NEWS! It's disgusting.U insulted all teachers
U will destroy the Teaching profession @ education will regress.OWN IT!Teacher shortage guaranteed. Union or no union.Sell out
you have tons of comments on here All Teachers that disagree . We the Parents @ TEACHERS  , you should be listening too.
if you were on the School Board of a metro school system, would you hire #DeVos as superintendent?
please tell us what she's done to help better our PUBLIC SCHOOLS and what are her qualifications relating to PUBLIC SCHOOLS?
Betsy DeVos is a HORRIBLE choice for Dept. of Education. And you do realize you're up for re-election next year right?
you're a sell out to public education . Disgusting ! Data shows in Michigan she's failed! Money over students SMH!
bull!  This woman knew absolutely nothing. And already proved she has no empathy for educational opp. of disabled children
Yes, if it created a profit for her. Let's get a creative educator for the post who has REAL school experience. I'll volunteer
, you are a liar. She is unfit and unqualified and has destroyed Michigan's schools. #BetsyDeVos #SwampCabinet
Could you remind us how much your salary is? I'm wondering how much a soul is worth nowadays.
#alternativefactsarenotfacts
WRONG! She has damaged #publiced. She has no #IDEA!
Said no one from Michigan who know her politics, money donations and lack of support for public education. 
Will she be issuing these students shotguns to fend off those pesky grizzlies?
homeschooling for all
she did nothing
I would love to have a detailed list of all she has done to help ALL students to succeed. vouchers help segregate schools!

Seriously? For God's sake, Lamar. Singing praises about exp that doesn't exist DOES NOT make her qualified.
What a load of crap.
you have been getting so many calls about DeVos that your mailbox is full & your lines are busy. stop lying to yourself & us.
keep it going fight for your children if you don't no one will
I work with low income students. Are u kidding me? Can u stand there and lie to all of America. She's #unqualified #corrupt
You are ridiculous! The Michigan school system is a disaster because of her.
have you actually looked at Education numbers in Michigan?!?!  It's horrible. She's horrible and we all know it sir. Stop.
what has she done?  Details please!  You are a Trump puppet.  Not a man of the PEOPLE.

That's ridiculous we will not not support her and if you do we won't support you
