.@SenAlexander I've been trying to reach your office for days. Why are you blocking your constituents??
listen to the people who KNOW public education - your public education teachers who've made it their LIFE!
because he was qualified. Similar to you. Unlike @BetsyDeVos. #filltheswamp #dts
who gives a crap over petty questioning numbers.  NO to Betsy DeVos.
with all due respect Sir, show some integrity and dignity to your constituents.
I guess you should be upset that the Reps did not ask more questions. Quit with the comparisons.
you're leaving out that she responded with 1400 laughably bad answers. Step up and lead again Senator. Please.
Don't think that's his PT Will. It's about Dems double standard & hypocrisy
Your point?
The Dem's questions are a sign of concern about DeVos. She is not qualified & you have a conflict of interest with her $.
Listen, @SenAlexander, you must be better than this argument…

Devos is unqualified.

Only experience she has is undermining public schools.
In light of her qualifications and her attitude regarding pubic schools, they have many many more reasons to question her.
because they know she has NO clue!! We will NOT STOP FIGHTING HER. #DumpDevos
All she did was restate the questions and say she will be 'dedicated.' we want answers, not fuming half-assed bullshit.
DeVos is so obviously unqualified.  There are better options out there, though not big donors who deliver a swing state.
DeVos has no educator background & doesn't understand basic policy. Please don't normalize her as a qualified nominee.
she's going to be in charge of people who went to college to become teachers you old windbag!
and your point?  A few answers go a long way! #nojob4udeVos
I don't like the fact that her experience with pro-choice schools didn't result in better schools. #noDevos
I thought the argument for pro-choice schools is that it strengthens ALL schools? That is not true in MI.
that hasn't happened in MI.  @BetsyDeVos  hasn't improved school performance in MI - look it up!
that's because DeVos is ridiculously unqualified.
I hope this is the end of your political career! You have ignored your constitutes, and I hope it cost you your career
put your head back on and act like someone who knows something about education! Ms. Devos is SO wrong! Shame on you!
hmmm, i wonder why? possibly because Devos is under qualified to such a degree that +1400 questions are still not enough?
She was asked 1400 questions because she didn't know what she was talking about.  She proved it repeatedly.
vote no
So qualified candidates get few questions, while totally UNqualified candidates get lost of questions? Eerie.
So you're saying Demos are more thoroughly vetting.
Why then didn't you, as a Republican, ask King more questions? Perhaps he was actually qualified when DeVos is not.
This is incredibly petty. Do the right thing and vote no on DeVos!
why didn't the GOP take this as seriously as the Dems?
like y'all didn't block @BarackObama on every single issue. Suck it up butter cup. #DumpTruckOrBust
she never answered one of them!!!  We deserve answers.
because she is not qualified
and she answered very, very few with accuracy or clarity. Maybe they were simply trying to give her the benefit of the doubt.
it's because she has no experience. No qualifications. True Facts and not Alternative Facts!!!!!!
because king was qualified.
Really? Should we be careful not to bother the nominees with too many bothersome questions? Would that that be too difficult?
Republicans were denied the opportunity to ask King ZERO questions. You're actively impeding the process to push her through
They're asking all these questions because she's a QUESTIONABLE CANDIDATE.
because...Davis is dangerous!!!..duh!!
stop this Wall... I will not pay additional taxes for this and this is not where money needs to be spent
False dilemma fallacy. You act as if DeVos is the only person for this job. Find a qualified person. http://www.nizkor.org/features/fallacies/false-dilemma.html …
perhaps because she isn't qualified.
Sir, Why do # of questions matter? DeVos is wholly unqualified & perhaps you see that each  addt'l question further proves it?
Because she is obviously unqualified. Always thought you were pro-education.  Turns out you're a Republican hack.
Does not matter Lamar. Problem is that DeVos cannot answer GERMAIN questions.  Dems did not ask 1,400 BTW.
as a Maryville College alumna, I beg you: please stop. Listen. No to DeVos
bc King was qualified!!! Why are not getting this??
I tried to call you. Your voice mail is full. Probably all support right? No? PS it isn't all Democrats.

-Republican
thank you for the bipartisan support 
sure thing. Right us right regardless of party.
Lamar, it's because she is not qualified.Let the committee fully vet her. What are you hiding?
Please respect the "little people". We also have valid opinions. Those of us in TN would appreciate you showing you value us.
.@SenAlexander your phones are still down. I'd love to discuss my views with you on this & other things. You must have failing phone. SAD!
as a constituent of yours, of course they're asking questions. She has a sketchy history and had a terrible hearing
How many questions was Merrick Garland asked?
King had an extensive track record in public education. DeVos has no experience whatsoever - everything is a ? re: her record
it's because she is unqualified
1) Republicans are negligent; 2) Dems offered normal person; 3) DeVos is unqualified + criminally stupid. Betting TN thinks 3.
Good! So you're saying Dems are more thoughtful questioners? Rep should be less concerned about tit for tatt comparisons.
You seem to be overly concerned with the number of questions being asked. I'm more interested in the answers.
because she's not the right person for the job.
why so perplexed? This is bipartisan objection. She's not qualified. Simple.
I have such respect 4 U as a leader - Inc as Sec of Ed.  Please don't let us down.  Do the right thing. She is not qualified.
The American people demand a second round, or better yet, a candidate fit for the job. Donating millions to GOP doesn't count
Submit a questionable candidate and expect a LOT of questions. The people are not stupid.
Maybe it's due to her lack of experience, views on grizzlies, donation history, etc.  But, don't know.  You shut it all down!
Really? It's because she has no experience & lacks qualifications. Also she has staggering conflicts. @senwarren @alfranken
because Grizzlies. Her appointment is absolutely ridiculous. She is blatantly unqualified and we deserve better.
BECAUSE SHE HAS NO QUALIFICATIONS & KING WAS A TEACHER AND PRINCIPAL WITH ADVANCED DEGREES IN EDUCATION
