.@SenAlexander This makes a nifty sound bite (esp the common core part), but in practice this will limit our nation's global competitiveness
.@SenAlexander Without some national standards, we'll undermine our children's ability to compete in a global marketplace.
And stripping public schools of funds everywhere
Right! Public schools don't have enough funding as it is!
Too much spent feeding the test making companies.  Imagine what we could do with those MILLIONS!
PREACH!!
#wow#TNteachersindisbelief
is a disgrace to Tennessee. Your support of DeVos was an embarrassment to our fine state. Listen to the people
#DeVosDisgrace
that guy who helped put an illiterate rich bitch in charge of Education. #resist
you must be so proud of your leadership--good thing you had thebVP to bail you out.
There are so many negative comments on this post. If any of you voted for Trump, this is what you asked for. Enjoy.
@TearsaSmith You sold us out, our public ed out. Crony capitalism is all it is!
big talk means nothing! You are WRONG time will Prove it kids will suffer shame on you! Hope you enjoy $$
You forgot, no more public education. Betsy's home state, Michigan, has done worse since her "help". Thanks Lamar
It's hard to believe this nomination was worth fighting so hard against the people in your own state. I lament your legacy,Sir
mayb you should know Common  Core never was a Washington mandate. Your nomination of DeVos is shameful & purely political
dude you already sponsored & passed a law that does that. Do you remember ESSA from Dec. '15?? You blindly backed the party...
no more having someone with a non partisan brain to manage ed. You should be ashamed.
Saving this..
very disappointed in our decision to support such an unqualified candidate.  Shame on you for not supporting education.
@WRCB vouchers are one of her core principles.  Did you not understand that?
you are toast just like American public education.Devoss will destroy but you will pay a price too
you know she is FOR vouchers right? What exactly where you smoking when you read about her policies?
It's a sad day for America and Americans everywhere. Every single campaign ran against the GOP will bury you all for this.
@SenBobCorker I will begin now to support anyone with a pulse to make sure your services are not retained come your elections
the whole country can be like the Wild West she has created in Detroit. Perfect. #NoOnDeVos
@TearsaSmith Also, you ignored your constituents urgent calls.  I voted for YOU, you work for US
The only reason she got the position is the money she donates to the GOP.  We will remember in 2018 and vote you out. Traitor.
hope you enjoy your term
. Sir, you need to add that our children chances of achieving their educational goals are greatly diminished. Thank you.
No more federal protections for disabled students. Man, that'll make WAY easier to ignore! ... you're a jerk.
you have sold out. #shameonyou
quit talking, you are embarrassing everyone
Perfect! Keep the believers  more ignorant! Keep them in their places, that way you and cronies can stay in power!
you just destroyed the public school system. Clear your voice mail and quit ignoring your constituents.
Hoooray!
you didn't need a speech; all you had to say was, "I'm a spineless sell-out who was bought by corrupt bribery"
With your own vote, you destroyed the wonderful legacy you built for education. Now you'll be remembered for it's destruction
shame on you. you're fucking out. two thumbs down
With DeVos, you have demonstrated your weasel status for all time. You are no friend of education.
why was she chosen?
How will schools be held accountable? How do we know if low-income kids are truly helped?
Money and party over country.  Shameful.  Never been someone less qualified.
sad to see you sell out my home state's kids. Go visit a public school instead of taking donations.
Awaking TN constits is good. Don't mess with our kids, which also includes a clean environment 4 them 2 live in as well as ed.
By the way, how much did DeVos donate to your reelections? You are a sellout! You should be voted OUT!
this sums it up:
You should be ashamed of yourself! I will go door to door showing people what you voted for - you don't care about TN!
You and Corker are finished.  Your constituents are looking on in horror.  You harmed our kids this time - no forgiveness!
I will vote and contribute to any opponent who runs against you.  I will go door to door giving flyers to show your corruption
What a joke! The woman was pathetic in her hearing. Unprepared, knew nothing. GOP putting politics ahead of country-again
when she fails we will remember you and this rhetoric. She has money, she might even care but she is unqualified and you know.
playing politics with childhood education. Sad. Deplorable.
I will be donating to whoever runs against you and will be campaigning for them as well. You have let down the children of TN
Your name goes down as an enabler of corruption on a scale never before seen.  SHAME! SHAME! SHAME! SHAME!
I live in TN and I vote. I will remember this come Election Day.
we will remember this senator. You've sold schools to uphold your party you work for Tennessee not the Republican Party!
.@SenAlexander So many of your voters are disappointed. Tennessee education will suffer because of your vote. Because of you.
you sold out TN children for party politics. Shame on you!
I read your medium article. Disgraceful. You have truly no clue about what's best. I'd curse. But it's too late.
You lost my vote
Also, no Title IX protection for campus sexual assault victims
By voting for DeVos, you lost my vote and the votes of millions of Tennessee teachers and their families.
@WRCB We thank you for you votes....our kids will get better care!!!!
You sold out our children. Your constituents will remember.
Thank you for voting for DeVos and for children.
you're an absolute disappointment to the state of TN
excelentt & I  many here in PR get he message since one third of our Ead budget is fed funds.
Can't wait for 2020. Tennessee loves its public schools, and you've just proved that you blatantly don't represent us.
You're a disgrace, and you've sold us out. Voters will remember that you chose money over our childrens' education.
This was your chance to do the right thing, not the GOP thing. Voters will remember. Read these responses, you messed up.
 not ok
and this is a good thing?????#publiceducation
Thanks for continually letting TN down. You're getting great at it.
you did not represent your constituents
@SenatorTimScott #senatorsforsale
@WRCB so ready for her to get started! No more common core!!!
You were elected to be a voice for TN where schools are in need. Congratulations, w/@BetsyDeVos you just made it worse. #shame
hope it was worth selling your soul. You know what you did.

Shame on you, Mr. Senator. You, of all people, know better.

Go Vols.
@WRCB you sold out Tennessee again.  Time for your old ass to leave Washington .
@WRCB @SenBobCorker My kids are grown but I pledge to vote against you both & give financial support to your opponents.
- I am ashamed of you. Utterly ashamed. Kiss Washington goodbye. You won't be representing TN much longer.
You are dead to me - no vote for you ever again for any office. BTW, please come to Nashville for a Town Hall. Waiting.
@SenBobCorker  You sold our children's future. You ignored constituents. How do you sleep? Can't wait to vote you out.
You didn't listen to your constituents. You voted for more campaign funds and not for the people.
.@SenAlexander Now we work to remove YOU from office. Shame on you. Shame. Enjoy your last term.
shame on you!  My child with disabilities needs someone who understands IDEA.
I hope we can focus on teaching and stop all the ridiculous mandates that non teachers believe are useful.
I will happily vote against you every damn chance you give me. You chose money over your constituents. You're disgusting
Crooked criminal. Bought and paid for fool.
yeeeah. Alright. It's time to get you out of office.
Just had a great idea! Sellin' my momma's Memphis house and using proceeds to donate to whoever runs against you and Corker!
@GOPHELP  You betrayed the American people. The GOP will pay BIGLY.
And basically no more public education, but apparently that doesn't matter to you and your Repub colleagues. Shame on you.
shame on you for this vote. I used to respect you. This says it all
DeVos Confirmation Makes Immigrants America’s Only Source of Educated People - The New Yorker http://www.newyorker.com/?p=3311693&mbid=nl_020717%20Borowitz%20Newsletter%202%20(1)&CNDID=19859911&spMailingID=10383754&spUserID=MTMzMTc5NzE4NzEwS0&spJobID=1100581540&spReportId=MTEwMDU4MTU0MAS2 …
and no more senate for you! #resist
you are pitiful and history will remember you as a pathetic sell out. Can't wait to replace you.
we will happily make sure he is always known as a sell out!
@SenBobCorker I hope your calendar is open for nonstop protesting or your blind and deaf political views. #nomar #norker
Poorly done, sir.
you are an embarrassment to the people of TN & this country. I've never been so shocked by your lack of knowledge
pleasr let us know if you are running agai so we can work super hard on voting you out of office.  Beyond words
@PoliticsK12 doesn't ESSA already explicitly take care of this?
Today you sold out your TN citizenship. You are not our senator. You are a Trumpet.
now we need accountability; release # of calls, emails, letters received on DeVos:
TRUMP PAWN.
I will remember that you picked politics over Tennessee on this vote.
No more votes for reelection from your constituents.
I hope you lined your pockets well with this vote, because you have failed our children. $ > children for you. We won't forget
retirement will be good for you!
you need to be removed from the senate. Term limits needed
shame on you this will impact Tennesseans for generations. Which private schools are available to most of the children?
SHAME ON YOU! 
@GOPHELP @GOP She has hurt Michigan schools and she'll do the same to all schools. We deserve so much better!!
@PoliticsK12 You will just defund Title I and IDEA for your vouchers project.
I live in a town of 12,000. We only have 1 school. How is voucher going to help me?
Vote NO. TN does not want DeVos.
The outcry of your constitutes should shock you. Typically folks can't even name department heads. #NoonDeVos
You don't care about America's children.
Great job explaining the need for Betsy DeVos to reform the liberal public school system.
you are bought, and paid for, by DeVos.
and no more votes for you #NoOnDeVos #ourkidsarenotforsale
& no more Senate for you after this term. #shame #sellout #bought #establishment
and a lot of kids left behind
Devos doesn't know the first thing about public education. But she knows how to buy off the GOP. You should be ashamed.
.@SenAlexander Even grizzly bears are disappointed by your vote Senator. #NoonDeVos
Black Bears Mr. Miles. Its Black Bears who live in Tennesse. They're cubs will have their education stomped out.
I stand corrected. The ursine-anger may be multi-species.
Shame on you
No more quality education for America children. No more science. No more anything DeVodls cannot understand
