on Devos Tn teachers know how to reform by voting you out of office too!
but she believes states should not follow fed laws to insure disabled children have access to ed?
#democratdogwhistles
all deserve right 2 well funded educ. She will take $ &send to poor perf charters.  Her Pedagogical exp? NONE
You were Sec of Ed, you have to know she's not qualified. Remember the children.  Longer hearing please.
Why did you shut down the hearing so quickly? What are you hiding?
hiding her lack of knowledge Her answers were damaging to herself How can they justify
she lacks the experience and knowledge to make any case on Ed Reform #voteNo on @BetsyDeVos
I will expose GOP corruption.Moral case - really? Her lack of morals to support disabled students . ABHORRENT
she isn't  familiar with IDEA, people first language, growth/ proficiency. I was very sad to see how unfamiliar she was terms
You hv no morals and you should be reformed. All you did was bash Obama. She's totally unqualified! Disgrace
shame on you. she's not qualified. Her big donations to trump got her the nomination. #shameonyouboth
do not sellout our children and the future of our country for campaign donations.  Devos is #unqualified
BETSY DEVOS APPARENTLY DOESN'T KNOW SHIT ABOUT MUCH, EXCEPT MAYBE HOW TO BRIBE HER WAY INTO POWER. WEASEL.
OK, now I get this "fake news" thing.
nope nope nope. The hearings proved that she is incompetent. You were there Senator.
she makes a racist case for ed reform. #voteNO on @BetsyDeVos
no experience, homophobe, extreme right winger.  went to private schools, kids did. Can't answer anything
@BetsyDeVoso only wants to help her agenda.$$$$ For her and husband!
Tn teachers know how to reform the TN Senate too!
Moral case for ed reform? If you mean Christian, then say so. Reminder: separation of church and state.
#NoExperience in public ed, rec $ go to charters & pro conv therapy = #DeVos destructive for our childrens' future.
You have become a horrible embarrassment to TN. Allowing $$ to influence you to vote for someone so unqualified is a joke.
A moral case with zero transparency of use of public funds. How she & her cronies treat children is immoral.
What has been done in Michigan is anything but moral. Getting richer while kids suffer.
she could not answer simple questions yesterday. Again I support Mr. Trump &his nominees.She is not qualified
the heavy handed action of your pathetic lead on tonight's hearing was disgusting.  This nominee is not...
in any way, comparable to those set forward by previous administrations and we the people want to hear more.
her lack of complete paperwork and the inability to question this is of extreme interest to we the people.
your willingness to hide will be remembered and considered in all you do moving forward.  You are tainted.
We need to organize to vote Alexander out of office since he won't allow proper questioning of Devos
'Moral case'?!Religion does not dictate nations's school policies.She's unqualified &uneducated on education.
- please truly listen in the hearing with an open mind, she does not have the answers.
she won't even protect children who need IEPs.
you are an embarrassment, Senator. We, the people, want to hear more! Our children deserve that much.
Yeah, she did a great job in Michigan!! Charter schools FAILED!!
Do not confirm DeVos she is unqualified, unprepared at hearing and has produced disastrous results for Mich
we are watching you now after that display don't think people will not be paying attention #unethical
she is truly frightening on her lack of BASIC knowledge, frightening
we watched the hearing, what YOU allowed. More would be harmful for your party. It's not about qualifications
Maybe it never occurred to you that @BetsyDeVos is a highly dubious choice and as such needs further questioning...
What a spiteful man! The good ol boys GOP- sticking it to colleagues and U.S. kids, because "Obama's nominees" blah blah blah.
Shame on you for spreading these falsehoods. @BetsyDeVos has NO qualifications for the job. As a 26 yr educator, I am angry.
are you effin' kidding me!  #grizzlies #DumpDevos #IDEA @DianeRavitch @leoniehaimson @BadassTeachersA
Senator, you suppressed questioning of a nominee who is unqualified. Shameful. American children deserve better. No no no Devos
how about having some experience as a teacher? Principal? Superintendent?
A moral case is not necessarily an informed case, Mr Chairman. Shameful to push her inexperience & ignorance through. #devos
students deserve better! their needs not Charter profits. no plan on how to run. Woefully poor. New nominee!
That hearing was a sham and everyone listening knows it. She has no experience in public schools.
no she knows how to destroy public education and push for profit Ed! Our kids are not meant to be profit centers!
but cant get her numbers correct. OK.
She doesn't know what she is talking about.
No she doesn't. She gave you a lot of $$$ and this is what it bought. You want the children in TN to suffer under her. Disgraceful
We are watching, what are you afraid of?
The problem is she doesn't know what she is reforming.
All Betsy Devos has is her pile of cash.  If we talk morality, we know wealth is not a sign of goodness.
Betsy Devos is obviously not qualified.  No brain power, no educational achievement, no record to point to.
#disabilityrights 2nd hearing is necessary, she lacks the knowledge of IDEA
Betsy DeVos has no qualifications.  She is a rich twit who screwed up MIchigan schools.

Education is a higher calling.  It isn't about making money off kid's backs.
Don't dismantle public education and sell it to the Amways of the world.  That isn't moral.
Senator, I'm not sure you understand what the world moral means.  Don't sell off our children to for-profits.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/08/a-sobering-look-at-what-betsy-devos-did-to-education-in-michigan-and-what-she-might-do-as-secretary-of-education/?utm_term=.8bcbc704ded4 …
She's not qualified ..quit trying to make her happen!!!
.@SenAlexander @BetsyDeVos @WSJ Name one place, that "school choice" improved the system. It's for profit, for segregation, not for children
Very concerned after testimony.  Cabinet members are supposed to be the experts.Not qualified.
We, the public, DEMAND a second round of public questions for Betsy DeVos! #Unfair #PartisanPolitics
Sir you are a very fine man and my senator who just passed #curesact . This is beneath you. Stand Up
SHE WANTS TO TURN OUR SCHOOLS INTO CHURCHES!!! WTF
America is watching sir! You won't be remembered well! This stinks on you!
THERE SHOULD BE GUNS IN SCHOOLS BECAUSE OF THE GRIZZLY BEARS WTF
/school governance, no school credentials or experience not the right choice
let her prove it by answering more than one question....#DeVosHearing
Quisling
so with no relevant qualifications, a cabinet position costs $200 million. Disgusting. #DeVosHearing
shame on you for supporting this woman. She is completely unqualified for this position.
You work for US. You should interview DeVos as long as it takes. Like maybe 2,000 amt you got from) years. You are crooked.
Thank U for standing up to these crybaby Losers. They didn't let her answer and they won't vote 4 her anyway.
Soe did you take donor $ from @nea under false premise that you would defend public education?
you are a craven political hack says this TN voter.
Tennessee deserves better than failing charter schools, Senator. So does America.
is a terrible candidate & u r irresponsible 4 letting this farce to go forward w/o a  GOE report @UniteWomenFL
I don't like you, Lamar, & I never have
She's an idiot who bought her way into the game.
our children deserve so much better than this farce. Why were more questions not allowed? We deserve answers
What would Jesus say? Make more  off the backs of poor kids w/4 profit charters? Sell out
" Moral case "? Please....nice lady but not qualified.
YOU own this ed system NOW. TEACHERS R QUITTING faster then ever. Charters r worse 4 teachers.
Great job controlling the hearing. Thanks.
you already have a shortage of teachers in ALL Red states why? Cause you treat like dirt. Christians my butt!
I can't wait when there's a HUGE SHORTAGE OF teachers in USA. No one will want to teach in this climate.
what are you so afraid will come out if Senators ask a second round of questions?
I am outraged. Let them ask more questions.
@PattyMurray Senator Alexander, Really disappointing your constant comparison to previous hearings. Pathetic.
The objective is to assure that we have the best SOE.  Yours is to be petty about past SOE hearings. WEAK.
DeVos is not remotely qualified, at all. She bought this nomination. She filed no required paperwork, knows nothing of public ed. Just Stop
Kim... No snark intended at all towards you!
None taken, Jill!

She is totally ignorant about public education. Someone off the street might be more aware of issues.
policies she has pushed with her money have failed us in Michigan, please deny her the chance to spread the ruin
Alexander sounds like a small child constantly detouring instead of caring about our children & grandchildren who r not rich
because this woman has NO experience!!
You do a disservice to our nation's children by refusing to allow PUBLIC hearing of ALL questions by members.
I'm disgusted at the handling of this hearing. For shame, Senator. I have 3 kids in school and I want answers #DeVosHearing
I want a2nd round of questions for the public.  She has no qualifications excpt money #DeVosHearing
So you are being petty about time when our children are at stake??? @BernieSanders @SenWarren @alfranken
Written questions need to be answered at the hearing for all to hear.  I don't care what you did under Pres.
She obviously knows very little about the job she might take, and you're trying to hide that!  More Qs
Please review your obstinate and obstructive position on DeVos. Retribution is obvious motive. I object. Ethics also at issue
Thank you for trying to quiet the whiners. They've been so rude esp Warren. You're a patient man! #SoreLosers
Why won't you let the Senate ask more questions. We, the public, deserve to hear her answers.
I for one would like to her the questions and her answers. So far she is undeniably unqualified!
Why are you afraid to extend the #DeVosHearing .  Have another hearing in public for all of us to watch
We welcome as much info as poss from BD, It's about the future of our kids.  Put the damn partisan politics aside.  #ShameOnU
We, the people have ques. If it takes a 2nd rounds so b it. Get off your pedestal and remember you serve the people. #BFAIR
Shame on You Lamar Alexander.  Your constituents won't forget your role in this farce of a hearing.
We want to watch her discussions with senators, no hidibg. Let me remind you, YOU WORK FOR US! #DumpDevos
You  are shielding her simply because she is Republican. Our children deserve better than this. #DumpDevos
ALL questions are reasonable for someone in charge of children. Especially given her deflection shown today.
We want her tax returns. We want second questions. We want vetting before hearings. We don't want your spite.
SHE IS NOT WHO WILL BE BEST FOR OUR KIDS
if you're so sure of her credentials why did you limit sens to only 5 mins? #DearBetsy #DumpDevos
you are so misguided.
PLEASE don't destroy Public Education by ripping off poor kids so wealthy parents get subsidies!
can you define "moral case for reform"?
Guns in school are OK?  Would love to hear u explain that one. Disgusting position that can only lead to violence.
shame on you for limiting the questions your colleagues can ask @BetsyDeVos  Unseemly for you to rig the confirmation. @WSJ
Denying further questions suggests you don't believe she can handle answering those questions?
Republicans have NO moral leg to stand on. You are hypocrites.
WRONG.
LOL !! WOW! Devos woefully unqualified; do your job Senator
She won't commit to enforcing title IX, fighting rape culture. Good thing to you?
I'd love to see you act morally and allow the Dems on the committee to have more than five minutes of Qs.
She knows how to make money. Never attended or worked in public schools. Her nor family. #unqualified #DumpDevos
