Please think about the needs of the little ones in our state. They may not b able to vote or tweet. But they need u to lead
You just told us our voices are worth noting. All the calls. All the postcards. We the people said vote no on DeVos.
join me in demanding he make public the # of calls, emails, VMs, and visits received from voters on this
let me know how you want to do this. I am game.
keep demanding on Twitter! And call/write DC office w/ request! Will let u know if I hear anything as well :)
Please everyone do the same. Demand accountability. Hold Sen Alexander accountable to the people. No to Devos
Confirming DeVos shows the ignorance of those who voted for her. #Clueless
I can't wait to vote you and @SenBobCorker out of office in 2018. Your poor choices in recent votes showed us who you are.
#BetsyDevos is completely unqualified & inept for position. Shame you have put party loyalty ahead of what is right for kids.
By supporting a nominee so clearly unqualified, you intentionally diminish the importance of the Dep't and of education.
bad
She is not fit to lead the Education Department. Poor endorsement by my senator.
You own this nomination. Tennessee voters are watching. You work for us--not the President.
disappointed
Senator, you have let us down.
I am disgusted that he voted for her. He made a mistake and now the people of Tennessee are not going to continue to support
hope you're enjoying your last hurrah as a TN Senator sir. DeVos is a joke and we in TN all know it
#VoteThemOutNextRace
a vote for Devos is an UNEDUCATED  vote!
Wrong choice...so disappointed in you
please remember your duty to the public. we are disappointed in your blatant show of disrespect to your constituents.
Why do you want our state's children to fail, Sir?
Very disappointing & insulting to TN voters like me. Still urging a NO vote on DeVos perhaps from @SenBobCorker.
You should be ashamed of yourself. Blatantly ignoring constituents. Grateful to have a new Sen. that listens. @PattyMurray
you sold out your constituents, you sold out your country, you sold out our future.  Great work today! /s
great job fucking over our kids & our future!! How the hell can you say you are for the people, if you support this woman?
Thanks for ushering in the new Gilded Age. Unqualified SecEd but who's a billionaire who donated tons of $$. SHAME on you
Senator, I urge you to vote no on the Devos nomination.  Thank you.
.... do not approve.
You can't do this. This is WRONG
You are a disgrace to the state of Tennessee, @SenAlexander. So disappointed in your blatant show of disrespect to your constituents.
Yeah & I understand your cut the time of members to 5 min. You embarrass TN! DeVos is a rich fool! #BadJuju
Everything about the way you conducted the hearing was unethical. I don't know how you live with yourself.
No, you want all the rich in private schools & the poor can go to hell. Fortunately, it won't be your hell! Your's is worse!
if you are really for u.s. & for our future, U would not support somebody who believes that our future should not be educated
Vote NO on Devos. The people of Tennessee do not want her.
So disappointed with you for not listening to TN voters. You are out of touch with your constituents.
Thank you for once again, NOT listening to constituents. We're younger and will still have our memories come next election
biggest joke in education history. Those that confirm her nomination should be beaten in next election.
i hope to everything your retirement & future is decided by some uneducated bafoon thanks to your vote
Thank You Sen Alexander for voting Mrs DeVos out of committee! Public Schools need advocate for Choice & Competition! #MAGA
, as an educator and supporter of public schools, I cannot begin to express my dismay. You opted for politics over conscience.
how can you even pretend that this person is qualified to do this job. She is a dilettante.
Thank you for selling out to a science denying plagiarist!
#CommonCore Crony. #DeVos should not be confirmed unless she plans to Close the Federal #DeptOfEdu
Semper Malus!
You just ruined the education system. I am a teacher and her answers were laughable. None of you know what it takes.
vote no on Betsy DeVos!! The world is watching your actions!
We can't have someone so extremely unqualified in charge of our education system – our children deserve better #StopDeVos
.
#dumpDevos
you suck!
A horrible choice, you may have just doomed public education in the USA.
Sold the souls of our children for cash money & weakened our nation! #HoraceMann
booooooo!!!! Boo this man!!!!! You're a puppet!
I will NEVER vote for you again! Thanks for ruining TN schools.
Disappointed to hear the DeVos nom is headed for Sen confirmation. Protesters outside your office again today on this issue.
this is a travesty for Tennessee and USA
I see you still don't listen to your constituents. Looking forward to voting you out 
The Supreme Leader, @POTUS, will be very happy with your progress (or is it growth? proficiency? Ah, close enough.).
I am deeply disappointed. Passion for a cause without qualifications (no public education exp.!?!?) =/= qualified.
you definitely won't be getting my vote when elections come around next year, clearly your constituents don't matter to you
Wildly unacceptable! Citizens from both parties object to DeVos & you undermine our voices. You're a sorry excuse for a public servant.
don't forget http://callyourrep.co  for many numbers to reach both Alexander and @SenBobCorker listen to your state!
How much did she pay you to vote for her? Why doesn't she have to pay the $5.3million in fees owed?
Sir, Do your constituents' voices matter? No mention of those in your statement. You seem to be aboard a blossoming oligarchy.
fantastic!  This sends a strong message to our children that one day u too can be rich enuf to buy ur way into a gov position
I'll take a sense of enjoyment watching you lose re-election. Thank you for this.
What a sad day for public education.
Shame to all who voted to confirm - not qualified & will not protect the most vulnerable children. $200MM to GOP. NO SURPRISE
you failed Tennessee
we demand accountability; make public the # of calls, emails, VMs, visits from TN voters who demanded you vote NO on #DeVos.
thank you!! I'll calll again!!
Your vote for reckless charter backer DeVos confirms you will never again receive my vote.
thank you for showing us your priorities: campaign donations outweigh your constituents' voices. You're fired!
good work.
Horrible, horrible, horrible for PUBLIC school children in the US.  You should be ashamed.  $$$ donations talk to you.
say no to @BetsyDeVos SHES GROSSLY UNQUALIFIED AND IS ONLY THERE BCS OF HER $$$$
Terrible choice.
.@SenAlexander Ah yes, BUT you're leaving out the rest of the story. Fear not. Pro bono assistance for you here: https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/whitehouse/devos-may-have-used-officials-remarks-without-attribution/2017/01/31/e5034010-e7e2-11e6-903d-9b11ed7d8d2a_story.html?utm_term=.3242f2601310 …
GOP in the Trump era will be remembered as the weak cowards who let our democracy fall at the hands of #PresidentBannon
No! Very disappointed
