So basically, your a Democrat! What happened to Repeal and Replace??!!
Lamar, been proud of our GOP leaders here in TN but the divide of our Party is beyond me. Am put out as the people aren't being represented!
Thank you for helping to make the ACA work.
It's all illegal Lamar.
This is not enough to save Trump's job. It's a crisis he never should have created in the first place. Vote to censure and impeach.
THE GOV'T SHOULD NOT BE IN THE HEALTHCARE BUSINESS AT ALL -- IT SHOULD BE THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE CHURCHES TO DO THIS.  #RINO
Where are you on his statements on Charlottesville?
Who cares what he says
You can't BS your way out of this travesty.  Your party now owns racism in America, and you won't do your duty.  Resign!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We will just replace him with another Republican; sorry.
wanna bet?
Not even close.  We haven't elected a dem Senator in over two decades, closing on three.  Just not enough madcap leftists here.  Try Cal.
I can't believe your flip-flop on this issue, but it's welcome news.  If you strengthen the individual mandate, more will enter mktplce
Keep tinkering because the R's have nothing else. R's will own the ACA failure. We will have a failing single payer system.

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
When will you ACT against a president who is unfit and dangerous?
Please watch. Please think.  Please be a strong, smart American & speak up.
.@SenAlexander Yes, just bleed us all slowly. That way we won't feel it. Do you remember the Deficit? Gov in Healthcare will Bankrupt us all
The President gave Senate more time. SENATE HAS HAD 7 YEARS. Rinos are afraid of media. U get a obama subsidy, most of us dont.
What happened to repeal and replace obamacare!
Please, unblock my account  I have not abused Twitter. Thank you. Best regards.
U no longer represent us....  shame on u!
Until hospital, lab, procedure prices are made public, cost to patients will not decrease - No competition when u can't compare prices!
Thank you Senator for doing the right thing for America.
In April, Erik Prince held a secret Seychelles meeting with a Russian close to Putin to establish a back channel.
Turn your back on Trump and stand with those brave men and women who stormed the beaches at Normandy.
YOU have a choice about the future of the republican party.  Will you stand together with your fellow patriots, or will you follow Trump?
Are you willing to turn your back on Trump?  America is begging our leadership to do the right thing.
You dishonor our troops by supporting a man who disrespects all those who died defeating fascism.
#SENALEXANDER Tell congress 2 work at min wage AND buy their own health insurance WITHOUT tax dollars 2 C what it is like 4 millions of Amer
Also, still waiting on your statement on DT's shameful statements. His is a sinking ship and you are right in the middle of it.
It's a tiny step and that should not be in question. Flexibility brings about questions of exemptions that would hurt your constituents.
Great now give up your 73% subsidies
@marcorubio should stand with @SenAlexander to stabilize markets. #CSR 'a are critical for the most vulnerable and self-employed.
The longer you stick by Trump, the worse it's going to be for you. Stop ignoring the elephant in the room.
Senator Alexander, President Trump has revealed himself to be sympathetic to white nationalism. Denounce him. #NeverAgain
that's nice. So: any REAL statement on the nazi-sympathizing president who equates peaceful anti-Nazi protestors with murdering nazis?
Speak out now against @realDonaldTrump and his racist support of white supremacists and Neo Nazis
Your office told me you were still for repeal but this statement indicates you're not. You're all liars!

And your statement condemning #WhiteSupremacists ? Waiting....
Thank you, Senator.
really? Why? It's clear @SenAlexander is a bad person. He also tried to take away your healthcare! Without even reading the bill!
You R a RINO. You have 83% liberal voting record, liberty sore of 17%. TN you want conservative senator primary @SenAlexander out of office.
Are songwriter's truly a defined demographic?  #inclusion
Fixing the affordable healthcare act makes the most sense. Its time for a bipartisan approach to help the American people
Thank you for your efforts, let's just hope and pray your counterparts see it the same way. Thanks for supporting OUR @POTUS    #maga
Thank you Senator for acknowledging that Congress needs to act in a bipartisan manner for their constituents
If you do not denounce this president by name, we assume you are also racist. Speak up or leave office.
Yes!  Wary of the "state flexibility" part but so happy to see you finally doing your job on health care.
Thank you. Healthcare access for working poor, families and people who lose jobs for varied reasons is important!
Thank you. A step in the right direction- but just a step.  Now let's make great strides to ensure quality, affordable healthcare for all!
You're already on Medicare so shut up. You don't have a say old person.
Any idea where I can find a Republican Senator to speak with?  Because of your action in failing to rid us of this boondoggle TN will suffer
Sad that you don't have the guts to call out DT. What does he have to do in order for you to find your morals; burn a cross on Obama's lawn?
Interesting that u would bring the agitator in chief to the discussion since he kicked all of this insanity off.  Congratulations.
You and @SenBobCorker act like he has done something heroic, it's one our debts. Pull your heads out of your asses. My zip 37303 I vote
President should commit payments to give congress time to act and give confidence to insurance co to stay In the market.
Thank you. This is step in the right direction, but just a step. Now let's make great strides & make affordable healthcare a reality for all
Extending illegal subsidies is a step in the right direction?  If u want affordable care then join us in getting govt out of it.
Really missing the point here, Senator
Now, stand against Trump's racist statements. Take down the monuments of pain and hate in Tennessee now. Be on the right side of history!
Really?  Leftist are now calling for the removal of Washingtons statues.  I assume that u will agree with them.
I would highly recommend other actions to keep Trump's impact at a minimum until impeachment or resignation
Thank you for that little bit of good news. And yes Congress and Senate please take control of the funding for this
Your silence complicit
Your inaction complicit
My god what will it take. Treason/Inciting Violence not enough
#GOP #ImpeachTrump #VetsResist
You are talking a lot today, but not about what is important....the moral fiber of America.  DO YOU AGREE WITH @potus?  Is the KKK your base
when you don't respond to 45's remarks defending Nazis and white supremacists -- all i see here is blah blah blah i'm ok w nazis. do better
Why would anyone pay attention to leftists?
No good people march with people who are chanting "Jews will not replace us." Moral leadership requires speaking up - especially the south
Ridiculous, we have seen how blacks have been mistreated in northern cities for decades.  Speak up yes, beat ppl with clubs? No.
We shouldn't be fretting over this month to month, Senator. We need real, bipartisan fixes. cc: @PattyMurray
Yes like getting govt completely out of it.
Okay, bot!
Typical response when u have no response.  I really need to get into govt.  look at all the ppl just itching to hand over everything to them
A bot in government will surely be better than the lunatic POTUS.
U would find me a tough but benevolent dictator.
I will briefly turn away from crisis with potus to say - MEDICARE FOR 50+!!!
Speak for yourself and stay out of mine.
Whats your problem?
My problem is that I like my healthcare and it is no one else's business.  Do u agree?
Glad ur all set but system is broken & others r not. I make decent money and pay WAY too much on indep mkt. I was talking to Alexander not u
Well since he won't answer I will.  If u want better access then call for govt to get out of the way.
Thank u economic genius. I want affordable good coverage NEXT YR, like everyone. Whatever it takes. If u got a actual plan I'm all ears.
Write Medicaid / medicare checks directly to consumers to buy coverage. 2) force companies to compete across state lines. 3) tort reform.
So you praise him for DOING HIS JOB? Where's your condemnation of his actions yesterday? Silence is approval. #SayHisName
Extending illegal subsidies is his job?  Maybe he should help plan a bank robbery while he is at it.
Still refusing to denounce Trump's nazi loving white supremacist defending comments I see. Will you be sporting a swastika soon?
Where did he say the he loved NAZI's?  Please provide the quote.
Could you maybe talk about the president's decision to support #Nazis and #WhiteSupremacy? Do you think it was bad? #NoWhiteSupremacyHouse
Why don't u go to your left wing nut case senators to complain and leave us to deal with ours?

Today's democrat party is the party of Josef Stalin, not Thomas Jefferson.
