Sugar coated claim about a guy who be happy paying  people next to nothing.
Thousands of jobs where he marginalizes his workers and pays them low wages. Sad.
seriously? I wonder how much money your campaigns have gotten from this loser you're vouching for. Guess you don't want Oprah
Seriously? No breaks or raises for low wage workers. Wife beater. You think that will play well outside cities in TN why?
I am disappointed to call you a fellow Volunteer
would like to see how many of his employees still need to be on public assistance due to low wages. #FirePuzder @AndyPuzder
I would also love to know this! Your employees don't support you, unqualified
anyone but you 2020.
His hiring illegal labor (if he thought she was legal wouldn't he have paid taxes?) should be enough to disqualify him.
would love a town hall!
kinda like Lamar. He started out as a conservative not he just shovels scoops of crap at the conservatives
After you endorsed and voted for @BetsyDeVos how can I trust your judgement on anything? I'm ashamed of your representation.
. Totally against. Of course you will vote for him.
how is President Bannon reacting to North Korea tonight?
he wants to reduce minimum wage hoe can that be great except to illegal aliens?
Dear Senator, so many Tennesseans are looking forward to your retirement.
you've been around since I was a kid. Also caring about education. I have faith in your course. Stay steady.
the old Lamar was good and ethical. Current Lamar is none of those thingS
because he supported Betsy DeVos?
one of those jobs was for an undocumented worker in his house that he failed to pay taxes on.  What a nice guy! #hypocrisy
ask him to save one for you. You are on the short list of #GottaGoFellas.
You people are attacking civil rights but ICE CREAM is an issue worth discussing???
I call bullshit
I'm increasingly certain that you are just compulsively lying to us at this point.
He'd be more worried about damage to his profits if he has to stop hiring undocumented workers and underpaying employees.
Thank u 4 DeVos yes vote. Children in rotten public schools will now have chance 2 get proper education.
just as I have asked @SenBobCorker, when will you be holding your town hall meeting? The scam is up. Our voices will be heard!
You started off caring what Tennesseans wanted. Now, you sell out to the highest bidder.  Trump, Devos etc. Sad.
disrespectful of women -please reconsider.
Respectfully, sir, shame on you!
I'm looking forward to supporting your opponent's campaign in a few years! Come to Middle Tennessee for a town hall!
he won't but if he did I'd drive from Chattanooga to wherever he goes. I voted for him. I'm ashamed of it.
me too!!!
Pudzer opposes meaningful minimum-wage increases, and attacked the expansion of paid-sick-day and overtime legislation.
We need higher minimum wage, benefits and support for workers. Wish we would all walk a mile in their shoes.
he has enriched himself on the backs of his workers on slave wages. #resist
Not refreshing to have a billionaire as Sec. of State who has no respect for his own employees
Not refreshing to have Sec. of Labor who has been sued repeatedly for labor violations.
Sir, no. When is your seat up?
He's created thousands of jobs at slave wages with no benefits, he is bad for the common every day worker, but you don't care
your job is not to try to persuade the people of TN, it's your job to represent them.
and he tries to push down wages. He's a creep and you should be ashamed. Time for you to be thrown out.
And thousands of folks without full-time hours, health insurance, & a livable wage. Andy Puzder is unfit for labor sec.
started out as a respectable governor who listened to the people and has now become the president's yes-man.
I so regret my faith in you. I gave you my trust that you would listen to the constitutes and above all, protect TN. You Fail
you have sold out your constituents. Enjoy your last term
be strong and give DJT the boot
drain the swamp
piss off Lamar...you should be ashamed!
low paying, poverty causing jobs.
Just stop. Some of us (or family members) have actually worked for his damn company, and you sound like a fool to us.
and ended up badly treating employees. You can have both job growth & decent treatment. We see what you believe. Shameful.
Yeah, excessive regs like those burdensome OT rules, safety guidelines, workplace violence, EEO, etc. How dare they!
notice that hard stutter at :21? Even Lamar knows what he's saying is an utter lie. #SHAME
.@SenAlexander Puzder opposes minimum wage raises and fixing the FLSA. His only qualification is he's a big time GOP donor. Sad!
...just a #babyBoomer so my real time memory limited. ..my next door neighbor returned home crazy
horrible Nominee.  You GOP folks are the worst.
Is there ANY anti-intellectual, anti-working class stooge of dt's who you won't support? SHAME
.@SenAlexander with unemployment lowest in a decade, is job creation really the big goal? Labor sec has a duty to protect workers' rights
low wages, no benefits, no protections...yeah, because that's just what TN needs more of. Can't wait to vote you out.
That's it, I don't care who it is, I'm supporting your opponent in 2020.
Country over party. History will judge all of you. Every one.
1000's of low-wage jobs. He's anti-union, anti-worker, anti-living wage. I hope the Dems destroy him in committee.
