Why is your Nashville mailbox full preventing any new calls. Why is your D.C. Number consistently busy?The people have a voice
I had the same issue. Called the Jackson 731-664-0289 & Knoxville offices 865-545-4253 and got thru #OpposeDeVos
Thanks so much!!!
shame. You know better. You were 25x more qualified than her in the same role. You know better. #shame #dts #filltheswamp
because she's a train wreck. And you keep supporting her - even though virtually nearly every comment on here and on Facebook
from your constituents is begging you not to
That's b3csuse Obama's nominees were qualified!
oh shut up
I'm concerned bout what will happen to my daughter w #Dyslexia if DeVos becomes Secretary. The Sec of Ed needs 2 know the law
because she's not qualified!!!!  If you care about public ducation in American vote no for @BetsyDeVos !
Were her answers as clear, precise, & knowledgeable as the ones she gave in the public hearing? No support for her.
I think it's telling that @SenAlexander chose this argument… rather than debate her qualifications he chose to cry, "ugh!! No fair!!"
that is because @BetsyDeVos is the most unqualified ed candidate. More ?s when less experience #filltheswamp #dts
Good, she is far less qualified with fewer credentials. It's shameful that the GOP didn't also have 1397 follow up questions.
that doesn't make her qualified. There is no reason to fund two different school systems, it will only hurt public education.
i cant wait to vote you out . Have a spine #NotoDeVos
we may not have that pleasure if he retires in 2020. (He will be 80)
Is that bad?  As a TN Educator, I (and many others) have serious reservations about Ms. DeVos. Please reconsider!
My wife is a teacher as well. Mortified at the thought of Devos running Dep of Ed. @SenAlexander is a cynical, partisan hack.
The Senator sent me a nice form letter this afternoon telling me he respected my opinion but he was still going to support Ms. DeVos
I've received similar from @SenBobCorker.
Why is this a problem? 25 X follow up questions because 25x more problems with nominee. Both Obama's were in education.
Precedent is irrelevant (see current admin.). If she is less qualified, then there are likely to be more questions. #fallacy
SHAME ON YOU, Sir.  Bought and paid for!  LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE.  Stop pandering to #Trump
that's because she was a disaster and is completely unqualified to lead public education ,and you know it.
I've had public Highschool teachers with better education than she has. I thought you were supposed to represent US.
how much money did her family donate to your campaign?
Here's a q they failed to ask: "How many years have you taught?" Follow up Q: "None? Okay we're done here. Thanks 4 applying."
Anyone but Betsy @BetsyDeVos #notdevos #NotoDeVos
perhaps perhaps she is not qualified for the position hence the number of questions? You can't compare volume to substance.
Senator, please stand in the aisle and judge the nominee on her qualifications and not party affiliation. This has nothing to do w Obama.
again...your point?  Figure it as a second chance to prove herself....and she still failed. # nojob4udeVos
Because she's the worst candidate in history.
she is not qualified to be Secretary of Education. Do your job and let the committee fully vet her.
because she didn't know what she was talking about. #stopbetsydevos
because she's NOT qualified.
bc 4 profit schools won't benefit a child's edu...there is no process 2 hold these schools accountable 4 student performance
she is not qualified!  It is that simple.
Because she is less qualified! She is less knowledgeable and kept avoiding questions.
because she INCOMPETENT and doesn't deserve the position. But then again neither did the man who's currently president
you've gone from pawning off an awful nominee to now engaging in ridiculous false equivalence. You sink lower everyday sir
she is still an unqualified imbecile with a history of destroying school districts. Maybe you should tour some in TN
VOS is a disaster for America. So is Price.
, @BetsyDeVos should welcome another chance to demonstrate fitness for the role, having failed to do so thus far.
maybe that's cause she's an #unqualifiedidiot???
i want to hear her answers : simple fact. in the hearing she didnt know growth vs proficiency #appalling  #NotoDeVos
Maybe follow up questions had something to do with their concerns over her lack of qualifications
I'm a TN resident please listen to the voters who put you in office. NO on Devos!
Probably because Obama's nominee's had experience as educators.
You paint the picture that the Dems are more concerned for education. This is the time for more questions, when if not now?
I am sorry but I totally disagree with you. She is a horrid choice. Why have someone serve who has NEVER Been in education???
Is REVENGE all you care about??? Why are you still mentioning Obama? @SenAlexander
GOP keeps comparing everything to Obama, so that means y'all won't vote on Trump's judge choice right?  He's a literal fascist
then why weren't they televised? the american people would be interested in seeing that
Any sample questions ?
if only you #cared for your #constituents as much as your #corporate donors. You could be a man of #integrity. You choose not.
Sir, Weak. Over and over you comment on DeVos hearing time vs Obama's.  The objective is to assure the proper SOE is chosen.
that is because she is not fit for the position. Shame on you for even considering her.
More time and questions are needed because she is UNQUALIFIED with a BAD track record!!! #DumpDevos #BetsyDeVos #NotoDeVos
Please, sir, block her confirmation. She is unqualified. Hers is a pay-to-play nomination. We see. We remember. We vote.
please vote for us that elected you. Vote Republican. Get off the Democratic voting roster
because she is do blatantly unqualified and appears to have bought her appointment. This is not a partisan fact
*so* iPhone!!
.@SenAlexander not to mention her performance in the hearing… 

Devos isn't qualified to run a PTA.
because Obamas ED noms had experience. We don't want rubber stamp congress. Question everyone and thing.
Seriously, @SenAlexander? A quick look at their education levels and experience in comparison to hers explains this.
She is unqualified.
To your credit, we could have figured out she was utterly unqualified with far fewer questions.
is that because she's not qualified?
Because those noms were qualified. This lady has shown time after time she only supports private-for-profit schools
She's unqualified. Find somebody better.

Teacher unions r worried about their cushy perks.

since her disclosures were incomplete and her answers evasive more time was necessary.
you cannot spin this travesty to blame the dems. She is unqualified and you know it. #partybeforecountry
because she's clearly incompetent.
Who cares about the number of questions and your selective precedent. If she's qualified she should answer.
because she is #not qualified
because she's not qualified.
