You're my Senator, and I'm a (former?) GOP, but I was smart enough not to vote for you and same with Corker.
Who did u vote for?
Carr in primary and I did not cast a vote for Sen in General.
Dr Finn ran in primary to keep Alexander from losing to Carr.  TN GOP=Dirty/
Corker voted to repeal today. Do u think he was given permission by leadership as cover knowing he probably wanted to vote same as Alex.
Yes.  He sees himself as part of the 3rd party in the Senate (between R and D).  He essentially said that to a group of us visiting DC
When he attacked Cruz on Senate floor and his Iran amendment made me so angry.
He is an idiot with a disturbing resemblance to the witch form the wizard of Oz.
He reminds me of those short little "umpa lumpas" on Willy wonka chocolate factory
it is not upto gov't to supply healthcare, free market will provide solution if you will get gov't out ot the way. you do not replace cancer
The free market has no solution for people who are more expensive to care for than they are able to pay.
How do u know. It's never been tried.
Otherwise there's no business case for caring for patients in excess of what they can pay.
In govt systems they also make decisions on whether to care for the very sick and there are losers there.  Not sure why assume govt better
That decision is no better in private sector. it's worse since ability to pay is a factor
Why is it worse that "ability to pay is a factor"--why would you want a system that will tax people to support other and then let them die?
Because we should support those who need it, not only those who can pay for care.
20T in debt up 15T since Alexander in office and govt. thinks they still are not the problem!! Unbelievable!!
Tennesseean's would like to apologize to America for our Senator Alexander's deception He voted repeal in 15' and not to repeal today.
Thank you!  Get yourself a Ron Johnson. He's got a pair!  WI
I wish we had him. We've got two poor excuses for Senators
Thank you!  Common sense at last.
Pilots like to know...and we do too. We won't agree on much, but on this we do.
How about the rest of us who have lost our hc just so it could be given to others? I guess we don't count, huh.
<3% have seen costs sharply increase b/c of Obamacare.

http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/26/republicans-wage-7-year-war-against-obamacare.html …
Please explain to my family why I cannot feed them because my insurance premiums and deductibles are so high. Time for Free Market
I fear that most people have no idea of what the insurance companies will do when they have free reign in the so called "free market".
So true.
Senator,  you have proven me wrong. I have said for the past 20 years that no TN senator could ever be as bad as Jim Sasser.
IF you are conservative GOP you can sell #FullRepeal to your voters.  Lead!
unless you're name is John McCain
Agree... McCain needs to come out of closet as DEM/Lib.... at least on HC.
He needs to to resign a go home
You don't sound like a Republican. Repeal SHITTY Obamacare. The gov. doesn't need to be in charge of health care. Let the free market work..
RINO. You should be fired. You said you would repeal and YOU DIDNT. ABSOLUTE DEMOCRAT in GOP clothing.  OBAMACARE is destroying the USA
I'm a Tennessean and there isn't million on Obama care...you ppl in Washington are FREELOADERS GETTING RICH OFF OF OUR BACKS!! Repeal
You got my last vote.  I will vote Democrat before I vote for you again.  You did the same to us.  You should stand with the President!
Yeah, stand with this moron. He has all the best words! LOL! Sen. Alexander is far more intelligent than senile Trump could ever hope to be.
Why didn't he run for President if he is SO smart? He is smarter than the 40 or so Republicans who voted to repeal.  He's smart as Schumer!
#BITTER INGREDIENTS BIGGER PLANTATION !--PAPA SCHUMER !
Please defend tens of millions of Americans from losing healthcare and having higher costs. Vote NO on any repeal of the ACA! Fix it instead
Thank you for doing the right thing! Almost makes up for voting for DeVos.. Almost.
Welp...lets try this again. Repeal and replace...now.
YOU let the people who voted for you DOWN. you did not do what u said u would do #liar
We live in Knox County,we are selfemployed,we have no insurance co.left to BUY from since last Dec.We have been waiting 4Congress to help us
Tennessee did not vote for Obama or Obamacare.  Do you have an alternative?  What is your plan since you stand alone with McCain and the Dem
Does Nashville not count? Cause we didn't want trump.
Nashville and Memphis certainly don't count. They drag down the rest of our state.
Hahaha ok, sure. I'll let you continue to believe that. Make sure you never come to Nashville and damn sure don't go to Memphis 
You count just like everyone else but lilangrygirl you Don't speak for 600,000 people and you sure don't speak for me here in Memphis.
Didn't say I did  speaking for majority of Nashville. Since dude above made a comment about Memphis I told him never to go
it's people like you that give the South a bad name you sound so uneducated and ridiculous
Shame on you. say goodbye to your seat! God bless President Trump and if you can't get behind him get out of his way!

Congratulations! You & people like you are the reason Trump won.
*the republic is why trump won. 
Fixed it for you. Don't act special like you accomplished something.
Senator Alexander, with all respect sir, get off your duff and repeal Obamacare! We did not want it when it was made law and still don't.
There should be NO respect given to that slug
You support the man who hired illegals for his Mar-a-Lago resort & bashed everyone to the Boy Scouts? Check your press releases boy. Sad
I voted? Whoa. Shit, I gotta step back and ... no. Nevermind. #makeamericasafeagain
Free market healthcare NOW! Repeal that crap.
Clarify for me: in free market health care, someone shows up unconscious at the ER with no ID. Needs expensive treatment. What happens?
Have you never been in a waiting room? Signs that say you have a right to get treatment to be stabilized. Quit scaring ppl and wake up!
I didn't ask about reality. I asked about a free market. Do people have a right to treatment they can't afford in a free market?
So how is it a free market if providers are forced to treat people without being compensated? That's not free market. That's socialism.
you need to look up the definition of socialism!
Thank you. These left wingers will spew anything out of thier mouth to advance thier agenda to a single payer system
One last comment.  How can 22 million lose healthcare when only 12 million are signed up?  Dont get it.
This fiasco you all pursue is creating nation-wide excessive level of anxiety for millions of people. Essentially domestic terrorism.
This is correct! I would throw every 1 of you out save Senators Collins and Murkowski. Having said that PLS do the adult thing from now on.
U should spend some time in Venezuela or possibly North Korea.  I suspect their politics matches yours perfectly.
Nah. I just think the greatest nation should have a great health care system. Measured by excellence and fair accessibility.
We do have an excellent system; it is only weighed down by govt mandates, and a general lack of competition.
There is NO WAY ins co's can make money on 45+ or pre-existing. We all must pay amt throughout lives, get the care when older.
The ONLY way some insurers make that money of 45+, pre-ex is on Federal Benefits Programs. Fed pays incentives to process claims. Seriously.
Fed benefits for Fed employees. Millions monthly in incentives to process claims timely. Double revenue stream for insurers. Unfair.
Repeal and replace!  Here comes Dr. Mark Green for the people by the American People!  Hint?
very disappointed  in your vote.  We will remember  at the ballot box.Lack of courage not good.
Government that oversteps constitutional authority loses legitimacy. Also politicians who don't keep promises. #FullRepeal #FightForLiberty
Half measures such as those presented will cause the R's to own the failure.  Senate needs to get to work!
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891722694512824321 …
#fightforliberty
you betrayed America. Haven't you learned OC is unconstitutional? Oh excuse me congress doesn't abide by or read constitution
#senalexander That's right make healthcare of by and for the rich only.  Mid class & working poor are totally expendable, right Senator??
Stay out of our lives our business and our healthcare!
Government has no business in healthcare. #FullRepeal
Full Repeal is what we were promised. Keep your word! #FullRepeal
Loyal Republicans are very disappointed that you can't seem to keep your promise of #FullRepeal. FIX IT!! #FightForLiberty
The promise was #FullRepeal.  You had seven years to prepare.  You worked w. @SenTedCruz on it since January.  You let us down big time.
#FullRepeal #noreplacement #fightforliberty
I know people in Tennessee. Your Career is over because you lied.
No Trumpcare! #REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED ONLY! #FightForLiberty!
You Senator Alexander have made the case for term limits!
It is past time to #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #StandForFreedom Get busy, or get out of the way.
The ACA is near collapse because of the diligent GOP efforts to make it collapse. Forget politics and do what is right for the least of us.
Sen. you lied to the American ppl about repealing O'care . You need to be fired! I hope this happens. Supt our Pres! U R part of the swamp!
Improve on Obamacare. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water. Efforts to undermine it continue. Go the other direction.
Can yr team bench McConnell on Hcare? Can you pls also learn/share facts re why mkt-driven plan will always fail:
Enjoy your last term senator, there will be new blood in DC soon. You will be drained from the swamp you enjoy. Shouldn't screw your base.
DON'T  TRUST CBO ESTIMATES THEY WERE WRONG ON OBAMACARE WHY WOULD YOU TRUST THEM NOW!!!! BUT YOU ARE A #RINO ..GOV'T SHOULDN'T BE IN HC  BIZ
Where in the constitution is a individual supposed to get health care.  Health care is not a government responsibility
health care is not something a individual is granted under the constitution
Hmmm.  Could this have anything to do with TN's refusal of Medicaid expansion under the ACA??
Traitor
Vote Alexander out!! He voted against Obcare repeal. PLEASE vote him out!!! Drain the swamp
Do you have a plan that's any better than we have now?  No you don't.  Very disappointed in your vote
#BenedictAlexander
House-Rep Senate-Rep President-rep. Can't pass a simple repeal. Tennesseans do not understand
My healthcare for a family of 4 was $590..now $1400 a month. Plane analogy not very smart. Not happy! #NFIB.
@SenAlexander doesn't care about hardworking people like you. He only wants to entitle the non working people. He's like you to pay more.
I'm looking forward to seeing Lamar lose his seat in next election.
Senators Lisa Murkowski, Susan Collins, and John McCain were "men enough" to put country before party.
https://www.facebook.com/gary.fair.16/posts/1434940449874703 …
You knew the skinny repeal was garbage and you voted YES on it anyway. Jesus is watching. And so are the voters. #ForThePeople #ByThePeople
Now, work across the aisle and repair ACA, not repeal it.
I'm glad to know how you lied to me on the vote to repeal Obamacare.  You make me sick and as one who voted for you for years never again.
Thank you for looking after TN constituents health!
NO repeal of ACA, undemocratic & unethical process.  Vast majority want bipartisan ACA, not destruction of healthcare. People over politics!
Just more excuses..
#FullRepeal should have passed yesterday & u should have voted for it
#VoteAlexanderOut #Tennessee
Vote no on skinny repeal. This will destabilize the markets and hurt Tennesseans.
I do not support skinny repeal do the right thing and get bipartisan support
Hoping you'll vote NO on the skinny repeal tonight as well. The world is watching. Do the right thing.
Very well said @SenAlexander
Don't rush this through like this. Have a good plan before any repeal.
Well your ARSE had 7 years to figure out when where & how you were going to land that damn plane.  Come next election pls exit the plane.
Alexander you are a RINO for the last time in TN
We are up, we are watching, vote NO this is not how things should be done. #SkinnyRepeal means millions lose coverage, 1/4 m in TN!!!!
If you vote NO I will vote NO to you at election in 2018
Well said!
Lamar;  my sis has 350.00 a month left to live on after paying her Obama insurance.   Get rid of this thing.
You by far had the best ideas on health insurance.  Here's your chance. Make us proud
Only one provider in TN. Many drs don't accept it. Premiums up 175% since 2013. Government doesn't need to be involved in our healthcare.
That's a piss poor reason to vote against it, what about all the people paying ridiculous rates for something they'll never get?
We sent you to Washington to do a job for TN not to obstruct! By voting NO you are sealing your fate in TN! Get to work and #MAGA
We live in TN and are depending on you to at least vote for the Skinny Repeal since we can't buy individual healthinsurance in our county!
Simply put: Vote NO on the skinny repeal bill. Risking that poorly thought out legislation becoming law would be reckless!
McCain-Portman-Murkowski-Capito-Heller-Collins-Alexander,7 Republicans who voted AGAINST repealing the lie of Obamacare!Voters won't forget.
I'll bet washington would have a great healthcare plan for its citizen's if they (Fed Govt.) were force to use it as well.
Please just fix the problems with the ACA by amending it.  Stop with this wacky, perfomative brinksmanship.  So, vote no on repeal/replace.
If you can't vote to repeal and replace when it actually counts, Im fairly certain I cannot vote for you.  I can't afford obamacare.
Repeal!!
Cancelling insurance for 22 million Americans should not be an option. #KillTheBill Vote no on skinny repeal.
You are a traitor to the American voters. Your word means nothing. You have no honor.  I will work to send you home.
Alexander needs to be recalled. Where did all of these idiots in Nashville come from?
THANKYOU FOR ONLY CARING ABOUT YOUR HEALTHCARE
We will remember this with our vote, unacceptable. Join the Democratic Party where you belong
Senator, Thank you for your vote.  I agree completely.
Thank you for today's "no" vote!!!
TN- u gonna take this from six Senators on stage that laughed about an antique phone instead of getting downto busisness?
You guys voted for this same bill in 2015 to make OBama look bad.  Now u flip flopped on Trump.  Shmucks.
.@SenAlexander @SenBobCorker gotta vote NO on #SkinnyRepeal 16 mil Americans & 1/4 mil TNs lose coverage. Repeal is wrong. Do what's right!
Stand up always ! I was so proud to see ONE TN Senator vote against the repeal-not-replace. Your pilot allegory was perfect. Keep it up!!!!!
2015 statement was the wisest thing is repeal completely these make small changes (paraphrased)
You are from Chattanooga and I feel ashamed of you. You were voted in in 1996 and can just as easily be voted out when you come up again.
If you have an ounce of humanity you will NOT vote for this horrible "skinny repeal" bill!
@SenJohnMcCain @SenCapito @SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski @senrobportman  there's no excuse for not having a plan.
PLEASE #VoteNo #noskinnyrepeal OUR LIVES DEPEND ON IT!!
Thank you for watching out for those of us in the individual marketplace!
Thank you SenAlexander for your vote for responsible governance. As you said, blowing up the individual insurance mkt would be catastrophic
U are the very essence of why Trump got elected!!
Citizens worked very hard based on campaign promises and 2015 vote. This was one of the biggest deceptions in political history!!
‘I Am Totally Burned Out’: Patients Watch Health Care Debate With Dread https://nyti.ms/2u2i2EO  @SenBobCorker
Thank you, Sen. Alexander for not dumping millions. Exhausted from Trumpian chaos + fear & uncertainty.
It was a 2 year phase out and would force the do nothing congress to work! You knew that. You're making excuses and you will be replaced.
You suck
What part of "repeal" don't you understand? In 2015 you were for it.
Get out of our healthcare!  Stop OBAMACARE!
Traitor.
Translation: I had no obama to veto as my safety net, so I voted with my personal convictions, showing my true colors.

Enjoy your last term
I expect you, Sen Alexander, to always put constituents, TN, and USA ahead of GOP and false pride. Vote No Skinny Bill
Please vote NO on tonight's vote on Skinny Bill! Passing a Bad bill is NOT a smart way to a GOOD bill! What's the hurry?
Thank you #saveourcare
Fake Republican #DrainTheSwamp   TN corruption!!
Schumer has said NO to "cheap" free market insurance plans because they won't have all the coverage in there he thinks should be in there.
You hear that  ocomming 
It's the TRUMP TRAIN Xpress
It's coming for you hear that  ocomming Choo choo choo
Disgusting. People voted for you to vote to repeal Obamacare. Instead you make excuses not to when your vote counts the most. #ImpeachLamar
Senator Alexander: I will vote for your opponent in the future.  You are part of the swamp that needs to be drained.  Germantown resident.
those people in the pics you've posted may have preexisting conditions or need healthcare in the future...don't fail them...fight...say NO
So over lunch you want us to believe you have come up with a bill you couldn't craft in 7 years?  Stop this madness now!  VOTE NO!
I don't agree. Free the market. Get gov't out completely and insurance will be better and cheaper. You'll never get my vote in the future.
Vote "no" today, too.
Let  market work
We need to come together no bailout for insurance companies
Are we sure you're not a rino
We must repeal & replace
Thank you for realizing how horrible a vote on nothing would be for this country.
Vote no on trump care, instate single payer and impeach trump.
We don't want to hear your lame excuses. If you had voted to repeal Obamacare I'd have been shocked! #RepealObamacare #MAGA
Proud of you today!

Do something!  Show some leadership. I am so disappointed in the inability to act.
Thank you so much...my disabled son, and Veteran Husband are depending on you! 
What kind of health care plan do you have in mind?  You have nothing, just taking health care away from the most needy?  Stop your repeal.
Wow, you are basically using the lefts talking points here. The 22 million don't have a choice today, R's are supposed to be about giving 1
Can't wait to vote you out.
"Skinny repeal" of Obamacare would leave 16 million more people uninsured in a decade!! @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenBobCorker
#TarAndFeather these liars #NeverTrumpsters
You can suck it cause your nest is big enough to help  everybody. Hypocrite
How can you assume to know what Tennessee thinks when you don't know us at all!
Not going to vote for you ever again.
You lied that you wouldn't return to public office, you lied when you voted to repeal in 2015; time to retire you've lost all your integrity
you vote with the #demoncRATS and you end up with the #demoncRATS - BEWARE of the silent majority that put @realDonaldTrump in office #MAGA
You ran on replacing Obama care and didn't do it when you had the chance. Flip-flopper.
Like everything else in the Marketplace our Market dollars cause competition to help make things cheaper.
Government Healthcare is a joke! You people suck at everything you do. Get your nose out of business and stick to politics @realDonaldTrump
Thank you, sir, for being brave enough to buck party lines and vote responsibly for your constituents.
Obamacare is all about socialism in keeping the people oppressed. It must be repealed and not replaced the markets need to take care of it.
You are a Democrat in Republican clothing. I want you to repeal Obamacare and then resign.
You can bet I will never vote for you again here in Tennessee you crazy old codger.
THANK YOU, Senator Alexander. You are sticking up for all the good folks of TN (and elsewhere) who will lose access to healthcare.
Get govt out of healthcare- you have run Vereran's Admin and Medicare in the ground- you proved you are not capable of managing HlthCare
My statement on your vote.. pathetic performance .. we need civil servants working for the people...not civil impotence; hope to replace you
I will never vote for you again. You are not a representative of your constituents, & you have fallen in with the bad apples in WH. SAD!
Please vote against skinny repeal.
We experienced OCare 1st hand- premiums tripled in 2 years- deductible so high we could not afford to get sick- enough is enough!
You're wrong about what Tennesseans would 'feel comfortable with' - we asked to be rid of Obamacare, and that's what we expected you to do.
You had 7 years to come up with an excellent alternative. You voted to repeal in 2011- what changed? Represent TN or be voted out in 2017
Vote No on any bill that cuts Medicaid and causes MILLIONS to lose health insurance!  Repair the ACA!  #KillTheBill
No, but you let millions more pay higher premiums than they already do. You're a disgrace.
So you agree that 22 Million Americans without Healthcare is fine as long as @POTUS is happy
You do NOT have my permission to vote on a Healthcare bill that has not been scored by the CBO. We are a democracy - this should be public!
I am under the opinion the 22 million is questionable. What's wrong with going back to pre-ACA & tweak insurance regulations. Full time jobs
Free market healthcare or bust! I hope you and Corker are primary'd out of office! We know when we are being scammed!
We need a clean repeal of Obama care. Politicians need to get out of the healthcare industry's back pocket. We are tired of be scammed!
Many tennesseans will lose health insurance
 Memphis #  (901) 544-4224  is working u can get a live person #Indivisible #KillTheBill
So you'll be voting no on this sham empty framework "skinny" bill too, I presume? Since u said it will change in unknown ways in conference?
