Thank you Senator, please show us that compromise is possible.
Guess you have not noticed Democrats do not negotiate.  They vote no to anything Republican. You just want Dem agenda passed by GOP
I don't see Da asking Rs to pass a Public Option...
They just vote NO as a block to any GOP legislation
All legislation so far has had, by design, 0 D input. In fact, even 0 input from moderate Rs...which is why Rs couldn't even get to 50 on HC
Yet ACA was 100% DNC only. No working with GOP. It is why it is so screwed up. Not sustainable. Insurance & Drug companies get rich
Reality is ACA needs demolished totally. Pit insurance companies into competition mode, open across state lines. Trump has right start
Do you know that Insurance could already be sold across state lines all this time since 2009?
You have NO CLUE what reality of living with ACA is.  Already rising 30-40% per year & you thin prop is up will prevent a terrible 20% rise
NO!!! Supreme Court already ruled it illegal! Stop the bandaids and get rid of ACA now
All the liberals supporting should tell you that this is WRONG!!!!
Alexander is a liberal Democrat. He tells this to close friends in TN.
Thank you. The ACA isn’t perfect but scrapping or sabotaging it won’t help. Bipartisan solutions finally!!!
What Obama did was illegal 
There is no sabotaging 
The ACA is unconstitutional 
Do U know what Unconstitutional means
Government involvement in health care is unconstitutional!
You and the rest of Congress should have to do what the rest of us do for healthcare and retirement
Government has ruined healthcare.  Cost is astronomical!!!!   No changes in site.
Feeling weirdly proud of you and @SenBobCorker lately. Keep up the good work!
Lamar Alexander should resign because he can't read.
We the people want it repealed. Don't even try to fix it. We the people can. Government only ruins things. Gvmt makes life worse.
Ur a HACK & We the American People will sure let him know !!
Must continue to compromise/real people are impacted/no place for egos/pretentious slogans/ignorance-always middle ground/tired of rhetoric
Thank you for the bipartisan effort, Senator
Please give the Insurance Companies 'YOUR' money and stop giving them ours. ACA is a total failure because of these sneaky little tricks.
How about the 25th please ...
Please do not add tax payers dollars to fund ACA Navigators. They did not perform. Use it to pay professionals
Screw off! U r a traitor & VIOLATED ur PROMISE of #FullRepeal of #ObamaCare Tax & all its toxicity!  stealing our earned income!
It's not a bipartisan deal as much as it is a fire extinguisher due to our arsonist, pyromaniac @POTUS. #DefeatGOP to #MAGA
Thank you Senator Alexander.  Thank you for leading and for putting Country over party.I would still walk with you across Tn.
Senator you took the bait; next step is block grants to each state for the disbursement of Insurance dollars- I thought you would be wiser.
End the subsidies - end Obamacare - this is a bad fix
Thank you for your bipartisanship and compromise. I hope our other representatives follow your lead.
As a Democrat, may I thank you for your efforts in behalf of the American people.
Stabilization?  Try free market reforms Lamar; u remember the ones u claim to believe in as an alleged Republican?
Thank you.
@marcorubio pls let me understand we who PAY insane HC premiums and some can’t even get healthcare b/c of deductible should pay copays&
Deducts for people that aren’t paying premiums?Can u not see this is ridiculous. ACÁ was written to be ridiculous.The goal is singlepayer
This can’t be saved.unfair&ridiculous Either get the fortitude to kill the monster or Single Payer is coming.Congress needs to feel our pain
Oh, no you don't.  Because I don't trust you, the House Freedom Caucus already has marching orders to kill the deal.
I lost my doctor and pay $10,000 for healthcare not including my large deductible. I want what you have Lamar.
Our small biz catrostrophic health coverage with BC / BS just doubled to $1,600 / mo.  There is ZERO worth saving in the ACA!
This compromise would still require my 48 year old wife to still carry birth coverage.  Oh, and I have had a vesectomy!  The ACA is idiotic!
Little difference between Republicans today and Liberals.  This plan by Alexander does nothing but maintain status quo 4 two years.  JOKE!
This doesn't help anybody. My disabled brother has no insurance because he can't afford O-care.  Its all smoke & mirror BS. Taxpayer money
What is wrong with you? You want  to give money to insurance  to offset taxpayer costs.  Where do you think that money comes from? TAXPAYERS
Shame on you sideing with the Democrats, being from Tennessee I voted for you but not anymore you trader.
Thank you for working in a bipartisan way to help American citizens!!!
Please retire, voters, voted for repeal & replace, not prop up and subsidies,  #realDonaldTrump , , Amnesty, no tax cuts #GOP sucks
I want to thank you Sen. Alexander 4 your part in saving our healthcare Thank you from the bottom of my heart! Don’t hurt Medicaid/Medicare
Bot
Thank you for caring sir
Better not let me lose my insurance
Kudos Senator...
liberals are loving your bipartisan(liberal) bailout of obamacare you corrupt lying communist.. republican establishment must be dealt with
R U kidding me. A typical politician Trump and his voters r going to flush down the toilet. U R extending Obamacare??What lobbyist control u
Thank you for focusing on healthcare.  We need a way to provide good inexpensive heslthcare.
Betrayal of the American people again. You should resign. It is only a matter of time till your gone, yet we suffer everyday under you.
Thank you & @PattyMurray for working together to correct the situation.
How's your investment portfolio there Lamar? I bet you got Health Insurance stock.
The subsidies were illegal.  Money was being stolen from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.   You've had 8 years to do what you promised.  Repeal!
Please, just go away, or just join the @SenateDems #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #NewTrumplicans #Rino #Establishment #Globelist
You are the greatest. Thank you for all you have done for TN and the US.
Just repeal Obamacare, Senator.  It’s what you and your RINO colleagues were elected to do.
Next primary is going to suck for you.
Thank you!
thank you!!!!
Why?  Maybe Blue Cross and Blue shield is your largest donor??? You are the problem with Washington you gotta go! @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOPLeader
It's about time we saw some compromise and bipartisanship in Washington.
You just gave the Democrats a bunch of talking points, gave and Insurance Companies bailouts and screwed the taxpayers. RESIGN NOW!!!
Remember, insurance premiums were sky rocketing long before ACA came along. Companies shop for best deal.
To bad you guys couldn't do this while you were voting a zillion times to kill ACA?
This is the most pathetic "deal" I have ever seen. You give the Democrats everything and get NOTHING in return. @GOP SUCKS!!!
Get a brain Lib. The Insurance Companies made record profits last year so why are we bailing them out?
It's not a binding commitments because it's illegal payments.
Bailout for what? The Insurance Companies made record profits last year. WTF did you get in return? Maybe inside trade deal?
#InsuranceBailout #Puppet #RINO #Corporatist #Globalist #BoughtAndSold
Good to hear lamar .. thx you
#repealobamacare NO #bailouts
