You have to fly somewhere to watch a funeral on tv? Thnx for again wasting our money
It is a Rich Peoples Country Club, not the Southern White House. 
@Comey @MichaelAvenatti @AriMelber @funder
That is standard practice, liberals. The last time a sitting President attended a First Lady’s funeral was in 1962 when Kennedy went to Roosevelt’s wife. Cut that divisive rhetoric you sick, sick individuals.
It truly scares me that even on posts so solemn and unifying, liberals have the nerve to troll.
Oh but it's ok when your president does that anytime someone calls him out on his lies or disagrees with him?
There no such place as the Southern White House. Last guy who tried that was Jefferson Davis.
Southern white house?? You have to be joking right!

Her surgeon should win an award.
Please stop saying Southern White House. You mean your private club that taxpayers have to fund every weekend you stay there and where members pay 200k so they can influence you to their own profit. Criminal waste of our tax dollars under Emoluments law..
So glad you didn’t go. There were so many great Past Presidents there! Only the best for Barbara!
No you were holding, you have no love for The Great family like the Bush family, you will never come close to them
The Shit-gibbon's  so broke, he needs the room rental fee from his Southern #Shithole.

It was made clear that @realDonaldTrump was not welcome.


Melania Trump looks relaxed and actually, almost happy.. for the first time —ever.
Happy to be sitting next to a REAL President
She never smiles when little donnie is around
Who could blame her?
It isn't often she finds herself in the presence of people with integrity, compassion, & human values.
We do not have a southern White House.

Thank God you didn't go Mrs Bush would have turned over in her coffin. She couldn't stand you. I'm sure she's not fond of your porno queen either 
A beautiful day?
So I take it you weren’t invited
“I have pride and I have dignity and stuff like that, but so many women, around the world, they live with the men knowing that they are cheating and stuff like that.” Ivana
Stop calling it southern White House
Melania looks SO happy to be single at this gathering.
You didn't have to go i wouldn't but i did watch.God bless America is Strong and ALWAYS will be...So are You PRESIDENT TRUMP.
Tx Gdod u didn't show up there and ruin everyones day!
Would have thought it was worthy of the VP to attend.
@realDonaldTrump watching Barabara Bush funeral at Mar-a-Lago:
When’s the divorce?
i hate to break it to you, but no one cares
We don't have a Southern White House. For further info check location with
Trump makes millions off of his golfing weekends, at tac payer expense. And what? Calling it the southern white house, makes it ok? Stfu Donnie. #TrumpCorruption #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCrimeSyndicate


There is no “Southern White House” you small-handed ruffian.
Best thing I’ve seen all day.
That's okay we sent a real man to take care of things. While you cowered and hid.
You’re “real man” is a homosexual.  True story.
That all you got?!
@chuckschumer PLEASE TAKE NOTE of the @potus using this tweet to raise the value of a personal piece of property by calling it the Southern White House. This is like spitting in the face of lady liberty, while wiping his butt w/ the American Flag and a MAJOR ethics violation @CNN
There is no southern WH.  Just your vacation property that charges us millions for you to party with your rich donors.   Call it what it is, the taxpayer rip-off private trump club.
So what was when Obama took his family on week long vacations?  A good investment?
All presidents  need vac’s however this jerk spoke on tv thathe w/have time for golfing???? Typical lying
All presidents need to work, and be present at American tax payer properties, for more than 3-4 days a week.  Don’t most go on vacation one or two times a year?   (At 2-4 weeks off a year)
And why weren't you there?  Can't play grown up long enough to pay your respects or face the people who you talked about behind their backs?
John 15:18
“If the #world #hates you, you know that it #hated Me before it #hated you.
#GOD bless our #Nation  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD protect our #Nation  #RedeemerLives #OneNationUnderGOD
Separation of Church and State
Hosea 14:9
Who is wise? Let him understand these #things. Who is prudent? Let him know them. For the #ways of the #Lord are #right; The #righteous walk in them, But #transgressors stumble in them.
Matthew 7:15-20 

15 Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.

16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?
17 Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.

18 A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.
19 Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.

20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.
@FLOTUS  finally got fucked that night! Woooo!
You didn’t go “for security reasons” your team says. So you, coward that you are, send your wife. Be honest. You’re ashamed to face the Bush family who call you out for what you are: unfit to serve.
There is NO Southern White House you schmuck! Clearly you were not welcome at the funeral and I can’t say as I blame them! Melania probably so glad to spend time away from you. Good for her!
There is no southern white house dickhead.  When are you going to pay back the taxpayer money you waste on your golf junkets????
and she is getting laid
In other her words “I’ll be golfing today so please be nice to my wife. I care about nothing but myself”. 
There Spanky I fixed your tweet
I heard you were out on the golf course during the funeral
Amazing you are always wake you say the WRONG thing every single time
Playing golf at Maralago.  You're a pig.

 @POTUS please call the Queen and speak for us. This will set precedent euthanizing Children and babies!! @RoyalFamily @Pontifex help him https://twitter.com/les_deplorable/status/988140570492063744 …
If it is the Southern White House, I will expect to visit it just as I am entitled to visit the one in Washington. The White House is property of the American public and we are entitled to access. BTW, the White House is not for profit. How about MAL?
Haven't seen your wife smile so big with you in public as she did with the greatest POTUS EVER, the one and only @BarackObama
Exactly! And in this AMAZING PHOTO of MY PRESIDENT @BarackObama  @MichelleObama @BillClinton @HillaryClinton @GeorgeHWBush @laurawbush 
George Bush Senior &
@FLOTUS 
#democrats &  #republicans being civil. U knw this wldn't  of EVER happened if Donald Trump IGNORANT ASS was arnd.
Fantastic
Just when I think you can’t possibly be any more of a POS, you prove me wrong.
THERE IS NO SOUTHERN WHITE HOUSE, YOU IDIOTIC DOTARD. JUST ONE, IN D.C. IN WHICH YOU WILL BE LEAVING SOON.. CALL IT #IMPEACHED


Coward!
#BarbaraBush Oh no! You were going to watch the funeral service at the Southern White House? That's where Mrs. Bush was supposed to be buried? This is terrible! Somebody really screwed up! They were all in Houston! No wonder you gave up and just played some nice golf!
Oh geezus, there is no southern White House. Get over yourself.
A$$hole! You don’t respect Barbara Bush! And, likewise, a$$hole!
It’s irreverent and Un-American to refer to your cheap property as The Southern Whitehouse. The real White House is rich in history, with worthy presidents having lived there for many years (until you). Yours is a fly-by-night cheap motel where prostitution is rampant. It’s ugly.
If it's the “southern whitehouse" can the people keep it after you leave?
And does that mean it's open to the public.
So you flew to Florida just to watch TV...wtf, that's gotta cost the US taxpayers a bunch.

Flight records obtained by Bloomberg detail the 45 hours and 43 minutes that Trump spent in Moscow in 2013, though the president told Comey he didn't spend the night there. https://bloom.bg/2HXWou8 
Too bad you've offended so many people that you are not able to attend.
Liar
Southern White House?  Lolol. You're a pig and always will be.  More the the swine house.

Well, it's not like you were invited is it ?
What kind of sociopath thinks a funeral will be a beautiful day? I would say develop some empathy but you're too old.

Is that Obama asking Melania is the president putting me under investigation 
Since you consider that the "southern white house" will the people gain possession once you're indicted?
How many televisions did they have out on the golf course?
Why did you have to go to Mara la go?  Are all the televisions broken at the white house? I think not. You just love to waste the peoples money. Need to start billing you for all of these wasted and totally unnecessary trips you make, bet you would keep your bleep! in Washington.
Wow, another douche move!
And, you played golf. Geez.
Rip Barbra Bush
You are a piece of crap! #2545NOW
Bribe a Largo. Mired in Lardo. People are so funny!
Je kif trop trump c'est le meilleure président qui publie les trucs sur tweetez
Great way to pay tribute to the Bush's thru TV on a golf course he can't sacrifice a weekend
Don't worry, when you are indicted and convicted for Treason, Maralogo will become public property.
#impeachTrumpnow
WHO WANTS TO TRACK TRUMP's GOLF OUTINGS? http://trumpgolfcount.com/    #maga my a$$
Its a beautiful day bc ur not there!!!! BAMMM She can smile n its bc ur not there!!!
“Southern Whitehouse”...lol.  GTFOH
Bet you were seething while Melania and your wife laughed
Your hideaway is not OUR nation’s Southern White House. A 2nd White House doesn’t exist. You’re incapable of living full time in THE White House for President of the U.S. since you know you can never live up to any standards of the 44 presidents who led our country before.
Soooo Carter had to give up his peanut farm but this slimy fuck can promote his resort,while the tax payer covers his trip to said resort, the same day he should be at a state funeral, but he wasn’t wanted or invited and @GOP is ok with this? 
Y’all really do want a blue wave huh
You can’t call your personal, for profit business the Southern White House unless it belongs to the people of the United States AND average Americans can visit there without being paid members.  So....
Nice
Your wife spent the day with a man who can still get an erection. @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP @IvankaTrump @BarackObama @POTUS
There is no Southern White house.  What is wrong with you?
There is only ONE White House!
Thank you for not attending and distressing this family today.
Mr. Bone Spur: THERE IS NO SOUTHERN WHITE HOUSE. It's a dumpy country club. You're delusional! Damn, you're a pig. PS- Barbara Bush hated your guts. "Donald Trump is a comedian... I don't know how women can vote for [Trump]."~ B. Bush
#LoserTrump
#Impeach
Swamp-a-lago
Idiot.
Why aren't you there? Did they ask you not to come?  Did Barbara specifically ask you not to come? 

....or was playing golf more important doing your job. 

Very disappointing, but not surprising.
BS........you were playing golf and trash-tweeting during the funeral!!  Why can’t you stay at the WH once in a while instead of costing the American people millions every weekend? The Secret Service already maxed, overworked! You couldn’t care less!! Selfish!!
So, did you send her a bouquet of paper towels or anything?

He was told to stay away!
A real man would have gone to pay his respects to his predecessor’s deceased wife. But what else is new?

Did you not attend Barbara Bush’s funeral out of respect, out of fear, or were you not invited?  Either way, you should be ashamed of yourself, your words and actions. Mrs. Bush could not tolerate your vulgar ways. She had class. YOU do not!
You were not allowed to attend. She hated YOU shows how wise she was.

Hey GRIFTER IN CHIEF MAR A LAGO IS NOT THE SOUTHERN WHITE HOUSE.
Goes to show how dedicated you are to a former first lady that is a American citizen. Smdh.
“Now that it is Spring, why is Trump still living at his "Winter White House", or “Southern White House” profiting off of his stay there and charging tax payers more and more money by the week?  Being the U.S. President is a job, not a vacation!”
Let's be fair the weather is terrible in the NE it's not feeling like spring. It's a blessing he didn't go classes up the event.
"Southern White House" is NOT A FUCKING THING
Sorry, Laura, I'm with you, but this is incorrect. I thought the same, but found that this actually is a normal practice.

G.W. Bush, LBJ, Nixon, and Regan all had "Southern" or "Winter" white houses.

I detest @potus, he is wrong or lying 99% of the time, but this is not one.
As much as it seems like arrogance on @potus 's part, (and it very well probably is), it's not unusual.
It's not the southern White House. The American people own the White House. You own Mar-A-Lago. This rebrand you're trying is an attempt to monetize the presidency.
Cool. So can the president following you, provided they want to, fly to “The Southern White House” nearly every weekend as well?
Your golden palace in Florida is not the southern White House, dipstick.
Booking free tours to the People's house?

Thank you Sir.
Southern White House? Mar-a-Lardo? The dump by the sea? I’d rather live near Fukushima.
No TVs in DC?
And your fat ass chose to golf rather than honor her
Why didn't you go in person. Afraid the other boys would pick on you and make fun? POS coward.
And furthermore why the hell are we tax payers footing the bill for you to sit in Florida and watch tv and golf every weekend. Waste. Waste. Waste.
is that supposed to make if feel less painful that all of our tax dollars are wasted on your trips and your golfing. what do you think when you go back to your tweets about Obama and how he wasted time golfing....
Your crack pot resort is not the “southern White House”
Barbara Bush took dumps that had more dignity than your whole family..
Melania enjoyed her ‘freedom for a day’ with a real man #NotMyPresident #DonTheCon
It’s not the southern White House you feckless dotard- i’s a golf course where you go to vacation-you know vacations #presidentspanky you’ve spent a full 1/3 of your #FakePresidency on one.
Guess you had more important things to do than attend like twittering away.  Oh yeah thats right they can't stand you so best if you didn't attend.
There is no such thing as a southern White House
Mel certainly looked "all smiles" there with Obama!
You didn't go because you were afraid the @BarackObama @43georgebush @JimmyCarter39th were going to stand guard at the door while @GeorgeHWBush kicked some sense into that sick, perverted skull of yours.
Heard you played golf instead. You will go down in history for taking the most vacations ever for a sitting president.  Cha. Ching.
His underlying motto “Do what I say, not what I do.”  A REAL role model for our kids, huh? It’s unnerving at EVERY level.
Chicken shit. Afraid to go yourself and be totally overshadowed by your predecessors.
Trump, your crappy private play ground is Not the southern White House and never will be, get over it.
Opt out of organ donations. That’s their entire purpose from day one
It was a funeral not a wedding...

You should be embarrassed for not being there...Oh, i forgot...you have no heart or concious. Melania is having a great time without you.
Hey #ComradeTrump and all his deplorable worshippers! THERE IS NO SOUTHERN WHITE HOUSE!!! Only one is in D.C which will need a good cleansing once we flush you out of office!!! #ImpeachTrump
Instead of TRULY being a leader, you act like an infant & with so much disrespect during Funeral Service of revered former First Lady & Mother. You are sick & pathetic & cannot wait until we have a REAL leader once again! #DisgracefulTrump
There is no such thing as a Southern White House...
If you were a real President you would be actually going to Texas with your wife to to pay respects to a classy former First Lady. What are you doing instead? Playing golf. Classy real classy dude.
Nice way to shirk your responsibility.
There is no Southern Whitehouse, just the people’s house in DC. That is your cheap attempt to cover the fact that u said great President Obama took too much vacation and you have been off more in 1 year than he was in 4! #LiarinChief #Gaslighting
We do not have a southern White House and we refuse to recognize one of your properties as any such thing, sir.
CC .@POTUS
We don't have a southern White House! That piece of opulence violating the emoluments clause, fleecing the US Treasury of funds for your personal gain, is NOT the WH. Try again.
There is NO SOUTHERN WHITE HOUSE.
Despite the fact that it was a funeral, Melania had great time away from Dickless Donald.

She smiled and laughed like she hasn't in years. Obviously FLOTUS enjoying her time away from Flatulent POTUS.
Wouldn’t it be cool if a foreign government, like Iran, found Cheeto guilty of money laundering and wanted him extradited so he could rot in their prisons?
@realDonaldTrump This Tweet (Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Housto...) has been CLASSIFIED: Mar-a-Lago, Barbara Bush, Melania Trump, Texas, Days.  See more #ttweets at ...
You know there's a reason the "White House" is called #ThePeople'sHouse you ignoramus! #FakePresident
That’s your summer home you dope the White House is in Washington and shame on you for not going to Barbara Bush funeral you are an a$$
How thoughtful of you
Did you seriously just call your tacky private club “the southern White House” with zero shame, hoping people wouldn’t realize you vacationed during Barbara Bush’s funeral? You are gross. And hey, your wife genuinely laughed talking to President obama.
FFS...Stop branding your golf course the southern whitehouse (in caps no less).
Why weren't you there you classless unPresidential cad?
Liar...you were golfing.   Glad Melania got to experience how  REAL Presidents conduct themselves.
I see what you’re doing here. Racist implications of “Southern White House” aside, you’re attempting to legitimize your constant golf trips at great cost to the taxpayers and great profit to yourself. The only White House is in DC. Your office is there. You should check it out.
Um.....no, your gilded cage is not a place for the American people, just you ...
Pay ur respects?  U don’t respect anyone & Barbara disliked u immensely. Would not have wanted u anywhere near her!!!
Did the invite say “no children” is that why you aren’t there?
There is no Southern White House. It's a hotel where you play golf and cost us millions.
Southern white house ?!  Haha. You mean your ridiculously over priced, private club of (little) di@ksucking sycophants.
College students are going to be thrown out of college for making fun of a disabled person, but you got elected. What a disturbing and disgusting and disgraceful situation, hope all your 40% are proud.
I like Melania or loveless first lady
Dude you made that shit up. There is no such thing as the “southern White House”. It doesn’t matter how many times you say it. It’s not a thing!

@POTUS is it a "beautiful day" because your wife is in another state?
Why are you not there? Oh that’s right you were told not to by the Bush family.
Watching a funeral and a coffin carrying a corpse will be accompanied by beauty
Yes I'm sure it was a beautiful day for those thankful you were NOT there to embarrass yourself and degrade the occasion. Just as you reference your private property that you escape to regularly as the Southern White House. You're slime.
INot the Southern Whitehouse ! How is it not a conflict &illegal to spend taxpayers money at property you own ?  So shameful! If u want to be there all the time resign or stay in DC & do the job u took an oath to do. Taxpayers provide that house to President, not a golf course
He should just stay at Swamp-a-Lago until the feds come to collect him or Putin sends him his return ticket to come back to Moscow.
