Shut up!
We will not tolerate chemical attacks on men woman and children, there instead we will drop tomahawk missiles on them while they sleep
FALSE FLAG LIES!
#wagthedog
Ah, the Penalty of Leadership (Macmanus)......
Mission accomplished! That's never bitten anyone in the ass. He doesn't know history from two presidents ago, let alone understand the sectarian differences.
- For those engaged in military service;
 for those who combat war and violence daily,
 and risk their lives that our world may know peace,
 we pray to the Lord.
Amen
But poisoning children in Flint is fine? Using military force against people protesting poisoning a river for profit is fine? How about protecting children from fracking chemicals or air pollution from industrial sources? Are we going to bomb TX & PA next? Think of the children!
You are no Politician for what the Republican Party stands for and I pray for you
@ProfessorRyanGo 
Your classroom material is writing itself with the new Syria strikes.
Meanwhile ISIS is laying in the cut ready to be revived. So these strikes thanks for nothing.
Thank you!! God bless the US!!
Thank you ???? We didn’t hit anything .   Russia knew what we were doing .
I am aware of what we did. I don’t need you to tell me. I was thanking our president for finally doing what needs to be done
ACCEPT REFUGEES
No refugees. We already have to many and a burden on the American Citizens.
It seems easy for you armchair quarterbacks to say what you are saying when you are living in this great country, watching TV and listening to the radio.  This is a necessary evil.
Block me.
Impeachment
Impeachment
Won’t happen. Re-Election will
The disgrace in Chief will be forced to resign after they charge him with treason!
Yawn!!!! Keep living in your fake reality. If you think a Republican house will impeach a republican president who hasn’t done anything outside of his power
Both of you are in fantasy worlds. He won’t be imprisoned. Possibly impeached, but not removed from office.  He certainly won’t be re-elected, Clinton runs again, which won’t happen, or the Dems run Harvey Weinstein again him. Lol. Step back from your bubbles y’all.
He will be re-elected. Watch

But you won’t take refugees you fake Christian.

You people are funny. When he said those things he didn’t have all the top secret info that he does now. Keep trying snow flakes
So the constitution only applies sometimes
Yup. Typical MAGA cultist. Putins puppet Trump gets all the benefit of the doubt
Yeah, this bombing might put the USA and Russia at war. There goes that narrative
Lol...sure it will. Keep letting them wag your dog homie.
They sound like the brain washed North Koreans but swear they are “free thinkers”
Lol right
Murderers

GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS & COUNTRY! SCREW DRUMPF & PENCE!
Triggered clown.
I have a job, thanks though
You mean getting sexually assaulted by women?  That’s not a job, it’s more of a hobby.  Oh and collecting disability is not a paycheck.
Your mom’s bed.
God Bless and PROTECT these brave men. God BLESS this unstable world and bring PEACE to every corner.
Yep. Bringing peace with air strikes and bombing.  Cuz that makes complete sense. 
Do you call ... killing of innocent people?...women & children with Chlorine Gas sensible????  Is that to be accepted??. There is evil all around. Unfortunately, I can’t think of any other way to stop it. Do you have any suggestions???
People in Flint have been poisoned with lead ridden water for several years.  Lead or gas?  America is no different.
Trump has abandoned Puerto Rico but rushed to drop bombs on Syria...Trump's always preaching the "America First" agenda...he should put his money where his mouth is!
Not an informed or enlightened American are you?  You tout the 'Beautiful woods of Maine' but your pic is a sky full of electric wires...NOT very 'woodsy' or 'beautiful'...Go back to eating crayons and glue child, nobody's listening to you!!
World Leadership By Example!
Nice lie.
Trump has been compromised by Deep State, they always find a way, sex tapes in lawyers office probably, too convenient, chicken hawks praising this, libtards not opposed because this may take him down and lose his base
And you were sure to get congressional approval right?
Yes yes support hard core nazy jewish who stay behind chem attack .. boy Usa will fail same as jewish has over many time in history .
Praying for our brave service people.
he got all that out with just one pull of his string
#MAGA #ImpeachRosenstein
‘THEY’VE BEEN STONEWALLING FOR THE LONGEST PERIOD OF TIME

Don’t let the DOJ and FBI decide WHICH ONES they…
I don’t understand the republicans , don’t they know they hv the majority ?

The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
executive order... plus hes the Commander-in-Chief
Doesnt matter
This is not a kingdom and not yet a dictatorship. @realDonaldTrump has no ability or right to plunge us into war to deflect from his mounting personal and legal problems.
Lol... um sure 
I’m not sure what you’re stating Sharon. Are you unable to research the War Powers Act or just u willing? How about just a search of modern history?
Unless it's agent orange or white phosphorus
OAN interview reveals no gas bond dropped in Syria. Should take another look at facts.
13 times they have been used since ughauguration. why no action taken the other 11 times? you people have zero credibility.
What a lie
Tonight you can bet Trump had a lot of backs turned on him.
Sad you always have blood on your hands and they will always stay there it doesn’t matter how much I pray for forgiveness the world knows to look facing the Lord for our father in heaven if you even believe in all God or Jehovah or whatever. I never go to for your party
I guess when Obama did the same thing for the safety of Americans the blood was fake? Please don't show your ignorance. This is about Americans, not political affiliation. Pray 4 our Troops.
But allowing assault weapons to slaughter children here is ok with you because you won’t take on the NRA?  Hypocritical fools.


Good! Cause the only indictments coming are probably people you support! Get off the CNN wagon.


Why was Macron speaking to Congress about climate change and New World Order? #snake
ustedes tienen doble discurso los pueblos saben que están bombardeado para después saquear las riqueza de ese país. Malandros


Alright! Digging out 6 year old tweets. (or just being fed then by others). Nothing you do, say, tweet, write, or otherwise communicate will un-elect this president.
You have no proof as to who was behind the chemical attack.
I assume you do, since obviously you know more than the NSA, CIA and the military?
I thought we lived in a constitutional republic? Doesn't Congress have to authorize war? No? Guess we just have to have blind faith in government,  that should turn out well..
Authorize war yes. Obama used the same act when he was president.
The president can declare war
Only Congress has the power to declare war, we haven't had an official war since 1941. This is a criminal war, an act of aggression towards a sovereign nation.
You do realize the US military has been in Syria for quiet some time with congress knowing it?
Yes I do.. the US military has been interfering just about everywhere in the middle east for decades. Did Congress declare war or on Syria or not? They are the only ones allowed to authorize it!
You found chemical weapons in irak as well ha !!! You're pathetic.
Those who trust in the Lord are as secure as Mount Zion; they will not  be defeated but will endure forever. Psl.125 : 1.
This where the real Truth is - in the Bible. We can always depend on God to guide us through rough times.  
Just in a day Lord has done a wonder in Syria by His   people. PTL.
Pray for our brave Patriots fighting for Right and Just cause in keeping us free and safe.
God please watch over our troops. 
God please watch over are troops as they murder innocent people. Amen.
Even better idea, leave the US you commy bastard.
The POTUS made an illegal strike on another country.  He needs Congressional approval.  IMPEACH.
Every President since 1942 has sent our soldiers to foreign lands with out a declaration of war from Congress.
America isn't entirely in agreement with you on this, Mr. Vice President.

so perfect
So rather than give refuge to these people, we ask them to stay and die. When they are murdered, we respond with more death... how do you think our enemies will respond to that? How many will die because of unsubstantiated fear of the victims. Senseless.
Russian bot!!
I’m actually funded my George Soros.  isn’t that supposed to be the thing? The alt-right, anti-real conservatives, are losing track of their own ridiculous conspiracies. You all are parodies of yourself.
I'm pro American, I'm anti establishment! Defending a party that voted for a deep state insider is not democracy! I voted for a person that went up against the right and left establishment and I'm proud of it because I'm not a sheep!
What you voted for was an insider, NY conman, billionaire. A third gen draft dodger. I don’t even know of any other American fam, where three gens didn’t serve! He’s only ever looked out for himself, and he’s doing the same now. While you try to convince yourself U weren’t conned
Who did you vote for? Hillary Clinton or Communist Bernie? Hillary is the definition of deep state corruption. And Bernie is a socialist that was cheated out of a primary by Hillary! AKA the deep state! Name one other president that wasn't picked by the both party establishments?
It’s sad that you subscribe to unsubstantiated half-baked conspiracy theories and hyperbole. That does nothing for the country you say you love.
I'm enlightened by my eyes and common sense! To accuse my observations without evidence as conspiracy theories is naive!
Father thank You that You give wisdom and insight to President Trump and Vice President Pence and all those leading in this fight against evil. Protect all our military and allies. In Jesus name. Amen
Nope. Evil won tonight.
What evil? The missile strikes taking out suspected chemical weapons and possibly stopping future chemical attacks? Oh yea real evil saving innocents
Suspected and possibly are the keys words. No proof Assad was responsible. No guarantee this will deter future attacks. If "syrian rebels" or ISIS were responsible expect more and we have just became their air force. Every time we intervene in the middle east we make things worse
If you ever have time to watch part of this 60 minutes episode, please do. It is very heavy and hits the heart. It will change your mind. /s/www.cbsnews.com/amp/video/brutal-images-of-a-sarin-gas-attack-in-syria/
No it won't.  Because there is no proof Assad is responsible. It is more likely ISIS is responsible for the attacks than Assad. In which case we just aided ISIS who just began attacking Syria again the moment we started bombing. The monstrosities committed by ISIS are  far worse.
Yea did you watch the video or?
Do you have evidence Assad was responsible or no?
And a big awaaaa to you poor flacid  liberals.
God bless America
Mr. Vice President, America is so blessed to have a godly man such as yourself standing by @POTUS and by the American people. God chose a great team to turns things around for us all. ThankQ!
At the order of @POTUS and what of congressional approval?
Not needed.
Since when?
A president doesn't need permission to go to war. Hense Commander in Chief. He does however ha e the option to get congressional opion but w the way congress is right now on BOTH sides having dirty actors, he chose another option.
That’s not at all how the War Powers Act reads. And I find it convenient @realDonaldTrump is all Laissez-faire internationally until it serves his agenda to deflect from mounting legal and personal problems domestically.
War Powers. Article I, Sec 8, Clause 11 of the U.S. Constitution grants Congress the power to declare war. The President, meanwhile, derives the power to direct the military after a Congressional declaration of war from Article II, Section 2.

What was that again? Congress what?
Per your own response his acts are illegal. Congress has declared no such war.
Glad Putin approved it
Tell,  God hi for me the next time He speaks to you.  Further, please tell Him that the entire Trump administration really needs to be smitten.
Against greater odds thanks to Obama cowing down to the Russians. They had been expelled from the ME for 30 years. Now they are back causing mischief with Syria and Iran. The red line turned yellow.
https://www.scribd.com/doc/316341058/Donald-Trump-Jeffrey-Epstein-Rape-Lawsuit-and-Affidavits … and https://www.courtlistener.com/recap/gov.uscourts.nysd.463432.1.3.pdf … EXPLAIN WHY TRUMP RAPED A 13 YEAR OLD THEN THREATENED TO KILL HER AND HER FAMILY! I WILL NOT LET THIS ONE GO!
BAD MOVE, GO AFTER REAL BAD GUYS IN SYRIA. ASSAD ISN'T AN ANGEL BUT MUCH WORSE IN SYRIA!
Thats great for the longer survival of human life on planet earth
God bless all counties courageous all and everyone disabled soldier sue of woodgreen London uk.
Shut up! Just go away!
How about the refugees?  Do you care about them...
Congressional approval?
Not needed.
Please resign so America can be great again
It is sad that this has to be done. But it has to. I support the decision. My heart bleeds for the innocent lives lost. But I have faith in our forces and in my opinion the BEST President and Vice President and your team. Thank you all for all the hard work you do.
You are so freaking sad watching that honey ...USA took 11 refugees last year ..THATS SAD!
So the killing goes on without chemical weapons? !?
Wuhu city’s government of Anhui province of China kill my father in hospital in 2017,my father is a teacher and he love America and USA.they also want to threaten http://me.my  grandma commit suicide in 1976 because CPC forcibly occupy her house and refuse to pay rent.
Lol with balls? Trumps balls are buried somewhere in his bellybutton and pence’s are.. well you’d have to ask his wife.
Asswipe

Your political careers are O V E R
Try reading the comments on Fox News - I'd hate to be Israeli / Jews right now
We will not protect them this time honorable Mr. Vice President.
God bless America may God be with us so I pray for you Mike Pence and I pray for Donald J Trump every day I know that God will prevail

Stop that monster Assad!!!!

Stop poisoning our own population before you bomb another country. Also since when do we discuss military operations via Twitter. You are hands down the worst mistake ever made.
You are not welcome. Build a wall around your country and inside there you are welcome not to tolerate what ever you want. Leave the rest of the world alone. You kill and bully in the name of America 1st - not that of the wellbeing of people of the rest of the world. UR morals...
Good.  So I guess this means that those men, women and children are welcome here now, right?  Right?  You know if we'd let them come here last year, maybe as many wouldn't have had chemical weapons used against them, right?  Right?
CNN changed their headline, you accomplished your mission VP.  How many people died?
We're too late. This is how it begins. . .
I'm sure they didn't move anything after Bozo gave them a heads-up several days ago. This was a deflection on our dime.
How is it I see a pic of you at the briefing on Syria in the situation room and at the same time you were in Peru getting briefed by phone?  Does our gov have time travel capabilities you want to share??
Why did other countries follow us? Did the UK really think is they didn’t bomb something they would be accuse using chemical weapons on Syria? This is like the most fucked up high school gossip/bullying ever.
Todos los genocidas, Tiranos, Dictadores debes ser exterminados, Dios bendiga la paz y la justicia

#TrumpGenocida
You just wasted taxpayers money bombing an empty military facility no military equipment was damaged.
I support Pres Trump  per cent!
Cowards! Cowards! Go out and face them in a broad day light. Warmongers and blood suckers. Shame on you! @VP
Septic Shock is a Machine

Stop talking shit war criminal!
Oh hey, thanks for kicking up a horrible storm and conflict.  

Did Jesus tell you to do it?  And if he did,whichversion of Jesus is he?  Your version, obviously.
Excuse me, MORE conflict and shreds of human life strewn about.  Bits of hands, guts, an eye here and tooth there.  Is there empirical evidence that it was Assad? How much money will be made by this war.  Because it is a fact that only money is to be made.  And more war.
It wasn’t easy for them to make that decision. He knew he’d be attacked for his old tweets. We all speak up and speak out it one point in our life. But things change, especially once you become a president. The real question is was it the right thing to do?
He is not even sure if it is Assad either.  Here we go bush days.
“ TRUMP WAR GAMES” a spectacular SHAM and DIVERSION  from a failing presidency.
“HEY! We don’t like the kind of weapons you kill people with so we are going to kill you with weapons we say are okay to kill people with”

Go fuck yourself.

Protest in style. 
#Resist #Protest #Persist #Impeach #maga #NinjaHeart 
http://www.ninjaheart.etsy.com 
How about the chemical weapons,murders etc that intelligence agencies(here) committ to name a few?
Hypocrits! Secular science is needed to show how US Military is leaving the largest footprint on earth. You people are unskilled w/dull sensors, need to heal/step down + people need to vote in people that want to save life on earth ASAP. US GOV is destroying earth/space/your life
How to get so fast conclusion
When England do it recently
To TWIST TRUTH
& Accusing RUSIA
in the same TRICK

MAYBE 
THEY THINK
ALL OTHERS
ARE IDIOTS
OR
THEY ARE ANGELS?

IRAK, LYBIA
PAST INVADED 
BY
AMERICA & WESTERN COUNTRIES
ALSO 
USING THIS
URGLY EXCUSES.

HIW CRUEL
N
URGLY
Thank you, Mr. Vice-President.
Here is a Syrian showing gratitude we did the right thing!
https://www.facebook.com/derekmke/videos/599007993778650/ …
HOW ABOUT God BLESS AMERICA in this UNSTABLE...How many more distractions does our Pres need
Tonight you proved to the world you bow down to the Jewish state. I hope putin blows you all into orbit. WARMONGERING SUBANIMALS.
God bless our troops and their families we support you and pray for your safety.
What if Russia had attacked us when men ,women and children were burned alive in Waco?
Even when there's no evidence of that happening? No. God damn your troops!
These didn’t age well.
Well done President Trump, we support you 100% !
Who exactly is we? The majority of Americans find this administration appalling.
The American People are the We.
Sorry, but the majority of we the people don't support him.
The only ones that doesn't is non American. And yes you are sorry.
Hope you know who did it and it wasn’t another false flag to complete the NWo agenda.  Pretty sure Syria was on their list ! Of six

Ginny Caminer   Sara is right, Comey is not credible.  I read the excerpts on his book and it sounds petty and childish.  He probably thought Hillary would win the election and he was rooting for a job in her administration.
Remember these?
REPUBLICANS ARE FINISHED  THANK YOU POTUS
But you won’t accept refugees.
TRAITOR
Those missiles were packing pure freedom.
Another OBOZO blunder that President Trump had to take care of! Thank you President Trump! Syria thanks you! 
Do you think that him giving everyone a heads up two days ago might have given them a chance to get what they needed out before the little Missile hit?
Hypocrite
Syrian refugees entering the United States. 
The final decision  love God  God bless vice president Mike pence .I have a idea for dealing with  nut job Mr VP it was good for them once it will be again  lobotomy schizophrenia people then people can be safe
Amen
So Congress was consulted and they gave their approval before this military action was taken, Mr. Vice President?
Courageous troops?   Yes, they risked a dangerous finger sprain pushing all those buttons.  Of course, you never served so what the hell do you know?
What kind of POTUS are you going to be??
God blesses justice and peace. God will only bless civilians. God will not bless the robbers and murderers!
What’s the next step in the presidents plan. I am working on our farm plan for 2018, Will military operations effect our AG Budget in the coming year. We need the nesting and wildlife plans plus more money for evasive species in our domestic forests. 
What happened under Obama. Assad used there chemical weapons too. Why will the US not leave near east? Sorry but i see the US being in the region as part of the problem.
Except that you have been tolerating it, for months. Wonder why youre acting now? #MuellerTime
pourquoi ne pas aidez asad a combattre les rebelles ?? vous êtes donc au côté des rebelle ??
Ok.
God Bless the Syrian men, women and children who are being cast out and cast aside.

Dear Vice President.
I am a strong supporter of President Trump, but are you aware Sir about how the Deep State uses false flag events to precipitate war?
Sir, we now have cast iron proof that WTC7 did NOT come down because of office fires.
9/11 was false flag.
Libya now in chaos
Trump needed approval from Congress before launching air strikes against Syria.

Since the founding of the United States of America in 1776, 239 years have passed. Of these, 222 years, or 93 percent of the time, were in war with other countries.

Nothing mote than a distraction. Trump doesn’t care about the people or their suffering, and neither do you!
Only problem is that it was the rebels you funded that used chemical weapons, which is why you bombed those sites mere hours before the inspectors arrived there.
Prayers and thoughts for the Syrian people? But how many Syrians have been allowed to seek asylum in US?
MAY ALLAH PUNISH U ALL FOR KILLING MILLIONS OF INNOCENT FELLOW HUMAN BEINGS MASS MURDERING PEOPLE UNARMED  CIVILIANS N CALLING IT SOLUTION . MAY ALLAH SENT AZAAB N KEHER ON AMERICA N ITS ALLIES AMEEN
yer pathetic!
Liars！
Empty threat. Russia did not engage as the sites were meaningless.
Mr. Trump, why do not you accept Syrian refugees, are they victims of the Asad regime, are you for democracy?
America First!!
#CriminalPhonies
#WeThePeopleSayFuckYou
#ImpeachThisEntireCabinet2018
#Backatya!
Well done Sir!!

Without Congressional approval.
Vous, vous féliciter de votre atrocité, qu'elle honte pour vous ?
Another Iraq
Having killed literally millions of civilians, you think somebody believes you give a flying fuck about the victims of a supposed attack in Syria. There was no attack there. Just America desperatlely trying to bring their pawns to power in yet another country.
