Yes.
And a clear violation of domestic and international law. But being legal isn't your forte, is it?
How would you go about to prevent Assad another gas attack on his own people ? This is his 2nd time Assad gassed his own people.
It's far more than the second time. And how do you know he didn't move those chemicals in the runup to our bombing? Why does the US need to address this attack, in particular? What is our stake? Could we not have pressed Russia to stop Assad? Too many questions.
Rephrasing my question: what would you like to be done to stop Assad from gassing his people again?
I would NOT want to get further involved in Syria. Too many players, all with their own agenda. With Russia & Iran to keep him in power, that answer lies in what they will/will not do to get him to stop. Add in the wild card of the Israelis, and BOOM.
I agree with you. And I will add, since I am a supporter of Israel, Israel will do everything in her power to protect herself. Which is a very good thing.
UH WE DONT SEE THIS HAPPENING NO MORE HELP SO ILL HEY HI MEN FROM THE GOVERNMENT AND ALL BYE
I don't know much but I think this act of bombing was too rushed which leaves common people with questions. It seems the desire to bomb was more than everything else and it had to before it was proven wrong by the truth...

LOL LOL GUESS COHEN JUST ADMITTED HE WAS IN PRAGUE, tRUMP GOING TO JAIL FOR CONSPIRACY. SEND HUCKABEAST AND EVIL CONWAY. THE DOSSIER IS REAL.
Necessary to divert attention from this criminal President.
No sorry
You forgot to pass the action through Congress. Technically what you enacted was a war crime because you did not have congresses approval
Please tell us how you would prevent Assad from another gas attack on his own people. This is Assad's 2nd gas attack on his own people. Do you really believe Congress would give ok to the airstikes in a timely manner before another gas attack from Assad? Please state your case.
When you bomb a chemical factory that you are trying to take out in the justification of chemicals being used against people, how do you prevent a toxic cloud of chemicals from spreading upon the bombing?
Fuel-air bomb.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.  The fact that you made a legitimate, proportionate strike in association with two allies doesn't make you any more of a decent president.  You have still been elected with foreign help and are morally unfit to fill your office.
God gives his hardest battles to his toughest soldiers.
Commander-in-Chief
 Military Strong
 God Bless America

They were not Legitimate or Legal. He also broadcasted the attack so Assad could just move the weapons.
We would have been able to see movement from the satellite feed.  The military got it all right.
Nice picture of a child of the average Trump supporter, you have there.

how long til hit usa
Proud of our military, leaders and Great President
This should have never been done and the president knows it!!
It's good to see a response, even a small one is better than a game of Where's The Red Line?
Maybe we don't know the big picture
What is the plan here? You can’t just drop a bunch of bombs, declare mission accomplished and move on? What mission? What is the follow up? We have a WH too arrogant and stupid to answer these questions.
There is no follow up so long as Syria remains free of chemical weapons.  We have to get our own house in order in America.
“Legitimate”? What an odd choice of words. Not “legal”...
Move your “Fake News to Syria” I don’t want to miss the next air strikes. Let’s talk about the nasty “illegal” things Obama’s administration, Clinton’s Foundation and George Suros has done. Trump please drain the swamp.
Sorry to burst your bubble, #Snowflake, but @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and his #thugs, are the #swamp.

Good job we can't allow chemical weapons ever anywhere in the world
then destroy it in USA!
Yeah, back in the rich people’s pockets.
crazy man
Thank you 45

JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 
Thank you for these actions and standing up against these butchers.
usa politics/ the promotion of democracy in Syria
That's a good idea, job well done, chemical weapons are no good, some places have no weapons......
#Blocking our voices to help #CrookedHillaryGang follow- 20 trillion leads to the cans they been kicking as they rob America blind debt is a crime to your kids #ZeroTaxes consumer only tax Sin taxes 
#NoTaxIsFair on the poor 50% of America has no money #zero in bank broken #kag

Even Fox News said you were lying. Must be a rough day for Republican cognitive dissonance. 
Sorry
Or sorry because your pretend anti-interventionist false messiah is a charlatan who cucked you just as bad as Obama cucked liberals?

Deuteronomy 28:7
“The #Lord will cause your #enemies who #rise against you to be defeated before your #face; they shall come out against you one #way and #flee before you #seven #ways.
There is no God...grow up.
1 John 4:8
He who does not #love does not know #God, for #God is #love.
Grow up
Your words ooze of trying to sound smarter than you actually are, dear. Give it a rest.
All the best.
Send someone over there who is not part of the deep state to investigate. I'm not convinced that Assad is stupid enough to do the only thing that would keep the US from leaving. #FALSEFLAGATTACK
Thank You President Trump, You’re doing a great job.
He’s a good President.
Yes, he is and he’s not a politician, but he is a very smart businessman that didn’t need this job, he really cares about the country and the American people. I really do think he’s doing a great job! So much better than ANY other candidate or past president.
Oh I agree you are totally within your rights to to do what you did. That's why we need a president who has a backbone unlike Obama
You need to mind! Not to climb to destroy and kill other countries....Yugoslavia, Libya, Iraq, Ukraine, Syria....
It’s necessary to impeach Trump now!!!
How much did it cost in dollars and lives?  At the price we are charged for those smart weapons, the whole of Syria should be gone.  Americans are sick of being blamed for wars our government starts.  Cut their budget.  Save lives.
. . .

للاسف. تفعلون ما تريدون في#سوريا_الحبيبة لانكم وجدتم حكاما#عرب خونة انذال يرتدون عباءات#العروبة و يتخذون من الدفاع عن#الاسلام شعارا لهم.
و#جهنم لكل من له يد في اشعال الفتنة و تخريب هذا البلد
من أخوتكم في#الجزائر الى الاخوة في#سوريا اصمدوا فالفرج قريب#بإذن_الله
And it was so thoughtful to warn everyone ahead of time so they could move everything. Good job
We wanted people to stay clear of the chemical weapons areas and we didn’t want to start WW3 by fooling with Russia.  Our object wasn’t to destroy planes.  It was to destroy the gas or possibly any planes so carrying.
And by giving the world 3 days notice they had time to move it. Anything that was in those buildings was removed.
They wouldn’t have been able to go far.  We would have known by the satellite feed.  I’m confident that they got it all or most of it.
Why did Trump stop the Syrian aid 2 weeks ago, and now is trying to justify bombing their country?!   Are we supposed to believe he actually cares about these people... PLEASE
You do know that Assad gassed his own people right? How would you go about stopping Assad from a 3rd gas attack on his own people.
Definitely not by stopping their (the Syrian people) humanitarian aid Sandra!  If the WH truly cares about the Syrian people, why did they stop their aid?
Rephrasing my question: what would you like to be done to stop Assad from gassing his people again?
Sure! Because Trump acted Obama-ish. Lol
No Obama sent billions of dollars to help Syria with their terrorist organizations as well as other terrorist countries. Obama’s sole purpose was to destroy America. Trump is still cleaning up his mess. So idiots like you can feel safe hiding in your parents basement.
OH PULEASE....GIVE IT A BREAK! YOUR TRUMP IS TAKING CREDIT FOR ALL OBAMA DID TO BRING THIS COUNTRY BACK AFTER REPUBS NEARLY DESTROYED AMERICA. How anybody at this time still support Trump the fanatic is amazingly dumb!
Thank God, for President Trump.

Yep, that picture is exactly what Barack Insane Obama and Hillary Rotten Clinton did to their country.  Left unchecked, Obama and Hillary would do that to America.

‘I believe that NO ONE in the UNITED STATES has done more to UNDERMINE the FAITH in the Democratic Process than the DEMOCRATS and the PRESS ... When they continue to report on FALSE ALLEGATION after…
Thanks OTRAUMA
#MAGA #USA
#ShutItDown #MuellerWitchHunt
And yet all the principles are republicans. Everybody else is lying.
Following Putin's orders no doubt. Nice of you to let Russia evacuate their military first.
“The nations of the world can be judged by the friends they keep”  Yes, I agree with President Trump’s comments. I hope Russia & Iran  are able to STOP  to support Syria  government using Chemical Weapons to kill innocent people in its own country.
President Trump is doing what he can to stop evil.
Save ENVIRONMENT with INCOME.  Franchise :  1. VARIOUS MOVEMENT APPLICATION SUSTAINABLE ENERGY Tourism  2. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR for FISHING Tourism  3. FRUIT & FLOWER GARDEN Tourism  4. LOCAL CULTURE&COMMUNITY DEV. Tourism at VILLA/RESORT.  BEP 6 YEARS as Property @Sulmuh_Sekar
Someone drank the coolaid. No evidence and few believe it
America lost his justice
Really, little incompetent Donnie?  Remember what your BFF Mattis admitted about the LAST "gas attack"?
Puh-leeze. The Syrian strikes were a classic case of #WagTheDog and no amount of saying otherwise will change that. Aaaaand? It didn't work. #StormyDaniels #MuellerTime
Trump russia forever!!!! 
Proportionate to what? Forgetting about Mueller and Stormy Daniels?
How would you go about to prevent Assad from another gas attack on his own people? This is Assad's 2nd time gassing his own people.
It's the 100th school shooting in the US and what do you do about that.
And what's your congress for?
Ahhh...trying to distract from current topic. Won't work. Still have not answered my question.
This has not stopped him. you have to support opposition, impose sanctions in consultation with congress (like Trump tweeted to Obama a few years ago) and, if you start a war, consult with other countries and the UN (multilaterally, not with just 2 puppets).
And if all that that you suggest  fail, what's next?
But you could have asked congress first, no?

That’s why it was a surgical strike. We were not trying to topple the government.
It was a diversion to change attention to something else. Nothing more and with all the warnings, it most likely accomplished nothing but escalating the conflict.
Telling them early saved lives.  It got the Syrian people away from the areas of conflict.  It told Russia to get her planes out of there, that we did not want WW3.  We knew where the chemical weapons were from the Satellite feed or where they would move them to.
No offense, but I’m not interested in your opinion on this. Learn your history and don’t believe for a second that this Orange clown in office had anything but his own self interests in mind. We’ve ignored chemical attacks before that served our interests.
Please don’t call him that.  He is doing his darnest to be the best possible President.  Give him a chance.  See how things go over the next couple months.  I bet even you will like him.
If that’s how you feel, you’re part of the problem. He’s a clown, a child that lashes out at anyone and everything he feels threatened by. He’s lowered the standards of this great nation and threatens the constitution. Thanks, no need to respond.
He’s doing everything he can to see us making things again.  He stopped Isis in there tracks.  0ut with over regulation of government.  He wants us to keep more of what’s ours and with more bonuses. Well if you won’t give him a thank you, I will.  Thank You Mr. President.

You can keep the lie up all you want but the one's that know that this was all done because of the lies that keep getting put out there for the dumb down public to http://believe.you  can't fool the awake no more so be caution of your lies some day even the dumb down will awk
FAKE NEWS
Let's see the Fake News say we did not bomb the Syrian's Chemical Weapons Facility.
There is a huge crater in the ground (center left) where one chemical weapons building use to be.
White House of MURDER
he would start a war so comey cant take center stage to let the usa know who trump is! a man who is married would get off seeing two prostitutes peeing on each other! thats who you who voted for this devil! hang your head and pray!
Israel thanks you but wants you to do more. You must attack Iran
The Allies took action joined by the President, get it right please.
don't know abt attacked on Syria is necessary at all but we have seen before abt your intelligence on WMD in Iraq, but Mr. @realDonaldTrump u r in particular and USA in general is not necessary for the world for sure.....
Just because your life in a rampage, it gives you no reason to trash Comey.  When thing are going REAL bad for you pick in anything. Comey is a gentleman not like yourself. Many Americans are on Comeys side as you gave him  the best info to write about.
Without Congressional authorization they were illegal and because you telegraphed the move they were also ineffectual. A colossal waste of money for propaganda purposes. You're not fooling anyone.
你们连这个国家的总统都认为是非法的，合不合法还不是你们自己说了算？
I pardoned 3 turkeys in a year, Im a really good pardoner, believe me I am
#Drumsticks
Proportionate?!?!? 
Try overwhelming & decisive extinction. Korea, Vietnam, Gulf I & Gulf II proportional & look what that did for us: Left the enemy intact. 
Remove General Incompetence from command & get General Inhialation on the job & use that expensive ordinance stacked up.
are the civilians considered collateral damage?
Wag the Dog
I agree !... and Thank You  !
THANK YOU to our President & our allies for the very needed strikes in Syria Fri, the helpless deserve to be protected by the those who can, hopefully it will help them,
The helpless deserve to be protected by those who can kill them!
Ты,что-ли избранный?твоих псов имели,имеем и будем иметь.
No they weren’t. It’s not the American taxpayers’ job to run around the world playing Captain Save-a-Crying-Kebab. #NoWarsForIsrael #NeoConDon #SyriaStrikes
?
They just didn't happen to be legal.  Oops.
awesome job !
Injustice of aggression！！！


Spppt o9 r for r
Sppt geneus likes good house location s
ANYONE who post against this action, 
is a murderer lover.

.
Did Vladie write this for you?  @realDonaldTrump
They were not necessary! America can only lose by engaging in more conflict. BRIGHT IDEA: Only use our military when we are under attack!

was Comey in awe or in love with Trump. Mr. President, I must confess, I’ve fallen for you & desire to be the First Lady! Comey is a scorned woman! Lay odds Comey gets the surgery land takes the name Marlyn Monroe Comey. Happy Birthday Mr. President
Now what’s Russia doing? Not being your friend anymore?
Yesterday's strikes against already evacuated Syrian chemical weapons facilities were theater, a sham and inconsequential. Most important however they were necessary to distract America and the world from the farce this is the @realDonaldTrump presidency.
Unfortunately, for you, the Syrian air strikes that we're meant to distract from the Trump-Russia investigation didn't work. We see you. Cohen will be your downfall!
NO WAR!!!
Or after Iraq.Afghanistan your eyes r in Syria???Dear Triumph.


https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=170635410265173&id=100019561458368 …
Thank you for defending humanity! God bless you!!
BS. You got suckered by the British. No evidence at all of a chemical weapons attack. Keep your promise and bring the troops home.
Everyone watch MSNBC Sunday Night 9pm story of the honorable James Comey's  life, no porn stars,no multi marriages,no bankrupts, no Russian involvement money laundering law abiding citizen.

Proud of our military, leaders and this great President #maga
Now what?You have the hook in the fishes mouth,nothing has changed fundamentally. Follow through for once and remove the leadership.His mind has not changed and neither has Putins.
#ITrustTrump!
#ITrustMattis
#GodBlessThemBoth!
Russia did 95% of the work against ISIS that Obama and HRC started and funded.
Too many false flags. Doesn't make sense! Putin has shown great restraint as we work against them!
YOUR CRAZY
Syrian chemical weapons facilities were legitimate, proportionate, and justified. Prove Chemical Weapons Were in those Facilities. I seen no sign of Chemicals 150 bombs 0 deaths 0 chemicals 0 loss to there military. I CALL THIS NOTHING just like their president does
They weren't extensive enough. You need to trust your gut instincts and stop letting your cowardly advisers sway your actions. I believe you need new advisers, who support your instincts and create actions to successfully achieve them.


As soon as you come on tv I change the channel.
Syria has been in perpetual misery.  My heart breaks for the Syrian people.



It's amazing we still have allies. Maybe we should welcome their refugees?
I agree that it was necessary; good job!
Necessary to whom? A useless expensive gesture that will be ignored again and again
It doesn't count when they know ahead of time!
What is your right to invade other country. They are killing, so are you.
Put Syrian government at same level as rebells by us of EMD. Good job @POTUS
Maybe they were justified so now what she they do something back? Let us pull all our troops out of the Middle East.
Yet time will show they changed nothing
Estoy muy unido espiritualmente a vosotros. Cada vez que escribís, lo intuyo. SEMPER FIDELIS! un abrazo, hermanos.
The skies over America are covered with chemical lines & plumes. What are you doing to protect Americans against chemical warfare here & now? Thank you.
Agreed. Great work guys.
@realDonaldTrump @KremlinRussia_E  @UN @tcbestepe 

I believe that all this listed above can lead us to a peaceful world. Thanks.
Why not against corruption the most dangerous as compare to this so called chemical. This cancer is dangerous for billions of human beings and for next generations
After the WH forewarned Putin
God bless you Mr. President and plz keep up the good work you and your people are doing to make America great again!
We’ve got a President who is a good honest man.
Let’s just hope we didn’t waste missiles on EMPTY buildings. Some dip shit gave Syria and Russia a heads up we were coming .
Illegal.
The leaders of our nation, and I refuse to say "great" considering the choices made, have no consideration for our safety. The leaders act and speak for the whole country. When we all get killed, our blood will be on the hands of the people that should have been protecting us.
Rigged. Those strikes were rigged and used as a distraction. Trump is morally unfit to be president.
It's sad no one can trust what The White House has to say.... Very SAD! #TrumpLies
Did you have Congressional permission? Um, um, um,...

Aye, Aye

Sir

~

Lol, advance warning then attack...
You're full of shit.
I believe they strike was against the law
Just as your belief in democrats you believe wrong
Also Illegal.
I agree with our President.  Our leader is doing the right thing.
Illegal, unnecessary, and ineffective.
How are attacks at buildings and infrastructure and people being killed with poison gas PROPORTIONATE? They are alike as night and day.
excellent choice
So, does he have a follow-up plan? Mission is not accomplished,it just began.He just declared war on Iran & Russia, so has he thought ahead or is this the end of the world?
Did a great job sir... take out assad... sure he isnt hard to find....
It was also unconstitutional because he didn't go to Congress with a well thought out plan. He reacted like a toddler trying to get his parents mind off his other mischief.

Trump #LoveChild ?  Or @PressSec  photo ?
They were not legitimate air strikes,  did the traitor president discuss this with congress?  So now were going to open our borders for the Syrian refuges?  @realDonaldTrump @SenCoryGardner  at cheating @RepDLamborn
And the reason for the strike: Trump said he was pulling out American forces so, Assad gassed his people as a way for Russia to flip off Trump.
Who still belives in these bullshits
And short of being effective.  Too little, too late!
Bullshit.
They were unconstitutional and illegal. But the current occupant doesn’t care about the constitution or the rule of law.
Say that to France and the UK.
 POTUS .   Laws are put in place for Emergencies .  Site the law .  Educate .  Can you imagine if you had to wait for Congress to vote ?  Half of them may forget to show. Up ? Appreciate your wisdom . 
That's why the Majority of American's LOVE this President!
Create a No-Fly Zone in the Kurdish Region with USA, GB, Fr supervision and enforcement.
This will prevent a Syrian Refugee Crisis and return the Crimean-Russian Occupation favor to Russia!
They were obviously empty bunkers, for show only.  The smart Americans are not fooled by your distractions! @GOP @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP The sooner you and your criminal enterprise are locked up the better!
Why did you feel the need to start with “legitimate”?
Go shit them Asad og Putin Iran president. All tok Wold take fri Putin for Economi Iran og Asad for. Jesus go ut chrsian man drop. New gå tok them.

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @theresa_may & @EmmanuelMacron are 3 Antichristian bullshits

GOD SAVE SYRIA!

…
It  happening again, NO PROOF Just like WMD.
 Trump You shouldn't have used missiles WITHOUT PROOF.
TRUMP WILL CAUSE WW111
 NOT A CHRISTIAN ACT.
If you really want to help the Syrian people, give them humanitarian aid and allow some to come to the US.
says the group who invented the sites and planted the idea. How is the hunt for weapons of mass destruction going? oh sorry wrong b.s. story. so similar I temporarily forgot bush was not still in office.
Yes but were they legal?  Congress is supposed to approve military action.  Protect and defend the U.S
 Constitution.  #oathofoffice
Bulshit. Here's a play by play of what happened. Only done ONE MONTH BEFORE IT HAPPENED. 
Explain:
Great job.
It’s great to have a President that will take action against leaders that threaten humanity thank you President Trump
Trump should have gone to the Congress about this.
Ayatollah Trump!
so what you are saying, the news cycle didn't talk about your hookers for 45 minutes?


Here's the Problem: @BillClinton is a Rapist.

I'm a famous rapper sue me @BarackObama 
Thank you Mr. President!

