#MAGA
Love it!
I knw 

It's a big effing bird..




Calm down there Maxine Waters Jr.
This is going to end in mugs filled with maga tears.
Always find it odd when liberals hope and cheer for America to fail.
Deplorables always be thinking their #MagaCultLeader is America!
Your fake president will fail, but America will stand!
He is everybody’s President. It’s a shame that you want America to fail because you do not approve of YOUR President. Do you see what you are saying?  Why don’t you research and see what he has done before you speak.
Just as all y'all stood behind and with Mr Obama? Riiiiight
I was for Obama. Sorry to disappoint you. He ran us in the ground at the end.
PRESIDENT TRUMP 
making the world 
SAFE AND PROSPEROUS AGAIN 

THIS IS HISTORIC 
And I am so happy for the hungry and poor people of NoKo
And
For the people of SoKo

#Winning
#NOKO 
@realDonaldTrump
I agree nobody deserves to starve Trump is helping the world not just America 

Great news! Secretary Pompeo will do a wonderful job for America! #MAGA
Unlike Tillerson?
So glad it’s not @HillaryClinton as our Secretary of State, she might have “lost” another $6 Billion 



Very uncalled for Sarah is awesome..Why Keep spreding mean things ,does it make you feel better about yourself???
Svetlana say what??
POS
Cry some more "tough" guy 
@realDonaldTrump @BluehandArea Just wow Prez Trump!  To PM @theresa_may, On July 13 please be hospitable to our @POTUS, PM May, pls don’t let #SadiqKhan embarrass #Britain by any more #Khaninsults or veiled threats against our president or #USA
@realDonaldTrump The good people of Great Britain welcome President Trump we truely wish we had him here .khan is disliked by so many nobody will listen to him .. welcome Mr President God bless you and Keep you safe 
Praying for you, Britain! So sorry for what has happened to your great country as well! Still so grateful for this great man who is fighting everyday to bring us back from the leftist-driven brink of disaster! God bless!
Thank you 

Why’s he shaking hands who murdered an American a few months ago? Just curious !
Possibly to avoid nuclear war  
Right
Anyone need a boost?
You're so ugly you can't even use your face as your profile picture.
You don’t have a profile picture either...
Yes, I do.

There's this thing called "editing."

You should look it up sometime.
Who you think is riding the dog in my pic? It’s called editing 
My bad, I thought that was your monkey 
God you’re not clever at all 
Leave God out of this. He's smarter than you are.

Trump...guilty of NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We’ll see about that...
Well, you all have been saying that for 18 months now, and we're still not seeing it.....
I prefer my investigations to be thorough. You should to. And to say nothing has been found is just not true. They charged his former campaign manager and National Sec. Advisor for Christ’s sake.
And what did those charges have to do with him?? NOTHING!
Delusional!
Ok, if I'm delusional, then tell me
I never realized how close they resemble one another.
Sarah, we pay you to do a job. Press briefing’s are your responsibility. We pay you to do it everyday, not once in awhile but EVERYDAY! If you can’t do your job, we need to replace you immediately!
And to truthfully answer questions without snark or snide remarks.  The press represents us and we don't like being lied to.
Regards to pompeo and those that strive in comparming him to this position. But remember faith without dead is death. Get prepare!

And the first step to a peaceful North Korea has started! Thank you Mr. President for talking some sense into North Korea!
Which one is Pompeo?



Aww what a sweet flower snowflake cupcake <#


This man killed Otto DID WE FORGET!!!  Now we are shaking his hand WTF !!!
Otto Warmbier.....
Another flunky, congrats
You are the BEST Sarah,keep up the great work.

You forgot 2nd runner up in Nobel Peace Prize
1. "Almost" only counts in horseshoes and  with hand grenades; and

2.  You keep thinking that, sweet pea ...
Fatass

Not going to EVER happen.

Sanders,  you make Jesus weep. You're a liar and a fake.
Congrats to Pompeo
Yep. Totally cool sending an unconfirmed nominee and warhawk on a diplomatic mission to one of the most deceitful and dangerous nations on the planet. Hmm...perhaps Donnie instructed Mikey to give away everything? (That’s what Putin and Xi want.)
You must be referring to how Obama man- handled IRAN and the 1.5 billion of our money, and millions of gas he sent iver in private jets! For ZERO in return!! I was just confused for a minute!


The West Pointer works for the draft-dodger
West meets East = Hope for Peace
https://www.flickr.com/photos/26915283@N07/5007408585/in/album-72157648600776547/ … … … …
He was the CIA Director at the time. So highly inappropriate.
What were the odds in Vegas on this one !  Libs are stuttering worse than Mel Tillis with frostbite !
@realDonaldTrump Didnt get to sneak that past me did ya ... clever aye i
Achievements 'world-wide' by @POTUS is the last thing Globalists want to see by the USA President they labeled 'isolationist.'
If North Korea denuclearises, I will publicly clean your sweaty feet with my tongue during a press briefing.
#ReleaseTheTexts

Chilling pictures.  I'm glad Mike had a height advantage on him.    Can't wait to see little rocket man next to The President!!
Two major asshats posing for a pic about a word they can't pronounce properly.
Triggerville a@liberal happy place
Yo, another bot! They’re busy today, toadying about. Poor asshats.
Good! Now if Congress would get on with the rest of President Trump's nominees!!!
Incredible photo. I am very proud of the work @MikePompeo_  & @CIA are doing — stabilizing the Korean Peninsula & region! Truly outstanding work!
Sure. Sanders says all of Trump’s appointees are great and then they are fired.
Crazy right? Everyone knows that in Washington no matter how horrible a job you're doing you never get fired... See Maxine or Nancy

You are delusional if you think they going to denuke. The number of lies you tell yourself is horrifying.
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump relationship with China, our militaries satellites, and those epic tweets. We are pretty certain, Kim Jong Un accidentally imploded the nuke testing site and might need to escape his own country to survive...
Amazing! Great Job Trump
Mike Pompeo and the President should both get Nobel Peace Prizes for the job they have done so far. You can bet BO, Schumer & his minions are trying to throw a wrench into any possible deal.
Pompeo is worst than you and Trump

Keep up the good work @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #TrumpSuccess

Is this your self portrait????
Yes it’s me. How you know?
Jeff Sessons informs Senate committee today;  'The Mueller investigation should be 'Shut Down' in a short amount of time'  There is no there There ...  #AMERICAFIRST  #MAGA2018 #MAGA  Trumpville  imma 'smiling Trump Voter'  

Please put more pressure on the Chinese government as international laws were broken and human rights were violated in its abduction of two Canadians in Singapore. 
With no legal proceedings, the two were forced to…
Love our President..he was just holding on to these photos.. Time was right! If looks could kill 
Badly and Bigly need a boost
#TheResistance 
@GovMikeHuckabee HELP PLEASE.
happy #AlienDay
This is why the left are losing.  They can't see #Winning  when it slaps them in the face
Hey Hal. Your President has a business success rate of about 94%. The national average is obviously way below that; about 33% fail,  I believe.  #winning
And you actually believe that crap? I’ve been in business for 35 years. Never filed bankruptcy, never been sued and never inherited a fortune. If he had put his inheritance in an index fund he would have twice as much money now.  Without all his failed businesses!
How many businesses have you owned?
ok little buddy. Congrats on running one successful business. I'm glad the tax reform helped you. ( assuming it did) Have you done research on the approx 500 successes he has had in business? If so, what did you find?
... NOT!
And you would know about doing an excellent job?   please.
Suck it Liberals

Yes it is! Big thank you to you Sarah. You are an excellent Press Secretary & glow in your integrity, professionalism & dedication to the USA.  #MAGA
Senate sucks and needs to be replaced with real Americans.
And yes that is actually a real study done. It showed that collage educated people are not educated at all. They spend on average of 2 hours a day in class.

Sarah I follow many Brits You should see their support of @POTUS and his coming there Look >
What makes Khan think he speaks for the UK? Well Mr Khan you don't there are many that would welcome Trump especially after you've attended public appearances with known terrorist sympathisers where women were openly forced to sit in segregation. If anything you should be banned!
You're right pal. Don't listen to the s#*t you hear on American or British media. Most of us in the UK would openly welcome Trump like with all Americans. Sadiq Khan just plays the flute to his London liberal elites. And they're not Britain. WE ARE!
So good to hear that !!
When you are reading all the nasty libtard comments.... remember where they are coming from

PRAYING harder than ever for KIM JONG UN, that he has a radical life-changing encounter & salvation with the RISEN LORD Jesus Christ, for the whole world to see.  *AMEN.  http://www.Heisnear.com/RobConradSalvationExperience.html … 
@LilMunoz11 honestly i prefer Kims fit here
It's functional. Plenty of under the pants storage for a piece and that coat clean af. I'd cop.
Does Trump really need to meet with Kim Jung Un?  After today's Trump interview on Fox and Friends.. I don't know.. Pretty scary!
We pay you $170,000 to lie to the country. Karma will get you
Pray for peace! This president can make it happen.
Checks are still clearing eh Sarah?
#DownWithUSA 
#مرگ_بر_آمریکا
Rest In Peace Otto. #disgracefulpic #youshouldbeashamed

#TheResistance: Mike Pompeo is a dangerous warhawk who openly supports illegal torture. Republicans just made him our secretary of state, our country’s top diplomat and peacemaker. 
@HillaryClinton 
@BarackObama
 Re-Twitt
Great going just love winning and watching leftists liberals crying at the sky,and losing (special) elections,proud to be an American, whose not communist
you people suck
trump is destroying our economy, country and planet
get his orange ass out of office GOP
@jchen803 is that your dad?
Does the WH have a statement about @realDonaldTrump screaming meltdown on @FoxNews this morning? Quite the embarrassing spectacle!
PLEASE keep Acosta on his heels! You are the best!!! GREAT JOB!!!
Yes, Sarah, it's just GREAT!  Isn't it wonderful that he thinks Muslims are Satan?  Trump sure knows how to pick them!  If you're racist, drunk, inexperienced, or look good on TV, you've got the job.  #ImpeachTrump
Awe ! Will Donny bring his big red button to the meeting ? But since it’s coming from Hugabilly, I’m considering it to be a Kim Doppelgänger 
Just keep doing what you do Ms Sarah....if these people weren't picking at you...it would be someone else...LOL now it'll be me LOL God bless you...and guide you to keep strong!
Peace through Strength; The True Art of War is to Achieve Diplomacy without firing a single shot

Let’s get our children back from Japan. Be different from Clinton & Kerry. No deals. No quid pro quo for foundation contributions. Do it for the children not for personal or political gain. #JapanCannotBeTrusted.
I think this is so awesome. This should be all that's being talked about. CNN was not even talking about it. They were talking about Trumps hush money for Stormy D. They would not have anything about if it wasn't for Trump. 100% bad reporting, lies and more lies. They don't care.
Photo ops are nice. Feel good moments.

But, they have no substance until it is clear that Trump hasn’t been played. Which is hard to believe. 

Kim Jong Un probably means what he is saying: complete denuclearization - of BOTH the US and North Korea. 
That would only be fair!
Are Y’all really choosing a murderous dictator over the USA? Free the Americans before @POTUS sits down to any talks # #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Mike Pompeo has already done a fabulous job! It's just sad & pathetic what the terrorist LEFT have done to Dr. Ronny Jackson, who was to run the Veterans Affairs. The DemonCrats do not give a  about our vets who sacrificed so much for the love of our country. They're PATHETIC!
The LORD grant Secretary Pompeo: a mouth and wisdom that all his adversaries cannot resist nor gainsay  (Luke 21:14-15)
Yes, so happy for him, been wondering if I might be related to him since my maiden name is Pompeo, from old Venetian family!
Glad to have Pompeo confirmed. These pictures could be the beginning to peace!
President Trump went to Bat for us , now let’s go to Bat fo President Trump in November . 
Please re tweet this every where!

Now that's a picture that should make the Liberals happy; but sadly, there is nothing that will make the Liberals happy.

Embracing of Peace and Happiness is simply not in the hearts of the Liberals, which is Sad!
Pompeothank you
Your fire and fury diplomacy has nothing to do with peace on the Korean Peninsula trump. You’re as fake as fake news. The Russians, Chinese and north and South Koreans talked with one another. Mr Pompeo’s visit did nothing. Your one sided diplomacy is delusional
Oh great you have your Hawk in power. "No Climate Change" Mike. You people are nothing but monsters. Endorsed by Americans for Prosperity and Common Sense Issues, there's a Nazi for you. calling Obama an "evil Muslim communist" fits a Nazi, doesn't it? #TheResistance
Very great to have Pompeo
Sarah Sanders you are doing a great job. Keep it up girl. No weapon formed against you will prosper.
Apparently it took someone as scary/unpredictable as @POTUS to straighten this guy out. Offer S. Korea the sweetheart trade deal of the millennium, threaten N. Korea with biblical annihilation if they don't shake hands & make up. Art of the Deal on steroids with a jetpack! #MAGA
LaOL!  HEY CNN CAN YOU SAY WINNING? @CNNPolitics
Can you denuclearize Israel too plz?
They share the same cook.
#MAGA
I see the technique here. Make Kim feel slim. Sneaky
Get out while you can @PressSec !! #bluewave
My goodness, your lying knows no bounds. He’s dreadful and deceitful.
If you honesty think that North Korea is going to give up their nuclear, you are just as nutty a your Boss. We already know you lie like him, so I expect nothing!
You’re stupider then your father!
Pompeo was the wisest choice for the job. Highly intelligent, alert, and friendly.

When are we replacing you, Sarah?  #tiredofyourlies
Mr. President. Thrump,,,i try,,to,,,realize,,that,,croz,,fingers,,,
EYES WIDE OPEN
NORTH KOREA IS MADE BEST FRIEND.
Trump2020
Awesome beautiful wonderful brilliant sweet blessed Lady..praying for you Lady..God BLESS
Happy about Pompeo but I still don't trust that chubby weasel in N. Korea!
KIM HAS THE OPPORTUNITY TO VASTLY IMPROVE THE LIVES OF HIS PEOPLE

I AM TEMPTED TO WISH HE WOULD FAIL BECAUSE I HATE HIM

NOW I KNOW HOW MANY DEMOCRATS FEEL ABOUT #TRUMP AND AMERICA

SO FAR TDS IS WINNING IN THE DEMOCRAT PARTY

Don't know the heck they're doing @charles_consult
Now for the VA.  Tell your boss that Neil Patrick Harris is available.  I mean there is no one better than Doogie Howser to represent your Administration.
Trump and Sanders be like.....
We already know that Kim’s test facility collapsed. You are so pitiful.
It's a disgrace, to use your boss's favorite word. You too are a disgrace. How do you live with yourself?
I was like, “Damn, @SarahKSilverman is trippin’ today!” Then I realized I had at some point followed @PressSec. Yeeeeesh.
The facts on North Korea stopping nuclear testing have nothing to do with this administration! Their nuclear testing has collapsed the mountain test site and is releasing radiation! It has absolutly nothing to do with little donnies name calling or lame threat of war!
I’m embarrassed to see a US gov rep shaking this mass murderer’s hand

If @realDonaldTrump thinks NK regime is giving up nukes he’s as stupid as Fran Lebowitz says

Worst admin ever
@realDonaldTrump sounded pissed about this on Fox and Friends today.  Seemed to say that Pompeo wasn’t supposed to meet with Kim Jon Un while in North Korea...
You’re doing a great job Sarah! I’m rooting for you! MD
#ReleaseTheTexts
May the Eagle fly and land safely! Praise God
Good at last its good to talk and not who's got the biggest balls on the block!!!
That mountain collapse pretty much did that, but OK!
Am I the only one who reads her tweets with her accent
When do this nibbas start ww3? Irs about time
Which fat guy is Pompeo?

Oh, so he went and did this when it wasn't his job. Good to know. Only the best from this administration.
You showed tremendous Class tonight Miss Sarah, we are proud of you! 
he’s gross just like everyone who works for this stench of an ‘administration’
Finally! Great news! One more confirmed!  #MAGA
Not giving President Trump the credit for being a part of the recent activities in North and South Korea is like not attributing Obama Care to President Obama. Come on man! #Liberallunacy!!!
Ahhh, levity, I recognize this.   Great post though Sharyl.  This admin had done more to get NK to the table not to mention the fact that NK and SK have ended a 65 year war largely due to US stamina and stength.
You need to get back to wrangling your possums!!!

Y'all gonna eat da rest o' dat dere possum?
He’s a murderer.

Trump Nation Baby 
Yes 
MAGA!!!
All biased positions aside, what the Trump administration has done with North Korea is impressive.  Credit is definitely due on this position.

#Bergoglio, in denying Jesus and His Truth, is deviating from the Way traced by Christ those who have the misfortune to take him seriously ...

Here is how @Pontifex deceives the faithful

…
Blah blah blah 
This is putting the cart before the horse. Pompeo had no business representing the US. He was not yet SOS and was barely passed committee. He will be remembered in this current mess we will be cleaning up for generations to come.
They seem happy to have a swampier swamp. Hmm
#Trump had nothing to do with that!!! #MoonJaeInNoblePeacePrize Moon Jae-in did it without us!!
I swear, the degree of resemblance totally scares me!!
Right....So you can agitate war with Iran. And President Moon is really the one doing the most for peace there. All you all know is bullying and warmongering.
#TheResistance
President Trump deserves the NOBEL PEACE PRIZE!!! 
#Trump2020
@KukocWow Did Pompeo ask Dear Leader when the baby was due?
Baby on board!

You should see his Just Eat account activity        
I'm shorter and fatter than him 
@MikePompeo is a dangerous warhawk who openly supports illegal torture. And Republicans just made him our secretary of state, our country’s top diplomat and peacemaker. 
#TheResistance

And yet...there he is... now go back to triggerville deniro!!!!!
Robert De Niro for President
President of triggerville
Trump was pretty trigger on fox and friends 
History lesson.   @NancyPelosi , Harry Reid, @BernieSanders , chuck schumer....All thought Comey should be fired....But oh NOW that comey is coming out with his "tell all" book slamming trump, now he's credible....Yeah.   I see how it is.
Goodnight
We know he lied about serving his country. You're endorsing this behavior. 
Oh, and f*ck you!
Trump was too afraid to meet him in person? What a POS. I still don't buy any of this story.
By all indications, it is the Koreans who will do this. @realDonaldTrump is sat upon his golf cart backside waiting to step in and take credit without adding any value.

Remember this one?
#RocketMan

This just ruined the leftists weekend, for extension the rest of the years til 2024
Like hell
Yes because you Mr Trump have not the vagused idea of what to do.
I am embarrassed for you !
Kim don’t look happy to me even his body language is saying oh hell no!
