Incidentally, there were no signs of any chemical weapons used as reported from the GROUND by @OANN 
You were #NeoCon-ned
Russia and Syria have not even allowed in the inspectors...

OANN?

I will believe our special forces in country before a reporter, thank you.
you guys who like this reply, realize that the inspection team wasn't allowed to do their job because #GeorgeWTrump had a premature "moment" and attacked before FFT had a chance to investigate right?
You guys sound like partisan fools.
Article is a dubious propaganda piece. It clearly says the Air-Strikes were the reason they were not allowed access. Official @OPCW web-site explicitly states they do not comment on ongoing investigation. 
…
So much propaganda coming out of that country...

Anyone can pick and choose "evidence" to fit their agenda.

The govt has used chemical weapons on multiple occasions against innocent civilians to create fear.

The air strikes were warranted!
Syria is nothing but a launch pad for Russia and Iran.
what is your point?
You have a problem that Syrian government INVITED those two countries on to their soil? #Syria is a sovereign nation and has the RIGHT to invite its allies.
What's your issue with that? Or are you just a #WarMonger #NeoCon?
Those 2 countries threaten our troops safety, and they have no right passing weaponry through it to threaten other countries.
Nobody in the military uses that
Those that are unhappy with Trump regarding Syria..where were  you when Obama did the same thing?
I were critizicing him too. But what about you, did you support it when Obama did the same things? Or do you only support it ow when Trump is doing these things?
I wish your Vietnam-era bone spurs would come back with a vengeance.
If you use it often, then you probably didn't accomplish your mission the first time.
🖒🖒🖒🖒🖒Mr. President, you got it right!! 
Congratulations you spent 300 million dollars on missile strikes to hit empty buildings because you gave Putin several days warning so he could move everything clear. You must be a special kind of STUPID.
Anyone with family in that half of the world can confirm that Todd knows what's up. Why would Putin let his little chemical weapons factory be destroyed? He wouldn't, so the bombs hit sand and life goes on.
You’re the only FAKE News there is
The empty buildings where hit beautifully. It takes a few weeks to let them know the targets and move things out. Good marketing tho.
If you're attack on Syria was not an act of war then neither was Japan's on Pearl Harbor..@RonPaul @TulsiGabbard @RandPaul @SenSanders
Than* #fuckingmoron
No one #fuckingmoron
We are with you Mr. President! Roger that! Wilco and out! Thanks for all you do for this country! God Bless you and the United States of America!
Chicken Hawk in Chief !!! 
Gee... I don’t remember you saying on the campaign trail how when you become president you couldn’t wait to be a WAR CRIMINAL. Israel is getting some good use out of you.. You should change your name to Stanley, you have become the ultimate tool anyway.
@OANN report... 
Can't find evidence or witnesses of a Chemical attack. 
But the Rebels was there and starving the populace... 
Really tired of my government lies. 
Time to get out and leave people in peace.
This is what it has come to...celebrating other people's misery that is deliberately inflicted on them. Just because you can, shame.
Omg did deeper. Catch up or step out. Please.
The Syrian raid was carried out so well by the dedicated men and women of our armed forces that are unfortunate to have you as there Commander and Chief.
What do you know of anything military? You're a 4time draft dodger-

I was impressed when you brought back “Merry Christmas” but now that you’ve brought back “mission accomplished”?!? I just don’t know how you can top this. Great work !!
Next you're going to give him credit for "bringing sexy back" I presume?
Stop it, Trump. I admire you as a successful businessman, but you are not a perfect politician. The Chinese people are against war.
tRump…you got some splainin to do… #traitor #BenedictRump #liar #NotMyPresident
Good job my POTUS
Who is going to put sanctions on the US for its support of Saudi Arabia's murder of thousands of civilians and children in #Yemen? These are war crimes. Record weapons sales to #SaudiArabia "Help us Luke! You are our only hope!"
Worse! #Trump working to allow #war #profiteers #boeing #raytheon #northropgrumman #lockheedmartin to sell #weapons & #drones directly to countries, not thru the Department of Justice! Who are their immoral #investors? Call these vampires out! #fascism.
在我眼里你是渣渣
u are so full of shit Macron had a talk u into this. Two weeks ago u wanted to leave Syria all u did with this raid was spend Millions hundreds of millions of dollars and kick the can down the road Assad is still there Russia's still there and so Iran.  NOTHING ACCOMPLISHED
Impeach now and make America great again !!! #dumptrump #BlueWaveComing2018
And then what? Who is going to do that dirty job? Have a little patience and faith that he does the right thing. Things are NEVER as they appear with POTUS everyone knows this. Unless you’re running for Prez sit down and love your country of patriots!
I love my country Trump is destroying my country !!! He needs to be serving prison terms not presidential terms
Seriously? So your choice would be Killery. Enough said.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED PRESIDENT TRUMP

If it was perfect, then you had nothing to do with it. Besides weren’t you supposed to talk to Congress first?
President trump do u know there’s more than 100.00 Lebanese shiite in USA and 40.000 just in Detroit,and we  all know those ppls they like and they support hezbuallah! And they can elect and effect our election and the new government (any solutions against those black ninja)!
I say start deportations immediately.
Hope so
No. Please don’t!
This tweet won't age well, just like almost all of his tweets (and him of course!)
"Politicians are people who, when they see light at the end of the tunnel, go out and buy some more tunnel." - John Quinton

What Mission? Explain it! What policy or strategy, or diplomatic mission? Explain EXPLAIN !
I don't even watch televised news.
A country with a regime is the most stable, and no matter what the state of mind, a stable country will have a stable life. Do you really see Syrian refugees?
But he's a stable genius, so...

Hail to our president George W. Trump!
WISDOM & APLOMB. On Syria, President Trump displayed true wisdom weighing all options and assembling a rock solid team of advisors. He showed true leadership skills, explaining his policies and proportionately avoiding WWIII. True Patriot & Commander in Chief! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
I may not of approved but I'm not the President. I stand with @POTUS
I know thats right...but haters gonna hate.  on them bro. Your doing the right thing so keep up good work!
Excellent job, Mr. President!
Yet you condemned Obama for considering the same implications that you took action on! Glory hog much???
When will you be bombing the Saudis? Or is it cool with you if they do this?
This young girl from Yemen, is a victim of a chemical attack in her own country by the Saudi Arabians, the chemical used was white phosphorus....  so why are we not bombing Saudi Arabia, and taking out their…
Mission accomplished! Good job, Sir!
Like actually. What is wrong with you
Some People want to be told ONLY what they Think They Should Hear & In A Smoothe Politically Correct Demeanor!
No reported casualties! Loser Obamas should watch and learn how it’s done!
I told you Obama likes men! He’s married to Michelle!
I guess Obama and Clinton are fighting for the third spot now!!
I am disgusted that I voted for you.
We use "mission accomplished" when the mission is over or "accomplished". Is Syria issue taken care of?


Are you concerned at all that, regardless of how perfectly the raid was carried out, that it could have bigger negative ramifications with our relations with Russia? How far ahead do you think when considering warfare? #trump #maga #war #fakenewsmedia #miliary
Hey brain dead. These proxy attacks keep the larger peace. Peace through power projection. It's understandable though. You are probably a card carrying Democrat whose moral compass is so out of whack, you couldn't find your car in a 2 spot car park.
Hi there! It was really just a question, as I'm interested to hear more about his long-term strategies. Your assumptions about me are stated in a genuinely fairly funny and creative way, so thanks for that!
Why don't you use your head and prove you are a bastion of truth and integrity with a polygraph test to confirm Comey's book is lies? The president who uses a polygraph. Now that would go down very well with your people.
What others do is their responsibility. What you do is your responsibility. What you do to others will be returned, with interest. Maybe written laws are corrupted enough to not hold you accountable, but natural law will not hold back, no matter who is silenced for your sake.
Wow ! The sounds of a broken record ! DONALD DUCK! Sad
Dude, @POTUS  Layoff the twitter, I voted for you and you r ranting line a #Kardashian woman, incliding the transgender one.
If only there was some way you could have known that he had a destructive Twitter habit before you voted for him. 
Go Mr. Trump I’m with you all the way.

The true Mission will be accomplished only after liberating #Syria from this #Assad 
#SyriaStrikes 
@RibalAlAssad
Syria will disappear as the scripture says, but Trump is not the way what would have happened if Syria had attacked you and your family would have died? Thousands of children lost their families because of you
The media is so busy just making stuff up, they don’t know how to act when you throw them a bone...
I like your shoes Rocky

Al Capone would be giddy at this!
Never felt so unsafe on this planet feels like ww3 will begin very soon it seems like everything is just tit for tat whats wrong with you all? I guess u have got bored with the mundane of everyday life so got to up the games for a bit of interest. Wish wars would just end.
Sir, your tweets are ALWAYS Mission Accomplished! Love how you love US!
Thank you for commanding the military the way it needed to be done!
Thank you POTUS @realDonaldTrump MAGA 

Trump, I have a question. What was the mission exactly?
Today the  Trump administration  was supposed to implement sanctions on the Russians for hiding chemical weapons for Syria, instead he threw Nicky Haley under the bus and defied the American people. What does Putin have on Trump??
I’d like to say “Hey President Donald Trump.”And as you rise your head a bomb would fall on you and I would say
“With such precision,the only way liers like you would shut up.Mission Accomplished.”And by the way, the things you do disgust me.
Mr. President,  your position is much bigger than Twitter.   You should run our Country from the Oval Office.
Shame on you
The three 'suspected' chemical weapon facilities targeted were all empty and vacated three days prior to the 'strike', hence no casualties.
And the Syrian Air Defence claim they destroyed 71 of the incoming missiles ?

Agree & CONGRATS Mr President ~

#MissionAccomplished
@robbvillain < apologize nevermind - deleted, thought was on same team .. silly me 
Good job

Go Trump!!
$$$$$$$$$$$$.
Best comedy programme on TV
Can't wait for the "mission accomplished" impeachment. #fakepresident #CrookedDonny #bananarepublic #WorstPresidentEver #unfit #resign #resign #resign
The last time it was mentioned, the war wasn't AND STILL ISN'T OVER.
Good job.

MSM reported today that 150 missiles hit 150 planned targets.  Definitely, "Mission Accomplished".  Great Job.
See arm forces did great
I Love you
That is a movie military term.
On rop of that Russian Pundents say on their Media and those of Al Shahira indicated the US broke international laws for this act of aggression. Assad will use Chemical weapons again.We need more Diplomacy and You Trump are no good at that. You Flip and the Flop with Russia.
111,K Likes dont realize that this Nation Taxpayers paid out $45Million for that venture to knock down 34 EMPTY buildings!  Inspecters found no Chemical Drums. The Russians and Assad moved their men and equiptment out of the damn way because You warned we were coming to Bomb..
Said to be serious. Compared to chemical weapons, are fewer civilians killed in your air strikes? The number of refugees is even more numerous.
Americans are Murders and killers slaughter Syria ppl
#Impeachment #MissionAccomplished
Too bad you don't care about your own people such as the Puerto Ricans, Flint Michigan, when you gassed my people regarding your dirty pipeline.
If it was perfectly carried out..you had little to do with it
TRUMP ON SYRIA:  HYPOCRISY, NO STRATEGY & HEARTLESS CRUELTY
THEM: "We have to do something about Syria! It's horrible, those poor people."
ALSO THEM: "Definitely can't let any Syrian refugees in, are you kidding me? Those people are terrorists!"
The origins of Fake News is created by Communism especially nowadays China. Miles kwok seized a lot in  US happenings in Twitter & U-Tube 17
中国人还黑中国，脑子有病
当德国变成了纳粹德国，爱因斯坦就认为这样的国家不值得爱，就离开了德国，去了美国。到了美国后，爱因斯坦就帮助美国打败纳粹德国。因为爱因斯坦认为，爱德国的前提就得把德国从纳粹手里解救出来，让德国成为正常国家。爱因斯坦被纳粹德国认为是卖国贼，但被后来的联邦德国认为是爱国者。
Found any Chemical Weapons ? Bush managed to  find weapons of mass destruction 
Idiot
Like military sayings so much you could've been in the army cadet bonespurs
I say our President knows what’s best for this wonderful nation we live in
It’s all Trump and Russia. You’ve told over 2500 lies since you took office. We don’t know where the lie ends and the truth ( if ever) kicks in. #ObstructionOfJustice #ProtectMueller #ProtectMueller

You warned Russia and Syria so no harm fell to anyone but the innocent people pawns.
#NothingAccomplished 
#TrumpRussia 
#TrumpResign
Nothing can top President Obama raid on the now bequeathed Osama Bin Laden!
Us military families know what a "mission" is, and what you meant, even if the public school educated media, can't comprehend correct meanings of terms.
Yeah so satisfying to bomb another country. They arent your people or zionist jews. That is the criteria in the war strategy of the USA. Mission accomplished. Yip yip hurray. Another way to look at it is weapon test on unrelated meat.
So, you used the term "Mission Accomplished" deliberately to BAIT the press?  Why must you always be such a jerk?
'The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media...'

Trump, what qualifies the nuclear armed US to bomb chemical sites anywhere? Such bombings are acts of terrorism.

You are a terrorist. You should be arrested + punished.
The war in Syria needs to end.!!!! Wanting to pull out and then getting pulled back and seems plotted if we want to help Syria we no longer send troops to fight and bomb we send troops to rebuild the cost is the same and that's the first start of peace
Watching the enemy nominated MSNBC and they constantly talk about how it wasn’t a chemical attack and how it’s bad intel like the WMD fiasco during Bush admin.
You and your knuckle dragging Neanderthal supporters contradict and debunk any notion of white supremacy. How did you ever convince 60MM idiot's you have the intellectual capacity to represent the United States on the world stage?

- Damascus International Airport: 4 intercepted of 4 incoming 
- Billi Airfroce Base 18 intercepted of 18 incoming 
- al-Dumair Airforce Base 12 intercepted of 12 incoming 
- al-Shuyairat Airforce Base 12 intercepted of 12 incoming
- al-Mazzah Airbase 5 intercepted of 8 incoming
Oh, go get peed on
#generalbonespurs
你只是拿叙利亚当做了导弹实验的目标罢了
They, did because your a jackass. This is not an action movie your staring in....you do know this, right?
Mission Accomplished! MAGA by President Trump! Go 2020
It was mission accomplished. I am and so many other Americans were happy to see that the top American leadership namely you Mr. president delivered what you promised. Please continue the pressure on Assad regime until it falls.
please don't hurt  common people in the war.please.
According to our great ally Israel the multimillion dollar smart bombs hit 3 empty buildings. So if you think that's perfect it make it sound like you support Assad and Putin.
They were warned by Russian 2 Days Earlier....Clown
Uh....
So let me get this straight you can throw missiles at Syria to save Syria ?! Aka SAVE SYRIA, but you can't make refuges for the refugees of Syria ?!!! Your saving lives alright. True hero in shaitan's eyes
i figure you suppose to listen a song named#one day#，and just stop your dirty tricks that under the flag of peace or anti-terrorist！

In 2016, the United States accepted more than 15,000 Syrian refugees. More than four months into 2018, we’ve accepted just 11 refugees. The United States must open its arms to those who have experienced the unspeak…
Howabout send some of your Bbbase to Do Diplomacy. They would do better than you. Hey Likes! We need volunteers...
I'm a right wing conservative who voted for you. You violated the constitution by striking Syria. You are a Traitor to this nation and you need to be impeached and spend the rest of your years in prison. I believe you are risking a military coup or a coup by the Militia; resign.
Hypocrisy at its finest . It's really sad to see that you would actually kill babies and children that haven't even had the chance of growing up. Killing innocent families & people  for things that they haven't even done.. how bloody heartless can you be. Imagine that were you
Fake Presidents always do the opposite of their campaign rhetoric! They also divert by pointing the blame on someone else, calling them crooked or fake as they, themselves dive into the swamp of corruption!
Cadet bone spurs trump the tweet-a-lot fake president why do you guys let him make a fool out of himself “mission accomplish”
特朗普特不靠谱你看是吧
Thank you America!

Please don't ignore South Africa:

2nd FARM MURDER in 24hrs: Peelton, Eastern Cape. Farmer just been shot dead on his farm in Peelton, 30km east of King William’s Town, direction Komga. He was shot dead at his farm gate.
İt was a real theatre,nothing more than that,Assad must be laughing his balls out of his pants.İf one kills million citizens with coventional arms its okay?b.t.w what about toxic fumes after bombing a chem.plant?
What a fu*king resident !
#MAGA

Good job #SecDefMattis & crew @realDonaldTrump #jeffsessions
Can you maybe become our president in a spectacular coup please?
Mission objectives for this strike in Syria were conpleted without any loss of life to our troops; so in fact the mission was acxonplished!.
Robert Fisk confirms what we knew already....no gas attack in Douma, just a whitehelmet running in shouting GAS GAS GAS

this is starting to unravel
Drop one more stupid bomb and im off the trump train. NO WAR!!!! No False flag crap!!!÷
Do you know that there are still children in Syria? They live in terror every day. Does your conscience hurt? If not, then what's the difference between you and Hitler?
fucking perfectly!!!!!
look at those kids!!!!
be fucking kind!!
You’re clearly deranged.
Remember all your tweets about what a disaster it would be be if Obama were to order a strike on Syria? I suppose you'll be apologizing to him now.
Has anyone considered the reasons the Russians and Iranian’s support of Syria’s use of Chemical weapons.  It is well known during the Iran, Iraq war that lasted 8 years, Iraq used similar Chemical weapons against Iran with America’s full knowledge.  Is Russia behaving the same.


Good thing Putin showed restraint and maturity. Any more of this bombing-other-countries-for-false-flag-shit and I’m off the trump train
So u mean the USA bombed Syria so that the Syrian government stops bombing the terrorists? Hmmm...
100 launches. All hit their targets. Not one casualty. So everyone moved everything ahead of time. Yet you said you would not tell the enemy ahead of time. Another lie there Donny? I think so
#4MoreYears 
You needed to hit some really important spots not ones that Putin hand picked.
If telling Russia what you were going to bomb in advance, giving them time to evacuate and then rescinding the sanctions, the yes, Mission Accomplished. Many people are saying you are still #PutinsPuppet #TraitorTrump #TrumpRussia
No, they could easily impeach you now because you have taken UNCONSTITUTIONAL ACTIONS, You have no proof of CW's The Syrian Raid was the Worst ever with 100 plus missiles failure trying to hit three targets? Stop lying, Repent to GOD, you took an Oath you will be held accountable
Funny you dont mention Russia shot down well over 60% of your so called smart missiles.
Master of Lies!
Next move by Democrat Party  President in 2020 may b 2 encourage Assad to exile himself to a  prison somewhere. His life could b spared but in prison for life under UN protection. Then he could give up the secrets to intelligence agencies.
tRumpie. Repeat after me. Eye ham sew faw king we taw dead.  Good job, tWumpie.
I really did not feel it was the best idea to carry out this action but I kept telling myself I did not have all the information as I was sure you had; you proved it WAS the best action to take and I hope the future for Syria ends well when the smoke settles
TAKING A MORAL STAND @Comey
Sure would be nice if we the disabled vets for live get a much larger raises than a lousy 2.4% hard to live in this greety America,,,help us.

Thank God it was carried out by you but our capable military.
I’m the educated white democrat who voted for you. Hilary is a disgrace to our country, and the Democratic Party. Her shadow presidency makes her look ridiculous. Please lock her up. You have kept everyone of your campaign promises!
How’s that wall coming? Has the check arrived from Mexico?
Trump I love you but bombing Assad's Syria was WRONG. I highly doubt Assad used chemical warfare like he was accused last time. It was proven that ISIS and the Saudis were the ones who orchestrated the chemical attack last time. We all know even Trump is not the one who runs USA.
Oh he definitely runs the USA. But he has to constantly battle Congress. They had a lot of evidence this time. And not once did Assad deny it
Sign of success is how most of the media has ignored the raid and the righteousness of it. Had a Dem admin done this, the praise would be universal.
The Fake News is the only thing protecting us against YOU........
Worst president ever.

Israeli intelligence says Trump's Syria strike failed, and that it didn't take out much of anything.

... so much winning!

I will be happy to say "Mission Accomplished" when YOU are gone!

shame on this decision mr trump.without any proof why you made attack on syria?????
Уважаемый Д.Трамп! Остановите эту позорную войну, сохраните мир, иначе война с нами завтра придёт в ваш дом. Об этом знают Наполеон и Гитлер. Удачи. Пиши.
SOS Syria #CriesFromSyria boicote na copa do mundo.

You called it “so perfectly carried out” did you see all the children dying? What would you do if that was your family?

Hey bone spurs... what do you know about the military?
.Shit!You are shit!Did you like it?I guess YES!
Trump.Come on.Kiss my ass.
They may have hit their targets, but you gave them enough time to evacuate. Fail!!
I hate this man!
We, the Syrian people, support President Bashar al-Asad, who is legitimate and ready for any American aggression on our country. We will defend until the last drop of blood in our veins.
#Cohen and his #THREESTOOGES! That N.Y. case should be a real discovery and eye-opener! #MSNBC AND #CNN will have a field day! #HANNITY from #FOXNEWS will soon be GONE!
There hasn't been no hard evidence presented on chemical weapons. Why attack without evidence and repeat another Iraq?
Greatest Death Merchant !
When this happens to you then and only then it’s #MissionAccomplished #TimesUp
