
Bombing is diplomacy, it forces them back to the negotiation table when all other means have failed.
That's the most idiotic thing I've ever seen.
Is your mission still accomplished, when my children are going to bed scared at night because they think there is going to be a World War?...
History is a story,  this is real lives here!!!!
You guys are so soft. You live in the most powerful country in the world. Read your kids a bedtime story
Exactly the word 'power' no one here gives a shit!!!!!
The USA, BIGGEST Terrorists on the planet, who the fuck gave you permission to police the planet, fucking yanks
Do you Seriously Believe JEHOVAH GOD Our Father in Heaven His Loyalst Holyest Son JESUS CHRIST KING IF KINGS LORD OF LORDS Haven't seen&heard what you have done if you think you can hide behind thisYour a Pack of Fools on TheWay To The Lake ofYour Military will be Destroyed
#Mad king.
Is he a #Madking because taxes are down, employment is up, unemployment rates are down, stock market is up, jobs are more available.. That makes him completely insane. I agree. The economy bush and Obama crashed, is starting to look up again. But he's mad. Mad I tell you!
Straight jacket Crazy!
Congratulations!! You've been successfully brainwashed.
甘霖娘。
Hey Trump you little Motherfucker , Melania was a realy nice fuckbitch 
Then u also  say that what kind of a nation wants to be allied with a murderer when u could have killed men woman a nd children so you have to ask yourself what makes you any better or apparently a civilized country thinking what we did is justified
you know, we the people all know that there was no way Assad would or ever has attacked his own people, you and i know it was the rebels and al-qaeda, now called the white helmets that did it and probably with the backing of the US then you drag my country into it (UK)
But Assad did, in 2012 during Obama’s presidency. Assad killed over 1400 civilians using sarin gas.
What u said " mission accomplished was a stupid thing to say because even though there use of chemical weapons were horrible and sickening you have started a bigger problem . Also you said these are not the actions of a man but a crimes of a monster your no better .
代表叙利亚人民给你发来最诚挚而亲切的“问候”，希望你少走夜路，不然会撞鬼的！
i will create 6 stunning #animated #logo #intro #video for $5 on #Fiverr
The world-USA=peace
Good morning my president 
Plz plz plz ..I need ur help.really I need a help .plz let any one of ur team contact with me .
I hope and I pray to God to get back
To me
Vc é um monstro pior que o Temer
There is nothing Christian about this You Beared False Witness No Evidence You $ Arm Train AL-QAEDA-ISIS TERRORISTS The$ Comes out of TheTreasury The Budget approved Billions More For Your Terror Wars Youv Murdered Christians inYou Bombed
Love MY President and MY country
Was it a ground strike done in the infantry or an aerial strike done in the air force?
Murder. Bombing the people fighting al Qaeda.  The Syrian government is fighting alqaida, because Israel hates Syria we Americans have armed the Syrian alqaida rebels.  The same rebels using gas and chemical attacks and desperately trying to blame it on the Assad regime.
Viejo hijo de la chingada! Maldito asesino psicópata, te van a dar el premio Nobel como al psicópata de Obama? Desgraciados, ratas inmundas del infierno.
No surprise that the leftist pro choice infidels seem to have no problem with children being murdered and made to suffer via chemical weapons.
son of a bitch
妈的，自诩先进民主自由注重人权是你们，屡屡发动战争的也是你们。不就是利益嘛，都几百年了还是换汤不换药，真令人恶心。所以英法受到恐怖袭击能怪谁?己所不欲勿施于人。
“I’m done with my ignorant and obnoxious tweet storm for today. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.”
As a Trump supporter I'm very disappointed. Let's hope it doesn't accelerate. Mission is #MAGA keep your promise.
Liberal who
I support whatever President Trump is doing because IM NOT A LIBERAL
Strikes based on lies, congratulations you're as dumb as liberals.
Trump would never do anything dumb! I just believe in my boy because im a real supporter and not a tidepod-eating, fellow tsupp criticising dumbhead! B-) I just got you epic style.
Funny how few know what really happened, and although I don’t support all of Trumps decisions I have to say he did the right thing. Yet, people criticize him for that, if he would have done nothing and Assad used his chemical weapons he would still get criticized for not acting.
The fact is that the people of Damascus in Syria have been hit hard.
I understand and wholeheartedly agree, but sitting back and watching how they get suffocated in sarin gas is not something I’m comfortable living with. I too wish we didn’t have to bomb any country, special those already in ruins but action had to be taken.
But what if the Syrian government isn't actually responsible for this act?
Assad is the government; Ba'athist Syrian Arab Republic (aka the government) led by President Bashar al-Assad, that’s why US, France and GB intervened when he used chemical weapons against his own people
So don't you really see a discord here?
Retaliatory action for alleged still not proven "chemical weapons" through:
- bombing of targets like chemical factories and storages, located near millions city
- strike of 105! missiles, targeting 3 key sites: 35 per target!
Really not?
are you sure is chemical weapons？
I? I'm sure one should let the experts do its work. And don't start the missiles before any evidence has been provided.
And I'm sure you can't read: 1) I wrote it in quotes 2) I get a cognitive dissonance here alone? Strike to the chemical storages vs. usage of "chemical weapons"
trump! Whatever you say i alaways love you!
,,,,
There is active genocide going on in southern Cameroon perpetrated by President Paul biya Mr Donald Trump do something please
Thanks...

Why aren't people like yourself setting an example? Going in a bombing other countries is that the answer? History has proven otherwise the human race spends trillions on warfare but I would like to know how much money it would cost to set an example of peace and negotiation.
Have you seen the interviews with the people who were at the hospital in Douma? No chemical attack. You, sir, are an embarrassment!

.

VIVA LA FRANCE!!!!! GOD BLESS THE USA AND PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP!

Су-30СМ уничтожил фрегат ракетой Х-35 у берегов Сирии... во время учений в середине апреля. В качестве мишени послкжил списанный корабль ВМС Сирии. Один удар - один корабль. 
Wouldn’t say mission accomplished when we are still at high risk of another world war
Really
Mr president Take South Sudan on your list
Thank god you know what your doing !! 
Our President did the right thing. He is our commander and leader we should all support him.
But you willingly bought the White Hats propaganda video.  Didn't you have good intelligence to expose it?  I am saddened and disillusioned over this bombing.  If you were fooled, then the swamp is in the military Intel Dept making you look like a fool.
I am a supporting Repub.  Why didn't intelligence show the chemical attack was White Hat propaganda?   Or did you just want to bomb Asad?
You need to come clean about this
  The report on One America News was damning.  No one in that town saw the supposed attack and even children said it was all fake news.
You should go with your instinct bravo Trump
That is disgusting that you can call KILLING PEOPLE ‘perfect ‘ and that it requires wisdom and power . Just imagine sitting in the White House while someone with ‘wisdom and power’ decides to end your life .
Another War Criminal in the U.S. @WhiteHouse .
I don't think so Mr President #syria @rodemmerson
Did you have to take you tiny hands off of Putin’s balls to tweet this?  #ScumbagPuppet
Yup. We blew the shit out of empty buildings. Your a fool.
No thanks to you
IT WAS #ILLEGAL AND DRIVEN BY #PROPAGANDA!    #NOMORE!
WE SUPPORT YOU BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE A WARMONGER!   THE WORLD IS #FEDUP WITH #WARMONGERS!
你们知道在中国和其他多数国家，都在谴责你们这次的行动吗？？
So...how many civilians/women/children did you kill this time?

Dear President:
May be that You need some Self-Control .
Aquí el que no corre, Vuela.
Yay! Congratulations! It demanded killing many people and ruining the country at opposite side of the world, but at least USA is safe. And when I'm talking about "USA", I mean Usa's money
You're not serious Trump
President Nicaragua need your help now
You know what?That your daughter helped you be the president of the United South America,however,your “mission” had made a great number of family apart from each other cause they lost their life.That’s unfair.People they DON’T love the War at all.
When isis was active u we're asleep sir now u smashed the destroyed syria shame on zionism
Hm...Is that where his tax returns were?
Mr. President, Please thank, all your Staff... Major's, right down to, the Potato Cleaner. We know, what was @ Stake, if this wasn't handled properly! We all, can sleep, alittle bit better, knowing, our Enemies are @ bay!  Thank you, for giving Them, Better! Blessings AJSM49
。。
Might be nice to "NOT" use deadly force huh pres? Is that really necessary ?  Is it a great example using military forces and being the world police? Can we not grow out of this ?
Could that be PATRIOTISM I hear?? Mr. President, how about you and I start a trend? It only takes one, my Nana always told me.
Thank you mr. President..you won't be bullied or allow me to be bullied
World defender
Just crazy thing it is
Can anyone tell me why?
Strikes are leveled months later or even years, at those criminals who poisoned and killed many with their sarin gas or otherwise, while we also must have hit innocent people likewise perhaps more. Why not respond within days?
your strike achieved nothing  you are a tacticslstrategic political diplomatic disaster

How do you think if Arrabella live in the same situation as Syria children？Are you a good grandfather？
Mr.President，I believe you should take some medicines，and therapy.
中国有语，佳兵者不祥之器，圣人不得已而为之。你举起手中屠刀向着无辜平民，现在还在这里为自己的功劳沾沾自喜，你果然和当年屠杀印第安人的那帮侵略者为一丘之貉，屠夫的血脉被你继承。
fk you
功能
Is it true that Russia had to approve the bombing site,?
If your kids are in Syria,what would you do?
Really?!
Destroy all countries to Make America Great Again. Use the soil from the graves to build more Trump Towers.
I admired Obama & Carter, but disliked both Bushes, cant dislike you , as rearlly admired the sensible  books you written, whats gone wrong with you ? Come back, previous Trump is being missed.
Why not strike North Korea who actually has weapons of mass destruction, instead of using weapons of mass destruction on Iraq & Syria who actually the world knows doesnt possess any. The world is not stupid Mr President. As Presient you should have guts to retweet this.
The limited number of targets and the low number of casualties suggest the US gov't didn't know who used Chemical weapons but wanted to prevent #Assad from using them in further attacks.  I think it was the right way to respond.  Stay out of #Syria & let Assad kill the Jihadi's.
In this whole civilized world, Mr. President is in solidarity with you!
Yeah right, Donald ideas are you fighting the places where there are chemical weapons without damaging to third parties
Ma #nibba dt Bad af but just to Share a different opinion what the man does is Not better neither more Bad than all récent and actual political happenings....only Thing different by my view is the honestly that goes with him ....
Still no sign of chemicals but you happily murder innocent civilians? Job well done!!
And then we realize we did nothing
My president trump the best
When i was young , my mom used to tell me that everyone is good in this World and everyone loves peace  , But my mom was totally wrong , because there is people like you! , that has no heart , that loves to see the darknes , U ruined everyones life , I just Hate u , Asshole...
Thank you so much mr president
Ok... I dont give f***!
So perfectly execute having the men’ back and their families, of who defend us
Mr. President, u need to listen to me, & listen good, I raised a man who is on the USS Truman, deployed. Defending our freedom. I live in the Commonwealth of PA, and I am told the registration of the vehicle his wife drives, w/ their infant daughter, my grand baby
Cool. Now let’s get back to mueller and your treason investigations.
World's number one dog
Seriously?
You fool
И революция
Ну ладно будет сопротивление.
Ах вы скотина вы хотите про революцию? Вы ничего понимаете.
Just gonna leave this here!
the world isnt static you know
The Pentagon assessment just concluded the strike will not stop President Bashar al-Assad’s chemical weapons program, despite @realDonaldTrump 's rush to judgment Mission Accomplished!” hyperbole.
он тоже считал что победил терроризм)
You have broken the UN regulations. You have violated your own Laws. Where is democracy in all of these deeds, to which you cover everything?!
What did it achieve, really? Just one step closer to self inihilation.
Luego de ver todo lo que el regimen Sirio ha hecho a su propia gente, me alegro por ese ataque y apoyo los futuros ataques de EE.UU a ese regimen. Deberian mandarle un barril-bomba de Cloro o Aserin justo a la casa de Al Asad.
so crucial
Thank you so much. God is with you.
Are you serious? God, which one? Satan maybe.
Judge not lest you be judged! Leave God out of this. CHURCH AND STATE!

I pray to God, that he finally exposes the devil you are, and wakes up the dumbfounded supporters of yours. Enjoy rotting away in hell sir.
No living soul should have to wake up to hear missiles overpass them. Yet you still have the nerve to call them terrorists. Have mercy.
It's sickening to see that you have no sympathy or guilt whatsoever. These are screaming children, overworked parents, just wanting a decent place to sleep and to eat; because they are human just like; everyone else on this planet.
Weapons r weapons so how does conventional weapons fray to b gud & chemical not?! If you really are worried then dump nuclear weapons first!
It was only a very expensive distraction.  Maybe you should go there yourself to oversee the next attack. After that you, Putin, and Assad can play a round of golf. Surely there is a trump golf course nearby.
No nerve gas was used on Syrian citizens. All fake news. Totally fake justification for bombing Syria. Lame attempt to reinstall US dollar.
It’s murder.  #DonaldTrump
It’s a good thing your boss Putin told you what vacant buildings to bomb. Nothing more than window dressing.  Where’s the sanctions in Russia Donnie boy?  What’s the matter didn’t get permission from Vladimir?

Well Played Mr. President. When in doubt choose a losing card from recent history and Play It Again Sam! Touche! You've still Got It!
Pentagon: Syria still has capability to carry out chemical attack after Trump's missile strikes #Trump #Losing #infowars #MAGA http://hill.cm/0lKnj74 

This is really  an alarming and serious  issue  pity to the young ones who are worried that the warl is again to start
0712051332
Dear Mr. Trump, have a nice watching of these movies! Here is some information about fake chemical attack in Douma, on base of which you perfectly executed strike: https://twitter.com/twitter/statuses/986849559207972864 … …
And here are some comments about America's role in the World..
https://twitter.com/twitter/statuses/986323069336735745 … …
Things are getting scary... what do you think Trump's safe word is? 

#Syria 
You will regret this someday @realDonaldTrump! 
Do not wage war and must maintain world peace.
Gg
无论任何事情，首先请经过联合国同意，而这次是打算重现八国联军侵华嘛？这种性质可以定义世界大战的开端了，如果美国愿意这次作为主战场，看一下你们将会有多少人怀念和平。并且，叙利亚我不觉得他有这个实力研究武器，或者未来有，但绝对不是现在。你们只是打算重现世界大战罢了
包括我的祖国，只要敢重现战争，我也是反对，我无论任何国籍，我只是反对战争

#1 Victory Royale!
Right
if you need animated logo intro video for your business, company, youtube, website and other..... only $5 (best service).... please check out my fiverr profile :
BAD MOVE, ASSAD IS NOT THE ENEMY. MANY WORSE THAN ASSAD IN SYRIA, THAT IS WHO YOU NEED TO GET RID OF OR GET OUT!
Ari Fleischer is right. "Mission Accomplished" was used by GW Bush and then followed by years of US involvement in the Iraqi insurrection. Doubtful if you will have better luck with the phrase Donald.
Ifb
And Obama told our enemies every move he was going to make.Guess HE didn't want his fellow Muslims to get hurt.
What, exactly, was the Mission? Everything I have read says the strike did nothing but prove we have a lot of misses. #Resign
Dang what a pathetic tweet - trump actually admitting that the United Kingdom and France has more wisdom and power than america! Although trump has no wisdom at all, more like a petulant child on a tantrum! ;) LOL
People my greatest president deploy American troops to defend Nigerians and Biafrans. This Nigeria security has been terribly compromised

The current War Criminal's predecessor War Criminal.
Cám ơn Ngài Tổng thống Mỹ Trump vì một cuộc tấn công Syria không mang lại chết chóc nhưng răn đe (Surgical strike). Thanh you to Sir President Trump.
Oh my greatest president the entire people of Nigeria and Biafra is calling on you to come and help us.. Send the US military to come in and defend Nigerians
Oh my greatest president. Send the US military to come and protect Nigerians and Biafrans
Such bad taste to use the terminology 'mission accomplished' -
 like this is some kind of game.  

真佩服你面對那些死去的孩子還有孩子的親人你還能睡得著覺!
War is the most stupid way to solve issues why why why
At last a concrete action that sends a strong message! What leader kills his citizens while the world attend meetings, talk, make money and career over the death, destruction and misery of Syrians. Same ongoing in Congo for years, pls change that too.
Go ahead and drop some more bombs you good at what you do destruction
Xiao Dai Bi you are !!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you President Trump for putting the power back in the US Military. #MyPOTUS #TrumpTrain #Trump2020 #MAGA
Where have I heard rgat before?
Good thing they were surprised.
Do it again, and again, and again. Until Bashir is dead!
It’s you that let us recognize the nature of us.france and uk—three prosperous country (all of you are devil)！this AGGRESSION call to mind the the Eight-Power Allied Forces aggress China.Maybe this is the fucking same thing!!!! western history has demonized eastern empires.
Thank you for doing what Obama wouldn't, how many times did Assad cross that "red line "?
Look familiar you fool!
damn
Thank you, Mr. President for supporting France and United Kingdom in our support for attacking Syria!!
