Watch LIVE as President Trump delivers remarks at the Wounded Warrior Project Soldier Ride: http://45.wh.gov/RtVRmD  

Ha ha ha. Veterns receiv3d by a draft dodging coward. How do you trumpsters not see this?
Good day sir glad you joined my Trump team. MR Trump is the best America President America has ever had. 
I am Wally Ray from South Africa. I hope our President Ramoposa can do the same. 
Well done Mr Trump. God bless you.
Just what does COLLUSION TRUMP know about WOUNDED WARRIORS PLEASE?


I like the idea of using solar panels to generate electricity.
The old Darby's Rangers of world war 2 an Dirty Dozen still fighting today an still protect the country that Roosevelt put in place in world war 2! So they try to get me to go to fort bending Georgia to Darby's school for the Rangers! An Darby's must stay hidden!
どさくさにまぎれて、竹島が、韓国にとられた？、拉致問題も解決しないだろう、断固とした、動きをしない、政府の責任だ

Si, Signor Presidente Trump.
So phony
Please support our Veterans!
Fix the DIRTY VA system!
Give our Veterans some dignity!
GOULART 'SON - 2.0.18 FOR PRESIDENT OF BRAZIL IN 2.018 AND IN 2.022
.It's sad that Dems, in 2010 Omnibus, drew a dividing line btwn the brotherhood of vets, dividing them into pre&post- 9/11.

Now its wholly acceptable to practice #AgeDiscrimination against elder vets, who've been specifically denied equal benefits to their younger counterparts?
Wypipo
Obama was a draft dodger.  I was not.
The draft ended January 27, 1973. Obama was 11 years old at the time.  Nice try.
Mccain is over rated.
How much did this cost me in taxes?
WWP is trash
 Real heroes wear or wore dog tags and combat boots! Thank you for your service and sacrifice! #proudarmymom!
You’re a bridge. I’m so happy you mentioned on ATH that the NFL owners should acknowledge all the people for Colin Kapernick both Black and White.
Awesome!
I want you to know President Trump, that I’m a 74 year old lady with not much money but I do donate, educate and have stood strong for you since you ran for office. I have a failing heart but I pray to live long enough to vote for you again.
Of all the people to speak at a wounded warriors event it is most certainly not this 5x draft dodging joke for a president! He might not however be able to dodge the whore who is suing him though!
Show them your bone spurs !
Horrible remarks! Did he prepare at all? He couldn't even read it with feeling. He & Koch puppetiers want to disband VA.  Again how horrid  Ariz was so he can remake it wonderful like his modern, cheap, glorious healthcare he promised, and we've yet to see any sign of!
I've been fighting this exthortion ring since 2014, our previous cabinet started this. Pres Trump will not get away with exthortion, Federal Law Offices are weakened by President Trump's criminal activity. We pray for a strong force to end exthortion & to indict those involved.
I want President Trump to be put in jail for exthortion since he is such a criminal, killing, raping, he is 666, sacrilidge, satanic to the utmost. If I fight President Trump back then President Trump will low down dirtily call in his Dept of Justice Leaders and FBI...
Ask @realDonaldTrump  to show you his 5 deferments.
Awesome! 
WWP - mostly helps it’s self -
Podunk is loosing his grip

What branch did all you Trump haters serve in?
What branch did he serve in? Oh, that's right...none. Five time draft dodger. You should be ashamed of Cadet Bone Spurs.
#PROUDAMVET
https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxnews.com/us/2016/03/10/wounded-warrior-project-reportedly-fires-top-executives-amid-spending-controversy.amp.html … @FoxNews

“Don’t kill him!” “I think he’s dead!” yelled his partner as a @npnewcastle police officer unnecessarily and repeatedly slammed a man’s head into the floor until the man was left unconscious in a pool of his own blood.…
Coming soon: @realDonaldTrump nominates himself for award for bone spur battle injury.

مکرون از موفقیت برجام در توقف فعالیت‌های اتمی ج،ا ابراز اطمینان…
Why cant people lay off of the Trump bashing and just show some respect for the troops? He's taking care of the soldiers and repairing the damage obama caused. No matter what ur opinion of Trump is you can at least show some respect for our military
Exactly. I agree.
BRAVO POTUS BRAVO!!!

Has WWP cleaned up their act?

CBS News investigates Wounded Warrior Project
I’ll talk about how all the STDs I faced from the hookers I slept with was my Vietnam. They’ll be horrified when they see my “wounds.” Such a sacrifice for our country. #Cadetbonespurs #draftdodger #TraitorTrump
From a five time draft dodger
Every day Mr. Trump you have a gigantic opportunity to turn it all around and be honest. Every day you have this huge opportunity to lead with empathy and respect for all. Every day you COULD do the right thing… And resign to save the nation the pain of your embarrassing tenure.
Yes take care of are troops.  I love yall.  U keep us safe. Amen.#KeepItReal
How is wounded warriors funded? Asking for a friend.

Cowardly cadet bone spurs addressing American heroes.

These heroes lives are forever altered. They are the brave ones.
Trump tried to appoint a drunk and an opioid dealer to run the VA. Thanks for nothing you orange twit!
Life given, blood shed any sacrifice for U.S. in Revolution War, 1812, Spanish American, Civil War, WWI, WWII, Korean, Vietnam and War on Terror their sacrifice goes to Putin and communism w High Treason/trump as president. OPEN YOUR EYES WAKE UP no honor w High Treason/trump.
What an insult to those who actually served their country, to have to listen to the babble of a DRAFT DODGER!  Shame on you WWP for being puppets to this disgrace and sad excuse for a"president". #BoneSpurs #DraftDodger
"I like people who weren't captured." President Donald Trump on POWs
He's a hypocrite

doland trunp block me
@JbgasaJohn Gracious Gud Rescue me , let's join hands to repatriate home through German, posted to Newyork
I’m so tired of seeing 5-time draft dodging bone spur stand up in front of military veterans who stand up to serve this nation. Trump is such a POS.
Which branch of the military did Obama, Bill and Hillary serve under?
Did they use their family’s wealth to get them out of a horrible war by faking injuries? Did they try to appoint an unqualified person to run the VA so that they could use him as a puppet to privatize the VA so Veterans healthcare could become even worse? Enough WhatAboutism!
What is your evidence for your claims? Either you serve or you don't.

A coward who had Daddy get him 5 Deferments 2 avoid the War. He uses the Military members as Shields, Decorative Props. and cares NOTHING about the Military.  As he attempts to place any Swamp Monster as Head of VA Privatization to a Trump Crony is the Con Man Objectives

A "dragon." Oops, no! More like dragging alongside tRump. To each his own. Sad.

@jontester is the one looking out for our VETS not this Bullshitting sad excuse for a president. I can’t even listen to his lies anymore.@POTUS
The Orange One is a traitor.
Must be a great honor being welcomed by cadet bone-spurs.

Is Rudy Giuliani there he shot himself in the foot in New York over the travel ban is he tricked again thinking evil likes anyone no respect
Why do you people keep using this page to spread hate and discord Instead spread the good word and stand behind our 45th president
Because he said this about Prisoners of War. "I like people who weren't captured." Please find a magical way to defend that.
@skinsfanh too true 


A draft dodger and a porn again hooker addicted prez honoring wounded soldiers?  Sad.

Sad 
We are watching right now 

THANKS for the heads up
https://aanirfan.blogspot.com/2016/06/trump-sex-slaves-and-sex-scandals.html?m=1 …
Highnesses  I have also new castration and my life is almost gone
Hahaha #CadetBoneSpurs the only wound he has experienced is to his giant ego.

No thanks!
Seems like your type of people.
Ya know if our goverment would take care of our soldiers we wouldnt need these http://groups.Im  happy we do.
They don’t. That’s why we have outside charities like Wounded Warriors. Private. Not government. To make up for the lack of care.
Stuff it, dummy.
They don’t have a wounded warriors bone spurs award.
Nor do they have an award for Penn communist movement.
Did you show them your shin splints wound?

CUI PRODEST? 

To understand the reason for the current Chaos, it is enough to realize that Bergoglio denies Christ and His Truth ... if a Pope arrives at that ...…

@POTUS
How many of them have #BoneSpurs?
Resign racist trump
Troll
Yes troll,and what does this tell us about our enemies,posting this on a thread for Hero's?
That they deserve a better commander in chief
As in our heroes do
Resign
Your not fooling us
You’re right. The racist bigot trump isn’t fooling anyone.
