
Remind me again why the US uses the term "Freedom Fries" instead of French Fries?
I have never seen that on a menu
It was all the rage in the US after France decided not to support the invasion of Iraq.
Still never seen it on a menu
Seriously? Does anyone remember “freedom fries”? #ourprezisamoron
Yes my family goes all way back to the father's of this country to George Wythe an before an to the French and British! An the French should all be on our side unless evil takes over an not uphold the Constitution an the Geneva Convention!
Did Melania enjoy chatting in “fluent French” with her guests? 
GOOOO TRUMP !!


Freedom Fries? We have not always been allies.
Love how the country is turning around for the best
@USCongress @USSenate  Support #USCitizens #AmericansFirst @POTUS  H1B & H4 visas Import cheap foreign workers from India Causing Americans 2 lose their career's No #H1B No #H4EAD  No #HR392 No #ISquared #NoH1B #NoH4EAD #NoHR392 #revokeH4EAD #MAGA  #USCitizens1st #DeportThemAll
so a passenger gets fined $500 at customs for an apple she got on a flight and kept it, and Macron brings an entire tree to plant in the gardens of the White House...is that fair?
Amazed me how PELOSI was all up in it.. But when it comes to @realDonaldTrump she's nothing but against everything he says and does.. Maybe this will help bring the two parties back together some what???
France always been a great allies. To bad they haven't seen the new form of invasion & occupation. This social warfare is covert war. People In oppressed & impoverished countries need to work for their freedom & prosperity like my parents & theirs. U can learn/be cause internet
I thought Macron beat the fascist candidate. Who knew he was actually a fascist all along.
The French fascist candidate as you said is less extremist than your president Trump...
Meanwhile: Independence is leaving as we become captives once again.
France is like that old girlfriend you still hook up with when you both had too much to drink and are looking for a one nighter!
No it is UK the old girlfriend...France is the clever one when US needs friends!
So who explained to him who Lafayette was?
He obviously had someone tweet for him, because everything was spelled correctly
Lafayette Park adjacent to the executive mansion is a symbol of our "unbreakable alliance" and undaunted courage Gen.Lafayette demonstrated in support of America struggle from tyranny.

با سلام خدمت رئیس جمهوری ایالت متحده به نظر من باید متحد بشویید تا بتوانید تغییر رژیم ایران انجام بدهید
It was nice listening to @realDonaldTrump — the man who wants to jail journalists who are critical of him — talk about the principles of liberty.
Wasn't there that one time when the French supported the Confederacy?
YES TRUE
So what have they done for us in the past 50-100 years?
We let you the opportunity to come to France!
LaFayette was 19 when he claim to America. Washington pretty much adopted him. He became a Major General. Those were the days !
Not only that but a few years after the American won their independence,when France ask for support for their freedom We said no. Because we were too broke to help.
You forgot the second Iraq war. France didn’t want to join us in an illegal war. Alternative history?
It was a good decision from France...you had the petrole from Irak and created alternatively EI
macron is probably on the way out at home
trump better not screw up again!!
" Morocco the first country to recognize the United States of America. Negotiations on a formal treaty to establish ties between the two countries began in 1783. The Moroccan-American Treaty of Friendship was signed in 1786."

Hmmmm, Arabs, Muslims! Travel Ban?
Cooperation on what? You embarrass him with your dandruff cleaning , you garble an unintelligible word salad on Syria and Iran, and can’t be civil to invite key members of the dems. Another Trump disaster
Get a room.
Yeah. Trump saying that was dumb. #imnotfrench
Are u people out of your f minds?
45 is unhinged

Not long ago Americans changed the name of French fries when the French had the audacity to tell the truth.
Trump sure like playing soldier today!  I imagine it won't be long before he tries to kiss Macron on the lips!  Trump is PATHETIC!
#SaveAlfie
#SHUTTHEFUCKUP
A noble spirit embiggens the smallest man. 
#FLOTUS Your white ensemble with hat for the meeting with French president Macon was elegant. Your dignified beauty is appreciated.
Famous Freemason: Marquis de Lafayette
"Humanity has won its battle. Liberty now has a country."
~Marquis de Lafayette
http://www.midnightfreemasons.org/2011/07/famous-freemason-marquis-de-lafayette_26.html …
Just as long as Trump don't get us back in to the TPP and as long as Trump don't sign with Iran deal again.
"What's that smell in this room? Didn't you notice it, Brick? Didn't you notice a powerful and obnoxious odor of mendacity in this room?.....There ain't nothin' more powerful than the odor of mendacity....You can smell it. It smells like death." 

- Tennessee Williams
“History repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as tweet.”

- Roger Cohen, New York Times - 4/13/18
How is that?

http://mikkofoundation.com/index.php/t-shirt-design-contest/?contest=photo-detail&photo_id=220 …

http://mikkofoundation.com/index.php/t-shirt-design-contest/?contest=photo-detail&photo_id=218 …

http://mikkofoundation.com/index.php/t-shirt-design-contest/?contest=photo-detail&photo_id=217 …

https://www.change.org/p/we-want-to-see-trump-s-tax-returns …
What is your feedback

A true bond

Still wondering who writes for Trump, this is way too smart.

Will you apologize for slavery

Oh dear !!! Poor you
ارث في القتل واستقواء على الضعيف وتحكم في الجبناء دوي النفوس الضعيفة ومواصلة شراء الذمم
Makes me ill.
President Macron knows how to play you like a violin.
You can see it on his face, he feels sorry for you b/c of your incompetence.
As do all European and uk leaders

He had better watch his back or Trump will have him fired!!
100% @realDonaldTrump doesn’t even know the French fought with the US in the revolutionary war or who the hell Lafayette is. He definitely did not write this. No way 
He'll screw it up. POTUS gets thill from braking chops.
Aren't you glad it's NOT
at Maralago
money making scam.
That is great that France has become an Allie.
Which equals dead Americans, does no one remember WW2, Vietnam.
Hope that means you told him to go to hell about supporting the Iran deal.
Trump kissed a boy and I think he liked it, @tedcruz is really jealous.
フムフム………ホワイトハウスが、俺を呼んでいる？
今すぐ駆けつける！
今度は犬かきで大西洋横断だ！
Isn't Macron a socialist (gasp!)?
Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want @BarackObama re-elected http://bit.ly/MPdoB8 
Trump is not intelligent enough to say that.
You sound jealous
Somebody had a history tutoring session today!
Didn't we spend 2002-2008 dismissing the french.  

#FreedomFries or the French are being the useful idiots we want them to be now??
By saying that statement you brought up Old Wounds and now we can look at it is that you don't like England now
Stating that we have strong historic ties to an ally of England, in no way says we don't like England.  You're part of the problem!
How Emmanuel Macron Became the New Leader of the Free World - POLITICO Magazine
Thank you to The White House for sharing. Yes, I agree with President Trump’s comments. President Trump has made clear that the bond between the United State and France is unbreakable. Good Friendship Forever
The French hate you
Trump is an absolute joke.

Is that why in WWII USA didn't support France and Allowed them to be invaded by Germany.
Are you going to bomb those wedding-bombing Saudi Animals or what?

Trump lies!
Just think the gunman went to the White House with guns 2 do what ? but not only that his weapons were taken from him but giving back guaranteed he wasn't there for a tour Trump Administration get it right enough is enough
The house of lies
But did the orange dumb ass get Duterte’s approval first??
Someone has to be a world leader. Hope #DotardDonnie has enough crayons so he can take notes.
Thank you Mr. Macron for this long lasting relationship and your patience in dealing with our corrupt president

YOU ARE NAUSEA INDUCING.


In time Donnie will screw itup worse #pleasestoplyingtousyouGiantAssHat
ever since trump became president we are being played by the most cowardly country on the planet.I think its because he is a lousy human being.
marcon is nut job! Macron Openly Endorses the Kalergi Plan: 200 Million Africans to Mass Migrate to Europe Within 30 Years
Yes and Macron gets his dandruff sorted out as part of the  deal....
By telling the world macron has dandruff....classy
Maybe if he hadn’t ruined every relationship, when he first walked in like a bull in a china shop, he wouldn’t have to work so hard to strengthen the ties. Well, working hard isn’t really his thing.

To understand the reason for the current Chaos, it is enough to realize that Bergoglio denies Christ and His Truth ... if a Pope arrives at that ... everything becomes clear ...

…

But the president does not cooperate
They just want to take back the Staute of Liberty for a few years..,,
No we aren’t interested of this statue which was built by Gustave Eiffel
Trump just stop retweeting about yourself, we saw this the 1st time.
I love the French. 
Especially their French Fries.
And their pussy.
I like to grab 'em both.
"You're filthy, not cute at all. Trash!"
There you go, love, I fixed your woeful grammar.
Are you going to pardon Jack Johnson?
President Trump is doing an excellent job and out First Lady is as well, doing an excellent job!
Including wiping dandruff off?
القدس عربية وستبقى عربية .
القدس عاصمة دولة فلسطين
Kys

That's is pretty small compared to the Clinton's
Why don't you induce President Macron to Bolton?
I didn't watch that speech from which that quote is originated from but I bet my ass that he mispronounced "Lafayette" in a desperate attempt to sound French  . What did Rex use to use when referring to him again? #FM
Did anyone notice Trumps air kisses..... looked like he was sucking a lemon

Macron one brilliant and classy guy knows how to use little donnie!
Trump probably still calls French fries "freedom fries".
Trump never called French fries that.
No Dems invited to the State dinner...divisive, vindictive and classless.  GOP, hold POTUS to higher standards, please.
Why the hell should he invite any of them not one of them is on his side not one of them is helping in any of his cabinet elections why should he invite them nothing but obstructionist
That's why we have "liberty fries" with lunch.
Corner store  gas station owner Joe, Sir...Canadian blowup gas stations m.o. plus strange oil tanks  by our silos last year town owner clem.
AKA TAKE DOWN DA USA THROUGH ITS NEIGHBORS UK OK MK. 
HAL N FRIENDS OF HAL FROM HELL
The people who run France today are not the same people who assisted the USA in our revolutionary war against the Rothschilds and king George iii of the UK, they who run France today are the Rothschilds and the house of Hanover, when they lost the America’s, they took France.
Trump won’t listen to a word Macron has to say. Trump will probably ask to go to France’s next military parade. Trump is a total disaster.
Please. Thanks for the laugh. Onto the next transaction in this most transactional of men and presidencies.

https://www.facebook.com/tobias.johns.1/posts/2008591916057833 …
Who's kidding whom?  Trump didn't write this....he knows nothing about the Revolutionary War let alone France's involvement.
I’m sure Dotard has no idea who Lafayette is.
I’m sure that you have no idea that Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr was a Nazi sympathizer and that you’re in terrible need of a mirror.
I'm sure whatever psychotic medications you're taking are not enough.
I’m sure that your sanity and IQ cannot bear scrutiny. You support a party that has stood for bigotry, hate, racial strife and class hatred and envy since its founding. The current House Minority Leader is a study in white, rich, elitist privilege. Ultra-maroon.
What time is your Klan meeting?
That would be YOUR Klan meeting. You’re a member of the party of Woodrow Wilson, Nathan Bedford Forrest and Robert C. Byrd. Pathetic.
Yeah, we're talking from such a place.
Do we still have to call them freedom fries or are we good with french fries? #HappyMealsForAll #IdiotGOP
Lmfao!!!!!!!

#RIPGOP #RESIST 


AKA NEOTHINK SECRET SOCIETY WANNABE PRESIDENT STEVE FAGAN/ CLEM STEVE GORGAN CHARLES MANSON GANG LEADER.
He literally called him "very honorable" today. 
Wow.
Please end the Iran Nuke Deal. That deal is bad for America and the World. France will remain our ally if we leave this horrible deal.
If we already have strong ties there's no need to build them. What idiot wrote that tweet? #impeachtrump
Don’t you remember when the Republicans called for a boycott of anything French? Do freedom fries ring a bell? Idiot Republicans.

Macron=good/Trump=horrible; end of story
Why do you hate? 

Hate is the manifestation of fear. 

What are you afraid of? 

Freedom? 

Less taxes?
President Trump is continuing the legacy of French-American cooperation that stretches back to America’s independence and working with President Macron to build the already strong ties between the United States and France.
What a dip. He thinks he’s being comical but he’s not. The dandruff incident was an embarrassment. I guess he failed to educate class!
He picked lint off his suit... what a fucking legacy.
Expecting with passion and true best wishes for both great nations, the coming reception of @SMFelipe_VI @CasaReal by @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse No doubts about the big potentially durable and profitable new trusted and loyal long-term relationship. Two real great statesman.
#NotAPresident & #BigRocketMan Trump should know who was General Lafayette????

I don‘t think so - this statement is not from #IWannaBeAMafiaBoss & #FloppyDiskTrump - definitely not...!!!
All the other countries better climb aboard the Trump train or they'll get left behind. America WILL be greater than EVER! God is in control!
'I have a dream' that someday democrats will come to their senses and recognize that their lies, deflection, hatred, corruption and ignorance is nothing more than self loathing brought on by consuming to much DNC stupid juice.

Trump thinks Macon is with him. He’s too stupid to know when he’s being played.

Mr President if this store sold your family synthetic poison and you found out the Gov, Mayor and Sheriff knew for 4 years this was being sold what nickname would you call RickScott ?
Why was this store allowed to poison our citizens? @jaketapper @donlemon @CarolHLN @smerconish @ananavarro @CNN 
"Your" president Trump is going to prison.
NEVER LOOK TO UTUBE OR OTHER REPORTS OF STATE DINNERS - either missing or twisted mumbo jumbo - only space today's pressie found was on PREZ TRUMP FACEBOOK PAGE !!!  Then it was removed or moved - what's going on with internet control of info ???  Very bad !
TRES mauvais suckerburg on internet jumbled up garbage - AMERICA TAKE BACK THE INTERNET - a child could do better than what he's doing now - who writes his horror stories - terrible suck control of US property - MAKE AMERICA TRES BON AGAIN !!! GO TRUMP USA
Sucker representation of the world is so impoverished - how could anyone be so perverse - keeping world stupid was always a wolf trick !!!  Take back the internet from that scandrell or as HITLIARY says lunatic ravings of low brow - what's taking so long ???
Congress swamp held US up - I bet - the excuse for an excuse to do nothing but line their own pockets with trillions stole by that wolf Clinton as o- SOS secret servers massive data BREACHES & illegal stock mongering ! Theif wolf Clinton owo tricks !
BUY NEW PLATES - please - nothing of that wolves is pleasant to US SOVERGNITY !!! Just saying - nothing clintons say or do is for AMERICA FIRST EVER !!!  Nothing but low class theives - the clintons !
Faible volore loup clintons- stamped on back of China ? Maybe ? What a waist - what we've paid for that mistake - countless time over !!!
This is the biggest lie today.   The French were considered traitors and not our allies during the Iraq War.  The GOP and Bush condemned them in strongest terms.   I am amazed at how stupid conservatives can be and one reason we liberals shun them even as friends and business
