Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Why are we even involved in this?  Why can’t Jerusalem be a religious area for all with no ownership or claim?  @realDonaldTrump @AP @ForeverLogical @FoxNews @marcorubio @gtconway3d @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner
Yes, move the American Ambassy to Jerusalem and start a war beyond any imagination. What an insane policy.  Jerusalem is not the capitol of Israel, it's a holy city for all three religion.  Get informed about the UN resolution, that makes Israel possible! Shalom
You do not convince me, dear Cornelia.
Yes, Jerusalem is the capital city of Israelis people.
AMEN!
Shame on you all...
Cywilyddwch chi a'ch plant chi. Mae Islam yn ddrwg ac mae ei ddilynwyr yn ddrwg.
All three of you are crooks and/or liars.  And who stands for the Palestinians? #TwoStateSolution
God bless
God given land for God's chosen people and all who embrace her will be blessed by her! Let's continue to embrace Israel and we will be blessed.
Celebrating?  An illegally funded military occupation, and its 70 yrs of terrorism?!

RIP Mohammed Ayoub shot in the head today by #Israel. Where is the outrage of the so called international community? #BDS #ICC4Israel 
@realDonaldTrump @netanyahu I love this, this is a great feast.
WHAT ABOUT PUERTO RICO?!!!!!
AMEN!!
What Independence?! ISRAEL is just like AMERICA, WHITE SUPREMACY CAPITALISM. TRUMP AND NETANYAHU pushing this agenda of WHITE SUPREMACY IDEALISM, NETANYAHU EVEN LOWERING THE WILL OF GOD BY OFFERING TO PAY ETHIOPIAN HEBREWS TO LEAVE JERUSALEM OR BE PUT IN ISRAELI JAILS, GO FIGURE
You're aware that what you just wrote is completely false, right ? Writing in all caps doesn't make you correct
Depends on who one consults with.  The Holy Bible Already tells the story from the beginning to the end.  Isaiah 11:1-12 and Revelation 21.  The Meek and Humble shall inherit THE EARTH  Matthew 5:5
Your Holy Bible was re-written (for the umpteenth time) by King James of England & Scotland in 1603 (or thereabouts). A lot can be garbled in 1900 years of Scripture. Ever play the game "Pass-it-On" as a kid?
The oldest HOLY BIBLE and The oldest Christian CHURCH are both found in ETHIOPIA!  Translations came from copying off ETHIOPIANS.
Actually,  I believe it was the Kopts.  The Koptic Bible is one of the oldest.
Are you trying to convince me or yourself?
We always standing with Palestine...Not with a killer
This was a great day in history, biblical prophecy being fulfilled!

Today we join the GREAT SATAN that is #Israel as they "celebrate" 70 years of Lies, Deception, Death, Aggression, War Crimes, Land Theft, Genocide. The DEATH of Israel will be a BLESSING on the planet since GOD said Israel has NO RIGHT to EXIST in the Torah #RealJewsReadTheTorah
Mike you are just “dumb”!
There is no country named Israel
every one are the puppet of Israel,we know..
if zionist persecute another 70 years,
#jerusalem willnot be
 Israel anymore,but will resist again .. inşaAllah that the days when killers are expelled from the Holy Land are very close
#Nakba70 #stopterrorisme
Palestinians demand their own lands back in the #LandDay. Thousands of people in Gaza gathered in front of the border fences with #GreatReturnMarch. Israel responding with more oppression and cruelty, 5…
70 years of illegal occupation! Yaaaa!!
Nakba70

Down with israil Down with America very soon god will destroy israil and their supporters 
I don’t recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital.  It isn’t my place to say...just like it is no ones right in Israel to tell us where our capital should be.  Maybe trump should walk over to Palestine and tell Jerusalem is Israel’s.  He is a coward that hides behind money & power
Continuing to pray for Israel!!!

Western backed occupier terrorist sionists are going to be punished with their supporters.
Because of crimes in Palastine State. 
History always repeats any time in any where in world history like past like future:)
ametaur movie  but tells us more ....
Human rights it's overrated anyway
Pence portrays as a CHRISTIAN but I tell u wht!, he’s not, Hippocrate

Amen VP.
Self hater chucky who is  Jewish said nothing @SenSchumer is that telling ? I hate democRATS #CNNisFakeNews @BernieSanders

One criminal congratulating another.
Trump
merci beaucoup MONSIEUR MIKE PENCE VIVE LES ETATS UNIS D'AMERIQUE ET VIVE ISRAEL QUE DIEU BENISSE LES DEUX ETATS
So know ISREAL HAS BECOME SN ALI. Do you and TRUMP eve analyze what your TWEET AT ALL.
Good bless everyone's families and friends
Oy gevalt.  Let's just try to get the Jewish vote...right?  I'm not buying what you're selling.
Thank you VP, I believes our God love you and America.

The Lord said "I will bless who blessing to Israel, and I will hate to who hate to Israel.

Our Lord love to America, because Amecia stand up the Christian Faith.
(Picture is Dr. Chuck Rheem whom I honors presidents Advisor.
But the current Israeli government are extremists anti peace and enjoy occupation.
Yeah 70th anniversary of the greatest THEFT OF LAND
OK thats the Republican party. Now lets hear from Democrat party “ we will drive every Jew occupier from Palestine”.
Mr. VP, just because my country defeated Fascism, is no reason for Zionism to fill the void. Zionism has enslaved my country and made its people mad. Please don't us me (American People) in your kowtow.
Yes good
Yeah for Israel!  I feel comforted knowing we are it’s staunchest supporting country and the Trump administration is helping to keep it safe.
Israel is a racist Apartheid Terrorist State that was Founded On Terrorism BY Terrorists. Israel is a Parasite, and our Politicians are traitors. Our Govt. wants to cut services to the Poor, while increasing aid to that Foreign parasite. What happened to "America First"?
FUCK Israel. Israel is NOT Our friend. Israel is a Racist Apartheid Parasite. What do the American people get in Return for their hard-earned $20 Million/Day? 9/11. The People do NOT Support Israel - US Politicians do, cuz they're all being bribed & blackmailed by AIPAC & Mossad
We have roads , bridges , and small towns falling apart , but would rather invest in a foreign country that we owe absolutely nothing too. Noice.
Brown Noser.
You are an excellent vice President… And I think you’re doing a great job.
Happy birthday to Israel
You are sending congratulations to another crook, thats what Netanyahu is a crook. Its no wonder you, he, and Trump get along so well
Look, this is a snot-nose criticism, but I have to ask: where are the moral differences between how we treated tribal cultures in North America, and how multiple cultures of the Middle East treated one another? (0r, how every ascendent culture was treated by cultures in decline?
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/VP/status/986671801810989060 … (Ranked 44th for Apr 18.)
Ew gross
Silent Mike speaks.  Wow.

You are still complicit in silently standing by sexual assaulting, groping, porn star paying Trump.

you guys celebrate the massacre
Happy 70ty Birthday Israel ! God bless your nation and your people today and always with peace, hope, joy, protection, health, and strength in Christ Our Lord. Amen 
Praise the Lord. Happy Birthday to Israel!!!
#WEDESTROYZİONİSM
Congratulations! Don't grow by destroying others, please
No doubt rebirth day of every country is a great pleasure for the people of the country but prayers from hearts only comes when people are safe from our hands and mouth so Israel evaluate ur core values and spread peace all over the world for making progress & space in hearts
@realDonaldTrump @netanyahu am a Nigeria , got no reasons to comment on this but I most say let's have the fear of God almighty!!!
Wow - you suck hard! Donny must be so grateful
May God Always Keep Them and may it always Bless.  Less war and conflict will help.  I am a Christian Jew.
These are peace? You are cruel.we will block the cruel persecution.we will destroy Zionism
Happy birthday Israel(70  years). Israel Independence day is very great day
How dare we play politics with Gods Holy Ciry, as if we alone have the keys to decide who rules there. You are your pompous attitudes are bought and paid for by men that worship gold. Look to what happened  to Gods Temple when their annoyed king worship power and was not humble
Mr Pence in all of Biblical history the Men that GOD has directly talked to is Adam, Eve, Noah. Abraham and Christ. Only a unrighteous man would assume God not Satan is directly talking to youNot even the Pope says God talks to him only. How dare you fell worthy of Gods attention
Congratulation d'or israël to célébrité independence
After 4 years will be no Israel state...stay tuned, sir
Ok Satan. Now slither back into the hole you came out of
Kids and innocent killers
Right, you must mean Hamas then? 
You know the terrorists who deliberately put civilians and little kids in mortal danger so they can score political points in the news media. I stand with Israel
This land is NOT their home land..read the history sir.
Shame on u to lie and support occupiers just to get their support, sir.
We always standing with Palestine...Not with a killeri
From the river to the sea #palestein will be free. #BDS #israel @AbbyMartin
@realDonaldTrump @netanyahu لعنة الله عليكم..... لعنة الناس اجمعين.....فلسطين لنا شاء من شاء وأبى من أبى وستذهبون الى مزابل التاريخ
The greatest ally!
Land lord is Palestine. We stand with Palestine. There is no place such name has israel. Palestine’s land occupied by enemies. Long live Free Palestine!
Trump / Pence are Major Israel arse kissers, how shameful. Israel first, and give the bill to the US taxpayer
# Imposters in the labd of the so called African Americans.
God bless #Israel70 
No such a country called Israel Why supporting those who do not share our American Values?
Thank you mr @VP ! From all of us in Israel ! God bless you ! God bless united states of america !
How’s HIS corruption suit coming along?
Fake Christian

Pence/mama 2020!

Or in other words. 

Happy birthday m8, you've got cash to "spare", we've got cash to "spare", lets bomb some poor people.
inspiration? abomination...
racist homeland...
I heard Honduras and several other countries moving their embassies to Jerusalem
May God continue to bless the miracle of Israel and the eternal capital of the Jewish people, Jerusalem. Please continue to give ALL SUPPORT to Israel as the situations may demand. "God bless those who bless Israel and curse those who curse Israel"
I hope April 23 National Sovereignty and Children's Day will be celebrated we're still friends right?
the communism will not love the peoples guns & they love military guns only in their land .
that dictatorship ? they don't like the peoples for the guns . they think ,there guns will stop their govt power & dictator life of the despotism !
Some of the war & enemies vs the land on they're troop .can see the troop we're prove,we're guns is go away . the guns less peoples think the prove of land & attack of enemies troop,but our military is away and peoples will gun less place. The guns less peoples prove the land ?


Your jet set ways have not kept you out of Mueller's scope...I hear he just found your Russian money trail...
I’m just here for the comments
Free American pastor Brunson NOW!
Well said
That's on the 14th of mai. pencie
Trump just called the Russia Probe a “hoax created by Democrats.”

— 70 Contacts

— 22 Meetings

— 13 Russians indicted

— 3 Trump advisors pled guilty

— 1 Trump advisor charged w/ conspiracy

— 1 Trump Jr met w/ Russia in Trump Tower

RUSSIA’S NOT A HOAX.
TRUMP’S PRESIDENCY IS.
Hey righteous one you should go talk to the Catholics and Christians in Palestine and see how they feel about the situation



It was all frabicayed by the allies!  The Brits wanted the Jews out so they backed, supported and financed the the incursion into the State of Palestine!
It is not a miracle, it was the result of hard work, determination and not letting people messing with them!!
But, nazis are very fine people. You cant have a president that supports both sides...
Pence to be investigated deeply! There will be much criminal activity to look at here!!!!!!!!
Treasonous Trump is guilty of:

Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thankyou mike and karen for all your hard work
Thank you President Pence!
Netanwahoo......the Apartheid Prime Mininster......our nation supports him and his policies no matter what. Israel can do no wrong!

Amen...
Must watch. No BS
Must watch. No BS
100 years of Zionist barbarism, 70 of independence, 140 years of colonisation. Nothing to celebrate about the colonial-settler terrorism that is Zionism.
Shame on you. You are morally bankrupt indeed.
The "rebirth of Israel' was at the expense of occupying the land of the Palestine, killing the Palestinian people and displacing those who remained alive .
Miracle?
Check up complete! Thanks for your help mike and karen
Puppet!
G-d bless Israel and her brave people!!!!
Please STOP acting like you are speaking for ALL Americans.....,some of us are still concerned on what we need here not in Israel.
Cont.’ joins the 501(c)3, the churches assets are no longer theirs.  The Church can’t opt out of the 501(c)3 with the assets brought with them when the joined.  LBJ 1954 sponsored this unholy covenant!
Hello Mr. Vice President.  As a born again Christian you should understand the unholy covenant the Church has been deceptively persuaded to join must be reversed! you can’t argue the 501(c)3 requirements/rules have stolen God’s assets! Once your Church joins the assess cont.’

Is this the “independence” and “miracle” you are talking about...??!!!
Just doing australian federal police upgrades.
Ya, it reminds me of that time when white people took over North America. I think they used religion to justify their actions too. #Truth #Muslim #Israel70 #IsraeliCrimes

It is clear that Satan's earthly demons now control Trump.
http://F.ck  israel and all the friends toplanin ve bir araya gelin geberirken birbirinizden ayrı kalmayın sağda solda sizi aramayalim
Amen
Ok. Israel. SOS VENEZUELA
#trump
NOT ONLY JEWS DIED IN WORLD WAR II
Died ca. 6.028.000 Poles
#GermanDeathCamps #Holocaust #JewishTruth #Poland #Antisemitism #WorldWar2 #Auschwitz #ReparationsForPoland #Aushwitz #shoah #warsawghetto #memorial #ghetto #Pologne #menorah #nazi #WWII
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_crimes_against_the_Polish_nation …
#Holocaust #JewishTruth #Poland #Antisemitism #WorldWar2 #Auschwitz #shoah #warsawghetto #memorial #ghetto #Pologne #menorah #trump
75th anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising 
It was the Germans who prepared this fate for Polish Jews, Jews and Poles
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warsaw_Ghetto_Uprising …
I would imagine, Mr Pence, that the Palestinians feel about the same way about Israel's Anniversary that Native Americans feel when we celebrate American Independence Day?

Does that make you feel proud, too?
The USA and this administration has no authority to appoint Jerusalem to anyone. Why arent you showing the fighting and deaths caused by our intervention between Isarel and Palestinian.
Happy birthday
Mr. President, Our "great ally" you speak of attacked and tried to sink the U.S.S. Liberty off the coast of the Sinai during the 1967 Arab-Israeli war. They picked up intelligence the Israelis massacred thousands of Egyptian prisoners in the Sinai. What kind of ally are they?
Crooked Trump.
That is so awesome keep up the good work congratulations Israel
I stand with ISRAEL ♡♡♡
Amen
Happy birthday Palestinia !
Poutine
#GoAway
Shut up
creating a state on the ruins of another country is not independence!
Congratulations to Israel and PM Nethanyahu.
Praise the Lord!!
Only because of the billions with which you prop up this vile regime .
Бірі өліп бірі қалсын кəпірлердің
Islamic enemies and terrorist countries. America and Israel are terrorist countries!
Mike- you will be going to prison too. You are just as corrupt as Trump. Your Russia knowledge will sink you. You have been complicit in Trump's corrupt agenda when you should have seen he was destroying us & you should have stepped up to protect us. YOU BLEW IT!!!
PPP  or pence piss off
True we never had better friends than Israel
And shoot any dissenting Palestinians who dare protest over the theft of their lands
Is it true that the President TRUMP is using the president JOAO from Angola to force Kabila to leave the Power before the electoral process  in December? If yes, who'll success to Kabila for a short Transition?
No that was clintons idea
Is the the same ally that attacked the U.S.S Liberty in the Mediterranean Sea and fired at sailors in the water. Ally’s don’t do that
Just remember. Some people lived in the area before. They are not allowed to live there anymore. A just solution for them is needed too. No matter who is to provide it. Nice day and justice for all.
hope its not true pence haley runnirunning in 2020 because  they want to impeach trump both neocons
#getthatsilver
"miracle"?  Is that the reason and the word of a state leader?

Israil terör devletidir .
Kudüs müslümanlarındır
#Nakba70
Reading over the comments a lot of u ppl don’t know the Bible and what it says about Israel
#QAnon

#DeepState 

#WednesdayWisdom 

#TheRainMakers 

#DrainTheSwamp 

#MAGA

#KAG
Is the Mueller probe legitimate or a hoax?
Israel is a terror state, and we've been blocking UN resolutions trying to declare it as such.
congratulations!
Yay, congratulations!!! God is so good and will always protect you, dear Isreal!
Amen to that..
One genocidal criminal state congratulating another #Nakba70
I don't recall Israel saying they want to wipe a race off the face of the Earth. Just protect what is rightfully theirs
#Nakba70
What has Israel done for us? I mean besides making us hated in the Middle East b/c we support them and their war crimes & crimes against humanity? We would not be such a big target of terrorists if it weren't for our support of Israel. All they do is create problems for us.
시편 5장 9절

9.그들의 입에 신실함이 없고 그들의 심중이 심히 악하며 그들의 목구멍은 열린 무덤 같고 그들의 혀로는 아첨하나이다 
9.Not a word from their mouth can be trusted; their heart is filled with destruction. Their throat is an open grave; with their tongue they speak deceit.
