Potus with his new boy friend.
Are you posting so much about France because they’re the only country that doesn’t hate us? 
That’s my guess.
The "frenchship" mister Président. I love US since 10 years old. I feel more American Citizen than French Citizen, i've been in US fews years and i fined a job easy, because i am not leasy too. I work si hard for the business company i build in France
So hard
Yes it does Mr. President Trump you are doing a great job
Trump is doing good job. He works hard for us. I m not Republican, don’t hate Obama, he is good man but He is not talented enough to make things happened, left a double amount of debt
Rather than focusing so much on group, let’s change all that energy toward AMERICA. I never been to Africa, and nor were any of my immediate family, so the majority of us do not appreciate the tag “African American”.
Mr. President, admittedly your being in office has brought many changes, including tax breaks, lower unemployment rates, and etc, but I have one suggestion to make. My suggestion: Discontinue your focusing on certain ethnic groups, such as “African Americans”. We are Americans 2
For all those who thought Kim Jong-un was a changed man, he is not sir, he's playing a deception game trying to buy time and get enough money to rebuild his testing site tha collapsed. He will leech off SKorea & the world until he gets enough money & then POW back to square one.
Good!we should grow our friendship deeper!more than the United Nations!an above the the United Nations relations!
God bless...
The friendship lasted up until yesterday .when he discovered what a BAFFOON you are
No that would be you.  Only a baffoon would be a liberal.
But I do know that our potus is smarter than me and most of us .just that I'm confused.
Running With the dogs,hmmm ,cowards nead friends always.
HALLEJUAH!
PRAISE THE LORD!
WHAT A LONG RELATIONSHIP WE HAVE HAS.
THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING US IN 1812 AND BEING HERE TO THIS DAY!
GOD BE WITH US!
No handshake for Merkel and kisses got Macron.... le gay American president?
... you mean the friendship that was put in stone by Jed Babbin by expressing his high appreciation for Frances military value by saying „... going to war without France is like going deer hunting without annaccordion...“?
Hope this #friendship will extend to #African nations
Maybe when the African nations stop blaming the US for their problems and for slavery then a relationship can be formed that is profitable for all.  The US is not the world aggressor nor are we an oppressor.  If so, then why does the world want to be here?   Including Africans??
Back out of the Iran deal and see how strong that friendship is.
Might be ‘unshakable’ at the moment but when The Orange One starts his trade war?
Get a room!!

A Federal judge has ordered the Trump Administration to continue signing people up for DACA. Do you believe the judge made the right choice? Vote and retweet. #MAGA #DACA #BuildTheWall #AmericaFirst #Resist #Resistance
Funny, the first noticeable thing in the European Press about this visit was Trump dupe Marcone by removing dandruff from His jacket for him at the photo shoot, is that how you treat friends, by making their flaws obvious for everyone to see?
Marcon leaned into trump’s ear so he could quietly tell him his fly was down.
Hand holding etc.  some ridiculous stuff each trying to prove dominance.   Know it is not Trump he screws up everything
The French aided us during the revolution and helped defeat Cornwalis.
Fire your drugged doctor you piece of shit
What a fucking loser you are stupid ass,
Yeah, ok... till he gets mad st him, starts calling him French fri boy, or some other stupid name.  Tuck frump!
President Macron makes Donald Trump look like an amateur (which he is).
45 is unhinged
Nicely done.  You made us proud today.  And congrats to @FLOTUS for pulling this together.  A very classy affair.
Right. Unbreakable while it suits you.
Donna Warren = TROLL
President Trump is bringing peace through strength. President Trump will fullfill his promises to the American ppl. Thank you President Trump.
President Trump is trying to start nuclear Armageddon. Praise the lord and watch the mushroom clouds and red dawn.
You go President make America great again
Help save #AlfieEvan
History will show trump the worst president in American history
Obama already has that label.  Sorry....
(2)..IT OFF! Really IMPROPER! & Trump's speeches! All the SAME STUFF we've heard 100 times! & TOUGH GUY TALK like a Mafia Don! All about HIM, his ULTRA-NARCISSISM & what he PERCEIVES is his UNMATCHED POWER! It was all TERRIBLE! STUPID! VERY EMBARRASSING! We've GOT TO GET HIM OUT!

(1) OMG, fellow Americans, Trump has become positively CREEPY! He's a SCARY, UNWELL GUY! Did u see him today, with his hands (& LIPS!) all over Macron?! HOLDING HIS HAND half the time, for God's sake! And actually TELLING HIM he had "DANDRUFF on his shoulder",& Trump  BRUSHED IT-
Greet
Listen to CNN in the morning, Toobin, Gregory, etc, analyzing with hatred. The early CNN stop broadcasting with hatred, the better for them
Comey needs some jail time for the leaks, fake memo. He just connived with fake news and hatred journalism of CNN.
African Americans are behind you. My paycheck is up and my family can have extra gallons of milk each week. Bravo Bravo Trump
Viva La France.
Trump u have got to do a temporary shut off of accepting anymore h
Refugees from other countries for hard ship reasons. AMERICANS r having a hard enough time trying to survive with the infiltration of thousands of ilegals and they're coming in car rails stop it plz.
Repairing at least a decade of withering EU relations is again a sign that the US is moving in the right direction. Thank you Mr President!
Who really wrote this?
Wrong again
https://www.change.org/p/we-want-to-see-trump-s-tax-returns …
So when in France dealing with their Muslim invaders or will we have to deal with it?
Time to put a halt on the TURKS!!!!
Yea friendship,  I remember when #France would not let our FB-111 jets fly over its airspace when we needed to go after Kadaffi under Ronald Reagan.#France only wants friendship when it in their best interest.
 American government should help us biafrans we are been killed every day in Nigeria just because we are biafrans
Wow... Macron double NWO agent?
Nigeria government shooting the people of biafra to kill them America government should do something we are biafrans and not Nigeria
 this happened in anambra state Nigeria government killing us every day and no body is saying anything about it it's because we are blacks so our life's don't matter to them but they are using biafra oils
UN should do something about biafra freedom we are been killed every day in Nigeria just because we are for freedom #free BIAFRA
this is our ipob members indigenous people of biafra killed by Nigeria president Muhammad buhari
this are biafrans killed by Nigeria president Muhammad buhari and his government fulanis headsmen
Nigeria government are killing us biafrans let American government do something about biafra freedom from Nigeria#free biafra
We have decades of history with France. They are a great country that we can always rely on.
Hhhhhhhh

But the left says everyone in Europe hates Trump! 
Maybe this Trumps Excalibur moment. Maybe he can break it.
Oh please. He thinks you’re a child like every other grown up. He just acts like a professional. Maybe you could give it a try and see what happens?
It's not friendship ... he feels sorry for you because you're so incompetent & don't know what you're doing. President Macron knows how to play You. HA!
Yeah until Trump trash talks Macron or Macron says or does something that Trump  dislikes. I don't believe a word Trump says.
I'm sure you do something to offend him along with the billion you already have
Waahhh....  Liberals always crying.  Pack your bags and pick up Obama, Hillary, and Bernie on your way to Iraq.  They’ll welcome you with open arms.  You’ll love Sharia law!!
I’m sure Macron has had your personal cell phone hacked and is delivering damning information to the special counsel. Unlike yourself, he is a patriot.
Don't be fooled. He is a wolf in sheeps clothing, sent by the E.U to test our resolve and fortitude. tbh i don't know, but we think it is a test of our President. #standstrong @realDonaldTrump #maga #Trump2020 #WeBelieve
Trump is not a fool.  He’s dealt with tougher and more deceptive people in business deals.  I can tell you for sure, diplomacy ain’t crap compared to billion dollar deals.  He’s used to covering all the angles and having an escape route and a backup plan.  Have faith in Trump!!

You’re very busy on Twitter today, BLOTUS. What are you trying to distract us from?    on
Alright!
Is this friendship why trump can't seem to stop touching macron?
俺はトランプ大統領のシークレットサービス。
報酬はキャンディー３つ。
PLEASE STOP THE IRAN'S NUCLEAR DEAL ,THE REGIME OF IRAN IS THE BIGGEST SUPPORT OF TERRORISM AND WE NEED TO BRING BACK ALL THE SANCTIONS AGAINST THIS CRIMINAL REGIME OF IRAN !!!
That is wonderful President Trump, other leaders look up to you.
And who can forget the oh so Grand gesture of James Taylor.     ........    sorry
Beautiful to see! 
If I was Macron I’d get away as fast as possible.
Well you're not
Wonder what historical nuggets Trump and the White House will bring up, should Prime Minister May and the Trumpster ever meet again. Guess that will have to be stateside though, as scared little trumpy is too much the coward to visit Britain.
You missed a few things from your history lesson, like when America hung its new allies out to dry and declared itself neutral when France went to war with Britain in 1793.
Or how about the quasi war of 1798 when America got a bit annoyed that its delegation to the French government had to pay bribes to the government to secure a deal.
2003 and the invasion of Iraq? France opposed the war, and America got all upset about the French expressing an independent opinion and broke the friendship for a while.
Unbreakable?? I think not.
Trump's very, very needy. Trump must see everyone as a friend. Trump's an international embarrassment & laughingstock! SC Mueller & NYAG Schneiderman r close. Obstruction, RICO, money laundering, racketeering, conspiracy. Indictments dropping soon! Resign now Donnie! #moron
Macron can bring him a croissant in jail when he comes for the conjugal visit.
Fascinating
Usually strengthens a bond when you chemical gas people together 
Except the brushing dandruff off his suit was not cool. Was that a power move?
Macron is a Rothschild’s puppet. Please don’t take his advices. Don’t let him go convince you to stay in Syria and on other issues that EU wants you to change your mind on. He is not your friend. He is wolf in sheep’s skin. America first 
Watching @realDonaldTrump and @EmmanuelMacron just now made me cry tears of joy! You can feel the genuine like or love for each other. Almost like father and son!
Thank you both. God Bless America and France
More like husband and wife.
How Emmanuel Macron Became the New Leader of the Free World - POLITICO Magazine
Uhhhh, everything the trump touches breaks, rots, and dies.
дружелюбные французы дружат со всеми
The same 'lies' joke from the WH was made in the 80's calling Saddam Hussein our best friend; WHY? Of course so that  can sell weapons with huge profit. 20 years later Saddam Hussein was our enemy #1.
Macron our friend.... LMAO... 
business partner 's the better word.
Why Ms Donna, I declare you are as big of a lair as Trump.  Why not take the time and check your so called facts before posting?
So very proud of President Trump and his administration.   So ashamed of our congress.
Look what US made bombs did to this baby 
#Yemen is praying for #JudgmentDay
their children are crying for justice


I don’t want my show interrupted. Unless someone is assassinated. I’m more interested in buying a sack of potatoes w/o them being rotten.
We love it!!
So freedom fries are back to the old French fries again!!!! Great work!!!!
President Macron is playing you for a fool. You make it far too easy.
Trump lies!
repeat, repeat itself. Thought process down the swamp.
Love their obvious admiration and respect for each other.
Love the suit and tie, you look awesome.
President Trump... Something needs to be done with the rise in gas prices. If not everything your doing to better this country will go down the drain. The excuses the oil companies come up with for the increases is all BS as usual. Help is needed ASAP

@realDonaldTrump will turn on Macron as soon as they don’t agree on something, anything.
You really think he believes anything out of your mouth.  You say one thing today and something else tomorrow.  He is no fool.  BTW. Love how you pivoted with Stupid Press when ask a question. You have press conference, there will be questions.
They have been the best of the best them and Great Bretain God Bless is all just keep. God in the main deal pray and submitt to him, love you all
You have a "friendship" with yourself " ?
Wanker......
Anyone who seems to warm up to 45 wants something...no different from his wives
@realDonaldTrump is a complete and utter embarrassment to the world.
wow... rambling about Korea.Not even answering the question. Thought process impairment in full display.

Watching joint Press Conference. Trump reads a script (just about) but Macron speaks eloquently without a script. What a contrast.
Awesome! What about having military horse units in our July 4th parade, very limited, well-protected, & have our French friends come?
@realDonaldTrump  #TuesdayTruth
Just listened to Macron & our #SoCalledPresident-#FuckingMoron . . .
Any Constitutional problems with us trading our #DumbfuckInChief for Macron even up, or maybe including a future draft pick ???
Thank you President Trump for being a strong man. You are our countries Hope and Promise!!
#freedomfries
Let's ask your first TWO wives their opinions about that... Actually, ask the THIRD as well!
Skin deep, dude, skin deep
Interesting to notice one president READ an already written speech and the other one speaks without notes. One reads general statements and empty content; the other one, without notes, speaks at length, I mean AT LENGTH about issues at end. Guess who makes sense?
Was that before or after  the inappropriate touching ? Can Trump get anything right?
He got elected and he’s working his ass off everyday.  What have you done to fix the country?
I guess he forgot about freedom fries...
Is there anything in the world more pathetic than a monkey trying desperately to grab hold of his wife's hand? A wife who obviously loathes him? Anything???
Trump just stop retweeting about yourself, we all saw this the1st time
Someone please explain to trump that France is part of Europe !  When trump deals with France, he is dealing with Europe. We are one Union !!
Imagine if Europe said we don't want to deal with USA, only certain states. Would that be acceptable ? Think about it !!
Elect a President of Europe and we’ll meet with them. Until then, we have to deal with each country’s leadership as is.
Be careful Trump....he likes to jump on old folks....look at his wife....or is it his mommy.
Spanky will find a way to ruin our relationship with France...
He is a globalist he can't be trusted so president trump should watch his back.
Wow, you guys have a bro-love that will all get us nuked off the planet. That’s so sweet

To understand the reason for the current Chaos, it is enough to realize that Bergoglio denies Christ and His Truth ... if a Pope arrives at that ... everything becomes clear ...

…
Must be the long handshakes
Trump, you are what the French call Les Incompetence.
@POTUS tell us the cost of our Prez to show off? Sick he spends whatever he wants, cut benefits 4 sick,  elderly & working poor!
Yeah... so is Michael Cohen's relationship... or is it?? #SDNY ATTORNEY"S OFFICE
You look like you're dreaming about the gorgeous day outside. You just want to dump This Frenchy and get on with watching TV, tweeting inane krapp and GOLFING!
Politically, he has the oblivious, ignorant, innocence of a child. How dangerous is That?!
All foreign leaders are in your grasp for America.
The Swamp is our greatest threat !
You do us proud. So grateful to have a strong leader in the White House making tough decisions and it feels great to be respected around the world again!  Thank you for your service
Arrests
So much respect from the world leaders. Great job
Thanks for the update. The fake news is barely covering is reporting that the president of France is here
On what planet? It’s been non stop coverage.
Maroon is a wimp mr president 
Like Clinton’s control of the justice system in America?
Shut the fuck up and quit tweeting you disrespectful piece of shit talking about the president of France  dandruff
Kys
Thank you POTUS

‘James Comey is the poster boy for SANCTIMONIOUS, moral hypocrisy. ... Before you try to take the SPECK out of SOMEBODY ELSE’s eye you oughta remove the BOARD that’s sticking out of YOUR OWN eye. That’s…

#MAGA
#ObamaGate
#ObamaGate
#TRUTH about #DACA and #Immigration. #MAGA #USA
‘DEMOCRATS have TOTALLY ABANDONED #DACA. We get the reputation that DACA is not Republican. It IS REPUBLICAN! We WANT to DO SOMETHING about DACA! It’s very possible that DACA won’t happen &…
#ObamaGate #MAGA #POTUS
MUST WATCH

“McCabe FINALLY got to happen to him what should’ve happened to LOIS LERNER, VALERIE JARRETT,…
#ShutItDown #WitchHunt #USA
The people who run France today are not the same people who assisted the USA in our revolutionary war against the Rothschilds and king George iii of the UK, they who run France today are the Rothschilds and the house of Hanover, when they lost the America’s, they took France.
Trump has no impact on US/France relations.. France has always been & always will be a close ally to the US
badness
God bless both nations
These liberals have  become a bunch of cyber bullies. so many hateful tweets. Its sad really
trump think he is the smartest SOB in the world
.he is not.
Well it sure isn't you now is it
President Macron you can bet is not friends with you, Trump. He just is better than you and can put aside personal feelings to work for the good instead of holding grudges to name call people who disagree with him.
Great!
So very thankful for the great friendship and bond that is lasting between the US & France. We are indebted to the French for their help during the Revolutionary War.  The Marquis of Lafayette & General George Washington developed a close relationship which served America well!!
Like his marriages.
Significant help from The French in our American Revolution France recognized The United States of America in 1778.
He'll pacify you and you'll delude yourself.  Ahhh...ignorance is bliss.
“The friendship between our two nations—and ourselves, I might add—is unbreakable,” President Trump said alongside French President Macron in Paris. With this week’s State Visit, that friendship grows deeper.
