You keep us safe and are very cool about it - I know you WILL get the wall!
I’m with you all the way!!!
Good news
THAT THEY DID!!..THAT YOU DID!!!..... 
Stupid
My friend, who helps protect your incredibly worthless ass, appreciates ALL THE OVERTIME PAY that he makes when you slither into town. He’ll be able to retire young, based on the number of trips you make to SoFla. You are not worth it.
Oh they're cool about it because they are cashing in on overtime pay because of all your vacations to Mara Lago.
Obama had more security than president look it up

And costing America Tax Payers Millions for your golf trips. It’s a shame you endanger the lives of these officers for your own gain. You are a despicable person.

Also a waste of time and money with all the Muller bullshit. Hundreds of FBI clowns going thru privileged hard drives when they could be busting real criminals???
Palm beach county deputies were paid $3M in overtime to pay for trump’s security on his weekly golfing vacations.
Best
Can we stop the trade war between china and us
And are

I still can't belief Aston Kutcher has not jumped on TV and Said that we where PUNKED!!! I can't believe what Russia has been able to do with our country!!! I am still in shock @ the GOP sellout.... I still can't believe you are RUINING our country & sold our Democracy... SICK!!
YOU go Booooy!......Thanks President Trump for ALL you do for our PD’s
Law enforcement are bullies
Bully who you gotta bully!
I'd have no problem beating someone's ass who's a threat to innocent lives or government officials!
Curious as to much how much it cost the tax payers for the picture?
Gonzo, your a clown!
Like you really care
Arlene, go back to your potty chair.....
We knew you were lying when you said you wouldn't be golfing if you made it into the WH. It's costing tax payers MILLIONS when you leave that WH and head to your tacky 70's looking shack and then head out to golf. Biggest "LYING LIAR" of all time! 
Waaaaa waaaaa
I'm not Waaaa waaaaaing. Thankfully I live in , so not one red cent of my tax dollars go to paying for his MANY golf/resort outings. Shameful however that millions of US citizens are being royally ripped off by this "LYING LUNATIC"
BLESSINGS TO YOU PRESIDENT ELECTED IN MAJORITY OF AMERICANS. GO AHEAD. BE STRONG. DON'T FOLLOW FAKE MEDIA NEWS AS MACRON SAID. BLESSINGS
They love you for over time pay
https://business.facebook.com/muabanmaygiattaihanoi/?business_id=1522152934573260 …
They’ve got some nice bikes.
#ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW
#GoFlorida #MAGA
Wohwvd byhcnfuck
Shutup
Nice.....
Very nice to hear about the Law Enforcement Officers, I appreciate your courage sir.
What about the VA? Desert Storm 91 veterans are getting sicker by the day. Chronic pain, kidney disease, Parkinson’s, cysts, skin lesions, neuropathy, IBS & Still our claims r being denied and good people are becoming homeless due to the government’s recklessness
That,s a great bunch of fine looking officers. May God and Country Protect them every minute of their lives.
If you have a open sexual assault case in FL should they have honored you? It wouldn’t be legal.
Cops rape ki
I'm sick of paying all these tax dollars so you can go to FL and make all these people protect you. If you want to spend your weekends this way it should all be your expense, $ man. My company doesn't pay for what I do on weekend free time. You should pick up cost, deadbeat.
Awesome support. Thank you Mr. President.  Would you consider erasing student loans for Police Officers disabled in the line of duty?  Please give it some thought. Thank you.
INCREDIBLE State Dinner! IN-CRED-IBLE! Proud! Historical! please share :)

It takes this many people to protect Trump so he can play golf every weekend at his golf club?  I am sure the taxpayers of Palm Beach County are not too happy to foot the bill.
They want you gone.  You have destroyed the economy.
'Incredible'? Really?  You clearly don't know what the word means...
Two thumbs up Bozo!
I like the frankness and the honest talk of the president Trump toward african countries. Thank you very much.
Thank you President Trump.

د
Washington Post can you explore how this president was vetted for his job?i thought serious vetting was involved of potential candidates for the most difficult job in the world. So who vetted this known prolific liar with so many Russian ties? Please look into this.
.
At what cost to taxpayers
To The President:My name is TJ and I write to ask you to reevaluate the situation of rehoming and euthanasia of animals in the United States. I am in the UK and we work to keep animals from being put to sleep. Can you not lead a forum in USA to do same? ThankYou
Nice
Law Enforcement needs support from The President of the United States. They don’t need a President who attacks them like Obama did. Cambridge, Ferguson, were pathetic examples of what a President should not do to Law Enforcement.
I wish mu country had one like you#MAGA
Great pic.  
You know who has two thumbs and isn't cool whatsoever?
......................................................................................................................
The loser in the middle of the photo.
The Don.  Legendary lol!

Is using the word ‘cool’ your effort to try to be like Obama? You say it while that REAL president IS it!
All wishing they had real bullets in their guns

Good , but I think you don't have to post photos of security guys like this for security purposes. That will be good for them to remain hidden their identity.
45 you and your fixer are going down for obstruction of justice article 25 is in your future
So. Many.
It's exhausting to keep up, but somebody has to do it.
Mr. Picture old man. A joke!
Dear President Trump,  First of all I want to say I love you and your family and I keep you in my prayers.  Having said that I have to ask you if someone has muzzled you?  Pertaining to Hillary Clinton why is she bullet proof and Teflon coated? I'm trusting you to do the right?
Love that smilie @realDonaldTrump 
how much does ths US govt owe them 4 ur golf trips' security? waste...sad
#BacktheBlue yes we do . Thank you for your service Respect 

Yeah, what did that cost us?
So you make all the police come and take a picture with you and you want folks to think they WANTED to be there?
Using people's time and tax payers money to go on vacation to Florida every weekend
Waste of good money.
Could you imagine Hillary Clinton doing this? No way.
bUt HeS rACiSt!
How much has your security for your weekends in Florida cost taxpayers? Oh, right it's not EVERY  weekend, it just feels like it.  BAD!
You have said nothing about a true hero James Shaw Jr.!

SALUTE!

Thank you all for your service.

Way! Cool! Pic!
God Bless all police officers in USA
How about mentioning James Shaw Jr. who saved many lives in Nashville.  You run your mouth on Twitter about almost everything else, but you have remained silent on this.
Thanks for supporting the Law Enforcement ,
Save! Ho @realDonaldTrump , save! Save America from communism and Brazil from channelhocracy and corruptions.
You should be thanking the tax payers for wasting over 150 million of their taxpayer money on your frequent vacations.
Always enjoy the opportunity to photograph Air Force One.  Thanks!  Come back soon...
@lawenfcmtheroes @DDYPcomedy is new, but we salute law enforcement and the work they do! True hereos day in and day out.

Heck Hobe sound , Stuart,port Salina ,st Lucie Jenson Beach great place , now it's built up and not as great, I remember Jupiter only had lighthouse and restraint I guess money talks, still nice I'm sure law enforcement is OK there money talks that won't change wish I had some lo
I think that’s the most black guys that Trump’s ever been in a photo with!!
Your visits there only serve to increase the cost of the office in Palm Beach County. Without you they could do a better job of protecting real citizens!
Looking for your mentions of Mr Shaw....
Probably because you are paying them a crap ton of money going down there almost every other day. Probably should just move the white house down there. Yes the pres is entitled to SOME r&r but at least Truman only went as far as to install a bowling.
A lot of police for one speeding ticket
uh huh
grow up lose the thumbs up
Darn, I thought this was a picture of you getting arrested finally :(.
If you need SEO backlink 
Click here

Love this photo! This represents the law and how we keep our country safe. A POTUS and his soldiers in the fight to keep anarchy at bay in our nation!
Bet half hated that pic with you and that stupid grin of yours. Such a flake you are..loving this "God Complex you have will end soon I hope
Lived in palm bch off and on sinse70s  great place to live love Jupiter Juno palm bch  hell it is great in Lauderdale make America great
sad if true
i will create 6 #stunning #animated #logo #intro #video for $5 on #Fiverr

Their purpose is to support your many golf outings!
How about a thank you to James Shaw Jr?
Hope crisis training today includes mental health as didn't appear to back in 1996. First responders have tough job & all deserve raises. In my opinion, front line workers should be paid more than those sitting in office. Thank you to all for your service. Shalom!
Tell American taxpayers how much you are fleecing them of their hard earned cash every time you travel.
You waste taxpayer $$ for your personal protection at your nearly weekly personal vacations.  Why are we paying for protection of your son do do your personal business around the world?  Corruption abounds in your family!

Thank you for keeping our country safe. 
总统您好。
よかったね
hi
not your kind of law enforcement @realDonaldTrump but he selflessly saved lived without a gun..
Yes! Agree! I was traveling near palm beach executive airport  Wednesday evening, when you and your entourage were approaching, and was impressed with the whole operation.  No delays. Big improvement over last fall when traffic was stopped ..(for over an hour!) Thanks PBPD!!
THEY HATE YOU! 
#AmericaHatesTrump
Forced photo ops don't mean people like or respect you...
Let's be real. Those cops as well as the residents of PBC can't stand you!
Congratulations Law Enforcement! I Stand And Support The Blue!
You plan on thanking the young black man who stepped up at the Waffle House and disarmed another crazy with a gun trying kill innocent people?

Oh wait, he's a young black man.  Never mind.

#RacistInChief
Did you order them to kneel for your photo op? Pathetic.

Trump called Kim Jong Un "very honorable" today, still no word on his views of the Waffle House hero James Shaw.
They probably know you really well as much time you spend down there costing the taxpayers money money money we Americans built you a house in D.C. to live in while you’re running(in the ground) our country


@covington119
@ChicagosFines19
@BackThePolice
DOSSIER proving more true every day. #PeePeeTapes #2013
Hope there wasn't any 911 calls unanswered
Is this the crew that keeps you safe at the ''Southern Whithouse'' and how much is it costing the taxpayers.
But nothing to the civilian hero who grabbed your fave AR-15 with his bare hands and stopped many more deaths. Good job.
Hey, not sure if you @realdonaldtrump have heard this yet, since u been busy golfing, scarfing,tweeting, molesting, etc. 
The US has another 'hero by name of James Shaw Jr. He took on, unarmed, a A-15 weilding trump fan who killed 4 pplCould have been more.
Haven't heard yet...?
Good job
@whitehouse @realdonaldtrump: I urge you to rein in the ATF's regulations on bump stocks. I agree with @GunOwners that these regulations will criminalize millions of law-abiding gun owners!
They are doing their job, why isn't the guy in the suit doing his?
