This lady right here, is one of the most compassionate, kind and loving women America has ever had the pleasure of knowing as @FLOTUS. 

Thank you @MELANIATRUMP for loving our country and standing by @POTUS in MAGA! We love & appreciate you. 
She Is Without A Doubt The Most Polished, Eloquent ,Gracious #FirstLady We Have Ever Had.  

Melania Works Tirelessly Beside Our @POTUS Day In & Day Out




Simply Irresistible
Thank you for noticing the sacrifices made by families. We are the forgotten invisible glue that holds it all together.
Here is my dad in Korea. Now 83, with chronic UTI peeing blood in agony denied any pain relief because the DEA haressing our docs using CDC PROP lies. He suffering so much today he told a random person he wants to kill himself. This is how our county treats our vets and elderly.
Amen Sister! I am chronic pain patient as well. Had 3 brain surgeries trying not to take opioids for rare Trigeminal Neuralgia disability. Surgeon messed up, ended up w/Merca in Brain cavity. Strong antibiotics via groshen catheter neart. Now need so many opioids which were taken
The neart was supposed to be near heart. Don’t know what happened there.
Thank you. And, Happy Birthday.  America loves our First Lady.
Style
Ful
A
The First Lady Melania Trump is a very classy intelligent woman, also gracious ! She too is one of the best First Lady our country has had!!!!
Thanks...

...DOJ and FBI have been HIDING from Members Of Congress. We’re not only going to DEMAND ANSWERS we’re doing to DEMAND ACTION!…
#MAGA
Thank you @POTUS and @FLOTUS
That includes About 3/4 of Americans
Love you, Melanie and so proud to have you as our gracious and beautiful FLOTUS! Thank you for your sweet thought for our military and their families. Bless them all, you and your family, and our great President! #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp 
Melania, tell Donald to stay away from Muller he wants to ask question of each thst have 40 starting points leading to self incriminating answer's that Muller already knows the answers, so he can keep his investagation going!
Escape.
And the most beautiful I might add
we love you Malian, God bless. best first lady ever
holy moly.
Hi
Thank You, First Lady , as a Veteran , I have seen too many times , our Military Family's sacrifice go unnoticed . These Devoted American Children, never enlisted in our Military . But they travel and endure hardship to support their Parents and Nation. Sacrificing their Dreams !
Nice think !
You're so phoney
My step dad was a nurse and military like myself also river police sadly died of cancer hourable send off! May he r.i.p.
My step dad reg yeomans was military and river police he had an hounerable send off may he r.i.p.
Hi melania how can i become a US citizen


It’s a fucking crime against humanity that this woman isn’t the President of the United States right now instead of the unfit garbage human we’re stuck with, & if you’re not willing to fix it by raising hell & voting in every election from now till you die, you’re doing it wrong. https://twitter.com/hillaryclinton/status/987786450535055361 …
Please, Leave him! Apologize to our Real POTUS, Obama, for even thinking, he is not,one of us. Then,we will LOVE YOU!!!! Please!!!! I am begging you...
Grow up.   Obama served his time.  Now its Pres Trump's turn.  You don't like it find someone to run against him in 2020
Our Veterans, fight hard,for everyone, to have Equal Rights, Justice, for our National Security. I know,your in trouble. I know this,because you are technically married to trump. For yourself, For your son...Please SHOW us,that you,at Least..have self-respect!
Amen,First Lady,Amen...The Families,of Our Military,especailly when deployed,have the responsibility of taking care of ALL FAMILY MATTERS,and that's a tough assignment,indeed! ...
Actions speak louder than false words
love you sweetheart. Stand by your husband, the greatest man on earth today, fighting to SAVE THE CHILDREN OF GOD.Even the Satanist
what was donald's sacrifice? another few cheeseburgers?

#FreeSchaefferCox
What about Bullying Campaign? Trump is a Cheater and a Bully.
Did you hear about all the children who died when missiles were shot
One is too many! Do you know how many babies are aborted EVERYDAY? By liberals! In America! Selfish irresponsible libs who for a few minutes of passion, won't protect themselves and kill a baby. Not a fetus, a baby with a heartbeat. 

Over a thousand a day
You are a classy person, I’m proud of you as a woman and family person.  If you need volunteers I’m in;  was Guardian ad Liden and case mgr for abused and neglected children & drug addicted parents, B.A. Psychology-Human Development studies.

I need help my adopted sister is robbing me under Federal privacy acts she was California Community College Chancellor and my transcript at Cerritos Community College says I'm active in the program since 12/21/1952 and my DOB   robbing me of my education help  5624741852
You have no idea.
We never had so many people constantly degrading A President. Don’t these people have anything to do!  They should try to find ways to help the poor.  The poor people need someone who can get them A job. Find ways for them to get transportation. Also, give free dental care .
I was one of those that came flying out of the wood work when needed thanks u both for everything that u accomplished.
https://twitter.com/VicBergerIV/status/987293121322078208 …

6/ Given that the allegation in the Steele dossier *isn't* that Trump engaged in any sexual conduct with the women, merely that he watched them urinate on a bed Obama had slept in, Trump's reaction is actually entirely consistent with what the evidence says happened in that room.

And trump was a five deferment draft dodger. Cowardly choice.
Orgullosa de nuestra primera dama, lo único que sienten es envidia por su personalidad y belleza, estamos orgullosa de usted Y toda su familia
Thank you, Our First Lady Melanie! I have SIX military amazing grandchildren!
And please thank them for their service!  from one veteran to your six 
Thank you!
Just one? Which sacrifice are you thanking me for? Which ONE? Jesus!
