The USA and French presidents asserting their republican values together and their commitment to peace would be more convincing if both countries de-escalated from being the world's 2 biggest arms export traders.
Mueller started May 2017. 

Not even 12 months ago.

19 Individuals Indicted 
3 Entities Indicted 
5 Guilty Pleas 

Plus Cohen is in deep .
Amis pour toujours!
And in world war one in the battle of the marne
I’m not tired of winning yet Mr. President
!
Oh, I'm betting you can f**k it up!
HELLO MEN DONT KILL ME BYE
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=617711788578215&id=100010181988096&refid=17&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=top_level_post_id.617711788578215%3Atl_objid.617711788578215%3Athrowback_story_fbid.617711788578215%3Athid.100010181988096%3A306061129499414%3A2%3A0%3A1525157999%3A8054351497929588536&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
Hahahaha.. Merd.merd...merd
I'm so Glad France President is on the same level with the rest of us American People.  He deserves the "NOBEL PRIZE"..
Without the French Marquis de Lafayette we’d be speaking English += 
الم بالرصاص لتحطيم الصنم  ، ولا تحسبن الله غافل عما يعمل الظالمون #ok
You're the oppressor
My family help made the United States in the Constitution an other things! An help many things in the French an British!both sides of of family goes back before the independence of this country of the United States!an has defend all ways!
Yes the French help in the independent!An Sweden an few others help in Finance for the independent war of our nation! Even my family is in the books of Thomas Jefferson an George Wythe! An in the French books too! An other countries books of secrets!
BEST PRESIDENT EVER!! THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP FOR YOUR TIRLESS WORK AND COMMITMENT TO THIS COUNTRY AND HER PPL.  !!!
France gave America the statue of liberty
Tell Trump to get back from planet B and start acting like a president!  Listen to Macron!
Yes, & France gave us the statue of Liberty!
Great to see Macron's love for his wife. Very inspiring
Notwithstanding the fact that she is old enough to be his grandmother.
Ahh get it now. You mentioned to say France would pay for the wall
They proposed already!
And will be like this for years and centuries to come God bless &
Who knew?
thanks for the history lesson...but every fifth grader already knows this
Because they wanted to stick it to the British, not because they liked the Americans
France gave America the statue of liberty.

6/6  A current example for nazism in the german state: https://twitter.com/nsuwatch_bw/status/826158048746098694 …
5/6 I think an effective and stabil way to prevent national socialism  (and fascism) and to secure democratic law and order in germany (and europe) is to give the germans their kaiser back.
4/6 In Germany there are also a lot of terrorist of pkk, feto, dhkp-c, al-qaida, isis.  As You know some  terrorist of 9/11 came also from germany.
3/6 ...(hypothesis: nazies in “polizei”, “staatsanwaltschaft”,“landgericht”, bought nazi judges, bought nazi lawyers...). I guess you will see a high concentration of (latent) nazies with an effective network.
2/6 ... the “npd” had no success, so they decide for this way), "burschenschaften“, „nazi-juristen“ and so on. Following from this constellation the “nsu” seems to be only the tip of the iceberg. Please, check it. As quick check You can analyze for example krefeld/germany ...
1/6 Hello, Mister President. I think Germany needs a second denazification. Here some important keywords: „nsu“, "verfassungsschutz“, "polizei“, “reinhard gehlen”, “bnd”, „npd“, „pegidia“, „afd“ (latent nazi party, prestage in the way to introduce again national socialism, ...
Did we instantly declare neutrality afor our independence taking neither the side of the monarchy or the new French republic letting the country fall into chaos Ultimately ending up with an emperor? I mean still a safe call on our part but we didn't really live up to our alliance
You need to look into how many ethnic groups also fought for independence.
you know, nobody knew that
Watch your back, macron is one of them... remember what Ronaldus Magnus said, "trust, but verify".
I'm shocked, that Trump says he actually likes someone!
Is @realDonaldTrump cheating on @FLOTUS AGAIN???


Glad to see our President building sting relationship with our Allies world wide.
No With I m As Man For Mr Rabin Das Visit Mr President Donald Trump
The French and the American colonists supported slavery and the elimination of Native Americans. Isn’t America “GREAT?”
oh they will help us throw trump,s ass out   they cannot stand trump
All we need is love.
So @realDonaldTrump helped #macron to clean dandruff’s off his clothing in front of camera? 
We , infact, would not have won the war against Great Britain without the French.
Amen!
.@WhiteHouse What about Native Americans. Remember what happened there? They wanted from, too. Freedom from slaughter, rape, disease, the rez. Still want that. 

Y'all want to free other countries, what about our own?
#PermanentVacation

very good
When did your boss learn that? Last week? Thought he only liked the French for their big phallic weapons displays.
@POTUS اقای ترامپ از شاهزاده ایرانی  حمایت کن تا نام شما  برای ما ایرانی ها مثل کوروش برای قوم یهود باشه  #رضاشاه
What are these pictures? Can't you write?
Interesting comment to make because we are gearing up to fight the globalist cabal, whether this administration stands up against them or not.  Will France support us or be against us?
And since Macron is making France a commie country over run by muslims too my bet is he's against us and for the globalist agenda, just as Trump is with the bombing of Syria over false flag chemical attack.
Since Trump became “president” some of us wish France still owned the areas sold in the Louisiana Purchase. The pain of being the citizen of a Country lead by a moron is especially painful for native New Orleanians as next month marks 300 years since we were founded by France.
Hope it’s a better relationship than you had with Stormy!  #pornstarpayment
We owed France a debt of gratitude for our independence and we returned the favor twice. The civilized countries of the world need to work together to overcome dictators and bad actors around the world.
That they may have taught the m\p's at that time how to conymtrol the brainwaves. Helll who knows what people can really do if teaching is attempted.
And i know this is going to sound impossible, but ive always felt my dad had a certin level of control over peoples thinking, its llike his being here blocks my brain activity Sir/. And think well it could be possible he was a m\p during nam and was station inn germany-
For some reason the moment my dad leaves i feel a certin increase in brain activity and am on the internet covering some of the topics some sites are covering here on twitter.
What about "Freedom Fries"?
It was obvious the leaders of France are completely supportive of President Trump and his Administration!
The aid was not without strings or self serving motives.
45 is unhinged
Thank you for bestowing that wisdom on us O Great and Respectable House
Perfect
And shortly after that French government was overthrown by the French Revolution!
Yes but they refused to give us troops because we were still using slaves. And the French had their own agenda to take Florida and some of the southern colonies so let's not pretend like we were super good friends a couple hundred years ago.
EMBRASSMENT
Not exactly. We declared Independence & convinced France to support us - at that point, we were a nation!
There would be no America if not for the generosity of France
Short memory. I recall a time when one couldn't order "French fries".
Bull shit that was something that was trying to be pushed through and never happened
France gave us our most precious symbol of liberty, The Statue of Liberty.
@StateDept A true lesson in hand holding.


I love how you report this out like we didn’t already know this. Just because YOU don’t know something ...
Then sign the Paris accord, dummy.
Thanks for the history lesson
HA

Aided and funded by ‘aliens’.....the irony 
We have a relationship until Trump messes it up!
I love watching these 2 men get along so well  so proud of my #POTUS &@FLOTUS I live in the greatest country at the best time in History #Trump making a difference for the good of all! #MAGA
Looky there our president got a history lesson from the president of France
wordpress error fix,wordpress bug fix ,wordpress problem fix
Except for that time during the French Revolution, WWI, and WWII.... France has helped us but we’re awfully hesitant to help them
And during WWI, American GI returned favor; "Lafayette, We Are Here!"
No no no America was colonized first I'm not even married to royalty and hence the name the first home in the chambers of commerce the first home I ever made. Sincerely god speaking through Carrie Kelly. Hence you are descendents its defined in law and the name of citizen alone
Too bad we have Cheetolini @realDonaldTrump destroying our relationship with France and the EU.


Holy shit. That editorial bit st the top was actually true. What happened?
It's weak politic president Macron every once to do to keep ringing on telephone for the Kremlin for subsequent operations or I with your permission is do ? And thereafter it most is doubtful he'll come for USA is a good boy . Today it doubtful must is too
Your sentences don't make any sense.  Do you know English?
We and the Russians saved their ads in world war 2 and yet they ducked us over in.vietnam,and Afghanistan and Syria
Haha ask him again he won’t remember what he said the scum
And then when the French needed us Washington was like nawww
How embarrassing...The President of France suggests new trade between him and Trump and Trump says "great" and pushes Melania into his lap and walks off with Brigitte Macron-sad
Kissed by Emman, what will Pence say? 
Baby please.... tomorrow he will be dissing them.
LMAO, Donnie is a liar. Where are your tax returns???

And soon after we won our independence, the French citizens chopped off the heads of their leaders that supported the colonists.
Just a matter of history, not a pointed remark.

Well you can’t be a draft dodger when you’re in eligible with a medical condition.  And john McCain is no hero he was a traitor that had to be pardoned by Nixon for war crimes . These are facts and yes I’m a navy vet
"France is no longer France." - @realDonaldTrump ,July 2016

France has been a good and faithful ally, but Trump has all the ingredients to ruin that. He is a liar, a womanizer, a xenophobe, a racist, and a petulant man-boy. We’ll see who can reign him in.
How many schools were tuned into  today's Macrons welcome to WH so students would be privy to this great reminder of our history with the French. PROBABLY 0
This didn't age well...

"We shouldn't have dinners at all," he said. "We should be eating a hamburger on a conference table." - Donald Trump
Are you going to treat him to Le Mac Grand?
Ugh
True Relationship lasts forever. It is sealed with Truth.
Few people know…

(Everybody knows.)
英語は読めん。
きっと枝豆が好きって書いてある。
Thanks for the 3rd grade history lesson. Was that trumps briefing yesterday?
....yes, and the U.S. pulled France out of two world wars because the French wouldn’t fight for their own country.  How many thousands of American lives were lost to protect France?
Donald probably considers the "unbreakable" thing a challenge.
AS IF trump knew any of that! He just wants a leader, any leader, to come visit him so he can “look presidential “ 
Bigly !
And Donald Trump is still living in the fantasy world
And now we have an orange baboon that flings his shit towards them. Nice!
Must be true
Whaddya bet @realDonaldTrump learned this today and said "a lot of people don't know this, but..."
If he had the ability to pay attention for just 3 minutes, he could have learned this from Schoolhouse Rock in the 70s.
Own Revolution was also inspired by many of French philosophical thinkers! Rousseau's (considered French) Social Contract was of great help!
Then why are they voting against us hosting a World Cup in favor of Morocco?
And we fought them as colonists
This is actually good and i do NOT see any of our "fair" MSM or their representatives having a word for it. Hey @maggieNYT @nytimes and @CNN, where is your sense of patriotism people?
It will go on long after this debacle of an administration.
We in America have a Grt country
No shit Sherlock.  Some of us paid attention is history class growing up.  Maybe you should tutor  Donald "What do those 13 stripes represent" Trump instead.
Boy, have we ever stop paying for that one!
If anyone can and WILL break the America/France relationship and other key countries is Trump and his crude, rude, inappropriate persona. Nastiest President in history!!!
I don't think any relationships @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #trump has ate "unbreakable." It's not in his nature, so why pretend it is? #MacronTrump #Macron #France

Trump just stop retweeting
must have just gotten your history update for that nugget. you originally thought the American Revolution started when you got elected.
Then don’t f-ck it up.
Great.  So we can withstand them dealing with our clown @POTUS !
America’s relationship with Franch predates our founding as a country. From the days of Benjamin & General Marquis de lafayette to the modern day with President Trump & Macron,U.S. & France leaders have long shared common values on a range of economic & Security-related issues.
https://www.gofundme.com/defend-trump-attorney-mike-cohen …     Ask Macron to help him Donnyboy.
Yeah, France is our friend. But what’s with all the fawning? Does trump plan a new hotel in Paris? Feels a little creepy.
That is good.
Not for or sake, but to upset the Brits.  France used us as a pawn.
President TRUMP is awesome he know how to make deals and 
friends.
Duh
Right up until France fights us on Iran deal. Then @realDonaldTrump will come up with some name to call Macron.
How about little macaroni ? 
America’s relationship with France predates our founding as a country.
Of course. @EmmanuelMacron knows this bozo will soon be ousted..  one man’s lunacy will not sway a nation.
Trump is SWAYED way TOO EASILY by globalist leaders & WH hawks. After Macron visit he's WAFFLING on Iran deal; Paris climate; & getting OUT of Syria! STICK TO YOUR OWN CONVICTIONS Trump! When it comes to FOREIGN POLICY,Trump's natural "instincts" are USUALLY RIGHT! THEIRS IS NOT!

WHAT THIS MATTERS TO TRUMP IS NOTHING, IF THE PRESIDENT FROM FRANCE DOESN'T GO ALONG WITH TRUMPS GAMES HE WANT LIKE HIM ANY LONGER, THIS OLD MAN HAS THE WRONG FRAME OF MIND FOR ANY THING.
Bless you, Lafayette.
What happened to the days of Freedom Fries?
And they gifted us with the stature of liberty. He probably came to US to take it back...it no longer represents our country
the UN Security Council show, the economic indicators will have a synergistic effect. However, due to the decline in credibility after the abolition of trade sanctions and the sudden outbreak of economic sanctions between August and September 2018, Will fall by more than 20%.
it also predates their founding as a country.
Was this for us or Trump to read?
Wow, who would have known.
wasting time in denuclearizing North Korea and stopping the use of military weapons experiments, which is an important point of cooperation. 3. If the positive effects of international denuclearization groups and the UN Security Council show, the economic indicators will
Just give trump and he’ll do anything
The impact of the inter-Korean summit on the US real economy 1. Promotion of denuclearization through sanctions and non-inspection of the United Nations and the IAEA - Continued nuclear testing and illegal trade 2. G7 & G20 It can be seen as a recklessness that seems to be
FAKE NEWS #ResignTrump
And the Statue of Liberty was their amazing gift to our new country.
HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA

DO NOT follow what #Bergoglio teaches you, in fact @Pontifex denies Christ and His Truth! To know how he does that, read the article posted below:

…
