1. My accountant said nothing has gone into effect yet. 
2. I haven't seen an extra penny of a pay increase. 
3. My wife and I owed both state and federal and we have 2 kids. 
4. You're an idiotic putz and a sorry excuse of a human being, let alone a president.
Yeah whatever is supposed to happen won’t affect anyone til they file 2018 taxes. Accountants don’t even know what is going to be affected. He’s such a moron!
What's most infuriating is that a sizable portion of our population thinks the opposite and nothing will ever sway them. He really could shoot someone in the middle of 5th Ave on camera and claim he didn't know the gun was loaded and have people rushing to his defense.


You will want to keep this in mind as you hear the @HouseGOP spin the #GOPTaxScam today. #TaxDay http://bit.ly/2HaiqZ9 
How did so many people NOT realize he always taken other people’s money - in this case, us taxpayers’ $$ - & claimed it as his own? Elected/appointed Repubs saw it, said “This is good” & jumped in w/both hands. I am furious at ignorant voters. They don’t understand “deficit”
And they keep saying Donnie is doing this for 'free', not excepting a salary. Fools!
I agree totally, but the trump cult refuses to see the truth..
I have friends of various ages whose parents are glued to F network. Friends keep delivering truth to parents to no avail. Depressing and infuriating.
Stay strong! I’m learning how to make a bat wrapped in wire if you need one
Says the rich corrupt guy as i write a YUGE check to the IRS!
Truth
My middle class tax bill is going up. Need to stop eating at restaurants.
Of course you see happy people talking tax cuts. You're at Mar a Lago. Ask your cooks and waiters and groundskeepers how THEY'RE doing.
Best President ever 
I trust Trump more than any other President in the past 30 years
It’s a good feeling!
Every day is a good day with President Trump
.  Whatever.  These must be parody accounts.
By people you are clearly referring to individuals who make over millions and billions per year. Got it.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2017/11/08/gop-bill-would-hike-taxes-on-31-percent-of-middle-class-americans-by-2027-study-finds/ …
Everyone's talking about the benefits they received from the tax cut, huh? Anyone receive any benefits? Please, share here:
These people sure aren't benefiting much... Just read the comments...
Honest question: is anyone actually seeing bigger paychecks? A noticeable difference in take-home pay? https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/986077070005559296 …
Presidunce Trumpinski really believes his own lies...
The world is laughing because of the orangutan in the White House.
Literally EVERYONE

They are talking alright but not about taxes.  We are talking about impeachment.  How’s your buddy Sean doing today?  Seems he has the same scumbag lawyer you have.  Good luck loser.
Thank you for all your hard work Mr. President, the American people are very grateful!
I haven't seen jack shit, SHITHOLE. In fact, since your tax scam, I'm seeing less money in my paycheck than I was before. And that's after a raise.

Who?
The president is misleading in that very few people have seen benefits from the tax bill.  Mostly the extremely wealthy and some who got one time bonuses.  In ten years, most people will be paying more in taxes compared to the old system.
Excuse me while I fall  down laughing!
Thank you Mr. President! #TaxCuts #MAGA #KeepAmericaGreat #Qanon #GreatAwakening #KeepingThemHonest
Ridiculously inaccurate meme. Who got a thousand $ bonus? You?  Not likely.
American Airlines, Walmart, Disney, Starbucks, Home Depot, Comcast, Apple, FedEx, Discover, Bank of America, AT&T, Alaska Airlines, Southwest Airlines...just to name a few. Over 170 major companies.
@pRyan was feeling so keen about it he decided he needed to spend more time with his family.

#RatsSinkingShip as #GOP-quitters are to #TrumpTrainWreck 

#COPOLITICS
Liar. I haven't head one person say they have benefited from your #TaxScam
Lies
Yeah I hear old Donny is talking very excitedly to his rich buddies at Mar-a-lago
Tax Cuts are all fine & well but the safety of our children against illegal criminals 
far exceeds any amount of money. Get the dam wall built & protect Americans as promised! No more fence repairs. Use Israel's wall as a model!

Make America GREAT AGAIN.

PepsiCo announced a fresh $15 billion in planned buybacks. Chip gear maker Applied Materials disclosed plans for a $6 billion program to buy shares. Late last month, home improvement retailer Lowe’s unveiled plans for $5 billion in purchases. No money to workers!

I’m seeing the benefits. Thank you!
I don't know anyone not rich who a tax cut. And where are all these jobs you keep talking about. The only ones I see are the same day part time fast food jobs and in case you are unaware, that's not a living wage.
Stop lying ppl are not seeing the benefits from the tax scam and wow how it ran up the defecit
So many people on your alternative universe, #CARAJO
I heard Prague is nice this time of year, Ha Ha.
See you in SDNY
Oh they are talking alright....NOT in a good way!  Your friends come out smelling like a rose and the lower/middle class get squat.  I still can't imagine how that crazy bill got passed....Canadian looking in...
Just to let you know my taxes went up.
Ofcourse he is right. Everybody in his circle did and they're the only ones that count
So all your buddies are happy with it!?
What happened to the deficit? Oh, I get it, the super rich got their tax, so who cares about the debt. Shame on you.
Who believes his toilet phone requires confiscation?
Everyone is talking, but it's not about the tax bill.
Flynn, Papadop, Gates, Van der Zwann:Flipped.  Manafort: indicted. 13 RU +3 entities indicted. Pinedo plea, fake IDs RU.  Kush backchannel RU. Jr tower mtg. RU. Mayflower mtg.  Seychelles. Broidy. Wynn. M Cohen. Prague.  trump’s a traitor &  laundering mobster.  Mueller knows.
Hey cheeseburger Don, what is the sales tax on high dollar prostitutes anyway? Is she a write off? That's right, only if you claim her.
Really? Ur Twitter pic is of Jesus’s cross. U talk ur smack but fail to follow the teachings of the Lord? U should be ashamed of yourself. Choose a pic that reflects your hatred.

How many woman have you inseminated with your foul seed?
In Closed-Door UN Meetings, Trump Administration Officials Pushed Abstinence For International Women’s Health Programs https://www.buzzfeed.com/emaoconnor/un-meeting-trump-administration-abstinence?utm_term=.sweO8O66n …
You need a bath.
https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/941668892426096641 … #TrumpSexProbe
VIDEO!

"If @IvankaTrump weren’t my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her."…
"So many people" - There's always so many people, many people, lots of people. Where are all these damn people?!  Manifestations in your crazy orange head, man...
You made me laugh out loud. But hes the first to say..the media and all these people who say things. Who are these people blah blah blah. Omg hes on CNN right now and just ran thru all the reasons this invest should be on Clinton. Hes the biggest loser ever.
Hahaha glad I made you laugh  He's just such a dumbass, I can't stand it. My feeling is that he's sinking and he knows it, so he's grasping at whatever he can. Like, give it up dude. Can't wait for Prison Day 
Hes not slipping fast enough! I wish a big sink hole would just swallow him up. Then they need to fill it in and hurry up and pave!!!
omfg I'm in tears  Now I'm the one who LOL'd  Oh man. Couldn't agree more!
Glad to repay the favor! I have to laugh sometimes bc usually im yelling profanities at the tv!
Ahahhah saaaame! I'm legit howling, my neighbors prob think I've finally lost it. Gets funnier the more I think about it. HURRY UP AND PAVE 
I said it but the more you tweet it in caps the more im laughing!
You are not a US citizen.  Prove it!  We want to see your Girth Certificate!! @Elikool2 therealDonaldTrump #unamerican
Yes ty mr president

How much is your tax cut?   We want to see your tax returns, you #taxcheat
 moje prawo jazdy nigdy go nie zobaczę !!!
Oh sure they are 24,000 jobs list just yesterday.  How's that winning going? Best jobs President my  right foit.

Great

And I did mine on a postcard
Everyone is hating this budget-busting bill that only benefits your rich buddies.
Get a job!
What makes you lie?  Do you really believe what you say or are you just an impulsive liar as Comey says? I believe the latter
Go back to your shithole place and live better
I wonder if this is going to be the biggest tax break in history?
BS! Tax break for the rich on the backs of the people
So which cult is the worst, Clinton who thought he was JFK, Could of had Bid Laden gone, done away with, Obama who created more hate than any other President. He gave Iran all that cash, no accountability for it. States Muslims is the only faith. Then they rise up and take over.
Really? Who is talking? I personally have not seen any benefits from your tax plan....are you heading voices now..chatter in your head praising you? You might want to see a Doctor for that
Besides everything this child does is "great, the best" and the toddler's plan for the future is always "we'll see what happens", we know that "everyone" is talking about it. Tell the truth, I haven't heard one single person talk about the tax giveaway to the rich. Not one.
Remove your ear plugs
Is it nice?  Is it?  Because I'm getting $0.25 more withheld each week, and I'm concerned I'm not withholding enough.  But I'm glad you think this was worth putting us $1.5T further in debt.  Cc: @RepErikPaulsen
THANK YOU so much for the wonderful tax cut!
You mean ppl like these?
Hey idiot, you’re a year early. Try posting that on #TaxDay 2019.

WSJ with left leaning globalist socialist writers who hate that this Admin is busting human sex traffickers, cleaning out the swamp of deep state political & judicial corruptions. You will see when more of the sealed indictments are revealed which explains executive resignations.
Cuts being used to finance stock buybacks….try READING actual research
this, from the desk of the "everybody's talking" president.  this, from the desk of the "I've heard" president.    America is being "lead" by a moron
More fake news from a #FakePresident . Even conservative economists say most workers don't benefit from the debt-inducing #GOPTaxScam 
#DotardDonnie
Why are you people believing this crap?!?!?
"Everyone." "Many people." These people all live in your head. The voices are talking to you. Take your meds.
You took yours?
More than 80% tax is paid by upper 20%. How much tax are you guys paying? In 2018 tax return, everyone gets doubled standard deduction even if the gross salary is the same as last year.  The only people who doesn't get benefit from the tax cut is the people who never paid tax.
Bla bla bla
Everyone is talking that's because you hang with the super rich. Us normal folks don't have time. with cuts to after school programs and others our expenses are higher.
You need to check in with the 1500 workers in Ohio that @GM is about to lay off....
who is Tax Cut Bill?

Yes, THANK YOU, keep up the great work, the TRUE Americans stand with YOU.
I don't mind paying extra taxes; what I minded was no COLA for 8 yrs under Abysmal!
yeah..talking about your taxes and how Mueller has them all. Only peeps happy are the 1% , and they probs have membership to Mar a Lardass..so KA-CHING for you, eh?
That is why so many companies are closing their doors?
Ok sir thanks
Pssst...the voices in your head aren't everyone.
Show yours first. It's not required. Some people don't care about privacy until it's their own.
Let’s see your tax returns crook hurry and resign
Most workers pay checks have gone up so little that its is hard to notice - just enough to pay for their pets food. In contrast, corporations are reaping billions of dollars. The deficit is increasing putting future generations with the burden of your financial irresponsiblilty.
Yes Nancy Pelosi.
Who? Where? When?
Me too. I want $100% Medical Tax Rebate
It's a huge scam. My wife and I have had our withholdings decreased but according to your tax rates should actually be paying almost $200 a month more. There are millions of workers who don't understand income taxes who won't see this until next April's yuge tax bills come due.
Who?
Keep making things up, liar Donald Trump.
I see a big difference in my pay since you have been in http://office.So  thankful for you.
Bullshit.  Your billionaire buddies (who don't really accept you by the way) - are saving millions.  The average family is saving what, $1.50 a week?  No thanks.  The blue wave is coming.  And it is all on you.  You've destroyed the GOP.  So ... thanks!!
No tax benefit seen by me.  Where is it located??
First, get a job
That are no benefits.  I list half of what I normally got back.  Half and I am a single mother and disabled veteran.   They said nothing started this year.  I only got back half and supposedly I will get back the rest next year but who knows.
Well, its an Exciting Time To Be Alive Mr President! Thank YOU For Choosing To Lead Us In The Restoration Of Our Republic And The World. Where We Go One We Go ALL!
Like most Americans, your #CorporateWelfare #billionaireWelfare #taxbill does NOTHING FOR ME except saddle my kids with future debt. #MAGA
Then get a job
God you make me puke in my mouth. IT EXPIRES IN FIVE YEARS for us peons but you just get richer. #ImpeachNow
Everyone's talking...about how shitty it is!
Really?! Who?
Lair!

No, we're not. My taxes went up. I'd like an explanation.
Because you never had a bob before?
Zero benefit. ZERO.
Go ask then! Maybe you are not doing your job !
???
So when do people living under the poverty line get to see the benifits of the tax bill @realDonaldTrump?
You are SO SAD! Hahahahaha wow  ‘
So thrilled that we can invest in our retirement, rather then pissing it up a rope on quarterly estimates. #imagreatfulsmallbizowner
I bet all your so called friends, the greedy rich people sure are talking about it to you.
The only people seeing the “benefits” of the tax cuts are you and your corrupt cronies. Thanks, anyway.
Maybe you are not doing your job or your company is cheating?
Only the 1% and Corporations!
*Parp*...pardon me...
I see light at the end of the tunnel.
Trillions of new debt. Even more than the Trump companies. Debt for all. #MissionAccomplished #SelfDealingCorruption
Dear Trump Sir.. I m engineer..looking for job..can u hire me?? I m from India

Not really small increases for@most mr trump
Especially the crooked family. How is Malania holding up these days by the way.
Bill Ward you should be talking about yhe Clinton Crime Family!
Yet, NO repeal of  Obamacare. When.. Ever??
Nope,  no repeal, just messed with enough that it will cost everyone more.  Maybe the tax cut will help pay for that?
Ewwww
Yes, i say the same when i look at your intelligence
That is great for the tax cuts. Now if we stop giving other countries our hard-earned money, we could save our deficit by trillions
Yeah, federal government took 33% of my one time bonus...great effing job, Donald
Since you’re saying this, I know it can’t be true.
Those people have their blinders on.
Only the millionaire like you.
Behind you my President 100%! MAGA AND NOT THE HATERS! 

JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 
Thank you very much Mr Pres, us hard working natural born legal citizens really appreciate it! MAGA!
My taxes are going up, not sure what you are referring to. Everyone should check with their tax professional
Yup, like the medical is increasing every year..that really helps the working class. You are doing just what we knew you would...you are right on schedule
Obama screwed up the medical. Trump is trying to fix it.
Once again you are a BIG FAT LIAR. I HAVE SEEN ZERO BENEFITS.
Tax cut for the richest only is nothing but stealing all the other tax payers money - a regular "State Robbery"!

Just like in Banana Republics.

And to fill up, you will have to loan about 1 trillion! Who will lend you that kind of money?
new NBC/WSJ Poll on tax-cut:

mostly positive effects: 39%
mostly negative effects: 53%
Doubt it
Get a job and you will see it
Are you hearing voices in your head again??
What!!!!!!!! Not us hard working mom and pops
I wish I saw some tax relief, but I'm not rich!
Thank you!!!
Yes we are saying it sucks and we are not "very very" happy.
Obama was Soooooooo much better than you.
No
I’m calling  on “everyone”!  
Maybe be a handful of sycophants that work for you.  Now what “everyone” is definitely talking about is how gratifying it will be to see you in an orange jumpsuit. 
 #DumpTrump #TheResistanceVOTES
Thank You for your service, efforts and energy to make America great again. Your leadership in tax reform has enriched my family, our bank account and my 401k. I also received a $2000 bonus, a pay raise as well as being offered a full time position at my job of 11 years #MAGA
You had a job for 11 years and did not work there full time?  Why were you still working there?  Of course if you went from part time to full time you got more money - that is not a raise by the way.
Jacqueline, you must be fool or an idiot? My job was stifled by 8 years of Obama’s breaking America down and our ruined economy.  I had to work 2 jobs to take care of my family. My pay  and the company’s clients have almost double in 15 months under Trump’s admiration.#MAGA
You said you went from a part time to a full time job after 11 years.  Your facts on the economic growth of the Obama years do not match the statistical documented reality.  Perhaps in your industry , but  for general economy - not true.
Everybody meaning the rich? You’ll go down as the worst excuse for a human in the White House.  #thefoolonthehill
#taxcutsarewolvesinsheepleclothing
A truer word was never spoken.
Yes, we are all saying how nice it was to write a big fat check to the IRS while big corporations pay nothing and raise the salaries of CEOs. We are also talking about the blue . We love how our tax $ goes to fund the gross abuses of your cabinet members like @EPAScottPruitt.
Neat selective "seeing," you god damn dolt.
Bla bla

Yah its good things
You mean everyone is talking about how it is projected to run a trillion dollar deficit indefinitely, and fail to materialize the wage increases you bragged about while lining your own pockets? That part?
Umm your rich friends are, not average Americans.

Yes all libs are bs

IF Kim Jong Un will get rid of his nukes...promise to take him to Disneyland.
Yeah, all your donors and friends maybe. Are you really so stupid that you think anyone buys what you're saying?
Everyone is talking about you and your mess! Ears burning?
Mine went up. No lie. By 30 per pay. Js buddy. Js
What would be nice to see is your tax returns for the last ten years. Really.
Still on that crap! Keep it up, it makes you look like a person who has nothing better to do!
Like to see you take the liberal backlash he’s  taken since in the WH! You people have set an example.. ANYONE  becoming President will be critize on anything! Happy now?
I THANK "GOD" EVERYDAY THAT YOU ARE OUR PRESIDENT. I DO HOWEVER WISH YOU WOULD STOP THE "FRAUD AND ABUSE" IN THE WELFARE SYSTEM. EVERY STATE IN THE U.S. IS IN THE "RED" BECAUSE OF OBOMBAS "FREE" STUFF. NOTHING IN THIS LIFE IS FREE.
Screaming lies doesn’t make them true.
Made up story to create fake news for tomorrow’s Fox & Friends. Dangerous fool.
Gbu
Not according to this fucker
Thanks to the historic TRUMP TAX CUTS, today marks the last time the American people will file taxes under a complicated & outdated tax system. Our Tax Cuts– the largest in American history– will save YOU money, increase opportunity & create more JOBS for American workers #TaxDay
#GuiltyBastard Disgraced Delusional Donnie raises taxes on 80% of Americans, giving 83% of cuts to the richest 1% & biggest corporations, mostly foreign, while working Americans, the elderly, people
w/disabilities, kids & women pick up the tab & he crushes whole economic sectors!
Bla bla
Congratulations!
We have another winner!
You made the list!

Some people are just too stupid to be on Twitter!

Your tweet & timeline are all the proof needed!

Thank God for mute & block buttons!

Happy indictments!

Goodbye!

Delusional Donnie:
#1SickSOB #GuiltyBastard
Right now you're at Mar A Lago, a private club, where (after being elected) you doubled the membership to $200K. 

Everyone is talking, but about how the top 1%/corporations made off like bandits on ur tax cut scam.

We'll make it clear in Nov. how the People feel about this.
You live in a bubble @realDonaldTrump "Everyone" are talking, but faaar from everyone thinks this was a good thing. Most understand that you just gave billions to the rich 1%  and a few bread crumbs to the rest. It`s pathetic that you try to pretend anything else.
I don’t think so LIAR!! TRUMP. The worse & dumbest president in history. People will try to listen to him talk. No  vocabulary, sounds like one in elementary school. He will be a joke & people will wonder what in the world were we smoking in that election.
I see the Trolls are out on this one. Trumps success on Economy, Trade, conflict resolution & the destruction of ISIS has got them triggered

Well I lost my teacher deduction...that's not nice to see https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/986218871991492608 …
Obviously .@potus only talks or listens to the 1% - the rest of us don't rank in his view #maga #muellertime #GOPTaxScam #treason
Tax won’t show up till next year, if you read the print!
Pay your taxes & release your returns so we can all finally see the inevitable truth: you're not as wealthy as you claim, you probably have never paid your fair share of taxes, & all of your shady, offshore businesses dealings particularly with Russia are plentiful! #TaxDay2018
Kimberly why don’t you release your tax returns?  Maybe that you didn’t pay anything or just collected welfare all year!
What? 
Free money is always great. But, it's our money, you're just lending it to us. But in a few years, most people will have to pay it back, and the billionaires share. You're doing for America, what you did for your casinos.
Behind our President 100%. Love to see you trolls out there.
STOP your 'smoke and mirrors' horse shit! Those that NEEDED a tax cut DIDN'T get it. Liar-In-Chief.
Still waiting on those tax returns.

