I got a 2k tax refund last year. This year, I had to PAY IN over 1k. Thanks!
Mr. President, my name is Medhat from Egypt, I’d like to travel and my family ( wife and three kids )to USA, i need to work and am searching for the a good life, could you please help me.
Appreciate your time and attention.
You misspelled “I hereby resign the office of President of the United States effective immediately...” .....again  seriously, it’s not that hard. Why don’t you try your best to get it right next time? #Resign #GetItRight
The IRS was supposed to give me a refund of 100 dollars... Instead they sent me 40, and said I owed them 60 from 2014. Funny, because they took half my life savings that year, and the rest was considered income for 2015, and I had to cut a check for 55 thousand dollars. No IRS.
Ty bror!
What does it mean? I'm under curiosity right now.
If you answer this question, I'll follow you right away; if not, I'll hate you. You don't have to be the Evil One. You just must ignore the question.

Well Mr. Trump. I am working now. I wasn't in February. I have messaged you about me being on ssi. I was not getting money. Not your fault however. I know that. because of u I got a raise in Feb too. But I wasnt being I wanted to be. I was tired of living off handouts.
And bureaucracy is being reduced.
You're the most grossly incompetent President in the history of the United States.   What an embarrassment for all Americans and the laughing stock of the world.  If you, Mr President disagree,  please respond.  If you agree, no response is necessary.
False info lol where is he getting this info??? Lol there are still jobs laying people off. Gas is getting higher. How can both those things be low? Lol
Jobs are still gonna lay people off no matter what it’s called capitalism the president can’t bail out all the companies lmfao? And gas gets higher the higher employment is and the better the economy. Employment is actually up tho where do you get YOUR info
The United States has a security covenant with Afghanistan, and they kill hundreds of Afghans every day Why do not you raise the sound ????
Deficits are way up
Human rights in Nigeria are being violated on daily bases. The Nigerian president is a tyrant and blood sucker
Buhari supported Hillary Clinton with millions of dollars. Hoping she will win. I cry for Christians in Nigerian. Islamic Buhari is evil.
The Nigerian president Buhari is evil. The United Kingdom are doing so bad in covering his Islamic killings and atrocities in Nigeria.
Am proud of you and am really a fan of you.
So I got a job at Lamar State College in Beaumont Texas. I dont make much. But it is better than minimum wage.  It took you. To make me see my full potential as an American!  TY Sir @realDonaldTrump
OMG OMG OMG omg!!!!! oh mAH GaWD DonnY just a toucha my taxes
wowowow
One of your VA Hospitals in Long Beach has issues, race issues if you want to know about the Screwballs let me know and I'll give you the lowdown
Enjoy you!
Yeah for the Rich
You are right about that Sir
BS, sir .
Thank God for the hiring and liquidation!!!!!!!!
It's temporary, and you have no control over it.. Like your presidency!
Lol
Do More...
Why do you take credit for Unemployment dropping when it's been on the decline for the last 10 years? Answer me this, why haven't you PUBLICLY acknowledged the Waffle House Hero, oh yeah he is BLACK, but you managed to find good Whit Racist and Neo Nazis in Charlottesville???
I have a countdown on my phone for when you’re out of office.
I got a count down on my phone waiting for you to move out of ur moms house it says in 43 years

THANK YOU, Mr President
if the other governments of the world won't ask America to shut you down and stop you from doing what you're doing are you sure you the people that hand within the wealth of the world. You you done mr. Trump give it up you have too much bad English behind you no excuses
So how is it that Bill Cosby just drove home will there be black or white Chinese Hispanic for all the same this is just the Injustice of the rich and the poor need to pay attention it's enough of you mr. Trump you need to leave office
Mr. Trump do you have the balls to challenge with the courts just did in regards to Crosby do you think that's fair if it was you I would answer you be taken away
I asked the world to power up to each other I asked that we all work as a team and do something right it's not about countries it's about making it work and everybody having a better life it isn't that better than being raped murdered killed or she did like Trump treats some of
Plain English to the world who's been f***** over by Trump who's been screwed by him who's been badgered by him who's been molested by him let's get this right if we're going to label another black man like Cosby what we shouldn't have a problem with the president of United state
Get your thyroid checked out everything you find that you're only doing it for yourself and for your family and you could care less about anybody else and if I'm wrong I maybe I don't know only you know but the world's watching you're useless
Z I'm quite aware of what's going on now what we have is the rest of the world to look after amongst Trump you know what you do with the bad boy it ground him stick him in the corner but I don't sat on them think that's what he needs next cuz he's pretty stupid in my opinion
No that was me speaking I was giving you an example on mr. Trump sounds every time he opens his mouth get the point sometimes stupid is bless sometimes stupid people are dangerous
how many f****** people did you have to step on to get where you are I call on the world how many people has Trump f***** over let's find out let's that up the numbers let's see if this man is honest
mr. Trump love your boat love your plane do you still own it you suck the world will put you in your place not anybody else everybody will do your on ethical
Drain Maxine W , Pelosi, Shumer, Sharpton,
.
Well done, Mr. President. Thank you. MAGA. GOD Bless America. 
Great Trump rocks
Yeah not seeing around this area.
Poverty, racism, police shootings are up.  The stock market is down.  Enjoy!
You sound as out of control & nuts as he did on his Fox and Friends interview this morning. Going off the rails on the #TrumpCrazyTrain

This happened today!…

Deep state wants to maintain control by keeping American workers unemployed and dependent on the govt.

We will thanks 
Countries that manufacture refugees are also the countries most strongly resisting illegal immigrants.
MY taxes aren't down! But you're right - employment is good!  Thanks, Obama!
employment up but I do go to the states they are not earning much. house taxes are high. gas price is high. many are not happy like the rich people.
too many beggars also on the streets.
enjoy what? you know we all know you're lying. as a nation we're more tired of you then your mail order wife is
Shut up
Employment up: 2 jobs tot. 54 hours every week for 1759 a month.

Less tax: for the rich.

Thanks for...........?
Thanks be to God
Thank you President Trump. MAGA
I'm not quite there yet but working on it. As soon as we can end age discrimination, including the Gov. jobs sector, I just might realize the dream.
I am happy though for those who are enjoying these benefits reaulting from the hard work of POTUS45. I have no doubts that these positives are a welcome change for those realizing them.
Seriously? 
My hero....not really
That’s all great sir but cost-of-living still Higher Then a hippie in a helicopter
Nobody who really beleived in climate change as defined by democrats would ever own beachfront property!

Do you know ANY liberal elitist who doesn't own beachfront property?
Hahaha  I  guess  you  said joke   trump  crazy  a like  my . ......
You  will  be  my  uncle  but  have  one  condition  let  me  kiss  your  daughter   that's  all
Shut up. That, we can enjoy.
Fake news! Gas prices up! Inflation and all other indicators of doom. How was maralago? Seems like every weekend. Hmmm why not fly southwest...save us some $$
If we can get a wall and get rid of these wage reducing illegal moochrs from south of the border, to raise individual wages, thenaybe we should be alright.
Fake news as always!!
Thanks Obama.
And none of it had anything to do with you You're very talented at claiming victories that don't belong to you. Bloody bell end.
Stormy’s hooters, folks. If those aren’t real hooters I’ll be John Barron
Your taxes are surely down. You aren’t paying any!
كلب صهيوني

Like your cholesterol and IQ
Of course only for you and your corrupt posse.
Thank you! #MAGA2018 #ItsTheEconomyStupid
Oh good. Now you can focus on providing for the (US) citizens of Puerto Rico #impeach
Thanks!
Tax Return?! Put up or shut up.
Not and Not
Oke bos..l think.. reduse costs for defence.because it is not yet war.
My property taxes shot up 300% , thanks dip shit
Taxes are down only for rich companies
You're so full of shit, Jonas are still being outsourced to other countries, my husband just lost his job to outsourcing, you are such a liar and a moron.
And you're a crook
You not doing shit for us
Gas $3 tho.
On the contrary!  For normal people taxes are up and employment down!
Welcome in the real world!

Thanks MR. President
Thanks
Thank you Obama! Top employer is Amazon... Take that!!!
Thank you very much!!! 
Sir!
And benefits are cut! Thanks asshat
I hope you're ready for MGM Springfield to open this September. We will make Springfield, Massachusetts Great Again.
If reality
His
speak
Taxes are going UP for my family of four with loss of the personal exemption. Your base is in for a surprise next tax filing
Mr President please help us here in Fall River Mass. Jobs being moved to Mexico and Canada
You can give billionaires all the tax cuts you can come up with, but they still won't like you. You're nothing to them. A two-bit social climber who ended up on TV as a game-show host. You will never be one of them. Even cheating your way into the White House didn't change that.
YOUR #TimesUp  

MUELLER IS TAKING YOU DOWN.

ENJOY SHARING SHOWERS.
Thank you President Obama !!!!
And just where are taxes down? Not at my jouse, but we are middle income people , not rich.
Wages are stagnant, food,gas and healthcare cost more and interest rates are going UP. Enjoy!
Pres Trump is the best hang in there appreciate what your doing please if you need militia men rules let us fight clean this mess up maga man
Big money leowhanta check this out Dear Mr Pres Trump Also ghost soldier money and Black ops check this out also Dr Mr Pres Trump leowhanta big money hidden you want to pardon someone this guy deserves it check it out
Dear Mr Pres Trump leowhanta check this out man maybe something you can do big money for American people there via Pres Regan's inside man lotta of money can't tell you what it is you haft to look so as not to give away I know I have already but no take a look
that's what obama done.
#Traitor
#Treason

#Propaganda

#RuleofLaw 

#papadopoulos
#Page
#Flynn
#Manafort
#Deripaska
#Stone
#Guccifer2
#Gates
#Cohen
#Prague
#CambridgeAnalytica 
#DonJr
#Veselnitskaya

#NRA

#ObstructionOfJustice
Michael Cohen will flip, Enjoy!
Yea Thx Mr President
Put it to us Mr Pres Trump charge us please to be responsible for our actions please don't go down the wrong road stand tall be strong call us to duty please Mr Pres Trump maga
Pres Trump please don't let American people go yet I know is it worth it right but you won't know till you give us our chance and tell us what you know these bastrds can't believe this maga plse maga stop this crap man fight Mr Pres to fight man is our Honor
PS don't need to go to war need to clean up our mess we allowed the Clinton's Bush and Obama to create turn things around then maga
All these false flags our country is embarrassed our country is killing to start wars and it's own people Dear Mr Pres Trump give us a chance to fight sign the militia men rules act now tell us what the hell is going on this crap gotta stop
Dear Mr Pres Trump I would appreciate it and so would many others but you got to tell us what the hell is going on then empower the American people militia men rules then stand back cause on your and our behalf were going to clean hose till this crap is over
It's time to fight these people have got to pay man this is out of control or are you getting mad another way and getting ready to hand us away don't blame you but if you could conjure up some Independence and character to the idea of maga to give American there fighting chance
Dear mr. Pres Trump man these immagrants that are getting into office other than Constitution law is treason against American people these people don't even measure up to our beliefs or care about our hx man how can this be these people that are in power to allow this
It was in the 1880s had to have special election cause he had to fire all the treasonist bastards out of office after the civil war this started new blood and formed the militia men rules if you can't then tell American people the truth enact the laws for militia men
Though we didn't put you in there to let these dingalings tear us apart again for when your time is up quit worrying about these jerks and start putting them in jail man the Schumer's pelosis the podesta's all rhinos and Dems there was a Pres that did call on the militia to
Dear Mr Pres Trump I hope you are getting angered for these rhinos and Dems don't Deserve to take there next breath of sir did you see what Humanity did with the Clinton's come on man time to fight good move Syria I understand it's attached meaning you got to come out
THANK YOU AND EVERYTHING YOU DO FOR US... even the "shit talkers."
We still support you , we be out here just hard to hear us over the fake news...lol...
You sound like a Hank Jr. song.
I live in La
I LIVE IN LA. & ONE the local,LIBERAL,news statiions 2DAY said "EMPLOYMENT AND PAY RATES WERE UP IN 2017," BUT NO MENTION OF TRUMP'S TAX REFORM!! ALSO, THAT GLOBAL WARMING IS the CAUSE OF HIGHER POLLEN COUNT THIS YR.!!  #TRUMP2020
Bullshit is at a record high #impeach
How about that $3.50 gasoline? Easily spending my tax refund on gas this year at this rate.
3.50? You in a high state tax on gasoline? Not here. 2.69 all day long
Parts of Idaho here suck.
Ouch.
EXACTLY Mr. President! Great jobb!
Way to go Mr President!

Recent analysis reported the six largest Wall Street banks saved $3.59 billion in taxes last quarter, all thanks to the GOP tax scam. It’s more evident than ever the Republican tax plan is a $1 trillion bank heist that will be paid by our children for years to come.

@TrollMasaaFlex @Magamcfly @t0lerantparad0x
https://youtu.be/GfGJ_SRcBSE 
Lies are up, presidential class is down.

I find it pathetic that you're trying to taje credit for something u didn't contribute to.
Until you can stop foreign investment in real estate there is little here to enjoy!
My impeachment calls are up, my approval ratings are DOWN. Enjoy!
I am a poor Sp.Ed. former teacher of the Hartford School system who lost her job due to a knife event. I am trying to get a grant from the government to start Unique Tutoring Centers but nobody will help.Two cancers,lyme disease and learning disabilities are trying to stop US.
Thank you President Obama!!!
Not in PA big stores are closing every day, unemployment is up, thanks trump.
What about claiming child support on your taxes?? Will you makes that happen for the hard working fathers?
Not until you are gone!!
Can you make college cheaper please
Keep at it Mr President your the Best most of these dems need medication   Very sad
Lies, lies, lies.
That was on the rise, when you took office, taking credit for someone else acheivments before you.  But thats you trump.  Taking credit for someone else hard work before you.  Be glad when your gone.
Let God lead us.  Pray without ceasing! I'm starting a prayer chain.  Pray for the Peace of Israel... protection of Trump/Pence families  and staff.
Thank you Mr President
Please keep doing what your doing!!!!! ...BUT get off TWITTER. You are only hurting your self and reputation.
Where tho?
employment is at an all time low lmfao wym?
Taxes aren't tho? Maybe for the wealthy but like where else? 
he slashed taxes for businesses by a lot, from 35% to 21% i believe. thats a lot
I don't understand why "Pelosi-land" Democrats think tax cuts are "Crumbs." Many Americans love tax cuts. Also, Pelosi calls for gun control when she has people with guns protecting her. Total hypocrite.

Not everyone can enjoy this.
Awesome!
We still believe in you Mr. President.  Praying for you and America
So are we just dismissing all your tweets in 2013 about how we shouldn’t go in to Syria and how it’s a terrible idea especially with out congressional approval or nah? Asking for a friend..
And interest rates are rising as well as inflation!!  You are scewing the working class!!!!
I haven’t felt the warmth of lower taxes yet
wonderful world
