Isaiah 54:10
For the #mountains shall depart And the #hills be removed, But My #kindness shall not depart from you, Nor shall My #covenant of #peace be removed,” Says the #Lord, who has #mercy on you.
#Jesus #Saves   #RedeemerLives #OneNationUnderGOD

Sending prayers. Tragic.
#USA
#America #Military #USA
#America NEEDS God. #USA
For all those who give SO MUCH ... despite political affiliation ... to protect so many. THANK YOU.
‘We fight because tomorrow is too important to take for granted.’

Dedicated To The Fallen Members Of Team Ouallam…
Thank you to the brave men, women, K9s, veterans who have given so much. We owe it to provide them with the BEST possible equipment and benefits. #Military #VETS #USA
‘A peaceful transition of power is one of the hallmarks of our democracy. We are going to show that to the world.’ -Obama…
Ignore it.....
.@realDonaldTrump  Meesa thoughts, prayers un condolences are with da families, palos un palos of da duey @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost deysa lives in da line of duty today.
These officers are heroes. You're a traitor.

Jesus was a man of color, and a radically progressive liberal. JSYK  @GOPHypocracy.
Progressives want to take what you have and redistribute it via the state. Jesus said to give what you have. Two totally different ideologies. Sorry. It’s because you lack a thing I call a brain.
No, progressives want to improve everyone's quality of life by making sure things like health care and school are in no way impeded personal finance. The GOP wants to take it from the masses and give it to the defense contractor shareholders and the 1 percenters. Glad I can help!
One percent pays forty percent of all taxes. The ones who make between 100 and 499k  (16%) pay the rest. It’s not fair. It hopefully will end soon. Then will be time to be a working pissed off white girl. Lol.
Those are completely irrelevant statistics, percentage of income is the important stat.
They don’t feel irrelevant. Time for everyone to pay their fair share.
You pretend to love law enforcement but disparage the FBI. You’re a fraud.
If you don't know the difference you are part of the problem and blind to corruption.
Maybe because he's one of the most corrupt people certainly ever to have lived in America and possibly the most corrupt to ever have lived on earth
You are the greatest president of our time.
How old are you, two?
How old are you, eighty?
Not even close 
Giuliani? Really?  REALLY?? Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
@FoxNews @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity  While Rosenstein says Trump is not a target in Cohen’s raid, remember when we got that same message from Mueller saying Trump isn’t a target in Russia collusion just before the Cohen raid? Don’t fall for it
those families don't deserve the curse of your "thoughts and prayers"

just resign... today... DO IT NOW

Propaganda Bot like Patterns Found
Our model has classified @billie4congress to exhibit patterns conducive to a political bot or highly moderated account.
Boots run for Congress? Just wondering.
Who said anything about Boots? Oh you meant Bots? Actually it said either a bot or a highly moderated account. I'm betting it's the later. As for as running for congress, sure as a write-in candidate.
Gotcha. But thanks for not keying in on the typo. But I get your point.
You neither think nor pray,  so you're doing nothing?  Par for the course.
Is that Par for the golf course?? Asking for the world

Libtard
You and your “president” know the best words. 

Nothing shows how much you care like sending a tweet.
A tweet from the President of the U.S that supports a small town with only 1 red light actually shows a lot of care for those of us who live here and are affected by the shooting. The fact that we’re on his mind means a lot
He also tweets about @StormyDaniels. He must care for her as well. You do realize he is actually in Florida? He could visit, but that would take time away from golfing.
Pick! Pick! Pick!  That’s all you peoply do about our President.  Sure didn’t hear all this where Onummer was president and the WORST even.  No one said a word about his actions on many things.  He played golf everyday; even when Benghazi happened!!
Bot
Also, try running this through the Russian —> English translator again.
So every supporter is Russian or a bot? That’s the most pathetic defense I’ve ever seen. Grow up. Before he was elected you knew nothing about politics and now you’re an expert right?
I’ve never stated I was an expert in politics, Mr. self-taught guitarist. You added nothing to this conversation except hate, just like trump and his clan. Who is the real grown up here? You are harassing another woman online I see. Keep it classy, 19 year old.

Yhea ok if you say so, on another note, Rossenstein says the raid on Cohen's office has nothing to do with POTUS, so again liberals nothing

#LOSER
Trump agrees with you.

America loves you Donald
32%

Libtard
Riddle me this one...
Lol, I give zero f@#%s about how many followers I have. I have a life outside of this. I only have an account to follow my beloved President. Lol... your President. And for the record I was raised by two moms and they voted for Trump too. Lol, you being gay is on you my dear!
You don't need a twitter to follow Trump.

Your VP wants me electrocuted straight, so hard pass.

Also, those memes? I didn't know it was 2008!!! Man, those were the days....

Anything said beyond this point is you harassing me. bye bye little boy! 
PRAYERS ALWAYS!
We have to always honor and respect our Veterans. Our GREATEST people.
I think maybe you are too young to have remembered Vietnam and what some military did there such Horrors perpetrated on noncombatants always a few bad apples in every group there is no way I could ever honor the soldier who commanded heavy fire power on a village then set fire
You would love ISIS, they are humane and forgiving and care about other people. You should join them...
I wouldn't join Isis any more than I would become an Evangelical Christian. In both cases religious leaders have Twisted the words of their respective holy books to get people to do what they want in Isis they want Power and Evangelical Christianity they want money
Cool, I misread your tweet, I only thought I saw I would never honor soldiers. Sorry
Oh absolutely not if I had ever been one of those brats in the airports when troops were coming home screaming baby killer at them I would have knocked them out I may only be 5 foot 6 but I'm built like a man wide shoulders big hands and feet show no disrespect to military to me
Are you going to tell their wives "they knew what they signed up for" too?
He can’t even tell Melania that she knew what she was signing up for. NO ONEcan possibly foretell that kind of horror.
Did you ever give your fake “thoughts & prayers” to the deceased from YOUR building?
He met with the family.  Try and keep up hater.

Well-said 
HA! That asshole doesn’t have a thought in his head or a prayer in his heart. I almost believe his tweet 

Wow 
P u s s y
Ur will be known as worst president ever.
That would be Obama.
Please elaborate, otherwise I shall think you are a raving lunatic.
The whole damn eight years
Break some bread brother, I want half a dose of that hallucinogen!
I do not use drugs
Then you need to start if you're thinking Trump's going to serve another term. Your connection to reality is purely coincidental.
So sad...
That’s because “Porto Rico” doesn’t exist as a US commonwealth
 
 

 
　 

　　
　

　
　　

　　　
　　
　　
　　
　　

　 
　　 
　　 
　　 
　 

　　
　　
　　
　　
    
I will remember how you treated democratically elected president and his supporters
Ciccariello-Maher, Drexel University: "All I want for Christmas is white genocide"
Marxist Professor Lars Maischak "to save American democracy, Trump must hang."
Trump ran a campaign of hate, fear, exclusion and violence and won. So that’s what he and his followers should expect. Every. Single. Day. Reap what you sow!
Listen you Nazi retard,U created Trump with your hatred of American values& antiwhite/Christian divisive agenda. U ignored people voice opposing Muslim immigration,illegals,bad economy,DNC scandals, corruption etc so don't cry on my shoulder that you lost.U got what u deserve.OK?
I'm the nazi? We're the ones protesting them you moron. You're sick.
I would be sick if I didn't tell you the truth because you're far from being another Gandhi. You and your bunch of retarded Nazi nitwits belong in jail,you show so much hatred that you must be stopped before you kill someone.C'mon,make America great again,pack your bags & leave.
RESIGN!
I hope the find them and hang them high for what they did 
He's already offed himself, so tax payers are off the hook for that.
Or hopefully those officers got him first
He ambushed them as they sat in a restaurant. Shot them right through a window. They had no time to react. He went back to his vehicle & shot himself.
Blue Lives Matter the most! To serve and protect...
Why does one life matter more than another??


Death Penalty for cop killers.
Taylor Lindsey was a great guy and a fine Deputy Sheriff. Didn’t know Sgt Ramirez as well, but they are both heroes nonetheless! Thank you Mr President for acknowledging these two men that made this sacrifice. Prayers for all involved!
Do you support our POTUS? (Retweet after voting!)
Oops- not the results you had hoped for. Hahaha
Unfair!
My prayers also amen
You don't have any thoughts.
RIP
RIP Deputies!
You made them losing their lives
Your thoughts and prayers are meaningless
California civil war. Fight the disease of liberalism
Wow..........judging from the messianic following you have, I’m surprised you haven’t resurrected the slain officers from the dead. Quit patronizing the military & police when you don’t possess a modicum of courage they have. Resign, wannabe dictator!
Wow kind of amazing that we actually have a president who acknowledges the deaths of our law enforcement heroes. God bless these officers their families and GCSO family.
#YouWillBeImpeached
Not happening
Wow now he's added condolences to his usual garbage 
Murder of 2 Police Officers in Fla have "NOTHING" to do with Russia Collusion.  WHY isn't Sessions there telling courts to Prosecute and get death penalty for Hate Crime. 
HAS SESSIONS RECUSED HIMSELF FROM JUSTICE

I am not defending Trump but we have video of an American President promising flexibility before he handed Georgia, Ukraine and the Middle East over to Putin. It wasn’t Trump by the way
Great call focus on Mexico instead. Can’t fix what’s broken in Ukraine because Trump is either ineffective or conspiring with Russia?
I don’t think he is conspiring with Russia, I think he has the mental attitude of a 14 year old and all of his decisions are 90% ad hoc
I didn't even know you could think let alone pray. 
As the mother of a Sheriff's Deputy I thank God every single day we now have a President who supports our loved ones n law enforcement! 
Your attack on former FBI Director Comey and McCabe make this tweet ring hollow. You fear law enforcement not appreciate the work they do.
http://www.chicagotribune.com/sns-bc-ams-gen-peru-asesinatos-20170908-story.html …   ►
May the two #GCSOFlorida HEROES  Rest In Peace . Condolences to their grieving families and colleagues 
#BlueLivesMatter 
Prayers
Y r u leftists so obsessed with Trumps pecker? What he did before he was President.  Blacks Hispanics Whites Japanese Koreans Vietnmese and all other groups are getting jobs, pay raises, bonuses, women highest employment along w other minorities.  Get focused! #winning
He`s got a solid golden pecker, at $1400 an ounce no wonder it is short!
#中国 #China #习近平 2017年8月28，江苏音乐电台女主播邓煌通过节目造谣钱宝网人去楼空法人跑路，造成当天大量挤兑，因钱旺集团流动资金充足，化解了挤兑危机，令人感到很奇怪的是，这个小主播可不简单，生活奢靡，奢侈品，生日当天，南京新街口两栋大厦灯光秀为她庆祝，还是航拍奥，就问谁能比过他？
@GCSOFlorida @realDonaldTrump Although many mourn for deaths of 2 #Florida #Sheriff Deputies in #Gilchrest #County, it's a SHAME that equal mourning is not shown for VICTIMS killed by #UnitedStates #Police due to #Police #Brutality and #Harassment. What comes around goes around!
Your tweet is shameful fperez 
@mr65gibson My "tweet is shameful" and you attach an icon with a middle finger? No YOUR response is SHAMEFUL and I return back the middle finger to you for being a MORON thinking that ALL COPS are saints. See https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=United+States+Police+Brutality … to view SERIOUS US Police Brutality problem!
I’m sure your thoughts and prayers will make ZERO difference. We hate you. Resign.
Hope you're wearing your Depends because that's a whole heap of physical strain for you, old man.
This from the man who said nothing about the man who died in his rat-trap, glass n brass slum. From the guy who couldn't be bothered to say something heartfelt and personal about Barbara Bush. Couldn't even be bothered to check the date on his canned tweet. You're a piece of 

Anybody who believes that you have a thought or a prayer is delusional.
Have you sent condolences to the families of the 4 people killed at a Waffle House. Have you acknowledged the hero that took that gunman down without a gun.  No you haven't. Why not?
Dear President Trump hold good family support. They are your energy. Of course include those hard work stuffers.
having lived in Gilchrist County my prayers and thoughts are with the families and her law enforcement May the universe bring light and may God take us under him and take care of us love us all be as one no matter what we are all human that is the bottom line
Thank you for acknowledging these awesome OFFICERS that GAVE IT ALL!  
Save your thoughts and prayers for your impeachment.
I suppose it's way too soon to talk Common Sense gun legislation? Asking for some dead friends.
Move to Chicago, it’s working great there
The reason it's "working great there" is because it touches Indiana. Stop talking about shit you know nothing about.
Thank You! #BackTheBlue for all you do! Luv Y’all Much
With all due respect to the fallen officers, @realDonaldTrump you qualify heroes as those that are not captured, and therefore I assume you also like your heroes alive = you are such a hypocrite! You disgrace anything and everything you touch or tweet about.
Thank you Mr. President
You don’t pray...you’ve admitted it & we all know it. Stop with the hypocrisy...it’s cheap, like your suits & ties. 
Thank you for this tweet. It’s wonderful the President of the United States recognizes these slain officers. The police community appreciates it.  The officers’ families appreciate it. Law & order loving patriots appreciate it. 

We thank these officers for their sacrifice.  RIP
Praying for the families. TY President Trump
Good morning Mr President!  Sending thanks to all first responders that put their lives on the line. Prayers sent. RIP 
Brave men. May they Rest In Peace and may God console and give their families strength.
#BackTheBlue 
#FBR
#theresistance
#GeeksResist
#impeachtrump
#FBResistance
THANK YOU @POTUS for your continuing support of American law enforcement officers.
Pleased to be living here in the UK were gun murders of police officers are measured in decades
Thanks Obama/Hillary & Democrats for teaching all this hate & division of out most important assets! God bless these poor families! 
I live in Gilchrist County and I can assure you we will all feel safer when your locked up
Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of Gilchrist County Sheriff's Office Sergeant Noel Ramirez and Deputy Taylor Lindsey, both blood and blue. Thank you for your service.
Prayers to their family and friends.

A moje myśli Panie Prezydencie kierowane są do Pana z pytaniem; 
Z prośbą aby pod żadnym pozorem nie podpisywał PAN ustawy 447 jest ona dla nas Polaków bardzo krzywdząca. 
Nie można traktować tak swojego najlepszego przyjaciela i sojusznika 
Polska Pana szanuje!!!!!!! "
MAGA
The most honest and caring President of the American People. And it shows.
God bless our heroes
Did you ever offer condolences to the family of the man that died in your building in NY because you were too cheap to put sprinklers in it?
Mr. President. May your thoughts be with all the white farmers, murdered every week in South Africa?

So sad n such evil! May the fallen Rest In Peace 

Thoughts and prayers! Solutions and legislation not so much, but thoughts and prayers!
Two good guys with guns are dead because a bad guy had easy access to a gun. Do something!
What about the man who died in your shoddy building??
And what about the bullshit you were claiming a few months back about how safe you made the airlines, Mr Trump?
DITTO!
You are NOT a friend to law enforcement.
You don’t speak for every law enforcement officer. Touch your nose.
And you do, clown?
My mother, uncles, and my husband are/were law enforcement and they are very happy with @realDonaldTrump and his recognition to the fallen officers that literally gave their lives for uneducated, low life, your mommas a hoe people like you. So again you don’t speak for them all.
Your thoughts and prayers mean nothing. Actions speak, trump!
Thank You POTUS!! Never would have seen this from your predecessor..  #MAGA
Thoughts and prayers again? This does not work, didn't you notice?
Every time a LEO walks out of his/her command they have no idea IF They will go home after work too many times they go to the morgue or the hospital cause they were called for service and did their job 
They do it so well they pay with their very lives and their blood and guts
Why do you only care about the military or the police?  Do you care about the people of Puerto Rico?  At all?  @POTUS
Obama 's legacy
Obama doesn’t have a legacy & he has nothing to be proud of.


Gun Whore-in-Chief, a fake Christian, uses tiresome & trite offerings of "thoughts & prayers" so he can do nothing & is off the hook. It placates the NRA which is supported by Russia & appeals to his white supremacist, xenophobic base.
This must stop! Traitor obama started this hatred toward police. Please put our police forces under federal and state jurisdiction and make murdering a LEO a strict death penalty crime. So sad for these officers families. Murdered while eating lunch.
Good guys are dropping like flies arent they? Time for a wake up speech Mr. President. They need to pay closer attention and be more prepared.
You don’t have a soul to have any empathy or sympathy for anyone. Always can tell when u don’t put out tweet. “Stormy, how I luv ya, how I luv ya”
Dude, if there’s one thing you have made clear time and time again since you began this farce, it’s that you are incapable of producing thoughts, prayers, OR condolences. “My empty and self-serving tweets” might be more like it. Hack.
How full of hate and venom must liberals be to post their non-stop negativity on this post?  Dear, God, please let us never be ruled by Democrats ever again! They are EVIL!!!!

Yeah right.
So sick of your same old line: My thoughts, prayers and condolences.  Empty!  Try going there, if we all give ."
