I do not believe a thing that come out of this White House ! I do not want to see anything from them !
Lies Lies Lies. I have a good job and I still live paycheck to paycheck. How will I afford summer camp for my child while I’m working or food while he’s there that’s easily 2000 in one shot plus rent car loan light water cards gas food etc. and these are monthly bills.
Not in our home
The best tax cut for the elderly is a zero cost on medicare, because. I pay about a 140$ a month and hardly use it, and i despretly could use that extra money each month, since youd haveto cut that cost to all ssi or ssi disability people who recieve either type of such checks.
Are you sure? What’s considered hard working you mean no golf every weekend?
So where is the extra money we should get no one I have spoke with is getting more than 40 bucks a month. Where's the 200
Not only did I not get more take home, company canceled our annual raise.

Thank you mr President your doing a great job as i knew you would we will be voting for you in 2020
No one has seen that #Diissemblerdonniefakepresident
We prophesied that America will be great again with president TRUMP bse he is abussiness man . Calculations works and is very important to some one leading acountry like America. MAY ALMIGHTY BLESS YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP and let those Americans give you another TERM.
California decides to raise fuel tax now that people have more more money due to Trumps tax cuts..
You may see more money,  but that isn't a pay increase.  That's the illusion you are getting more.

@POTUS and that little bit of extra money goes straight into the gas tank prices up and food prices will go up so no good
Still pushing your tax scam.  Shame on you.
Thank you for my 4 dollar a week tax cut
When?
LIAR

I'd see more money in my paycheck if healthcare was under control! $300 for a simple lab test in the doctors office, are you kidding me!? Get expenses under control and then I'll be impressed with the WH.
Dam liars period
Maybe in your pocket, not mine.

JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 
I hope this delivers on its promise. Time will tell and the CBO says things will be different starting in 2019. Time will tell...
Just please stop the insane lying!

So, in effect, the @WhiteHouse is saying that if taxpayers DON'T see more money in their paychecks "as a result" of this garbage law...then they're obviously NOT "hardworking." #TaxDay #GOP #GOPTaxScam #TrumptyDumpty #Resist #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump

Is this a joke?
Yeah?  I see the CEOs got one hell of a raise including Emporer Trump.  When do the peasants get our crust of bread?
#propaganda
You know what I want to see? Trump’s tax returns
Mostly the $BILLIONAIRS!
Wrong, stop lying, I had a drop in my return. You are a fake president
Every Leftist Socialist Commie Moore'on who protests and complains about Trump should donate their tax cuts to charity! Doubt that happens though!
(Looking in my purse) nope still the sane amount in fact a few dollars short.
Will this bring in the lost tax revenue on the $8 trillion that is being harbored in off shore bank accounts by the top 1%? What kind of breaks are the top 10, 1, and .01% getting out of this?
Great reform
While u keep pushing this tax scam, we understand u gave 83% of tax benefits 2 wealthy:billionaires&large corps.Ryan was thrilled when teacher rec'd $1.50 more in her payck.Our "benefits" r 4 10 yrs;wealthy permanent tax cuts.Mayb we w/see $ next yr, then we'll pay more.SCAM!
Bull The #Taxscambill benefits the rich that includes all of you, Trump the rich and corporations. While middle-class class gets pittance but offset by deductions or lack there of, it's net-net zero sum game. Yet they'll be paying for yours two fold when it expires #TaxDay
Liars
all these comments! Lol I have learned something over this past year. When a Liberal or Democrat speaks about anything regarding Trump or Politics then the opposite must be true. It must really suck, I am sorry but youmust be tired of losing so much.  keep crying.
You are the delusional one, little man.
Yeah, I got about a $10 increase in my paycheck.  Hooray hooray. 
$72 more each and every year! Woooopee!
Lmao

Just in time to pay more for gas
How can the government build the wall if people pay less taxes?
I'm still waiting.
Did you know Aaron russo Mr President Trump? I want you to audit the federal reserve. Make Shure you go while they do it so you can make Shure it's done right. But I don't think they will let you because I believe you don't have any rights and you are finding this out every day.
@geeharkin
A good time for the president to release his taxes! #GOPTaxScam
Trump promised that and pay raises.  In the long run, cost of living is going up.  For the average American worker, i do not have faith in seeing a difference that really helps
Meanwhile, Trump's tax scam will be eliminating deductions that help the middle class so in the end working class Americans will pay higher taxes.
#ReleaseYourTaxes you lying fraud
Bullshit
$5 isn’t going to help
Is today the day we see the Presidents tax return?  Oops no he filed for an extension!
The best
That would be nice. Tax cuts are always a great thing but 50 bucks every 2 weeks isn't going to let me do anything now that i wasnt doing before. #maga #taxreform
If you read the bill you would know that this is a blatantly false statement.
The old
I know more people who have lost their jobs after this "job bill" than any other time in my life
It’s already April. Where’s the extra money? MORE LIES!
The only real benefactors of Trump's welfare for the wealthy tax plan are the wealthy.
I retired and have been donating like crazy. I found out after the fact that donating more than $500. Requires receipts from original purchase, etc, plus a lot of other qualifications. Next yr I can't write off anything!I took the $500 donation when more like $5000. RIPPED OFF!!!
Not even close to what you promised the average earner. Another disTrumpian lie.
I'm afraid of the paybacks that will hit us in 10 yrs when we have to catch up.  *
#fakenews
NOT SEEING HIGHER PAY...must have only meant CEO who got the double tax cut...first cut on high income tax..then cut in personal.
Guess that means (according to the @WhiteHouse) you're not a "hardworking" taxpayer. Obviously I'm not either. #GOPLiars
Not so far. And, not likely.
No they don’t. America needs to revolt at the all the scoundrels wasting our hard earned taxes could rebuild schools, infrastructure , communities instead swindled by a corrupt president and his administration wasting our valuable income on foolishness.
Fake News!
Total bull shit! Wages are stagnant. Some got a one time bonus while the companies that have the bonus got a permanent cut. The extra money in the paychecks is also temporary. How will all these hardworking taxpayers feel when you cut their safety net to pay for your tax cuts?
#nope
Thank you
Thank you @POTUS not only have I received a bonus , I have also received a pay raise . DTE elec sent a letter out " due to the new tax reform our customers should be seeing a decrease in charges " . I'll take that 
Wealthy American !


Fake president Fake News
It's true! I'm getting an extra 10 bucks in my check and all it cost was a trillion dollar deficit.
That is a bunch of crap !!
And my family is grateful and appreciative. It has resulted in an additional sum of $1,960 of disposable income for us this year. Crumbs to Nancy Pelosi - but a real blessing to us! 
Hahahhaha!! Con Man in Cheif lays on a big one to Americans!!

@POTUS What about your crazy national debt ?
Does anyone believe this? I don’t know anyone for which this is true!
I Will not be satisfied until Lois Lerner is in PRISON!
Welcoming me to a much bigger deficit..
#GOPTaxScam
#TaxScamBill #taxgiveawaytotherich
doesn't anyone understand that credit cards run out eventually? Just keep spending like you print money.......wait, you print money? Carry on. #smh

Liar! Here's the truth: my check is smaller since your so-called cuts! Don't be misled, trolls!

Yet only 10% of American workers received any benefit the majority of those with a minimal 1 time bonus not a raise in pay. The majority of tax cuts are going to stock buy backs, bonuses for execs, raises for execs and company coffers. Your bait & switch fooled your base
Lies.
Nigel Oakes, who runs the group that founded data mining firm Cambridge Analytica, admitted in an interview last year that President Donald Trump’s controversial propaganda tactics mirror those of Adolf Hitler.
Fake news!
#LIAR #TRAITORTRUMP #IMPEACH #RESIST #TREASON #FAKEPRESIDENT #TRUMPSHUTDOWN
Trump delays filing taxes until October WH announcement today.
Wait. President says we are seeing it NOW. I'm not. What's this "will be seeing" crap? I want to retire. This is no time for a recession, depression, or lay-offs.
Now if you could get Congress to STOP overspending, we could get somewhere!
Prove it.... it hasn’t happened and guess what? It won’t happen !
How much are you seeing in your taxes?

This is the truth not what hey are telling u
Work harder to cut government spending
Less money for the nation to pay their bills.
As it should be
@ABC @NBCPolitics @CBSNews @cnnbrk @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @realDonaldTrump What about Ur healthcare policy? U have increased the cost of healthcare & made the cost prohibitive 4 about 20 million more. U R no conservative! #MedicareForAll is conservative!
Lies from the WH. The wealthiest will see huge tax cuts and the rest see nothing but crumbs. Stop lying to the people like they are idiots. They see thru your scam.
Trump’s labor department reports that wages are not going up.
Another trump lie!
Corporations get their huge tax cut this year. Americans have to wait until next year. When that lower withholding catches up on next Tax Day, we’ll get to pay. #TrumpTax #GOPTaxScam
I do, not a lot but every bit helps, Thank you President Trump
Trump = LIES
Ahahahaha! Lies!!!!
Lmao!
Weldone President Trump.
It's a scam




My family has absolutely felt the positive difference of Tax Reform!  Thank you @POTUS
People will still hate him though cuz they have nothing better to do with their life but cry. I support Trump 100% good guy
I support Trump a 100%  he knows what he is doing. I wish the liberals will give him a chance!
Us next  year  delay  to summer  time  swimming pool  again
Where as our govt is deliberately busy to bankrupt us.
BS. No sign of it yet. Rich people give a way. Guess ordinary people weren't invited to the party. #GOPTaxScam
REPUBLIC OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA IS GRATEFUL PRESIDENT TRUMP!KEEPON KEEPING ON TAKING OUT THE PEDOGATE CRIMINALS TRAITORS AND MAGA IN GODS LIGHT!
So, you don't care that Trump is a sex abuser? (He raped a 13-year-old girl, then threatened her parents if it got out) Or a liar? (People fact checking him find that he lies about five times a day). Interesting.
Democrats are trying to run away from the fact not one of them would give a tax break to poor working-class Americans!
Thank you Mr.President toady is my daughters birthday and she is so happy that our taxes and paycheck is  a lot better then last yearfor her birthday  Thank you Mr.President 
Until they don't - only the tax cuts for Republican donors (rich, corporations) are permanent.

But Ryan wants to cut SS and Medicare NOW to pay for those tax cuts, 34% of which are going to foreigners. It'll be 80% in a decade.
Wow. They make stuff up then call him a liar, WOW
Lies

Do not listen to #Bergoglio because in denying Jesus and His Truth deviates you from the Way traced by Christ: https://twitter.com/juventino5555/status/979738222887669760 …
Sweet!

I didn’t.
Propaganda and lies.

#GOPTaxScam is going to cause my family to OWE next year due to loss of personal exemptions, cap on SALT deductions and raising the low rate to 12 from 10%.
LMMFAO
Yet another lie all the money is going to share holders
Are you all going to take the RESPONSIBILITY when the economy TANKS AGAIN? From the same policies that gave us the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression? But this time you all doubled down on it, so it's going to be even worse this time. RESPONSIBILITY is all YOURS.
Paul Ryan Collected $500,000 In Koch Contributions Days After House Passed Tax Law - That's peanuts compared with what the Koch brothers will save. http://bit.ly/2ruWbdj 
The theory behind Trump’s tax cuts is exactly what gave us the failed Bush economy - Vox
Republicans like to pretend Bush's tax cuts never happened | MSNBC

I still work 3 jobs.
we can not rule out Japan as the center of the future industry. Win-win cooperation, international peace and market order are the first priority, and America is the center.
Japan is the largest bond issuer in Asia and a source of aid, and has Asia's greatest intellectual property rights and technology-production equipment, except for Taiwan and Singapore. In recent years, virtual money has become a problem, but
Bull
Lies told by lying liars.
Just calculated my 2018 taxes. 2017 = $19,000. 2018 = $22,500. I got screwed! Tax scam.
WRONG.  LIES, LIES AND MORE LIES.
Sure......m
The same ole, same ole you know what!
Apparently not.
bull
Smh, it won't work. They will roll back on the policy when we are back in recession
Lies lies lies! The @GOP is stealing from the poor to give to the rich! @SenJoniErnst @RepDavidYoung @ChuckGrassley @realDonaldTrump
I didn’t see sh*t this year plus, I still had to answer to the supposedly Obamacare mandate! I’m glad I had coverage because if not, I would had be f*cked. Stop lying to the American people. Also, I still unemployed since January.
