Thank you! By doubling the standard deduction I won't have to waste 2 weeks of my life cataloging my husbands crumbled up receipts and figuring out deductions for job travel expenses!
Sure, this is coming from the RCE Republican Criminal Enterprise of the United States! Just get out!
Paul Ryan Collected $500,000 In Koch Contributions Days After House Passed Tax Law - That's peanuts compared with what the Koch brothers will save. http://bit.ly/2ruWbdj 
The theory behind Trump’s tax cuts is exactly what gave us the failed Bush economy - Vox
Pay is soaring for the wealthy. What about you?
Main stream media lies. You guys hate loosing control. I not wealthy but got a 500 dollar a month increase due to the tax cut.
BS you lie BIGTIME! We already see the Pitiful Results! More pitiful to come. Republican Mantra” Hooray for me I’ve got mine”Crookedly “and I’ll be damned if you Poor are going to get any of it!”


TRUMP OYEEEEEEEEE
Keep telling that lie
Hey trump you got this.?
There is not much there to take. Wealthy people have it. How much if any is " Stupid " paying. How about his last 20 year.
Meanwhile, I’m on an installment plan to pay mine. Thanks for the tax cut man.
Get ready to pay more.   Corps and Rich all the breaks.

JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 

@Matthewcogdeill 
Mr. President, Simple solution to Jerry Brown's  state anarchy: Why not do what IKE did with the same behavior of Govs. Faubus and Wallace? 
Simply Federalized CA National Guard & put them directly under ur command. Brown wants to make a point? Whose boss then?
For who? The rich and famous?..certainty not for us people who has to work 2 and 3 jobs just to survive...
Yes, let them eat cake!

This is hilarious!! In less than two years .President Trump changed the tax code and WILL present a jobs act ! Unlike president chump . I mean peace prize . Mr laser focused on jobs “ this”year . Still waiting for it bozo !!
One more thing I forgot to mention in last tweet you’re all ...


Still trying to figure out how a c Corp tax rate of 15% is now 21% and that is NOT an increase to a small business.
Can we clearly see your tax return
Let’s compare Trumps tax returns, oh wait buffoon won’t release them afraid we’ll see how much he owes foreign banks

Oh please you mean corporate America
You know I live here in California and every morning at coffee I ask people if they got anything from the Trump bump and you know what they did Democrats are jackasses grab your tinfoil hat and your tickle me Elmo and go hide in your safe space or should I say insane asylum
We did-a whole $7.50 every two weeks. That won’t cover Autism counseling,ABA therapy or cost gas to travel 5 hours to the Autism Psychiatrist that we have to see because the GOP cut the funding in ACA which then hurt our specialty psych prac & he left this isn’t just a Dem issue
Obama told me on national television if I like my doctor I can keep my doctor if I like my health care plan I can keep my health care plan I had to declare bankruptcy because of Obamacare so you know what you can stick it
I have BCBS - not ACA - guess what before the dismantling of the ACA there were not these issues! Everything started b/c of the dismantling and these “rich want to be richer” GOP have pie in the sky dreams that end up costing us TRILLIONS in the end each time and it never helps!
Wait a second let me understand how mentally important you really are you’re telling me you choose a party because you’re poor and you want to be poor and that is the mission in your life and you won’t choose another party because you know what that party can make you rich
1/ I wouldn’t say we’re poor, working class. 2/ I choose a party that fits my moral life style, when the GOP abandoned programs for children and elderly they didn’t careabout people. 3/Autism programs and how GOP vote I pay attention to- they vote everything down FYI.
Time will tell
Enjoy your "tax reprieve" as long as it lasts. The rest of the world can just look on enviously. In my country they are planning to up all taxes and have raise sales tax (Value Added Tax) by 1% to 15%.


We all know this is a false promise.

Yeah and more tax payer money will go to Trump. I can see the poverty rate going down. Just wait and see. And I'll be there to say I told yous so.
But yet no change for 9M #USCitizensAbroad 

#FATCA  #FBAR #doubletaxation  #TTFI

Please level the playing field for us too
Thank you to “ TRUMP TAX CUTS “ in Next Tax Day The American people will save more money in their pocket...
Lies, they will be taking less of your co-conspirators I’ll gotten gains. President no dick
Where is your 2017 tax return
很好，造福美國人民
Simply untrue. Unless of course you’re a wealthy American.
Will we see your tax returns then? Bet not.

Good job! Speaking of jobs-I really need one...Please?
Ah, yes, because people think about that as they prepare this year's taxes. And no, nobody will see or remember it for the midterms.
We shall see...
That will be the end all be all for middle class and lower class Americans! WE ARE NOT ALL AS STUPID AS YOUR SUPPORTERS!!
Now time to screw the people
Yeah Right! All we will see is @realDonaldTrump still won't pay any Taxes!
Unless the Fu#king liberals get back in
I know that my taxes would be better. H&R block did a comparison and found that if trumps system was in place now, I would have made an extra $500 back. That's a big deal considering I was working for $8/h for most of the year. Now I get $11/h. Thank you @realDonaldTrump
I thought seeing more in paychecks was supposed to start February 2018
Vice President Mike Pence's Son Is A U.S. Marine... I Payed the Store Back. Satan is Evil. Satan Kill me. Im Sorry Ms. Drunk...
if the tax cuts passed aren't made permanent then we will be doing this old tax again.  Get the job done and stop playing politics with our pocketbooks.  End #LegalPlunder Now.
We have seen that the whole thing was a big scam. Gop so busy lying about it that they can't seem to do anything else.
And next year we will all
clearly see the 
Record Smashing
Federal Budget Deficit ...

Hypocrite Conservatives...

You are so fake!  Any minor tax cut  benefit will be effective next tax day, not this year.  Btw, the tax cut for majority of us is temporary, but the tax cut for the rich is permenant.
And our debt and deficit will clearly be bigger too.

Will it be easier for you to file your extension and not pay taxes next year on the new return?
#GOPTaxScam
LIES, RYAN/GOP JUST LINING TO POCKETS OF THE RICH.  TRICKLE DOWN NEVER WORKS.  YOUR FRIENDS ARE TOO GREASY AND GREEDY.

Watch out, they will TAKE from SS, MEDICARE AND MEDICAID!! To fill the rich man's coffers!!
Flat tax through purchase should be how taxes are collected!
Money earned should stay in the pockets of those who have earned it!
Blah blah blah ...
Not me.  Not my dad, a 98 year old WWII vet.  We’re paying more.  Maybe we’re fake people?
They will really see the results of Trump tax scam... Higher taxes for working class resulting from tax deductions being eliminated while the rich & under taxed corporations get huge tax cuts paid for by the working class.
Or as we call it, the trump fucking will be completed
Fool yourselves.
Tomorrow (and today) would be good days for @realDonaldTrump to release his tax returns.

@Cabinet @POTUS #BigRocketMan #NotAPresident #IWannaBeAMafiaBoss
Best
Next Tax Day in 2019, taxpayers will clearly see the results of the Tax Scam, as Washington will be further in debt than ever and be “forced” to provide less in assistance to people who will need it more than at any time since the Great Depression. #GopTaxScam
Know This! Tax collectors are THIEVES!
You can't even figure out what the fuck I owe you in the first place so you decide to give me money back anyway
MAGA POTUS TRUMP 
you can't even pay on line now
We will all see just how much you have stolen from us.
... and borrowing more money because of it."

You don't count a LOAN as income...
Then why talk anout it now? Nothing better to share? Seriously all of you are spouting a lot about taxes a year from now.


You mean, until they expire, right?

Nobody believes you. The deficit is going to balloon massively.
Right.

Yea!!!!!  Paid lots and lots!
Amen!!!! God Bless Donald Trump and God Bless America
Yeah, all you billionaires are going to cream it next April!
So will all your wealthy benefactors.
Lies.
Yahooooo!!!
That's beautiful
You mean like @realDonaldTrump  and his Goldman-Sachs Cabinet and the rest of their ilk. Today is the day Congress bends over and doesn't even get a kiss first!
It’s a tax cut, NOT tax reform.
Oh fuck off ! Liars     Corporations have already laid off 100,000 American workers in 2018. Meanwhile, corporate CEOs are fattening their wallets with stock buybacks thanks to the #TrumpTax. #TaxDay
You mean “tax scam”

Aren't we great again?
Trumpskiyevski 2020
Hopefully
Yeah right for you maybe!!
This is BULLSHIT. I've already seen what 2019 tax day will look like for me & my family. CPA showed me. Had to increase withholdings to offset loss of deductions that are coming.
Fake News like hannity, limbaugh, and all the rest. Propaganda outlet so@they can get greedier and richer.
Fairtax
#GOPTaxScam
https://americansfortaxfairness.org/trumptaxcuttruths/ …
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Yes!!!!!

#MAGA



Do not listen to #Bergoglio because in denying Jesus and His Truth deviates you from the Way traced by Christ: https://twitter.com/juventino5555/status/979738222887669760 …
Hopefully you’ll be behind bars by then! Stormys coming loser!
We just have to keep republicans in power.

This is gone from the site. It was never addressed as the site says it will do.

Are you all going to take the RESPONSIBILITY when the economy TANKS AGAIN? From the same policies that gave us the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression? But this time you all doubled down on it, so it's going to be even worse this time. RESPONSIBILITY is all YOURS.
I have more money in the bank than ever cause my employer can pay me more.  I don't buy services I don't need.  I eat healthy and pay my bills on time.  I don't use credit cards.  Tell me again how the middle class being out of debt hurts the economy.
Only for 2019, though. Every subsequent year, citizens will owe more and more in taxes while corporations enjoy their tax breaks indefinitely. #GOPTaxScam
Nope, 10 years.
LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES
Now the Plutocrats can *really* cash in.
Will we see prez taxes by then?
What?  My $1.00.
Next year we’ll be seeing @POTUS behind bars. #LockHimUp
Thank you, President Trump. After 8 years of stagnant raises & increasing taxes, you’re making my life and my families lives great again!
Except for those of us whose taxes will rise to fund a tax break for the ultra-rich, you mean...
Not everyone is happy. After loosing the personal exemption we stand to pay about a thousand dollars more. We both are retired teachers. How fair is that?
F u
Bullshit. I’m not a millionaire-it’s going to cost me more.
Will I be doing my taxes on a postcard in 2019 or was that a lie too?
#MAGA
No we won’t because most of the corps and rich SOBs won’t have to tell us how much you gave them.
Now we’re really fu ked.
Except the 92 million middle class tax payers your is going up that’s 1/3 the population and over 2/3 the working class
More taxes for New Yorkers!
   
      
Hmmm. Warren Buffet accredited approximately one half of his $64 billion profit in 2017 to Trump’s tax cut. That’s $30 billion taken out of tax revenue. How will Trump make up for that one tax deficit when all of his “friends” will reap the same benefit?
Ha ha ha ha ha what a joke
Lies. So many lies.
All you did was increase America's debt and enrich the 1%.  We won't forget come nov.
Bs. More GOP lies. #GOPTaxScam
This is awsome!!! I'm 18 but still pay over a thousand in taxes....... Can't wait!!!
Buddy...Kurt...

You're going to owe more next year, they're lying.
Sounds fake but okay
Yeah.  We’re already seeing the enormous deficits you and the GOP are piling up as far as the eye can see.  Irresponsible!!! #GOP #GOPtaxscam
I hope so.  We just finished our taxes and had to pay another $1,000.  I'm tired of paying more money every year.
Not as clearly as the billionaires and corporations that will save hundreds of millions. Can’t wait to see how completely they buy congress in 2020
Yeah, postcard forms for all I suppose. Not!
Our accountant already said we will owe more. Stop lying.
I live in Indiana a bedrock conservative state and my taxes will rise by $2000 next year assuming my income is the same as last year!
Your income might be the same but your cost of living is going to rise....gas, food, etc. Already happening.
WRONG, Every independent analysis of the #GOPTaxScam say it benefits corporations and investors but not people who perform labor for their wages.
Praise the Lord
