
Comey may be the most dishonorable person in law enforcement history!
I think there is a group of them. 
 
Comey
Lynch
Mueller
Rosenstein
2 fired, 6 demoted & 1 hanging by a thread
This is definitely meant for Hillafelon.
Seth Rich
The list has grown. It needs to be updated.
吃屎狗
Take strong action against them.  They are not our friends.
How come the value of the US dollar has fallen since you became our president? BTW YOU WILL DIE IN JAIL!!!
ViVa Russia
shame on U
Jesus Christ, you really have no idea how anything works, do you?
Not acceptable?  Hahahahhahaaa

You realize that you are over, right?
I M P E A C H 
Seven little letters gonna set us straight 
I M P E A C H
How much Trump are we gonna take 
I M P E A C H
Time to clean the white house out

INDICT, IMPEACH and EVICT TRUMP ! http://youtu.be/05EJDbcjT1c  via @YouTube

Trump (the POTUS) gets all his intel / info from Fox & Friends and Sean Hannity. 

If you're wondering who replaced Steve Bannon and John Kelly as Trump's overlord (for Putin), turn to Fox News -- the new bosses.
It seems Putin once again threatened Donnie with the pee pee tape.
Well work some of your magic, since you're such a winner this should be a piece of cake for the crime boss!
President Trump you doing it incredible job make America great again lock up all the sick criminals like Hillary and Obama what they have done to America
very soon your sanctions will have no effect
Why don't we just set the corporate tax rate to 0%? Is that what you greedy business people want? Even if we had 5% tax, you guys would still try to find a way to avoid paying taxes.

Deflect.
#EndTheFed
Seems like deflection from the #ComeyInterview to me.
На хую мы тебя вертели вместе с нашими китайскими коллегами!:-)
Oh, wait, you now disagree with Fed policy ... or you want to continue the trade war? #TrumpCantEconomics
So, just to be clear, we are shorting the stock market today? What's your ETA before market tanks -- approximate is okay, don't need full details as per your Inside Trading Crew. Amazon short, Tesla long?
What are you going to do about it? Tweet?
Yes... and then golf... next question.
Lol
Word of the day...

TAINTED ! 

Thanks for taking Hanutty with you dondon.
Go get them tiger
Wow, a businessman-fraud's version of wage the dog! Interesting idea for  the Monday after @Comey! @JoeNBC @SRuhle @SteveSchmidtSES
Speaking of money, will you be releasing your tax returns today?
Every 10 minutes a child in Yemen dies of entirely preventable causes. That’s about as long as it will take you to check your Twitter feed
On this day three years ago, Yasser's house was destroyed and he lost three of his children He had lost everything
3 yrs of war has devastated #Yemen, in addition to destruction of vital roads, bridges, & hospitals the education system represented by schools also destroyed, according to NGOs update nearly 4 mil children are out of schools.

 #YemenNotAlone
3 years ago obamah was in charge
Trump, Obama, George Washington-absolutely has no meaning who runs the country. From the first day the US is aimed only at war. This is the national idea of America - "Everyone will die, and I will stay"

America celebrating when trump is out of office 

(Song credit: “Supervision” by iamEROC....Here’s the Apple Music link to the full song https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/supervision/1342286693?i=1342286845 …
You're going to have a long time to wait to celebrate that snowflake!
Yeah, like November. When Dems get the House and Senate, he will be impeached.
Dems aren’t gonna see the House #redwaverising2018
Your next tweet is going to be the biggest joke on the internet for the next 24 hours unless you tweet again after that tweet within that time-frame, and so on!!!!
Wake up white people how could you go against trump
How do you go from that to that in 3 seconds
It's called multi tasking. The more intelligent people of the world are pretty good at it. Sorry about your luck knucklehead.
Really, that's your best?
I guess since it's monday morning the good MAGA trolls sleep in late

wheres Malaria?? hiding?
Please turn off Faux and maybe learn how a real government works.  There's gotta be some adult left in the WH that can draw you pics on the workings of Government
guess what? if you live in the US of A, Donald Trump IS your president.
He's a wanna be
he IS . doesnt have to wanna be. now hillary and bernie, et al...........
hehe
They stop your?
Just resign, please!
Not happening Tiff.
yep move on trump china Prussia done being fucked over man common
No they will not sad but we have you
Okkessss
Russia had every right to protect itself against US sanctions and economuc warfare. The US, UK, France have lied about Russia, Syria, the Skripals, Iraq, Libya, Iran etc...shame on you for being a world bully and cowboy. You're no better than Bush
US sanctions are actually HELPING Russia.....  and tariffs are helping China......  maybe that's why there were no more after dimwit nikki opened her trap......  and US wrote the book on currency manipulation.....  what an imbecile
ওহ্
One of the most important things affecting quality of life for all Americans.
My father died a year ago and made $ for me in stock market. We have lost much money w/ stocks crash. Decline every day because of your crazy talk. I'm sorry I voted for you.
Здравствуйте Многоуважаемый Дональд Трамп! Ставка это был прогрэсс в мире серьёзных людей 20 века. Но в 21 веке ставка это Постановка Театральной Композиции - Новая Серьёзность!) А граждане России и Китая должны Учиться дарить между собой подарки!
You make sense.
Do more attention on world peace
Michael Avennati is eating your lawyers up.  For a person who only hires the best people, you have seriously failed here!  Also just so you know, Mueller is coming!
It’s all talk
Give respect and stop calling are president by other names  the president of the United States is president Trump he was voted in to office please be respectful
Girl he cheated his way in and we call them like we see them piece of shit that's what ur President what ur President is. Know this is what I call him lil penis red eye racoon!!!!!
Never seen such a brazen president of the United States.
We lost 30% in the stock market since you've discussed Chinese tariffs. I lost most of my grandparents trust $ for me. I am heartbroken. I would have never voted for you if I knew this would happen.
suck my balls trump
Hey Trumpy Dumpty.  You silly little man. Look at what you've done. @realDonaldTrump
We are headed for a recession in 1-3 months. Latest 2019. Can't you see stock market rapidly declining every day!?
Idiot.
奥呦，好屌哦
All world knows that games begin from you and in all muslims countrys where ever american army stand they creat a problems
@GorskyDmitry don't worry Donny, your playing a war game that is far more unacceptable than & currency games.
You mean like the cyber war Russia has been attacking the west with?
So Trump and Hannity have the same attorney... and Hannity was a shameless supporter of Trump during the Republican primary.
 
Interesting.
 
It's all starting to make sense.
Sean Hannity and Donald Trump breathe air too. This is proof of a conspiracy.
SB
STOCK MARKET IS CRASHING. DO SOMETHING! RECESSION COMING. CAN'T YOU SEE. WE ARE YOUR EYES. I VOTED FOR YOU. HELP. I LOST A LOT OF MONEY.  Peggy Hlavaty
You've started this all cause you think you know everything.  You obviously didn't take in consideration that either one of these countries could wipe out the whole USA MORON!!
Pres. Trump, I know deep down in your heart there's goodness, but you're afraid to show your soft side bcuz you don't want to be looked at as a week leader. If you as a leader can go in the communities  get love by walking around shaking hands w/o worry then you're a good leader.
真的很贱
Best gifts for girlfriend, wife, lover and friends
Fit for all style of clothes
Suitable for Wedding, Party, Prom, Ball and evening events
Designer handbag will makes you more fashionable, sexy, elegant and confident
Does this effect Milk Bone Prices???
Seriously? What is most concerning is the person who is telling you this crap. Can somebody teach the man something soon here... he's the leader of the goddamn free world! Lawd give me patience.
#ResistMadness
#MoronsAmongUs
#HRCVideo #ReleaseHRCVideo we're ready!
弱智
When you say America First, what exactly do you mean?  You items in your gift shops are imported. Your clothing lines are manufactured in foreign countries. Ivanka‘s shoes, clothing, and handbags are all manufactured outside of the USA. That’s a lot of stuff America 2nd.
你可闭嘴吧
Русские тебя натянут
buy #cryptocurrency which is independent from russia china and also from us
buy verge currency #xvg
POTUS sir you are giving lots of amusement to all Americans. The past 14 months all news media mentioning your name. You should charge royalty to all news media and send the funds to disgusting NRA You are giving all Americans lots of fun at the expense of taxpayers WITCH HUNT
You started a trade war.  Of course they are going to fight back.  What did you think would happen?
There hang a big mushroom cloud above humanity. Caused by Illuminati governments. half humanity must perish for ego and money
#hlalet ridom
But you already know that china is the biggest creditor of the usa.

You're not very good at math.
Then why'd you block the sanctions Haley just announced? Why didn't you actually expel the Russian diplomats instead of just rotate the sitting staff?
You're not acceptable.
这么中意玩陪你玩啊
The Federal Reserve System is illegal and corrupt. #EndtheFed they have to raise interest rates now after years of QE and it will bring a collapse!
If you can sleep every night after you're prayers, knowing your good deeds out weighed your bad, knowing the Most High God has forgiving you for you sins, then your living is not in vain. But if you know what's going on which is evil then you're part of problem not the solution.
Yet, you again take sanctions off the table?
Next time you want to send Twitter, plz DM me first. I can sell my stock. Thank you very much, brother
Get the he'll out of office. U caused it all.
Wow I wish I could say you're kidding but I know you aren't pretty sad that those who struggle financially continue to and those who have excess funds continue to get more excessive funds, pathetic
I wish interest rates would go up!!! So retirees with savings can make some money!!!!
They dont emm want them hands bro
The dollar has gone down, get your facts straight
Just a way to justify economic fluctuations to cover facts percieved non-palatable for the broader masses
我真不能忍受你跟中國為敵。有機會的話，我要當面教訓你一下！
fuckyou
Em jogo sujo não se joga sentado e sim em pé, para o adversário saber com quem esta jogando. Muito bom guerreiro americano
Toca acuerdos entre ambos para que. Las .medidas económicas no perturbe .
Then the USA has to bomb China and Russ plat. With Iraq and Libyen klapt. Lol
滚你蛋，自己搞的
اللعبة في صالح امريكا سيادة الرءيس Donald J Trump
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/statuses/985858100149309441 … you are not acceptable.
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
将新媒体玩转到极致了
If only you could understand that this statement is false!
Things getting bad for you. Time to introduce a new bogey man. #TrumpRussia #trumppee
So what’s acceptable? Everything beneficial to u and detrimental to the rest of the world ? Come on Donald ... grow up . Stop whining and behaving like some Disney character ur namesake the duck for example.
Agree, interest rates are thru the ceiling.. It's like paying twice if not paying off balance before months end.. young couples suffer!!
I would like you personally to guarantee me that your not involved in the Russian conclusion. 1:Show me the Facts that prove otherwise ** Lets meet in person my office in NYC, The White House South or the peoples house in DC.

FuckYou Babe:)
作为一名中国人，我只想说操你妈的特朗普！
I'm a Chinese and I wanna say Fuck You Trump！
Have you even noticed trump,that about 5 out of 500 hundered of your base even gets on http://here.lol 
A trade war would be bad at the best of times, but in the current economic climate, it would be a disaster.
Donald you do not need to build a physical wall 10m high. You can do the fence 2m 3 metre high (chip) and then every kilometre or 2 put a tower (chip) where you can put a motion infrared sensing devices that can monitor the border near by. USE THE 21 CENTURY TECH. Save give to me
Thank You For Being America ‘s Truth Teller and Leader Mr. President  #MAGA
terrible
You are soon to be in jail.... SC.... southern district of New York... one way or another your ass  is going to jail....# lock him up....
太任性了，建国同志收了神通吧。
@realDonaldTrump, maybe Pence is going for your job, expecting you to be impeached, and that is why he hired Lerner, and defended him.  Problem is, you can't fire Pence.
They invest in Gold, which is a stable indicator.
I am concerned about the deteriorating relationship between the West and Russia/China.
May has low mandate in her house, but is barking like a Fox terrier, misleading her neighbours without proof.
Trump pioneered the use of the term  “fake news” to discredit any report he didn’t like. Now the same  allegation is being used against the United States abroad by  adversaries. If Trump’s goal was to debase the very notion of truth, he can truly say “Mission Accomplished.”
Welcome to the world, fuckwit!
Well Mr President I think it’s time we slapped their lips off
You are not acceptable- morally, intellectually or otherwise!
China is but Russia is just a mess.

russian sanctions... are they in place?  or have you lied about that too?
Thank you Mr. President for your leadership and will continue to pray for you to continue to have wisdom and understanding on how to lead our great country
They're your buddies! Call them and voice your concern.
I would Tweet about it, that seems to be helping?
RE Russia: please get your balls out of your purse.
Lyin David Dennison!
Lol
Pres.Putin is going Cripto currency, China invented it.
Strong Leader noble purposeful Donald J. Trump! You have not, are not and will not be shaken by the opinions and comments of those ignorant and deceived bunch. Keep focused and keep on keeping on to do what you do best with your great team. Glory to God!
Chill out dude.
Did u notice when Loser Obama was in power his policies were so bad The  Fed worked with him not to raise interest rates, but now President Trump has things rockin’ the Fed is running interference with too many rate increases.
Do you really know what the interest rates they are raising are for? It’s for borrowing not an increase on your savings.
Russia is your friend - or they own you! Or both.
Do you know more than “the economists” Spanky?


This is reality not a reality show Mannnnnn!
八嘎呀路
Keep punishing Russia for doing nothing bad, and you can be sure it will increase.  You shouldn't have bombed Syria after either of those 2 false flag attacks.

Farting, the yuan has been rising! Previous 1:8, now 1:6. The dollar is devalued!
True
see, its not hard to be honest. Thats why we're taunting russia. Just be honest about the oil / currency invasion in Syria
It’s not a game.  Gambling is. But setting the exchange rate is called work, working people deserve to get their fare share of what the government has been hiding from them.  The exchange rate is something all countries have come forward to discuss openly on the table
Shut up and learn more
Still no tweets this morning. Someone must have some type of control over you.
Shut up! You make billions in dirty money either way!
Your campaign conspired with a hostile foreign power to corrupt our election.

大美兴，川普王。USA Great again,Trump be King.
Liar
It's time that the United States to take measures for the game of Russia and China's economy
Crush and Humiliate the Trump Crime Syndicate.
Well maybe if you paid back your loans to them, we wouldn't have this problem. Deadbeat!
Не заняться бы своими делами в своей стране
ＹＥＳ!
I don't have to tell you to keep fighting President Trump you are one hell of a battler!!! God made you just for this moment! Beat these evil punks ... beat our hell out of them!!
you’ve said this many but you have not provided a solution
If you place sanctions on Russia and the currency weakens how are they causing the devaluation? Can't have it both ways. Lift your sanctions or accept the weak Ruble.
God bless you President Trump
You're very intelligent man just stay with your goal
Japan & China have been doing it for decades.
Go Trump keep kicking the dismalcrats ass
Trump is playing the market manipulation game for personal gain. What's the difference?
End trade with China. Just do it.
Is - the US aint raising interest rates! When did our government ever reign over the Federal Reserve Bank; the infiltrator-enemy w/n?
I would like to know, but why all this tension? Is it really that easier to live?
Go cry in your corner... you sent Missile #SyriaStrikes without any proof of wrong doing #WarCrimes #TrumpLies #TrumpJihad
They are heads and shoulders ahead of you in this game. Bad for USA to have a rookie such as yourself trying to play with the big boys.
Last time I checked, we still had a fiat currency...high time we transitioned away from it?
来人，上洗衣粉
