
JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 
@POTUS Keep lying

Thank you Mr President  you are a great man
Yeah that extra $6.59 a week is going to give me so much more spending money to revitalize the economy.. losers
We want to see more of our tax dollars! Let’s start by cutting the wasteful spending!  Sending billions to countries who shout death to America, who harbor terrorists. PP who kill millions of babies every year. I appreciate @POTUS doing what he can for us, but we want more!
From the RCE Republican Criminal Enterprise of the United States, get the f out!
President Trump you are the greatest
We will see who has to pay next year
I sure Hope that if you Doubled the Child Care Credit you make sure that people are not scamming the system ! Does DC ever validate Anything???
What about President Trumps tax returns?
trump doesn’t pay taxes, because he is smart
Ha

As much I want to heart this, I can't help but wonder if it's true, and if it is, for how long?
Less money in government coffers means less services for everyone! More debt service, and the chance to default. #Winning #TranslateTrump
Great, frees up money that we can donate to peoples' Go-Fund-Me since none of us can afford healthcare *slow clap*
Look at videos on YouTube of people trying to get basic healthcare in countries that pay for it. Goggle the little details. It's not pretty, and people die. We have people coming from Canada to get surgeries done here that they have to wait for there. But we can still do better.
Need help with property tax deduction.
Nothing for seniors
And we have to wait a year for that to kick in...and in the meantime, the deficit is climbing to ONE TRILLION dollars next year. http://usdebtclock.org 
Bull. The wealthy got huge, permanent breaks while working Americans got crumbs and they go away. 
@realDonaldTrump, you are a liar.
BULL SHOT!!!
This is such propoganda
And pay for higher healthcare charges.
Hahahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha hahahaha haha
LIES LIES LIESLIES LIESLIES LIES LIESLIES LIES LIESLIES LIESLIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIESLIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIESLIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIESLIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIESLIES
As an employee of a fortune 500 company and one of the 2 major big box hardware stores, you'd think I'd seen a difference. I have not. Just trying to not get my hours cut like everyone else here.
@Matthewcogdeill 
Mr. President, Simple solution to Jerry Brown's  state anarchy: Why not do what IKE did with the same behavior of Govs. Faubus and Wallace? 
Simply Federalized CA National Guard & put them directly under ur command. Brown wants to make a point? Whose boss then?
GOP TAX SCAM THAT ONLY BENEFITS THE RICH AND CORPORATIONS AT THE EXPENSE OF THE MIDDLE CLASS!!!
That adds up to still poor if you are making 24,000 per year.,
Please let deduction of puppy children they need care like humans we love them like me humans bettter care will be attainable if we can write it off at the end of the year also kitties 
How much money has whitehouse directed to Dr menghle 2??????
Still need to go far lower.
WTG POTUS
Maybe people making under $30k.  A large segment of the population is going to see their taxes increase next year.
how long is that good for?  two years or four years?
This is fun really....I haven't filed mine yet. Here in the Ph...I want to know before I file mine:) Better late than scammed. I'm solo poor

All this is BS, smoke and mirrors to hide the enormous benefits for Donny tiny hands friends
總統先生，美國人民感謝你的辛勤工作
A few dollars saved by individuals, a trillion dollars in debt for America's future.
WTF is good about that?
And screwed all of us in the blue states ! We will not forget!
Trillion dollar deficits are far as the eye can see!!!
Also less money for schools, less money for hospitals, less money for services people rely on every day.
New $500 tax credit for dependent 17&older! Thank you since I wasn’t eligible this year for the Child Tax Credit! Now I’ll get one more year before my son heads off to college:)
Millionaire Pelosi says no. What's chump change going to do for you...and she's a genius
Ha ya what a joke. What to see what your taxes go to in a few years. Making America Great by Corporate Welfare!
Lies from Trump and his whitehosue.  That extra $1.50 a week won’t make a huge difference.
Higher national debt
What about releasing your tax returns like you promised? That’s right, you never kept a promise your whole life. Go back to that hole in the ground and bury yourself.
The whole $1.50 per week?
Another Trumpster lie! Hardly no change and who thought it was a good idea for a PERMANENT tax cut for the wealthy. Hey I know, the REPUBLICANS!
Rich folk are loving your
Tax Scam because they
don't give a f@ck about
the Federal Budget Deficit.

Hypocrite Conservatives...

AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAAHHAHAHA @realdonaldtRUMP YOU MUST BE JOKING  http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/383553-trump-asks-for-more-time-to-file-his-taxes …
Thank you captain obvious
And less money to pay for our country's expenses, aka higher debt and deficit.
And a whole bunch more debt.
#GOPTaxScam
Liar!
#MAGA
You are high
Thank you Mr. President for my Big Beautiful Tax-Cut! Just did my taxes and will receive a $3,500 Refund! YOWZA!   Keep Make(ing) America Great Again! And God Bless you! 
I'm so sure this is a lie!
Bigger national debt
Lies
Best
The republicans can’t do math, less taxes = a massive increase in debt that future generations are burdened with
Didn't they just raise interest rates due to inflation?
Anyone can make claims - we want the sources for these numbers!!!
How come no one I know got a bigger paycheck with the #GOPTaxScam ? Guess we aren't in the 4.6%
It just means your wallet is fatter as you slash the necessary functions of government. Resign.
Still havnt seen any change in my paycheck.

Thank you
Wow, strange  ! What I have seen is a letter from from my utility company " due to the new tax reform , you should be seeing a decrease in your charges " signed  DTE. Received a bonus and a pay raise. Thank you @POTUS 
And added a cap on State and Property tax deductions that punishes us who live in expensive geographies. So, thanks for nothing.


With debt in the additional trillions that will cause next recession.
This makes five. Still a crock. Not a single person I know has been helped by this “POTUS” and no amount of tweeting changes that regardless of troll assistance or bots.
With individual you mean toch people don't you?
Healthcare prices rocket at highest level EVER. Who wins ?

But how will you pay for it, please tweet a link to that part of the plan.
MAGA
Liar! I'm a worker with MORE being taken from my pay check. Don't be misled, trolls.
2) The NCGOP got a monopoly of power in NC by exploiting fear & ignorance from low info voters, evangelicals, and wealthy voters who want gvmt stacked in their favor. Look no further tha Feces Phil Berger or 1 term McCrory for proof.
1) Dallas Woodhouse said “Running against the hard left will be to our advantage in these districts. At the end of the day voters will make their decisions based on tax policies and other policies that affect their lives." I call BS.
But they will not have access to health care of social security anymore. So the opposite is true. Fucking of the American people.
Too bad my healthcare went up 40% and wiped away the meager savings of your corporate tax plan.

Reading numerous comments here, it's obvious that liberals don't deserve any tax cuts.
So liberals, send the IRS as much as you want. They'll be glad to accept it.
The rest of us will take our tax cut.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Yes, even @SpeakerRyan  is touting the $1.50 per pay check increase for ordinary people. I  think you IDIOTS should continue to talk about it till election this  November.
Lies.
Fake News anything to try to distract from this corrupt swamp administration. Crooked trump hope we can lock you up where you really belong. Then you can learn how to be a moral human being.
B-e-a-utiful!!!
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Americans will pay more in taxes in '19! Americans know ur tax scam gives 2 rich on backs of hard-working, middle-class families! We're going 2 vote u all out of office in '18 & '20! #BlueWave #BlueTsunami #vote
Not me. I'm one of the screwed.
Lies
Trump = LIES
Great news.  I wish someone would check into what Texas did to educators a number of years ago. Educators can not draw Social Security and Teacher Retirement, yet everyone else receives their retirement and SS.  Why is this?
Michael Cohen, Stormy Daniels, Michael Cohen, Stormy Daniels, Michael Cohen, Stormy Daniels, Michael Cohen, Stormy Daniels, Michael Cohen, Stormy Daniels, Michael Cohen, Stormy Daniels, Michael Cohen, Stormy Daniels, Michael Cohen, Stormy Daniels, Michael Cohen, Stormy Daniels
Really pushing their tax scam, we all know it's mainly lies. Only the wealthy are benefiting. Remember this in November.
Eliminate Estate Tax, giving $1 billion to the Trump family alone. #GOPTaxScam
#GOPTaxScam
Less money taken out of their paychecks will mean more money owed at tax time next year. We actually are not as stupid as you think. #notonepenny #ImpeachTrump #TrumpCrimeFamily #Resist
LIES.
#MAGA
#MAGA

Not one Democrat was in favor of giving working class Americans a tax break!
Execpt I'm having to increase withholding assclown to prep for 2018 taxes as I lose exemptions thanks to you jerks.
What exemptions did you lose?
Good Job your Excellency.
Help Us in Nigeria @POTUS .
We are Dying like Chickens under @MBuhari Government.
Thank you
Where is our response?  You’ve removed it out of our petitions.
It's an out right lie, wtf is wrong with you people??
Thank you POTUS for MAGA. I am behind and beside you 100%! Drain the swamp!
Stop the lying

Do not listen to #Bergoglio because in denying Jesus and His Truth deviates you from the Way traced by Christ: https://twitter.com/juventino5555/status/979738222887669760 …
Nope, nope and nope. Making less. Paying more at the pump. Again...nope!
Woohoo! Did something new pass to replace that crappy bill from earlier?
Are you aware that not one democrat voted to lower your taxes?  Also that if only 10 democrat senators had voted for it, it could have become permanent
What about SS, infrastructure, wars, etc.?

Thank You and God Bless You President Trump!
Lies
We still have not dealt with the compliance problem and the safety-net.  Compliance wastes 6-8 billion man-hours or 3+ million highly productive people.  We can add 1+% to productivity by cutting that in half.  Here's how:
Less money taken out now means families will OWE next April!

#GOPTaxScam
Special place in Hell for all of you.
Difference between fee and tax .gov .net .org do.nt have something individually without"spoiled integrity"happen convince female spread legs chip off the block @navyfederal #ussstileto @westpoint_usma #powerpolitics #notcoldwar @playboy"right to work"been doing/this/be4 were born
Trumpettes are seeing their tax bills and are wondering where is their tax cut  guess trump lies to you too
Just think! You too may be able to afford an extra cup of coffee at DD every week. That is unless you worked for one of those big Corps like AT&T and Walmart that promised big bonuses for their employees which they then gave to executives and laid off thousands!
Blah blah blah. The theory of Trump isn't working here...if you say it long enough it will be believable. We're smarter than that. It's a tax scam to benefit the rich, plain and simple. #VoteThemOut
Less money taken from#fannie would also be an important step on the path to government trust and an end to #obamas corrupt leadership practices. #trump was elected to stop #fanniegate
Are you filled with hate?
$1.50 a week?
So why do the individual tax breaks expire, whereas the corporate ones do not?  Nobody has yet to answer that question.
#MAGA #MAGA #MAGA
Yes...yes...yes....great plan
NOT TRUE of all American’s paychecks!
Yes it is be happy become a Trumper
In the future they're going to be paying down this gigantic deficit you have created! Quality of living will go down and China will become the largest economy in the world. Thanks President Trump! Amateur President
More money to spend on the rising prices on everything. We are still fucking poor.

As long as the government still has enough money to run our schools, fix our roads, give Flint CLEAN water, bring power and food to Puerto Rico, pay someone to keep unethical business practices in check ...
Your lies and propaganda aren't working
Show me the money White House. I sure as hell am not seeing it. And I do not know anyone in my tax bracket who is seeing the money.
#GOPTAXSCAM
Keep trying with your @Lying !
I'm still with you President Trump!
Thank you.
God bless America
You lie too?
Like the companies are investing in their own interests & not sharing $? 
You forgot to add the checkbox for “Temporary tax cut for individuals that will fo away in a few years”.
Total BS , I’ve seen Zero changes in my paychecks ???!.
Nice try
And the more money the government will have to borrow to pay the National bills.

I think you mean #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachtrumpNOW before it's too late.  btw - you're welcome.
I wonder if Trump believes in God. Does he pray? Does he go to church? If No to any of the above, then why are the Evangelists backing him?
