@POTUS This must be beneficial!
What a great Commander-In-Chief we have!  Thank you
Sisters and brothers of mine and all close to the heart! Please, never forget!
And laughed up his sleeve saying glad I dodged the draft5 times!
I heard hundreds didn’t come cause of Trump
Stop the people gathering in Mexico to INVADE our Country! You need to immediately declare martial law along our southern border and thereby suspend due process to anyone illegally entering our Country. Warn Mexico to stop them or we will close the border until they do.
@POTUS has his heart in the right place when it comes to our veterans and military but wwp is not a @w_warriorproj is a huge rip off. If you donate to veterans groups donate locally to groups that actually care about vets and not their own pockets
u mean make fun of like the last time fool


American soldiers are not calling President Donald Trump a draft dodger. He won get over it.

No interest
We know the bush and Dulles cia killed jfk release it you lied why do we have to wait until 2021 national security don’t listen to your advisors steering you in wrong direction! Talk about pedophelia we know

I have already prepared for the visit of President Donald Trump in the UK. 
Good
You are a charlatan and a cheap and shabby imitation of a human being and the Host will not rest until your life is torn apart and your suffering resembles that of those you have hurt a thousandfold.
Happy birthday to our First Lady.
Thank God we finally have a president back in the White House that genuinely cares for the military and is finally doing something to help them!
You’re not familiar with the Wounded Warrior Project history are you? You missed the pr side to attacks on Gold Dtar families too I guess. And POWs
What is a Dtar?
Star
So what does Wounded Warriors that he met with have to do with stars?
Why not find a great VA secretary
It is almost time for trumps son to go war. See if he is enlisted. Have you check his family's millitary back ground??
Only 2% of the money collected reaches the wounded warriors. Great business model.

Will you be giving them Monopoly money. We know you never follow up on your donations.
Silence from the white house as usual. These people are YOUR base.
How does the @realDonaldTrump feel about the fraud waste and abuse that was happening caused by his own physician. Also, why hasn't Trump done more to address homelessness and mental health in veteran communities. Is it because he doesn't like winners?
Wait I that VP Pence??? I thought he was running around the country spending tax dollars to raise campaign finances for GOP!!
https://twitter.com/iraqbodycount 


onore ai nostri eroi
Shouldn’t need the wounded warrior project. The VA should be taking care of our vets.
Once again I have to go to FOXNews to get the latest Donald Trump tweet
Love america
Oh

A bit ironic that they are being praised by a five time coward and draft dodger
No they didn't make me forge anything.  I just went to Iraq and back then got in that gasmask room before iraq and that was it.


Oiiiii amiga!





THANK YOU FOR respecting, honoring & taking care of our veterans and active duty military. Jackson was lied about & 
 unconscionable that Obama threw mud. If it were true why did Obama keep him? O hates our military & aims 2 see you fail. When happens when hell freezes over.
Why should the constitution apply to this president? He thinks he is above it so now what? Oh yeah, court.
Wished I could have been there













Уважаемый Дональд Трамп!
Что происходит с защитой частной собственности в США, мы видим частная собственность прикрыта "фиговым листочком". Защита социальных программ военным грозит тоже самое?!
Wounded Warrior Project is a scam. Look at the  waste and misappropriation of funds for travel and conferences.  No credibility. Terrible organization.
WORST White House EVER!
WWP is an embezzlement scheme
The U. S. Media didn't even cover the HISTORIC KOREAN SUMMIT because they don't want to give @POTUS credit for the historic agreements of  denuclearization, everlasting peace, & the end of the war!  #interkoreansummit  #peacetalks  #남북회담  …
Did you let them know that @VP Con Man Mike and just tried to put your flunkie dope dealing doctor in charge  of the @DeptVetAffairs so your racketeer buddies from Mara Largo and Russia could PRIVATIZE it.?? Then all the Vets will have to suck wind to get any treatment? LIARS !!!
I beg you, I want to travel to America, I beseech you, my lord
Bless (bloom of finance)...flag (conflag-ration)...pour (daisies of firepower) exclusive to Western "cult"-ural advances (Augsburg, Westphalia, Kantian-critiques, Scotish-rite/Freemasonry/Amalrich:labor-rule), but absent minded from lady Guadalupe (river-for-wolven:anti-learn)???
Down with Israel
Down with US 
Down with Saudi Arabia 
Down with Bin Salman 
#مرگ_بر_آمریکا 
#DownWithUSA 
#اسرائیل_سقط
Kim Jong Un just agreed to denuclearization and everlasting peace with south koreas moon jae in... [#SPECIAL LIVE] 2018 Inter-Korean Summit #interkorean  #interkoreansummit  #peacetalks  #남북회담  #남북정상회담  #평화가좋아 #한반도…
izraelt felszámolni.minden zsidot eurazsiabol az http://usaba.az  usa vonjon ki minden fegyverest a http://xn--vilgbl-rta0m.azvilágból.az  usa népe ha nem hulye akkor a nyakan élösködö uzsorasfasiszta zsidokőmuves vilaghordát lerazza magarol a hadsereg es a szolgalatok néphez hu reszevel
Trump’s only true battle was in the bedroom.

 Trump boasted on Howard Stern’s show about surviving his brave challenges of sleeping around with women who might have sexually transmitted diseases.

“It is my personal Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave soldier.”

Listen to سورة الكهف بصوت القارئ الشيخ فارس عباد by Amin Stark #np on #SoundCloud
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems it's too bad that the Democrats did not care about our veterans! They won't give the president of the United States the ability to give a decent head for the veterans administration!!
Ohh...
So cute
POTUS doesn’t pay his bills. @realdonaldtrump
Do you know me?
I am soldier of general #soleymani.
And super leader imam #khamenei.
Iranian people all of day,next of pray in morning,evening and night,say
#DownWithUSA
#DownWithIsrael 
#down_with_trump 
Taking medicine that gives quality of life is a lot like the gun control issues. Taking meds from sick people and guns from legal gun owners won't fix either problem
We have chronic pain. My doctor just made me choose between two medications that I need because of the new rules.We need more treatment centers for low income people and get the dealers. The left want us to suffer. Hard workers put more stress on their bodies. They vote for you.
I asked my doctor why we aren't judged by our medical records instead of sweeping limits on meds. I'm not the only one who has to go without one medicine for another. Meds I have taken for a few years without any issues. Help us. Look into other ways to help us.
People are afraid to speak up because of other people who died and addicts who say that a broken leg made them a junkie. I broke my leg in 1999 and never got hooked on drugs. In a lot of cases it's a cop out.blame the meds.
In conclusion, spending days suffering isn't life, liberty and the persuit of happiness.
I always held a possition against the wounded warrior Project.The SGLI (insurance you pay for) will pay out $100,000 traumatic injury payment,you will be employed and paid until medical discharge,you will have no medical bills,you will receive disability if medically discharged

“When the aging gorilla is confronted with the much more virile, new alpha-male, he shows submissiveness by grooming the alpha-male, but the gesture is actually a vain attempt by the old gorilla to humiliate his much…
And some people will still call Trump all sorts of names
Simply pathetic
Under my birth given right as a GOD of the father original creation I challenge @realDonaldTrump for his seat in the @WhiteHouse @PressSec @POTUS @roguePOTUSStaff @SecDef and I challenge the one with no face who sits on the thrown controlling this world for the crown! #Alienday 6
The loves his people
I need money to go back to school 10000. G to fonish my Master hit me back
All I need Mr President isb $30000 to go back to my country I'm  very scared please help me go back
Mueller !!!!
Absolutely
No it is not, You are telling a big lie to your veterans. They fought for nothing, They were  wounded for nothing. That they were wounded benefited to only those who sold assets  and provided  services to the US Army in the field.
Sorry you don't know a REAL PRESIDENT when you see one 

Will #Trump haters always hate him no what?

#Bergoglio, in denying Jesus and His Truth, is deviating from the Way traced by Christ those who have the misfortune to take him seriously ...

Here is how @Pontifex deceives the faithful

…
BRAVO POTUS BRAVO!!!

Hey ass-hat @Comey, if Carter Page was acting as an enemy spy for Russia, then why hasn't the @FBI arrested him? My belief is a stroke that reduces you to a vegetable would be a good start in the karma column. 

This is why I find it easy to support POTUS. He believes in America, he believes that every member of the armed services from the revolutionary war to today deserve our respect and thanks for the freedom we enjoy. If you don't the you should leave this great country


Stop the insanity for legal citizens!! I learned today how bad the gov really is. Report said illegal Muslim r getting free housing food college education & 1325$$ a month. Stated it’s against their religion to work. This is US legal citizens tax $$!! Americans sleeping in tents!
https://www.facebook.com/amy.pemg/posts/159956194700764 …
How are u
.
Carry on
.
Charge on
.
MAGA
.
#MAGA
.
#CarryOn
.
#ChargeOn
.
Mr. President All Americans who serve protect and to serve are hero's. God Bless all who were wounded. VIETNAM VETERANS, who are veterans pre September 11, 2001 Vietnam Veteran are Americans who Americans want to for get.. God Bless All Vietnam Veterans.
My daughter is in the DC on a school field trip. The chaperones were told not to let the kids wear Trump gear which they bought as sovereigns. It seems a kid from another school was hit in the head by a woman passing by for wearing a Trump hat. What has happened to this country?

Yep.....
#LiarInChief
ابو الهول عندي سر قبل ما انام # كوكب جربا  + أشياء كثيرة أخرى ها ها

While appointing a disgrace to  head the VA.
What a great cause
I had a cervical fusion operation at Bethesda Naval Hospital and there were wounded troops from military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan in the hospital. The Commandant of the Marine Corps visited the troops wounded in battle. It was a moving and humbling experience.
♡♡♡
Your not as healthy as u say and your doctors lies for you and covers everything .
President bone spurs should not be there at all
I'm surprised he didn't brag about his Vietnam experience. Dodging STDs is super hard when the bone spurs are slowing you down.
You are a whole lot better than Obama ever was
theyre all white

Thank you to everyone for your service 
Thank God for @realDonaldTrump's heart for our heroes...
But yet you want to privatize the VA. Glad your nominee yes man dropped out

Awwwww poor baby, what's wrong President Trump wouldn't grab you by the P***Y

Te quedaste con ganas de una guerra con el coreanito.. jajaja

Our Hero's...warm, caring and truly awesome!!!


God bless USA and Nc
Taxes needs to cut down in North Carolina Greensboro
#PhonyPresident
CadetBoneSpurs showed his great respect & admiration for the veterans of this country by selecting an alcoholic drug dispenser as Secretary of the VA. He may have done a better job if he plucked the first person he met walking on a DC street. Way to show care for vets, Hypocrite!

I am sure they would have much rather been greeted by any other American President but had to settle for lying, cheating, traitor Trump.
@realDonaldTrump I'm a PROUD DONOR to WWP!  I know if my family member was injured, they would be there to help my service member!!Thank God for our brave soldiers!!

Grade = F - - - -
We all need to honor the warriors who fight because the mega rich and middle class don’t do it they all know whose game this is @2chocolatebeans 2 Chocolate Cool Beans 

#americasshame #americasdirtylaundry #hipocrosyinamerica #inequalityinperception
AMEN SIR! Thank u 4 ur support Mr. President.

OooRah Bro's

Thank You @POTUS @realDonaldTrump For Keeping Your Promises to Defend & Protect Those #Military #Veterans #LEOs That Swore An Oath 2
Defend & Protect America & The #Constitution

#OurOathNeverExpires
Bless our President Trump 
Draft dodgers shouldn’t be permitted at this event. Their cowardice sullies the event
President Trump is doing what he was meant to do, anything that happened in his life up until now, wasn't bad enough to keep him from becoming OUR PRESIDENT, so none of it matters
Thanks Mr President I wish some of these wounded warriors would have a serious conversation about the Democratic party and if they r voting for these loosers to ditch and switch while Trump is in office we need their help.
Glad to see VP Pence & President Tramp wanting to honor and support Vets.  Hope all the attention gets the charity back on track for the wounded soldier futures. Thank you for your service. FLOTUS dress.

Bone spur, draft dodging Don the Con.

This is a great story but @potus has left us with expensive crappy healthcare.  Please get us better options.
https://twitter.com/BNomadia/status/989634510647066625?s=20 …
Cadet Bone Spurs leads the pledge of allegiance: "I pledge of legions... to the flap... of the United States of A(mumble)... "
Every working day in the WH for trumpy is a bring your children to work day !
None of that money goes to wounded veterans
