And he better be approved or the wrath of all of us POTUS supporters will come down to each and every one of you that voted no. And we will prevail!
Believe me when I say, tRump WILL disappoint you when you finally see who he really is. 

Mark this as truth!
Oh my goodness, that’s not the kind of attitude a true American patriot should have! You should be ashamed of yourself for speaking about POTUS the way you do. We are all in this together, obviously you’re not. What a shame. God bless
The difference between you and I, is that I do not see him as the messiah, whereas you surely do! 
This kind of attitude is what changes and creates laws to protect your sorry ass! Don't talk to me like I'm like 5 yrs old. #DontheCon - let that sink in for awhile! #DontheCon
Well first of all, I have a great ass. Second of all, I believe in supporting People that have been elected into office. I stand behind POTUS & his ideals. I’m sorry u don’t. But there is no reason for u to reach out to me with such an immature response. God bless u
Oh dear...if only you realized just then that it was YOU who reached out to me first. 
If you didn't like my tweet, you could have scrolled past it, but no. You decided that you would try to make me feel "ashamed" of myself for stating an obvious truth about DJT
#Resistance
I’m not trying to make you feel ashamed, I just believe that you need to think past your ideology and think as a patriot. If you wanna live in A socialist society that’s fine. But, I will fight to the death that will never happen to United States of America!
You have GOT to be kidding me? What kind of person LIES about serving in the military? 
If you can lie about that,  what else are you capable of doing? 

He is NOT THE kind of person we want in OUR White House! We are trying to get rid of those types!
CORRECTION ^ He lied about being deployed to the Gulf War. 

Still...Who does that???

What? You're ashamed that you did nothing of substance while serving, so you make shit up?
Democrats are not for the American People, this is obvious.  They try to stop anything Trump wants to help the people of the US.  Several republicans I am completely ashamed of.  They should resign and change to another party.  Republicans get your act together.
One of these days some of the republican might in the place they need help, and no one will help them pass any legislation.  We will remember who helped the country and the ones who dragged their feet.  Paybacks are hell!
A little biased perhaps?

Mike Pompeo's way is not the American way. Reject him as secretary of State.
You have no clue friend,  just parroting does not mean knowledge.He was a star at CIA AND ALLhis education now he is not,  he was voted in before but cant be now,  please think it out for yourself dont listen to the “victims”
dear mr trump, hi i will pee on your face for free anytime and anyplace,email me,thanks.........
Shame on you for such vulgarity and disrespect! You should vent in your local bar or to the people who made such a story up. You obviously have no self respect.
This. "Story". Is. True.
An you please tell me what you are answering I cant recall
Mr. President, you're dead right about Mike Pompeo. Keep on trucking to MAGA, sir.

At first glance I thought it was a crowd of KKK
A person who lied about being in the Gulf War is the opposite of anything good. The GOP circus continues.
I will not support bigotry and xenophobia in the State Department
Please remember this man was approved by the same senate for CIA please recognize his skills rather than the hate the senators are imparting now on the same man they approved before. Please think about it.
Just NO.
#ConfirmMikePompeo #STOPOBSTRUCTION
#StopPartisonPolitics @RonPaul @HouseDemocrats @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
What about the VA? Desert Storm 91 veterans are getting sicker by the day. Chronic pain, kidney disease, Parkinson’s, cysts, skin lesions, neuropathy, IBS & Still our claims r being denied and good people are becoming homeless due to the government’s recklessness

sell out!
Onward Christian soldiers, carry the banner of the Lord.
Oh for heaven's sake! Drop the Jesus freak act already! 
This is politics!
Any republican who doesn’t vote for him should face severe consequences within the party
But will emphasize their common sense and understanding of our national interests!
Exactly!
Still not sure  which side of the fence $#%_&* Trump sits?!?!
Sounds like a winner!
Weiner?

Mike Pompeo's way is not the American way. Reject him as secretary of State.

Here’s how much Exxon paid 22 GOP Senators who pushed to leave the Paris Climate Agreement! http://www.bluedotdaily.com/heres-how-much-exxon-paid-22-gop-senators-who-pushed-to-leave-paris-agreement/ … 
I want to inform you that THIS is the kind of emails I receive in the name of the GOP and I find it to be extremely in bad taste and appalling. This behavior is unbecoming of the GOP and needs to STOP now.  Do YOU CONDONE THIS?  If not, then STOP IT.
Yes he is
Go for it
Remind us how great Pruitt is.
Mike Pompeo is the wrong man for any senior leadership position in our government and about the worst possible man for Secretary of State.  His oft-stated anti- Muslim positions will jeopardize complex relations with Muslim majority countries and embarrass the U.S. everywhere!
So? He’s still the wrong man for ANY government job.
Not
Blech. Why waste your time?
Pompeii is a racist, religion bigot who shouldn’t be allowed to speak on behalf of this great country at all, let alone as an official of the government. Get real, do a itty-bitty bit of research, and quit cowtowing to Trump
You know the hill is part of that lying fake news Washington Post, don’t you. Whatever’s convenient!
HE'S NOT EVEN THE RIGHT MAN TO BE SECRETARY OF THE OFFICE POOL LOL
Everything appears to be a positive in re Mr;. Pompeo's experience and expertise to become our new man for the State Department.
If you are oblivious and lack understanding of the real world around you!
I heard a Democrat actually backed this guy?
We can't afford all the new wars he would get us into!
Parents, Mike Pompeo is a role model you should be showing your children
what in the world is wrong with those democrats? Do they care about America. Wakeup!
Like your endorsement brings any confidence to us? You enforced trump also, how has that worked out?
Build the wall
Eat the wall.
Well, he will have a short time of fame...
Let's put it this way... If Pompeo isn't confirmed as Secretary of State there will be hell to pay for the @GOP and @DNC.  We don't care whether you are left or right, if you vote against him, we will vote against you. American's are sick of the obstruction.
@RandPaul is voting against him.



I agree Mike Pompeo is the right man and should be confirmed ASAP
Democratic Party sues Russia, Trump campaign for allegedly disrupting 2016 election

So CONFIRM him, Bozo.  You have more votes than the Democrats.
Time for a new senate majority leader.  McConnell is not getting the job done.
Sen Barrasso and others need to replace him with a supporter of the @POTUS agenda.

Seems he has the dirt on your #dirtyLittleSecret #comeoutthecloset
#ConfirmPompeo
Everyone knows it! Dems and RINOs are being obstructionists. We need to vote out or impeach these obstructionists who are hurting our country!
Ty 
Ex CIA is not the right choice.
How can you get justice, when the unjust are in control?
Yes he is get him confirmed ASAP!!!
Mike Pompeo should be nominated if Dems stop this that is a disgrace to our country.
#ConfirmPompeo 
Tell @SenSchumer
To  STOP placing Dems above the Citizens and National Security of USA 
The @POTUS Deserves and Needs his Officials Confirmed.
USA NEEDS MIKE POMPEO CONFIRMED!
Nope.
Will change be there???
Must be a yes master...man
But some idiots don't like the answers about the gay marriage thing. As if that really matters in foreign policy.
Yea he's racist like u all
The World . All of world is in danger because I'm not respect don't forget I don't have the healthy to toff that. Im tired very
If more person in the world respect my they have nothing war in the world and no more stupid men thanking so much for nothing
Crooked Hillary Clinton and Crooked John Kerry confirmed by bipartisan votes, most of the Republicans voted from those Crooked. So the Democrats opposed nominations for what?
Talking about CROOKED do u know who's in the WH....apparently not !
Turnover rate great because he’s cleaning house. Getting rid of the trash
If chuck and Nancy are against it? Then he is
The article didn't cover his experience in diplomacy.   Can you send me the full endorsement?
#MAGA 
Your days on the hill will come to an end this election year
trump is very danger
Do you know English..if you live in the USA you should

ssc masha alaah
Does he have any foreign policy experience?

Will the Republican-controlled Senate accept this nomination?
Barrasso trying to convince the people of Wyoming that he is actually working for them... we’re not buying it, Johnny Boy. You sold us out with the GOP tax scam, and we know it.
Senator, why would next hire by Pres be any better than his last 20-30? Partial list:
Flynn
Priebus
Price 
Spicer
Gorka
Scaramucci
Bannon
Omarosa 
Porter
Tillerson
Shulken
List doesn't include those in Trump Admin that are unqualified/failing:
Jared
Pruitt
McMahon
Ivanka
Etc
Its right of president to find proper person for different situation . depends on time and events and value of other potential and............. after election he is responsible . we need to wait for result . bothering in way will not help him .
Eh dead wrong.
If he worked for anybody else than Trump he would be the right man for the job
Pompeo is a very good choice for head of the state department,Hell if crooked Killary was the head of state well that  makes Pompeo a huge jump up in the right direction .
For sure.

I agree, but dems playing politics.  Time to embarrass them Menendez, Shaheen, Booker.  All voting no for nothing but obstruction.  Show the country what they really stand for.
It is so sad the way the Democrats are treating this brilliant accomplished man.  They only want dishonest flunkies; that is apparent by their destructive  behavior.  How is this good for our country?
Hell no.
Tell  @RandPaul to stop being a big fat baby.
Yeah, not a confidence builder.
#SpinelessRepublican
Pompeo is owned by Trump. Just more swamp.
No, thank you.
This is going way beyond scary.
Get Mike pompeo confirmed asap. Great asset to the president.
I am sure as hell has fire this man can’t possibly screw it up as badly as Clinton did!
Thank you, Sen. Barrasso!!
I disagree with some of Pompeo's positions (e.g. Assange), but all presidents have the right to form their cabinet and their choices shouldn't be opposed except for extraordinary reasons.
Thank you
Thank you Im in Ky calling RAnd Paul to tell hm to vote for him we put Trump in and we expect Rand to support him
The Republicans doesn’t know what a right person looks like for a position in government. Look at what you picked for president.
Thanks for all your patience. We agree with what you are doing.

He is a terrible choice!!!!
#ConfirmPompeo
Is your mouth orange now?
#QAnon

#DeepState 

#WednesdayWisdom 

#TheRainMakers 

#DrainTheSwamp 

#MAGA

#KAG
Is the Mueller probe legitimate or a hoax?
You Senators need to "get to work" too
Wasn’t he just right for CIA. I bet Pompeo would even be great for Potus the one we have now is NOT Right
He is a true American, make it right Pres. Trump
Dems don't like him. We conservatives are behind him 100%.
He simply has to be the right man for the job if the Dimms don’t want him!!! #MAGA
BIGOTED PIG
@SenatorMenendez is going to be voted out of New Jersey. He thinks that he's got this state in his back pocket.  Think again.  Times are changing. @DHSgov will end Democratic voter fraud this year.
You. Are. Wrong.

Wrong. Wrong. Wrong.
Really No Meet Job My Bank Santan Money in My Account Really No Job My Won Business I No Liket Job I m Right Man Very Great  Respect United States of America Government Thanks
mike pompeo is the right guy to blow smoke up @realDonaldTrump's ass. and that's about it. #sycophant #yesman #Kremlingate #moneylaundering #muellertime

Anybody the trump supports, I want nothing to do with! Everybody he’s put in has seen fired or quit! Very bad judge!
HTF is in charge of the BS
Because he’s a Trump yes man??
Let the man do his job confirm him now
I hope the people of Wyoming remember that when you are up for reelection.
Yes
Are you kidding!? WTH is wrong with this congress. So immoral and disgusted by what we are living these days! Porn stars treason money laundering lying... it doesn’t stop! You are the most corrupt congress in history!
great man...confirm him..
Still a bigot.
He’s a bigot
It is because @realDonaldTrump wants him in this position I suspect. #Trump only nominates the #Unqualified #dishonest and #corrupt
Another unqualified person nominated for a Cabinet position.
Wrong! So wrong! He is an Islamophobic, homophobic, misogynistic shill for the radical right. That’s like, the opposite of the profile for a great Secretary of State. This cannot end well. Shame on you for supporting the Pompeo nomination.
I agree Pompeo is a very great choice!

He may have the highest number but he isn't the highest when it comes to a ratio
I hope you and your colleagues can talk some sense into Rand Paul.
I hope that can too. Why does he do this crap? Pompeo was confirmed for See Aye A, why not now? I’m afraid some we think are good are also going to prove to be part of the swamp. 
Wrong
I wholeheartedly agree! Far better than crookedhillary was in the same position that Dems fell over themselves voting for @SenateGOP @SenateDems @POTUS
Thank you for an informed comment instead of vulgarity by the uninformed and disrespectful..
Even Vesuvius couldn’t kill Pompeio 
Because your not paying attention??
Its a good job i like you Dan!
Ses propre
Smart, humble, Alpha
Absolutely the right man for the right job they better pass him along before we lose it all


Yea, he just crossed Tillerson’s name out of the last letter he wrote and inserted Pom Pom’s name.

God help you.
@RandPaul is right on this (and most everything else..)
CONFIRM MIKE POMPEO!!

WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE?

THE AMERICAN PEOPLE LEGALLY ELECTED DONALD J. TRUMP AS PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!!

NOW IT'S CONGRESS JOB 2 CONFIRM THE CABINET PRESIDENT TRUMP WANTS IN PLACE!!

JUST DO IT ALREADY!!

TIME 2 VOTE THEM ALL OUT!!
Clinton, Kerry, were capable enough and confirmed but there's a problem with Pompeo. SMH What a crock.
No hes not.  He allowed Russian oligarchs who were BANNED in the US to come to his damn office for a "private" meeting.

Screw you and the Russian rubles you rode in on.
pompeo? sounds It, diplomacy is congenital
Only if we REALLY want war...
Mr Pompeo will get the job done! He needs to be confirmed ASAP.
B/c 45 has demonstrated excellent judgement in his hiring practices, so far?
Like Trump has such a good record choosing the best people! Send one of the Kushners, or Scott Pruitt. Maybe the Mooch!
I wouldn't be proud of that. Pompeos as crazy as your lying trump is. Go home your toast. The republicans have sent their hate filled messages. Violence against minorities. Why anyone would vote for gop is. Their kkk white supremacist or neonazis.
Um you need to check your history..Sorry, it was the Dems who were and who backed the KKK
Bravo!
he is not   and it is wrong wrong wrong he was sent to nkorea
He's the wrong man for State, the CIA, the govt and the people. I don't know who you are Sen Barrasso, but I'll be watching you.
А что этот майк помпелио хорошего сделал? не знаем мы такого!
Mike is THE man

I'm sorry you missed his vetting.  Had you been there, you would have concluded that he has no other strategy than that of the Administrations.  He is perhaps the biggest YES man ever.  He is not the right man for this job.  STRATEGIES!!!!!
So sad these emotions.  The man has proven to be brilliant in education and practice, please get some facts, and think of the country. Groups are anly as smart as their most uninformed leader.  Be a smart individual.
Hmmm, I don't think a person from Serbia (you) should be weighing in on politics, people of occurrences in the US especially when you think those that live here and experience this crap should get some facts.  Stay in Serbia.
He is a piece of dung if you support him, plain and simple!
Hi Senator Barrasso,
When Lambo?
Trump stop retweeting, Vote No for Mike Pompeo the yes man.
Whatever Republicans voting against we the people see you

integrity???  LOL

he's an ass kissing toady, just like you
