Mike Pompeo has been sworn in today as the 70th U.S. Secretary of State. 
$20 says Trump fires him by Christmas.
I'm calling it before the start of the 2018-2019 school semester.
Lol!
Another disaster hire from the orange shit tornado 
No he won’t.
PERFECT MATCH...AND WILL NEVER REGRET IT!!!

I'll bet that as you stir your caldron you can look deep into the past, the present and the future.
Hey SNL, I've just created a new Sarah Sanders comedy skit for you!!!
Pompeo believes military should practice torture - goes against everything the US stands for and our military stands for. He's also against gay marriage, what a homophobe.
Whoooo hoooo ! Thrilled !
Until he gets fired! It won’t be long with dumps record!
Chin up Sahara! We got your back ! You are  Beautiful ! Your class! Your father is class! Sahara remember this war is bigger then flesh and blood! And you are a  honored guest in our home every time you’re at the podium ! Thank. You
The left isn’t proud of anything!!
That was quick.
Keep up the great work Sarah Sanders.  I hope my two sons grow up to meet a woman like you with substance, beauty & dignity.  Thanks for all that you do.  ;-)
I think Pompeo was a great choice. First in class, How could anyone be negative about a person that learns and works hard!!
He’s a very good and smart man!! He will do great and honest things fir America!!! I applaud him 
You are the BEST Sarah....sic um...ggggrrrr..
Make them cry like the SNOW FLAKES THEY ARE
I believe he will be a good man.
All he needs now is an honest press secretary
Sad trombone
Try to tell the truth one time. We all know how much u lie & we have stopped watching u! Get some moral fiber. Jesus will not greet u as a liar. C'mon! U lie for your own interests, not the interests of the country!
Sara you are a beautiful woman  
Not a diplomat.

Sarah we are so proud of you and all that you are doing. Don't listen to the evil bloody verbal assaults. Let it fuel you to press on more for the MAGA cause and the positive future of this country! We love you and your a smart beautiful strong woman! Keep doing YOU
"will be" is in the future, as he is not today.
"and the lie detector test determined....You are telling the truth!"
Hope is as  good as you ! Tell Niki Haley after President Trumps 8 Years we are looking for her to be the first female President of the United States of America.  Maybe you her Chief if Staff.
You mean 2 years don't you?
The whole 6 months he’s there until he quits or gets fired.
#WRONG
He is a clear and present danger to all things alive. He is part of the hypocritical swamp—all things that make our once great country deplorable.
I'm 90% sure you tweeted the exact same thing with Rex Tillerson.  

I'm waiting to tee off for 18 in this gorgeous Michigan Spring so I'm too lazy to dig through your shitty tweets and prove it.

Super congratulations
Just another rat in the walls.
Yeah, right.
How does he feel about working with you?
Lol...liberal heads explode!  Not only does President Trump live rent free in their minds, apparently Sarah also lives there...no room left for any rational thought!
CNN's giving credit to the Trumpster for North & South Korea talking.  How long before Pompeo (or Trump ( messes it up?
Good to hear that from you
He is a war hawk and not a contemporary leader.
Congratulations on confirming the 70th Secretarty of State, @PressSec! Can you give us a peek at who is lined up for #71?

Lol YOU are going to HELL!

He already is!
Praying for you!
ANOTHER CAREER BITES THE DUST!
@POTUS CAN HE HELP BABY ALFIE IN BRITAIN? THEYRE SO CALLED FRIENDS BUT DENY BABY RIGHT TO BE TREATED HERE. HE WILL DIE LIKE OTHERS
WARMONGER!

Mike Pompeo received more money from the Koch brothers than any other federal politician. The 11 Senators on the foreign relations committee who voted to confirm Pompeo as Secretary of State received a combined $705,415 from Koch Industries. 
…
He's going to be a huge asset for the Trump Administration...once again Ty.Ty.Ty President Trump!! <3
Another soon-to-be-fired loser joins these assclowns.
Sec. Pompeo has already demonstrated his ability. He will continue helping POTUS to move the USA forward towards the return to our rightful place as the preeminent world power. #MAGA
Crush and Humiliate the Trump Crime Syndicate!
Birds of a feather, Sarah, tell lies together.
You should know.
Sarah how do you sleep at night? With all the lies you tell American each day.
Minus 1.
God Bless You Secretary Pompeo
Just like all the predecessors who have been sacked before him.
Be proud now... he may be great but he’ll be gone by the end of the year
We will be at war with some country in 2 to 3 years. Our brave men and women in uniform will die and you will lie.

I wonder what nickname Trump will give Pompeo when shit his the fan. 

Pompous Pompeo?
Pimple Pop'n Pompeo?
Poopy Pompeo?
Piglet Pompeo?
Your good at what you do sarah, proud of you. Dont let the hatin tards get you down. You got alot of people  , alot of people  on your side. GOD BLESS  you and yours.
U do realise you say that about all yr new hires yet most of them r no longer there. Nothing like a big fat lie to start a Friday morning 
Spot on!
Love how he lies about being in desert storm. But there are no records...hmmm
Nice
Sanders you couldn’t tell the truth if your life depended on it. You are totally Trumpinfected. No dignity. Ego driven. You’ll be shitcanned like the rest as soon as the Chief Ahole turns in you AND HE WILL.
About time. #MikePompeo will be great
Enjoy it while you can, you king of incarceration!
what a slimy person
Mr Pompeo was a good pick for Secretary of State

Cute
.  What's the point.
Good Kansas Boy!!!
Only Nixon can make peace with China like only Mike can make peace with Iran? Is that why the move of the ambassy from Telviv?
Pompeo is another "starve the beast" adherent. Wasteful.
Congratulations Mike Pompeo.

Republican Democrat that’s not Pompeo. Pompeo is a hard left Republican
Sarah you are the best keep up the great work we all love you 
@MikePompeo_ is going to be an outstanding Secretary of State! Congratulations on your confirmation! Wishing you much success.

He already has accomplished hopefully what was deemed impossible.. Great job and congratulations Secretary Pompeo@realDonaldTrump @chinaorgcn @Chinamission2un
Is that 3 now under the trump regime?  #losers
Roll on to number 71
@PressSec & Mike Pompeo will indeed work very well together--to the detriment of the country & all the rest of us. Liars and Sycophants Supreme.
How long until he is fired? Bets?
It is about time. The congress better get it's act together soon, they will be voted out of office.
See, now YOUR lying act is getting old & hackneyed, too. Jig's up, Sarah Liar, no one believes a word coming from the WH.....
I do

He was great with water boarding.
I think you’re about the only one looking forward to working with him. That should tell you a lot right there....
Another sad day for America.
#pornstarpayment
2 late honey...Donnie has already given him the kiss of death recommendation...
I wish him very good times till his end. That means 2 or 3 month. Hired and fired.
About time he was confirmed, Dems obstruction again. America is watching.
Always so darn cute to see haters taking time out of their day to show how childish they are.
Congratulations
sooie
you do not work with anybody   so far you are tolerated by the president but we know he is a lunatic   you will be out soon
Sarah sanders how does it feel to sell your soul and lie for a living?? Great Christian you are!!
Finally! Yay!
You're all fucking evil.
In no time, we’ll be paying for his family housing and parties, while the poor, and senior citizens suffer, for the tax cuts to the billionaires.
I'm a senior and doing well.  How old are you?
Doubt he will be good. And u get to continue to have to say lies on tv to cover for trump
Until he gets fired on Twitter by the goon in charge
Yes indeed!

Sad day for our country to be sure.  The swamp has never been more full.
Another Sarah SLANDERS LIE ! 
Wonder how soon his first 
"scandal " will take . 
He has already disrespected our troops by allowing people to think he served in combat during the Gulf war. 
He already has shown he lacks honor & integrity. 
Guess that's why he fits with trump.
Be nice
More lies to spread Frau Goebbles.
Hmmmm....let’s see how Dirty Donnie treats him....Dirtys track record shows a lot of trusted friends crushed under the Trump Train.....
Who?
Let the stop watch begin!
Hey Sarah did the president approve to have that scif,for tom Pruitt is that sound proof room for privacy so one can hear trump using the phone to speak to his comrade putin the Russian to pass on important intel to putin ?????



time will tell
Whoever took those photos needs a class in photography!!!

Will #Trump haters always hate him no what?
When is Trumpy going back on Fox and Fools @PressSec ??
No Silly Sarah, he won’t be great.  He’s already proven that.
@statedeptspox It’s terrible that NoKo’s Kim Jung Un is willing to sit down and negotiate with @POTUS Trump, but Dems won’t!?!

Think about it.....



Sarah.  Trump is using DEW against innocent Syrians.  Would you like to talk about that?  You know... Something important.
You are great, Sarah!
.... and have some more KoolAid.

Is he doing your makeup now? 
Thx for the great job you do Sara. I believe Pompeo will be exceptional.
Yeah ha ha he is a joke a man with a 5 grade education at thumping his own pocket with s stipper show style homie house in degrading city like West luiseann coon jugde how old 9 teenaloed the police as fast yeah big daddy boy coon liggoon modeikeikie mikie whow the chicken choop
Another sad day in America. I am sure you will instruct him on how to give opinions and not answers.
great...
Ok THIS is funny for 2 reasons! Will is ONE of those and you used his meme! Hahahaha
HOW LONG WILL HE LAST?  1 YEAR?

I am deeply touched by Secretary Pompeo's confirmation. I am indignant and angered against the enemy of all that is right, who speaks deceit from malicious heart in high places
Congratulations to Mr Pompeo!
Hell yes!
Wull you lie for him as well, Huckleberry?
What are you smoking Sarah?
We love you Sarah!
Now if we could just get someone to take your job Sarah.
Pig face 
As long as he does more than Sessions I'll be happy... 
Everyone seemed great until they are fired by a very #incompetent #ignoramus #dotard #liar-in-chief in addition to being  a #racistPres in the WH #IMO
He won't be there long by the looks of it. Neither will you big guy.
What war are you rooting for Sarah?

It's a good thing your Daddy's rich.  After this gig, nobody will hire you.
Iiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssshhhhhhhh
More Nazis.
Good—you two can discuss where you want to be when the Rapture comes.
Until Donny fires him!!

We know that you are proud working with crooks , con men, slime balls and LIARS
Pompeo is going to lie for me so bigly! Or else he is fired. Sad!
Northern Alaska is warming so fast, it’s faking out computers. True fact!

