Can we all say goodbye to 206 Bon Ton stores? Making America great again. One company loss after another.
Give me a break  people that believe that crap deserve what they get. Prices of everything are on the rise. Vote him out!
I have to say the penalty to ZhongXing is very wrong, it makes this Trade War personal. We didn't punish the U.S. company like Apple at this moment, only because Korea Samsung could be the biggest winner...
Are you delusional?
Coz oil pricing appreciating...
Way to go Mr. President. Please stay on point, God bless you.
My company just took bankruptcy and closed. We also paid in more in taxes this year.
Our taxes would go down even more if politicians didn’t use our hard working tax dollars to fund their sexual perversion. When will they be paying us back and when will ALL of the names of those who used the HUSH FUND be RELEASED?!
Yah, uh, next year isn’t looking so hot for middle and lower income taxpayers... especially those carrying student loans. But hey, the corporations are happy so there’s that....
On tax day we whom are the middle class are receiving more in tax breaks this year but our taxes will increase as the millionaires taxes decrease in the future. This government is about bait and switch. Unfortunately It’s with all aspects of running our country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpui89gsuWk …
state nickels are supposed to be for things you cant eat although they will register for anything but the monticello nickels are supposed to be for food and medicine
https://www.dol.gov/owcp/dcmwc/ 
No ones winning
Businesses are investing in their shareholders! No big wage increases here...only gas increases..
if ppl did not have to pay taxes then we would be winning.  Jobs + taxes is just another type of slavery as the FEDS and QE Unlimited and just print money backed by nothing.
In the first quarter of 2018, corporate America dedicated $305 billion to stock buybacks and cash takeovers compared with $131 billion in pretax wage growth, according to TrimTabs,
I AM GLAD FAMILIES ARE GETTING A TAX BREAK.ABOUT TIME.WHEN ARE THE SENIOR DISABLED FOLKS GOING TO GET NO TAXES ON FOOD & WATER IN MS.?*EVERYTHING HAS GONE UP: BUT OUR WAGES.WE SHOULN'T BE TAXED DOUBLE(GROSS) & STATE NOW.$700./$200 IN STATE TAXES, THEY TAKE.MEDS.UPTOO!GAS,RENT,ETC
Must be for the wealthy, not everyday working families struggling.
Funny. I didn’t get a raise and my taxes are the same. What a double lie.
National debt is skyrocketing!  The rich are getting richer!
Great now repeal #FATCA Mr President - for justice and business
So...we got tiger blood?
More propaganda
How about SHARING your taxes for the last 3 decades!
It’s amazing how much good positive news comes out of Washington. Just once I would like to see this so called good news in real life.
I pay taxes for the same reason I served in uniform - to keep America great. You avoided serving and said "I don't pay taxes; that makes me smart." If you were truly smart you'd realize America is already great, but not because of you politicians.
The working poor ( formerly known as the Middle Class ) We pay a higher percentage taxes, we are enslaved by taxes, while the Rich and particularly Trump decided not paying taxes is “smart”? Now you give them another tax Break ? #ShameOnTheGOP
Really?  Politicians will never understand the true cost of living.
Hell yeah 2 dollar raise. Keep it up trump!
The Tax Cut doesn't show until next year.
On this Tax Day, America is down but fighting back. Paychecks are stagnant. Tax rates are going down... And most important, the one percent are cheating. #GopTaxScam
Us 1%ers aren't cheating.  Obama crushed us.  He raised my taxes by over $134,000.This bill cuts them by $39,000.  It's a step in the right direction but we still need to bring the capital gains tax rate back down to 15%.  It's our money that we worked for, not yours or the gov's
MAGA
Ριξε μου Πρόεδρε καμία μετάφραση στα ελληνικά να σε διαβάζω..να καταλαβαινόμαστε.. άντε τζιερι  μου.!
Not true!!
Thank you President Trump!!!
none of this is true.  people are not making more money and many have lost there jobs because businesses are downsizing or closing!
Under #GOPTaxBill, 90 mil Americans making less than $50k/year see an avg of $192 extra in their pockets. Compare that to the 572,000 Americans at the top who now make over $1 mil extra/year. They will receive an avg tax cut of $64k this year. How does that make sense? #TaxDay
Were the light at the end of the tunnel then?
Socialist democrats want to extend tax slavery day by increasing taxes
You know what would make American GDP even higher? Reinstitute legal slavery. Poor people would not have to worry where their next dollar was coming from and we could save billions by doing away with the social safety net. Call it welfare privatization.
Liars!
Are you all going to take the RESPONSIBILITY when the economy TANKS AGAIN? From the same policies that gave us the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression? But this time you all doubled down on it, so it's going to be even worse this time. RESPONSIBILITY is all YOURS.
Paul Ryan Collected $500,000 In Koch Contributions Days After House Passed Tax Law - That's peanuts compared with what the Koch brothers will save. http://bit.ly/2ruWbdj 
The theory behind Trump’s tax cuts is exactly what gave us the failed Bush economy - Vox
Pay is soaring for the wealthy. What about you?
Trump claimed the tax bill would lead to a huge boost in business spending — but there's no sign of it yet https://read.bi/2Gd7lGp 
Yup, the rich get to do LOTS of spending now.  And they also get to retire about 20 years EARLIER than most of US will be able to!  (And the @GOP are doing JUST THAT!)
The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
Will we receive the $70.00 to be added to our Social Security; and if so when? Thank you.
Has Orange 45 filed his taxes yet?
Correction: Wealthy, white American people are winning.
This is so false. He wants to say everything is fake media well he is the one that's spewing lies.
Bullshit
Keep telling us this, but on election day, it will not be what you say my pay and taxes are doing, but what my pay and taxes are actually doing that will guide and influence my vote.
We win every day you are in office keep America Great keep Trump in office!
I can’t believe you
And so is Russia http://tass.com/world/1000430/amp?__twitter_impression=true …
So not true for everyone! We and many of our family and friends seen an increase in what Uncle Sam took this year. Guess we are not on your friends list......Also....it would be much easier to think of you as "Presidential" if you would stay off Twitter with your bias!
Too bad he IRS can't afford new computers
Isn't it great...every President has set an example of Tax Day for the American people. A time when we all have to "pay our fair share" to keep this great country great...except that someone isn't playing the game. We all could file for extensions but we need our returns.
how did filing go for Pres Dunce? When I’m not getting things done I take an inventory of my time, see where I’m wasting it 
And IRS computers crashed! 

Pass HR25 to implement the #FAIRtax and make April 15 (or whenever the IRS gets their computers up) just another nice spring day.
 what about the FED sucking and screwing you up?

Thanks, Obama!
#Lies
You are a bunch of con artists. How can you “Christians” sleep at night?
I dunno about you all but my brown eye's a-burnin' given what I just paid the government.
But no one could pay their bills online ... what a mess.
I am giving my $50.00 a month to the DCCC to take the House and Senate.
More Liesl
Where are the GOOD PAYING JOBS?
Taxation is theft, slavery. Needs to be abolished.
Stop your lying Trumpet
Your wonderful resident added a TRILLION more dollars to our debt. Hey, thanks so much for my kids future in borrowing more money. Just makes so much sense. NOT.
BS
If so it's despite your poor choices which in time will be seen as harsh, burdensome ones which unnecessarily alienated allies, missed opportunuties for USA to maintain influence and protect itself while adding massive debt with little to show for most American citizens...
...in short a disaster for the USA.
Did Lynch & Clinton have a video conference call with Bill, that time that they met on the tarmac?? If so, can we see the video??????????? PLEASE!!
Liars where 45 taxs
Fake news
Mister President, one more like or what? Tax Day winner are only the rich people, like yours. Losers are the people from the middle-class, the people that give you your President Job. 
WTG POTUS WTG
Thanks Obama!
Delusional or just a liar?
Not in Ct. What planet is this happening?

JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 

What planet are you on?
Where are your taxes?!? Lol you claim to have best people in your administration and  yet none of them can complete your taxes?! Hahaha you are hilarious but more hilarious are the people that are so blind and drunk on whatever you give them to drink... 
Yeah, riiiight.....
Total BS. How do I know? 
It came from the White House!


I’m now Trump-deaf
Lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lieslies lieslies lieslies lies lieslies lies lieslies lieslies lieslies lieslies lieslies lieslies lieslies lieslies lieslies lies
Trump supporters don’t seem to care that he doesn’t pay taxes, he never produced his tax returns a lie! He also said he’d be working with the people and he wouldn’t have time to take vacations like Obama he’d be in the White House that he hasn’t brought his clothing 2 USA #
No one is suppose to notice until next year if there’s anything to notice! The rich are winning the middle class are not! You Use more tax dollars for your vacation then you’ll ever give backYou failed to say “UR” tax cuts are causing the deficit to rise#IMPEACH #MEGA #LOSER
So you say.

FAKE NEWS
And happy,
Funny. My taxes didn't go down. They went up quite a bit. 
And we still haven’t seen Trump’s tax returns!! @realDonaldTrump
You only need huge taxes if your government is too big. @POTUS thanks for starting to change that.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. #MAGA
Jorge, get serious or get a brain transplant.
Fool!

An extra $7 per week for me but healthcare went up about $5 per week. So that net $2-whoppee. And next year, I’ll be paying MORE federal taxes going forward. Thanks trump and GOP for ruining my retirement.
The joke is on those that voted him into office.
Slight typo check. The 1% are winning.
How can you say we borrow 1.5 trillion dollars and were winning, the rich get richer, companys get permanent tax breaks and we are suppose to be conservatives BORROWING  1.5 trillion, and you tweet about it like your proud of it!
I don't know, President donnie. I keep losing money in the stock market because no one trusts you and your chaos.
It's not benefitting the middle class and certainly not the poor but only the rich.  Quit your lying.
And those airplane and helicopter owners get a bigger tax break.
Unless yu r a #smallandseasonalbiz that uses the #saveh2b program. If so you are left short handed & unable to do what your contracted to do.  It was the same thing last year, we can’t wait till July for an answer like last year. We need #returningworkerexemption & #permanentfix
Where is this great big tax cut everyone is raving about. I still had to pay tax so it doesn’t help me at all!!!
The deficit is booming.
Bullish.t..
100,000 laid off so far this year, and most of the change in the tax law is being used in stock buy-backs for fat cats to get fatter.
Yes. It is tax day!  Release your returns.

Small, short term gains for the average Joe while big corps make BIGGER profits. All the while, the debt is going . Sad 
Corporations are basically people.  Everything corporations earn ultimately goes to people.
How much tax are you paying to help care for our vets, pay for your military actions, care for the poor and elderly, or your own border wall? Are you paying your far share? Contributing to the welfare of your country?

Thanks for NOTHING
You know this is a complete lie.
No we’re not. Only in the fairy tale you call truth.
President Trump the job you have done getting America back on it's feet is amazing. Dems hate that you have done a great job.
@WhiteHouse
We need a thumbs down puttin
It all began with Obama pulling us out of the ashes

Look at the date. 
2017. 
This is an official statement from the @WhiteHouse. 
LIARRRRRRR  you’re a big liar 
Orange man where’s your tax return??????
Thank you GOP and POTUS MAGA
Enough with the lies. We live it everyday
It is an awful day for me. Just had to pay so much to the government. There goes paying off college. Thank you.

Been thinking this every since I had to pay what I had to pay this year.
My paycheck is smaller, not bigger...but maybe I won’t have to write a 4-figure check next year...maybe
Yes- america doing great but they care abt the rich making money instead of themselves. Why wd one care? Theres enough to go around


Really?  You INCREASED the lowest rate from 10 to 12%.

#GOPTaxScam
Liar liar....always feels good right up until the check comes...
Hahahahaha. We're not stupid. This tax cut was for you rich folk. Bet your kids loved the change in the estate tax.
No we’re not.  We have to endure lie after lie every single day!  drip drip drip... it’s like being water boarded!  Torture , you know - you support it.
My paycheck didn’t change at all
Will China or Russia buy out debt?
LOL @realDonaldTrump Your website crashed today. Too many people paying...
My dad just did his taxes. He owed a lot for a middle class person would consider. Since they lives pay check by pay check. Soooo no America isn’t winning
If you're living paycheck to paycheck, you're not trying.
AndThen IRS website crashes!
 Fake News 
Paychecks for the rich are climbing...the rest of us are swimming..upstream.

Tax Day is Wilson's Bane Day. POTUS, if only I had a POTUS that would take US back to the day of NO Tax Day.
Absolutely.  Thank  God for President Trump
Why is our President meeting other world leaders at his property instead of the White House? I do not see this as acceptable.
Another good question for the Donald
On the back of a trillion dollar debt. Who writes these missives? Pollyanna?
Release your tax returns! #Impeach45
No. And by the way, your inauguration crowd was smaller than Obama’s.
Not most of us
9th year of sustained growth- don't take all the credit dipshits

In honor of tomorrow's #TaxDay, here's a reminder that the #GOPTaxScam has overwhelmingly benefited big corporations and the wealthy — not America's working class. https://bit.ly/2GVbuir 
Yeah, but Sean Hannity!!!
Bull.
This is not true. My finances are going down and bills going up.  Im worst off then ever.
Thank you Mr. President Trump.
Just saying .......
Show us your TAX RETURNS TRUMP!
Not for me and not happy about it! Barely middle income - !
And the deficit kept on growing and the stupids just kept on paying........
By next tax day, Americans will see the Trump family in jail along with many of their criminal partners.
Thanks for my big return 000,000,000 zilch
As usual fool of shit.  You want to know what is going on in the economy listen to Professor Richard Wolff.  And follow david Cay Johnston
Oh please. Our taxes, blue state resident are on the rise.  Our real estate taxes exceed 10,000. Permanent taxes cuts for the wealthy and small temporary cuts for the rest.
It's a hoax! There are no climbing paychecks for regular people, just rich!
You cut IRS funding & they are still using Kennedy era computer network. Way to go!

Thank-you Mr. President! #MAGA  Best President EVER! 
Hm, makes me wonder!
Some people may fall for this but most of us know that the tax cuts were for the benefit of the rich not the middle class.
They were winning before, this has been happening long before Trump took office.
BUILD THE WALL

Amazing daddy.. doing what any other parent would do when they see the truth https://twitter.com/Charlen62835322/status/986312268093771777 …
you guys rock...I am blessed and humble to have you ...thank you .
It’s been roaring back for 9 years-8 under the great President Obama.
