
How ugly you are to post this. It shows you haven't truly listened to her or noticed what a gracious example she has been to all. Try a different thought.

I am uppalled by the people the people that have posted inflammatory remarks at @realDonaldTrump when He is wishing condolences to Barbara Bush and Her Family.  
You people have no morals or ethics. 
  Prayers For Barbara Bush and Her Family 
Liberals are so pathetic they think they are so educated , but they have 0 common sense! I would much rather have common sense , rather than spell correctly  they are to stupid to see they got played.  Look at mccabe they donated over 500k for his defense and even RR fired him
Um, being educated and having common sense are not mutually exclusive. That's where people always get it wrong. And I can assure you that you can have all the common sense in the world and if you can't express it above a 2nd grade level people will still think you're stupid.
Some people are very well educated and still cannot spell!
If they're truly well educated, then they know the value of proofreading. 

There's no excuse for it, really, except pure laziness, especially when the computer does it all for you. And when you try to defend it by sneering at education,  you aren't helping your argument.
Because an intelligent person doesn't make themselves appear stupid to "trigger" people they disagree with. That's the equivalent of shooting yourself in the face to get revenge on someone else. You know, if you people would just take 5 seconds to think, you might help yourselves
And the liberal nut case that burned himself to death to show gas was bad?  you dont see sane people doing that
Rip Mrs. Bush
She despised you. 
Apparently you do to!
.
The vitriol and ugliness in many of these posts makes me sick
 A terrific lady passes away. The rest is just an excuse to blather about hate. SHAME on you!!
I pity you. Such intellect.....
Is that the best you can do, weak and pointless sarcasm? 
I voted against her husband because he represented old money and connections. I liked Dukakis for his thrift.
Tu šaunuolis!!!!.
Um, she hated you. Zip it.
My daughter and I met Barbara and 41 the day they dedicated the Children's Hospital in Portland Maine. My granddaughter was in the emergency department the day of her funeral and she got a Barbara Bush teddy bear with a little tshirt with Barbara Bush's name on it.
No Melania did while you were golfing. I'd like to see who comes to your funeral with a sincre heart.....dear god you makeme sick

A class act & beautiful woman...
Melania has brought dignity & grace back to the White House on the level of Jackie O, thank you President trump for all you do for us...John
Mrs Bush knew a con man when she saw one.
Yeah she lived with one..
She lived withn an ENTIRE family of them! And the words "con man", doesn't come close to doing them justice regarding what the line of Bush men have done to our Country! AMEN!
While I agree that both Bush men were god awful for our country, they were nowhere as much of a con as trump. while I think the bush's policies were hideous they were men who loved their families.
Maybe do some research on Prescott Bush and his best friend "Gerorge Walker"... Then tell us about LOVE. I will give you a hint, it is regarding JFK. Jesus Loves You, Suzanne.
Sorry, I meant "George Walker"
Barbara Bush:  "I don’t know how women can vote" for Trump http://cbsnews.com/video/barbara- … via @cbsthismorning
Ruth how about hillarys quote, we all hang if that bastard wins...uae that quote
Did she really say that, because last time I heard it was Joe Biden who said that, but I don’t quite believe that either. I am quite certain that a benign comment was taken COMPLETELY out of context, like when Hillary did say that tRump supporters were a basket of deplorables
HYPOCRITE
You celebrated Barbara Bush's life, but not enough to fly Mar A Lago's US flag at half mast until the press called you on it? What a sad S O B you are, Mr. Trump! Ms. Melania, you deserve better in a husband... Ask the Obamas or the Bushes for sanctuary from Donald!!!

Hey Trumpy, did you see how Melania was all over Barrack at the funeral. You better watch her you know she hasn’t had any good loving in a long time
The President hurt Barbara Bush immensely by hurting Jeff Bush’s image. Only a mother knows how painful it is to have a son like Jeff Bush become the victim of bullying. A bully like Donald Trump
All this sentiment while your @FLOTUS is smiling the first smile we have seen since you took office(while sitting next to Obama) and @realDonaldTrump is playing golf. Hmmm...
We join our President and First Lady in our prayers and condolences to the family of First Lady Barbara Bush, may her sould rest in eternal peace. Teresa Nazareth and family
We know you didn’t write this. With all the horrible disrespectful things you have said about each member of this family, your words mean nothing. You couldn’t attend because your weren’t welcome by any one person in the Church, not even Melania!
Myself and my wife always admired this great lady,
Mrs Bush  you have done a great job have a peaceful rest,God bless you
.@FLOTUS Melania and i join the russian Nation in celebrating our collusion. Mueller is coming for me, so just like spicer, i will hide in a Bush.
If you were a decent human being, you would be at Barbara Bush’s funeral!  Instead of lying low, you go golfing. Speaks volumes about your lack of character!
You are a dork! Making a joke while giving a eulogy. WHY any women would vote for you a pathological liar is a wonder.
You could learn a lot from Mrs. Bush...integrity, morals, compassion, intelligence, communication...the list is endless!
And, who ACTUALLY wrote this tribute? Certainly not the president.
Your too busy playing golf and are disrespectful. What’s the matter can’t face all those you insulted? Du
You realize you’re not welcome there... go play golf to honor her memory.
The height of arrogance/narcissism is that you feel your security would be disruptive at Barbara Bush’s funeral  What security could be tighter than protecting at least 3 former Presidents.  No such concerns for Billy Graham’s funeral? Feeding your “Good Christian” base?
Barbara Bush arguably thought you were an ass. I'm sure the Bush family doesn't care what you think and are relieved you're not showing up where you are really unwelcome.
Too busy golfing to attend funeral.. You are truly an embarrassment and a disgrace!
Your a good man and a great President
How does it feel to be banned from attending her funeral.  Good, perhaps she will RIP.
Welcome @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo!... we love our President Trump! God's blessings to you!


Hey, holes, https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/987401768848928769 …
A Great Lady...with wonderful sense of humor...
Love You Mr. President...Praying For You Daily!!!
It’s a shame you cannot join President Bush at his beautiful wife’s funeral with all the ex-sitting presidents. I admire you with the decision not to cause more grievance for the family with extra security.Thank You First Lady Trump. Thank you for everything Former Fort Lady Bush
It is an embarrassment that you will not be at the 1st Lady’s funeral.  You have no class and you do not LEAD this country.
She hated you. The family hates you. America hates you. #remove
Yet you won't attend Mrs Bush's funeral because you might cause disruption. Fool.
Thank you Melania for showing respect to a great woman. Shame on you the great orange pumpkin. #americasshame #ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachmentMotion #impeach #dissappointment #GolfLife
They better Thank our President for being gracious rather then truthful. to speak kindly about a women so ruthless & vengeful because Jeb was rejected by the people. she took her anger out on Trump. giving her blessing to billy Jeb & George Bush to trash our President.
POTUS TRUMP—I strongly implore you to attend Barbara Bush’s funeral with FLOTUS! It is the right thing to do regardless of any ill-will between you and Bush family. YOU are our President-please go and represent Americans and show your respect! Take the high road! Thanks!
I hope these ingrates have a iota of decorum and Thank our beloved President for his kind words--PUBLICLY but knowing these clowns of disrespect i doubt it.
Our President shows nothing but grace. to the notorious Bush Crime family. but somehow these ingrates will find away to insult him. and i can lay money on it they will never thank him for his kind words. george bush is  disgusting, not a humble bone in his body, n entitled ass
would of been best to ignore this funeral, like President Obama ignored Nancy Reagan. at least Nancy was a lady 100% of the time.  unlike Barbara Bush slinging dirt at President Trump, brought he kids up to be just as rude. thank god they no longer represent our country
President Trump is more then gracious to offer nice condolences to a family of globalist that weren't gracious to our President. the old lady was rude & obnoxious at times. because mammas boy Jeb pushed her to do his fighting. Ex-pres Bush was also alarmingly rude to our POTUS.
It’s a good thing your not going I’m sure you wouldn’t be welcome
Thank you for your tribute to former First Lady Barbara Bush. Have you read the horrible things your pal Roger Stone has said about her? He has no class.
BARBARA BUSH DIDN’T WANT ANYTHING TO DO WITH YOU IN LIFE. SHE SURE DOESN’T WANT YOU CELEBRATING IT!
She was a big fan of yours too

John Dean "Surely, the Bush family is relieved for Trump is the last person SHE would want attending."
I had heard B BUSH - did NOT like trump
While you play golf, AGAIN, right 45?  No class at all, so sad. Aren't you tired of so much winning?
Most presidents haven't attended the funerals of former First Ladies, and yes, that includes Obama.
IS YOUR GREAT AGAIN. YOUR AMBITION OF SLAVERY, NOT JUST for BLACKS BUT WHITE WOMEN and teens OF YOUR DESIRE. DEMOGRAPHIC SEPERATION. WAR GREED AND POLICE AND MEDIA CORRUPTION.
MELANIA she NEVER THOUGHT OF YOU AT ALL.
But BARBARA NEVER LIKED YOU. She said we should take a stand against you. She thought you were the ANTICRIST. AN EVIL MAN..
So you are not attending her funeral. You would rather play golf and play with hookers. Whilst FLOTUS goes to the funeral
"I don't know how any woman can vote for Trump"  -  Barbara Bush
She doesn't even like u... w ur diaper ass...  she's not ur wife.. is the agreement u won't deport her as long as she pretends to be ur wife?
Heard you were told to skip the funeral because she knew you were a giant POS.

If there was any confusion on why Trump has decided not attend the funeral of beloved First Lady Barbara Bush...

You’re a bitter, thin-skinned child and a despicable…

#Petty #SAD

Trump said Vladimir Putin bragged to him about the beauty of Russia's hookers, Comey reported in memo. http://apne.ws/CTnTZOx 

I won’t attend #BarbaraBush funeral to “avoid disruptions”.  Disruptions like me live-tweeting during the service, or Barbara leaping out of her coffin to strangle me for all the nasty things I said about her sons & husband! Also because I wasn’t invited
…
Hopefully you will also show respect for her in person on Saturday as the leader of our great nation. Show them you are the best!
Couldn't help noticing you have 43k likes and Obama has 305k likes on his statement. Enough said.
Our statement on the passing of Former First Lady Barbara Bush: 
Why are you not going to her funeral? Golf round?
Soooo Mr. Trump attended the funeral of Billy Graham but feels it is NOT prudent for him to join 4 former Presidents in attending  First Lady Barbara Bush’s funeral?

Barbara Bush HATED you, you traitorous fool.
Resign.
Oh, Melania clearly despises you tii, idiot.
You cheapen even the most routine of presidential duties.
One of the few times i disagree with you. And thats fine

Beautiful Tribute to a Grand Ole First Lady  From Our Grand First Lady Melania and Her Husband  Thank you For Speaking Wonderful Words on Barbara Bush an Elegant and Reserved First Lady
THATS IT! A LITTLE BLURB WRITTEN BY SOMEONE ELSE? YOURE PATHETIC!
Like you care. Shame on you trump!

I don’t know for sure, but I would bet that Mrs Bush didn’t think much of you.
Come get your boy
Roger Stone steps up attacks on Barbara Bush: "She is descending into hell right now" https://washex.am/2F0qIkN  
Rest in peace
And you could really care less...
Are you going to insult her by trying to attend her funeral? You know she would not want you there. Will the Bush family allow it?
The Bush's would prefer you do not.  Barbara did not like you, not one little bit. Smart woman.
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/2042031292556581/ …
The 2 male bushes are one's I cannot, due to their secret society beliefs and actions, which R  contrary to God's Word.
Barbara Bush suffered no fools lightly. You were the biggest fool in her eyes. To her, you made a mochery of our country and the office of the president. And she was right. #RIPBarbaraBush
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @people
You edited out the date #Dotard  your whole Administration is stupid!
Suzanne A Wit
@Patherat1
How come your not going to the funeral Saturday. Don't want to face the Obamas and the Clintons. So your sending your wife.
Rip Barbara
Disgraceful Donald Trump apparently is unwilling to give up his “executive time” (laying in bed watching Fox News) for one of the most historic maternal woman in our nations history. Never since Abagail Adams had one woman been both wife and mother to an American President SAD!!
if you need animated logo intro video for your business, company, youtube, website and other..... only $5 (best service).... please check out my fiverr profile :
President Trump, you must attend the funeral of Barbara Bush. It is the right thing to do.


Trump: "Melania and I send our prayers to Barbara's husband of 73 years. I'll never beat that record."
Can’t get pulled off the golf course long enough to write something yourself?
Or even attend. Mar a lago makes more money for him. And we’re the ones that are paying for him and the Japanese prime minister to eat and play golf. Maybe have a talk in between.
Barbara was indeed a great lady who rightfully hated your guts

Phony condolence tweet, which comes after viciously attacking her two sons Jeb Bush and George W. Bush. And this is why I am sure the Bush family wants the Obamas, but not Trump at her funeral
FYI: Melania doesn't stand with you on anything (since you've screwing around on her for years) AND Barbara Bush despised you. Shut up and sit down, Mr. Trump.
There is no way trump said or wrote any of that
trump i doubt you are welcome. I dont think the Bushes like you
Barbara said no woman in her right mind would vote for Trump
You can’t even say a word about someone dying with out making it about you.  You FOOL
Barbara Bush hated ur guts. She thought you were scum
You must have skipped that literacy thing, eh?
Why wasn’t the flag at your golf course in Florida at half mast?

We got the whole 17 thing too..and the 2017 part too ;)..
Yes, RIP Barbra Bush...
Can't really call yourself a "germaphobe" when u keep having no condom sex with many different women in the adult entertainment industry...gross
And @FLOTUS , have some self respect. Dump this flea bag already, at least then we might acquire some respect for u.
BB WAS 1 OF A KIND RIP MRS BUSH
Not the nation just Americans. Dems are celebrating her death
By hating, down playing, insulting the RepubliTARDS... you are an incredibly stupid, idiot president!
I'd like to inform you that @BarackObama and @MichelleObama's wishes got more retweets and likes than yours. And he's not even the president, and he's a democrat. Thank you.
Trump's actual statement: I prefer First Ladies that didn't die. Weak.
Barbara Bush: "I'm sick of Donald Trump"
and by mocking her son ?
Why? She's Alesteir Crowley's illegitimate daughter,  her husband took over the Colombian drug trade for the CIA, her son facilitated the modern surveillance state, restored the heroin trade in Afghanistan, and butchered Iraq on false pretenses. You should piss on her grave.
Obama wrote his own speeches, you can barely tweet a grammatically correct sentence. Sad
May she reap the peace in rest that she has sown in life.
BB was devoted to her husband and family.  After the brutish, bullying, inflammatory remarks you made about her son and the way you clustered her husband among the worst Presidents to hold the office you now hold, you would honor her by saying nothing.
Strangely, even in death, Barbara is closer to George, than you are with your leased "wife unit".
Her wisest quote -

Word is she didn't think much of you. At all.
The Bushes don't need or want your condolences. You should have been kind to the Bushes when Barbara was alive if your are sincere in wanting to honor her.  Please stay home from the funeral.  I know this is hard for you to comprehend, but this isn't about you.
Lol Donald, you don’t pray.

She was a great lady
You're not fast enough.
