He couldn't run a college, his casinos, real estate, his steaks, ties. He became president while in Bankruptcy and he's in debt. But insist he's a great deal maker when no one in U.S. would give this man a loan. So he went to laundering money for mobsters and Russia! Right!
He repaid all bankruptcies, those that failed in the school were losers and so on. You don’t like him, just admit that. The stock market has reset itself like it has done so many times in the past. People are bringing home more money and spending more so the economy is better.
Repaid bankruptcies? He doesn't even pay his attorneys. He had a difficult time getting his first 3, and then 1 left because he's notorious for never paying. Now the RNC is paying his fees.
1/ ATTN TROLLS: Quoting another populist President, Teddy Roosevelt, whom you guys would have likewise hated (he, too, was an “America first!” man). You’re the “...cold, timid souls” mentioned. A link to the speech is below. You’ll love it — delivered to a French audience.
2/ http://theodore-roosevelt.com/images/research/speeches/maninthearena.pdfp … “It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.
3/ The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming;...
4/ ... but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly,..
5/ ... so that his place shall never be with those COLD AND TIMID (emphasis added) souls who neither know victory nor defeat.”
Sorry but South Korea isn’t even part of #TPP

You’re REALLY not qualified for this job. 

#Resign
@realDonaldTrump is actually referencing the current negotiations for the TPP and S Korea wants to be included if the USA joins. There currently isn't a TPP agreement. The current one is the CPTPP, look it up.
You do your thing sir, we trust your judgement!!!
Thank you for having our back!!
Keep in mind it wasn't only that it is a bad deal for us. It also gives other countries control over US! In essence, it destroys our sovereignity! Say NO to ANY deal that destroys our sovereignity!!!!
Great point thank you
You're welcome!
The deal is done! The remaining 11 countries just spent the last year rewriting the new deal that doesn't include the USA , you're lies are pathetic, how many of these bilateral trade deals have you signed ? Zero
Trump keep getting it done

#WednesdayWisdom https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.com%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F302704236414 …
@moreno2k14 @regarro75 @LHjerten @Jen_D_Oa @Lesley5549 @uGuize @abundant2 @ddunny56 @pengna76 @TJO2862 @runorknit @Gigasrex @Dave96675878 @JacksChoir @mvanwink1999 @SarriaPaul @TheRealAASN @Wallfryd1 @KimHunter22 @scottbutner @sjr8455
.@realDonaldTrump #TPP was killed because it failed America’s workers and it should remain dead. There is no conceivable way to revive it without totally betraying working people.
documentation required.
What Does the Trans Pacific Partnership Mean for Black People?
The same as for everyone else, not a lot!

@POTUS Dear Mr. President: South Korea is NOT in TPP maybe because they r leading world.  S. Korea also does NOT have H-1b or H-1b progeny destroying high-skilled S. Korean workforce. Hope you get confusion straightened out & END ALL H-1b so that Am. workers can go back to work.
While Japan & South Korea would like me to go back into russia for another PP, I dont like the deal, too many video cameras and my small slong doesn’t work. BiBladderal are far more efficient golden showers & better for russian prostitute workers. Look how WTF bad i am for U.S.
Thanks for the update Mr. POTUS! We love getting information directly from you! Keep working on an agreement that puts America first!
Was thrilled when you said TPP was dead. I dont know how many petitions I signed to stop it.
Keep doing what you do! MAGA!
South Korea isn’t part of the TPP
Ummm South Korea is not part of the TPP
Then stay out of it.
The United States is a laughing stock anyway  with you golfing 140 times this last year. You tweet out bullshit you heard on Hannity.
Just a man child fool that was installed by a foreign government.
#MissionAccomplished
TPP is shiny door with bottomless dark pit at bottom! Once in trapped and given up any control as world economy changes and promise it will change driven by environment; government; technology; war and mass migration! Millions leave these countries instead of fixing locally
I'm so grateful someone is putting #AmericaFirst 
#TPP was another traitorous deal made by war criminal pedo Barry Hussein  

This EX DEM is thankful.
Take down the #Cabal
#Qanon #MAGA
Sir,

Here is a list of countries that ARE part of the TPP.  Thought you should know what the heck you are talking about.  Don't want you to look foolish.

The member countries are Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam
You need to do some research. Your list are the countries in the CPTPP. The TPP was never ratified after the US declined. @realDonaldTrump is referencing that S Korea wants to be included in the TPP currently being negotiated.
You're stupid.
and fat
TPP , designed to fail and bring US down.That policy left with Hussein.
You really have no idea about NAFTA, TPP, never negotiated anything, never worked for anyone.  If you’ve never taken orders, you can’t give orders.  Resign now and MAGA!!!
Isaiah:45 Cyrus(President Trump) who was appointed by God to carry out His will and rebuild Israel's wall... Fast forward to today and President Trump(in the spirit of Cyrus) is called to Make America God's Again!!!!!
Part of the reason for concerns with diplomacy, sir, NAFTA deals have well meaning Canadian & Mex partners, U.S. maybe violated terms of agreements. Like 2nd Ammendment needs "taking out" for gun ownership, if old agreements revisited on clear talkingpoints,alltheworldappreciates
You have zero idea what the TTP is...
Pretty much every economist of consequence disagrees with you, but why try to surround yourself with those qualified when you have every Moe, Larry & Curly you've ever met willing to occupy the highest offices in the land?
Thank You Mr President, always thinking of the Best for the country. We Americans are privileged to have you in the White House. Blessed!!!
#president
#PutinsBottomBitch
#TrumpLies #Trump_and_Hannity_Have_Mutual_Attorneys #MichaelCohen #CohenFlipped #TrumpRussia
While you fiddle and play president, America suffers.  90% of economists see the TPP as beneficial for America.  Meanwhile, China takes over the pacific region.  Did you arrange this for Trump brand trade concessions for you and your family?   And how is your pal, Vladimir Putin?
不能让一个极权国家，无偿地免费地搭乘民主制度、自由世界的科技便车，而且还不遵守自由、民主的规矩，甚至还宣扬民族主义，挑战民主世界、自由世界，庇护流氓国家、邪恶国家。这是特朗普外交政策的核心。如果把特朗普只是看作实用主义的商人，那就大错特错了。他是个讲政治原则的新保守主义政治家。
I know New Zealand doesn't want you back in. By the way it's now called the CPTPP.
These trade deals are not like your little realestate deals. You lack the intelligence to understand them, and is not the trade deals that take jobs away but rather the lack of qualified and educated people to work with new technology.
#FatDonnieSmallHands
Anyone who has no capacity for analytical evaluation will have this thinking process as Trump has
Yeah, that's great but let's just use common sense and not vote for somebody thats trying to get u to give up ur right to protect yourself from THEM ok. Id appreciate it.
Also work to change the system that allows the majority winner of mass votes to be replaced by the loser through so-called electoral college
More than electoral college itself,it’s the mechanism of constituting that makes it questionable as its members aren’t reflective of choice of people of state. Every conscientious minded American is questioning it & wants it to change
Only Democrats are questioning it and ultra liberal professors who want to change America to a socialist country!
I would say only myopic and self-centred extreme Republicans are not questioning as they are agents of statusquo
yes but do we think this is a good time to be alienating our allies like japan and sk? even if its just for some petty trade deals....
That kind of thinking is what got us in this mess in the first place.
I understand and support protectionism. but critically, what i think is bad is isolationism...
I don't think what he's doing is isolationist. For decades now, we've only made deals benefiting everyone else but Americans. I think he's just trying to level the playing field as much as possible & he does it in his own way. Apparently the previous way has not worked.
He is still working with other nations, just doing it with our benefit it mind. Would YOU put other families in another country or wherever first before the well-being of your own kids. Pay someone else's bills at expense of not paying yours?
No that's not what I'm saying at all.. But in today's global world we live in, we do have to take in to consideration that our policies and actions domestically do face repercussions
Same applies to other countries' policies & actions affecting the US,  in many cases very harmfully
yes ma'am
Sigh. South Korea can't have sh*t to say about TPP cuz they're not in it. Do you not know that, or do all Asian countries sound the same to you?
I love it when they hyperventilate. Securing a Republican 2020 election!
Last time I checked South Korea wasn’t a part of TPP. Did they inherit USA place? 
Just because you don’t like something doesn’t mean it’s bad for the entire country.

Examples include, but are not limited to: truth, logic, reason, responsibility
China is strangling the entire world
Yes, Mr. President, you are 100% RIGHT! 

I Love Our America First Trade Policy!!

Best President Ever!!!

Keep America Great!

#KAG2020 
#MadeInTheUSA #AmericaFirst 
#TrumpTrain #TrumpArmy
No to Obama's polluted  TPP deal was the BIG  DEAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Funny my initials too. It will kill our planet tax pollution and build air and water purifiers smart electric credits
Do you know what "efficient" means?  Negotiating separate deals with a dozen other countries is not that.

Yoo stoopid.
How can you claim that TPP is bad for the US, when you don't know that South Korea is not part of it??

Someone has to create a comic book about TPP for you to understand it, cheese dipstick.
Thsnk you Mr. President. We need to protect our economy and our manyfacturing and mining people. Ametican Agriculture is still the best in the world

Japan and Korea don’t decide for us.
#MAGA
President Trump putting America 's citizens interests first. Making America great. Thank You Mr President!
I'm quite sure this list needs amending but I will put it forth nonetheless.
#AmericaFirst
South Korea isn’t part of TPP, little man.
#TrumpIsADimBulb
I am Japanese, but I don't care about TPP, or rather I would like Japan NOT to join TPP. 
JPN PM Abe is NOT Japanese citizen first unfortunately
Hey Donna,

If your the most transparent President ever - how come you still haven't released your taxes that you promised 2 years ago.  TOTAL COLLUSION - TOTAL COLLUSION
What the hell do you know about trade when you couldn’t even keep your own businesses afloat. Over 40% of your businesses failed and you would have crashed & burned if the banks hadn’t stayed on you about coming up with a solution!
LOSER!

#UNITY #TIME #NOW #disneyprincess
@grace_mariano2 @realDonaldTrump America interests First 
our president ....dirty and a con
Trump the chump....an A#1 con man
Mr. President , Thank you for looking out for our best interest !!
How many bilateral deals have you signed? How many countries are interested in dealing with you? Not one. You got out of TPP and have no leverage. You’re a failure.
This is a firm campaign promise I want upheld...We voted for bilateral trade deals, NOT A NEW WORLD ORDER
Hey stupid, South Korea isn't in TTP!
We Are With You ! @POTUS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP America is a business not a charity ! If we prosper we naturally help others. No Wars, America 1st, Build That Wall to keep out criminal activity, Make it Safe, Make It Strong, Make us Prosper Mr.Pres. ! We are marching with U !
Cohen is going to turn on you. You are going down. Orange skin in an orange suit.
South Korea is not in the TPP you useless sack of ignorant shit

Mr. president I know you will renegotiate t t p or keep America out of it
South Korea isn’t in the mix, you clueless Dolt.
Actually they said the next administration would be welcome to rejoin.
When you wreck the economy with you stupid trade wars, who are you going to blame.
Have you picked someone new or are you sticking with the usual, President Obama and Hillary?
Asking for a friend.
You go Trump, this country has eat enough crow. We have more might then given credit 4. You are in charge  of  it.
Oh yesterday you wanted it. Good grief.
Why would S Korea care about TPP? They are not part of it.  I can’t believe anyone voted for this moron.
Americans comes first, and our best interests
Donny Dimwit, S. Korea isn't in the TPP. Seriously, you're supposed to know this, not wing it. Study hard & memorize Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore & Vietnam. You're in over your head #ResignNow #Nationalembarrassment
The concept was to act as a hedge against China hegemony.  But that’s complicated to understand.  Xi is working circles around you.  Slowly expanding their power base while you erode ours.  This is not real estate or making money off licensing your name.
Watching your press conference with Prime Minister Abe and note that you haven't called on any legitimate news outlets, taking only softball questions.  What a phony, coward you really are.

Profitable to you?
The genius of the Great POTUS...America First & Always FOREVER
South Korea is not in TPP. Shouldn’t you know that
You're an idiot. South Korea is NOT part of the TPP.
NO TPP!!!
You just don't like anything unless it comes from you. You've already started a trade war which is NOT good for the economy or consumers pocket books. Should have never withdrawn from TPP in the beginning.
This is a very bad analysis of the situation.  By withdrawing, you have ceded all of these markets to China. In the current trade war, we have no alliance to offset lost trade with China. China has us in a vulnerable posture. Too bad you don’t understand trade at all.
You don’t have a clue and you lie non stop.
With you on this.  Good thinking.
Hi
سلام ترامپ جون چطوری
Wrong.  S Korea not in TPP and China doesn’t want them or US in TPP.  Why ya think that is dummy?
Pardon me, you're not worried about the American workers, you're worried about lining your pockets.
Those are pretty big words. Who write them?
Please don’t speak poorly of the American people when you are meeting other World Leaders.I heard you say that “people in our country have let us down” that shows disrespect for our country, it’s leaders and you.
While it hurts our economy and American workers, getting out of TPP is popular with Trump’s racist and ignorant base. So he does it. Base over Country. Why I hate politicians and believe 1 term limit for all political offices.
President Trump you have and are continuing to lead America in the right direction! We the real Americans TRUST you and your judgment! With your leadership America is re-establishing itself as the PROUD leader of the free world and respected by everyone else. MAGA! Thank you
TPP is the worst thing EVER for business owners and environment. Too much power to corporations, who have too much already
God Bless America
Judge holds Kris Kobach in contempt of court for disobeying order in voting rights case https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/judge-holds-kris-kobach-contempt-court-disobeying-order-voting-rights-n867261 … via @nbcnews @VP @IvankaTrump @WhiteHouse @DonaldJTrumpJr @mikefarb1 @realDonaldTrump
Wait, what? South Korea isn’t in the TPP. You never actually read anything, do you?
Sounds like you don't know that there is no TPP agreement. The current agreement is the CPTPP. S Korea wants to be included in the current negotiations regarding a TPP that makes sense for the US and S Korea.
*sigh* #45 signed executive action to pull the United States out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership on 23 Jan 2017. The 11 remaining members of the Pacific Rim continued trade agreements without US. The acronyms are secondary to the impact. But thanks for engaging.
No TPP!
Look at all the workers trying to come over here make factories make the pharmacist here make all the pills here why is everything made in India 99% of all are f****** medicine is Made in India do something
F*** you Donald Trump you're going against the f****** Constitution I'm lezo
Japan doesn't want U.S. to go back into TPP without U.S. 's corporation.
Like si lees esto
South Korea isn't even in the TPP... so either you don't know what it is or this is a tweet to see how many Americans have no idea what's going on as a census to get more corruption out while the sleepy Americans cheer on as the shit show goes unnoticed! Wow
From  Canada: just continue going . My humble advise : If you’ll get any deal from noko try to move them on our side but don’t try to change them http://overnight.help  them financially amap but don’t change government “like in Libya “ . Bolton ,Kudlow,Pompeo hmmm good
You don’t work for America if you keep going on with your attitude alienating us from the rest of the world it will take many years to fix your screw up

You left the TPP, now you are trying to get back in.


.
Sir, WTO was founded by your country.
Hi
日本がまとめたんだよ、TPPは。
アメリカに戻って欲しい訳ではない。


Can we plead section 4 of the 25th amendment please?

We are not an Island, we need the trade and it will hurt our alliance's!
Trump lacks an understanding of how international trade works.  Has he negotiated a single bi-lateral deal yet? 9nly has a few hundred more to go.
Its not a deal when a dip ship like you can double deal on previous commitments like you've done your whole life.
Is he a legally acreditted US envoy?
TPP is garbage, and South Korea isn’t, and was never, a part of it. You’ve been intimidated into caving in on something you haven’t even read. 
damn man, you really are stupid.
Good.  Because who knows what happens to all of us if you cock this up.  Here’s @LeeCamp to help you.  Maybe he should moonlight as your trade advisor ? (Pssst.  SK isn’t part of the #tpp)
你他妈天天废话真多
That is because you are stupid.
Agree
As a trump supporter with I’m
As a trump supporter, I wish some
Just remember you did nothing to convince NK of dismantling their weapons program. If anything he incited them at full capacity. We thank South Korea for hosting NK President, China for their diplomacy and Japan. Thank you for preventing WW3, the war Trump desperately wanted.
That is true if we need other countries to make steel money has to be involved in. More THAN one way
Do we actually have any trade deals or are we just selling shit on http://Overstock.com ?
finally, someone who is actually putting his people first...
VERY bad! glad he's taking care of us!
Lol Trump
The TPP would make the TPP laws overrule OUR CONSTITUTION. What kind of a DEAL is that??? No to TPP, NAFTA, NAU, period, end of talk on this.
Idiot. South Korea isn’t even in the TPP.
S.KOREANS (CONSERVITIVES) SUPPORT  TRUMP.

https://www.fiverr.com/shuvo_art/do-health-wellness-fitness-and-yoga-logo-designhttps://www.fiverr.com/shuvo_art/do-health-wellness-fitness-and-yoga-logo-design …
I'm so glad we're out of the TPP. Thank you Mr. President.
可以考虑……
http://Infowars.com  
What about all the stolen patents and trade secrets?  But it's all junk any way.
Righto chief! Good thinking!
Watching China take advantage and other countries, too! Trust you to keep us on Top!
Americans love you.
They haven’t worked a day in there life.  And now I have to pay in more SSI so they can set on there ass the rest of there adult lives just like there lazy ass parents.
When is the USA going to stop the grandfather system on SSI? I worked for 26 years got hurt was unable to work for 2 years could not even draw temporary SSI that I paid in. But yet these young kids are turning 18 dropping out of school at 18 because there handed a SSI check..
It is outrageous that you talk about fair trade when throughtout yiur life you have consistently cheated the suppliers and contactors and renegged to pay your debts to the banks too.
Wow! Who spelled "contingencies" for you? Bigly word for you.
