Lying is fun!
Where did he lie? Oh right , he didn't . Tax Cuts are awesome.
No

Great plan. Most people get the crumbs (if anything) and CEOs get MILLIONS. Their taxes are less complicated and they get MILLIONS while giving $1,000 bonuses to all 50 of their employees.
That is total BS. If anything, the paperwork is just as bad based on what I've read, if not worse. Also, as the years go on, it's clear from projections that the burden shifts to us, while corporations, the rich, and your donors keep the juicy tax cuts that were meant for them.
So my paycheck has not gone up $180/month based on new rates?  Better tell my bank it's fake money.
You might, but many people aren't seeing those kinds of increases. Since you're getting so much, perhaps you'll share your largesse with that secretary who go a whopping $1.50 per week? The one that Paul Ryan ill-advisedly tweeted about before deleting his stupid tweet? 1/2
I’d suggest that secretary get a better job

Price of gas going up tariffs raising the cost of everything! Yea helps a lot
VOTE IN NOVEMBER


What a sad example of a teacher you are to your students. So disrespectful of the #PresidentoftheUnitedStates. You should be anywhere else except inside the classroom teaching the youths who are the future of this beautiful country.
Until we do our taxes next yearshould have left it alone.....for the non believers wait until  this time next year. you will understand, on the surface it sounds great but it’s what is hidden under the covers that will come out next year..better start saving now
The resulting deficits will be the biggest in history too...winning!
According to H&R Block, if everything else stays the same, I will pay about $5,000 more in taxes next year. My 25 year old son, who earns about half of what I do, will break even. Who the hell got these tax cuts?
#trumptaxscam
I guess your momma forgot to tell you that if you have to lie, cheat, and deceive people in order to win...you're on the wrong team

There aren't any tax brackets that cause that kind of change in the new tax package 

You're just a liar...a [clown] that shouldn't be trusted
my tax bracket will remain 25%
my itemized deductions will be traded for a smaller (although doubled) standard deduction
those are facts
Better look again...There is no 25% tax bracket in the 2018 tax code. All tax rates were lowered except the 10% rate. It remains the same. If your income is between $38,701 & $82,500. Your new rate is 22%.
Thanks for the post...she needs a dose of reality... She probably lies to the mailman and the clerk at Walmart...some folks really can't help it
Not a high enough cognitive function to realize it functions with low cognitive function

Critical thinking is deciding what TV 2 watch
you seem oddly invested in my being wrong 
You want to lie to your friends and family about how much you paid for gas or what you bought at the store I don't care... It's not really my business, but when you lie about my duly elected President in an attempt to usurp his authority I make it my business
No lie here bud. Im middle class, my check in February that started reflecting these" awesome middle class tax breaks" went up a whopping $36 a month and are temporary at that.ask YOUR duily elected POTUS where I'm winning in this?
Why do I not believe my taxes will take less time to figure?
Why not support a much simpler and fair national consumption tax and do away with the IRS altogether Mr. VP?
I hate to tell you this but my accountant ran my taxes under next year’s tax laws out of curiosity and I still have to pay I have no benefit. He said if I was a business owner I have some really great benefits and if I was in the top 1% but I’m not.
But you still had to pay in last year as well. Regardless.
Yes I had to pay 2017 and I’m still going to have to pay for 2018 so there’s no benefit for me so what part of that message don’t you understand?
You’re acting like tax cuts mean you won’t have to pay taxes.
Since you don’t know me I have been a business owner for 33 years sold my business and I know exactly how the taxes work and how they’re going to benefit me and wether or not going they’ll benefit me I have a several accountants that know more than you do about my taxes.
No where did he ever say every single American will benefit. That’s not logical nor possible.
Look dipshidiot I never stated that everyone would benefit. Go away twatwaffle
Do you like tears with your syrup. #TwatWafflesForEveryone  #TrumpTax #NoTearsLeftToCry
#dementia #thoushallnotlie
U sure

Lies, all lies

How wonderful that more money than ever is going into the pockets of the wealthy! I can't wait until the middle class is wiped out entirely! Robots will do all the work and no one of significance will be unhappy! (/s)

Loading the debt on future generations so the rich of today can get richer. Gotta love that.
I call bullshit.
Thank you sir.
How could the Socailist Democrats try to say the tax cuts are bad? They are crazy.
Yes sir. It is Mike Pence Tax Cuts too. Thank you sir!!!!
Bot or just stupid?
You guys show the highest job cut rate in years. Just love those tax cuts, and how they are cutting, I mean creating jobs!
They brag they are creating jobs!
Because, their base does not research, and takes their word for gospel.
Thanks for your Stupid comment! Love it! Now I have your name! We can now hook up over the next 7 years and see how you're feeling! Don't hide! LMAO
You are so very welcome!
Yeah could the American public see How much Trumps tax cuts saved him and his friends?
Check out @mindyanns’s Tweet:
In honor of Tax Day let's once again call on @realDonaldTrump to release #TrumpTaxes & show us how the #TrumpTaxScam affects him.  If we want to help the poor, middle class, sick, disabled and all of our…

The serial rapist was 42 and 44 holds the worst president in history.  I fixed it for you.
Already, Mr President you've saved me $1200.00 this year, and next year looks even better, now if you can cut the federal government in half. Your third year will be $10,000.year for all American hard working citizens,that working people.thank you

Nice try. My taxes HAVE NOT CHANGED!  LIES from the Administration of Lies. What more can we expect?
Still talking about the wack a$$ tax cuts that has been past already haha does Michael Cohen represent you too ..? Asking for a friend
One day when you are living under socialism you won't be laughing.
You tweeted 130k time and have no following base ... that means nobody can give two ’s about your opinions so I’ll just do what everybody else does and ignore your thoughtless tweets
I have over 32 hundred followers. I am not in a contest on who has the most followers, twitter is not my life. I make my comments as I see them.
How many years will “I” be saving money? The only people this really helps Is the business owners.
Are you capable of starting a business instead of waiting and depending on the government? I think so. Maybe it's just a motivational problem.
Starting a business is no small thing, It is extremely risky.
Is it a risk you’re not willing to take or the comfort you’ve grown into? Again, come to China and see how hard they work to save and start a business. They do it with a lot less than what’s been handed to you. They actually produce value, meanwhile in the US most of you expect.
People work hard here but they do not get paid for the work they do.
Because of taxes and big government or because of lack of opportunity? Maybe it’s because of people living beyond their means?
Because of lack of opportunity.
Voluntary trade is how societies make progress, not forced coercion via legislation. The few people in the seat of power cannot accurately determine what's best for the millions of individuals. It's immoral and pretentious behavior. The market (individuals) does a better job.
OMG. The tax cut is for the wealthy as the corporations. It did not help the middle class or lower income at all. You are all despicable. And you raised the deficit.
Never in my lifetime have I heard so many Democrats care so much about keeping their money. Thankful this is bringing the conversation to light on how awful taxes are as government grows over the years. Hope they have the same attitude when a Dem president is in charge.
Never heard of soo many republicans talk about spending. It's democratic policy tht always picks up the pieces to Republican spending. And u call yourselves conservatives. Which social program will be cut to enrich ur pockets this time
How about we cut every single agency and program that isn't specifically authorized in the U.S. Constitution.

And #Repeal17
More fake news!  Tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations do nothing for the average worker.  And the "historic Trump" tax law increased taxes for small businesses while creating a windfall for large real estate investors like Comrade Trump and his Russian pals!
TRILLION DOLLAR DEFICIT - who's gonna pay for that?
The printing press, duh! Thanks big government.
This is a really stupid answer.
Maybe you think it's stupid because you don't understand it? They just increased spending and cut taxes. Therefore, they'll have to borrow more money to keep functioning. They do this mainly by issuing debt (printing money). It's not stupid, it's fact. Educate yourself.
Awesome deal
AMEN
I always believe that taxes should go by your income regardless of how poor or how wealthy you are the wealthy or get taxed more the poorest get tax least
Well the dollar isn't worth the penny's is spent on so thanks
Bullcrap. I pay and pay and pay  and never get zip back.
Yes sir,
Yes! but it also is taking away from Social Security and Medicare. I have just turned 65 in July of this year. I have been getting Social Security since 2016 due to Chronic Congestive Heart Failure and Severe Degenerative Spondylolesthesis( Decaying of the bones) 4 Heart Attacks.
Matrix online
Capitol building washington dc
Sugar mirrors signals due to crystals. Coca cola sugar fastest way out
Giá xe voirture cho tôi hien nay là 75 triệu VNd (Mas-da).
My new bumper sticker designed on Vistaprint
You mean the tax cuts for the super rich. You guys are a joke. I’ve almost always voted conservative but never again. This is a shit show every day.
No, it won’t. You’re taking away “head of household”. You’re either married or not. Single parents deserve that extra money that the filing status gives now.
Not just single parents, but everyone should be entitled to keep what they earn through work. Unfortunately, single parents will always have it tough and it doesn't stem from decisions made by government, but personal decisions. Those that get through it are tough nonetheless!
Tax cuts that only help your friends & donors.  Funny how the national debt is no longer problem.  HYPOCRITES
most people say thank you when they get more money in their pocket. Weirdos smh
It’s disproportionate & hypocritical. More money goes to corporations & stock buybacks than middle class. How come GOP Paul Ryan adamant about not raising the national debt now suddenly 1.5 trillion is ok?
the budget is the senses fault and I’m not proud of that. But because of corporate cuts millions have been given in bonuses
Bill Clinton's tax cuts were bigger, so yours aren't "historic".
That does not apply to all. I got a $30 benefit but my property taxes increased well over a $100 per month. It's proving to be a shift. The never ending taxes on property is unconstitutional.  We need to go back to Allodial Titles of being non-taxable like the old patent deeds.
Too bad you jumped on the boat of an Obama economy. Let's see how long it takes to end up back in the Bush yrs. You've already started to turn the boat in the opposite direction towards the ice berg
Simplified because you just passed a tax bill that said rich  people don’t have to pay anything. And the middle class and the poor don’t have anymore deductions! Yay! #TaxCutForTheRich #TaxDay2018 #TrumpsLackey
Don't have to pay anything? BAHAHAHAHA!I wish.Even with this tax cut I still have to pay $918,000 in taxes.The bill cuts them by $39,000 which is a step in the right direction but I wish Trump&Ryan stuck to their original 33% top rate. Still need to cut capital gains back to 15%.
Sure you do. #TaxCutsForTheRich
Good Morning

Now all the republicans have gotten their money so they are leaving their posts. who can even stand you and your team. #taxday
Why do politicians think Americans are all stupid?  Because we are, they tell lies or pat themselves on the back, & we say they are doing a good job. Trump calls it fake news... He is right.  Politicians are fake news.

Tax cuts for who?
Well ....everybody life with President Trump.
Just so you know I filed taxes for 6 people and it took me less than 90 min, ran different ways for best tax refund and filed.  And after running through your tax scam, less money next year!!  But hey, thanks, NOT!!!
We do not need pennies, give us millions like you to do the rich.
How does this sit with you mike ???
This was the jr miss America. These girls were minors.
It’s so creepy.  He is such a freakin sh*thole
Thanks for the reminder that your boss and your mentor has still not released his taxes.
More than $30 million is enough for anyone to pay, like he did in 2005. Enough for a lifespan, yet alone for 1 year. Seems you are misdirecting your anger to one individual rather than the government as a whole. They should be responsible with our money.
That’s absurd.
It's absurd that you think it's absurd that government should be held accountable and be responsible with the money they take from us. If they were a business, they'd be bankrupt. Nice substance btw. Your comment is absurd.
It is absurd that you think Trump paying any amount of taxes in a given year is more than enough for a lifetime.  

The tax cut has added to the debt.  So now we are going to see Social Security and Medicare cut.
You’re a little late. Those programs have proven to be unsustainable. They’ve had to borrow money to pay for initerest on our debt as well as for programs like these for decades. Trumps numbers are negligible compared to what we owe and how our government runs their operations.
So u cur those programs, which cost lives, instead of figuring some of the easy solutions to make them sustainable
It's a lot simpler when I can't take nearly the number of deductions I used to. I don't see how that creates jobs, though; I won't have as much money to spend, so I will have to discontinue hiring some service providers I used to use, or limit their services.
You cut taxes for very large *corporations*, not us individuals - I doubt those people are reading your tweets.  They're busy buying back stocks and giving themselves very large bonuses and raises.
You could always move to Cuba
Lies. Lies. Lies, Folks. What he is actually saying; Our tax cuts for the wealthy are the biggest in American History. It's going to save "You" money? He's talking to the Koch Brothers! The rest of us can file under the New System that takes more of ours, and gives nothing back.
I'm below the poverty line and my taxes went up this year.
That's hard to believe. Didn't think you owed any taxes if you were below the poverty line. As a matter of fact, I double checked on the IRS site and you shouldn't owe anything. Are you being dishonest? You are a writer for VICE and The Guardian and still below the poverty line?
50% of the population pays no taxes.  Everyone should pay something, even if just 50.00.
Or maybe the government should be fiscally responsible like they expect us to be. Total debt/citizen now stands at $200k+.
Tax cuts or tax hikes. You need to fair to all Americans and not particular category of Americans
Gay Pool Boy
And close down business like mine. I hav a tax office
Lie
FANTASTIC...
Coward vp
Pennies for most Americans, billions for the wealthy. Turns into a tax hike for the middle class in a few of years. The only question: will it be paid for by slashing social security, or will it stay on the credit card and burden future generations?
Aren't you supposed to be christian? I thought christians didn't lie.
Wrong...
We are retired and barely make it.  35 years plus each in public education.  Our health insurance and deductibles are ridiculous and you are taking that tax information, off...no way will what you're doing  help us.
LYING. SOB REPUBLICAN PARTY ANTICS fug REPUG'S
I think we should Thank #RonPaul 
#GaryJohnson #PaulRyan and @Potus #cabinet @MikePenceVP 
ALL of these men for #taxreform
Who some have been talking about #taxes being done on a postcard for decades.  #GodBlessAmerica 
@GovGaryJohnson
Well done brother!
I filed 9 tax forms/payments yesterday: Fed '17, Fed Q1 '18,  State '17, State Q1 '18, local '17 & Q1 '18 for both my wife and I, plus a new form/payment to locality for working from home. This is not productive & is why more biz's are closing than opening. You have more to fix!
So in the event Trump is impeached, VP should be aware of the crap the IRS does.
want simpler taxes, just send a bill
Bahahaha. People realize you and this Administration lied. These cuts are only benefitting the wealthy. And they are realizing our revenue will not cover the ballooning deficit. Dems will rule again
Why not work to repeal the 16th and drain the swamp called the IRS?
$1.T Omnibus :-(
Unthinkable
Tragic
Then tell me mike WHY did i get less this year?
Is this tweet for the 1%s? Because  the middle and upper class will pay more taxes
Unless you work for a company like ours. They didn’t share the tax break with its employees 
You made a mistake and sent this to everyone,  not just the 1% who actually benefit. Also you're a jerk off.
I don't believe a word of it this only increased buy backs for corporations.  jk
That's all fin a and dandy but what about GAS PRICES!!! Just because the govt decided to attack Syria does not mean we should get penalized. That's y'all decision not discussed with the American people. Get gas prices lowered!!!
 fucking hysterical!!!!
Expect adverse impacts of this bill to cripple and cause havoc to millions.
We have had eight years of Obumma, this will be a piece of cake. Relax, enjoy your grandchildren....you'll be fine.
How much has the federal deficit increased since you became Vice President? #basicmath #FactsMatter #TaxCutsJobsAct #StraightTalk
NO MORE WARS FOR ISRAEL
Actually, a whole lotta people are going to be paying more.
What I see is this... the govt has a credit card bill it has to pay every year. We have this great economy yet Corp get taxes almost cut in 1/2 now citizens are also getting a mild break. If your taking in some much less how can you pay the bills you already couldn’t afford?
A job well done, good thinking and Balance. Monitoring.
Thank you! @realDonaldTrump
Sure you don't even believe yourself.
Getting all that extra cash  Republicans why don't you pay for the wall
I'm ready for 0% income #tax, just like my grandparents had.
My college junior son made $11k and had to pay $2000. No noticable cuts for me or him. About 20-23% Who is it that got the cuts?
He would have had to have been self-employed and not a W-2 employee. Counting his self-employment tax as income tax is misleading. It is a payroll tax reported on his tax form but it is not income tax. You don’t include your W-2 payroll tax on your tax return. Apples and oranges.
I call bullshit. #TAXATIONISTHEFT
Please show the "huge" tax cuts to the average American
They’d have to produce their tax returns to show those huge cuts
Gag me! You call yourself a Christian but lie with a straight face! God hates liars, as you well know if you read your Bible.
The sad part about what Pence tweeted is that so many people
believe it. It follows Trumps remark "People believe whatever you say"
To Quote Trump again "SAD, SAD"
Of course, the IRS computer system may not be able to run because of all the gutting going on...and MY taxes will not go down more than a dollar or two...but as 45 told his buddies at MarALago, THEY stand to make a lot more $$$ under the new tax laws. Not middle class, though.
The historic tax cuts to the RICH........big deal....didn't see any of it it...still paying....I guess I'm not rich enough
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=157983048231412&id=100020591523247 …
You're going to jail.
You don't pay taxes Donny, so what the F do you care?
That crappy tax cut is the worst thing to happen to America.  We poor, working, already struggling folk have to foot the bill.  The costs of the rich getting richer is on our backs
We are loosing you Mr Trump. It's sad...
if you were even half the man you think you are you would step in.  Unfortunately, you are not.  You are as spineless and greedy as the rest of them and you hide behind your religion.  Shameful.
Great then you blow it by signing this awful Omnibus Spending Bill
When you were gay did you tell anyone other than your boyfriend?
BULLSHIT!
That's right, VP! New year, Americans will use an updated and complicated system to file their taxes! Isn't that great! And, now, businesses can't write off as many "expenses" as they used to. No more strip clubs for sales guys! #TranslateTrump

Trump said Vladimir Putin bragged to him about the beauty of Russia's hookers, Comey reported in memo. http://apne.ws/CTnTZOx 
My software showed me a comparison to the new plan. I’m really going to enjoy those 10 trips to Taco Bell next year.  Meals &Ent ded gone helps WHO?!?!!!
BS
Here's an interesting little bit of info. There are more available jobs right now then there are skilled or qualified Americans willing or able to fill them. I'm curious to know what you're doing to address this issue.
@realDonaldTrump Still waiting to see any evidence of this. My paycheck is exactly the same.
I AM GRATEFUL FOR VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE AND PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THEIR WIVES.  THANK U GOD FOR THEM
ALL LIES.
Right on this may finally help someone like me out next year according to HR block projections thank you prez

I am so thrilled by your historic new tax plan. Maybe now we'll be able to feed the thousands of homeless people the leftovers. Well done Mr. VP!
I had to pay a lot more this year!  What’s up???
I’m guessing you made more in the better economy. Many of my tax clients did. Paying taxes is better than the opposite which would mean your income went down.
What mike meant to say was... Thanks to TRUMP TAX CUTS, today marks last time American people will vote republican. The Tax Cuts For Wealthy– is the largest con in American history– it will not save YOU money & wont create JOBS for American workers #TaxScam
Over 100,000 jobs were created. The stock market has increased for some time now and will continue for next few months. No big wars broke out. The world hasn't ended. People are complaining about nonsense. You (Pence) and Trump are doing great.
What they are trying to do is complain and lie for 2.5 more years to fool people  into beveling failure
See if Mike can still make these statements as the working person's taxes go up and his rich cronies taxes stay low.
Have you ever watched porn mike
Does this mean Trump will finally file his taxes on time?
Bro just use H&R Block my boi
Are you kidding me! The diminishing middle class is going to pay for all of your tax cuts to the%. Thank you for nothing!!
I love the change cant complain.
Historically tax cuts have never increased jobs or the economy . This was all for you and the rich. The greedy administration that sent American into a trillion dollar deficit for our children and  grand children
I paid my taxes.
It makes the baby Jesus sad when you lie 
I don't know about that, job situation sucks here but it sure as hell got our deficit swole.
HALLAULYA!
Your ignoring the deficits. Thanks to this giveaway it going to be over a TRILLION FREAKING DOLLARS! This apparent “ignore it and it will go away” is both reckless and damn stupid. 
We need you guys to step up, to actually lead.
But Mr. Pence!  You seem so honest!
Unfortunately the ones on social security don't benefit from it but we do get to pay higher food bills ,gas ,and higher medical
Get your facts straight. 2017 Tax Cuts are not the largest tax cuts in US history. Also last time I checked 2017 Tax Cut legislation didn’t eliminate complexity in itemized tax filing.
Such lies! #TaxScam
LIAR
A LOT OF DEMOCRATS WILL COME TO OUR SIDE
Keep dreaming
It’s why I chose you guys
I mean, yes, my taxes did go down. But, it's not worth it in light of the administration of chaos that brought it about...
#
LIAR!
Collapse our economy, bankrupt our nation, enrich the wealthy, increase our deficit...How stupid do you think we are?
I think that remains to be seen...a little too early to make such predictions...
But not for long.
It’s not saving me money. The lies are starting to be revealed.
God bless you for supporting and helping President Trump MAGA!!
No it doesn’t. You may have seen it’s a failure. We are more in debt than ever. 80% of benefits go to foreigners. You are an idiot if you think this is good.
Tell your boss to release his tax returns

Fake news
My taxes went up. Where's my money?
و
I hope you stand 100% with @realDonaldTrump Mike 
Remember the American people voted for the MAGA agenda
