I heard no Democrats were invited.
Haven't you heard? Democrats are busy with destruction. They DON'T want the President to succeed! And that would mean our COUNTRY as well.
That's an interesting view.
It's not a view.... It's a Fact
That is also an interesting view.
Melania; It might be hard to ignore the news and the late night comedians, but *please* know that there are millions of people who are in awe of your poise, beauty, intelligence and integrity. History will honor you.  I pray for your husband, you and your family every day.
Count me In as one of those.
I agree!  Poise and good heart!
We are so proud of our First Lady Melania. Gorgeous, smart, savvy, creative and most of all beautiful and gracious inside and out. Heart of gold.
Smart?  Roflmfao.
She speaks five languages and holds her own in the business World.
Tell me what languages she speaks?
Slovene(her native language), Serbo-Croatian, english , french, italian and German....not enough for you?...What? You think because a woman is gorgeous, she cannot be smart?...apparently you are not
MikePyne2....Ndss just buried you. lol
Says the woman that sells a scam for a living.
It is about time someone brought respectability and elegance back to the White House, after the disrepute of the Obama years.
Is the respectability being handcuffed to a briefcase? Is the elegance being naked in heels on a plane? I feel sorry for the poor woman since she appears to be held hostage by trump, secrets & money-but let’s not make ridiculous comparisons.  #RunMelaniaRun
Beautiful photo thank you. Better Melania than that bloke who used to be there before, what was his name? Oh, yes Michelle...
You mean Michael...the late Joan Rivers confirmed it, and she had a lot of Hollywood gossip back in the day:
I didn't know Joan Rivers Surname was Obama.
Did you miss “the late” - not part of the name by the way


Can't believe she thinks she looks good in this pic. She looks like she just crapped her pants...
Please ask @POTUS not to embarrass the country by trying to make a move on the French president's wife.
Well, you know Bill Clinton would have for sure!
No kidding! But he's not president!
Yes, when he was he probably would have raped half the woman at the dinner.
You see? That isn't at all funny. If you're going to play along you have to do it with humor. My post read, "Make a move" - so you could have said something like, "If Clinton is there I hope the Madame isn't wearing a Blue Dress!" Now that's funny.
The best #FLOTUS ever! Thank you for your beauty, charm, and grace 
The third gold digging wife of a serial adulterer? The woman who has done zero to help families or children or anyone but herself? That’s the best FLOtUS you’ve seen?
What was so grate about m.obama ...she was so plastic
Although I’m pretty sure she could spell great.
I hope you and @realDonaldTrump have a great day!
You and your husband have brought class back to the White House! Love you guys!
Class huh?  #magat
Yes, you have none. Your post is a reflection of you, not of our beautiful FLOTUS.
Idk beans...
I thought all you far left people LOVE this kind of stuff?! You freaks cherry pick. Pathetic.
Ok Russian bot
Dear Melania's assistent, what did she do in this moths of preparations? I don't care if you go on tweeting for her but maybe you can try to gie more information but those empty platitudes?
Cause like tis you draw the picture of the laziest FLOTUS ever...

Finally a First Lady to be proud of 
The first First Lady you can see naked. Stay classy
Beautiful inside and out 
We saw her insides on that photo shoot from the 90s.  Beautiful indeed
Good luck, Melania. Keep your distance from your husband and you'll have a wonderful time. We're here for you whenever you decide to go on your own!
Soooooooo beautiful 
Great job! Its elegant
It looks amazing
First state dinner in ages that excluded members of the other party. I hope you all have a terrible time.
“The other party”?  You mean that group of idiots that hate America, and think children are sex toys?  Why would anyone want that?  Lol
You should invite Stormy & the playboy model  so Trump’s just cost American taxpayers millions of $ @ Mar A Lago & here we go again 
You remind me of a quote from Animal House Flounder....
You talk about your fellow Americans like your better than they are. Shame on you.
She blocked me lol
I was nice,  guess she knew that quote. 
#PeaceisBetter
By excluding Democrats you make a mockery of the event. It’s shameful.
How embarrasing. The most petty and partisan #StateDinner in the history of the republic. You two are a piece of work.
You did a magnificent job on every facet of the First White House State Dinner! The Ballroom & decor as well as flowers were stunning. Your menu is very Spring Like & mouth watering. Kudos to you & your staff. Everything looked as stunning as you do. Our beautiful FLOTUS!
@SissyScullen I’m sure you also congratulated @MichelleObama on her first state dinner.
Thank you for being such a gracious host. And thank you for not inviting the disgusting, unhinged media!! We want other leaders visits to be enjoyable!!!  @POTUS @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP
. Glad you are leaving the media at home. Let’s watch @CNNPolitics @CNN cry about it. 
I'm from Yemen and I'm a DV Lottery winner of the 2018 That was a great for me to escape from the reality of Yemen's tragic.We are suffering a lot.We love America, country of justice and freedom.God bless you and the United States of America.
#bodegastrike
#IamAmericantoo
Don't think Pres Macron is that fussed on McDonalds!
Great 
Get some more counseling! You hatefilled deranged liberals definitely need it. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder

Sounds awesome, so happy to have you for out FLOTUS!!! Beauty and class
Love to know your definition of class?
It's sure the hell not stormy!!!!
My first lady you are the class of the class God bless you thank you for everything you’re doing we are very lucky to have you !!!!
you are BOTH very special and very gifted.  You both have things to bring to the team!  Thank you BOTH.
Beautiful!
Beautiful!!
will he talk about himself to great extent? tout all the made up stuff he's done? will he go full maga during a news conference and call out and bully the press? will he have a made up schoolyard bully name for the French president?
And that is how it is done!! Great First Lady, takes things in her own hands and handles it!! Shows the grace and elegance of the White House and how it is to be THE FIRST LADY!
Great Job Melanie, proud if you.
What Grace,Charm&Regality after Jackie @RightWingAngel @Truthgunner @ItsJustJill @RealErincruz @americanRosie @HeidiL_RN @uberstephanie @Buckseriously @Heidiponyrider @HoneyWind11 @Giovanettas @ReneeCarrollAZ 
Cause Jackie allowed her husband to trash talk with Howard Stern. Those girl on girl photos were stunning also
Your ignorance is peeking through
Seriously, just block the twit, don’t waste your time 
Rosie Done !

Everything looks gorgeous!
You are a wonderful and most inspiring First Lady that America has ever experienced. Your grace is so remarkable and shows the level of your sophistication and kindness.#1FLOTUS
Wow FANTASTIC! Thank you for sharing the behind the scenes preparations for a State dinner and all your hard work!
I heard today on Rush Limbaugh that you brought 2 staff ppl from the White House that worked w the Bushs. That was extremely kind & thoughtful of u.
No two state solution or I stop praying for you....
Mrs. Trump, know that you are doing an exquisite job as First Lady. People of this country want to continue see you smiling as you enjoy doing the things that made you whole and happy while serving the country. God bless you.
We are not whole, this country is more divided than ever since your joke of a husband took (sic) office. This person is delisional and hopes that we revert back to 1950 We are never going back! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
No it became divided because of your Obummer & Killary and their rants to divide this Country
Well that will not go well unless you tap your husband's mouth shut
Have a great time ! We love you and our great president.
WOW! Lots of work but sure looks like fun
Thank you for all you do for US
No one wants to be around a demonrat. They have no civility or self control. 24/7 Hate.

Thank you for sharing.  She will do the State Dinner as she does everything with unprecedented style and grace
You will make it a perfect evening no doubt about that.
beautiful!! Thank you!! 

Thank you Melanie for being such a gracious and giving host. 

#love
Who's 'Melanie'?? Least you could do is get her name right....tragic :(
I spelled it correctly but my phones auto-correct changed it to a more common spelling.

It happens 
Have you not forgot all the crap Obama did
Because the knee jerk response to criticism of Trumper is always “what-about-ism”  and it shows the shallowness and ignorance of most supporters.
Thanks, insults are in line with the Imperial President’s style of communication. Any evidence of Obama (no investigations) and Clinton (many investigations over years, not even one indictment)?Trump administration = 19 indictments, 5 guilty pleas in 15 months.
Wrong. You need to do research
beautiful job in preparing!  You are such a gracious First Lady!  Very proud of all you are doing and your classy choices!
You are quite the lady, and definitely a First for our time...we thank God for you.
You are beautiful in and out. Keep up the good job, ignore those that want you to fail.
It looked beautiful! Well done. The cherry blossom branches are gorgeous and very apropos.
Your touch create a real hospitality from the heart  of First Lady and People's of America welcoming France.
Melania - Beautiful! Best wishes and success with State Dinner!
I just received a picture of @realDonaldTrump State Dinner Entree from the @WhiteHouse #statedinner @JimmyKimmelLive @StephenAtHome @Morning_Joe @cnn @MSNBC
In 2001, Melania Knauss (an obscure Slovenian model) was granted the elite EB-1 or "Einstein visa."
This program is specifically for business execs or people with "extraordinary ability."

Why was she given this very special green card?
Who wants an Oscar ( the Nazi party's award for anyone who dares to disagree with left wing hatred)?

You are SO BEAUTIFUL inside and out !!!!   WE LOVE YOU!!!!  #LiberalismIsMentalIllness
What an AMAZING Blessing and Inspiration YOU ARE !
So classy and so beautiful
Job done with class & grace, it appears as if your first State Dinner was a huge success.  Congratulations!  
That was so pretty you made us all proud
Looking Fabulous as always!
Everything looks amazing and very elegant. Thanks for all you do.
--IT LOOKS LIKE THE STATE DINNER WENT VERY WELL----YOU AND @POTUS LOOKED FANTASTIC ---AS DID PRESIDENT AND MRS MACRON OF FRANCE----CONGRATULATIONS!!!--
Thank you, so proud of the beautiful meal you served our guest! #MAGA #FirstLady
So fabulous!  #Flotus
It looks beautiful.
What a Special Arrangement ; by The Special Lady & her Staff for The Very..Very....Special Friends from France. Cherio !!!
Lovely video and so proud of our First Lady. She is so charming and full of grace.
So proud of you @FLOTUS and your team. You looked amazing in the silver dress:)
I can’t help it, I like Melania.
Class at every turn. Thank you Ma'm.
Finally we have real class and elegance back in the White House. Thank you @FLOTUS for your amazing style, class and elegance.
You mean a woman who you have a picture of her tits & ass.
And yet she still remains classy.. don't hate
She is okay for a New York tycoons wife, but NOT as First Lady. And what has she doen in regaurds of her anti-bullying campaign? I mean shit, she can hire someone to do the work and slap her name on it.
This is a state dinner not a private party thrown by the Trumps. All Americans are paying for it and all should be represented.
The country thanks you for adding such grace and sophistication to the President’s successful and impressive role as the Leader of the Free World. We love and appreciate you, Melania.  You are beautiful both inside and out.
Great job @FLOTUS! Standing around doing nothing while others are doing the actual work looks like hard work. It's like being President without the tweeting. Wait, you tweeted. Nevermind that last part, It's just like being President.
@FLOTUS it turned out beautiful! So proud that you are our First Lady! 
Good for you from Canada. We wish you and your family well..
 You are strong and classy keep it that way...
Everything looks lovely! You've got great taste :)
You are amazing. Best FLOTUS ever.
*clapping* SO well done, Ma'am!  Thank you for bringing 'class' back to the #WH !!
Glorious. Superb.  Well done, Madam First Lady.  Well done indeed.
Gorgeous!! Thank you @flotus for all your hard work!! 
We have a beautiful #FLOTUS regardless of where she eats...
Even @Whataburger
Just Beautiful!!!
Many of us in America adore you. Keep strong and those who hate will never win.
Love your choice of Cherry Blossoms!! Beautiful!
Everything looks absolutely lovely. You did a beautiful job.
Such a class act. I get what u mean. Elegance, grace, intelligence mmmk
Melania you are a leader for sure! We are in awe of your grace and poise! You showed this at Barbara Bush’s funeral. You play nice with all! No other First Lady has had so much negativity thrown at them and you just show kindness to all! Thank you! #ConservativeStrongWomen
Why aren’t the @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats INVITED? This is the PEOPLE’s HOUSE NOT your house! You’re supposed to be the president for ALL AMERICANS. You & your husband are a disgrace! @EmmanuelMacron #France
No one can understand the word “hatred” any better than the liberals. Your pictures should be posted next to the word in the dictionary. You are MASTERS of hatred!!
BOT! Shoo.
The EU is a disaster.The barriers to unilateral trade are http://stupid.Pay  attention Dems,This is what socialism looks like.Stagnation in the name of equality.When you’re the best then you can share....it really doesn’t work when you’re made to share...no incentive.
The EU is Dumb Asses at work IMHO. They have No clue how big business or International Trade works. They could use a crash course on How to make a Deal from DJT.
Fun!
Thanks all.
Can we keep @FLOTUS after Trump’s 8 years.
The way the Democrats have acted this past year, I hope none were invited.
Melania is an amazingly talented woman.  Anyone criticizing her has mental issues.
Awesome
Wow...nice...
Elegant charming and beautiful you did a wonderful job
Thanks for all you do! You are the best FLOTUS ever!
Thank you for not inviting any Degenocrats
Our beautiful FLOTUS  did an amazing job decorating and preparing for this event.  FLOTUS. WAS STUNNING
Beautiful Dinner Event and Choice is sophisticated.. High Class and hold your head high Melania TrumpFrom a High Class Health Inspector ( Beverly Hills and beyond in LA County Elizabeth ( Beth)
What an elegant First Lady - proud to be an American!
God Bless you both for proudly fighting and representing the USA and our interests.
Fantastic job, very well done.
You are such a class act. Enjoy yourselves!
God Bless
So beautiful even in casual you are so lucky.lololo0
It just may be that America's classiest and most capable First Lady is you, an immigrant (a legal one), and I'm saying that as the proud husband of a very special (smart and capable) immigrant wife.
She overstayed her work visa, lied about attending university, promoted a lie abt Obama & plagiarized a speech by Michelle O. She's a fraud
You mean the same @MichelleObama who was only proud to be an American when her husband was elected? And then stopped being proud when the woman she bashed in 2008 lost in 2016 to @realDonaldTrump? Now that you’re mentioning fraud...
There's a difference between not supporting bigot, sexual predator Trump and being proud of your country. Stop deflecting Melanie is a fraud
You mean a fraud like @HillaryClinton who did the same with her husband and was sued in the 80s for bigotry? And enabled her assaulter in chief husband? Birds of a feather.
Oh it's the HRC victim card.
This never works in the modern era. Pretty much every modern president has had an immoral if not disturbing sex life. JFK's may have had disturbing sides to it I have just heard about recently. Some claim it is inherent in powerful men. Doesn't make it right, but it's there.
Please share the kinky details for Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan or Obama. Not sure about the Bushes - aside from a couple gropes I’ve never heard much on them either.....
It’s not a real state dinner.  It’s just an occasion to invite trump’s cronies and show off to Macron.
What??!!! It’s not being held at the golf course?!! Shocked!! Tax payers dollars well spent, not
Did any of your husband’s girlfriends get an invite?
We have not seen this grace, elegance and beauty since Jackie Kennedy! @FLOTUS has become one of our greatest First Ladies!
Why is everything such a pretentious production with these people?
Exactly, more is more
You have the best taste - Nothing but class!! Proud to have you as a First Lady! 
What an awesome job she did with this!!
President Trump has decided only Republicans, merit being part of this extravaganza. l guess Franklin Roosevelt and JFK, would not of made the cut either. Another Example of a Cornered Man, who Disrespects our Democracy, but adores the trappings that come with the title 
I agree, Dems have done nothing but obstruct every good thing he has tried to do.  We do not reward bad behavior in this country!
Delusional, stop going to a Candy Man 
Best Preparations ever for state dinner. Our First Lady did it all by herself. Best dressed Lady ever. I love First Lady Melania Trump.
Our First Lady is a beautiful & gracious woman who deserves our love, respect, prayers & gratitude for serving our country, enduring the attacks from the Left, & sharing her husband so that he can secure the future of #America. 
Pure class.
Melania is a First Lady with style,grace,and beauty. she makes our country so proud.
Exquisite and gracious, so proud our First Lady Melania 
That's great
So gorgeous!! You did an amazing job. Your taste is elegant & refined befitting your position. You do us all credit. Thank you!
meanwhile, the whole world knows your hubby raw-dogged a porn star and got shot down by another one, no matter how much MONEY HE OFFERED HER.

oh plus he lied about not staying overnight in Moscow, and now there's proof.

have a nice day, #birther
Miss Universe host says Trump stayed overnight on 2013 Moscow trip, contradicting what he told Comey http://hill.cm/q3Pw6PH  
Melania is our first class First Lady 
Beautiful and classy!
@WhiteHouse please do more of these clips, was just GLORIOUS to see some media outlets replay on tv. very impressive clip, more MORE, America craves more F.L.O.T.U.S. @ABC @FoxNews @TODAYshow @CBS
Do you have any idea how much money the @flotus saved the Ametucan taxpayer on this one event alone? Event planners and implementers are expensive in the extreme!  Thanks for your hard work, Mrs. T.
Excellent job FLOTUS!
Melania, you need to get a voice.  Show America what you are made of.  I don't believe you are his puppet.  But you are the FLOTUS.  That does not mean you have to hold his hand if you don't want to.
She is so elegant. So thankful that she is our FLOTUS!
I believe this is the hardest working first family in history.  They have given up everything for the greater good. I am very proud to call myself an American @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @POTUS @rrobertv34 #USAProud
One of these things is not like the other.
finalement, c'est hyper stressant d'être première dame. Je ne regrette pas d'avoir choisi une autre voie ....
Un choix qui vous honore !
So proud, 
God Bless the USA!
You make up for your husband's MANY shortcomings for sure Melania - it was good to see you smiling again earlier in the week! 
Your husband isn’t the real president. He lost the popular vote and was helped by the Russians.
Maybe you could find us 20 or more really good HRC donors to collaborate that? .......... and, btw, read up on the electoral college......
State dinner, tax payers picking up the tab, no press invited. Only 1 democrat invited, all tax payers paying the check. Sad how many don’t realize ramifications of this.
Why would you insult our democracy by not inviting the Democrats? Sorry but prepping a dinner doesn’t score you any points and we live in a democracy here not a sick dictatorship so 45 can see his way out. #FranceResponds #MacronFailedVisit
Hillary's face as she's peeking in the window, watching the important diners eat scrumptious morsels of gourmet food.
Kids go to bed hungry in the US every night but we always have money to spend on these extravagant dinners. It’s shameful.
Thank you & POTUS for being such classy representatives of America!! Love to you both from Kooky-California!!
I am so proud and grateful to have You, Melania Trump as our First Lady, and your husband Donald J. Trump as our President of the United States of America! Thank you for being so loyal, dedicated, and true to all that this country stands for, holds so dear,and believes in. Amen.
In a country that finds profit in criticism. I find the purest gold in seeing and seeking the best in everyone. If it is there,it will reveal itself! Because it is pure.Our First Lady is gold ,as she sees the gold in others, she shines brighter as She helps others shine brighter!
Just watched Flotus and Potus welcome pres&mrs Macron. Thanks for makings us proud! Melania looked beautiful
Given your sophistication, arranging this visit was probably second nature for you but you did an amazing job and we loved watching. Of course it wouldn't be appropriate but you could probably have been the French interpreter also.  We luv u Melania.
Absolutely Stunning..! In this moment we must look and act civil..! It doesn’t matter what party are you, I’m Democrat and I must say that First Lady has showed elegance and politeness..!   
Beautifully done. You have class and style. You are the new Jackie Kennedy 
I'm proud to have you as first lady
Break free Lady!!
Pizza and paper plates work, give them something they don't usually eat.
It's a shame your husband is not aware that he is the President of the entire United States of America and not just those who appear to like him or those who appear to vote for him. #OnlyRepubsExistInTrumpWorld
It will be ELEGANT and a great success. So proud of our lovely first lady!!
Thank you Melania for putting together such a classy state dinner.  You made America shine.
Hello Flotus I wanted to show you a picture of my wife in the same outfit that you once wore. Her dress was a copy of course but I think you both looked amazingin it!
Thank YOU for your graciousness.  You represent us beautifully...in every way.
Everything looked stunning! So gorgeous and eloquent! God bless you and your family! So grateful to have you as our beautiful, intelligent, classy First Lady! Thank you for ALL that you and @POTUS continue to do for our country! #FLOTUS #StateDinner #Macron #POTUS
Great job Melania!!! You make America proud..thank you!
Who the hell made that dress for you? It is disgusting! It looks like you’re wearing an apron! And that hat today was tacky as hell! You were not a garden party lady!


But you did not include any Dems or the media. Shame on you and Trump.
You are the most beautiful and gracious  FLOTUS ever! America thanks you for your dedication and hard work. We you! #MAGA
No she isn't.  She IS beautiful but she is definitely NOT happy, very rarely smiles (unless she's sitting next to Obama) and obviously loathes the man she is married to.
You don’t know her and can’t speak for her.
So the takeout KFC didn't get any consideration? 
And apparently the French will dine with anyone these days.
Kinda looks that way.
Tax dollars hard at work again.
You have no business in my country, let alone the White House.
Trump promised an end to all state dinners. Add this to the many, many campaign promises already broken, including and especially the release of his tax returns.
Does your husband know that he actually represents all of us? Excluding the party of half of the people he represents is poor form, amateurish, and frankly tacky. We are meant to be an example for the world. If our president is too afraid to invite others to dinner, we are doomed
Who was invited?

Cool
You want my approval don't you? I am easy; 

Unspeakable class redefined and worthy of all Royalty.
How many lambs had to be murdered so you could waste taxpayer money by showing off at a state dinner? The whole plan looks gaudy and ostentatious. Also, why weren't any Democrats invited?
Now why in hell would he invite the "Demon Democrats" that are his Obstructionists and enemies of this president? It is this mind boggling mindset of "Progressivism and the Deep State" that is destroying America! This was a positive affair not Liberal one! The French new this!
It's knew, not "new." I see your spelling, grammar, syntax & punctuation are as awful as the U.S. dictator's. Also, Macron slammed @realDonaldTrump in his speech to Congress today. You might want to listen to it.
You did an amazing job! Everything looked beautiful! You are one of America's greatest assets @MELANIATRUMP Thank you for being the stunning, exquisite, graceful & elegant YOU!
Dear first lady that is a great news ,because at this point how things are all over with our enemies worldwide it's essential for us to work together to maintain the partnership with our allies specifically FRANCE,AND UNITED KINGDOM !!!
2 invited.  This menu is odd considered they're french and cultured, unliked Mel.
I couldn’t be more proud to have such a beautiful First Lady and strong and wonderful President hosting this dinner.
Love Melania
God it’s nice to have a classy first lady!
Thank you for thoughtfulness and grace! You are an asset to our President and we, as Americans respect and honor you!
Mrs. Trump - you do us proud. You are a talented and lovely woman and using your expertise to bring elegant detail to the Whitehouse. Thank you.

Respecting others , working with others , is far more profitable than having others work for you . Our First Lady Melania works with others bringing out their best . Our First Lady sees the beauty in others and in their talent . God Bless our First Lady
First Lady, you really are just that. An elegant lady to be in the White House. Know that you and our president have support and love in Texas

