America THANKS YOU @POTUS 
Flipping faster than a pancake
Think they were actually jeering you



Imagine if someone had compared OBAMA to an APE
Don't have to imagine it. Your fellow racist trump worshippers have done it on several occasions. And it doesn't carry the same racist connotations with trump as it would with Obama but you can pretend that it does.
I don't compare people to apes . and I don't Condone those who do . but surprisingly during Obama's presidency white supremacist hate groups multiplied like wildfire . Thank you obama for bringing our country together . 
You can check this with the southern poverty law center .
So if white supremacist groups grow like wildfire under the first black president that’s the black presidents fault?   Are you sure it’s not indicative of how racist our country still is?
They're still trying to give Obama credit for the stock market booming for the last year . and unemployment dropping to record lows !
Thank you for everything you're doing for America, appreciate you!
When you can tell the rest of us what he’s doing let us know.
Unemployment rates are lower than they have ever been your move
Holy crap what a crowd. They're a whole one deep. Most bars have more people waiting on drinks.
Heard they "booed" you.
good！
Too bad you didn’t record the other side of the street that had the BOO’s and the F U’s as you passed by. You are not loved or admired by the majority. Give up, we see right through your lying racist cheating lies!
You call that a crowd, @realDonaldTrump? @jk_rowling's early unadvertised book signings had more people.
You definitely have a problem with adjectives.
More lies and bullshit?

What kind of President needs everyone licking his balls in order to feel good about himself? #ImpeachTrump
Listen to it from the streets. Videos are out there. They are ALL yelling F U. 
Bot @TwitterSupport
GREATEST president ever!
Well, I found the stupidest person on the internet today.
Why would you say that, you don't agree that President Trump is the greatest President ever?
No one believes it but brainwashed MAGAt's.
Ok princess, back up your argument. What makes him such a bad President? Lower taxes? A constitutionalist to the SCOTUS? Highest black/latino unemployment ever? SOARING stock market and economy? More jobs? Factories & industries returning to the US? What? Please articulate!
That's not articulating, that's copying and pasting! Give me your opinion, what makes him the worst?  Lower taxes? A constitutionalist to the bench? Highest black/latino employment ever? Strong economy and high stock market? NK at the table? What is it princess?
What s your fixation with calling people princess, something you want to tell the class?
This is awkward.
Key West welcomes Trump with a chorus of "Conch Republic Hellos" because Florida (WARNING: STRONG LANGUAGE) - video via @ColleenHough 
This looks like a high school soft ball team@parade even for key west.
Really? A crowd? 
U didn’t notice they are all flipping u the bird
they hate you too
Awesome. Looks like a high school car wash. You are the mostest popularist POTUS ever, in, like, the history of the whole planet. You need to stop being so modest. Give yourself some credit.
They were all screaming, F_ck You. 

Fake CROWD
I'm sure they were you off.
Wow, almost 1 deep in places.
A really Fantastic crowd:
Tell that to John Barron" (or "John Baron"), "John Miller" and "David Dennison" maybe they will agree with you if they aren't getting pissed on by a hooker. #Conman #RussianPuppet #Weak #Unfit #Mentallylimp #Fool
what did you pay them not to boo?
There ya go talking about crowd sizes again while your wife was sitting next to a real president.  I think she learned a lot today.  She has probably never been in a room with that many genuine people.
Oh well. Your next opportunity will be 2024. Another 6 years, 
He's got 4 months.  I said he had 18 months when he started and he's on track to prove me right.
"Ain't gona happen" 2024 you will get your chance. Be patient it's only 6 years away
This is your response?  2 days later, saying the very same thing??  Back in your box!
Just like third world countries


We are so Blessed to have this wonderful President . 
He is for the American People
God Bless America
God Bless our President
MAGA
Lots of emojis dead giveaway bot bot bot
I love emojis that’s why I use them!!  And I’m not a BOT!
Apparently, lip-reading is just one more thing Mr. Trump isn't any good at:
Do blind people read lips, though?
Can Donald Trump read anything?
Never met the jerk, do not want to, but, yeah, pretty sure from all the available evidence, he can NOT read anything.

President Trump is obviously a LOT smarter than either of you 2 losers.
Don't break your arms patting yourself on your back for posting shit that really isn't even that funny.
Uh, right, do you also do standup open mike in addition to your troll duties? Or do you not have comedy in Russia?
Did Obama ever have crowds waiting on the street for him to go by? NO
Jacob really find a friend with a fact! Come on man, seriously that's not even worth engaging. Living in the bubble must not be fun, you want so bad for things to be the way you envision them. How many staff indictments so far? They have the evidence on Trump, and he knows it!
Barry had tons of crowds all waiting to through rotten tomatoes at him
Sure if that helps you get "through" your day that's ok with me good Mental Health is important. The two termed president already knows his place in history, we have actual facts and evidence, you have Trumpian rhetoric and bubble BS.
Facts barry created isis with the help of ireland...barry gave many positions in govt. To islamiats and other criminals....barry and Eric holder caused so much pain and death to americans..facts...mental health cannot be judged by unstable mentalities...
Yeahhhhhh that doesn't sound crazy at all. Especially the Isis with help from Ireland part? So all this pain and death, did someone get in trouble for that or did the Queen of England send her droids in? Hey I'm just trying to stay with you here.
Would you like to see for your self irish parliment took barry bribe and lifted weapons santions on syria..barry then went to ireland and spent 5 days overseeing the movement of weapons and such from shannon airport to the docks 1000 plane loads...
You might think that would have at least made the news or something. It's like were living in parallel universes, are you my Counter-part? Is Prince still alive over there?
This kind of enthusiasm doesn't come form a "50% approval", it comes from something much higher. Fake News Media will be crying their eyes out over this, lying and smearing Trump for years has got them nowhere.
#LockThemUp
Eh...have you heard the crowds without the cheesy soundtrack? They were booing him and yelling "fuck you". The only people supporting him are the loons waving American flags . His entire twitter feed is fake news!
Twitter bots lie. No surprise. Go away. You’re boring. Trump is the man. #maga
Yeah I've been on twitter for years and tweet about many many subjects but I'm obviously a bot. Away and suck Trump's farts you sycophantic loonball 
Wow you really told me off. You’re so smart and clever for a bot.
Yeah and you're not very intelligent for a supposed human. Wow, look at us conversing like people!
You’re sooooo smart and witty. Howsoever shall I redeem myself? Tick tock u feeble minded fool. U can’t stop the #GreatAwakenening or #maga
I agree, fantastic crowd!
immaaaa loving the "fu" chorus
To be clear, everyone standing there was yelling in protest as you drove by. The local news had to mute out what they were saying. Facts and truth matter. Key West is the most liberal city in Florida and rightly so, you were not given a warm welcome. Thanks neighbors! #resist
I saw middle fingers, too many to count in the original video!


Fixed it for you.
Yawn. Twitter bots are everywhere all attacking Trump. The people see thru the bs. Tick tock. #maga
Aw, my thoughts and prayers are with you.
You’re the one that needs the prayers. Tick tock u d bag. #GreatAwakeningWorldwide
Key west has Yuge gay community. Let’s see the real photos.
Didn't you see and hear the videos where everyone was screaming FU at his motorcade... 
Ahh no I will look. That is exactly what I would expect. I have family in key west I spend every summer there
It's so beautiful..  I'll see if I can find a video.. They were floating around on Twitter the day he visited..
Thanks I’d love a link !!! Hope I see my sis
https://twitter.com/billycorben/status/987076705989877760?s=21 …

And the one Trump sends out has a loud song playing over it so you can't hear the people.. 
Key West welcomes Trump with a chorus of "Conch Republic Hellos" because Florida (WARNING: STRONG LANGUAGE) - video via @ColleenHough 
Get your eyes examined.
LOL that’s what it looked like in the video!  Thx for confirming with the screen shot!
America is not China and north Korea！allow protector there……
Sorry, what?
Thank you for practicing your English with us @zmy12006.  If we send Donald Trump to you, could you keep him please? 
welcome send to us，China must be changed
But you must promise to keep him.  Don't send him back to us.
I'll go in on his ticket!
Man.. I love seeing that . I hope it warms @Potus heart to see how much he REALLY IS LOVED  & APPRECIATED /X it by 10000 all over #USA  We couldn't do It without your hard work & sacrifices. #GodBlessOurPotus
Another Russian bot

Should’ve went to Houston for Mrs. Barbara Bush’s funeral ! 
Don the Con - You do realize that the majority of  Americans don’t like you or your actions?
More people showed up at BARBARA BUSH's trip to her resting place.


Look at the crowd America.  I gots me some Lee Greenwood playing.  Although that crowd is only one person deep and has huge gaps, that is just the camera.  It was packed at least 2 blocks deep.  Win!
 all 20 of them! 
Ohhhhh more millions spent for your golf
How much did you pay them to stand there?
Gee you left out all those that were giving you the bird.
Looks like they are all shooting you birds and chanting "fuck you". Plus the video shows the camera man passing the one guy with the flag about 4 times. Why weren't you at Mrs. Bush's funeral? #TrumpRussia #BlueWave2018
Oh yeah it looks huge. Just like the inauguration crowd right?
You are such a piece of work!!!
You can expect a much bigger crowd, maybe record-breaking crowds, along the route your bus takes to prison. Looking forward to that day.
#IQ45
#Moron
#TrumpRussiaConspiracy 
#LockHimUp
How much were they paid?
If you like them giving you the finger and shouting obscenities!!
They were shouting“Fuck You!”  You should have been able to hear them unless your hearing is going.
hardly the crowd Obama used to get. but good effort all the same
LOL that was a pretty sparse "crowd"
Yep, it is always all about you.  Looking forward to the day, when I will never have to look at your face or hear your voice again.
Look at that crowd.....its got to be at least 1 person deep....great crowd 45....almost as many as your inauguration....

Obama spent all his time in Hawaii and Martha's vineyard in Massachusetts. He didn't care about Florida. #FloridaLovesTrump
Did you eat paint chips as a kid
Including those cursing  you?

Gallup Poll on GOP tax-cut: 39% approve, 52% disapprove
I see a lot of middle fingers
WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE CHORUS ...OF "F U" .....DIDN'T SHOW THAT VIDEO DID YOU????
amen... and awomen... all hail to Yeshua for giving democracy President TRUMP...
I thought you went to Palm Beach to watch Mrs. Bush’s funeral. You went to the Keys? Oh brother.
You are loved world wide @POTUS more than you know..other countries..desperately are trying to find a Patriot to be thier leader..and not a gloablist hell bent on destroying nations.
I saw lines more impressive than this for @recordstoreday
But they were booing and cursing at you. Caught lying again.
#ThankYou!
Yeah ...but I saw the huuuuge crowd booing you too.
You are aware they were yelling obscenities at you, right?  Spin it any way you want but we, the people, know the truth.
Ok. Non partisan non sequitur; Any iteration of Bruce Wayne's parents getting murdered is sad as hell to watch. Left or right, lib or con, Clinton or Bernie, Trump or Reagan, that's a sad a** moment. 

Ok, y'all... As you were...
Wait till you see the turn out in DC after your conviction. #PartyTrumpgoesToPrison

And just to protect them a little bit more, he gives them bone spurs too
From a war that we had absolutely NO business fighting? Ok.
Some just came to see the strange orange object from out of space.
FREEDOM IS NOT FREE.
At most, 1/10 of the people in Key West came out. I saw a sparse "crowd" at best along the road.  But of course, only you would call that a "fantastic crowd".
Liddle'Donald, that's not much if a crowd. Stormy drew larger crowds
Thats not alot
Protesting You @POTUS What a moron you are. But Trump using Art Of The Deal Book brainwash called "Confirmation Bias". Repetitive lie to make U believe they are real. Fact It #MAGA . Lies & decept from Trump in abundance. He committed high Treason w/Russia & is now compromised.
Look at all those middle fingers

Scarborough predicts Trump won't run in 2020 http://hill.cm/1Ef987R  
Yes the whole crowd was giving u the middle finger. Well deserved I might add.
they were in line to buy sandals not to see you

Thank you, Mr President. Stay safe. WWG1WGA!!
You have to put this song to the video to drown out all the cursing from the crowd 
The people are booing him in protest.  This is not a welcoming Crowd but as we all know his supporters will believe anything! Stupidity can’t be cured
What’s up? They giving away free lunches?
Wow look at those 100 of people 
hahaha, all 100 of them. That is 1 million in your pea brain
Congratulations, america from americans, Brasil from brasilians?
Please find a grassy knoll to drive past. 
I would say school book depository, but we both know that was just #fakenews
Wonderful to see!!
They gave you the finger A W
you will win a second term in a landslide .... And The fake news media will implode into oblivion ..
Thought you were watching Barbara Bushs funeral? Guess not? She did not understand how any woman could vote for you, can’t handle a woman who calls it like it is.
https://m.facebook.com/groups/1467947463528101?view=permalink&id=2259712304351609 …
That’s a pretty sparse “crowd.”
I notice most of them are giving you the finger.
And who did the audio for this?? Someone who had that sappy, misguided song on speakerphone, sounds like. Truly a work of art.
You suck 45
Should have rolled the window down.

Awesome! We love our President!!
How can someone like you love someone like him? What went wrong in your childhood?
Yeah "yuge" crowd, lmao! Can't even get them away from the beaches you doddering old fool. Go eat McDonalds and have a heart attack!
Snowflake route. 

#MuellerIsComing
About a min of video out of the entire trip. Is that all the editors could find that didn't include protesters and people flipping you off?
Crowd?
Only seeing this for the first time today.
. How about you show the larger crowd that was protesting you.
Yeah, all 100 of them. But protesters were larger crowd.
I see a lot of Floridians raising their middle fingers...@TheLeadCNN @AC360

Similar to the crowd at your inauguration
You do know that most of them were yelling, "Fuck you," right?

We have this thing called "recording" nowadays.

For a primer, look up "Obama's inauguration."
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/2047379935355050/ …
Crazy Uncle observation ... sorta like the size of the crowd at your inauguration compared with Obama's.
There were people flipping you off... they weren't saying you were No. 1. You're an international embarrassed. You're a con man, a liar, a sexual predato. Even Nixon would look at you and be like WTF!? #TrumpLies #IdiotInChief #TrumpChaos #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #MuellerAlreadyKnows
Wow, you almost needed both hands to count the people! Almost! 
WE LOVE YOU!! @POTUS #MAGA 
i bet most of them were flippin you off
You're SO THICK; they despise you.
fake
See all the Nazi salutes.

Did you visit bare assets? Great place!
LOL you call that a crowd?  Seen better crowds at bars...
Oh...great people? So the Nazis were there then. Cute.
So they put music in the background! Omg.. go listen without the cover loser. Most of them hate you.


that's a small crowd. LOL. They are almost single file. Leave the crowds to people who want to make a real difference. Like the kids marching and voting democrat SOON! IDIOT!
The Election was Rigged,  Because you would have won by a land slide, Dimocrats own this country, just saying.
Of course they do, the intelligent will always stand above the intellectually deprived.
They hate you
all 5 of them??? 
Wonder what the other side of the street looked like. Guessing a lot of counter protesters.
If you slow down the video you'll see they were all giving you the finger.
Who are you talking to?
I saw a lot of ppl holding up heart using their hands, meaning "Love you!" Few flips but lots more love!
Single file lines, did you drive around the block 10 times?
You're thanking for the "love tRump's hate" and all the "FUCK YOU" you got? .....
It’s ALL about u. Respectable people attended the funeral. Melania smiled after two years. Thank you OBAMA’s & CLINTONS for your class.
Looked like a lot of Nazi salutes. What up with that ?
Florida loves you Mr. President!
Tampa!
Look how happy Melania is without you and miserable with you.
Did you stop at Hardee’s?   Eat more Donnie!   Keep your strength up and arteries lubricated.
I saw more people at the march for our lives
Okay, but how many were flipping you off? I'd bet there were more people doing that then cheering because you were there.
How many of them flipped you off?

Looks exactly like the Inauguration crowd.
Those are crisis actors.
Dude, that's not a crowd. It's a string of people loosely held together. Didn't we discuss this in Jan 2017? 

Apparently you are unable to accurately assess crowd size. Similar to yr inability to tell the TRUTH, to develop actual strategy, to articulate anything but petulance...
Millions of people, must have been the biggest crowd ever
YAY LETS LOOK AT ALL THE RACISTS YAAAAAY
Only Frump would believe people shouting “f**k you” at him, is praise. #narcissism
Most of them came for the sandal outlet. 
Did you decided not to film the crowds giving you the finger?
They  were yelling obscenities at you for stealing this  country blind
Looks like a lot of those folks were giving you the middle finger actually... if you look closer... no one really likes you, @realDonaldTrump 
#Impeach45
ils étaient là le 5 mai 2013 ? #5MaiFeteAMacron 
Fake News.
Yeah.  The two hundred people are standing one deep!  
They want show the part where people was giving the middle finger and yelling FUCK Trump
Fantasy crowd and scumbags yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you senility and thank you to my dumbass supporters!
Despite having angry dogs biting you ankles you remain undaunted!  You are a very special person Donald T.
thank you USA
