And Puerto Rico is in the dark,without food and shelter for many. This Is shameful.
Then address the politicians in Puerto Rico.
Why is the power out in Puerto Rico? Who’s in control of the structure and policies in Puerto Rico?
Two days ago,they had a full island wide power outage. Hurricane season is right around the corner. GOP is prolly hoping the next one just wipes "the problem" clean.
It’s irrelevant to say that someone hopes for something to happen when it’s fact that Democrat policies are in control and in place in Puerto Rico and have been for a long time/ it’s time for a change in PR
This is what winning looks like 
This makes me want to http://puke.To  just think there are this many gullible people in the US.This many immoral people in the US. Just puke and also sad
If God could use these immoral people, he can use President Trump. Glad God is the judge not you or me.
The ones you have named as being too old,too young,dead,lazy etc.are not even close to what trump is.Not the drunk even. Trump is a traitor,a psycho and a danger.We witness this,not told by rewritings to fit the need of the http://day.Open  eyes.
Sure doesn't look like that when the motorcade goes by in DC. 
Or pretty much anywhere. This is not unsolicited. I’m sure the relentless propaganda machine got the drumbeat going. Now, THERE’S where the wall should go.
Troll
You have 4 followers.. Bot...
Not sure if you notice POTUS but there are meeting rooms in the White House that you could use once in awhile imagine how many millions of dollars you will be saving us taxpayers if we didn't have to pay for you to go on vacation every weekend
Hey pal, he already donates his entire salary. Did any other President do that? How many vacation miles did O’Bama log in his first years? Check that out.
So he gave back his salary of $400,000 possibly do some charity probably the NRA. But then is costing us 10 million dollars a year for him to keep going to Mar-A-Lago every weekend
He is working non stop!!
Hilarious. If it weren't for his weak bladder he wouldn't get out of bed.
Where is "amercia" and why is Trump making that great again instead of the U.S.?

How cute there’s like 15 people out there ‘resisting’    God bless them, Soros not paying today???
Yeah, lol, and covering the sign that says they want free whatever, always wanting something for nothing!!!
That’s exactly right William  #LazyBumLibtards
All I see is a bunch of old goats that wanting socialism in USA remarking negatively, you will have you hands full.....
Wow that crowd is yuuuuge almost as big as your inauguration just needed one or 2 more people and you would have gotter there #NotMAGA
NOT MAGAAT least you admit you’re not  “NOT MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN” this explains a lot on your support of Hillary. I support #MAGA That’s why I support Trump.
Not sure how you deduced that I’m a Hillary supporter but I guess just like potus when someone points out a problem with @realDonaldTrump go straight to the Hillary card. #NotMAGA is what @POTUS is doing.
Oh my so you don’t support Dems.,is that what your saying? Lol
Ok, now show us the real people and the real signs...
Ur butt still hurtin'?

Key West welcomes Trump with a chorus of "Conch Republic Hellos" because Florida (WARNING: STRONG LANGUAGE) - video via @ColleenHough 
What a lot of noise from a foul mouthed little group
Vocal you maybe, but majority NEVER
It must feel great to know you have idiots that likes all of your bs n no matter what u say or do they will like u n want u .... a bunch of retarded deplorables
Don't be such a HATER. We lived through Obama you will have to deal with @POTUS #MAGA
44 wanted 2 unite Americans but because of his skin color you idiots hated him but what you don’t understand is that he was a good man even though you forget he has a white mother a white grand mom n father you fail 2 see the man only his skin color n that he has a beautiful wife
You sound ignorant judging me on my statement. Obama did nothing but divide this nation. His wife was as bad if not worse.  Go back in your progressive hole while @realDonaldTrump exposes 44 and his corrupt administration. I totally support @POTUS #KAG #MAGA
That crowd loved him today
Key West welcomes Trump with a chorus of "Conch Republic Hellos" because Florida (WARNING: STRONG LANGUAGE) - video via @ColleenHough 
Always has to be a handful of jerkoffs in the crowd that are mad they have drug testing before collecting benefits
Resign already
For what?
Hi leg.  For starters, racism and bigotry. Cheers
False.
They are false leaders, I agree.  They don’t support anyone but themselves, I agree.  They are FALSE!  You tell em gim!
So when do we get paid for showing up?
As soon as Soros gets to town!!!
You guys are mean. Hillary had way more people lining up for her. Compare my photo now.  @HillaryClinton

Trump supporters are everyday Americans from ALL colors, backgrounds & creeds. We are the real America the MSM doesn't want to talk about.

#MAGA
They'll have to talk about us if we get off our asses and vote in November and get all our friends and relatives to vote as well. Might even help if we volunteered to drive folks to their polling places..If we make this a real "RED NOVEMBER"..they will talk about us...
Beautiful scenery with beautiful signs honoring our magnificent President Trump! We love you so much @POTUS and pray for you. #MAGA
Beautiful scenery? And the signs are mediocre, don't expect much from Floridians. Also, most of us in South Florida dislike Trump, this is a really small crowd, even for Key West
So sorry you don't like our wonderful @POTUS  You sound very ungrateful for the beauty that surrounds you. We LOVE the signs #MAGA
Didn't you hear the' FUCK YOU' Chorus? He was welcomed all right; Crowds screaming 'fuck you' at the top of their lungs. Where were you? Hiding under a lesbian at first base?
It's much better with sound.
Resign
How much did this trip to promote your personal businesses cost Americans?
and my personal FAVE shot of the day! this means GTFO our SANCTUARY CITY.
Yes, you are a dirty bird.
Are you from Key West? Do you know anything about Key West? yeah that’s what I thought.
I know more than I need to about Key West, and no I'm not from there.
Very nice!!!!
Think the MSM will show this... Not Mr. President we the people who are Not being paid by Soros Thank You!!!
No you are being paid by Robert Mercer
Troll
Hahahaha .. they frigging hate him in Florida. Especially where Mara-a-lazo is located.
@realDonaldTrump could you teach your supporters how to spell America correctly ?
#FloridaPride #FloridasBest #SunshineState #MAGA
天地神灵和我的法术呀，你们快除掉习近平，使中国安静，利益中国，利益人类，利益世界！
我的亲人小近平呀，你快一点死去，让我们这些流浪、流亡世界的正义人们早一点回到我们的故土！

God of heaven and earth and my magic, you quickly get rid of Xi Jinping, make China quiet, benefit China
The people were screaming f**K you.
Good, keep the nutjobs all in one place, build a wall around it!
Lol they booed him
Trump is garbage.
What a wonderful welcome for @realDonaldTrump...so glad they showed him an appreciative greeting.
Wishing I was there as well!
There's more people there than at every single Hillary rally combined
As a Florida Deplorable I must say that in my small town in Central Florida we are very big supporters of our President and the Republican Party, as long as they do what they should. If not, you are out of here! :)
Well, this was very nice. 
Wishing I was there too! MAGA!
Beautiful!!!!! God Bless @POTUS ! 
It's that where Mar-A-Embezzlement is?
Look at all those Russian loving suckers
Never realized there were so many Russians in Key West.


Heard you are lawyering up watch out might end up in jail for your king clown
Great to be in the Key! West!
Drive by the impeach sign, losers.
Did you have to stop the parade so the same fifty people could run up to the next block and cheer again?

He stands for our vets and the men and women in Blue
Respect
Love the patriots. But Mr. President, do not sell out our 2A rights. Back door regulations by the ATF is BS and you know it.
Here is 800,000 protesters at his "other"house in DC
In case you want to compare a real crowd ..
Hey there must have been 15 to 20 unpaid actors there today! The 5 next to us were from Sweden!!
The biggest crowd ever to see a presidential motorcade! Ever in history!!!
Millions supporting you
FL hello
Get the Pedos please
Thanks
NOPE THEY THOUGHT IT WAS OPRA...SORRY
Nice must be at least a couple hundred Ppl that have been successfully brainwashed! Truly sad that @FoxNews @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @JudgeJeanine can have such effect! Hopefully they will take the 28 day challenge & not watch FOX! Take the challenge see if you are brainwashed
Ya gotta love Key West! #ConchRepublic

Key West welcomes Trump with a chorus of "Conch Republic Hellos" because Florida (WARNING: STRONG LANGUAGE) - video via @ColleenHough 

GOD BLESS! Proud of POTUS! Thanks, Dan!
i love him
Beautiful 
@mercedesschlapp @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Wow!
Wow what a bigly crowd
Do you switch back & forth between your Twitter account & Donald’s? 
Hillary has way more people showing up

Eat your heart out isisobama and crooked killary @BarackObama @HillaryClinton.
Have a great trip Mr. President!
Millions of Americans love you Mr President.
Come back to Tampa Fl soon please
Love it 
If the President were only in red states more often, we would get to see him and he would know we appreciate him. DC is not America.
He came to Key West to talk about building a wall? Now, if it was to  counter sea level rising, that would make some sense.
Using logic to come to illogocial conclusions?

OMG....look at all those #ImWithHer signs ...and practically nobody there #MAAAAAAAAAAAAGA
@SloppyJoesBarKW I will take a MAGA in Paradise
Mr. Scarvino,  Should  be a great meeting with the Joint Interagency Task Force-South with @SouthComWatch, @Norad_Northcom and @DHSgov in Key West, Florida.-South Meeting with @SouthComWatch, @Norad_Northcom and @DHSgov in Key West, Florida!
After he ban transgender military, after he failed to acknowledge Pride Month? 
His administration has a long anti-#LGBTQ. Kick bastard @realDonaldTrump on the ass out of #KeyWestPride. 
#TheResistance

Wow that was nice !
And always peaceful we PATRIOTS ARE!!
Wethe people love our President Donald Trump
Love this!
if you are going to post photos of the crowd, make sure the Trump "supporters"  actually know how to spell America. It is not spelled Amercia
Don't engage liberals, I mean, communist. They're fake accounts. BLOCK THEM! They are here to harass because, they hate!!
We love you dear President !!
I was there!  Lots of supporters were out to see our POTUS  go by!  Thankful for the work he is doing to fight our drug epidemic!  His efforts are saving lives.

@chardunbar2 @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @southcomwatch @Norad_Northcom @DHSgov @SecNielsen  'POTUS, I hope has added Security'!


Hope you're enjoying your vacation while the taxpayers foot your bills!
He's not doing anything to help the epidemic except probably buying stck in the companies that push them.
“We The People” ... gotta luv ‘em!

Are you his babysitter?
Here is the REAL crwod!
Love Trumps Hate. Democrats standing up to Trump today in Key West. #BlueWave  
*crowd
Wow that’s really awesome.  MAGA!
A beautiful thing! Love the thank you poster
That was my group at the MetroPCS. It was an honor coming out to greet @realDonaldTrump as you headed in to our island Paradise. Next time we hope you bring @FLOTUS and can stay longer. #MAGA
So you do all of #45 tweets.  We pay you $179,000 a year to work his twitter account and make him feel good.  A waste of taxpayer money
Deplorables! Patriots! MAGA!
The #dncBots and #dncTrolls are out in full force, when will @jack do something about these idiots?
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/987053248195518464?s=21 … #graft #waste @OfficeGovEthics
Scott Pruitt spent about $45,000 in government money to fly two of his aides and three security agents to Australia last August to prepare for a planned trip that was later canceled, Reuters reports.
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-pruitt-exclusive/exclusive-epa-chiefs-aides-security-agents-made-45000-trip-to-australia-idUSKBN1HQ2U7 …
Where's the Conch Train?

Love the sign a lady is holding up in the last pic..
"Thanks for saving our country".
My thoughts exactly.
Why it's there a large area blacked out in one of the pics? Didn't like what someone had to say Mr Con-Artist in charge?
Thanks Dan, these are great!
Yep. Can’t  believe anything you see, hear or read in the MSM
This President is more appreciation and respect than we have seen in decades
Take your medicine grandma.  It comes with Kool-Aid.
Great respect for President
The photos show Trump's fans on Key West, right ???

oh, man - that's almost as many as at the inauguration!!!!
Everyone wants to see the Porn Star Fkg ,President . The Freak Show is in Town .

There is no leadership under trump
LOL, that’s it?
The latest disaster to hit Key West
Yes the yokels welcome the stupid and the greedy!
Sloppy job there Dan
How much of our tax dollars went to those fools to stand on the side of the road and act like they give a shit??
You obviously are thinking of Clinton supporters.
And Soros patrolled stooges who have been documented and tracked hotel to hotel and city to city
LOL Wut?
Leadership? What Bull...
The Trump  Parade  should  start  giving out  candy  and have  floats , The Trump @trumpmobileusa have  Veterans & Sons of Confederate  Veterans march, Have Trump  train  float , A trump hotel  float , flags cars. Little  cars  , It could be awesome. He just needs  themeparks
Cool! Paid protesters. I guess Canard likes protestitutes too...
Nice to see a photo that doesn't include 1 800 DIALAMOB, isn't it? 
Where are photos of the protesters?  The massive banner across City Hall?  Not so sure his welcome was all that “beautiful”.
Didn't realize Key West had THAT many racists...
Crisis Actors  

 #Cult45
#NotMyPresident #Traitor #MuellerTime
Just WTH is Amercia?
Russian operatives often struggle
 with the Amercian language.
Wow, white people that support a racist president in Florida?? Unheard of
#bot
WOW ! That one pic is pretty SAD, SPARSE, and PATHETIC...
Suck corrupt mob boss presidential cock, much?
#GUILTYtrump  #GUILTYtrump #SPANKY #SPANKY #SPANKY #RELEASEYOURTAXES #dontTRUSTtrump
. @Scavino45 @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @southcomwatch @Norad_Northcom @DHSgov @SecNielsen A block and a half of single lined people holding signs bigger than the crowd is a great welcome? Any idea how much they party in Key West? They were probably drunk.

I rest my case. Another miserable turn out for 45.
Welcome to The Keys,  Mr. President!
http://storisand.blogspot.com/2018/02/world-cup-russia-2018-pot-12-3.html …
Staged...
People are so damn mean these days. Think everyone needs to take a minute and Talk to God about your behavior
Looks like he's pretty popular in an area where it's predominantly Democrat!
He didn’t post the protest photos.  Look for the huge banner across City Hall.
He still has half the people in this country. And, he's popular with a lot of democrats, I know!!
No.  Not half the people in this country.  30 percent of Republicans.  But even that, to me, is shocking and sad.
Well, I know you think you're right, but I also, think right. I'll go with my sources and information!!
What, no photos of the protesters?
Was this the “largest crowd ever to witness” a clown in KW?
Amazing how delusional the left are trying to sell themselves as having this in the bag. looking more n more forward to the midterms and next election cycle. We are not going away but rather gaining steam for our Potus. 'Let Freedom Ring' and God Bless Trump 

So I go click on the heart and it tells me your tweet was delete .... I close out the @Twitter box telling me it was deleted and hit it again ... and it worked ... Imagine that @Jack why are you still playing games with us ????

Why, there are literally dozens of people. Just out of curiosity - this briefing y’all are on your way to, it wouldn’t happen to be taking place at a Trump property, would it? Because your boss bills the taxpayers top dollar every time he does that and pockets the money.
#MAGA
He has ruined beautiful Florida and Palm Beach for the rest of us.
Gee, wonder if Liberals are confounded as to why gay haven Key West would host such a warm welcome for POTUS.  It’s b/c intelligent patriotic gays know where Trumps’s heart is. He’s a total patriot who serves ALL of us & wants the BEST for EVERY American.
Because they didn’t.  There were many protesters not shown in these photos.  Google some!  See for yourself.
Google yourself. I prefer facts.
What does that mean?  Where do you get your “facts”?  But I did google, and here’s just one photo...

I used to live there....beautiful place. It's so nice to see the people turn out for our awesome president!  It's probably because Key Westers love to get out and enjoy life and not stay glued to #fakenews on TV.

Scavino still there?
DISGUSTING!
.Oh yeah, the Beloved Leader, Kim Jong Trump.
Can’t even spell America GTFO 
GOLDEN 
@realDonaldTrump 
RUSSIAN HOOKER READY TO TALK ABOUT THE TRUMPRUSSIA CONSPIRACY
This is why you can't trust polls, wherever he goes, he draws crowds!
See a lot of middle fingers there in the crowd.



Why is Donald, his supporters, his friends, former lawyers and associates 
 WORRIED …

Where’s Clinton or Kennedy?

In pic one upper left under the street sign, what was blacked out, lady in pink?#noteveryone
WOW! What A Welcome! 
#MAGA #Istandwithtrump
