Did you mock their disabilities dotard?
He said the athletes were “tough to watch.” So, he found a new way to insult them.
WATCH: During an event with Team USA Olympians and Paralympians at the White House, President Trump said, "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little…
There are not words foul enough to describe this man
Agree Elene. When you think he can’t sink lower, he finds a way.
Sink lower lets analyze that no collusion but hillary and dnc did x Fbi director leaked classified info lies under oath killary was involved in Benghazi, private server and much more sink low enough to destroy evidence and liberals say about sinking low lol
Your analysis (deflection) is so so tired. Try harder, sport.
Its a shame ppl dont hear the truth and it gets tired sink so low a President how help stop a war in the korean peninsula wow how low will democrats go?
Did you mock any of the paralympians?
And once again, Trump decorated with borrowed plumes.

#PhuckDonaldTrump
At least trump has done more in one year than Obama did in eight http://years.plus  the dems fight him every step of the way

Then you are not a US citizen and your thoughts on our President mean nothing.
Pretty sure you're not a US citizen   #RussianBot

The only one here resisting is you.  You may need to rethink who the enemy of the state really is.
Juliana, just climb into your hole at Dutch Wonderland.

Best President ever!!! #Trump2020
Why is this in quotes?
Donald Trump said something nice. The world is ending
When Kevin? I must of missed something. Hmmm
He congratulated our Olympians!! Rare. I know
Nothing was nice about it. He said it was hard to watch them. That's a slap in the face not just to the disabled but to every severely injured vet that's worked hard to recover their sacrifices to our nation. .
He is probably the most unapologetic person in the whole world! He will not apologize for anything he has done! I don’t think he knows what the word means. 
To bad those BONE SPURS keep you from playing golf.
Thank YOU, Mr. Trump and Mr. Pence
I want to thank every Olympian who refused to meet you—a reprehensible man who clearly lacks the principles the Olympics were founded on. Those who did not attend are standing by their principles—I congratulate you on your actions.
Well said my new friend Christy! I am so proud of the people that did not go to the White House! We salute you girls and guys! #Resistance
You told a group of Paralympians that it was too tough to watch them compete you emotionally bankrupt horror of a human being.
#MAGA #USA
#Trump8years
So why did Pence NOT STAND for any other country during the Opening Ceremony in South Korea? Trump and Pence are fools and racists and do not support the Olympic sports and spirt. They're an embarrassment to the USA.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#TheResistance2018 
#BlueWave2018
#Resist

TRUMP (talking about Paralympians): It's a little tough to watch, but I watched as much as I could.

Imagine losing your legs then fighting your way to the…
BREAKING ON ESPN: FIFA cites ethics rules regarding Trump’s tweet this morning trying to influence other Countries vote for the location of the 2026 World Cup. Might take the US out of contention. BILLIONS LOST!!! Thank you, Trump Twitter!  Is this #MAGA?
Love how he keeps causing his own problems cos he’s so dumb. #fakepresident #foxnewsmeltdown #unstablegenius
It’s true

You must be a homophobic racist.  You don't think black people can think and express their own thoughts.
Homophobic racist? He doesn’t seem like a trump supporter.
Mmmm.....wondering where the female athletes change room is aren’t you big guy?
Lol
Just wondering. 
I wish he’d weigh me. I need to lose 15 pounds.
Lol
Why are you such a blight on humanity? Like, I actually fail to understand how one man could be so bad for everything we hold dear. Obviously movies don't imitate life
Team USA The Best 

@realDonaldTrump doesn’t deserve the honor or respect of these great athletes, good call  
Stop it. Athletes do nothing for the people except to bring pride. Who really does something for the US is the President. Stop that bullshit.

You have to be kidding me.
Nope. He's serious...more's the pity.
I thought it was a joke too, till I looked at his acct. people are looney.
Jesus, well-known pussy grabber who flashed his money around, and had an abysmal sense of self-importance and borderline dementia. Oh, he also mocked disabled Roman reporters in front of his Apostles.
Traitor

Trump knew of the Trump Tower meeting before it happened, as it happened, or *right* after. Period, full stop.

As a *separate* matter, Don Jr. is now using a bad-faith privilege invoca…

#StopTheWitchHunt #TakeDownDeepState #WeSupportTrump 
#Qanon #WeThePeople #GodBlessAmerica #GodBlessPresidentTrump #ComeyForPrison #SaveTheChildren #ReleaseTheTexts #GodWillWin
Many of the USA team members,   Gold medalists stayed aways as they object to your behavior and policies rowards immigration and the LGBTQ community. They think you are not worthy of their time


DEVON NUNEZ SAID... NO COLLUSION! 
3 John 1:2
#Beloved, I pray that you may prosper in all #things and be in #health, just as your #soul #prospers.
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
Proverbs 21:1
The #king’s #heart is in the #hand of the #Lord, Like the #rivers of #water; He #turns it wherever He wishes.
Oh it would be tweeted if was  Obama and that Trash... you guys just can’t take it when our President gets some much needed praise.

Hi

Tic tock
shame on both of u

Shame on you for misleading the public.
The way @potus cringed and said “it was tough to watch” made the world blush that a US President could be so insensitive to these brave athletes who have risen above loss of limb to show strength and determination through competitive sport. @realDonaldTrump is a disgrace!
We love YOU President Trump and THANK YOU for making America GREAT again!!!!! I'm buying one of your hats. I think your AMAZING and oh how you have battled FOR US!!!
Unless you're disabled, or black, or a woman but yes let's go with 'all of us'
Did you pee on any of them?

No way you wrote this.

See thread @SethAbramson: “There are bombshell revelations deeply damaging to Trump in the just-released HPSCI report written by Trump's allies and agents in the House. This thread discusses them via a deep dive into the timeline of events the GOP now seeks to obscure.”
But it was too hard to watch?
What the everlasting fuck is wrong with you?

#TrumpResign

No one should ever forget that moment. It was repulsive and it should have cost him the election.
Did you honor any tennis players today? 



#psychoinchief believes it was the best ever Olympics because of him. His words.
It was. MAGA Olympics. Learn it. Love it.
Of course you’d say that.
Yet you took your time to reply. MAGA.
Ok BOT
I'm sure the Paralympians remember how you mocked a reporter with disabilities.

in the last days there will be a difficult period.
Men will become selfish, covetous, boastful, arrogant, rebellious to parents, unthankful, evil,
desolate, unfaithful, slanderers, fornicators, cruel, enemies of the good,
traitors, insolent, blind of pride, friends of pleasures

You miss slavory? Wow , you should be ashamed..
Hard to watch them?
The same ones you found “tough to watch?” You are just an awful person.
While I approve of this message, do not ever say you speak on my behalf again. You do not.
He does half he American people
@Scaramucci bot. Reported
"I disagree there for your a bot"
That Russian to English translator doesn’t work very well. 
Therefore*
#MAGA
10:00 on a Friday night and @realDonaldTrump is tweeting “Witch Hunt!”

This. Isn’t. How. Innocent. People. Act.
#YouAreFucked                                    Even @foxandfriends knows it.
Why do you stupidly begin a sentence with the word “so”? It seems childish and unprofessional.  I thought you went to the best schools, David Dennison!  Sleep well!
Who but a thug has AKAs like Trump?
What exactly made it “tough to watch” Paralympic athletes?
WATCH: During an event with Team USA Olympians and Paralympians at the White House, President Trump said, "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little…
They don’t meet BLOATUS’ standard of perfection.
So once again 45 embarrasses himself with callous and crude comments.  What a bigot!
Trump couldn’t even get a participation trophy in the buy your wife a birthday present event
The paralympians trump found hard to watch?
Are you also congratulating all of the Olympians who refused to tarnish their medals and refused to be seen with you at the @WhiteHouse?
“... it’s a little tough to watch ...” -a sad little man
Where's the part where you say Paralympians competing is "a little hard to watch"?

The world thinks you are hard to watch. Excruciating.
This is hard to watch
You know "what's tough to watch" @realDonaldTrump ? A draft dodging,  #LiarInChief sitting in the Oval Office!
Even your hairspray doesn't work 1/4 as hard as these wonderful, amazing athletes do.
I would like to congratulate every Olympian that declined to visit the white house.
"It was difficult to watch" that's how the majority of us feel about your presidency. You lack of empathy for people with special needs is disgusting;then again everything about you is disgusting. #IMPOTUS
The sight and sound of Trump creates a physical revulsion in me; tough to watch is an understatement. He’s devoid of empathy or humanity and truly is #IMPOTUS .Trump is intolerant of diversity in any form.
Exactly
"What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could." (Donald Trump)
Also, what a chance for some more grandstanding, politics, and self admiration, huh?
Trump you said that people called Jackson names and said things about him that wasn't true and then it was really mean and terrible isn't that what you've been doing for the past 2 years I mean aren't you the example that's being set that's really rich Trump really really rich
But it was hard to watch those disabled ones, yes?
U think it was tough to watch the Paralympics eh Donald? THIS was tough to watch.
Yet you thought it was ok to do this...
So today, on behalf of the United States, I want to say "Trump is a moron!"
Kanya West, Candis Owens, and President Trump together making and breaking Pop Culture history!  This is pure excitement!  Game changer.

TRUMP (talking about Paralympians): It's a little tough to watch, but I watched as much as I could.

Imagine losing your legs then fighting your way to the…
Go to Rep. Adam Schiff's twitter page. Time to BURN that WITCH!
Don’t pretend for one minute that you really care about these amazing individuals and their achievements. They certainly have more stamina than you will ever have!
Even though you said you can’t bear to watch too much of it....?
Yeah, it’s awesome! Too bad the president disrespected all the Paralympians.
Why didn't your #bonespurs qualify you to be part of the Paralympian squad?  #teamUSA
What kind of pig would say "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring  to me. And I watched — it's a little tough to watch too much, but I  watched as much as I could."? #NotMyPresident
Welp! OBAMA...HILLARY and of course we know who the Joker ended up being  #MAGAFail #TheResistance #Resist #Resistance #FBRParty #FBR #LockHimUp #TrumpMeltdown #TrumpTowerMeeting #TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded #TraitorTrump #MAGA #MAGAts #Trumptards #Trump #WWEGRR #oldheadshotday
Except the Paralympians... 45 is repulsed by them. Can you imagine how grotesque he finds Special Olympians?
This is my grandson at his Special Olympics event! He’s Autistic but that doesn’t stop him! I thought of him when I read Trump’s vile and heartless comments. #differentnotless
He's gorgeous!!
And now we would like to announce we have cut your funding so we can help pay for our tax scam
Can you say the rest of what he said, like it's hard to watch these handicapped folks

Funny how a great deal of the Olympians do Not want to meet you.
Do you know who James Shaw jr is just asking
This is who you are...sick, depraved , without a soul.....and most certainly not worthy of the title you hold , temporarily
Paralympic Games

@Paralympics
 Record numbers around the world are not finding @Paralympics tough to watch. Billions of viewers now take in the Paralympics in hundreds of countries around the world.  We hope the US President continues to watch and be inspired by the Paralympi
Love ENVIRONMENT with INCOME. FRANCHISE VILLA/RESORT : 1. IMPLEMENTATION VARIOUS SUSTAINABLE ENERGY 2. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRYCULTURE GARDEN 3. ADVANTAGEOUS OF RAIN WATER FOR MULTY FUCNTION 4. GARDEN FOREST FOR PAPER MATERIALS & OTHERS. BEP 6 YEARS ONLY as Property @Ir_Sarwono @FLOTUS
You had trouble watching them?  We have trouble watching you.
Nice job insulting the Paralympic athletes by telling them they are tough to watch. You are tough to watch all the time.
@realDonaldTrump You know what's truly "tough to watch"? Your craven, soulless, depravity ... Every. Damn. Day.
This man is James Shaw Jr.

He is paying for the funerals of all four Waffle House victims out of the funds raised on the Gofundme page started for HIM.

But you won’t hear about him from Donald Trump.
Trump today - "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible & so inspiring to me. And I watched - it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could."  

Why is it tough to watch the disabled - you don't even know when you insult somebody anymore. SAD
I find YOU difficult to watch AND listen to ALL the time. Your mouth is disabled.
Too bad those amazing/courageous athletes were so tough for you to watch. Your bigotry is limitless.
We remember how you ridiculed someone with disabilities. We will never forget.

French first lady Brigitte Macron told Parisians why she pities Melania Trump: report
-We pity her too.
 https://www.rawstory.com/2018/04/french-first-lady-brigitte-macron-told-parisians-pities-melania-trump-report/ … #SmartNews
Seems a little disingenuous after this.


Idk if it is just me but i cant see one black person there and ik there is one on the team
You, @potus, need to get a clue about showing respect to persons w/ physical challenges - news reporter & now paralympics. They are heroes. But you mock persons transcending physical impairment, & find them "tough" to watch. YOU are pathetic excuse for presid. Vote Dem #resist
@potus, when @Whitehouse & @PressSec filter your releases, they come-off much better. Did you know that big parts of America find it embarassing listening to you trying to put a sentence together, & cringe watching you deal w/ foreign dignitaries. Read a book or something #resist
Even though he could barely watch?? #WORSTpresidentEVER
He only respects “perfection” even when nipped,tucked, pulled and full of silicone
Yet you insulted the paralympians. You really are a POS. Why was it" hard to watch & you only watched a  little. These athletes are inspiring and you're disgusting as always
Even the no shows?
I'm Korean. Please help North Korea and South Korea unify. If South and North Korea unify, Trump, you are a great man.
Thank you Mr. President for honoring ALL of Team USA!  Even those that put their politics above their country.  #MAGA
Congrats!
大統領様おはようございます。スポーツバカは、一般社会を理解できない。
Glad loser Lindsey Vonn wasn't there, we didn't need  her to win a gold medal (good thing) to represent the True American Patriots.

Yes Congratulations ta all of the olympians way to go team America
FUCKYOU.
Trump/Russia conspiracy Treason Obstruction of justice
“Tough to watch” you said. Despicable deplorable person.
Good job @teamUSA
Greatest Team In the World. Greatest President in the World. Team USA PRESIDENT TRUMP - GREATEST
#StopTheWitchHunt #TakeDownDeepState #WeSupportTrump 
#Qanon #WeThePeople #GodBlessAmerica #GodBlessPresidentTrump #ComeyForPrison #SaveTheChildren #ReleaseTheTexts #GodWillWin #ReleaseJFKfiles
Oh and Congratulations to William and Kate on the birth of their son Louis.. who is Prince Louis fifth in line for the Throne.
As reported by The Klein News Agency:
#SaviorOfTheWorld
ईस समय प्रकट महापुरुष अपने ज्ञान से भारत में शांति और अपार सुख प्राप्त  कराएगा  वह महान संत कौन हैं देखिए ईश्वर टीवी चैनल 8:30 PM से
 देखिए साधना टीवी  7:30PM 
@AmitShah
@ZeeNews
Trump on watching the oaralympics.
“It’s a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could.” This is the same man that mocked a disabled reporter. Trump, you are the lowest form of human life and the country is ashamed of you.
USA 
And yes it is hard to watch and imagine what this person and their families have gone through, but it is wonderful to see what they have achieved also. We only wish the best for all
Well, except those Paralympians...hard to watch too much, right @realDonaldTrump?
I watched — it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could.
Donald - with all your medical problems that got you out of serving for your country you probably could qualify as a paralympian! You definitely are qualified for the special olympics!

The absurdly partisan House Intel Committee report—complete with the Nunes clown show—underscores  precisely why an independent Department of Justice and Special Counsel investigation is so necessary. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/989870523042680832 …

There's evidence that the Russians sought to use the @NRA as a conduit to make first contact with the Trump campaign. House Republicans declined to investigate it. #TrumpRussia 

Gun rights activist Paul Erickson in a May 10, 2016 to Jeff Sessions' aide Rick Dearborn: "For reasons that we can discuss in person or on the phone, the Kremlin believes that the only possibility of a true re-set in this relation…

Gun rights activist Paul Erickson in a May 10, 2016 to Jeff Sessions' aide Rick Dearborn: "For reasons that we can discuss in person or on the phone, the Kremlin believes that the only possibility of a true re-set in this relation…

NEW: Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) says he is "eager" to release transcripts of interviews with Donald Trump Jr. and others who attended the 2016 Trump Tower meeting with Kremlin-linked Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya

…

Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn had undisclosed meeting with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. in December 2015, shortly after Flynn first met then-presidential candidate Donald Trump https://nydn.us/2r3Xux0  

BREAKING EXCLUSIVE: The NRA is setting aside years of documents regarding its ties to a Kremlin-linked banker https://cnn.it/2HwMwuh  

1. To me, the previously unreported July 15, 2016 email from Flynn is a bombshell 

He says things "will happen...via cyber operations...b…
And further more my grandfather was deported when he came over to America he wanted to be an American so bad he learned English started a business got his citizenship. And worked very hard for this country he was proud to have the opportunity to come backand become An American
Respect to everyone who chose not to meet w you
@DonaldJTrumpJr
MR TRUMP PLEASE SIR STOP THE SPRAYING OF CHEMICALS ON US PLEASE WE DON’T WANT CHEMTRAILS PLEASE SIR AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
, IIo II! P
Ich, o
 O
  Ich, po
Ich
O
The best !! Keep up the great work Mr. Trump.  Stay on track moving forward and doing the right thing.
Yes, I particularly liked the part where you said the Paralympics were "incredible" and "inspiring"... then just HAD to add: "And I watched--it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could."
Algum deles já ganhou a Libertadores?
It's also hard to watch you!!  What you said was so moronic!!
Awesome man, this is great! Go @TeamUSA
@Adaripp  whiny baby
2the WHITE HOUSE / better all state governments in America & world focus to end any snake bites & be ready with anti venom vaccines&CARE/um*
Were all of the participants Americans?
Its so hard u
Your comments today about the Paralympics were a nauseating look into your “soul.” I’d say you should be ashamed of yourself, but we all know narcissists are incapable of that emotion, so I’ll just say “fuck you” and leave it at that.
USA team is full of "drug" users... WORLD TOP SECRET
Come on white house, finish the speech. You know, the part where he says it was hard to watch the Paralympics. #nationalembarrassment #TrumpResign
Except that you said you found it hard to watch the Paralympians.  You are fu*king disgusting.
I AM LIBERIAN
USA! USA! USA!
You are a real piece of work, it was hard for you to walk ch these athletes?  You do not deserve to be a part of their celebrations.
OUR President. Taking time to do the good and right thing again. Thank you Mr. President. GOD Bless AMERICA! 
WATCH: During an event with Team USA Olympians and Paralympians at the White House, President Trump said, "What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could."
Una vita nel fare che continuerà a fare.....
It was hard to watch? You said the Paralympics were hard to watch. WTF is wrong with you?????

#Resign

Oh, sweetie! Were you able to watch the Paralympians enter the WH, or was it too difficult for you?


As long as you're not disabled. They are 'hard to watch'. Disgusting pos
This.
I tried watching Trump insult Paralympians by saying they’re a “little tough to watch TOO much, but I watched as much as I could.” Frankly, it was a little tough to watch such a vile, empathy-disabled twit at all, but I watche…
Pretty sure it Just did
“What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me. And I watched — it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could.” 
-Donald Trump
What about deaf athletes? This is a joke. We’ve represented the USA too thanks for leaving out thousands of athletes
Hey Freeloading #ComplicitPrincess HalfWit 
TOO LATE daddy already FUCKED this one up! 

He hates disabled people 
and POC 
and women 
and LBGT 
and Muslims 
and Mexico 
and the environment 
and science 
and schoolchildren 
and reason 
and compassion.
and the truth 
and the law..
Your a good man President Trump. God bless the paralympians and those olympians who competed with no political malice! Note to olympians who competed with political malice....you found out first hand that karma is a bitch!
“It’s a little tough to watch...” You’re such a piece of shit and you dont even try to hide it And then you bitch and complain like a fucken baby that the media doesn’t treat you fairly and it’s #FakeNews It’s not fake news, you’re really just a #POS human 
How could you say such a thing to them? You found it hard to watch them? Can't watch it for very long? Why? Why did you say such a thing in front of them? You just don't have what it takes to be a human being, let alone a president FGS!
I have a dream! In that dream, the "People’s Posse" make a citizen's arrest of McConnell, Nunes, and Ryan for Obstruction of Justice; Carson, Pruitt, and Zink for subornation and willful receipt of bribes; and Pence and Trump for Obstruction of Justice, bribetaking, and treason.
"Trump said in remarks at the White House per the Paralympics. "And I watched — it's a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could.” DT do you know how hard it is to watch you? But we are forced to every day and it sickens us.
“tough to watch.” - What an insult
Love ENVIRONMENT with INCOME.  VILLA/RESORT with : 1. IMPELENTATION RENEWABLE ENERGY 2. FRUIT-FLOWER-AGRYCULTURE GARDEN  3. RAIN WATER RESERVOAR FOR FISHING GROUND 4. LOCAL CULTURE & ART.  @RadenSarwonoIr @IvankaTrump
Can trump sink any lower? He can and he will.
Even though it was so hard for you to watch???  If there's a wrong, inappropriate, insensitive thing to say, bet your bottom dollar this POS POTUS will say it. A daily embarrassment.
“... as long as I don’t need to watch you. Man, that’s tough to do.”
Great
This from the asshole that openly mocked a disabled reporter on live TV. Forgive me for doubting your sincerity.

Be honest  with yourself Do you believe @realDonaldTrump is doing a good job as president?
stop president Mohammed buhari of Nigeria from killing defenseless Biafrans
