Don't let him get French dandruff on you.
ሙሞ።  ክ ኢኣኣኡን9ኡኑ9ኡን
"Friend", right.

Here's your friend, well you think so anyway..
#PutinsPuppet

You’re probably asking “how great are the hookers in France?” or “How many McDonalds are in France?”


How much are you paying him?
you look like a bag of dog food
Have you ever once defended any of the women Trump has body-shamed over many decades?

Why @realDonaldTrump’s Vicious Body-Shaming Of Women Matters
No you’re not. You’re in the midst of tweeting.


- will he hold your hand since Melania won't?
President Trump, please please get out of Europe commitments to give lran a break. As long as they are in power, all Middle East is unstable. Iran is the cause of all chaos in the area. As you better than me know, they are supporting syria, Yaman, and any other ill-minded regim.

Yeah that’s NOT what he said about YOU!
Please give @EmmanuelMacron our apology and tell him tomato juice will neutralize the Trump stench
I thought Putin was your friend?
You two looked so cute today holding hands.
C’mon, you don’t have friends!


And macron does not agree with you on anything. Try doing the right thing for a change.
Thanks for those two standout visual moments today - Grooming Macron and the Search for Melania’s hand
.  You are funny!!!!   You have n friends!!! 
I love having you as my president...I hope you make another four.
Quite a bromance
Good job

This is what it really looked like.
Really is very wonderful for a meeting of 2 this  president .
President Trump Your Leadership Is Impressive!!!  I Appreciate All Your Hard Work!!!   GOD Bless You And Your Family!!!
The first lie started by this fake phrase: "Islamic Republic of Iran".

Iran has nothing to do with the "Islamic Republic" and liars like Zarif.

 #ZarifIsALiar
#ImWithHer

RETWEET IF YOU THINK .@FLOTUS is the most beautiful #FirstLady ever!

.@realDonaldTrump 
.@WhiteHouse
Bromance, handshakes, hugs and kisses all too much! The French kiss twice on 2 cheeks or shake hands - they don't hug!  Certainly they do not pick dandruff off jackets and then announce it. Again @Potus ignored his etiquette advisors! Really creepy behaviour for a US president!
The 'dandruff' thing was typical Tramp power games,  very similar to his violent handshake.  All about t5i g to show Who'se in charge,  sadly it's all known and treated with contempt.

great

The grand welcome ceremony by military and band.  Well done.  So proud of USA
Why don't you just go to one of those places and get out of our White House
1} Brigette gabriel
100yr (MB)muslim brotherhood plan..CONFISCATED
 (holyland terror trial)

https://youtu.be/_1vj1MF2de  https://youtu.be/nKt2zaOrxD8 
huma

https://youtu.be/LAFHOHIiFZA  
GENERAL CLARK ADMITS plan to invade 7 countries in 5 yrs starting with iraq ect..ending iran.WMD'?
Why is the White House website showing the evil satanic hand gesture out of thousands of pics available? Are they showing their support or calling him out? I would really like to know.
Midst
It’s a shame she didn’t want to be touched by you.
You are a tool.
OMG FLOTUS is so beautiful in everything she wears. she is like a Goddess among mortal men. she is flawless!!!!
Had great meeting & discussions about classified information with my russian friends, & President @putin. We are in midst of more meetings to dicuss my pee pee tape trade. We will be holding a joint and smoking it shortly, here at the @WhiteHouse. 
Nice
The main thing from this was you pointed out he had dandruff on national news. Maybe it was yours from hugging him.
日本と北朝鮮が対話をしないのでしょうか

Friend? You mean a fan of @flotus.
You got no friends.
Did u c the gorilla analogy that’s going around Facebook and Twitter?
Trump The Best!!! 
What a waste of our tax payer money #showoffpres
Thank you sir
I wish you weren't so crass. Did you really think that you were doing him a favor by wiping off dandruff from his shoulder, then acknowledging it on camera? You have no class.
  Ohhhhhhh Gal you have been busy 8 yrs to ruined your own bloodstream.
And he ripped you a new one on his speech to Congress. You are the laughing stock of the world. What an embarrassment and terrible role model you are to our children
You know Macron hates you right, he has to play your insignificant mind.
#ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW
Melania. Perfectionist in every way Fierce Lady as well as First Lady 
razem w gru syidiowali...

#ReleaseALLTexts&JFKFilesUnredactedNow
كس  اختك 
Muito bem!
United States & France 
Press missed this great photograph!
Bravo !
Bravo !!!
French President will always like to let us know how to conduct a Military Parade in honour to Strength, and honor!
mester trump what do u want with mullah regime of iran? . everyone is waiting for your promise to left the jcpoa. the only thing french government is thinking just peugeot and airbus and mullah dollar
Are you happy with your New Golf Field in Syria, designed by your great gardeners ? ;-)))
I must commend you Mr;President ;You have become a well rounded Public figure of great honor and respect to the world in such a short time.Your dedication is one God will richly reward you in the times ahead.Keep prayer in your heart every night to Thank God of his guidance.
That is one crazy hat.
honestly, the best pic you all will ever muster up. yeap its a keeper but you must remove this photo when you leave the whitehouse this year! It cannot stay although its nice
Did you tell him that your lawyer got in trouble for hiding your secrets and working as a go between for you and Russia?
what was the weather like in DC?  Trump is huge (huge) overcoat and all others in jackets.  What gives with him???
You need to get rid of that horrible coat Don.
Dear President Trump, thank you for marrying such an elegant and beautiful first lady. And please know that you and your family are in our prayers.
Donald necesito unos $10 millones para arreglar asuntito con La Chayo que ya me tiene podrido , esta matando al pueblo . 
Nos tiene pactado con el diablo 
el clavo es que somos la Ofrenda .
Te paso el número de cuenta por inbox .

Oh honey. You still think fox and friends are your friends. I’m sorry you don’t have actual friends.
No Prob
Young guy with old woman and old guy with young woman
Keep the business going  and tell your wife the first lady happy birthday and God is with your help making America greater than ever before
President trump stop the worst agreement with iran.                                It's going to be extremely difficult to stop the Iranian to get nuclear weapon with this agreement. History repeats itself look at north Korea.


WHEN YOU STOPPING LOBBYING AND IMPLEMENTING TERM LIMITS THESE ARE SUPER IMPORTANT FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO TAKE OUR GOVERNMENT BACK
Did @EmmanuelMacron ask you about the Golden Shower Scandal?  That had to be awkward.   What about Cohen taking the 5th?  Didn’t you say only guilty guys take the 5th?
Thanks...
I love you Président Trump but no Macron
@realDonaldTrump @EmmanuelMacron
 I love the way  you do everything  so  elegant &  rich in history & love for all.
America First!!!
You don’t have any friends!!!
You don’t know anything about the friendship he shares with bill Cosby those drapest love each other

SCOOP: The F.B.I. first gave the White House counsel a file containing spousal abuse allegations against Rob Porter in March 2017, according to a detailed new timeline the bureau has given to Congress

…
#DownWithUSA 
#shut_up
Has someone ever told you that YOU TALK TOO MUCH??
#Trump what business does #US have in #Syria? afterall, atleast #france has a say as it was under French league of nations post #WW1 'coz you're in @PutinRF_Eng is active there as he doesn't trust you! Remember #Libya? #Gaddafi @UN
GOD BLESS DONALD AND MELANIA. HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
Really? How can you be this misinformed?
So anybody who flatters you is your friend?
What did your mama teach you or did Fred ship you off at a early  age . And you  made your own rules of life like lusting after your own daughter and cheating on ur wives and cheating others long as it benefits  you
He is  Santrich a friend of Gustavo Petro. like all of FARC
Gustavo Petro is very dangerous, for us and for you. Help us !!
Help us, Colombia burns friend of Petro sending cocaine to U.S.A
You looked like a fool, face it your hated PERIOD.
I had a great dinner last night with friends. Reminiscing about old times & dreaming about the future; A hopeful future without assaults from the President on common decency, the Press & democracy. Throw in literacy, & throw out hookers peeing on the bed.  Dessert was great, too!
總統先生
You wisely prevented another viable international leader from too much press corps exposure.
Hmm, @OwenJones84 has 740,000 followers -- should be a party!!
OFFICIAL: Donald Trump is coming to Britain on Friday 13th July

EVERYBODY OUT ON THE STREETS!…
RT @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @tedcruz Australia, United Kingdom, France, Sweden & others should receive no special deals, exemptions, and/or exceptions until they pass laws that protect their PEOPLE. They must re-ARM their PEOPLE now (pass #2A laws to ARM their CITIZENS). #USA
#Down_with_America
Good for u  mr president
Cool!!!
we francji albo od frani z kwmo lodz szmata ruska .to pic gru szmaciarza dla podatnika
czerwony dom i żydowskich pizd różowych z wyw prl

There you go: NY prosecutors cite Trump comments on Fox this am that Cohen did “a tiny, tiny little fraction” of his legal work as reason to expedite review of seized documents 
I love your hand holding and kissy kissy pictures. Who knew you 2 were so close.
He is not your friend. He saw right thru you!
Macron did a very good acting job. Things leaders have to do to achieve goals for all man kind. Do you think Macron really likes Trump?
Beautiful  melania~
LOL...HE IS MOST CERTAINLY NOT YOUR FRIEND. YOU DON'T HAVE A FRIEND IN THE WORLD. REALLY SAD.
آقای ترامپ ما مخالف پذیرایی وتشریفات و استقبال شما از روسای جمهوری فرانسه وهمسرش ودیگر کشورها نیستیم؟ما مخالف ظلمهایی که با همکاری دولتمران شما به ملتهایی مظلوم سوریه و فلسطین و  یمن وعراق بحرین و... توسط متحدان شما یعنی اسرائیل در منطقه انجام میشود هستیم/
What are you trying to say, if want live in America try the language. If I lived in china I would try my best to to speak the native language
so sad you have to wear that big winter coat to hide your fat.while everyone around you dresses so nice
Did you pick up a copy of “International Policy Etiquette For Dummies”?
He’s NOT YOUR FRIEND!  Fool
Sehr gut
He certainly took your ass down in front of congress.  You got played......
https://www.facebook.com/denisa.urbanekbrhlik/posts/10217022474893345 … Emotional Strong and RIGHT 
https://www.facebook.com/aarronlambo.official/videos/1230789210389049/ … 
Holding a joint meeting? Seems you were holding his HAND
Nice job mr president
Trump lookalike discovered in Spain - holding a Hoe!

God be with you both in your decisions.
Don't forget the dandruff brush..
Hope you enjoyed your fancy party while hard working Americans struggle everyday!
The United States (OF AMERICA) Have Always Been Great Friends Of Australia, Thank You
Wow you have 1 friend . How many times are you going to tweet that. #YOUARENOTFIT
I’m becoming convinced that @FLOTUS should represent the country. Charming, poised, professional. You look like a potato sack.
военный трибунал ждёт вашу троицу из за удара по Сирии. У вас руки в крови
VOMIT on you all and your flags

BUNCH OF SELL OUTS nothing more... 

hope you crash all of you : )
Thank you POTUS & FLOTUS please destroy any sign that Obama was ever in this office HE WAS NOT LEGIT BORN IN KENYA!!!

He to busy with kiss other people to get what he for him self and rich buddies
Hope our politically correct zealots have not caused us to miss the bus. He may not ring everyone's bell but at least he supports the UK at least for now. Let's look past ideals and bring common sense back to politics or protest our way to oblivion.
Wouldnt it b great if we could all get along & share our resources. Live life by the golden rule? As u get older u realize the true value in life is your family & friends. So lets leave them a world worth living in. W/ NO privacy ANYWHERE how can we b safe? FISA abuse DANGEROUS!!

Look! You have a friend. That’s precious. You know he’s faking, right? #ResignNow
What a gentleman Macron is ..and ultimate professional...perhaps lessons could be learned from him on diplomacy tact
Your friend? 
If you stay in the Iran deal they have to give up Robert Levinson or no deal!

ART OF THE DEAL! MAKE IT HAPPEN!
It is global pleasure to see the good partnership between president Trump & Macron. It looks diifferent from each other but we can find a kind of harmony of solidarity. In the domestic affairs also,  I hope them to have frutiful consequances respectively.
「ハイ！ミスター・トランプ、サイン下さい」と言いたくなる素敵な写真画像です。
