GO Mike! Yeah baby.
A secret joint stockpile 5 miles underground in case of alien invasion. Deeper yet if you know the plan.
Incredible. What a difference our President has made.
Yep we became a banana republic in less than a year.
Name one right you've lost
We all lost.
https://twitter.com/alboenews/status/990108352414912512?s=21 … I bet this is his ex wife
Missouri woman found hiding loaded .38 handgun in her vaginal cavity and multiple drugs in her bra
READ MORE: http://buff.ly/2I4nBep 
No it isn’t greitens or trumps ex I checked for you

Week Before Blaming ‘F*cking Russians,’ McCaskill Said Election ‘Impossible’ to Rig http://ow.ly/nsOO30jJlV1 
I must be mistaken, but I thought the Korean Scientists who designed and underestimated the nuclear underground blasts cracked the Mountain ?  No wonder North Korea wants to give up or redesign their nuclear program.  Got to Anyway.
denuclearise the world, ultimately,
Americans should trust your words? Abuse of power, obstruction of justice, corruption, violation of the Constitution emoluments clause, sexual harassment, criminal activity? #impeach45 #FlipItBlue2018
Isn’t Mr. President wonderful. He could’ve started a war. Instead by negotiating try to bring all countries to gather. Of course those countries know can’t mess with our good hearted President. Leave then no alternative, but-cooperating.Teaching them war is not the only
Solution. We all Americans ppl should be realistic. Accept the fact we got the best President. If ppl have common sence. Can distinguish after all those years, so got a great President We should all love him, stand by him, appreciate our President.Don’t believe  Media & Democrats

Those talks have been happening between SK and NK for years. It didn’t just happen.
Outstanding! 
Cause our presidente is TO afraid to do it himself..nothing new.we always knew you where a coward.
Mike sir sec awesome it was wonderful work I need with u hope we can continue mentor thank you Shawn
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!!! Keep up the wonderful work you are doing President Trump and Secretary of State Pompeo!!
Those who don't learn from history will repeat it. This time it's nuclear. Please re-consider going over there.  You don't shake hands with the devil and not get burnt. could he be luring you over for an #assasinationplot?
How are they going to keep @potus alive if he goes over there and it's a set up?  I am really scared for him.  The devil loves to sooth people into thinking he's not going to strike
Maybe if they did their job of vetting their nominees instead of relying on congress to do it all, they would get more confirmations.
Glory be to God like President Reagan @potus used peace through strength. @realDonaldTrump we are praying for you and we love you. Put God first;  pray your way through. We stand with you. You  are doing a great job and it's driving the democrats crazy! We vets love you! #yourock

No. This photo shows not-secretary-of-state Pompeo in North Korea. He was just confirmed 3 hours ago. Rex Tillerson was still Secretary of State at the time of this trip.
Who gives a damn??? Really. I think you are missing a huge point.
um. i do. obviously
Why? What upsets you about it?
i've explained in detail throughout this thread. feel free to browse.
I'd rather not waste my time.  It's a win for the world. You being upset about it is weird. Drama drama.
then why bother commenting in the first place? lol
I didn't realize you would be unwilling to express your reasoning again.  I commented asking a question, after that I realized you are unable to discuss. Boring.
Lol y'all didn't do shit. Stop lyin
President Kim Jong Un took over for his father. It took him some time to realize what he should be doing. Give him a chance to correct the wrong doing. He is at least trying unlike the democrats. Plus he like RODMAN! Not kidding this is a personal trait.
Lovely one
@realDonaldTrump Sir,#Congratulations
Ur #Efforts r TrueFilling in #PositiveWay.
#HatsOff to  #KimJongUn & #MoonJaeIn 4Initiation of #Peace at #Koreas #World.
It Enhance Positivity among #Countries Leadrs.
#Steps2Peace Lead #Development of #Healthy #LifeStyle.
#Transformation
@UN
It’s funny how these Heads of State are now being forced to eat their scathing words about Trump’s lack of diplomacy. He’s showing them the art of bringing peace to a long embattled Korean Peninsula. 
Him? Hahaha
Jesus Christ almighty. The earth has been saved from utter annihilation. A true and intelligent leader
(Size 3.5)
I hope he is receiving iodine treatments after his visit. Things don't sound too good for visitors in that neck of the world.
Who knew @HillaryClinton and Kim Jong Un had the same clothing designer 
Confirmed.
Yeah, because it's not like folks in Thailand or China or Catholic priests' cassocks or some African nations haven't rocked that circular collar look  So, what did you think of @realDonaldTrump 's telephone call to Fox and Friends? 
45th should start worrying about MR.Muller hes coming to get him he should be checking his rearview mirror his time is almost up
Brainwashed much?
Somebody has been watching #MSNBC
Amen. !!!
A friendly reminder that Mr. Pompeo was not Secretary of State at the time this meeting occurred...
Kim & Mike
You Are Setting Such A Great Example For All Of Us
Proud Human Here :)
double fat
When all of you trump supporters are paying triple rent because of his administration, im just telling you now, DONT TRY TO BLAME THE DEMOCRATS!
Hate to break it to you "land owner" but how do you like not being able to deduct all your land taxes from your income.... BTW i own 14 acres of lush land and a house, think before you insult ppl you dont know. Oh wait... conservakids dont think. And they say there Christian.
How in the world was it okay for him to that trip as CIA Director? How on EARTH was it okay to go in a position he had not been confirmed for yet?!?
Because Trump thinks he can do whatever he wants and dont you dare question it. He will fire you lol.
Why question it? What impact would it make if this went your way. (Can't wait for you to say the word impeach)
Lol. You're funny. Sending Americas top spy to negotiate in secret, great idea.
Insulting is pointless.

If we had another president. Until then we are screwed.
Stock market record highs, black, Hispanic, and female unemployment at all time lows, tax cuts, over 2 million jobs created, over $3trillion added value to the stock market, ISIS decimated. I can go on and on. Stop playing a victim, this isn’t the Oppression Olympics!
Nixon went to China and met Mao Zedong.  LOL,  Stop with smoke and mirrors, lies.
Psalm 121:8
The #Lord shall preserve your going out and your coming in From this #time forth, and even forevermore.
#GOD protect our #Nation  #JesusHeals #OneNationUnderGOD
1 Peter 2:13-17
Therefore #submit yourselves to every #ordinance of #man for the #Lord’s #sake, whether to the #king as #supreme, or to #governors, as to those who are sent by him for the #punishment of #evildoers and for the #praise of those who do good. For this [1/2]
is the will of #God, that by doing good you may put to #silence the #ignorance of #foolish men— as free, yet not using #liberty as a #cloak for #vice, but as #bondservants of #God. #Honor all #people. Love the #brotherhood. Fear #God. #Honor the #king. [2/2]
UN DIALOGO DE PAZ Y EL ESPIRITU DE DIOS QUE SIGUE TRABAJANDO EN LA MENTE Y EL CORAZON DE LOS HOMBRES
Capt

PHOTOS OF CIA DIRECTOR NOT SS AT THE TIME OF MEETING.  BIG DIFFERENCE.
Wow!
You had had nothing to do with this meeting @POTUS nor did anybody in Washington.. as for Mattis he needs to stay the hell out of this.."neither one of them Pres. can stand you...
There is nothing so sweet as a little strategic tough love to get the kids to hug and play nice together.                                Great job @realDonaldTrump  and @RealMikePompeo           Love LoveLove#TrumpToughLoveWorkedMiracles
This is wonderful ...looking forward to making peace with North Korea for the future ...  So proud of all three of the leaders North Korea, South Korea & United States ... Good for you all !!! Good for everyone!!! Good for the world !!! So proud
Excellent job, well done

The Liberal Elite really hate the fact that Trump and those he chooses actually get things done. Even before Pompeo was approved, he was making things happen. You either make it happen or let it happen. Libs prefer the latter.
We’re going to war we’re all going to die!
Eat your hearts out, MSM! Nobody leaked this!
those two definitely ate a lot of something
Omg Dios esta obrando
I'm curious will the US do a Gaddafi on Kim once he gets rid of his nukes. I know Trump won't but what about the war mongers....?

DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL!
another great move
Bravo Pompeo!!! 
I LOVE YOU POTUS! YOU ARE MY HERO!!!!
 If This Works Out President Trump The Entire World Should Be So Thankful To You  Great Work From Ontario Canada We Love You!!! Best President Ever!!! We Need You Here!!!
We’ve got it!
Our president was good at representing us/USA without having a Secretary of state...what a concept, stepping up as a president..I hope Pompeo the best of success.
@POTUS  You lose!!! U r not the best, ever!
Praying...
If anyone should be praised, it’s the leaders if North and South Korea.  Did everyone already forget what happened at the Olympics??
Kim Un is trying to get South Korea to get rid of out troop in South Korea. He has a plan
Oh please!~
The S Korean President appears to be doing a great job
Lol, US desperate to get credit for Korean unification and peace efforts and divert attention from the real historic friendship unfolding between North and South K. leaders now.

#USgohome Not you business.
Just Go Home.
Imagine how many lives that may be saved.
Somebody please explain. What sort of the word adversary does this White House not understand? This is as if they were getting on their knees in front of their emperor. Kim Jung Un, you and your kind are not to be trusted. At any time. No matter what. Very embarrassed.
#NobelPeacePriceforTrump
Kimmy executed his own uncle. How naive are you people going to be?
This is called 3D hallogram projection.
Looks like a successful meeting.

Thank you President Trump for not backing down 
Pompeo is bad ass

Kim jung is Not smiling here as he was with South Korea, I feel like we're gonna be ganged up on
Excellent job Mr President!
No difference in Kim or Trump, there both fat bellies
All the lives this Kim from North Korea  has taken, he must answer to this world?
Justice must prevail ?
Will the world forgive all of his murders?
Kim Jong Un new home should be Guantanamo bay for the rest of life in a pigs parlor, filled with dead bodies.
#Denuclearisation of the #NorthKoreanPeninsula, or #northKorea? Will #KimJongUn just try to buy time until @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is out of office, and wait/see what happens afterwards? De- denuclearizing is in the BEST interest of #NOKO, b/c they will FLOURISH WITHOUT THE NUKES
Who would have thunk it? Pretty cool. Good luck with these dealings. I'm sure if it was Obama in office we would hear about his great acts on this issue for about 6 months in the "news"
LMMFAO
I can not even imagine meeting this evil monster in NK!
Won't help as much as the work South Korea has put in.
Tears of Joy! #MAGA
No,  those pictures are of head of the CIA.  Remember,  he wasn't Secretary of State yet.
@POTUS has brought Peace to Korea and Defeated ISIS in 18 months - this qualifies for the Nobel Peace Prize #NobelPeacePrize #NobelPrize
Propaganda. Tks to China & Putin
This is incredible



Trump is doing more for this country every day.
#Youthcome2019# please retweet and follow back.
Rex Tillerson would have done much better. Rex was establishing good relations with other countries. Personality conflicts and pissing matches have no place in our government, but here we are.
I like analyzing the body language here. No smiles, who is dominating with respect to the handshake, intensity of the eye contact, stance.
Gotta love this!
Good work, Trump.
اللهم زلزل النازحين و البوذيين و الملاحدة و عبدة الطاغوت الصهاينة و الفجرة الكفرة  المجوس في جميع أقطار العالم اللهم نكس اعلامهم
History is happening and MSM hardly notices. Says a lot.

https://www.google.com/search?q=trump+tirade+about+obama+north+korea&oq=trump+tirade+about+obama+north+korea&aqs=chrome..69i57.4959j1j8&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8 …
@realDonaldTrump   Oh how the emperor loves to upstage everyone!  Has to be centre of attention ALL the bloody time.  It is trump first and \Make trump great again...he should go back to reality tv  --out of his depth in White House.


Right......I cannot fathom the pain that the normalizing of this killer is doing to the family of OTTO WARMBIER and all others who have been victimized by this inhuman being.
accolades  ovation for the great feat in making him cross the boarder 
CIA doing SoS work
let’s get REAL... regarding North Korea... it’s South Korea that’s the hero in all this NOT Trump and NOT Pompeo...
PRAYERS God change hearts of men, turn their HOPE to You the God of Abe, Isaac, Jacob & of creation. God hear our PRAYER from heaven where you dwell between the Cherubim. God HEAR & ACT. Though USA turned its back on You don't turn from US. Your Mercy & Grace be unto the USA!
WINNING !!!  #MAGA
Congrats! First day on the job and working hard already!
What an amazing picture
Release some pictures of the Trump meeting at the Trump Tower with the Russians.
When leftists came online today to see all of Korea personally thanking @realDonaldTrump #MKGA God Bless America. God Bless Korea.
Welcome
Come liberals! Take your best shots on Trump for this one! Or cry about peace,  that seems your only recourse on this one.

Keep up the good work, Kim! Just be careful, @realDonaldTrump hands are much smaller and harder to find when you get ready to shake his!
It is a small one's opinion, but if it is repeated many times over the past and deceiving the American government now again it will be irreparable to the world again. They will never give up nuclear weapons. There is no longer grace. I hope for correct judgment
No one benefits from Wars except the ones that invest in Wars and humans around the World are tired of Wars that never seen to end! Keep ENEMIES OUT, let Countries mind their own Business and stop advertising that America is a place where you can come and live for 'FREE'!
#ThankyouTrump
The world needs to be safer than it is now. Every effort towards it is welcomed.  I think our languages need to be moderated and modulated if we should achieve it - safer earth.
Amazing. Only, the significance of this moment and link not understood by " little resisters."
South Korea’s Foreign Minister tells me in Seoul that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” for bringing North Korea to the negotiating table. “He’s been determined to come to grips with this from day one,”…
Nice job but I would watch if he pulls a fast one. I support the president 100% but don’t trust this guy Kim!
What did Trump do?
If there is one deserving candidate for #NobelPrize for #Peace it has to be @realDonaldTrump. He’s pulled out a miracle!
JUST RELEASED:  Congress to subpoena REAL REPORT OF POTUS' PHYSICAL HEALTH.  DID JACKSON MISREPRESENT THE HEALTH OF A FAT HOG?
Do I hear an Amen
Dear USA :

Please leave both Koreas alone! Get out, you have no business at all in the Korean Peninsula!

Signed,
Peaceful People All Over The World 
Wow - he sure got to work quick!
Exelente encuentro entre el representantes de Estados  Unidos y el representante de Korea, al fondo se observa en un cuadro las gruyas blancas volar, ave mítica y podía decir símbolo de paz, entre dos países hermanos Corea del Norte Y Sur, que Hermoso gesto de PAZ. Para el Planet
24 hours late as the real action was yesterday


I think it is your merit, Mr. President, that the Korea situation has this outcome. Congratulation!
My thought is for China to help NK build factories for consumer products. Get some Chinese capitalism going there maybe to help them earn money for its citizens.
Mike Pompeo is a strong and faithful Patriot
Great Photo so good to see after all those years of isolation.
Awesome!
The pathetic MSM will Never give Trump credit, the Disgusting Socialist Liberals hate to hear what a GREAT job President Trump has done in NK



This just looks pathetic. You’ve got nothing to do with what happened today between the two Koreas.
Peace in Korea will be an achievement alluded since war. Let’s pray this denuclearization comes about . Great for all the world.
Korea doesn’t need you, let the leaders there find their own way to freedom. That would be much better for the world !
Sanction russia
yea, yall aint doing anything.
Nothing to do with pussygrabber...lol he's a joke
So glad you did not send the rouge orange. This could go well and not to hell
Don't trust Kim's word.
WHAT A WONDERFUL WORLD !!!!!
“Pompeo” rolling up God’s sleeves and packing it in (literally)... s on God. Tu for Your strength it defines Her edges.
Fat man Pompeo
I’m so confused.
Thank u Trump
And somebody,not a million miles from here,said diplomacy was futile....
Looks like they hang out at the same gym.
As what I always say, Mr.Trump is a great president.
LMAO the Koreans have decided to make peace ALONE and keep your drama queen administration OUT of it.  Cut the BS, nobody wants you dip shits in their affairs
#Frenemy jeeping your Enemies closer
recommend fire and fury on NK KJU
We will scream forever 
#DownWithUSA 
#مرگ_بر_آمریکا
Come get us
VOTE BLUE
They are the men !
Heblo
Cela ne sera que du bricolage avec la Corée du Nord la seule solution pour libéré les coréens de se système barbare c'est de l'eradiquer définitivement déjà pour réunir les 2 Corée dans leurs libertés d'avenir, cetre merde de dictature ne devrais plus exister au 21ème siècles'Hum
he was not sec of state here    this was trump being a fool again   kim was gracious
Nope 
passel of hogs, inc S Sanders
Yes, right! Just look at those pics!
They share an unbreakable bond! Both are guys who've clearly never had unpaid sex with a real woman!
A picture is worth a thousand words and mike WOW that face says it all with no words being said! 
Not good it is a Putin, Un ploy to take over South Korea with the threat of Nuclear War and Trump is going to help them.  Keep up with the sanctions till there is a regime change.  Then we can put Korea back together with a democracy.
Mordor
God bless and keep the USA His wisdom and favor with Secretary Pompeo
Handshake of blood to visit The White House 30th April, #nigeria president #PMB
