Unless you're cutting taxes 100%, than you're not helping Americans. #TaxationIsTheft
Just curious, in your no-tax utopia how does society pay for things such as education, infrastructure, government employees?
Same way they did before taxes.
Hey Mark,Taxes have been payed since way back in the biblical days!How can u b athiest when u kno nothing about the Bible?Start reading before you make dumb comment like that.

WOW,I'm at a loss for words!I feel sorry for you,I really do.Your life must really suck without the "LORD"!
However, I do feel sorry that you think you can't enjoy life without having an imaginary friend. Wow, how sad. To think of all you're missing in life. all because you're brainwashed and blinded by fairytales.
I will not respond to your remark but I do have to ask,do your children have imaginary friends,that you know of anyway?How about your friends children,you gonna knock them?!
There is no real winning until the criminal IRS is completely abolished.
Fico feliz..  Pelo povo abençoados sejam por N.S.Jesus Cristo..  AMÉM
I don't think
Hardworking Americans?  Maybe that’s why we haven’t seen Trump’s tax returns! @realDonaldTrump
Você é americana.   Eu teria vergonha de pergunta ao seu presidente o que vc está falando..  Vem mora no Brasil...  Seja convidada de honra     Agradeça Deus por Donald Trump ser o Presidente dos Estados Unidos da América.....  Não saiu da sarjetas pra ser presidente... il
#TaxationIsTheft

REALLY GOD BLESS THE BEST PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME
You’re the one needing help—maybe if we’re all lucky, you can ask to be committed to the same Loony Bin for Lunatics that Trump will surely be going—sooner rather than later—you deserve each other & need to be taken off the streets.
You may want to slow down and see who I am responding to.
Have you forgotten already?
China has been stealing American intellectual property nationwidely for decades,most of the software running in chinese computers are piracy. If u are an inventor or a designer whose intellectual property are stolen by China,when u buy moreChina goods,u hurt yourself more deeply.

The middle class tax cuts expire after next year.  Corporate tax cuts remain forever and we have no money for infrastructure. Also we should be investing in renewable energy and weaning ourselves from fossil fuels!
Thank God for President Trump coming in and getting rid of all the stupid Obama ideas… Sooner later get rid of Obamacare anything else that he thinks is going to be a legacy. Worst president of 21st-century= O
History will prove the opposite of what you are saying.
No it won’t! Obama was backing socialist leaders in Albania with US taxpayer $ money. That’s disgusting! Clinton and Obama and Kerry and Mueller=They sold 20% of US uraniumore to RUSSIA/PUTIN with their disgusting uranium one deal & $ to Killary Foundation 
No increase in wages, paying more taxes...it’d be nice if just once, truth would come from this WH.
Yeah because that’s what 62-year-old grandmother’s do, get on Twitter and lie. Grow up and stop watching Fox news. Your hate is showing.
Oh I know Hillary fanatics that lie lie lie lie lie lie lie… They are just so in love with her! They don’t care if they will ruin! the country w Killary in charge THEY JUST WANT HER 
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @SecNielsen @ICEgov @ICE_Markets 
@CBP @SenBobCorker @SenCoonsOffice @SummitAmericas @OAS_official @SenCoryGardner
#MAGA #KAG #NationalSecurity #Commerce #TradeWar #DivestBolivia #BoycottBolivia #GreatAwakening
Especially since you gave our entire year's tax credit to the billionaires/ Nice touch Donny, Hope you get a big roomie in prison from KY!
Thanks, POTUS, but I am waiting for the complete shutdown of the Federal Reserve and its goon of a collector, the IRS. They are both unconstitutional/illegal. Personal income tax is unconstitutional.
Release your tax returns. What are you afraid of?????
Changing? I'd love to hear how. Because my income tax DECREASED from one year to the next!
funny, it has never beena day this hard working merican dreads.  more Trump #fakenews
Yeah, where is my SALT deduction?
My accountant said I may take a bath on taxes next year. I had better not have to write a check to the IRS next year!
Where are your tax returns Trump?

Had to pay again..... we are not rich people.
Pay your taxes. We have to
Once again...this administration can take "0" credit for job creation, economic growth, or global stability...President Obama please come back...this orange faced monkey does not get it.
#DumpTrumpNow
Op-Ed, no. Fiction... YES
Winning how and who are winning?

Yes Yes! America Economy is back and roaring and its people are winning big and big and big! Go Trump!

JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 
#LiarInChief @realDonaldTrump #Corrupt #Fraud
Go ahead delete this posts!!!! Are all your supporters blind?! 
US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer spent more than $917,000 to  furnish the two trade offices near the White House, according to  contracts reviewed by The Post.

Big deal

F@ck off American day and @POTUS
Taxes are a breeze with a good computer programs and a computer.  Even file electronically.

Yes we 9M #USCitizensAbroad  dread it - especially if you have to do it TWICE A YEAR and don’t even reside there.

Fix it please, finally

#FATCA  #FBAR #doubletaxation  #TTFI
My taxes were filed before the end of January I got the same amount of money back that I always get because I've been doing my taxes by myself for the past 26 years. You haven't done anything yet. Quit trying to take credit for lies. I don't dread tax day at all
OUR TAXES GO TOTHE QUEEN AND WE ARE SICK AND TIRED OF LINING HER POCKETS! SHE DOESN'T NEED ANOTHER GOLD CARRIAGE! SHE ISN'T THERE TO SERVE, SHE IS THERE TO BE SERVED! WE ARE TIRED OF NEEDLESSLY PAYING OUR TAXES TO HER AND HER CORRUPT GOVERNMENT! INCOME TAXES ARE UNCONSTITUTIONAL!
Anything that orange asshat has to say is obviously a lie
1.5 trillion in debt is not winning!
lol
Those rich dudes taxes just stay low
In five years our taxes go up ?
America is winning? Is there an "America" about which I am unaware?
Keep trying to distract with your tax scam tweets. The people that really matter know what's going on. Cohen.  Stormy. Russian collusion. Trump's tax returns. Hannity.
Who operates this account? Are my tax dollars paying for this propaganda machine?

AMERICANS ARE NOT AS STUPID AS YOU MAY THINK, ESPECIALLY THE MILITARY WHO R RETIRING IN RECORD NUMBERS! WE ALL KNOW THAT YOUR TAX SCAM HELPS THE TOP 1% . PRICES ARE GOING UP EXPONENTIALLY, ON EVERYTHING THIS TAX “HONEYMOON” IS GOING TO END ABRUPTLY FOR ALL OF US! STEP DOWN NOW!
IRS site went down. Now tomorrow is Tax Day. Not that it matters. It wasn't a cut for the working class, anyway.
The economy has been GROWING FOR 9 YEARS you twit!
Yea! More money for Trump and his cronies! All rejoice!
Our founders didn't like Georgie taken their money. Why should I ever dread my gov taken my money?? I just pay because we the people are ignorant.
The wealthy are better off
Not for most of us. The White House and the Republicans are scamming us big time
Read lies.  No thanks!
Release your taxes Con Man.
What bull!! Are you serious?
Not paying any attention to #TrumpTaxScam until he releases his taxes. You all r singing ur own praises for an extra couple of coins in our pay checks  when the predator in chief won’t even disclose his documents.  #TaxDay trump
Trump is an ass.   Before he says one more word on taxes I would like to see his tax returns.   You poor suckers who voted for this Madoff of politics need to wakebup
Talking of tax.  Any chance Trump will show us his returns or is there too much to hide?
Tell me again how you are paying for the scam of a tax reform bill. Bet you won't announce that until right after the next Presidential election. Or will you bankrupt our country like you do your businesses?
Thank you President Trump. Wish we could go to a flat tax & forever be freed of the politicized IRS that is STILL targeting Conservatives/Christians!
Everyone is working hard except for the sloth in chief who is spending yet another day, golfing. Yay team USA. RELEASE TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS LIKE HE PROMISED.
So great to live in a country where a lying SOB can become President.
#TaxationIsTheft
Feck off, Orange tit.
I guess it bypassed me bec I didn’t see shit
Yep relaxing it for the midterm elections and then wacking all of those getting bonuses costing them more than they got just to subsidize the tax cuts to Big Business following the mid-term election. NOT SMART!!!!! Americans are TOO smart for that
That's why the President of United States is the most dangerous job on the planet and that's before the media was open about taking Trump and his family down. Even call to be killed over and over and then you bicth about money for protecting them.
wait till the chief Swamp rat has his TAXES revealed not to far away
I dream about having a world where we stop killing each other for fake money God gave free will why give that up for monsters
No, it isn't. Ask someone besides trump & the GOP Congress, WH!
Anyone screaming that Trump is a phoney realize this: all he promised he is doing or done. That he has only begun. He has given all the American people stepping Stones up! Now All must choose to work your own magic within the parameters of what you asked for!
A good day for the president to release his taxes! Like he promised! #TaxScam
Roaring for the rich- the rest of the people are WORSE OFF

Where is the winning?  You are the worst POTUS ever.
You guys are terrible liars... this is just embarrassingly transparent bullshit.
Or it’s a day a non-hard workers like Trump ask for an extension to file his taxes.
Even his personal tax people suck at their jobs. To be fair to them, he probably hasn’t paid them in awhile.
So glad companies are paying less tax, boss needed a new Porsche. I can buy the fancy peanut butter once a month now. Totally worth another trillion in debt.
Best
Idk most Tuesdays are usually pretty chill
The lion will continue to roar until he fight n kill all his enemies.
Not me....u guys said my daughter is not mine and took my tax return said I owed 5 grand.. ruined my year.
No, everyday you remain in office is dreaded.
Oooooh ... will Mr. Trump release his tax returns today?
Tax cuts did not help me or people I know. Must be tax cuts for rich people only. Liers.
Do not think to hard about it that is the only thing you got done with out threatening to shut down he government or firing people who is not  going to lie for you
I’m not gonna read anything Trump writes...all he does is lie and that has been proven.  Crappy president
No we don’t dread it more than any other day fool
If hard working Americans able to stop paying taxes since they hardly make enough working honest job to live,but Politicians seem to live very well on my tax dollars,so unless I can stop paying & the rich start paying their real share minus loopholes, then Trump\GOP TAX DAY cb/ok
Paychecks are growing by pennies compared to your friends.  Your done.
It's my birthday!
#RELEASEYOURTAXES
Tax Day: the day working Americans pay for Trump's golf outings and Pruitt's caviar.
mericas economy was doing just fine,just cause its still halfway steady it aint cause trumpleshitskin helped,take a look at how volatile the markets are just cause the pig says something and his billionaire buddies make a killin the next day,gee sounds kinda fishy dont it???
What are you guys ? Happy land, la, la, la.
Where's your taxes Trump?  Our Corp tax rate was already almost the lowest in the world... Now, it's even lower.  But the corps love that they have more $$ to put in their off shore tax havens. Wonder how solvent we would be if they actually paid fed tax $$ on those monies. Hmmm
Ya know, if your tax scam was such a good deal, you wouldn't have to try to sell it so hard.

TRUMP LIES & LIES & LIES.
DOES HE ACTUALLY BELIEVE HIMSELF
Oh, ya, Trump Administration, it's NOT true SAVINGS! All you did was BORROW ANOTHER apx $2-TRILLION DOLLARS AGAINST R U.S.TREASURY- (WE, the people have to REPAY IT!)- & dole this LOAN BACK TO US in TINY INCREMENTS as a SUPPOSED TAX CUT! It's NOT a CUT! It's a LOAN we must REPAY!
https://m.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=125466191571055&id=100023230254124 …
Release your tax returns. #ImpeachmentNow
#FakeNews
My taxes + health premium went up. And ya sold my future to profiteers & criminals
.@OETAOK: “Despite the windfall of a big tax cut, Devon Energy is laying off another 300 employees.” “Devon also began a $2 billion stock and debt buyback plan.” #TaxDay #GOPTaxScam 
Thank you, Mr. President. You are very much appreciated. #MAGA

more lie's
From a President that brags he is smart by not paying his taxes!!! Still waiting for the American Public to see your taxes!! Is this one of your 25-year Audits?
Does anyone believe this? I don’t know anyone for which this is true! Gee, how many retweets is the “POTUS” going to do on this? Rofl. I have three already. More is not equal to people believing it!
It's helped me, already...
Waiting for Trump's returns.
Stop trying to fool and con everyone! Your tax plan was for the rich and you know it!!!
yes, but we all now know that the "president" is LYING.  and this means that the American people aren't winning.  we are LOSING.  because we have a lying pervert jerk pig posing as our "president."  in reality, the "president" is as phony as a three dollar bill!  ILLEGITIMATE!!!
I don't dread it.
I dread a huge, growing deficit.
The economy is back? Where the hell did it go? As a citizen who paid into it to make it what it is today, do I get a share of its frequent flyer miles?
I have dreaded most days since @realDonaldTrump became president. I look forward to the day that’s he’s out of our @WhiteHouse.

No they're not
IRS computers are broke, Donny.
The economy is roaring? Please! You call the latest GDP growth rate of 2% “roaring”? National debt and trade deficits are both up on your watch and our economic growth rate is stuck at 2% and you promised 4%.
#LIAR #TRAITORTRUMP #IMPEACH #RESIST #TREASON #FAKEPRESIDENT #TRUMPSHUTDOWN
the states are taxing us to death please help.
By ripping the people off?
Death of a Nation!

LOSER
Splain this then
WH spitting out lies like they are bullets as they try to cause massive damage with their scam.
At who's cost?  Who will pay for it in the long run?  Won't say!  Hmm!  That's ur GOP for ya

@SenTedCruz @glennbeck @BillOReilly @POTUS @VP @FLOTUS PLEASE PLEASE help Alfie Evans.  UK hospital bent on murder. Listen to dad. https://twitter.com/charlen62835322/status/986312268093771777 …
America’s economy came back and started roaring under Obamacare. Trump inherited a surging economy and is on the verge of mucking it up with the tax scam and BALLOONING the deficit. The Trump administration is raiding the financial henhouse to feed the wealthy foxes!
God Bless You ! MAGA
Mean while @realDonaldTrump is having tacos for #TacoTuesday playing golf and has no plans to show his taxes he had promised
Fake news
If by “winning”, it’s meant to be this...then you can have it back...and the deficit:
You could institute much simpler tax systems and wage deductions like in Europe. But no. Stick to your silly and cumbersome system.
@potus @realDonaldTrump - yes, we tax payers dread this day. Cheaters like you don’t because you don’t pay!
But don't things now cost more due to all the tariffs?
January 20, 2017 was the day the majority of hardworking Americans dreaded.
Trump gift to wealthiest as WH and Congress attempt to screw us out of SS, Medicare, Medicaid, social services to poor, raise tax on gas
Again I say: STOP THE S-H-A-M-E-F-U-L LIES!!!!!!!!!
R U filing this year, Don? 
Phony
