You’re leading Prejudice and racism in  but you have forgotten USA is United States not otherwise like you think
Blah, blah, blah
This includes your bunch of crooks including yourself.
Go sir you are doing great job
Is there a law stating “lawyers can not solicit clients face to face? Example: lady is in a car accident so lawyer goes to the hospital to solicitation her to represent her in a law case.
Donald you are so fake please leave
Oh agree but you let Priutt stalls us blind legally.  Fire Pruitt also if you want my respect and vote back.  That's all I ask
@foxandfriends @realDonaldTrump #schoolshootings
I thank God daily, for you! You are our miracle from God! Thank you for taking all the insults, from the left, and never giving in! God sure gave us the right man!
If the traveling herd really wants asylum, they should stay in Mexico. Mexico has offered them a welcome.
It's amazing how you seem to go after only Hispanic Illegal Aliens but there is a Russian Mafia in America that deals in Drugs, Rape, and Human Trafficking, but NON one Single Solitary Time haven you sent ICE to round them up nor have you Verbally Attacked them!!!
You need to be the first to go then. You are a danger to the entire country and our way of life. Adios pos
What your hardest task will be is how liberals and the mob not only run Chicago,but are running cities onto the ground regardless of law.
FACTS please!
"Allah and His angels send blessings upon the Prophet, O ye who believe! Pray to him and give him peace"
Allah is a man made statue that is no god.
If those felons thought they were aggravated now............
Blah blah I'm a asshole...blah blah
Congratulations trump. You now have a militia to help you achieve your personal dream of hatred for foreign immigrants and none immigrants. Let's see how much reward God will grant you for such efforts. My true prayer and desire is for you to see God
hjk
.
Bad
We need to drop the political affiliations and, since they are paid by the people, our political leaders should make decisions that are in the best interests of America

Something is really wrong with you
Hey buddy whatsup

Get them!
Thank you President Trump for cracking down in sanctuary cities. I live in Oregon & have family members who live in Portland & I will NOT go there or any other sanctuary town
I can show you proof positive of the cartels rampant criminal activity. At this point they have gained influence in many criminal organizations and social groups
This is what happens when you're intentionally vague, as you nearly always are. I personally would prefer they be locked up right here where they can't come back across the border and get lost in with the rest of the public because we deported them.
Good job.
中国的法院只针对百姓，百姓有理也打不赢官司。中国就是衙门口向南开，有理无钱别进来。
UK  and USA help World 
Well done mr trump 
U.S. Majority Shareholder is who?
YOU are a Public crisis
Good

#liberaltears
Right On!
CALIFORNIA: third world hell hole,...getting worse every single day! @POTUS
Build the wall. Punish Sanctuary states and cities for helping convicts and murderous take away their Federal funding and see how they like that. We the People Back you Trump we have your back so do what it takes.
Such a narrow view you haf Donnie. Ve thot ur penthouse vould give bigger perspective. Must be all dat birdsh!t.
The American biggest crisis right now is having you as our president resign and save us the embarrassment of having to impeach you! #trump is a lair and crook
Fear monger!
They need to pass a law to keep you from running for president.

Donald Trump you are fighting against criminals ,but some people are misjudging you
Please Mr President if you going public about matters  concerns aliens in your country pray concerning it because by thinking  you are on the sides of the white the other races will stab you at back
When does pompous POTUS have time to ru(i)n the country. For Gods sake do your job not that you are fit to do just that.
Ugly
The POTUS can simply ignore the court decision. He has equal power to the judiciary.
Congress should pass legislation that any company that you are affiliated with cannot claim bankruptcy in the future.
If you people don't like the way this country is being run, then get the ##ll out, Mexico or Russia will let you in then!
How about removing Americans who make deals with Russia. They are criminals and traitors.
Don't trust Congress to do this for one minute! Who will lead this charge for Us? Haven't heard anyone say they would. If you have, please let us know!
I have no faith in Congress to do there job.
SUCA
How about closing loopholes on purchasing assault weapons?
Military Tribunals sir. We are waiting for them.  It will be a great day for America day when that happens.
Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block sexually assaulting russian puppets from being immediately impeached and sent to prison, including white supremacists. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by.... Mueller.
Trump is great .He is sacrificing himself for the growth of the people of US.
What are your thoughts about criminals in the executive branch? didn’t you once say that anyone that is under investigation by the FBI is not fit to be president, or that just applied to Attorney, 1st Lady and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton?
Yay Trump! He'll do it too...just watch...
I love this guy!
How right you are but I doubt our leader in Congress Paul Ryan will do it. What a disappointment he is to the American people.
Having you out of the WH
Our salvation is not like the Arabs that you think of an economic program for you this year. Thanks to God, this year we count on the paper that you are going to be 3 or 4 years old, but we are Iran and we like it.00989144829632 
Well, trump if that is the case , you better get your bags pack and be the first on in line, you just described yourself to a "T".
“Aggravated felons”?  Mustn’t piss off the felons.
Bought and paid for by communist KGB. Thank you for proving Republicans are not at all smart.
DJT, U R the last person on Earth who should be giving anybody legal advise.
You messed up in Syria. There was no gas attack
The current public safety crisis I'm worried about is how easy it is for deranged white men to get their hands on guns
You are a public safety crisis.
lol it means you don’t make the rules or laws.
WE need this desperately, I hope the Democrats do not hold this up!  No more obstructions , just do it.
Speaking of loopholes, how about you work on closing the ones that give weapons to abusers and other felons? How about the loopholes you created to make wealthy NONWORKING “Americans “ even richer while the exploit the poor? Oh yeah. You can’t because they own you.
자한당은 드루킹특검 실시안하고미적지근하게 넘기면 자체해산하라 민주당에 속은 것 못지않 게 쇼로 속은 것 너무 많다 이번에도 구렁이 담 넘어가듯 넘기려 하냐 홍방자때문에 나라 또 망친다
말해야 할때 말허리를 자른다든지 일방적 가짜뉴스만 듣게 하면 분노로 홧병나 죽게 돼있다이경우 손에 총이나 칼을 쥐어준다면 한놈이라도 죽이고 죽는 게 최상의죽음이라고들 말한다 끔찍한 자살특공대의 죽음이 멋있고 값질 때도 있다는 건가
김문수 서울시장후보는 대한민국의 수도보존과 민족중흥이 자유와인권에 있음을누구보다 잘 알고있다고본다 여기서 이탈된사람이 누구인지 눈치보지말고 대담하게 행동할때 모든게 성취할수있지만소심하면 하나도 성취못한다
국민은 드높은기개를 보고싶다
THANK You Mr President
Yeah. That Constitution is such a pesky document.
I hate you with a passion.   The fact that you were elected shows democracy dont work.   People retarded enough to vote for you should be controlled  better
Z
Just a reminder, Kumquat. You can’t fire Supreme Cout Justices! (in case you were considering “firing” Gorsuch)
Something most definitely needs to be done a out this. We cannot let illegal criminals run loose. If any American were to commit just one crime the would be put in prison. They sure wouldn't be loosed. Illegals should not either.put them in GITMO. That a good place to put them.

You're a real nut case you know that
bull shit
Gracias Señor Presidente; Dios es de orden y todo debe tener orden, y eso es lo que esta usted haciendo. Los muchachos de Daca van ha estar bien con usted.
This is a mess!#buildthewall get all illegals out !
I’ve got a ideal, get rid of these corrupted and insane judges that are destroying the America!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump. What about the ones getting pregnant by American men
I guess you never heard the story about "The POTUS who Cried Wolf"
Law is not a loophole. Its law.  ICE can still remove violent criminals under the thousands of other immigration laws.
How are these people getting away with releasing the MS-13 gang members?!  If these people commit  any crimes I think the people responsible for their release should be held accountable.
Wisdom alone.


Amen.
Don’t worry President Trump about congress acting to remove dangerous criminals, they will get around to removing you from office after the 2018 midterms.
Thank you so much Sir for appointing Judge For such.

As a principled Constitutionalist, he did what was correct in Law, and he did not attempt to make law from the bench.

Now give him the full support that he needs Sir, to compliment the wilm of the people, to MAGA

THANK YOU
CALIGULA CALIGULA
Well we are working on your IMPEACHMENT. TAMPERING WITH THE OUTCOME OF A POLITICAL VOTE. YOU RAPING WOMEN AND TEENS. You using tax paying . You UNETHICAL MEDIA COLLUSION. AND JUDICIAL CORRUPTION..@realDonaldTrump we are working on The MANY TREASONS YOU HAVE LOOPED THROUGH.
자살특공대와분신자살 남의나라애기가 아니다
꽤 괜찮은 죽음이다 남아있는사람에게 자유와 인권을 줘 생에 대한 고마움과 아름다움을 한사람의 희생으로 열매를 맺는다면 죽음이 삶이 될 수도 있다 고귀한 생명을 바쳐 거룩한 삶을 살다간 위인들은 그렇게 산화되었다
빨갱이 다시 만날까봐 다음에 다시 태어나고 싶지 않습니다
빨갱이들을 또 만날까봐 다음에 다시 태어나고 싶지 않습니다
If you’re in the United States, speak, read and write in English!
GOD HELP US! May the POWER of God's HOLY SPIRIT be with us, guide us and help us!! In Jesus name, amen
Fake news

In the old days teens visited felons in jail to see what might happen with wrong choices. Maybe a refresher followed by should they be the only ones with guns might shed some light.
거짓말쟁이 단수
거짓말 쟁이 초단 ㅡ오물
거짓말쟁이 중단 ㅡ신물
거짓말쟁이 고단ㅡ요물
거짓말쟁이 폐기ㅡ고물
거짓말쟁이  격리ㅡ퇴물
지난 대선때 드루킹이 만든 단어
"반기문 죽이기 댓글 사태"
"안철수는 MB아바타" 등
문재인이 몰랐다면 가능했을까?
그가 얼마나 어떻게 관여했는지가 핵심이다.
박 전대통령 댓글사건 수사하는 검사가 내뱉었던 말"이거 대선전에 밝혀졌다면 당선 무효다."
'드루킹', 페북에 " 대선 댓글 부대 진짜 배후 까줄까요? 글 올리고,대선후 문재인이 "승리 가 시민의 힘"이라한 그건 "우리진영이 준비한 결과"라 했다 청문회특검은 필순데?피해자라는 민주당이 왜 결사반대 하나?야당특검 안한다면 민주당2중대다
There is a place for Mexicans.

It is called “Mexico". . .
Funny..
I actually have friends of Mexican ancestry. They are Americans though.. 
I have Latino friends that are naturalized immigrants who have become citizens.. I have no problem with anyone who did it the right way..  I still think the video is funny.. :P
Me gusta Mexico también.
Is Melania on the list?
Getting you and your friends out of Washington.
Criminal alien ? You ?
IT'S TIME TO IMPEACH THIS OVERGROWN CHILD NAMED DONALD J. TRUMP
God forbid we follow due process laws, right? Do you even know how our laws are supposed to work?
Could he be talking about himself by any chance?
Thanks to YOUR SC pick, Neil.
God bless you Mr President Trump! A true American hero!
Which means you're due for pick up soon right? Cohen will flip he will chose this over butch at the jail good for him
Making America Great, because We deserve success. California is showing Us Y, Democrats are Wrong.
The big public safety crisis is criminal behavior by pols in high office.
Pretty good, busy
Crime is at its lowest levels in 30 years stop your fake news, fear mongering lies
Thought this Administration would be different. Promises made nothing done. When will old administration be indicted. Maybe next election we'll get rid current dead weight
@realDonaldTrump you are a loophole. You *lost* the popular vote, which means more people voted against you than for you.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-19/manafort-probed-as-back-channel-to-russia-u-s-lawyer-says ….  They need to arrest you!

This President and his AG are hell bent on hijacking our immigration courts for their mass deportation agenda. Congress must block these attacks on due process and the independence of the judiciary.
It must be a bitch finding out you don't control the law. No matter how much you complain, there are two other branches of government that have a say in what happens in this country. And the courts can and will hold you in check; it just might take a while.
Likely not written by 45. He should be working and not tweeting, contains proper grammar and multi syllable words.
Criminal aliens. Lmao
Congress doesn't have to do anything!! Your view is that there are loophopes... others do not see it that way!!
Does that include you @realDonaldTrump

Bet E.T is shitting his self!
I hope so
We all wish Robert would hurry up so we can get rid of the dangerous treasonous loophole that is YOU!  Coming soon.......
MAGA
After an immigrate is deemed safe.I have concerns with process of becoming citizens.costs huge money.make it financially affordable. That way they don’t have to sneak in.
You & your cabinet/administration/& party are our only real threats to national, & global, safety. What are you going to do about that?

Now this I am in agreement with u on. We need to stop taking on immigrants here in our Great Country. We are shouldering the Burden of Housing, Feeding, and giving them their Start to Freedom! We should not make it so easy to come here. To live!
Humans are not illegal nor are they aliens!
Our country has more to fear from criminals like you and @MichaelCohen212 than we do from aliens. Those who are criminals will be removed. Wait until the 2020 election - or maybe before - to see how you and your corrupt posse fare.
Again, are you stupid?
I absolutely agree
