To may it whom concern...My Lai 1968
Apparently, you are not educated or you would know your comment has no basis what so ever, except to our enemy's
All without approval from Congress.  Now the Tippy-Top house needs to open the borders to the Syrian refugees. @realDonaldTrump @SenCoryGardner @RepDLamborn
Wrong, let them go to Lebonon, Egypt,Jorden, Turkey, They would fit right in there.The USA INN is FULL and has NO VACANCY!!!
let all immigrants in we are a country of immigrants DREAMERS will become citizens along with all the others @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
And I hope your ready to pay more TAXES to support them.
No the rich will finally have to pay there fair share. there went that disgraceful tax cut for the rich it will be gone in January 2019 when Democrats controll both house's in Congress get used to the changes.
Okay, we shall see.
When do the impeachment trails start! We need him out today! He is ruining our country.
Lol, no Obama already did that, way before potus Trump even thought about running!! Thank God Hilary was not elected as she would of completed Obama's task of destroying the American ppl & what America has always stood for

JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 
All I want to know is, @realDonaldTrump why did you stop humanitarian aid to the Syrian people, then proceed to bomb their country?  Do you really expect us to believe you really care about them... PLEASE! 
Yep, & his actions stopped another holocaust, which was a promise made....never again!! Noticed your silence on all the innocent kids being murdered through abortion, to which the democrats, alt-left promote on a daily basis
Abortion is a woman’s right and choice.
I remember a Constitution where Congress wages war.
If US Military is starting a war with Syria...Congress needs to wage that war...not the President.
If we're starting a war with Russia...that's Congress's job.
President's don't start wars...even illegal wars of aggression!!!
He hasn't declared war...
What do you call it when one country bombs the heck out another country and kills their citizens?
Most reasonable people call that an act of war.
A military strike is not an official declaration of war.
How do you think the USA would respond if Russia invaded our nation because of our fake elections?
Or if China invaded us because we poison our children with lead in their water?
A few bombs would be fine? As long as they didn't call it war, right?
When you gonna do the same about the murder of unarmed black men in America? Put in Federal rules of engagement over the use of deadly force, just like we have in combat as a start of that show of power.
He's trying, only the alt-leftist in Congress are blocking his every move, when it comes to doing what is right for usa&it's ppl!!
Try smarter, not harder.
Barbarlıkta üstünüze yok. Kaç senedir Suriye'ye müdahale etmediniz de neden ? şimdi bu müdahale ALLAHIN GAZABI ÜZERİNİZE OLSUN.  İNSANLIĞA ZULMUNÜZ BİTECEK SONRA YAPTIKLARINIZIN HESABI SİZE SORULACAK BU HESABINIZ CEHENNEMDE SONSUZ OLACAK .
You speak of God as if he answers only to you being so righteous. Who gave you the almighty righteousness to carry this privilege and dictate Gods will
He doesn't dictate God's will, he follows God's will.  If you were a true Christian, you would be able to discern this.  If you're a Catholic, then that is your problem.  Catholics haven't got a clue.
I appreciate your input, but how do you know what he follows?
Does he follow the belief that “Oppressors of wars” are fair game to chop off their heads, train children to be suicide bombers???
This is larger than God, Christians or Catholic beliefs
Bizde bir söz vardır " insanı yaşat ki devlet yaşasın "  HZ.MUHAMMEDİN HAYATINI OKUYUN.ONUN GELİŞİ İLE KIZ ÇOCUKLARI  GÖMÜLMEKTEN KURTULUP HAYAT BULDU. KUŞU ÖLEN BİR ÇOCUĞA BAŞSAĞLIĞI DİLEYEN BİR RAHMET PEYGAMBERİNE TABİYİZ. SAVAŞ KONUSUNDA VİCDANLARI HAREKETE GEÇİRMELİYİZ.
There's no justice in bombing city after city and then refusing the people a safe haven. Please allow Syrian refugees into the country.
Syrian refugees do not want to live in usa, as they do not believe in our ways of life style.  .It is against their beliefs, plus feel lost not speaking the language
@realDonaldTrump it was very generous of Macron and May to allow you to join them and pretend that it was your idea. Now you see how leaders act. However, Mueller is stil on to you.
Actually Mueller isn't onto potus, but is working for/under potus, as legally potus is his employer & Mueller must abide to the potus, to which he took an oath to abide by when was appointed to the job & why potus has not fired him, as Mueller us in a special assignment for potus
Thousands of Iraqis, Libyans, children, elderly, and women died and their homes and civilization was destroyed by America's  strikes even they changed presidents within those countries.  under the same false pretexts (Chemical weapons) which not found after the war
Being not present at ground zero, I'd have to say you are listening to fake news spread by the alt left in this nation, you would think by now you would be tired if the alt-left playing you for a fool
Non et non je condamne la violence de tout bore
I’m sure you meant well but English is spoken here
The passage is easy to translate.  Stop being an ugly American.
What makes you think I am an American?
#HYPOCRITE
You are so right, the alt-left are the worse hypocrites ever
Put this same energy toward the mass murders happening in our country so our kids can feel safe in school.  Stay out of Syria  or no one will be safe. #GunControlNow           #NoWars
No will happen sooner, if we don't stand up to these foreign bully's besides America made a promise never to stand by & do nothing,  never another holocaust!!! ..
"AGAIN, TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER, DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY  VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!" Donald J. Trump 9:20 AM - Sep 5, 2013
Maybe you are missing your meds and are still delusional
Why did you stop the sanctions? Much cheaper and more effective give than bombing buildings made empty because you warned Russia.  #Traitor
Is the killing of peaceful #Biafrans also part of the rightous power of the #British?
Nope
Trump just thinks he's Above the Law he can get away with anything and that's what he's doing everybody who voted for him if we go to war I hope you are the ones that get drafted I've already had my turn
Sorry but potus is Unlike Hilary,who the alt-leftest put her & themselves above the laws of the nation & sold the weaponry&bomb materials& tech.being used against the ppl& now threatens the usa w/instead of trying to bring dwn potus, how about joining him in the fight 4 Amer.Ppl?
@POTUS we took in 11 Syrian refugees.Flint still doesn’t have clean water & we gassed native Americans @ standing rock. Shameful
No we didnt!! Maybe those long gone did, but the citizens of today are innocent of your accusations & laws were made, so not to allow ever happening again, same goes for slavery, abuse, prejudism, bullying, etc....laws made no more can be done or one will be prosecuted!
Shameful act shown by these three countries by bombing on weak muslim country.they will get nothing from it.
No but the ppl, will no longer worry about being gassed or poisoned, now will they, especially if tyrants are extracted from the planet, hey?
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump - This means that now you will open the border to and take in Syrian refugee children and their families, right?
Hopefully not!! As there are other country's more suited to their beliefs & life style, then in us a. Plus not knowing the language could be even harder on them, one would know
Shameful act !! See how was this country before & now?! what if these happende in one of the city in your home land?
Hopefully you would come to our rescue, just as we have always done!
So in response to Syria killing it’s own civilians with chemicals, we decide to kill a lot more Syrian civilians with bombs. 
USA: Fighting Barbarism with  Barbarism since it’s conception
Where's your legal proof Syrian  citizens were killed by bombing? Besides in today's technology & superior armed services, no Syrians killed, but celebrating life given in their defense!
Get ur soldiers OUT of OUR GERMANY and OUR EUROPE ☡☡ We civils in Europe WANT PEACE FOR ANYONE OF OUR WORLD ☡

Step OUT of OUR COUNTRY AND ALL OTHER COUNTRIES ☡☡ 

Stop #MASSMURDER stop #DESTROYING 

Propaganda against RUSSIA doesnt work no more ☡ We stand to RUSSIA & SYRIA
Last year we sent misses into an airbase that was emptied to stop the use of chemical weapons,last night we took out a bunch of empty buildings what will we do next year
Where did u get your information link please
Does President Trump ever actually work or does he just Tweet?
You would know that answer if you stood in his shoes, but since you don't & believe in fake news, then you have chosen to be ignorant of the true facts of a potus daily regimen
It wasn't righteous or backed by God..... it was MURDER OF INNOCENT CIVILIANS again..... same as Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya... over oil and resources.... just large scale theft, #itsarichmansgame #humanitarianmyarse
& you know this how? Please show your legal proof?
Sometimes, you need to let the enemy strike more than once, in order to be confident of who the target is, before you let the arrow fly.
And sometimes you shouldn't & should stop it before it happens or maybe too late, like was with the holocaust
No you provided business opportunities for arms manufacturers and possibly started a global conflict.  The US deserves everything it gets
As it has always been big brother to all nations, time America receives its true blessings & pay back for it's century's of always being their when others are in need!!
I am a Trump supporter; however the actions taken have brought us one step closer to a NUCLEAR WWIII.  I do not have the intelligence information of what transpired, but I have to question how this strike will stop future netroscities.
It shows this potus is not afraid to fight for the American ppl & humanity, very much unlike the past president, who cowed down when enemy forces crossed his red lines. This nation is so lucky not to have another Clinton in office
Our own people in Flint have poisoned water. How about helping them?

Am sure potus would help, but in order to do so, you need to vote out the dems who hold the purse strings & that are blocking potus from doing so
Last night, the nations of Britain, France, and the United States of America marshaled their righteous power against barbarism and brutality what about the brutality in the US?
Yes what about it?, millions of innocent kids are murdered through abortion clinics & Need to be shut down & innocent citizens by illegal immigrates,set free by  alt-leftist judges, who belong in jail.Thank God for the potus now in charge, who. Cont. to fight for the Amer. ppl
Our military continues to demonstrate superiority inspite of an incompetent commander and chief.
Yep thank goodness Obama is gone & we now have a potus good for his word & fights for the American ppl's rights!!
#OperationDesertStormy
Operation stormy needs to get a life & quit selling her body to the highest bidder
We have NO righteous power. Only humble power we have earned. And @realDonaldTrump risks it every single day he sits in WH. Follow the Constitution #IllegitimatePresident
He’s a heck of a lot better than the Hag would have been had she won the election..but y’all people are convinced she did anyway so I’m a wasting my time here...
America is a country of fake news. How many wars have you already unleashed? Do ordinary citizens also want war?
Congo first
The innocent people who die during war, Have you discovered the way of bringing them back to life after killing the targets or you don't care at all? Distraction won't pay good but opposite.
The innocent that die in war are in a much better place, they are no longer suffering or in pain, but are in pure bliss now, not having to deal with such nonsense or idealism
Oh, please. This is a costly, ghastly distraction and you know it. If the White House was legitmately concerned, we would have been hearing more about this situation and less about fake news/no collusion/football players/trashing FBI and justice system...
There's no way trump used wordage like that. I didn't see the word bigly even once 
What "barbarity"? US has still NOT shown anyone ONE SHRED OF EVIDENCE  that Syrian President Assad carried out Chemical attack or that Chemical weapons were indeed even used in Douta Syria! Pictures staged by NATO(Mayday Rescue Foundation) financed White Helmets is NOT evidence!
Man, you need some meds!
You need some REALITY! Enjoy your ignorance-Globalists love your kind!
Like I said, you need some meds.
How's the weather over there in Langley Virginia today?
Doubtful our Egotist in Chiefs attack in Syria was as successful as he would have US believe, nothing ever is.  Trump did everything but Tweet the coordinates of the attack  to Assad who remember is good friends with Trumps assassain friend Putin.  Assad will now gas more people!
Please “Big MAC” go to McDonalds drive thru
"Please, person I disagree with, go have some food!"

What, are you in the 3rd grade?
Asi Se Hace TRUMP!
"Righteous" power?  Bwaahahahahha!
Asad is bound to pay a big price. But the innocent bear the brunt. It is disheartening to see infants , women , the old through this gruelling experience
Sad you don't feel that way about the innocent babies murdered every day in this nation, through barbaric abortion clinics.  More innocent children are murdered through abortion, then wats, plus America made a promise never to allow another holocaust.
Your behavior are the real barbarism and brutality.
So...they cannot use weapons but you can? 
Doesn't it turn you into a barbarian too?
Did they bomb trump towers in that case
If Assad is such a monster and probably not subject to reform why did your 'righteous' power not take out all of his government buildings?
Sexual predator in the WH! treats women like meat! @MELANIATRUMP @IvankaTrump
One monster to another
@POTUS "The U.S. DISTRESS FLAG IS DEPLOYED" INTERNATIONAL LAW MUST ABIDE BY THAT," WHEN DEPLOYED INTERNATIONAL LAW COMES IN. Secretary Of State and Department of Justice has failed to enforce HRA OF 2009. Torture is Torture.
Who won the world using the weapons he won only war not world.
NOT FOR ANYTHING YOU DID NOT CARE ABOUT SYRIA LAST WEEK, THEN SPENT A WHOLE WEEK TELLING THEM WHAT U WERE GOING TO DO, WHICH WAS WHAT U ACCUSED BELOVED POTUS OBAMA OF! U GAVE THEM PLENTY OF TIME TO MOVE OUT! THEN YOU GO TO MAR LAGO? WOW REALLY?? U CAN STAY THERE JUST STEP DOWN!
这个世界上哪有什么和平，只不过我生在中国。
Now marshal some righteous humanity and let’s do our share to help Syrian refugees
The response of #Biafra against #BritishNigeria barbarism which is imminent, might plunge the world into the bloodiest faceoff of all time.
The @whitehouse must know this!
How about #BritishNigeria barbarism on the #Biafran people? The white is getting complicit kind of, I don't wish to think so.
[2/4] Yet the OPCW inspected Barzah twice in 2017--most recently last Nov--and found nothing out of the norm. In a report issued just in Mar. of this year, OPCW confirms the Syrian govt was cooperating in the process of demolishing the facility. (p.2 of https://www.opcw.org/fileadmin/OPCW/EC/87/en/ec87dg21_e_.pdf …)
Same old crap. Another puppet president. Lied to us to get votes. There's no swamp draining. Nothing we can do will fix it. Voting doesn't matter. At this point I hope Putin bombs the living hell out of DC.
Shameful act ....
Eva Bartlett, Youtube.
Seems as if u talked about urself by "this was action by a #MONSTER ☡☡☡
Mission Accomplished Mr. President!!!!!
Fake President!
What did I miss it. Did Trump resign?

Thanks Obama for giving our $ and plutonium to these clowns...
Russian leader Vladimir Putin and Iran’s President Hassan Rouhani have held a telephone conversation to discuss Syrian conditions in the wake of a joint missile airstrike by the U.S., U.K. and France on the country.
I don't believe that President el Assad have youse chemical weapons against he's people when he  almost win the  wor against terrorism

Great job! Thank you MR.PRESIDENT.

Here's the Problem: @BillClinton is a Rapist.

I'm a famous rapper sue me @BarackObama 

Who cares
Yes!
If there are proofs that British had st up the gass-attack as a provocation....will President Trump call them.....monsters????!!!!
aggression，illegal war
shit, why war to sylia,
Imagine!  A President who is not afraid to invoke the name of God.  Trump and Pence are doing God's will and it's truly awesome to watch.  Heathen dummycrats can't understand.  They only care about themselves.
Yawn!  It’s obvious you are putting on a show and funneling money to the weapons industry at the same time.  You collaborate with Russia and Assad.  Resign!
its very sad all the innocent people  who have been gas and it needs to come to an end it makes it very hard to be a leader in these troubled times my prayers are with everyone it been a very long time happening on Syria will there ever be any help for the innocent people in our
"Righteous" power. Good one.
I'm glad that we now have a President who has the guts to stand by what he says that he's going to do , and then does it .  Instead of sitting by the wayside and watching innocent  women and children and also men being killed for no foreseeable  reason !
Meanwhile in the parallel dimension

Remember what old Barney Fife said " Nip it, Nip it in the Bud" Great work from our President, our allies and the great people in the U.S Military. Remember ppl, if you don't stand tough they'll walk all over you. No other country  respected Obama. They do Trump!
This is how american brings peace, freedom, democracy to countries that already have piece, freedom and democracy, but american democracy is better, GOOD BOMBS. We all know how american works, Saddam, Osama, knows well, before the best friends, after most wanted dead or alive
Out of control, allowing others to dictate you as a puppet! People take a look at the resources wasted and it adds to climate change, as we are in the 6th mass extinction, yet, Our students study same science that now states if Arctic melts we have a short life on earth, few yrs?

Let's face the reality that @realdonaldtrump is a hater, player and has told 2,400 lies while in office. Stood against the constitution and put his family first. #ResignNow
New York is like California it's another state that wants illegal workers so they only have to pay $7.25 an hour federal minimum wage. so the left wing, they will do everything they can to did-credit President Trump.
After the us missile strike on Syria, the demand for anti-ballistic missile systems produced in Russia in the world has increased significantly! Mr. trump, thank you for advertising Russian weapons!
May all taxpayers see that appeasement of evil dictatorship like that which occurred under Obama only delayed the inevitable and cost more lives and money in today’s dollars. To those who say minding our own businesses does not include foreign intervention, tell that to the dead
Us!!!! The people of the United States of America!!!!
We have  Def. Sec. Mattis, UK and France to thank for whatever success was achieved last night.
Goob
And just yesterday Bashar al-Assad casually walked to work while the people celebrated you not doing squat! #ImpeachTrump #ItsMuellerTime
Yeah by dropping bombs and killing more civilians. Disgrace! #Resin @realDonaldTrump
You are 100% right...Thank you, President Trump, for upholding right.
Seriously? Chemical weapons used by a Syrian President on his own people? Sounds more like Fake News. I doubt very much he's capable of such atrocity.
[2/4] Yet the OPCW inspected Barzah twice in 2017--most recently last Nov--and found nothing out of the norm. In a report issued just in Mar. of this year, OPCW confirms the Syrian govt was cooperating in the process of demolishing the facility. (p.2 of https://www.opcw.org/fileadmin/OPCW/EC/87/en/ec87dg21_e_.pdf …)
You twits. It's been almost 18 years, whole of NATO is still losing in Afghanistan. :)


Good  action  .
You did this to try to take the heat off the Russian collusion and all your other failings, aka Stormy and stupidity. You will go down in history as worst and most corrupt President in history.
God bless our nation and God bless you Mr. President.
This country will start to be great again after you are impeached.
We pray for you ..God bless you
Shameful act ....
@POTUS #propaganda
You all are living by fame...empty graves
After informing Putin and Assad of the targets and giving them plenty of time to evacuate.
And today we get back to @POTUS tweeting about James Comey
POTUS, this is a joke right? "Righteous Power Against Barbarism and Brutality".
"... and only one year too late..."
When its a conservative we get railroaded & arrested right away ALL these Democrats get by w/everything, w/proof of all kinds of illegal activities & nothing happens, heads need to roll Mr President! We believe in you, are counting on You! Get Sessions to do his job & clean house
Propaganda.
And yet America lets its people in Flint go without water. It’s people in Puerto Rico live without electricity. And gasses its native Americans at Standing Rock with mace and pepper spray. Oh, and let’s not forget what it’s doing to DACA recipients...CRIMINAL
Good job
That's boring I'm recommending a good book
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/petition-donald-trump-calling-international-investigation-smolensk-plane-crash-april-10th-2010 …
So everyone from america we might know in the future,might be a good actor or actress too?  just like the american gov.
No wonder Oscar is sooooo famous in the world,means it's a fake and not honest country.
Fauk
great one you guys should remember the jihadist buhari and what he is commit against christians in Nigeria
تخطئون كثيرا بفقدان ثقة الشعوب وتنتهون الى ان يكون صدقكم وكذبكم واحد لايصدق فالأغبياء فقط من يرون فى أنفسهم القدرة على خداع الشعوب مرتين بنفس الخدعة ..... اما المجانين فهم من يعتقدون ان الشعوب سيصدقون الكذبه ذاتها مرتين
President Trump great leadership 
It's all prophecy it's supposed to happen
After the strikes, France indicated that what was struck were empty buildings
Did Ivanka have to tell you to bomb Syria, like last time? You didn’t give a damn until Russian Barbie cried when she saw the pictures on CNN.
Who are the REAL #MONSTERS  HOW many innocent BEINGS did U DESTROY 

And U speak of ASSAD as A MONSTER Don't u feel ASHAMED to act like that after BOMBING INNOCENTS AGAIN 

Is that ur way of SOLUTIONS WAR CRIME AFTER WAR CRIME ☡☡ WW3 cause of U ☡ THX
This is WAR CRIME ☡☡ WITHOUT PROOF U BOMB SYRIA LIKE IRAK AND OTHER NATIONS BEFORE ☡☡ 

Making peace works not that way ☡☡ UR NWO AGENDA IS ABOUT TO FAIL CAUSE THIS WORLD AWAKES ☡☡ We're in times of REVELATION and ALL is already REVEALED to HUMANITY 

#StopMakingWars
By BOMBING u show ur RIGHTEOUS POWER  By destroying other nations u show ur HEART AND JUSTICE 

Manipulation of ur AGENDA has FAILED  the whole world is #AWAKE and stands not with those who MAKE WAR / WHO SUPPRESS OTHERS AND WHO KILL OTHERS #MONSTERS ☡☡
and IF you were right too, you went to the wrong side
Россия и Китай скоро дадут пиздюлей и тем и другим.
Yes!
Said the people who lie and smear individuals who disagree with our dear little pathetic leader

Propaganda. Paint the enemy as a monster to help turn the people against him, no evidence he did the attacks, what are the motivations...usually I'd be behind a lot of what Trump does but this confuses me.
Is there someone that can threaten Trump? Only if he goes insane will anyone try. Keep poking and the quicker he sorts you out
all force must b used against Assad, he is not just a monster, but a leviathan beast. Same thing @MBuhari does in Nigerian, by secretly funding killer herdsmen in guess of negotiating wit them to return the kidnapped dapchi sch girls. they also kill Christians. He must be stopped
RUSSIA AND CHINA SHOULD NUKE THE CRAP OUT OF USA
England was involved too so should they also nuke YOU ?
"righteous power" muahahahahha you are killing me by joke 
Where the hell is your power against the barbarism states of Israel and Myanmar. Oh I forgot it’s USA mission to kill Muslims. So Israel and Myanmar are friends.
正义吗？在没有证据的情况下，就对一个主权国家进行侵略，你们觉得正义吗？
And not a single child will be torn asunder by your airstrikes?
Why does America make chemical weapons on an industrial scale? poison people?
Well done by all.
Sad
Always deliver ways,don’t you know about anything like stability or family? No,only economy confusion.
You should konw that there are a huge number of people in the world that support the real justice,your country will pay for what you did
In Israel: Sirens bring them to shelters
In Syria: Croz and Tomahawk, we went out to the rooftops
I stand with Trump
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=157249418304775&id=100020591523247 …
ب
That's was the right actions ,congratulations to Great Britain, France and the United States of America.
O, I'm just too newbie to react that I think it too difficult for me
Resign fool!
Righteous power AS barbarism.  Stop!!!!   Stop war
Can USA share their strategy behind this? Hard to follow..
