oh shit
#trumpandpence4prison2020
He has given more respect to military since Pres Reagan. He honors them at every turn. Obama despised the military.  What are you taking about? Much hate?
Trump the draft dodger. Heel spurs. Can’t remember which foot. Coward.
Trump was not a draft dodger. His draft number was 366. They quit calling at 365.
You know his draft number? What did you see it in an email? You guys are so gullible.
All your hate won’t change our vote. He’ll still b president n the morning. I know he affends u. We didn’t vote for a saint, we voted for a guard of our rights/liberties. He’s done more 4USA than last 3 administrations. Stop the petty hate.  Move past the personality & C actions
What has he done? The tax bill.  I haven’t seen a penny. Not one. Zip. Half the Republicans who voted for it have come out and said it was a bad bill.  He’s alienated our allies. The stock market is in rollercaoster mode. He hasn’t brought back coal. Job creation is down. What?
Our military is already the finest, in the world. Interesting though, that you wanted to steal the measly increase (over Obama's budget), to pay for your wall and deportation force. So, really, you gave them nothing extra.
No go on u tube and see what putin has--- missiles able to destroy world in one hours 15 min! Called satan 1 and satan 2 most powerful ones google it!!! This is why President Trump had to do this
Huh? Russia has planet killers now? Hon, you need to stop watching so many sci-fi movies.
Are you proud of the LBGTQ military too?? Is Pencifer proud? 

Is the military proud that you give up their secrets to Putin?

#LockHimUp
#TrumpTraitor
Bahahahahaha, Pencifer.  That’s good!!  Haven’t seen that one before Might have to borrow that.
If I could find a worse thing him to call I would. For now he's pencifer. Feel free to use it everywhere!
Penceldick?

America make the world more worse！
Thank you, Donnie!         
Shaddap...

Lordy there are tapes!!!
Pull your pink eared hat out of your rear! You don't seriously reallllly believe that bs, do you?
#freakycommy in a peepee hat. You go girls, keep on looking like idiots.
邪行对世界秩序的破坏，必须得到正义的强有力制止！
邪恶政权对世界文明的破坏，必须坚定予以铲除！
这世界，幸亏有美、英、法等文明国家主持正义，否则邪恶将更加肆无忌惮地危害全人类！
一个绑架世界人口五分之一的邪恶政权控制的大国，是对人类最大的威胁，必须尽早解决！
呼吁国际社会对邪共制裁！
Nobody can read this sorry
And we are proud of you Mr. President.
The sad part is, Trump warned Putin, So it gave them time to move all equipment and chemicals to new locations. No one has said this happened but really what would you have done if the shoe was on your foot and got early warning. Seen only empty buildings.
Glad you were in all the security briefings & know all. The goal was to stop labs from making more poison. They weren’t tryi@g to kill people. Disappointed there were no casualties? Sad
No duh, nothing but an empty building, labs were moved. I mean even the stupidest person would know and do that. Our intel pin pointed sites. Trump said missiles are coming. Do you think they just sat around waiting.
REALLY, but then again u still support him

Throw more money at it. 600 billion military 24 billion education.
Yes

considering how you actually treat the military it speaks to their loyalty to their country their love of their country, that they haven't all resigned ! If you valued them you would treat them & the  Vets better..instead all their bills get vetoed.
Best  president  ever! Please  do something about Fresno anti American professor
Like removing all BOTS like him from your Twitter tally!
And on the 7th day you rested . My but you’re a miracle ! Nothing has ever come before you .. except for maybe 44 prior REAL Presidents and the  most popular and beloved in decades @BarackObama . Your narcissism is as terrifying as your ignorance . #ImpeachTrump #TrumpTreason
I have to say not all 44 deserve credit but your point is heard
There already wasn’t anyone close.
U sssume you know the real truth about Russia & China. You really think they would reveal their true $$ numbers.


"Do I look like a guy who needs hookers?"

- @realDonaldTrump





Oh dear. Lack of facts is not a liberal trait. I’m more offended by traitors, racism and ignorance than curse words. Poor grammar is just ignorant.
Just pouring money into military will not make US great or even "win". We have no policy only an immoral illogical money man. Soldiers fighting for cash more than CONSTITUTION is mercenary. Trump does not understand people are not his personal pawns.
John Bolton really
What happened to draining the swamp
Bolton isn’t the swamp
here's the swamp;
$139k on doors for Zinke
$31k for a dining set of furniture for Carson
$2M in security and first class flights for Pruitt
$1M on military flights for Mnuchin
$1M per month in security for DeVos
$100M+ in travel expenses for the Trump family
Please pull up the Obama shopping/travel list.  Don’t forget Obamas golf outings. Trump donates his salary every year...  hmmm
Hmmmmm!, like seriously . Funny President!
So the military isn’t great? America is t great? Hate much?
there are two kinds of people in life; those who can extrapolate from incomplete data...
Much hate. Why not cheer on America....instead hate, hate, hate. Sad. Build something! Anyone can tear down
There has always been ill feelings involving the political arena, only now is there true hate, this President campaigned on hate and divisiveness, now elected, how could one expect anything different? Just reaping what weve sown, or is it Karma? 
He’s a disrupted. That’s what we voted 4. Just because his hair is orange & he tweets too much doesn’t mean he isn’t keeping his promises. He speaks for  middle America in plain terms & fights back for us. All other politicians are that. Just good talkers. Trump gets things done
Woah!! Middle America?? Where exactly is that? Never heard of that place.
@POTUS I'm worried about you wallowing alone with only @foxandfriends for company. Now you are repeating yourself which is really troubling, especially at your age. You should go golfing. Get some fresh air. Then, maybe call GW Bush & ask him about that #MissionAccomplished thing
Hmm, after today, he may not even have Hannity to watch much longer. 
With Sean throwing Cohen under the bus, it seems like their bromance might already be headed for the rocks.
God Bless You President Trump  Thanks for protecting America 
Protecting America from what?
War perhaps lol

The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
Oh yeah let’s just pretend chemical warfare doesn’t exist, They need our help and they want our help. Their children are being killed. They’re being poisoned and gassed

  THANK YOU for Rebuilding Our Military     You're the Best President we've Ever Had.
well here's a message for you from the Vets who are being treated like dirt by your government...so if you think so highly of the military maybe you can portion some of the stupendous sized budget to take care of them once they get home !

So it's not the finest now? Only after you've made it great because you are like Midas - you've got the golden shower touch?
All that money and there are still gonna be E-6s that cant pass a PT test
So... what Syria did was unacceptable to y’all, but what’s happened in Flint, Michigan and the natives at Standing Rock in OUR own country is cool with everyone?!?
Robbing Peter to pay Paul I see
We knew where is the chemical weapon located because we have spy satellite
There isn't and hasn't been for years. How long are you going to pretend they were armed with bats and dinner knives? Flying cardboard planes and sailing canoes into battle, huh?
The Military Industrial Complex got the message loud and clear.  Good boy.

I have been searching for the proper space to ask my question, but since there is none, please allow me to inject it here.I keep getting e-mails, under your name to send my renewal fee, but I am waiting for a reply, to my correspondence, relief for millions of your supporters.
You will never stop getting the e-mails because they will never stop wanting you to send money.
Billions of dollars spent on guns and everyday we have millions of homeless families and individuals going hungry with nowhere to go.why don't you use some of those billions to help them!!
Quit whining about what we spend On the federal government and look at your local government they have tons of money they can spend on homeless!! That should only be a local government problem not the federal government so worry about taking care of what’s in your own backyard!!
It's not the money you spend that makes our military great. It's the smart hard working men and women who serve our country, including the FBI and the CIA. You think everything "GREAT" has to do with money...sad.
When do your “Putin is a good guy” “I believe Putin over our intel community” “wouldn’t being Putin’s friend be better” “Wishing Putin congratulations” “returning Russian compounds” tweets start up again? You know who doesn’t tweet nice things about Putin?
Yup
Incorrect. 

Fake news. 

Rosenstein signed off on the raid. And is withholding Comey docs. And was appointed by OBAMA. 

Liar.
Rosenstein appointed by Trump to replace Sally Yates. Always better to know your facts when trying to troll. 
Very weak effort on your part.
Wrong. 

Swamp is deep. Sally is even more corrupt than RR. 

Just BC POTUS appointed him doesn’t mean he’s not a swamp creature, it just might mean he knows where the bodies are when he has to squeal. 

These people are being exposed. 

Think.
Wrong, your original post was you arguing Trump didn’t appoint. And according to Trump he hires only the best people. You actually accused someone of “fake news” as you tweeted fake news. You’re a fraud, delete your account.
The Other Woman in the Stormy Daniels-Trump Saga: ‘He Knows What He’s Done’ https://thebea.st/2HmNh8u?source=twitter&via=desktop … via @thedailybeast
Who cares about his sex life? That is none of our business. All I'm worried about is how well he's running this country. And, he's doing exactly what we hired him to do.
The best POTUS we've had in years
 I'll always stand behind Trump.
Wow. Mixed up tweet
I'm glad #America n public finally understands that #Russia 's #Communist #establishment CANNOT be trusted (we directly experimented it for about 100 years, in Eastern #Europe)!
you're very wrong. Israel has a great military. they're known as the best army in the world. but right now, because of your pal, the Israeli prime minister is making bad judgements by killing innocent Palestinians who were protesting peacefully . hammas was not involved
Very important,peace tru strength.america is the worlds superPower&it remains that way,good job beloved leader. #maga
Cough cough F-35 cough cough Su-57
.
If the country becomes our planet and the training is in meditation, there will never be another war.
Cadet Bonespurs
You Murdered innocent people to take heat off of your sex scandal and FBI raid
Ya I'm sure that's it 
Try not to choke on the Kool-Aid
I'll do my best!

Kool aid is nasty 
Do
Yap no one even close in spending but in other areas we saw what your tomhawks do. Usually they fall or get knocked out and sometimes reach undefended targets.
It's not ok
Arrogant and gracy presidente EUA
Mission almost accomplished. At least we are on the upswing. Keep up the great MAGA JOB. THESE WIL BE YOUR LEGACY!!
DEMOCRACY LIVES ON. OUR PEOPLE WILL ALWAYS BE FREE.
I WAS PROUD TO SERVE IN THE WORLDS BEST NAVY.
Nobody fools around with the big guy on the block!
Good job
Amen for our troops! Mr President the only way my daughter joined the military is because you became president! THAT'S HUGE TO ME AND MY FAMILY. PLEASE BE CAUTIOUS WITH WAR! PLS
Mr Trump, Assad had no reason to gas his own. Isis was just about over. Don't know what you were trying to "accomplish", but it was helluva confusing. The US have to stop turning Mid-East into rubble.
Lmao did you REALLY retweet yourself?
you know other things can be spent from those millions too but it isn’t my business

The great military genius, Cadet Captain Bonespur, gives his approval for wrecking societal welfare to fund arms race!

Really?  I can tell you 100% they are very credible!  I don't deal with Fake News like CNN or MSNBS.  Everything that is happening right now is covered on Gateway!
blah blah blah .. whaaa whaaa whaaa!  I can't believe you are POTUS.. 18 year olds.. the ones voting in November 2020 have more intellectual capacity. I can't wait for them all to come out and school you on what is important!
You talk like you spend the money from your own pocket
Profit from war is barbaric.
Billions to the military? Or to defense contractors which are your billionaire cronies? And how do you pay for it? By raiding social security and medicare. BE ASHAMED!
Can we,being Your Allies in the Pacific(Australia), have our laser guided fighter bombers back-F111's, We had Your back when We had them, now that our Manchurian candidate along with yours, sold them on Us, our Airforce is languishing in the dark ages, could You Please Help!
Why don't you also intervene in the genocide in south Africa, an average of 52 peoples murdered per day. White farmers get slaughtered.

Also when you step down Pence is to step down with you as the back plan has been discovered get it?
Do you know who are me
You talking about our military. Pfttttt! How are those bone spurs, draft dodger?
How quickly you liberals forget about Bill Clinton being a draft dodger

So much for your #ThankYou to #MOONBEAM
You want them to use that money for your wall which you told us Mexico was paying for!
I vant get enough of this statement.. Im do Freaking glad were going to be unstoppable it is much needed we are greatness "America"
Our military great their commander they even feel from many saying it is not!!!
Lots of evidence in those ten boxes, Mikey will be away for a long, long time. Time to sign up for those singing lessons. trump will be impeached before he pardons anyone. Mueller will see to that.


I disagree
You think you do the right thing?? Shame on you!
He is doing the right thing our troops need the money


Glad ur a leader that does what they say!!
This is the trumpiest trump tweet ever. It hits on all the best points: Pointing out spending money we don’t have, “America is #1 and we might as well wear a giant kick me sign,” undeserved gloating, and superfluous exclamation points.
Starvation. Decease. Uprisings will not do a bundle of money much good.  What will you do? Cry?
yea but you still don’t have your wall
#Jail #NoBail
Wondering how much of that Military spending budget will be allocated/spent on protecting Mar-a-lago  and all the other Trump owned properties? Not to mention the amount of security tax payers have to spend for protecting the Trump family now and after they leave the WH.
Who cares who Trump screwed anyway?  It’s none of my business why does it have to be yours?  Clinton was working while he was getting blow jobs!  We should have worried about that!!!
Did Donald Trump blame Barack Obama yet
Don’t forget to take care of our veterans as well
Trump won’t.
Did you see the children of Syria cry? Hope that the disease will defeat you sooner.Satan is waiting for you
#Trump has stated he will use military  to build his wall so I guess according to #POTUS45 they won't be "the finest".

Curious if this is an example of his accounting practices he used in his failed businesses.
Over 100 missiles fired at 1.4 million each $140,000,000 Flint needs 55 million to fix water, could have fired 60 missiles and got the job done and at the same time fixed Flint.
It seen good that you have a  great army in this world but i very shoo that the leader of galaxy will take the planet earth as him conquered as soon as a 1 hour
Thank u Mr Trump "continue blowing ur trumpet Dem go fear'.
Stop bombing innocents!!! Stop bombing Christians! Stop bombing leaders that are allies.
#RealUS LOVES those "fully approved dollars" for our military.  A STRONG  is a comfort to our allies and a deterrent to evil.  Go for it, @POTUS!!
Lets see those missiles  you launched (103)without congressional approval ,cost something like 1 million a rocket . So you threw away over 100 million dollars ,not including payroll for what looks like a photo op , and you called this mission accomplished ...unreal
 
NOBODY BELIEVES YOU(at least ones with brains) You sick and YOUR’RE FIRED!! Hahahaha Comey got the last laugh and you were the joke that everyone is laughing at.
Mr. President,  I'm sorry I stepped away for a minute, alex Jones had me twisted.  But then I realized either Jones doest know the plan or is helping with disinformation.  God bless Trump & America

Trump lies more than anyone i know or known. His destination is hell
A running list of the women who have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/a-running-list-of-the-women-whove-accused-donald-trump-of-sexual-misconduct_us_57ffae1fe4b0162c043a7212?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostWomen
Pass it on in case you may have forgotten
it even made Wikipedia lol  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donald_Trump_sexual_misconduct_allegations …
Then it must be true!!! Ha ha 
To trump I will stand fo fo u
You’re nothing but murderers.
Jajajajajajaj
Thanks!
Our military has always been the best, just like the United States has always been great. Your interpretation of things is always skewed.
I don't think he will back down because of the hard days of the stock market, and I really think he will have days of hardships
solo啊
Please designate review of our chemical stockpiles..on news US agreed to destroy. Julie Ann Racino, ASPA, PA and Law, 2018
A waist of our money!
U R THE CREAM IF THE CRAP.
Stand Up to France!
#PutinsBottomBitch

Thank you!
川普   别怂  就是干
Obama was weak and pathetic.
He watched #ISIS grow stronger.
Children died because of Obama.
How much funding did our schools get?

Dear Adolph, you're still not getting your military parade.


Yeah President Trump that is why me being disabled and put in my RAMP and have been turned down for VA disability every time I have applied and last 2/28/18 so I need your help that is the only way I am going to get approved I get SSI each month vincefarmer@comcast.net Thank You
Then WHY are you asking for money to build your DAMN wall????????
America did not approve!!!!
Says President cadet bone spurs who his behind his money to avoid serving.
radical
You have no idea your a looser
Us president is a trick man
Our military men and women don’t need an endorsement from you. For over 200 years our country has had the distinction of having the greatest military in the world. They have served with honor and integrity ready to make the ultimate sacrifice. But what would you know about that?

Very proud of our Mighty Military and of you as well Mr. President
Mr. Bone Spurs.  Shut up.  Anybody who is in knows we have the latest and greatest military toys.  We are also the test subjects of much research.  I am grateful for my military service.  You are not commander n chief material...
Translation: We've just wasted more of your taxpaying dollars on military spending to help the interests of a few shot callers.. enjoy your ridiculous college fees and shithouse health care.
NATO FAŠIST
and we are goin to be needing them to .its worth every penny . not enough really this other countrys are coming up fast with thier militarys .
Thank Our Military And President Trump!!! We love You!!!
Imagine if you were as excited about throwing 55 million at Flint’s water pipes.
and defending what? Starving homeless sick Americans. Maybe you should fund the Secret Service because the Military isn't allowed to defend you by law from Americans wanting to overthrow you. That is why the people are allowed auto weapons. TICK TOCK!
You realise you dont have to be the best at "everything"? "We're the best" "this is the best" "no one in the history of anything has anyone had something  better" 
we do not care about porn woman,but all are made why u did in syria they never treated>  america but not nk.what they get on u,what ever is is on ur private life we dn,t care
STOP KILLING MUSLIMS IN SYRIA U BARTERED
so should you spend money on military or helping your poor people? or dont they matter!
Stop talking about money with our troops! Give them YOUR money
#Qanon #TheGreatAwakening #TrustThePlan #WWG1WGA #SyriaStrike #TheStorm #MAGA #Trump2020 #MakeItRain #GodBlessAmerica #DrainingTheDeepStateSwamp #GodBlessOurTroops
OMG. You actually believe those ridiculous conspiracy theories? 
*shower thoughts*
112 tomahawk missiles launched at Syria.

Each costs $1.87M to make.

That's $224M total.

Estimated cost to replace Flint's pipes? $55M.
Sweet. Only if our Military is used the way it is intended for..Our Country's Defense.Not for any Gain just our Safety and Preservation
