Pompeo will not be confirmed as your S.O.S. Thank God! 


100% Certain you weren't supposed to say this.
Fantastic news!! Thank you for all you do Mr. President. Keep up your great work for America and now the world.
Interesting. What planet is North Korea in? 

Was that as CIA Director?
Good work . You are correcting REALTION with Korea . But my neighborhood is also big problem for you . He is correcting with your enemy .
Obumma had no idea how to handle iran or nth Korea. Stati g the bleeding obvious hurts liberals brains.
Keep dreaming Snowflake!
Pretty sure North Korea is part of the World.

Never been a fan but this is good.
Amazing!
Stupido

The best insureance against ‘democracy’ of US is having nuclear bombs.. NK without a nuclear bom, was all ready in the list of countries bombed by the US.
Correct me if I am wrong Donald, but wasn’t it you that said you would never sit down and negotiate with North Korea?
...and wasn’t that just last year?
You are now starting to waffle on things on a daily basis. I think dementia is kicking in.
#TrumpLies
Did that meeting screw him out of being Secretary is State? If so, you have to take blame for that POTUS!
And you did not tell your employers?  Why?  #ImpeachTrumpNow
#Sucker
You really aren't too smart, are you and from what I've seen of Pompeo, neither is he. Of course, you're not secure enough to surround yourself with the best people, only suck ups, incompetents, unqualified and the corrupt.
Go back to bed.
He got Mexico to pay for the wall..I’m glad he’s up.
Citation needed
Day # 452 of the hostage situation. Evil Captor awakens from a restful slumber in his cheesy,  gold plated, hostage funded palace and jumps straight into a busy day of sound, rational, reasonable governing. #SaidNoOneEver
@jamesalandarby
Distraction from the truth.
You know that North Korea has a *very* different definition of "Denuclearization" than we do, right?

Too bad you don't have a South Korean ambassador to go over this with you. Or a Sec. of State.
It's even cooler he has none of these and has accomplished more than what 3 past admins with full cabinets have
Please list these wonderful accomplishments?
Wonderful! The booming economy, increased consumer confidence, tougher borders, strong military, roll back or regulations, tax cuts...I have a definitive list if you want. Oh yes, and Solving North Korea

Threatening the country you want peace with?
Asswipe.
Denuclearization is foolish. As our society advances we need nuclear weapons to combat greater threats for example if a asteroid was hurling towards Earth which is highly unlikely but still possible it happens to other planets all the time and it's happened to this one before.
Exactly WHAT do the Democrats who are voting against Pompeo have to HIDE overseas that they don't want HIM to see? What are they hiding from exposure by not voting for him?
Heh.. you just answered your own question...   they don't want him because of possible exposure.  They are obstructing Trump's agenda!
It's called governing.  And Trump doesn't just get to rule like a damn king.  Why are you people incapable of looking at the broader picture?
Resign traitor


I thought YOU were going to meet with Kimmy. What happened? You were so excited!
Why is he meeting with North Korea before he has even been confirmed as Secretary of State?
Psalm 33:12
Blessed is the #nation whose #God is the #Lord, The #people He has #chosen as His own #inheritance.
#Jesus our #Christ #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
#FakeChristians like #TraitorTrump are a joke and the people that buy into his lies are just as bad. #Pathetic

Yea because this is the real problem facing america liberal protest
Low IQ Twizzwinton doesn’t get it
Wtf is there to get? Yall trumpers love bashing liberals instead of debating the issues.
Its ironic that somebody who supports trump can talk about anybodies IQ
President Trump should be put on Mount Rushmore if he successfully denuclearizes North Korea!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT FLAG NOW AVAILABLE... JUST PAY SHIPPING!

click the link now:
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
Just a few months ago the #FakeNews media was saying Trump is trying to start war with North Korea... Why so quiet now?
You're just as nutty a he is!
Mike Pompeo has not been confirmed as Secretary of State. What the hell is he doing in North Korea?
Wouldn't Pompeo also have needed a security clearance to engage in effective talks with a foreign nation? Has 45 made a decision that nobody needs one?
He was CIA director. He should have a pretty good clearance already. I don’t like him, but we have to be factual
There's not one clearance, there are different clearances of different levels for different subjects.  The head of the CIA probably has a lot of them, but he wouldn't necessarily have the ones he needed to have a meeting like this.
And thank you... I feel like less an ass!
I never meant to imply that you’re an ass. I was just making an observation. So many people respond without thinking what they’re saying. We all do it. Sorry if I offended
And it's a good question, now we all want to know.  Does CIA Dir have everything he needs to do the job, or not?!  Hell, we probably don't have the clearance to get an answer.

This is great news, President Trump! Mike Pompeo is the man for the job and North Korea is on the way to peace. He knows if he screws  up with Trump in control his country will be a parking lot for our tanks!

Detrumping our nation would be freaking amazing for us.
Yeah, never mind that he won a democratically held election, eh? After all, democracy's only worth anything if it delivers the result you want, if it doesn't then lets just ignore it & ride roughshod over it, eh?
So, tell me, how did you feel for the whole eight years Obama was in office?
Terrible inflationall time high.We had to pay and still paying for his obama care.Our president is THE All American Man he's doing a great job.He accomplished more in the time he's been president then Obama I his 2 terms.
I bet you love the tax scam that will cost a trillion and a half though, amiright. He loves his stupid voters.
That makes me sick.  They fell for it though!  And the wall, though.  No matter what he does or say, his minions believe every word even if he says something completely different five minutes later.  It's a lesson in psychology for sure.
Economic growth can and will offset debt. I guess in 8 years you’ll be wrong... again.
Not as wrong as you were when you voted him in, that's for sure.
You’re killing it, POTUS.
Killing us
Better then anything you’ve ever done :)
*than
That’s 2:20 too long for my attention span sir
That’s too bad because I had a video of 2:20 that explains then vs than.
If you really feel that grammar is the only point you can win a debate with, then I really don’t need to debate with you :)
I wish, just once that all these hater's would state a legitimate reason, w/proof, for all the hatred. I get you may not like him personally, & that's fine, but how can you possibly not give him credit for all the good he's done? #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease
Because HE has actually done very little. Congress got a tax plan (which Trump is now balking at the price point), NK is deciding to talk about denuclarization ( not the first time they have done this), the stock market and job growth is following a trend of the last 6 years
Yeah right! NK has NEVER wanted 2 talk abt denucelerizing, the economy was in the toilet & despite the fact u want 2 cr Obama, the Economic Experts disagree w/u. Unemp lowest n 45 yrs, factories r reopening & coming back 2 US Goo his ack & stop the Kool aid
As for the job numbers, that's easily proven. While job growth has continued, they have been continuing since 2011
MSNBC and CNN on ur nx com, it figures. They haven't had anything right n yrs. Several exec n those firms r married to ppl who worked 4 Obama, Susan Rice is just 1 example. When #ObamaGate breaks, ur going 2 be 1 unhappy man mass floods fr snowflakes melting
See, I have not insulted you once. I followed YOUR insistence to prove things, but you dispute them, despite them using labor statistics from the Department of Labor, and I am the "snowflake"? 

I brought facts to a debate, you did not.
I didn't call u specifically a snowflake, there's a difference. Just 4 the heck of it, why don't u Google his accomplishments, bc I can't remember all of them. Every fact I bring up u claim thanks 2 Obama & it's not true. I suppose Obama got rid of ISIS 2?
Do I think Obama got rid of ISIS? No, but I don't believe Trump should get all the credit either. Trumps accomplishments are either routine (nominating Gorsuch) or he has done little for them (ISIS take down). He did not help healthcare or taxes. He has done very little himself
I am honored to have voted for you @realDonaldTrump !
If #NorthKorea & #SouthKorea finally find peace it will be a historical moment in WORLD history & you will deserve the #NobelPeacePrize. W/o your pressure applied to #KimJongUn it would not even be a possibility. #MAGA
Trump put his fortune, family & life on the line to stop Washington corruption. I am extremely grateful to him.
He’s the most corrupt SOB ever...
 Did @CNN tell you to say that?
You must be waiting for @CNN to tell you how to answer my question
As I read these responses, I realize nothing, not even peace, will make liberals happy. Watch, read, download the pdf. Invaluable.
"Liberals", are all for peace. All for denuclearization of NK and the end of war on the peninsula. We dont however trust this pos POTUS to do anything thats in the interest of the people of the United States. Afterall his track record is pretty public and clear.
So you don't think peace is in the interest of the people of the US?
I will refer you back to the first sentence in my reply. And I am confident I speak for the collective "Liberals" on this point.
Then you surely must agree that @Potus has indeed done something good.
What has he done? Be specific.
NK/SK peace talks. Have you seen the indictments that are being unsealed with regard to human trafficking? Certainly your hatred cannot be so intense that you don't recognize the good that Trump is doing. 24,000+ sealed indictments (beginning to be unsealed) since he was elected.
I hope the issues will be resolved 50 50

How much do the North Korean and Chinese want then? It`s all a game. Also did the US military let the Russian Military know that France-UK and US were going to strike Syria? I believe u maybe getting used Mr P.
The denuclearization of the Korean peninsula is only the beginning, allowing Kim Jong Un to give up his imperial power and give people freedom
Take a nap
If anyone seriously thinks that suddenly after yrs of research & development in their nuclear program, that North Korea will suddenly get rid of their nukes EVEN if they agree to, because of Trump’s “maximum pressure” or that he’s a great negotiator this bridge is for sale..$9.99
They don't have years of research, those are Russian engines on the missiles it was all given to them,  this might be a Putin play to make Trump look like he accomplished something....
True. NK began their nuclear program in the 1950s but it really began to progress when NK established cooperative agreements with the Soviet Union. Then the Russians began sending scientists & technicians over there.
I got to anything on these new missiles is originally from NK, the WarHeads proper come from Pakistani technology, and the engines are straight-up Russian made, not copied. Wish I could remember the weapons expert and the article...
Why would North Korea listen to Mike Pompeo? He’s not even the confirmed Secretary of State.  Of course it will not be a fruitful meeting.  Another chaotic move.
Distractions??
If you can denuclearize N. Korea, you'll have one big positive accomplishment for your presidency. That would be more than I expected. Just don't let Kim show you for the fool you are.


1. 여호와여 나의 말에 귀를 기울이사 나의 심정을 헤아려 주소서
2. 나의 왕, 나의 하나님이여 내가 부르짖는 소리를 들으소서 내가 주께 기도하나이다
3. 여호와여 아침에 주께서 나의 소리를 들으시리니 아침에 내가 주께 기도하고 바라리이다~  아멘!!!  (시: 5장)
Admit it, this is all just about getting him to stop calling you #dotard.
Yeah, every country but the US should be denuclearized. Denuke my ass

We need to call out those Democrat Senators who are challenging Pompeo as Sect of State.  They are undermining the negotiations by weakening Pompeo.  Call out the Dems for this attempt to undermine the North Korea summit.
I believe you. Novel Prize will be yours. I think you are great leader. I always respect you in Korea.
First denuclearise #Israel
Everyone should give up their nukes!!!!!!!!!!!

Ok on you go then...

Uhhhh...you first.
Too bad you don't have a Secretary of State to do this for you, but I'm sure the CIA won't miss him...

So, when do you go to North Korea?

(Real men sign their own contacts, right..?)
https://ria.ru/syria/20180418/1518931222.html?relap=1 … трамп  пида р
And next on the agenda ... detrumpization !!!
This verbiage is better than “my missile are bigger than yours”!
.
The only possibility that Kim Jong-un will give up his nuclear weapons is that the United States can destroy North Korea’s nuclear facilities like the chemical weapons that destroyed Syria, even though he has Xi Jinping and Putin behind him.
...Make America Great Again # POTUS President D.J Trump5778 ... 2018
Great Job President Trump 
FAKE PRESIDENT!
Mira @NicolasMaduro tú que eres un pobre diablo represor GENOCIDA     tendrás la peor suerte...
That would be great for the US and world and will convince Iran to stop the effort to become nuclear
So if it’s such a good thing when will you be getting rid of yours ?
It will be the biggest deal made in decades. Ending the war, bringing about the possibility of reunification of the peninsula. If accomplished, a three way Nobel Peace Prize should be given, because of President Trump!
Historic!
Check out @Janet4OH’s Tweet:
Watch. RT. Donate. Last night @Jim_Jordan lied again and blindly defended our lying President. Every $5 you donate will bring this video to 50 more people in OH-4 so that more of his past voters see what he's become: a…
Mr. President, if you don't mind, could you announce everyone the exact date of the meeting?
(By East Standard Time)
Just thought I'd say I don't know why you're taking credit for setting up the meeting with North Korea when it was South Korea and China that made it happen you're delivering fake news
Should be marked in history! Well done! I’m sure this isn’t something establishment system , their propaganda and fake medias wanted.
Make North Korea Great Again 
Thats sad, go on over if you like it over there so much!
who wants to bet this meeting with Trumpy never happends and he cancels it and blames it on someone else.
Mike Cohen met with Robert Mueller last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of my collusion being worked out now. My impeachment will be a great thing for America, but also the World!
#Resign 
You are so in over your head.
Take your #WorstPresidentEver & #TrumpCrimeFamily down the road.


#collusionwithnorthkorea
MAGA
Pompeo is not our Secretary of State.  You obvious attempt to end run the procedures for selecting a Secretary, show that you disregard democracy.  Shame on you!
You won’t meet w/N Korea. You don’t know how. Cancelled like every other pertinent meeting/trip. #MADMAN
Publicity stunt.
#DanScavino
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR CON MAN WHO IS BROKE LMAO
Graet
He hasn’t been confirmed to SOS
How much money was on the table?  Your tax reform enslaves future generations already.
You moron... They met over Easter. Almost 3 weeks ago, not last week. 
Your senility is on full display again.... Don't be ashamed to seek help.
Ohhhhhh. Ok...you are going to be out soon but good to know..
Fantastic. You’ve achieved so much so quickly in your attempt to repair 50 years of neglect and incompetence by previous presidents and administrations. Thank you from this grateful Aussie.
KLM papa
None of the presidents of America have done the same work as you are doing these days. Historic!
One people under God.
Yeah. We know, the Russians already told us.
Let's not get too excited yet this is only a very small start and may result in nothing.  I would be very careful about negotiations with them because we were tricked before and this may only be a trick to make them look good.  jk
This is real news! Most things the news media publishes about the president are pure crap with no bearing on reality or of any import to the country. President Reagan was instrumental in toppling the Soviet Union and now President Trump may be ending the Korean War! 
Oh, you don't think that was in the news?  How did you find about it then?
Thank you President Trump 
Love is the greatest thing in the Universe & I'm happy for the love returned from Kim in NKorea that makes it possible for even better chances to achieve world peace in R lifetimes! I'm 83 & NEED to see you in Hawaii for world peace & a Global Constitutional Convention…∞
Wondering what did Pompeo do to him?
Great job Mr. President
Note that @washingtonpost broke the story a day before this announcement. Another #RealNews story by #WaPo

One can only achieve peace through war.... Kudos Kim
I should admit I was not happy with your Presidency at first! As a moderate person I should say you are doing good job in a lot of areas. Keep it up. But my feedback to you is to consider some of advices that are coming from people who are disagreeing with you. Keep up good work
You are so fat!
Last week, huh?
WW3 is absolutely bad Mr.President! I hope you knew it, please avoid the meaningless conflict, please.
Pompeii shouldn’t be going on secret trips. No one will ever match the job Hillary did.

Isn't North Korea part of the World?
Why is the CIA Director acting in the capacity of a job he has not been confirmed for #RememberInNovember #Impeach45 #Midterms2018
God bless you.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @latimes
No one in their right minds believe anything u say. U crook. U have no business in r Oval Office. Nothing about trump says America nothing
Don’t you mean Rocketman ?
A few of your predecessors have been fooled by North Korea.
You rock! #MAGA
Does this mean that your dream for building UP our nuclear arsenal isn't happening? 
If you think that snuggling up and sliding under the sheets with Kim will bring you any closer to becoming a legit tator yourself, you're DELUDED. Even Kim knows that!
You will be impeached
trump is my favorite leader, if your favorite also..don't forget to. like comment and share.

commencé  d'abord à vous denucliariser vous même les états unis avant de voir les autres
Lol watch this new found friend ship it don't add up.
Hog wash !
I think that it is splendid statecraft！！

The Japanese mass media does not report it definitely, too
Please tell me the intention of the President from now on in Twitter
Bravo.. Better b a nobel prize in it
Thanks
No America,no war.
마지막 분단국가의 평화에 기여하는 트럼프
Keep on keeping on ! Your tweets are the highlight of my twitter usage !
REWRITE HISTORY OF THE WORLD
This is AMA-ZA-ZING! This Prez is kicking ass.
The best thing that could happen to the world is for you to drop off of it.
You’ve got a lot of time to tweet while you’re on vacation again !!
He's not on vacation, he's been meeting with the Prime Minister of Japan.
Kim will eat you for lunch!Just like Putin does!Pompeo is a partisan hack.Does he lick Trumps ****?Just telling it like it is.
I agree
Stand strong for us! We finally have a real president. God bless you and our besieged country.
#RefundOurSocialSecurity

Idiot!

Amazing. Maga
Mike Pompeo is not the secretary of state yet and shouldn't be meeting with anyone
So, you’re going to SELL OUT to North Korea AND Russia?  Wow....you’re talented.  “You’re talented” are words I bet you’ve never heard...especially from Stormy!
How about America regains some respect on the world stage by removing all its nuclear capabilities and THEN asking for other countries to do the same? Be the leader you claim to be.....
If he wanted to talk to a dictator he could have just gone to the whitehouse- it would have been alot more affordable for the tax payers...
Senior admin official confirms to FOX that the Trump Admin informed the Russian embassy on Sunday that there would not be another round of sanctions for now.
Sir, not to doubt you, but is there any way that we could have verification of some of your Tweets? I could say that I had a meeting with you today,  and that we got a lot of good things done, but I didn't.
America can be your best friend or worst enemy. North Korea has the opportunity to grow and join the world community.
没有原则是做不成事的，欧巴马就是这种人
Why they met secretly.Would you announce the meeting if it went bad?
I have a important mensage to you my friend
Looks like if Pompeo doesn't make it, your next three picks for the role are also going to be unavailable.
Where are the dembots mocking this tweet? Silence. LOL
You mean him arranging illegal meetings with a man not yet confirmed in post?
If you read from the top/ bottom, you would see lots of comments.
you know you could do a press statement about this. All major new sources have people at the WH! Your a coward!
Great for the NoKo people too.  Food and medicines will flow into the country and they will no longer have to depend on grass to survive!
I have some really great ideas about North Korea. 
https://youtu.be/66ToldZm3zM 
@LeftyWilliams42
I'll email you Harold. Please DM ME
So very proud of ALL you have done and are doing for America and her people. God bless you, your family and your team! Thank youu forr Makng America Great Again!
PS: Keep that swamp drain going!

That’s great news 
