Who picks up the tab?
For Ibama it comes from all monies stolen from “we the People”
Carol, your tweet makes no sense. I was questioning who picks up the tab for trump affairs at his "club"
I’m sure that a president who takes no salary...and certainly know that someone would question it if it was submitted to his bill payers...so I would say he pays his own way!
"We shouldn't be praising him, we should be putting him down, we should be taking him off of air instead of giving him minute after minute," White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said of James Comey. I think most of the US thinks the same thing about the POTUS.
Most people in AMERICA are glad we have Donald J TRUMP as OUR President! Most people however are NOT pleased with the apathy of CONGRESS!
Actually not. Over 60% of people would rather not have Donald Trump as president. And there's a huge percentage of us who would like him in jail.
Hear! Hear!

@PressSec, Trump doesn't represent the US. There is no conflict. I hate Trump *because* I love the US.
He is the POTUS regardless of what you want. The majority of voters decided that a year and a half ago. But if it makes you feel better you go ahead and believe it never happened.
Some free advertising for Trump properties on the taxpayer dime! Highly unethical.
Where were you when Michelle and family were in Africa, Spain, China, Skiing in Aspen????
HHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHA you stupid BOT!!!
And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince or foreign State.
How much did trump pocket off the taxpayer to put Abe up at MaraLago? Won't even ask how much for Secret Service room & board this time. I'd say total what, a cool $10mill?
Do you have one single active neuron left in your head?
Keep it coming Dan! We will help get around the fake news!
Yessssss
You’re driving slow in the fast lane....
Remind me again who is PROFITING from this? Oh yeah, the one that's in direct violation of Article I Section IX of the Constitution of the United States.
Only you lopsided Dems could make this out to be something bad. Just let the man do his job
Article I Section IX: and no person holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall,  without the consent of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument,  office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or  foreign state.
Your president is a first class tit.
Your writing skills are horrendous. See, you can get your point across without getting crude and offensive, at least I would hope that you can.
Let’s give more of our tax dollars to tump hotels!  Keep spending!
Yeah on the taxpayers dollar.  Trump making a personal profit,  over and over and over.  They should be at the WH.  this is total bullshit!  Hope he goes to prison very soon!
How much money is Donny making off us exactly, when he hosts all these events at Mar-a-Lago that should be in The White House!
BTW: THERE IS NO SOUTHERN WHITE HOUSE.
WE ONLY HAVE ONE WHITE HOUSE AND IT IS NOT IN PALM BEACH!!!
#MichaelCohen
FDR also had a southern Whit House.  He’s definitely not the first President to do this.
True...however, FDR didn't PROFIT from the trips. Article I Section IX.
Many presidents have entertained on their properties. Trump is no different.
The others didn't PROFIT. Article I Section IX.
Well done as I see it.
Ah, another violation of the Emoluments Clause and another example of Trump making money at tax payers' expense. FYI, Camp David is a lot cheaper on the tax paying public's budget.
A white shooter.
People of color murdered.
A black, gunless hero.
A silent white President.
#WaffleHouseShooting
Puke. Our president is ripping off American citizens by using Mara-Lago for national business.
Where Dem hoes at!?

Here’s 1984 audio of Trump pretending to be “John Barron” and trying to convince a Forbes journalist to list him as wealthier than he was: https://wapo.st/2HfeYAO?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.fd9570cd0ba5 …
Time to retire the old orange cheeto that would rather golf than govern. #TrumpResignNow #putinsbitch
ETXDem, When You Figure Out that your a Communist, Then You'll Know that #Trump is a True American Patriot, And Your Part of the PROBLEM! If you Only Knew the Real Truth about Washington, Then you would Know Just How BAD the Swamp STINKS! And This has Been Long before D.J.Trump!
and we’re walking...

#WeThePeople should break the chains of the #Deepstate Establishments and Declare Our own party that represents #WeThPeople!  The #Patriots Party!  
#IndependenceDay…


Great Yankees 
Are you giving all the money you're making off this soiree back to the government?  How are you getting  away with this?
#emolumentsclause!! Shame on the GOP, congress and senate!!! No ethics in WH or Congress! #BLUEWAVE2018
Daca is Dead no more Deal's
That's great.

Great! Thanks Dan...Keep up The Great Work..
Emoluments Clause. This man is a blatant crook.
That @PressSec @SarahHuckabee she's a #Honeybadger!
Around the corner from my daughter house and absolutely beautiful weather !
Revolting, simply REVOLTING!
I just read several responses and none of them are nice at all.  What has happened to people???

Wasting taxpayers money again I see.
Yes, the dinner is the top on agenda.
US taxpayer money goes directly to Trump. Corruption.
I wish it could play on/in this browser but, it showed gray plus friction
And, genius, how much did this cost the taxpayers over and above what it would have cost doing it all at the White House?  Let me answer because U won't: a bundle. This is another Trump scam so he can pump money into his accounts and do PR for his properties at the same time. GFY
How much did Trump International make off of us for this dinner?

Like you guys did with Obama

Hsdffoshiojfugdfzndjdddssdfsffhdhixidgiihdfsdfbo
Dcufyiudiguudfofduo
Never Spanky
Thank you for such an insightful look behind the scenes of this piece of shit kleptocratic administration. Good luck finding work when this gig is over. You will be toxic in the private sector.
Your clubhouse !!!!!

why must everything be so "theatrical" ?  does this Make America Great Again ?
Hai

.@SenateMajLdr #Pompeo may have @POTUS' Confidence but d American People doesn’t have confidence that Diplomacy is his goal! Not voicing that "POTUS is not above d law" & long held views on human rights & regime-change disqualify him as America’s Chief Diplomat! @SenSchumer
Taxoayers continue to pay Trump for use of his properties?
Love it 
Dan, 
we love all these videos to see what happened. 
How gorgeous it all was. How beautiful everyone looked. 
Please keep sending them!
#maga

anyone ask him, "did you shoot par?"

just sayin'
Love the crew!!! And my POTUS!!!!
Damn Abe left me?
Tax payers pay for the extravagant events, but if the events are at a Presidents Golf Club, does the President get paid for hosting? Something doesnt seem right about that, or is it just me?? #MAGA #Drumpf
And a shame #america has to pay @realDonaldTrump and the #trumpcrimefamily for use of his hotel and not the @WhiteHouse .

Thank God for @BobSMueller and the fantastic #grandjurysystem and the role of the average American in ferreting out traitors from the 2016 election.
Looks like they are really working!! Such wasteful spending... Trump is getting richer every time they host at Mar-lago !!!
Criticism from the same mindless liberals that supported President Obama no matter what... now pull the morality card on Trump. Hilarious...sort of...
Thank you for posting  feels like old times
Jealous hearts Trump comped it all.  What better place to be rather than the swamp in the District of Corruption.
Y'all's is Dum
Yep on the American tax payers dime. Yet Trump & Congress continue to get paid for doing little or nothing. #shameless
Sheep
Get back on the bag, Dan. You’re in over your head, same as your boss.
Best president this country has ever seen! Drain the swamp build the wall! A man that is keeping his promises
Who’s the uninformed fella who can barely speak English with the Japanese PM?
We need the money you are spending at Mar-a-Lago to stop the Opiod epidemic. We are loosing over 300 people a day. Keeping America Safe?
More golf
More vacation

Sick
This is such a joke. Trump has made the Japanese Prime Minister lose face, basically giving him the middle finger in the middle of his US visit, because Trump did not inform the PM privately about Pompeo's visit to NK. He seriously has no clue.
This had no business being at Mar-A-Lago. No business except Trump business, that is. It’s WRONG!!!
She even walks like a buffalo....
Gringo
Let him know South Korea is not in TPP please.
Danny-boy, my great niece is getting married next month and after seeing your wedding-style video, I would like to talk to you about doing one for her. We all know President Dennison will soon show you he has no loyalty and wedding videos are better than going back to caddying!

MUST WATCH: Disgraced Former @FBI Director James @Comey CONFRONTED by Conservative Journalist @LauraLoomer on first day of his book tour. #ComeyBook #Loomered…
Practice that perp-walk, boys...
GOP bows to russia again. Frightening and frankly evil implications Trump decided to abandon plans for more Russia sanctions
How much are taxpayers being billed for this? Trump is making millions off us and advertising his property. So unethical and wrong.
His base idiots keep saying he doesn't take a salary but he does profit from his properties that's breaking the Constitution that's the emoluments clause and he breaks it every day what a great president
trump gvt bows to russia yet again. Its getting very scary. Trump decided to abandon plans for more Russia sanctions
Millions of dollars FUNNELING  I to trumps private resorts, what is not an ethical about this
After getting a call from Puppet Master Putin . . .

Trump decided to abandon plans for more Russia sanctions
I’m sure if Obama had owned a Chicago Hotel GOP would be fine w/ him funneling business, jacking up rates, & promoting it non-stop as ChiWH
Obama wore a tan suit and the gop lost their minds! Trump is making a fortune off the taxpayers #WorstPresidentEver

Ahhhh. The sweet smell of graft.  All those Japanese and US gov dollars pouring into Trump Inc.
IF that's what he was doing they would have grounds to impeach him but he's not. The democrats and media would be jumping up and down ... they aren't so shut up. It's bad enough we have to deal with their lies
Finally..... a REAL president for the people and the nation
I guess you feel it's okay you have a criminal in the White House and yes he's a criminal
John Kelly is a ham!  everyone looked to be enjoying the winter White House
Florida vacation at the tax payer’s expense... I’d be happy too...
Not on vacation it is the winter White House
Omg, this is all on the tax payers tab. Few days off hit the links enjoy Florida, good food, free drinks. All inclusive vacation. Wow another dream I can't afford. $3M plus per trip by Trump. Give me an effing break.
SAD

The winter kremlin

Great work! Keep it up!
Peas in a pod, two #corrupt presidents.
We’re sad to say goodbye to Barbara Bush, but it’s nice that she lived long enough to see a president worse than her son.
Crap! That's what that magazine is it is and always has been its junk
Obviously, you don't know the difference between good and bad 
Our supposed @POTUS is making a mockery out of OUR country in front of the whole world. He's making everyone kiss his ring. Well, he can kiss my ass!!
Why can’t he do business in the WH where the security is best, rather then going to his property in FL where security is far more costly to the tax payers? Anything above the cost at the WH should be paid by Trump himself
CLASSIC!
What are we doing to help Puerto Rico
No one cares about the most disapproved of @POTUS in modern history.

How interesting..people walking, amazing!!
After attacking Syria without constitutional legitimacy Trump has lost all credibility of being anything but kosher nostra
Comey compares Trump to a mafia boss because he already knows from Muller and FBI have between Trump and Cohen phone calls. Witchunt with a capital W
Winning with a capital W.

JEFF KELLY LIES TO EVERYONE ON TWITTER!
Cha Ching$$$  Trump is raking it in at his club.  The guy is a marketing genius!  

Reporters, find out how much Abe's room is costing per night and who is paying for it.   @ChrisCuomo @SRuhle
Gen. Kelly is funny waving like that!  lol



And to think we are paying for that
You probably collect welfare, so YOUR not paying squat!
#boring
How much did this cost us taxpayers?  Why wasn’t this done in our Nation’s Capitol?


A whole line of liars.
What are they cooking in Puerto Rico?


You realize there are many government-owned facilites to hold dinners for visiting heads-of-state?  By using those facilites, the American taxpayers would not be funding a private business from which @POTUS personally profits.  This is the most obscene corruption ever witnessed.
How much did that dinner cost me? I had a peanut butter sandwitch, I just ask because I want to make sure my tax dollars from my working 95 hours a week at two jobs, is being well spent, I'm retired, but have to work to pay rent, my wife's meds, and a little bit of food.
WoW! What a HUGE gala event. It
must have cost ten$ of million$
Gold EVERYWHERE  Spared no
expense, did you Emperor Trump
The Whitehouse is there for a
reason... Why are you so afraid to
use it? Or can't you? Anyway...

  It's time to #Resign.
Is that the swamp in the background?

@POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Just be good little Dems and keep eating his dust while he continues to #MAGA .....lol
Nice

Do not listen to #Bergoglio because in denying Jesus and His Truth deviates you from the Way traced by Christ: https://twitter.com/juventino5555/status/979738222887669760 …
No surprise these two get along. Abe's about to be impeached in Japan for corruption.
川普總統：加油加油！支持！讚美讚美！陳振生，台灣。

Nice use of taxpayer $$ to promote Trump property -  no ethics @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @USAgov #ethics

Not saying that Trump has Hannity in the palm of his hand, but... 
Funny Colbert can see that with his head up Hillary's ass!

Diarrhea J Trump
That’s a posse 
Hi Dan,
When Lambo?
Get on with yourselves , the amount of time you all waste , it's called a phone now a days and everyone has one , didn't we bomb them , pay them back with trade
#GUILTYtrump #GUILTYtrump #SPANKY #SPANKY #SPANKY #RELEASEYOURTAXES #dontTRUSTtrump
Did tax payers pay for that dinner?
You betcha! Chocolate cake, Diet Coke, and well-done steaks - all washed down with a big gulp of emoluments clause.
Hey Dan! How much did it cost taxpayers this weekend to bring all those @WhiteHouse staffers to the faux glam of MaraLago? And what profit did the drumpf owned club earn? 
#Wheredidmymoneygo
#TrumpCrimeFamily 
#noclassnoethics
#MuellerKnows

Imagine if every country stopped giving foreign aid in Grains & gold
Instead 
Seeds & machinery & desalination plants so upstream has more water.
Start w 100% regular donations but in Capitalistic welfare

2 years 100%
Down 20% per year after
The 6 year plan to END  WELFARE
More money for Trump. Disgusting, corrupt president using the office to stuff his own pockets. #BananAmerica
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=158025261560524&id=100020591523247 …
What did that cost us?

How much did this cost the Taxpayers? All this Dinners and meeting are nothing more than to enrich @realDonaldTrump (the @WhiteHouse is fully staffed for just this reason! @POTUS is lining his pockets while getting free avertising and playing golf
And the taxpayers money goes to him!
Shows off Trump property for what reason?  Did he pay you to promote it?
Taxpayers paid for expensive dinner so trump could profit from it.
Dead men walking.........!!
Why is this stuff from the WH always set to music?!
They feel it makes us “think” they are special

