We're completely underwhelmed at your inability to properly vet a nominee so important to many of us Veterans. SAD!
We are completely underwhelmed by the music you produce. Sad 
Naj?

Ask @MELANIATRUMP what it's like to be married to a LOSER.
He was great. Especially since he refuted almost everything you espouse. You are a chucklehead.
He WAS great, spoke better than you in a non-native language. Was able to address Congress without reading verbatim from the script like you need to do.
And, shooting down all your policies in your backyard & received a standing ovation. #uradumbass #playedu
Mac gonna sweet talk some dat GLOBALISM.
How much are you getting paid? Worse yet you’re not and you actually support this doofus.

Adorable baby 
It is a open discussion to have direct interaction , so all congress can talk and discuss directly and efficiently, and bring faster conclusions to complicated issue ..only smart people can arrange this for high efficiency meeting
Can you please stop watching President Macron the way you have ? Its making us uncomfortable.
Repeat after me...Trump 2020
Repeat after me #traitor
Baaaaaa sheep baaaaaa
We don't want them to share anything . Which is why i know a commie liberal wrote this
So you’re ok with Trumpo and his rich buddies make money and you just get whatever. Gotcha 
You were right. Macron gave a great speech today. Maybe you should have one of your toadies explain its meaning to you.
He totally smoked you. Resign you embarrassing oaf.



You embarrass us every single day. All of the real world leaders who care about their country & their people have to tell you how wrong you are. Please quit.
Idiot
He ripped you a new one!
Shameful how a foreign leader has a better command of English than our own POTUS. Wish we had a POTUS we could, if not agree with, at least respect. Dark times in the USA.
He is preaching Globalism and Bogus Climate change,  I REJECT IT! #MAGA
No NWO...No Globalism!
Please,  please, have someone inform Trumphow the Iran Nuclear treaty works.  He is making such a fool of himself.
Your day may be planned, but your planned cuts to planned pregnancy are no longer planned. Another loss in the Courts. It must be hard for someone who is used to being a lying bully to get what they want to be told to play by the rul S for a change!
Thank you for grooming Macron.  Yes, he is a real leader.  #ImpeachTrump
Yeah he fucked you up real good

"Let us work together in order to make our planet great again ... There is no Planet B" -Emmanuel Macron
He was! He dressed you down without uttering your name. Loved it.
You will be impeached.
It was great and looks like you lost yet another boyfriend. You really can’t keep a fella.
You are truly amazing and productive! Thank you for all of your hard work to win America back from progressive failures!
Watched the french Mo Fu, A Fu ing u in his address to Congress. u sore still ???? 
Yeah it’ll be refreshing to watch a real president make intelligent and lucid and responsible remarks unlike the buffoon we have in office... take note Donnie and take heed and really pay attention to a real president.. maybe you’ll learn something
ok
Dude, he roasted you.
Great speech.  Did you attend?  Did you listen?
..... When u learn how to spell come back and then talk shit u dumb fuck
Macron was very presidential and was more representative of the wishes of the American people that you. Yes Paris Climate Accord, keep the Iran nuclear deal, say NO to extreme nationalism! Watch him and learn!
Tore you up! Bahahaha
Hahaha... He schooled you on climate change ignorance
Macron was great and pointed up just how NOT great you are. #MAGA #Macron #ImpeachTrump
He WAS great. Repudiated just about everything you stand for. And got standing ovations on both sides of the aisle. What does that tell ya?
Noticed @POTUS hasn’t commented after @EmmanuelMacron trashed his host and his positions at congress! You knew Macron was a snake Donald and @WhiteHouse
Dude, he's just not that into you!!
Looking forward to listening to a man that speaks English and is an articulate leader. Nice for a change
He would be even greater if he came around to your Nationalist way of thinking. :D
Yes, was great watching him call you out on climate change!!
Hope you heard his comments on the Paris climate accord.  D’accord?
President trump, I voted for you I believe you can make a difference but as I watch right now nothing's being done for the corruption that did liberal Democratic Party is put upon this country why do you continue to play with this. You have the power.

“Some people think that securing current industries...is more urgent than transforming our economies...But we must find a transition to a low-carbon economy. What is the meaning of our life...if we work and live destroying the planet, while sacrificing the future of our children"
Keep doing what you’re doing POTUS - don’t let those swamp creatures stop you from working to make America Great Again !!  DEMS absolutely suck !!
Working hard for America!!!!!!

Please, Vote & Retweet so we can get many people participating in this critical question!
Are you bracing President Trump's agenda acknowledging "America First" on all matters?
You miss holding his has hand?  You looked so gay......
"How you like me now?" Emmanuel Macron right after his speech to Congress.
I’m sure you’re viewing party was interesting to say the least.
Remember to follow ur instinct...Negotiate terms and Keep USA Safe...Negative is Everywhere...some people be aware of your success
alpha male..meet old gorilla
Is his goal to bring down the cost of prostitution and lap dances here in the US ???
I'm sorry that would be Putin !!!
Hvcxxx mbBhbDbm
How'd you like it
Haha. He down trousers you.
The 41-45 minute stretch was great. ( not particularly trumpian, but both rational and cogent)
I really loved Pres. Macron’s speech which got standing ovations from the Republicans on every single Democrat talking point!  Thank You Pres. Macron!


Donald Trump, September 2016:

‘Only guilty people plead the fifth’

Michael Cohen, April 2018:

‘I’m asserting my rights under the fifth amendment’

Case closed
Did Trump????
Viva Macron he dissed you trump lol. Go fire Pruitt and do something right.
He puts you to shame,!!
That was a great speech from a real President. No Trumpism, Climate Change, no Nationalisme. I LOVED IT!




I'll bet you didn't like what he said. He knows that if he flatters you, he can get anything he wants. Everyone knows that. And yes, he was GREAT.
His speech was brilliant. I liked the bit where he shat all over isolationism and nationalism. That was a good bit.
#DownWithUSA
Donnie Boy, So you were looking forward to watching President Macron address Congress and criticize/rebuke you and your policies RE: nationalism vs globalism, the Iran deal, free trade, and the climate control agreement. You are a real basket case.
Heh heh.  Sike!
After that speech do you still consider him a good guy, Chuckles?
"We can choose isolationism, withdrawal and nationalism ... but closing the door to the world will not stop the evolution of the world." -Emmanuel Macron
We need a VA director, the VA is still a mess, whats even worse Congress and the Senate many have never made a public statement, like Schumer. about the 4000 dead wrongful death cases sitting at the DOD, I am a huge supporter of you because of your love for the military, SOS
When is your meeting with Kanye?
We will see.!
He was great. He threw your ideas under the bus. Totally opposite on all your policies. Vive La France!
It was pretty fun listening to him take shots at your nationalistic and isolationist views. But then again he used words with more than 2 syllables, so I’m not sure how much if it you understood. 

Vive la différence !!!un des deux est brillant !!!  
#ImpeachTrumpNow 
#WorstPresidentEver 
#Kleptocracy 
#25thAmendmentNow
He did a great job, and showed everyone that you are a lesser man.
But you’ll never be great!
Macron did a great job ripping you a new one. https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/25/politics/emmanuel-macron-donald-trump-congress-politics/index.html …  #MorallyUnfit #BlueWave2018 #ObstructionOfJustice #Mueller
not true
Has your head exploded yet Spanky?  That WAS a great speech! The player got played.  Bigtime!   Want some more "Freedom fries" with that burger?
Apparently he has! I just watched the insane rant on FAUX NEWS! He needs immediate psychological help!
"...seldom allowed to be done..."???

Yeah...it's only happened 112 TIMES SINCE 1874!
And after, if you behave, we can take you out for ice cream.

LOL LOL HE PLAYED YOU LIKE THE CHEAP WIND UP CLOWN YOU ARE!
Macron rolled u.He let u smooze in the 1st day,then he ripped u apart in the joint session of Congress.(no nationalism,no pulling out of Iran deal,the global climate agreement) You thought u had him wrapped around your tiny finger & he played u. Same will happen w/Kim Jung un.
Great President
Nice interview on Fox. Talk about shooting you in the foot. You show yourself in the leg u dummy. I hope your base comes to see who u really are
Can you confirm he was GREAT?
An important Ally.
You wouldn’t know a busy day if it bit you on the trump. 

LAZIEST. PRESIDENT. EVER.
That you know is a lie, he would do cycles around obuma.
Obama was up by 7 and went to bed after 1am.  He worked in between those hours.  Trump?  He tweets and watches fox.  Yeah, cycles for sure, in your dreams!
Obama could beat trump at golf, presidenting, successfully staying married, not buying abortions for his side women, not having baby mamas other than his wife, truth-telling, & any other metric you can name. trump is a failure at everything except COLLUSION with Russia & TREASON.
Show me the colulsion I will wait.
I rarely argue with bots that have 9 followers, as they’re usually located in Moscow. I’ve wasted more than enough time with you, Comrade. I’ll let Mueller show you, & Donny Dimwit, the actual charges.

Das vidanya.
Ok still waiting.
you still only have 9 followers bot!
好
The greatest achievement of Donald Trump is the reconciliation and friendship between Korea and North Korea after years of hostility and hostility, as well as North Korean nuclear disarmament talks and talks with the United States. The facts must be said. congratulations
And he WAS! He ate your damn LUNCH, you JOKE!  MACRON FOR PREZ!!! 
His wife is old
Macron is a globalist sent scold you and our agenda.
Again lmao at your ignorance & gulliblility
https://www.ravenslogic.com/2018/04/how-to-remove-dark-spots-doctors-advice.html …
Yep.....
We haven't heard a great speech since 2016!!  Climate change is real you orange troll!!  #Marconcantteachyou #Amanwithabrain #44forevergreat #asswipe #yousuck #Shitholepresident #Shutthehellup
Keep up the great work!!!
President Trump graciously hosted a world leader who, a year ago, had nothing good to say about him. Hats off to President Trump!
Go gettem Donnie
السماح لمن معكم وقد فعلها نتنياهو من قبل فرنسا مع الكونجرس سيادة الرءيس  Donald J Trump
Puipppppppppp
He was great. You were dull, no matter how well you tried to read your speech and make hand jesters like a girl. You fell short again 
Wonder if your wife will come to your funeral if you had passed away I have to wonder that have to wonder who would come to you maybe the ones that really don't care anymore I'm not sure you're not making the world Happy
Except for his open border beliefs...
Macron is a globalist and a climate changer advocate! We hope you do not follow what he is advocating!
Macron is an EU globalist who believes that half of Africa and the Mid East moving into Europe is the natural order of things.
Hopefully by the time we're done maybe you Bill Cosby can share cell maybe we can send you some postcards so we have something to read can you even read mr. Trump shoot a lot of s*** but doesn't look like you know how to read clearly you haven't looked at what you're dealing with
That people with small head, firat twitter block I ever did, the guy with the huge snake in the profile? Yeah u can have that bs back
I'm tickled pink that #Macron  slapped your policies. I hope you listened, but, sadly, you probably didn't understand any of it.
No one cares, we are waiting for you to resign!
We all enjoy hearing the leader of the Free World speak. Not too complimentary to you, tho.
He doesn't like what you and the GOP party are doing though.  That did come across rather nicely.  Perhaps you should listen to him since you seem to respect him.
Get out of the White House. Let the grown ups govern. Get out on the golf course. Take some lessons first.
Is this a start of a bromance??? Inquiring minds want to know.
When French President E. Macron (a globalist stooge Politician) speaks, it's Macron's lips moving but George Soros voice will be coming out of his mouth!
President Macron will do a great job. Wishing our First Lady a Very Happy Birthday.   America loves you Melania.
Except Macroon went off the rails with global warming and Iran. We need not take advice from a Country that is a mess socially and financially
How about how the American workers have been mistreated by coporste America?  Apple is a big part of that mistreatment.
He was great. At critizing You. But You're too dumb to even understand that...
He was great
You do realize that Macron is playing you like a fiddle! Or are you too stupid to realize it? All that lovey dovey stuff...hahahaha
You were so played!


Didn’t you just love Macron’s address?
Inspiring speech by President Macron. "There is no planet B!.
I bet you don't do that again..bahaha..oh my, that was great! Macron called you and your policies out and was correct.
Is he still banging that geriatric
:) :) Macron sure was great!
No not great

"Without reason, without truth, there is no real democracy because democracy is about true choices and rational decisions."-Emmanuel Macron
How did you like it?
You're right. He did a great job addressing our leaders. Very thoughtful, concise, and had an understanding of globalization.    Is this what a national leader is supposed to soundlike?
Catch Robert William Fisher.
Viva le  Macron!!
Macron? Really? Why?

IN ORDER TO GET THINGS DONE FOR EVERYONE (EVEN THE DEM LEADERS KNOW THIS) WE MUST HAVE CONTROL OF THE HOUSE AND THE SENATE. ALL YOU FIRST TIME VOTERS, MAKE SURE YOU VOTE REPUBLICAN AND EVEN THE DEMS THAT WANT OUR COUNTRY TO IMPROVE WHICH IT IS.
Finally you’re right about something. He was great. I hope you actually listened.
Looking forward to watching you get arrested.
He dragged you through it today, just like you deserved.
I am sure the Donald was pleased to be made a fool of once again. A daily occurrence, all brought about in reaction to his own words and actions. How much mortification can one take before they wake up?
You have not had a busy day since you took office wasting taxpayer money on Golf and frivolous spending him secluded business deals his not being commander-in-chief.  The end is near!
Busy day for Donnie. Better pack lots of toys and snacks.
He was great. I think a lot of that is because he talked sense. Unlike you, he realizes the importance of the Iran deal and addressing climate change.
President Macron was GREAT!! It was so refreshing to hear a President speak in complete sentences, and convey his thoughts in a coherent fashion.
No Golf... fuck me
“If you are innocent ....why plea the 5th”. Sound familiar.

And watching TV.  For hours.
It was great watching him tell Congress and the world how stupid your policies are. Oh, hey, and thanks for acting as his valet/lint brush. You may have a future as an obsequious (have an intern look it up for you) toady.
You wouldn’t recognize greatness if it hit you in the face.
It takes one tweet to shut up every idiot that is against @realDonaldTrump 
Those who are with him have God on their side. 
Those who are against him have been deceived by the Devil. 
Yo liberals are done, it’s over, we win. 
#maga #TheStormHasArrived
I bet you didn't even realize that he was destroying your EPA pick.  He's a true leader.  Not you.  You are a pathetic time filler.
-38-38
