OUT !!!!!!
Please name one accomplishment.
North Korea
We don't even know what he did over there all we have is hearsay
We do not need a Trump sycophant leading the State Department, we need someone that has America's interest at heart, not Trump's and his band of grifters...
Crybaby.  What was the name of the runner up in the presidential election of 2016?  Oh yeah, Hillary.

There are no "real" WH policy successes. None.
Thank God you are the new Secretary of State.
There is no reason for not confirming him as Secretary of State.
Pompeo is LYING about his service record... I am sure the Draft Dodger doesn't care.. but character matters.
He is not suited for the job. He is not a good man. This level of ignorance does not command respect on the world stage. Like Bolton. Like YOU. You are not in any way MAGA.
When we're let into this country. Sounds like you need lots of American history courses including one on our constitution. You radical leftists arr nothing but robots
Congrats to Mike Pompeo. Well deserved
Congratulations to our New Secretary of State. The 2 of u work together so great. I would like to thank those Democrats the voted for our country first. Thank u
He is an outstanding choice. A vast improvement over the treasonist obamanics who nearly destroyed us.
Pompeo will be a great Secretary of State. If you live in a state with Democrats as representatives, call, email your representatives and tell them vote for Pompeo
Hahahahaha
Are you Five yers old? Your tweets don’t contribute to information
No, I’m not 5 years old, which is why I know Pompeo is a bad choice, just like all trumps other choices. Open your eyes..
Open my eyes  That’s ridiculous. International trade was my business until I retired. Open your eyes
Remember during the campaign you claimed Hillary would get us in a war? Yeah. Why are you filling Seats with trigger happy Hawks? We need diplomacy. PS If you pull out of IRAN deal.  North Korea will not trust any promises you make. &Iran will start up again!
Ok, you get rid of Dummy Donnie, and I'll give my blessing to Mike.
Our country faces threats abroad? That is an oxymoron.
Great choice Mr President! Please find another very capable and loyal Allie to replace him at the helm of the CIA...there are still many disloyal ticks dug in that need removal from that agency! Might you consider General Mike Flynn??
Do we have a country abroad???

Putin said 95% of the world's terror is sponsored by @CIA

...most truthers believe @CIA killed our 35th Presiden…
He’s a repugnant, lying sack of shit like you...no, thank you!
The only excrement I have seen is that coming out of the white house when Barak and Michelle left. That was a pretty big haul.
Thank you. Coming from obama dimwit, I consider it a compliment. Look around you. The economy is flourishing; lowest unemployment in minority communities; and businesses coming back with their investments. U can't stand the undoing of the Obama liberal fascist agenda. Go to cuba
The Dems should remember that this kind of thing can go two ways IF THEY EVER Get back in majority.  He’s perfect for the job so let him get on with it.
There is a reason why ur profile pic is sideways.
Richard, with all due respect, That was an unkind reply.  She has an opinion and it was a proper post.  At least you did’nt drop the all to frequent “F” bomb in your reply, so Thank you for that.
No need for the F bombs. Ur right. Called me out and that's cool. Apologize for the unkind reply. Will stick more to subject
Could do like O’bummer and do nothing

What about all the crap Trump talks about our intelligence community.  Two faced liar.
Bullshit
We actually need a Diplomat with diplomatic experience
What accomplishments? Name just one .
Nice propaganda. The "grave threat" facing our country occupies (when not golfing) the Oval Office.
TOTALLY AGREE!, the work experience Mr. Mike Pompeo has during his time as CIA Director certainly benefits us. He deserves to be the number one man in the Department of Foreign Affairs. Believe it or not, we look forward to it coming.
@Faye0226 @WhiteHouse  Dems R so afraid that as Trump strengthens his Cabinet his popularity will grow & his agenda will pass

Baby Jane, Believe nothing you hear and half you see. Investigate for truth. Trump isn't Perfect, who is. Hardly guilty of a most of your list.  
Baby Jane's response demonstrates how stupid ppl R! They only watch CNN or MSNBC which are both notorious spreading lies on Trump
Except that everything on this list is verifiable
I laugh when Liberals only check Liberal sites bc their opinions R already formed so they repeat things like Parrots they are!
I laugh when Americans really believe Trump has their best interest at heart
Thank you patriots #ConfirmPompeo
I  agree
There haven't been any 'accomplishments'. Mike just got fat, like his boss.
Tell that to a soon to be unified Korea, loser.


FAKE NEWS !!!!
NO! Trump consistently has shown his warmongering instinct in his choices of nominees, how words, threats & actions. This nominee is not only no more qualified or honorable than all trump's others, but specifically has shown himself unqualified in this situation. JUST SAY NO!
#ConfirmMikePompeo
#StopPartisonPolitics @RonPaul @HouseDemocrats @SenateMajLdr @SenateDems @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Never- he is a terrible choice.  His past opinions show his propensity for war over diplomacy.
#ConfirmPompeo
Bs
Not a fan. To much spook. Pick Nikki Haley.
#ChrisWallace Macron may not see different Iran solution but perhaps @realDonaldTrump has one. And now France is our good ally. Thanks POTUS & keep tweeting the truth. I don’t need Talking heads interpretations. just hate US.
Good
THE VOID CREATED BY THE SWAMP IS NOT ONLY IGNORANT AND CORRUPT it's un- Constitutional !!!  The VOID in Congress is emptied as we deploy the best suited to ensure wise policy again !!! To end the void in WDC we the people need representation - not the swamp !
EMPTY-void reptiles! NEW TRAIN OF ADVISORS WHO WILL STAND & FIGHT FOR US - unlike swamps lack of responsibilities due to corruption and ignorance & covering wolves tracks who take advantage of their disqualifacation as true ldrs of America's great favor !
SWIFTLY MAY GOD CHANGE THE BALANCE FROM VOID AND EMPTY HANDED FOOLS IN CONGRESS TO A MORE PERFECT WAY SET BEFORE US - THANK YOU PREZ TRUMP TRAIN STATION - EVER GREAT FAVOR GRANTED TO US SOVERGNITY AGAIN !!!  The VOID create danger - get on with it !!!
Name them.
Can anyone post any facts that could be used to vote against Pompeo as secretary of state.He  is head of the CIA and that was no problem.
Dems will do anything to  keep Trump from  getting credit for anything good  and Pompeo may help him as secretary of state.
Pompeo was  fine with Dems as head of the CIA. .They don't want him as secretary of state because he might help Trump with North Korea
If Trump goes to North Korea they will keep him. Let us pray
Mike is from Kansas....not Washington DC...he is the real deal, with integrity, righteous values and uncorrupted past.

F U
CALL YOUR SENATORS 
VOTE IS MONDAY MORNING 

#ConfirmPompeo Secretary of State 
Seamless transition.
#rejectPompeo for Secretary of State
Don’t WH ethics prevent you from running ads for Trump’s picks? This is simply repugnant.
He is welcome to the Republican party...
The gravest threat to this country is #Israel #AIPAC #IsraeliLobby #Zionism #RothschildBanks #IsraeliSpiesInCongress #DuealIsraeliCitizenSPIESinWhiteHouse @ZionistOperatives #Pompeo #Gorka #Chertoff #Adelson #Bolton
Really?
Trump foreign accomplishments??  Null set
Get out of the whitehouse.
Let’s get him confirmed come on GOP
No comment
ANOTHER LIAR, JUST LIKE PRESIDENT.

No, no we don't.
Hello WH..Excellente initiative, mais je suis arrive avec ' un petit incident "que j ai du mal a expliquer...tu le sais !.je me pose des questions , mais je vais réfléchir....Amicalement
Really? We need more administrators who lie about their military service? I don’t think so.
Then he needs to stay there. Goverment has the problem of using the Peter Principle - Promote to the highest level of incompancy.
Fake news.
So many Russian Bots on this thread.
This is one American and voter that says Yes, make it happen now Democrats and congress.  The VOTERS have waited enough.  Stop the resistance.
You liberals just think the world owes you everything we're trying to make it a better place you're trying to take our guns away because you think that's a fastest way you can take over the country well for your information you try to take her guns to Rebels will rise and youlose
Amen vote pompeo
#MakeCIAscaryAgain #MissionAccomplished
If he does get in, I am off to the bookies for him to be sacked within the year. Trump needs to step down and let someone with dignity and respect for others take the helm.
NEXT!
No @CIA treason against USA republic 50* defense w/ Beauty Second Amendment Militias AR-15 laser available written by founders for defense now universal rights inalienable The Bill Of Rights & common welfare us&good @USAGov Us citizen against malign bipartisan conservative&iberal
No America doesn't need Mike as a diplomat, He isn't a diplomat, he is an intel guy.
We don’t need Trump - you are morally bankrupt
Hard fight ahead to get him confirmed
This POTUS is making more progress for USA than the past three POTUS accomplished put together ever did and despite the low life lying liberals trying to disrupt President Trumps many successes !
When did this happen?
How do we keep politics out of confirmation process?

Confirm MP!
Name one? I’m having a hard time remembering one thank you

Be careful Kim Jong Un you may end up like Saddam Hussein and Maummar Gaddafi. They will con you into  giving up your weapons and when they know you can no longer defend yourself, they will move in and kill you. Don't say I didn't warn you. They cannot be trusted #theywillkillyou

The Democrats should step out of the way.

The Democrats are suing @WikiLeaks and @JulianAssange for revealing how the DNC rigged the Democratic primaries. Help us counter-sue. We've never lost a publishing case and discovery is going to be…
I'm praying Mike Pompeo gets confirmed as Secretary of State very soon. Congress needs to let POTUS get his nominations comfired now.
Think what our country was like just three years ago. Now stop whining and allow the man a chance.
Dear Mr. President, I think that you need to do whatever that will help the US be STRONG.
Trump and Pompeo the best tim for make american greate againg.Congratulations
Mr. Pompeo would be a God send leader and fit perfectly into President Trump's agenda why do you think there is so much resistance against him it is because he will be successful
HELL NO!
You Are Doing Great Mr. Pompeo..Amazing how you go to speak with Kim Jun Un & nothing about it leaked.. haha guess leaking is what dems do NOT us Republicans that stand with Our #1 President
To all Democrats, I would say, "As naturally as it may come to you, quit being scum for a few minutes."
As POTUS racks up massive victory after massive victory, the maniacs on the left whose solemn duty it is to destroy America must block any future massive success. The message they send is The People must never be able to choose a problem-solving president again.
He already scored - now democRATS & Fake News must shut up & get out of the way! I stand behind Pompeo's nomination - POTUS 45 only second to POTUS 1
He is a good choice and an honorable man! Don't let your ignorance lead you and think more about the country!! This is dangerous business these days. I'm sure he would keep our service men in mind and not leave them to die!!!
Another one ?? Omg
Absolutely. Mike is a Good Man. Confirm him. Thank you President Trump
Funny how easily crooked H was approved for the same job and she’s as corrupt as they come

Uu
God bless President Trump
#Bot
Military and Intelligence Agencies have taken over from politicians.
Nominating this to become our chief diplomat only confirms that this @WhiteHouse is a scary #ClownCollege. With so many good choices, why scrape detritus from the bottom of the barrel?
Until he upsets the Sdotard-in-chief then he's gone like all the rest 
At the end of the Tunnel comes Light.
Sounds like he's better suited to stay at the leading terrorist agency in the world
When the WH and Spanky are promoting him so hard, he must be the wrong guy.  What's your turnover rate again, 50%?????
Keep trying until you get it right.
Mike♪
Rubbish. All this was started by Rex Tillerson and  Sth Korea with the invite to the O Games. It then continued and  Pomous ass just jumped on the band wagon. As did Trumpy stating the O Games was a success because of him. Is that the WH or a house for the criminally insane??
Oooooo shudder shudder shudder. Bllleccch!
Congratulations !  Korea needs him.
Plus he’s a war hero......oh wait, no......he’s a fraud.  A liar and a crook. Trump’s kind of guy
Trick no good. I see Moi strong. Peace bit$#
He is the one we need .
#Bot
As the CIA are the main distribution for the same aforementioned ex directors drug empire. They control 80 percent of the world's illegal opioid trade. And the last ex director who got into the White house and cabinet LVL position started something that has killed 100k + people
well I would recommend EXTREME CAUTION. As the last head of the CIA who got in a even higher position of power is responsible and behind some of the greatest Human rights violations. although it makes more sense now as to why your going after pain patients.
Drop him and send his sycophantic butt to unemployment.
Oh dear......Mike is not gonna b happy he's received the Donnie dotard kiss of death recommendation...& it was all going so well 2...
. @WhiteHouse No we don't. We don't need him at all.

BTW, which grave threats would those be?
Barf
God bless you and all Americans!
Didn't he control some rendition, waterboarding, and other black stuff too?

At least our Foreign Secretary is just a buffoon. 

#MAGA
Amen, Godspeed!  Praying!
As usual, this administration picks the least possibly qualified person.
Brad Skipper, you have no idea whats going on around the world just what you hear on MSM,SMH

Stick some dynamite up those obstructors butts that won't move forward on his confirmation!
They are undermining our Republic. Treasonous.
Just no
The biggest threat to the nation is the Traitor-in-Chief.  The entire administration will be remembered just like nazis in power in the 30's and '40s.  We will make sure of that.
What's his religeous beliefs? That will tell me a lot!
Nope.
It’s very concerning when racist #45 needs help to negotiate an end to an investigation involving treasonous acts!
Giuliani says he is joining Trump’s legal team to ‘negotiate an end’ to Mueller probe
Just what the US needs
HE  is and will be a Great Leader as Secretary of State !!!   he reminds me of another inspiring Leader  .............
Confirm Pompeo asap. He's been vetted what's the problem?

Say it, this patriot is on it! The left hates it.
He is going to do a great job

confirm Him already!
The most grave threat facing our country is the current occupant of the White House.

No, we do not.
No!
Senators better get their act together and confirm Pompeo now.
Why isn't anyone in the WH or Congress talking about the #Isreali snipers killing innocent people, women and children, as they walk by? #Isreal #Palestine #stop #cheetoinchief #money
Why is the US funding a #genocide in Yemen by supplying Saudi Arabia with weapons and money? #yemen #SaudiArabia #cheetoinchief #stop
Punk Rocker invades Japan, Super-Tokyo Style
Many of Pompeo's online presences suggest he served in a war zone.  He did not! Shameful!!
Everyone who loves America vote for Pompeo!!!!
And what the hell would that be? Bombing empty buildings in Syria?
NO on Pompeo
We need measured diplomacy not pompous pompeo at the helm when we have #TraitorTrump at the helm of this great ship of state. Nyet!
Well said comrade, nythe

What's he going to do about you, our gravest threat to our country?
When will he be fired ?
Not.
Silly
That would be a bad career decision.
Only the Democrats stand in the way. They will do anything to get back in power.
amen
Get the rothchildes blood drinkers and pedovors, every thing else will be easy

He hates Muslims. He does not represent America.


Great job. Keep up the great work god Bless 

If he can avoid pissing off every Muslim nation on the planet.
He was ok at Defense but he’s a very bad fit for State.  Should have left him where he was.
