Matthew 10:22
And you will be hated by all for My name’s #sake. But he who #endures to the #end will be saved.
#Jesus is our #Savior   #RedeemerLives #OneNationUnderGOD
Proverbs 11:14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors there is #safety.
Did tRump just do an advertisement for Mar-a-Lago AGAIN? I'm pretty sure a majority of world leaders don't want to be in the same room with that man.
This still cracks me up. How great would it be if all world leaders wife's did this. Hell, even the leaders!
And this is coming from the wife of the leader of fucking Poland- one of the few countries in the EU teetering on the verge of fascism and nationalism. And even THEY seem to think Rump is unconscionable. 
Honestly people. Why don't you go find out what the 2 may talk about & wait for an outcome so you learn something.
Maybe they will talk about trade and sanctions. Japan has to be careful.
US/Japan alliance. All I found so far. Did you hear anything new? That's not made up if we can tell, right?
Meeting about trade and North Korea. Probably going to eat delicious chocolate cake and spend millions of taxpayer money too.
I wonder how much they actually would pay for chocolate cake...
Free cake for owner of resort. Abe might get a very small slice.
If he likes chocolate cake they will give him 5 lol.
@WhiteHouse&Namely;ou TPP+aIIb ∞ possibilities are there, but un droit d'auteur plus strict sera requis ainsi qu'un contrôle des arme à feu http:// https://twitter.com/NamikoF/status/972710266994503680 … &car; super brothers we are J'espère poursuivre le développement des deux paysи я 祈aloneGtNамикoF.
As Scandal-Tarred Abe Meets Trump, ‘the Situation Is Getting Dangerous’
Japan Prime Minister Abe Faces Mounting Pressure to Resign (VIDEO)
Japanese PM Abe Faces Protests Amid Corruption Scandal | The Market Mogul
Then they’ll have a lot to talk about!
I just find it interesting they need two translators: Japanese to English, and English to Orangutan.
In Florida. At his estate. Which we have to pay for security, extra help, the use of Air Force One and other military aircraft, etc. And he charges a fee for use of the property. Why can't the PM and his wife meet the King of the World in DC at the People's House?
Just like a Shaw, he has to show off his palace!
Guess hes trying to "intimdate" him by bragging of all the cash hes got from his "great nation" so he can create whatever "alliance" he wants with Abe, but if Abe doesnt lose his job anyways... tRump is gonna make him wish he lost it in any case...
Don't bend down in front of Donny Mrs Abe. Hahahaha

You don't get out much do ya. Bahaha
Welcome....Good friendship forever
Try not to start a trade war. Seriously, don't.
Racist Shithole Trump is all about causing problems, unrest and division in this country and in the world. Thing is that in the long run he won't face the effects or consequences. We will and our children will. Time to put a stop to Trump's destruction.

It already is
The Japanese will ALWAYS be our Friend- just like Israel (from now on).
They should only host foreign leaders at the actual White House, not a private resort where trump's company is billing the US for it all. Why does he do it? Is it mostly for the money or is he trying to hide other "business" as well?
His THIRD First Lady. And definitely NOT my First Lady. She is just a clothes hanger to me.
Lol
At Mar-A-Lago waste of taxpayer money don't eat the chocolate cake
@realDonaldTrump
What's wrong with you
What's wrong with Ivanka being in the photo.  Or is it Tiffany?  They all look like Stormy.


Great to see President Trump and FLOTUS meet their good friends from Japan again.  MAGA
Beep.
Welcome them where?? The White House??
Oh... Maralago... unfortunately, that is NOT a STATE HOUSE. but then again, you are not a Statesman either, so I guess that makes it as screwed up as the rest of your Unpresidency.
Not before Trump does a 2 min commercial about Mar a Dumpo , where Trump claims " All World Leaders request to meet at Mar a Dumpo ", so Trump can bill the tax payers 3 million+ per visit calling it the White`s Only House of the South .
Yea I guess there are no golf courses around the White House. Why not spend millions on a trip to Florida
fuck you and your blessings you damn fraud
Last year's world's most beautiful chocolate cake is being defrosted.
A meeting of corrupt leaders -
THANK YOU
AND GOD BLESS
WE STAND WITH JAPAN !!
Don't you mean third lady
God bless you President Trump & Mrs.Trump & your traveling administration may God bless you in  all your endeavors, &  accomplishments today. May the Lord also keep you safe & protected, let it be so. In Jesus name I pray. AMEN

God Bless you Mr President!
@realDonaldTrump Why r u rocking on that couch? It's a self-soothing technique. Don't blame u Donnie. Comey. Avenatti. Stormy. SC Mueller & NYAG Schneiderman. They're getting close! Obstruction, RICO, conspiracy, money-laundering, racketeering. Indictments dropping soon! Resign!
美日兩個文明大國的友好關係有助於世界和平，在世界上作為民主國家的榜樣，造福人類
THE PEOPLE(ALL) WILL DEFEAT YOU! YOU CAN NEVER WIN WHEN THE PEOPLE STAND STRONG AGAINST YOUR IMMORAL AGENDA!
But not at the White House. At Trumps private resort where he profits personally from a government sponsored state visit!!!!
God Bless those who are working hard with your, Mr President, to drain the swamp and return America to lawfulness!

I notified Japan a year ago about Dr menghle2?????
Get the Golf clubs out Donald
JAPAN HAS CLASS.
SMART TOO.

On our dime in Florida
I hear the chocolate cake is to die for.
Please send my regards
Don't you think
Foreign Dignitaries would like
to be in Washington rather than one of your money scamming properties?
hope they enjoy the Mar-a-lago / winter White House.   Much nicer according to @realDonaldTrump
Enjoy your golf game, shame there wasn't any hotel rooms in DC for the Japanese delegation to stay at.
To their private golf resort, which the taxpayers are now paying for!
No matter how many times you post about the tax scam that Trump and the republicans forced on us you are not you going to get a different response.  The tax break is only for the rich. The White House is acting just like the Russian bots posting this every hour.
Many people report that Trump will take credit for winning WW2 when he meets Abe.
Hey guys, you really need to stop using that photo of the president -- he looks constipated.


夫人
I hope the Pussy-Grabber-In-Chief enjoys yet another weekly golf vacay on our dime while he attempts to further his private business interests at the expense of our nation.
It's nice to have friends like Japan they're hard working people and loyal
I'm sure that Abe would much rather meet @StormyDaniels...
FINALLY!! Someone from the first world decides to visit you! I bet @realDonaldTrump is skipping and hooting naked all over the corridors!
PM Abe must be repulsed by this deviant. Sad 
Resign
VIVA EL PRESIDENTE TRUMP!
Donald Trump should be tweeting about this soon. I hope my fellow snowflakes let it go without snide comments. Let's honor Mrs. Bush by being dignified. She was a good woman.

Former first lady Barbara Bush dies at age 92
Please don’t do anything to embarrass us.
LOOKS LIKE A SET UP ......,
@realDonaldTrump make a deal on the rare Earth elements reported about yesterday! Japan are our friends, not China. #MAGA
I am pondering the amazement of human interaction and the power of change. 75 years ago our 2 nations were locked in World War. We dropped nuclear bombs on Japan, and now our leaders meet, as allies , to make both nations better, safer.... mankind is certainly complex
@realTimGeithner

Mr. PRESIDENT TRUMP, 
YOU DOIING GOOD FOR PEOPLE
AND THE USA!!!
Great deed! Praise the Lord! Amen.
很好，美日友好
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you Mr. President.  Keep up the great work!
Thank you President Trump
Bomb North Korea

Amazing daddy.. doing what any other parent would do when they see the truth https://twitter.com/Charlen62835322/status/986312268093771777 …
God bless you, my President 
Mr. Prime Minister, please do not waste your time with Shithole Trump.  Just hunker down and wait for the impeachment, or heart attack, or his term will be over.
All the best , for both of you’s !!
Cool
Hello,i am Robertson from USA, am a member of the great illuminate brotherhood, Do you wish to join the illuminati and become rich and famous in life ....Money and Fame is not an issue with us ,join us today and kick out your financial problems .Your financial welfare is our aim.
I had a game abe`s exoddus
We have a rigged tax code that has essentially legalized tax dodging for large corporations. It's time to repeal the Trump tax breaks for the wealthy and large corporations and rebuild the disappearing middle class
Gee! I wonder if some crisis will occur over dinner so that all in the Mar-A-Lago Dining room can participate?
Hia-yah Mr. President!

Seriously you have to retweet tweets from the WH. You are s joke.  They are still coming to get you.
That might be a name they both can spell...maybe

Have you procured some Comfort Women for him?
義理と人情を秤にかけりゃ義理が重たい男の世界！
日本の拉致被害者家族は皆さん高齢のため時間の余裕がない！
ぜひトランプ閣下の手腕で北朝鮮にいる日本の拉致被害者の全員解放
の実現をお願いしたい！
日本国民全員のお願いだぜ！

#北朝鮮
How much does each visit to your family owned resprt cost me?
IMPEACH TRUMP
Are they going to have a few strippers there for tonight's entertainment ,,, just wondering ????
Maybe Mr Abe has seen this guy.
Maybe they can watch some porn together. The Japanese males  their porn
.
Time for golf.  FORE!
Wasn’t he just here?  Can you guys maybe stop just hanging out at Mar-a-lago and do some good.
More @POTUS Shitler to embarrass us in front of the world.
Wonderful
Why does it look like they're going to fight?
Which First Lady? @StormyDaniels? @MELANIATRUMP? #grabem
Trump just stop retweeting, stop wasting taxpayers money with all your trips to Florida
Wow, @FLOTUS is still around? @realDonaldTrump will be playing golf!
Coulda sworn the Japanese Prime Minister just said, "I cannot underscore the impotence of Japan working w/ the U.S. on Syria."   Couldn't agree more.
In Florida at the tax payers expense again.
GOLFING!!!!!
Z To

President and First Lady Sean Hannity?
And discuss a new condo complex and golf course in Japan in return for their “loyalty” #crook
I thought Ivanka was out of town traitor trump?
i bet the prime minister is thrilled
Why anyone would want to be associated with this thug of a President is beyond me
Poor Abe. There isn't enough sake in Japan to help him get through being around the orange clown.
I'm embarrassed already.
Please help Venezuela please
Don't take anything out of the mini fridge, we can't afford it
Yeah @realDonaldTrump will f**k this up too......
Uh huh.
#CrookedDonald meets #CrookedAbe.

The in depth dialogue PM Abe will obtain from Trump: "So, have you seen the apprentice Abe?" "Do you like 1 or 2 scoops?" "What's your position on raw dogging adult actresses you just met Abe?" "Abe, those hand are HUGE"


How much is Maralago charging for this meeting? We just want to know how much you're making off of it. There used to be laws against this kind of stuff but, ya know, dictators do what they do.
Its not the summer WH you crook. #ImpeachTrump
This looks like a mortal combat loading screen.

Let this be wrong for once
Maybe they should take a few minutes & get their taxes in order....like the rest of us! #garbage!!!
First Lady? Really? She's still around?

Let's see what king of "deal" #DonnieTrump will make with Japan.
Or, how much he will alienate Mr. Abe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdqdviODEJ8&feature=youtu.be …
stay cool :)
First lady?
Oh God another embarrassment
Count your change Shinzo and don’t leave your wife on her own.
Release your tax returns, #Trump #TaxDay #TrumpTaxReturns
Why does @POTUS always look liked there's a giant stick up his arse on official photos?
Who cares?
Please follow the Japanese  those who are quality conscious and  most sober
Where are Melania's immigration papers?
Hope they enjoy my tax dollars. Looking forward to seeing how much he funneled in profits at mara lago when his tax returns come out in the investigation next year.
What is this graphic? Shouldn’t they have stats?
And they will see the joke you are. #ImpeachTrump #nationalembarassment
@cnni Japan will not be able to have good relationships with neighbouring countries because she hasn't sincerely apologise for war crimes. Why did President Roosevelt said Japanese is not a civilised race? Trump should get Japan to sincerely apologize for war crimes.
Don’t be soooo jealous that Japan having a good relationship with other nations. Even u are barking everyday that Japan is not a civilised nation, look at the fact!! Japan is accepted by the WORLD already.
Trump promoted his resort as president....unnacceptable
At Mar A Lago. Sad. Trumpets that claim they support Trump don't see nor understand the cost of those trips and that Donnie makes money out of It. They only see the greatness in that Trump said no to his POTUS salary, which is change in comparison. SAD!
Why would they even want to visit?
Trump is already taking credit for NK taking part in the Olympics and the dialogue between NK and SK.
Trump 2020
https://www.gearbubble.com/trump2020coffeemug …
So what!!?
Best of luck.

this looks like a joke
This looks like a fight card.
i can feel the radiation already
You know maybe some people in our capital can learn something on honesty and being a good business minded person to make all our lives better.
   
      
Round 1 : Fight!
Don't take him to sushi.
@POTUS @HouseGOP @AynRandPaulRyan @SpeakerRyan @paladine HEY SPANKY WHEN WILL STORMY BE IN THE WH? LMAO
This is a true strategic partnership http://www.cic-wsc.org/LucisTrust%202017%20angl%20%20B.pdf …
wonder what Abe index is. The Pres.  I thi k is a 9, so lets go 100% handicap Abe/ Matsihama vs Trump/DJ. keep it friendly , maybe $100k nassau.... put in on ESPN, there would be a billion viewers
Super Tengo ! Andestend
How embarrassing! I still can’t believe trump the ass slug is representing us

Wonder if the First Ladies talk about trumps affairs and lies ,
Welcome, could you please reconsider your position on Taiji?

We should send some school kids instead! They will show USA in a far better light than Donkey and his cronies.
How much time does an FBI Director actually spend with the President?
#LOCKJIMUP

JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 
Yawn

That narrow eyed mean look is ridiculously funny
Wonderful news can you asked about #Fukushima  hurting #oceanlife ?
This has nothing to do with your topic.Why is it ever time some fool kills a bunch of school children and the cops run for high ground we get more rights taken away om the good guys.That has to stop are we will have no laws to stop us from we will get a no carry letter.Wrong way

Try really hard not to say anything stupid
In Florida
So! Trump will use this time to brag on himself and tell the Japanese leader he should praise him too if he wants anything from him.
Too funny that pic of you Dumpy; trying to look all fierce; the only thing you scare is that bucket of chicken you've just about finished right now and then the early morning rush to the head!
