
.

Ok think of it this way 73rd and what 4 cia agents can't cover all that's involved please contact me (908)-300-9087 Eddie
Are you ready to withdraw troops from Korea and Japan?
You are a great president but I need help with the corrupt legal system that you said you would fix (908)-300-9087 Eddie
I will not be ignored you want president and Murphy wants governor the press will eat this up follow my tweets and then ask why did he do that I've forwarded these tweets to NBC news I'll be dead and you two tell the press why
Mr Trump I've asked for help from you and gov Murphy multiple times and what happens now is all on you both you and Murphy need to answer the requests for help
Amen and Amen in Jesus Mighty name. GLORY.
السلام عليكم ورحمة الله تعلى وبركاته عزيزي ترانب سيدي أعزاكة الله  انا من المغرب عمري 38 عام لدي 2 فتيات توام والحلة ظعيفة بزاف احتاج لي معونة عزيزتي اتمنا لك الخير ينشاالله عزيزتي هدا رقم هاتفي 21279321945 وهدا رقم حسابي البنكي عزيزتي 007720000538800030334031
That's great keep up the good work!
Whatever
Working on making the world a little safer, protecting innocent children, showing the world anything is possible . Thank you for making this world a little safer with each step you take
Thank you sir!
Maybe you should host leaders at the real White House?
G O O D

America's catastrophe because you lost this friend of China.
China is worlds number 1 shithole#maga
Yeah things will happen. You will be impeached, and be sent to Russia for the rest of your stinking life.
Still misusing your office you need to be in jail
Hold tight
Probably nice to meet with someone who grazes in the same corrupt political shit trough you do.

I love both of you.  God bless.
hahahah alright Dotard
don't hold ur breath
expecting nothing but great things from allies trump abe and moon!
#bullshit
What an important conference this was I hope North Korea not only stops testing but stops building nuclear missiles Underground
ترامب جحش
How much did you charge for this?
Military - see this tweet (Congressional Approval) by @realDonaldTrump from August 29th, 2013: What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama need... ... and more #ttweets at here ...
From the "In My Own Words" by @realDonaldTrump, Chapter "Democratic People's Republic of Korea":  "North Korea is reliant on China. China could solve..." Get the book and the #ttweets FREE here ... http://www.ttweets.com/Trump_Tweets/prod/InMyOwnWords.php?open_topic=Democratic%20People's%20Republic%20of%20Korea&source=twitter …
@realDonaldTrump This Tweet (Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth ab...) has been CLASSIFIED: Shinzo Abe, Florida, Military, Japan, Asia, Democratic People's Republic of Korea.  See more #ttweets at ...
"Great meeting" meaning that he paid you a bribe?
Great Trump, i love you
BRING BACK THE WINNER! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
"North Korea, military, and trade." Notice use of Oxford comma.
안녕하세요 트럼프 태통령, Hello President Trump from South Korea
We would like to say on behalf of South Korea patriots that Japan is welcome to fight along with South Koreans along with China and North Korea for peace in Asia Pacific !  GO AMERICA, 미국 파이팅 GO JAPAN !
You even managed to squeeze in some golf! Who could've predicted that?
Why dont you have these meetings in the white house which is the official place for diplomatic meetings? Is it because yiu can chatge US taxpayers for your benefits?
Great meeting with putin, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about my collusion, and Traded Military secrets for my pee pee tapes. Good things will happen with Mueller!
More golf. Lol
Make Anime Great Again
Am I the only one who thinks Trump called him Prime Minister Mario the first time they met?
Wonder how many times he thought "OMG What a freaking MORON Donnie is"!  His little smiles say sooooooooo much!
We trust in your work! Thank you for your service!
Making it Happen Mr. President!

show the homework
Not with u in the White House
Thank you!
ありがとうございます
Have you told him of the consequences to Japan of your new alliance with North Korea?
世界の子供達が幸せになる様お願いします。
goku+luffy=goofy
Deus Abençoe a América e que o Brasil possa viver dias melhores com @jairbolsonaro  na Presidência contamos com seu apoio Presidente 
I will give them the fart of the deal.

"Good things will happen" is an amazingly in-depth assessment of a golfing weekend.
二狗
I’m so glad Abe enjoyed his golf outing with you. There’s no way you talked “in depth” about anything, as you’re too ignorant of such important matters to do so. Good things will happen when you’re impeached!
You know they just laugh at you.  Do you even get that the world knows you lie every day?  You may have a base that doesn't know any better but the rest of the world? They know.
#donnieisadick
REPEAL ARTICLE 9
God makes things happen president Mr Trump sir . Keep up the good work 
So in others words, you guys just played a shit load of Golf..........
Idiot
You’re resigning? That would be a very good thing.
What an incredible man he is. It feels like the only place you’re treated decently is on  stage. Too many bad actors in . I truly pray you are successful getting the abducted Japanese back SAFELY  & SOON to their families!  This must be a priority! Also NK people priority
Donald, I think you are making a great decision for USA and both Korea.    Your maximum pressure on North Korea worked out very well.  Ultimately, like to see a peace treaty between both countries. Plus keep our military presence on korean peninsula for protecting democracy there
Its so great to have a President who makes the claim "Good things will happen" and you believe him just out of Habit .@realDonaldTrump  Its the weekend 2 for all #TrumpSupporters #MAGA

You Lied 
Pray explain, Bullwinkle.

We should gang and go at the thief China. #MAGA
You two have so much in common... Like upcoming trials
https://www.aliexpress.com/item/iScooter-Expandable-Handle-Control-Strut-Stent-Rail-for-6-5-10-Inch-2-Wheels-Electric- …
Self/32799381784.html?spm=2114.10010108.1000015.256.5c4978bcZYT6nK

https://www.aliexpress.com/item/DIY-6-5-Inch-scooter-Hardware-shell-material-2-wheel-hoverboard-self-balancing-6-5- …
inch/32847441198.html?spm=2114.10010108.1000015.62.23805524lp7ErQ

https://www.aliexpress.com/store/product/12-1-2x2-1-4-tire-12-inch-wheel-hub-rim-electric-scooter-folding-electric- …
bicycle/3279017_32844661925.html?spm=2114.12010612.0.0.7a80132b6yECU1
https://www.aliexpress.com/item/Hoverboard-Handle-Bar-adjustable-Hoverboard-Handlebar-Skateboard-Extend-Rod-Pro-Bar-for-6-5-10- …

2/32787696134.html?

spm=2114.10010108.100009.5.5c4978bcZYT6nK&traffic_analysisId=recommend_2037_null_null_null&scm=1007.13482.95643.0&pvid=1152234b-

e427-401d-b56e-2b0dd1a673d8&tpp=1
This man needs jesus
The prime minister is gone so it is time for you to get back to Washington DC and get to work
#AbeResign
We really need to see some good things happen (Billy) ; not just words you speak!
Tweetie, he and America do not trust you to keep your word.  Fact?  You have flipped so many times.
So let me get this straight: DNC Server was "hacked", DNC didnt give Server to FBI, DNC hired Lib Crowdstrike to inspect Server, DNC releases Crowdstrike Russian hack "proof", DNC "loses" Server so the "proof" cant be verified, But yes, it was DEFINITELY Trump, Russia & Wikileaks
Mueller committee is acting like lynch man looking for anything to justify their bullying and corruption. This committee is a disgrace to the America's justice system. How dare they, harass an innocent president, his lawyer, and his Family with no prove of  any criminal activity.
James Comey was fired, Andrew McCade was fire, general counsel on the FBI James Baker demoted and reassigned, Peter Strzok, who ran the Clinton Investigation Deputy head of counter intelligence, demoted and reassigned, Lisa Page FBI counsel, Demoted and reassigned,...>>>
So obviously where is big problems at the top heads of the FBI. "https://twitter.com/TeamCavuto/status/984891316650770437?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw …"
Congressman Jim Jordan to Neil: Obviously there are big problems at the top level of the FBI #Cavuto @Jim_Jordan 
We want to tell you We love you and thank you Mr Presudent TRUMP#MAGA honey wake up the POTUS  tired ok yeah luv ya too..zzzzz
Lol they have money  really  100 % nuclear  then
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/2018302874867859/ …
That explains why you are not going to the former 1st Lady Barbara Bush’s funeral to pay your respects don’t want to be in the same place with Obamas or the Clintons but got time to golf EVERY WEEKEND #weak
Exactly
Yes indeed sir because you are the man with a plan I love you mr president
I hear he didnt address you as President
hey @realDonaldTrump I mean John Barron. Man you really are delusional show those taxes. We will never see those taxes because it will show he has debt with Putin/Russian oligarchs and he's not a billionaire.
Do those good things involve innocent people dying?
Go to N.K. and stay there

Parabéns pela atitude de ajuda multua.
Bet he’s got lots to tell the folks back home. It’s embarrassing.
JAPAN will stay loyal.

Hey, @realDonaldTrump , just a reminder that Prime Minister Abe, and Kim Jong Un, in fact every leader of every country... has seen pictures of your wife naked. So have I. Have a nice day of golf!
Lol, you've been had, as usual!
Good things with you ??? How come?
Mccabe and Comey should  be held to a higher standard as enforcers of the law they choose to break.
Why??? Chump doesn't have high moral standards lol 
Has he paid his bill for staying at a local golf club.
You are a tool.
Good things with Abe? He lied to his parliament and people and white washed his country's history.70 years Japan released names of germ and chemical experiments on live victims.
how much money did you make using Mar-o-lago?  crook!
Japan thinks your a disgrace.
BUILD THE WALL LIAR
Remember WW-II slavory make Japan pay
$$$$$$$$
Hopefully you didn’t make yourself and America look stupid as you have a tendency to do that often
Amazing stamina & leadership you give to our country-so badly needed!
How much money did you make on the trip?  He stayed at Mar-a-Lago? How much was spent on the secret service?  How much panache was added to your resort?  You capitalist pig.
RT News link interview with local Syrians saying no chemical attack and explains how they faked it. Trumps being played.
Wasn’t it a similar strategy that led to Japan attacking Pearl Harbour? #JustSaying
總統閣下，你不覺得，朝鮮能開發自己的操作系統是件天方夜譚的的童話嗎？誰給的技術支持？

Trade? Japan signed up for the TPP you rejected. Now they have trade agreements with 10 other countries the US is left out of.
What things?

If you wont use the white house for this business, resign and let someone else.
How much cash did you make?
The only great thing there was about Obama was how he admitted how great anime and manga is!
What about #Fukushima and the destruction of the #PacificOcean ??? Any plans for that?? ...or shall we just continue to let them poison the planet?? #Tepco #Radiation #StopAllTradeWithJapan

#QAnon 
#GreatAwakening 
#Trump 
#MAGA
Mr. President I think it's time we shake these shackles off . Hold a huge rally , with allies who are on your side . People like #anncoulter, expose the Jewish deep state destroying our country , our people , and our president .  Have faith in GOD .#GOTRUMP
Noticed you used your time to promote Mar a Lago..... I didn't know State Visits were supposed to be money making ventures for the host
The only good thing that will happen is when you're in jail for your lies, collusions. Mueller and Comey are taking you down.
Nothing good will happen with you around!!!
Good luck I think they need help and it will be positive thank you for preventing war PEACE keep tweeting
Yes. In Japan.
#resign #WorstPresidentEver #Disgraceful #liar
VERY DOUBTFUL BECAUSE YOU HAVE NO CREDIBILITY WITH THE INTERNATIONAL LEADERS
What did Abe shoot at this great meeting? We already know you wrote down 74 for yourself before teeing off.
А о том, что бомбу атомную на японцев США бросали, не говорили? Японские школьники не знают сегодня об этом!
Doubt you’ve ever talked to anyone in depth!
I'm watching the documentary on Trump on Netflix! Fantastic! With this innovative and enterprising mind, Trump will solve one of the biggest problems in Asia! Courage to do, something others have not had!
Thank you, President Trump, for all that you do and standing strong.
North Korea, Military and Trade

Are those the names of three countries? Or is Military the title of Kendrick Lamar's forthcoming album? Or . . . ? I'm confused by the capitalization here.
God blesss

Ha he fucking ate you for lunch on trade. Keep on winning you fat fucking piece of shit!!
