#GOD bless our #Nation #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
2 Chronicles 7:14
if My #people who are called by My name will humble themselves, and #pray and seek My #face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from #heaven, and will forgive their #sin and heal their #land.

He believes in God. Who do you think he gets his strength through! Who are you to judge anyway?
You think Trump is a christian. U believe a con artist.
Not mine to question.  He's a great President!  Think what you want, I'll do the same.
Great? Based on what? Facts please. And not FOX news "facts"
I'm not here to prove "anything" to you! Look it up yourself! (wherever that may be!)
As an American, I am so proud of the job our First Lady is doing!
What job is she doing ?
The same as every other First Lady!
While michelle obama made your disgusting, unhealthy highschool crap-food go away and improved the health of millions of children, melania poses for a few pics per tweet. Yeah, sounds like first-lady work to me, not!
Michelle literally ruined school lunches. Pull your head out of the sand and do a little research
Why? Bc she made them healthy? Bc american food is sooo good for you? Please enlighten me
If it tastes like ass the kids aren’t eating it. They then take their lunch $ and fill up on junk food from vending machines. Like I said Michelle Ruined School lunches. & caused those who count on school lunches to get nourishment to go hungry as they aren’t getting it at home
Tough luck, sounds like a bunch of spoiled brats to me. Easy solution: no vending machines (i've never had a SINGLE vending machine in school, never!) and if they don’t like the food, well, i guess they’re gonna be hungry... it’s a educational and parents problem 1/2
Is it really a State dinner if not a single Democrat is invited.  How much money is Trump making on this Dinner.
You bet you're #Demented-LeftAss it is!
You have a nice day too!
#Beautiful #Classy
Finally, I thought we were done for after the Obamas left the White House.
Seriously, how long does it take to look that elegant? Or does she just wake up that way? It's nice having grace in the WH for a change.
She is to this era what Jackie O was to hers. Class. My parents liked JFK, then, but they LOVED Jackie O.
Class? OMG, that's hilarious.

That was pretty low class of you to post that photo. She wasn't our first lady then and we don't know the circumstances she was in at the time. How kind of you to judge. God must be tired and gave HIS job to you. WOW!
I don't have my head in the sand. I do however realize that we make mistakes in our lives. All need forgiveness and we need to forgive if we want to be forgiven. I'm so sorry you can't see that and I feel sorry for you.

http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
You mean the historically bipartisan dinner that you invited zero Democrats to?
Democrats?...oh you mean the hateful liberal obstructionists....uh nope
It’s a slippery slope, wake up the president being set will continue into future administrations GOP, FOX and others will end up on the losing side. Do you really want this? Answer carefully, really think about this
The corruption at the highest levels by the previous administration is beyond disgraceful. Everyone involved in this evil misuse of our legal system will get their punishments.  All of these people should be very afraid because they are all going to jail.  Good always prevails!
That's why we have the Mueller investigation.
Dream on sister...you did hear Rosenstein is looking at other job opportunities..he wants out before the fire gets too hot.  Mueller has never been a concern, how do you know he isn't working for our side to vet out all of the Obama administration corruption?
How do you know he IS?
Gee I don't know...maybe the fact it was published in numerous news outlets.
It looks beautiful!
Did you enjoy #PresidentObama’s company on Saturday? Haven’t seen you smile like that since ... um never. 
You don't have to look very hard to find many pictures of her smiling.
Just not with her husband. I don't blame her.
Yes with her husband. Stop the hate.
It's concern. Show me one picture taken since the inauguration where the two are together and she looks as relaxed and genuinely happy as she does in this photo. I truly have not seen one. She always looks tense and strained.
Beautiful 
You are our national treasure

WH looks gorgeous & elegant as do you .....

ALWAYS 

#KeepAmericaGreat 
  
Keep providing strong positive leadership and putting Children First.

#FirstLady #Melania #ChildrenFirst #StateDinner
You are very beautiful.
She is inside and out a real American treasure. Thanks be to God for raising up the Trumps for this dark hour in our nation’s history. A lot of light is shining on long darkness.
I’m sorry what? Donald Trump IS the darkness and the corrupt evil that is destroying our country right now.
Don’t forget to invite #StormyDaniels and the baby he had with the house keeper !
You defile all that’s good with your inappropriate idiotic comments.
Your team?  These people are paid for by American born taxpayers.
You are a jealous hag. Marovich sounds real American.  Your family come over on the Mayflower. That the first boat to bring settlers in case you were wondering
You have so much class, embracing role as FLOTUS. Keep up the great work and ignore the trolls.
Class??Really. Have you seen her photo shoots 
Yep. Class. Note the spelling for the next time you refer to her.
God Bless You 1st Lady MELANIA
#MAGA 
#AmericaFirst 
#WELOVEMELANIA

@AnnaApp91838450 @FLOTUS @POTUS
We love Milania and our dear President Trump
Yes we do.
It must be humiliating to tend to flower arrangements and silverware when your husband has been fucking everything that walks. In your name. Smiling all the way. Actually laughing at you while pretending he cares. It must make you feel warm and wanted. You don’t act otherwise.
Thank God for our First Lady Melania.
Looks beautiful. Great job
Best #FLOTUS Ever! 

#MAGA
Thank you for being you!
Why are people that don't agree with every single one of your policies excluded from the state dinner?
Would u invite people that mock you to come and eat a fancy meal with you just so you don’t get judged? Because I wouldn’t lol
So disagreeing with policies is mocking?? Those people that disagree with him have supporters that disagree with him too..... and we all pay taxes to fund these state dinners.
Disagreeing alone isn’t mocking, but making fun of someone is
All of us pay taxes for these state dinners. All.....not some.
Except for illegal immigrants
Distraction. And actually all members of DACA do pay taxes. That is one of the requirement to be in the DACA program.
How about before they enter the DACA program
You, Mrs Trump are pure class! We are so lucky to have you as our first lady!  A breath of fresh air and beauty in our White House.  Thank you for all you do!!!
She sure is... I love the lady.
It’s important not to over chill the Burgundy, or make jokes about the French eating anything with a sauce on it.
Chill the Burgundy would be a major diplomatic issue. I agree.
Even more so if the President normally uses a straw.

Very nice! 
Beautiful!! 
hi prostitute
Hi pig
How lovely & elegant everything looks... Just like our @FLOTUS !!

We love you Melania!

God bless you & Barron!
So proud of our President and our
First Lady. A touch of class in our
White House. 
Please invite @ShkhRasheed  for first and last dinner @FLOTUS with @IvankaTrump 
why can't they just have dinner rather than wasting a shit load of money on flowers and other unneeded décor.....but I realize I'm probably in the minority
You do an incredible job as our First Lady.
Very classy FLOTUS. I am most definitely a democrat and a liberal, but this lovely woman conducts herself always with the utmost in dignity and grace no matter what trolls and the unkind members of society and the media (and her husband) throw at her. Nothing but respect from me!
You're awesome Melania...
And our best First Lady!
#MAGA2020 
#FLOTUS
We love you @FLOTUS
I bet POTUS sang this song to FLOTUS the day that pic was taken!
Very Classy 1st lady
Already very proud to have you as First Lady....I'm sure it and you will be amazing.
Well done. Thank you!
I can not wait to see what you'll be wearing!!
Total respect for how you are holding up under difficult situations.
Boring
Beautiful!  Thank you for being such a gracious and caring First Lady.  You make us proud.
Elegantly beautiful flowers. Looks beautifully radiant
Love or hate her, you get to admit she’s got great taste.
you’re flawless in your beauty
Oh wow so pretty.
You are one CLASSY lady! You are loved!!!
So I’m guessing the Democrats got their invites today? Sorry but you can’t call this a state dinner with not one Democrat invited. Not even the leadership. Shame on all of you.
Love the pictures. Please have more too on the day of the event as MSM nevers covers it.
Class, Elegance, Intelligence BEAUTIFUL
Don't forget your visit to the  is overdue! We are looking forward to it. Some idiots declare they are against and speak for all of us!! Incredible! They speak only for themselves!! SO SAD!!
Great job!
Looks beautiful, thank you and God bless.
It’s really a pleasure to have style, grace, and elegance in the White House 
We enjoy seeing these beautiful pictures.    Our FLOTUS is brilliantly adorned with beauty and intelligence.  We are thankful and appreciative of all she does.
Thank you for the wonderful job u n the President are doing so proud to you n the President representing us.
Everything looked Stunning!! Very impressive!!
Wow. Amazing ! Great job @FLOTUS !  I’m a nurse that has went against the odds as well, and I am praying for you and your family. You amaze me with the grace that you rise above the crap of the left. You are #TrueRoyalty
So great! First Lady....keep on playing your role duly. We appreciate it....
I know its been stated before, and by myself also, but the more I look at her grace and beauty in the halls of the Presidents Mansion the more she reminds of similar grace and beauty of Jackie Kennedy. Types like these are rare - like their husbands.
Your grace & savoir faire are remarkable, & appreciated by this American! Thank you for all that you do to help make America great. Your first State Dinner sounds lovely, & I hope that it is very successful!  Bon appetit! (p.s. Team Flotus Rocks!)
i love President and,Malania Trump,God bless the,USA,more grace.
Class Act.  SO proud to have you representing  with such dignity, grace, beauty and style.  We  you!
Fanatasic! Is Stephen Colbert @StephenAtHome attending the dinner, or just help you set it up? 
Will your husbands mistresses be sitting at your table, or will they have their own?
Did you leave plenty of room in the center of the dining area for Michael Cohen to do his little act? Don’t worry, it won’t take him very long. 
Beautiful.  It will be just the best.   So proud of you and President Trump!
Awesomeness love our excellent First Lady
Yet one more time I am so very very proud to call you the First Lady of America. Your style and grace are second to none!
Great.
At #BarbaraBushFuneral you were greeted warmly by Bushes/Obamas/Clintons despite fact they all dislike your husband & you participated in racist birtherism. No flowers, china or rack of spring lamb will make up for lack of class by petty @POTUS not inviting Dems #inners #hardball
Beautiful arrangements.
We Love your attention to detail Your a fantastic FLOTUS and represent the USA perfectly with grace, beauty and dignity Thank you for your sacrifices #KAG
Beautiful THANK YOU FROM NEBRASKA
Our beautiful first Lady
We All Love Our First Lady
meanwhile, the whole world knows your hubby raw-dogged a porn star and got shot down by another one, no matter how much MONEY HE OFFERED HER.

oh plus he lied about not staying overnight in Moscow, and now there's proof.

have a nice day, #birther
Miss Universe host says Trump stayed overnight on 2013 Moscow trip, contradicting what he told Comey http://hill.cm/q3Pw6PH  
U r beautiful and have so much good taste and class. U represent our country well, so proud u r our first lady!
THANK YOU......
Do you refuse to hold Trump's hand b/c a) it's clammy b) it smells funny c) he picks his nose and scratches his nuts d) all
Did that selfish woman cut down every available cherry blossom in DC?
Pruitt did it  for her!
Prune-itt.
 I’m sure it will be classy AF!
very beautiful woman. Thaks for not Micheal Obama up with his penis and Hillary can you imagine her dress like that what she would look like lol. All wrinkle.
 is that English?
Nice
Beautiful!
Thank you Melania...it will be fabulous!
Gorgeous!
Melania is very beautiful! She has a beautiful heart too! I wish I was nicer to ppl...
Great Job!
I know it will be fabulous because you are an elegant and amazing First Lady. It’s so nice to have class back in White House. Thank you, @FLOTUS & @POTUS @realDonaldTrump.

The last people in White House certainly had zero class and no respect for our country or the rule of law.
I hope you'll show us photos of the dinners and guests. The flowers are wonderful.
Such A Beautiful Couple 
#FLOTUS 
#MAGA 
#RedWaveRising2018
#GodBlessAmerica
Loved your white dress and that hat i need one lol and that dinner dress for the state dinner amazing. Finally class and style has returned to the WH.
Superb Melania 
You're an elegant and #FLOTUS and we are lucky to have you 
Great work and attention to detail. You are a fabulous 1st Lady and America is blessed to have you.
@FLOTUS at least the floors will remain clean .....no DEMS to sully the floors like "Andrew Jackson" did with his horses and guest in his day..... Democrats....   Yiks..... Looks wonderful,,,,,,
You do know Andrew Jackson is Trump's favorite president, right? Because he was an outsider. Forget his record, and, as you noted, his behavior. Ugh.
You do understand the actions at which party I am speaking.... The two thing are neither PARALLEL nor likened to each other... As I am only addressing the party for the moment... Other Jackson actions both good & bad are for another history lesson....
How is weather in St. Petersburg?
Please GROW UP.... you are so childish .....if that you are an HR Executive I have both EMPATHY and SYMPATHY for those you DICTATE TO.... as your knowledge is as lacking as your mind is shallow in though and cognition..... M.Ed.
We are all very fortunate to have such a classy First Lady
Absolutely stunning
You belong there, beautiful job.
Looks incredible-  very nice work!
And not one mention from you.  Your dinner is more important?
Everything was beautiful. Your outfits were gorgeous. We are very proud to have you as our first lady.
Thank you Flotus, you make us proud
Thank you for being an incredible First Lady!
The arrangements are beautiful and elegant just like Melania.  #WeLoveMelania
As an American citizen I am appalled that no Democratic congressional leadership was invited. We are more than half of this country and deserve representation #InvompetentDonnie
You did an amazing job and we are SO proud of you! We thank God daily for you and your husband! Thank you so much for bringing class back to your position!
beautiful tables, Carole Levrat 
Did they really ban Dems from the #StateDinner ?
Not a ban...  They just didn't invite any.
Most beautiful FLOTUS in history  stay strong beautiful lady!! 
Melania, we are so proud you are our First Lady!
Isn't she so beautiful, loving & classy?! America, we have been blessed with @RealDonaldTrump & Flotus #MAGA you are both very loved & cherished 
We put our collars up. Good show. Thanks to Melania.
I cannot wait to see what you are wearing!!!  I loved your outfit yesterday, very sharp as usual.  Your BEAUTY inside and out just shines!

Thank you for ALL that you do!

This Country is truly blessed to have a First Lady like you!
It is absolutely gorgeous! Well done.@FLOTUS. We are very  proud of you.
Did you invite some of the hubs pole dancing friends to entertain or did you cover that yourself?
Dont take your clothes off Mel. They've seen it we've all seen it and no one needs to see it again
We couldn’t have had any better first lady but we almost got a lot worse hag bag Clinton as president guess bill woulda been the first man lol
Beautiful choices. Enjoy the night. I may not have the same beliefs your husband has, but this is your night. Don't let him forget it.
Lovely job Melania! Ignore the #Libtards... I do. 
It is hard to have any feelings for her because her personality is FLAT!  Responses and movements seem robotic. She rarely displays any type of emotion unless its the obligatory smile. Her posture is always so stiff as displayed in this image.
I did not vote for your husband, but you have my vote as First Lady.  You represent our country with grace and class.  I’m sure your first State Dinner will be a resounding success.  Best wishes FLOTUS!
Thankful that Melanie brought class, elegance and decorum back to the White House 
Our classy and elegant flotus 
We adore you @FLOTUS Queen
Milady,

Thank you so much for all you must sacrifice for us...we are not unaware of your dedication to the American way of life. Your love for us is apparent by the way you have embraced us as a people. 
We love you Ma'am...You give us Hope! We pray for you and our Great POTUS!
Not an American event if Democrats not invited. So much for reaching across the aisle.
Gorgeous.
How much are we paying for this Republican dinner?
Paris in spring?  Wait‘ ll they see DC!
Washington DC is a very blah US city actually.
It was a joke.
Oh, sorry  That one slipped by me. I wish there were a sarcasm-font 
Thank you, FLOTUS.
First Class First Lady.  Thanks for representing our country with class.
Great
You are the epitome of class, grace, elegance & strength.  So happy & delighted that YOU are our FIRST LADY  Love love love the HAT
Lovely in every way! How fortunate the attendees were to have experienced your first State dinner. I loved watching parts of it on TV. Also, you were absolutely elegant in every outfit! Love your style and gracefulness!
Awesome First Lady!!!
You did a great job.  So elegant.
What a classy First Lady.
What are those flowers??? beautiful!!! #gardening #gardenchat
Elegant, just like you. You have put class back into our White House and we are proud! America once more! 
I know it will be every bit as elegant and lovely as you are.  Can’t wait to see the finished results this evening.
Hi nice madam
Siempre fantástica, imponente y con un impresionante estilo CHIC First Lady Melania Trump 
Our First Lady is amazing, she planned the First State Dinner at the White House on her own, saving the White House money by not hiring any outside advisors, Thank You
Thanks for sharing all the photos of the @WhiteHouse
President Donald J. Trump's ..
Gorgeous First and Only Lady!
     Our Own Magnificent Princess ..
            Soooooooo Proud!!
durn Girl, you are doing a great job representing us-- thanks
Did you enjoy getting to sit next to a classy president for the first time the other day?
Awesome.  So proud of you!!
Your husband is a jerk for excluding the Democrats from what is supposed to be a non-partisan event.
Ur illegitimate hubby #prezusurper is WH squatter-makes u illegitimate 1st lady. Legit 1st lady still is classy Michelle Obama .@TrumanDem
For someone that spent weeks educating herself about the protocol and history of special White House occasions.. she broke Tradition and didn't invite any democrats to the State Dinner.. so thats where any respect for her was lost....
 Springtime in DC with beautiful cherry blossoms, tulips, hyacinths and yet you continue to choose that tacky gaudy gold you’re so known for!
You did an absolutely beautiful job planning and decorating for the State Dinner and you looked stunning to top it off.
Is stormy daniels invited? Haha. Cool family
FLOTUS collar set to: "maximum pop"
You’re such a classy lady
Am so happy that the stupid MSM and the useless democrats didn't attend the state dinner. 
It would have been very boring. 
And....... Don't make a mistake they will try to resist any attempt for happiness.
I wish you a successful and enjoyable first state dinner! Despite this nation's titanic disavowal of your husband's politics, you are our First Lady. We're with you, Melania.
We are blessed by having FLOTUS in the White House
@FLOTUS absolutely flawless, thank you so much for respecting the office, amazing! So proud to be #AmericaFirst #StandStrong #BostonDeplorable 
Thank you Melania! A @FLOTUS with beauty and class! #MAGA
Is that Stephen Colbert?  You FO have a sense of humor!
And of course it wasn’t a Deep State Dinner
Happy to see our lovely FLOTUS in action! And, she is using our DC cherry blossoms!First class First Lady!
Humm j'aimé
Magnificent
               Our Princess ..
              We Love Our Girl 
White flags, that's what makes French leaders feel right at home.
the complete flotus
Whet exactly have you done; besides wear expensive clothes and shoes?
You did a fantastic job FLOTUS.

 @POTUS Make that call you are our world leader & must speak out & support Alfie Evans. https://twitter.com/les_deplorable/status/988798970896896000 …
Plum
                  Class 
Happy Birthday FLOTUS!!!
We praise God for you...Melania....for your grace...wisdom...and love for our country... thank you for ALL that you and Donald do!!! 
Couldn't have been too hard to do since there won't be alot of guest. Ignorant to leave the Democrats and press off the guest list. #FakeFlotus to the #FakePotus aka #AssClownInChief
Happy Birthday
BRAVO.....You deserve ALL  belated accolades coming Your way ~ But.....You are falling out faver with your failure to harness your husband from downgrading women - he’s rude crude & You are not !!
Good Luck  
Jeff
It looks Wonderful!! Thank you 
You are amazing Melania!
I love your integrity as a women and 1st lady of the USA
Oooooo
       Three
              Times 
                    A
                Lady!!!
Such a wonderful gracious woman 
Mission accomplished! Great job.

Yeah, yeah, yeah - but when’s the divorce?
So tickled to have you as our First Lady!!!
Beauty like we have never seen! Simply gorgeous! So Proud of our @FLOTUS !America is so Blessed to have her representing us! #BestFlotusEver
So nice!!!
Are they cherry blossoms?!  That's an awesome idea!!  Very classy!
You did an amazing job Melania!  So elegant and lovely — just like you, down to every last thoughtful detail. Love that it was all done by you and not an events coordinator.  You have impeccable taste!  Way to represent the U.S.!  Well done FLOTUS!  We love you! 
So very proud of our beautiful, poised and elegant FLOTUS.  You make US look good!!
The White House is more beautiful with you and the Donald.                                         Great job @FLOTUS!                    We love you.
Our
           Gorgeous
      First " Lady "!!
Happy BIRTHDAY young lady. God Bless
It was a Republican Dinner, not a State Dinner as ALL Representatives of EVERY State was not invited, just like Hitler not inviting the Jews.
For all you haters out there,  don't lose sleep over this , you were not invited 
Your taste is impeccable, it’s going to be a beautiful night.  
Beautiful and classy too
JESSICA DRAKE & STORMY corroborate stories that underscore SPANKY'S offering them something for a visit to his room. #Metoo#SPANKYPOTUS
