Is there a secret handshake in your ever-growing "Corrupt World Leaders Club?" I realize you can't share what the shake-down is, but you could share that there *is* one.
Netanyahu is a war criminal. No wonder you'd offer him best wishes!
With the way your presidency is going, I would not be surprised if you also commit war crimes on behalf of the American people!
You are totally unfit for office and should immediately RESIGN!
C'mon Shaft we voted for him, he is YOUR President.
And it’s the race card!  What a shock...
Hillary is a criminal. Always has been. Most of us have said that for close to 20 years. Ever wonder why dead bodies pile up around the Clintons?

This is why God is blessing our country.. Allies with Isreal is one the smartest thing a President of United States has done in a long time!!!  A game changer for sure!!
Why do you not move what is called Israel from Palestine to New York and establish to them state there? Palestine is for Palestinians and it their homelands. This will save Israeli’s lives.
Umm because i am nobody in power to do such a thing!!! L.o.L.  If i was i would make sure every nation and religion and people lived in peace without intruders in their own  land!! Everyone ..Everywhere would feel safe !!
Barack Obama was our last great president...
Riiiight he left us $6T in Debt. Are you going to pay that back? He went golfing more than Trump does. His Hawaiian vacations cost us more than any of Trump's getaways so far. More people on welfare when he left office than when he go into office.
Who needs wishes when they get free money?
if it was free, you wouldn't stop us from selling the tech we create to china and india..
Selling good and service is how the free market works. Welfare isn’t included in the free market.
You better Google how much we give Israel for free. And they also have free healthcare and free higher education
READ YOUR BIBLE ON WHAT “‘GOD’” SAYS WE ARE TO DO TOWARDS ISRAEL!
Looking forward to The Big Impeachment
IT’S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!!!!!
Torah says it straight forward Quran says Jerusalem not once. Get your facts straight land was purchased by a group. And turned this desert  into a country that’s been leading technology to different limits all the Palestinians did was kill and cry on the news. #Israel70
He is just like you a crook!
We're not valuable enough to him. Need a few Trump Towers near Circular Quay and a Trump golf course in Canberra before we qualify. Or maybe I should keep quiet. Don't want to give him ideas.
We have no better friend anywhere, what ever happened to that UK and it’s special relationship. Don’t ever forget that the land of the free and it’s early pioneers of America were actually British. (Excluding the Native American Indians who were Chinese)
BUT.....BEHOLD.....MANY MANY MANY MUSLIM’S ARE GETTING BORN AGAIN & RECEIVING “‘JESUS’” AS “‘LORD & SAVIOR’”! GLORY TO THE “‘KING OF KINGS’” & “‘LORD OF LORDS’”!
Cool. Maybe don’t share their intel with the Russians in the Oval Office??
Trump,  you are just a Zionist slave,  I tell you that Palestine will be free despite your unlimited support to the Zionist colonization entity because Allah is with the truth and he is watching and listening.
Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for what's right. 

God bless America. God bless Israel. God bless the unbreakable bond between the two countries!
God bless the innocent, dead children of Palestine in Gaza. Wait, which God is this? The heavily edited Christian one or the one Netanyahu obviously doesn't believe in???
God bless Adolf Hitler who knew.
Today is Israeli Memorial Day, tomorrow is Independence Day.
Justice for Palestine matters  to human beings
Thanks for the map of Israel liberating its ancestral homeland from foreign occupiers. Paint it blue instead of green. Its a nicer color.
Wash your mouth out, it stinks.
Looking forward to the embassy in Jerusalem.
God bless...
BUILD THE WALL LIAR
THANK YOU FOR BEING TRUE TO YOUR PROMISE MR @POTUS SIR! #MAGA2018 #MAGA2020
AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN AM!!!!!
Amen great time in history
No we don’t.
Serbs and Israelis have very similar history, always having to fight for mere survival.
Sorry, we don’t have similar histories. It is a stereotype and the existing parallels are misconceptions.
I thought I blocked you... Hmmmm. Won't happen again.@
   
Promises made, promises kept!
TRUE!
@pbsnewshour @CNN @FoxNews @CBSNews @NBCNews @redicetv @infowars @BBCNews @dwnews @RT_com @DRUDGE_REPORT
Thank you for your kindness!!


TRUMP IS MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Let them deal w/the muslims by themselves do not get pinned down into a middle eastern conflict pushed by deep state, shadow gov, establishment. The real enemy is domestic not international!!!
Hhhhhhhh...very funny
أولى كتاب وانت تبحث بداخلها العلمين هذي ربك ارد شي سنوية عليها هل هي سميت الملكه   
وزوجتي واقوم وقم حفل في مدينة  

/\/\
You do realize Netanyahu is a corrupt politician don't you.  He is the swamp of Israel.  SAD @POTUS
I hope you are not causing another commotion to the people of the world..
¡ Bendigan a Adonay, todas sus huestes, servidores suyos que hacen su voluntad. ¡ Bendigan al Soberano señor Jesucristo, todas sus obras en todos los lugares de su Imperio.!

Thank you, Mr. President. God bless you.
Lakh di lanat tere te, punjabi b hi bolna prta hai agar dil ko sakun dena ho to
Jubilee time for Gods people! May they live in peace 
we Kurds will be your permanent friends in the future
Right?
So glad we are finally moving our embacy! Should have been there from the start.
You have to conquer your oppressed victims first. What good is half a genocide? Finish the job or get off their land.
you should talking about Stormy Daniels matters instead
You should learn how to talk instead.
You are the best president the USA had since Lincoln. Amazing appreciation for its allies and a hand of steal when dealing with our foes.
May g... Bless Donald Trump.
#Ağ_SA_RayDU_N_AN
#POTUSandNatanyahu are criminals and thieves only a criminal cheers another criminal
AND HE SET UPA MUSLIM PRAYER ROOM! HE IS “‘NOT’” CHRISTIAN! SO MANY BLACKS “‘NOW’” SEE & SAY THEY WERE “‘DECEIVED’” BY HIM!
القدس ستبقى عربية اسلامية عاصمة فلسطين الابدية رغما عنك وعن الصهاينة  والعرب المتصهينين

Nice! Show some real leadership mr president and tell Israel to stop shooting at unarmed Palestinians. #BDS
Thankful 4 Israel & 4 them being God's chosen people.God will always protect his chosen & thankful there our close friends & we are blessed by God because we are united & if we ever turn our backs on Israel God will turn his back on us that's where all our blessings come from .
Thank you for sharing the truth.  So many nasty people who dont know God's word is true.
Right? Obama was foreign & gay but trump was our best choice...for soon but very soon..we are going to see our king. :)

Their independence from what exactly?
If you only have one friend left, it is indeed automatically your best...
Praise God!!  God bless you President Trump!
No better friends!
Hate to break the news to you olde Boys, God isn't a JEW, German is more like it.
Miss me yet?


The only thing that will stop terrorism in America is for liberals to vanish. Liberals are Americans enemy.
Republicans are terrorists and should be classified as such! Deport their rich asses along  with the 1%!
You're truly God's anointed, your excellency! Thanks a trillion, sir, for for standing strong with God's number one nation, the mighty Israel! Bravo Mr President! God bless you more abundantly, sir!
“‘GOD’” RICHLY BLESS YOU SIR FOR HAVING EYES TO SEE & EARS TO HEAR WHAT THE “‘SPIRIT’” IS SAYING!!!!!
Right?
Thank you Mazeltov
#القدس_عاصمة_فلسطين_الأبدية 
يا مجموعه من المرتزقه 
يا احفاد الخنازير والقررده
You’re

To think some "woke" idiots thought this idiot will be different...
I hope April 23 National Sovereignty and Children's Day will be celebrated we're still friends right?
It has come to stay
Trump leads others follow
They may criticise ur policies but time will tell truth prevails 
Jerusalem the land of promise
There is no way Dems are this naive & blind. Illegal wiretaps, rigged DNC, fake dossiers, corruption, uranium, Sec of State gains $250 million in net worth while on a public servants salary. No way half our country is ACTUALLY THIS DAMN STUPID! 
Stop crying & start helping
UNITED WE STAND PEOPLE! STOP REBELLING! STOP BACK-BITING! READ YOUR BIBLE! “‘GOD’” INSTRUCTS US TO PRAY FOR ALL THOSE IN AUTHORITY! WAKE UP ALREADY! WE ARE IN THIS TOGETHER!
Hallelujah
 OMG ..........

I wish a Happy 70th Independence to Israel Mr.Trump
CONGRATULATIONS ISRAEL!
comprehending, Knowledgeable.
What about our friends, families and fellow US citizens in Puerto Rico?
USA stands WITH Israel
why this is problem in the medial East.
dog dog nmsl
God bless #Israel70
israili türkler yok eder filistin topraklarını geri alır   OSMANLI İMPARATORLUĞU
Good, I worried will you do it :) Yerushalayim is capital of Israel.
China has finally won the trade war. They still have their tarrif on US products. You barked as a dog to replicate the tarrif on their goods but ran to the hills..
中国国内新闻说进口药要降关税
Amen. Congrads
Thank you, Mr. President. That was the right thing to do and a long time in coming. Happy 70 years to Israel!
It’s about time we honored Israel’s move to their nations capital.
Great job Terrorist state of Israel. Stole land and killing Palestines.
When an advanced country like America can elect a fool as their president then third world countries shouldn't be blamed for choosing a corrupt one
devil
Friends? Zionist Israel ?  http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/fiveisraelis.html …  And remember USS Liberty


Jerrusellam is a muslim capital and will be stay muslim for ever.
Stormy Daniels! Collusion Money Laundering
Wow!  Prove it or shut your pie-hole
Yeah kill more Palestinians you horrible evil people.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ISRAEL!!!! 70 YEARS YOUNG!!! The US stands strong with you...ALWAYS. NO BETTER FRIEND, GOD BLESS ISRAEL
.
But they do business with... but but England... Israel isn’t in the circle of trust...
Sky News reports that there has been a 4000% rise in Russian misinformation (Fake News) and bot lies. Simple solution, just don’t listen to them at any level. Start by closing down RT News and gagging George Galloway endless unwanted drivel.
Hopefully, Mr. President, you know and understand that your base loves and admires you. They get so bashed it is hard to be anything beyond ‘the silent majority’.
How about you be a president and not a twitt-aholic
Mueller should be  fired and  made to pay back OUR tax money he spent and didn't  prove  anything! And now on another  witch hunt against  Trump. ENOUGH.  PAY BACK OUR MONEY!!  And fire his wicked ass!!!
Written by Dan Scavino.
I am so so thankful but recall the Nehemiah battle; it will not be easy...but at least Israel is prepared for the assumed attack to stop them.
If you want your business to fail just open it up near a P.O. They are criminal and have NO rules, No laws, anything goes. I will be happy to share my sad story with anyone willing to listen. Including live tv and I promise you won't  believe what they've done.
PRESIDENT TRUMP THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT TO KNOW WHY YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY IS IN HIDING??
God bless UNITED STATES and God bless ISRAEL. MAGA.
Tinyhand's  tax cuts going to bankrupt U.S. this has never worked in the past and it won't work now but we're going to do this wait-and-see thing... temporary  gains don't pay debt, we can't  pay this money back!
It is also the 75 anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. #PowstanieWGetcie
Your best friend runs an apartheid, terrorist state?
You must be so proud.
The embassy belongs were the others are... Tel Aviv!!
You are bitter
Really?  You're really pissed the Royal Family didn't invite you to the wedding aren't you?
TRUMP MICHAEL COHEN IS GOING TO SING.
When will you open your embassy in Iran?
After we get freedom there ,Of Coarse
HOW STRANGE THAT YOU AS A GERMAN GESTAPO ARE WISHING AN ISRAELI BEST OF LUCK, DAMN HOW TIMES ARE CHANGING.
pig
The thing about this kind of tweet is that it suggests allegiance no matter what. Is this wise?
Terrific!!!!!!!!!!
Live Isreal people happy in peace
Friends don't murder friends, Mr. Trump.
The joy of the LORD is thy strength.
You are not a legitimate president.
You gona have a dark and aggressive picture inte history of Phalistain
I find it very ironic that Liberals can't handle any disagreement without calling people named or giving them labels- maybe they
Should stop being such a n oxymoron to their on name.
Thank you, Mr. President. Peace through strength. Keep up the good work.
embassy moving into Sodom..
Yep, and as long as that heinous dome is there that’s exactly what it is.
Nice!

Satanic #Zionists are #terrorists #murderers - #rapists #pedophiles - the most cowardly criminals on the planet. #WZO supports torture & murder of children & unarmed civilians. #Israel is a blood-thirsty Beast, protected by @UN.

https://twitter.com/Robert_Martin72/status/988292358604144640 …
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/986643179452747776 …

请关注南京强吃钱旺集团事件，注册地在四川，办公在上海，企业法人被南京警方自首，南京警方强制关停了集团旗下公司，还上门强制老百姓报案，拦访截访，殴打上访群众，上央视13诋毁企业，控制舆论，不断删帖删除企业以前的宣传报道。还抓了很多老百姓拍忏悔视频，弄得人心惶惶
Says one corrupt piece of shit to another!
Russia's Acapulco
Das ist eine sehr schlechte Entscheidung !
All they have is 70 years of memories. Cuz where is @IsraeliPM
going to get those reparation payments? No more American (dead) Stock exchange, but wage War (terrorism tax refund$) no sense?!?! Haha! Gotcha broke$.
What did the blonde tweet in response to a “normal” tweet? . . .
Happy birthday Israel
יום הולדת שמח ישראל
Wonderful
“‘GOD’” IS THE “‘ONE’” WHO APPOINT& ANOINTED PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP AS PRESIDENT!
I hope you will consider me for a job (coordinator, timekeeper, whatever).  It has been my dream for many years that this would happen and I want to be a part of it. Should I talk to Rabbi Weiss?
You are creating a massive diplomatic incident with that stupid tweet. #impeach
HORRIBLE DECISION SAME AS THE INVASION OF IRAQ. Now you have your Iraq.
YOU ARE DECEIVED!
This is def gonna get some Palestinians fired up
Thank so much 
Praying for Israel!!!
C'est normal de souhaiter un joyeux anniversaire au 52ème état américain mdr

With ‘friends’ like Netanyahu, who needs enemies?! https://wikispooks.com/wiki/9-11/Israel_did_it …

Well soon you guys will be taught a lesson for all evil you both brought upon this world. Israel will fall! Jerusalem will rise!! I will celebrate then
Keep up the outstanding work, don't listen to the fake news media and loser Democrats and RINO's. " We the people" love you and we thank GOD he sent you to us.
Bibi is going to jail soon. Just like you are
Do you remember Yahoo Serious? I wonder what he does now.


Its not independance when you steal the land of others and kill them ,Israel is a thief and stole the lands from Palestine and should give it all back ,you Israeli had your chance but you denied your prophets and killed him without right.
Looking for a new book to read? You can buy a downloadable PDF version of Racist-In-Chief by Ralph Cohen at Payhip for only $1.50: https://payhip.com/b/PoaO 
That's great Donald J. Trump, continue to do the good things because you deserve to be President till then.
Shalom to the world
You can become pen pals in jail.
It is such a blessing that you are standing with Israel! Every Christian should be happy about this. Although I have serious issues with you, it’s so promising to have a president that is passionate about turning this country back to God. Thank you Jesus!
Amen
ان هو أخطاء كبير جدا منكم

You lost my vote! Israel is evil
Not. So sorry sir. Read up then come back sir, please. 
Thank you
All of Puerto Rico is out of power. How are you planning to fix this?
Without Israel to keep things in check - the whole Mideast would be in chaos
and Iran leaping in to take the deciding role as conqueror by default.
Bibi=corrupt POS like you Clown.
Spoken like true #zioscum
Thank God that the Americans, Prime Minister Netanyahu and Israel found a  President Trump that knew and did the right thing for the People of Israel, Happy 70th Independence Day, and thank you President Trump for doing something that other President’s were afraid to do.
Look at the money you spend! People are living in the street DONALD!!! Flagrant displays of wealth and wast are going out of style.
I didn’t see Israel backing us in Vietnam Nam or any foreign engagement since then like Great Britain or France, I do recall them attacking an American ship once-look up USS LIBERTY-really good friends
Friendly fire is an unfortunate consequence of all war.
