Trump is a joke.
Everything was beautiful and made the American people proud!
As to President Macron’s speech, I personally was offended by it.  Stick to your own thoughts Mr. President!  I trust you!  I pray for you daily.  God bless you!
Can I ask why you were offended by it?
Dirt bag bait and switch on a world stage meant for a celebration. Other words, typical French back stab move.
You can think what you want, but he has the right to be concerned over those things & he used his platform to voice those concerns. Maybe if 45 stopped worrying about Hillary & stupid conspiracy theories, & started worrying about our country & planet, he wouldn't be hated as much
Perhaps if some folks would read what he's been accomplishing and not CNN you may have a different opinion.
I don't watch CNN. I don't usually get my news from TV at all. I read. I look up statistics. I follow former investigators and investigative reporters. Dems and Republicans. Mostly, it's 45's character that has turned me off from the beginning. He's an obvious fraud, and a pig.
Obvious to you... not obvious to me. I’m not denying that he was a bon vivant and a man-about-town in his younger days. Bottom line, will he make this country safer for your children to grow up in? Do you see what is happening in the streets of Europe? Want that for your kids?
Do I think he will? Absolutely not. He only cares about himself. Regardless of all that, I will never get past things he's said and done. For example, using his authority to "inspect" naked 15 yr olds back stage at pageants. And pls don't try & deny it. They were his exact words.
Looks like it was awesome, someday it would be nice to have some regular folks invited to one of those dinners. Think about it for this!
POTUS thank U Sir for giving us the VERY Best FLOTUS, I get tears sir when I look at her I'm so proud to have her represent us TY 
She's a very wonderful person. Pissed me off when I saw that Jimmy Kimmel was making fun or her accent 
That's why I never watch the late night shows anymore rather watch cooking then go to bed pissed off Sammy 
That tolerance doesn't go both ways unfortunately! #MAGA
Nope
@POTUS #QAnon
Dear Lord, give the "Q" crap a rest. Maybe you should ask Donnie about his involvement in sex trafficking. Ya know, since you're so concerned about it.
Has nothing to do with being a liberal, it has to do with having a brain, which apparently you don't. How sad it must be to live with such fear. A life of "alternative facts." You believe whatever you want. I'll stick with the facts.
"Facts" as both you and cnn call them must be verified. Keep watching the tv. Your comments display your intelligence for the whole internet to laugh at! Lol @ you!
All of your lies already led to a man bringing a weapon and shooting at a family establishment. What happens when another crazy believes you but this time he kills innocent kids and their family? Are you willing to accept some responsibility for that? Can you live with that? SAD!
Proverbs 16:3
Commit your #works to the #Lord, And your #thoughts will be established.
Loser.
And your wife wouldn't even hold your hand.

Well you must have have forgotten Obamas round table of unelected Tsars who were running the country


Yup both FAKE
#MelaniaTrump HAPPY BIRTHDAY FLOTUS
Malania is by far the most beautiful and the most gracious first lady of our time.
@POTUS #QAnon
As citizens we do know that France is a very special partner in our countries relationship with each other.
Thank you Mr. President for your hosting the State Dinner for France.
So proud of this State Visit.  What a lovely and elegant affair.  Thanks to President and First Lady Trump !!
Prior to election I told everyone President Trump will go down in history as the greatest President ever. I honestly thank God for my President ! Please pray for him and his family daily he's human and some of these lies and daily assaults hurts.
Everyone was beautiful and the event was perfect. Please Mr President don’t invite him back. He seemed to dishonor our way of life and our One Nation Under God. He is a globalist and seems to find Nationists need changed !  Like us as we are or go home America is great again !
America won't be around long enough for future generations to enjoy what we're DESTROYING because of climate change. Apparently you haven't experienced any of the problems with global warming.
MAGA
 I get it. Sarcasm.
What a tremendous celebration for the President of France and his wife by Flotus and POTUS. The many gracious talents of Melania were on view at the fabulous State Dinner. And she saved money for the country by taking on the duties of many paid people and she did a fantastic job!

THIS IS WHAT THIS LOON HEAD OF A PRESIDENT STATE ABOUT HIS WIFE’S BIRTHDAY......“Maybe I didn’t get her much,” Trump admitted nervously, when Kilmeade asked. “I got her a beautiful card. You know, I’m very busy.” HE’s DUMB, JUST PLAIN DUMB...CONCERNED ONLY WITH HIMSELF!

No thank you. The democrats wasn’t welcome so why bother looking at photos. Trump... 

Macron mostly enjoyed his Congress beat down of Trumpism and the American First garbage.  Trump probably didn’t understand.
Went over the GOPs heads.
You can have all the illigal Invaders from France as well. Raping their way across Europe.
Wonderful job done by all.....well except by the press
You left out the picture where @realDonaldTrump tried to hold Melania's hand and she refused. Best pic ever!
What a great remarcable event! Congratulations ! The White House Staff, Mr. President Trump @realDonaldTrump and 1st Lady @FLOTUS , welcomed President Macron and his 1st Lady, with perfection within the Protocol
While the country goes down the toilet thanks to http://SPANKY.you  people never acknowledge that he lies constantly.why is that?
But the new work is being created, is not it considered an improvement?
New work is great of course,but can you support a man that lies constantly to embellish himself or what is happening.
Imagine yourself as US President today! everything you do, being the subject of media coverage. Leaving your life in favor of the Mission. It, could, awaken certain vanity. Here is not the case, @Potus knows power since long before. I don't know about lies and if lie is the word
Lie is the word,bullshit is another word and his lies are so transparent and you people ignore them and excuse them .think about it,is it really a conspiracy of a huge magnitude against him?like the illegal voters.statistically impossible,a farce.
The presidency is a position whose occupant, whoever it may be, can not please everyone.  But on the other hand, looking to the economy, is in the third week of good performance after the tax cut package, thanks of President Trump...
A Beautiful Day on Cape Ann o this is Spring
We of this United States are proud of our FLPOTUS, and the way she polished our White House quth her assistant friends. She did not waste my tax dollars with 35 over paid over dramatic workers.  GREAT JOB 1st LADY

President Trump and First Lady Melania are gracious, welcoming hosts to President Macron and Mrs. Macron. The White House looks so very beautiful and patriotic with all of the banners, flags, and colors.



I like that our first lady makes other first ladies look like hell.
You made us very proud @Potus and @Flotus .  God Bless America . NO on the #IranNuclearDeal NO on #FakeClimateChange NO #ParisAgreement .  @EmmanuelMacron is wrong . With all due respect ... #AmericaFirst 
You're the reason they put directions on shampoo bottles
America is so proud to have Donald J.Trump as our leader! Our First Lady is awesome too!
I’m curious to see if kid Macron goes back to France and takes to heart all your knowledge, wisdom and accomplishments here in the USA...France is in dire straits with Socislist radical Muslims taking over their country...he better wake up fast, before it’s too late...
"I am a lawyer, and I am an informant," said Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian lawyer who met with Trump campaign officials in Trump Tower. "Since 2013, I have been actively communicating with the office of the Russian prosecutor general." https://nyti.ms/2I3jhfA  #MuellerComing

“When the aging gorilla is confronted with the much more virile, new alpha-male, he shows submissiveness by grooming the alpha-male, but the gesture is actually a vain attempt by the old gorilla to humiliate his much…

President Trump and his WHOLE family and VICE President Pence and his WHOLE family have made our Nation GREAT again
And Melanie STILL didn’t want to hold your hand. Do you have sweaty palms?
Why do you think they gave you a tree?  Oh. You shoveled it to the side. He also made fun of you in his address.
The French love a good joke. Via La 
Mr. President, pls. listen to this video and please release all of this info re: Iran issue/deal. The public must know.
@potus how did they retouch photos to lighten the serious shade #macron threw at trump in congress? sad!

#BlueWave #BlueWaveComing #BlueWave2018
This photo looks great
Pseudo-Royalist pomp & circumstance: wait 'til we have a de jure Royalist-in-Chief!!!
10 investigation on Pruitt #Sad
Happy Birthday @FLOTUS . Enjoy your day
You have the libs going wild over the pomp and circumstance they weren’t invited to. 
Great job White House.
Macron schools  ‘‘Some people think that securing current industries and their jobs is more urgent than transforming our economies to meet the challenge of global change,’’
Macron threw shade at POtuS, and it was GLORIOUS
I am proud to be an American
Mrs.pussygrabber
Who is the son of man? He is the twelfth Imam of the Muslims. Research
Oh may gadi love love 
If they it were most anyone else but @realDonaldTrump in that picture it would be perfect! #Treason #Traitor #Deplorable #SwampMonster #MAAA
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=159572508072466&id=100020591523247 …
Actually that’s the third lady.
And perhaps you should share highlights of his stellar speech 
Still no response from Trump on shooting in Tennessee and the HERO that saved lives!  Shame on you!
Melania @FLOTUS looked amazing in the white outfit!
God bless America  and God bless you and your family. Thank you. Keep up the good work 
Yes ind fristy manioko ind majela cabiner raisok
Ok and limity you dedy.
Yes that s great
Do not Trust Macron France
He is Socialist Progressive
He is bidding for massive number of Muslims occupying his Nation.
Macron is of European Union
Not
SOVERIGN France.
Do not DEAL WITH DECEPTION
Don't be fooled by his charm.
God's Peace POTUS and heed the EUS ,warnings to the world!
hi I am iranian twitt for  whitehouse
He welcome
The EU s burning and the surrounding country's of  this travesty is finally closing there borders. They now know that they  have let in a TROJAN HORSE and the war on there cultures survival has begun .
Macron and Trudeau ...2 left wing looneys  still following Germany's "Mad Merkel " unvetted and illegal refugee status without the regard, of there own citizens safety. While the rest of the EU and Italy are finally following there own nations instincts. It's called NO THANKS!
And #NEVERFORGET
Israel isis
Who represented the USA? We need a president not that fake couple posing to be.

China is about to announce that if the United States continues to impose sanctions on ZTE, it will list Iran as a full-fledged partner and fully support Iran’s economic and people’s livelihood development.
And everyone laughed when he gave him the business
You left out this photo
Karen says sorry she couldn't make it
More Winning!!!
How do you put up with that French creep Donald ?
Wow.  Melania planned a dinner party all by herself.   The entire Whitehouse was later off.  Not bad for an illegal immigrant.
Hey White House that’s what a real president looks like
I like that Trump retweets stuff from the @WhiteHouse It's like he's unsure if the news of what he's doing is being broadcast.

American Gothic?
uzsorasfasiszta zsidokomuves rablohordai http://xn--tallkozo-bza.aztalálkozo.az  usa népe a hadsereggel karöltve remélem minnél hamarább fellázadt a mocskos lopott kamatos dollarosok ellen.hajra amerika népe otthon.haza a hadsereget
#EmmanuelMacron #Macron
We are supplier of best Skincare products.for more information about our products,be free to visit our http://websiteprestigefillers.com 
Wow gouges
And it's too bad our president and our first lady did not care about the people like the France president who cares about people and how democracy is run
American’s withdraws from the JCPOA contract , is a spark to illuminate a hell , that people and the military forces of Iran will make it for you ,Even at the expense of their own burning They will not go under the coffin and will burn the entire Middle East .Our solders for god!
川普總統：加油！支持！讚美，陳振生，台灣，高雄市。
And Donald behaved like a Kindergartner. Too bad Melania had to hide her face after a blowout with Donald. It was just so obvious.
CNN had nothing so they used out of context photos to cover an awkward handshake to try and create an anti Trump story. Is this what CNN is?
Don't let Europe sucker us into any deals as OBAMA did.
Respect my president
We gonna monitor what you will do /deal with this Maccaroni!

Dear Mr President
Please take a moment to stand for Alfie Evans who is being publicly euthanised by British government.
Please stand for this little boy. You would do that for your own children-we know you would. Alfie counts on you
#Dolt may have hosted, poor @FLOTUS looked like she was there under duress! And I don't blame her! I couldn't bear to be anywhere near that arrogant, petulant little child either. @realDonaldTrump #DoltTrump

Great president Trump
Making America great again
8ttydyyuifhhf
BREAKING NEWS: WSJ leaked documents from Walter Reed Hospital shows @POTUS weight is 289 lbs,BP 154/91,cholesterol is 237 Now you know the real story why a drunken Admiral was offered the helm of the 2nd largest government agency. 239 lbs
It’s been over a year. Doesn’t anyone like you and want to visit?
@flotus you look amazing! Very  classy and elegant. Thank you for making America classy again. Bravo.
We should  and must show respect to the state guests.Thanks.
And PROUD we are!!!!
Mr. President, please persuade UK to allow the parents of Alfie Evans to seek medical care for him elsewhere. Italy has offered to care for this child. Please help him!

@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
Mr. President, please persuade UK to allow the parents of Alfie Evans to seek medical care for him elsewhere. Italy has offered to care for this child. Let them. Please! If the UK doctors won't treat him, let someone else…
Thanks for the R/T
انت اسواء شخص
Donald Trump, September 2016:

‘Only guilty people plead the fifth’

Michael Cohen, April 2018:

‘I’m asserting my rights under the fifth amendment’

Case closed
Heil FRUMPLER

Great job
Trump lied about his weight...duh! “WSJ leaked documents from Walter Reed Hospital shows trump weight is 289lbs,BP 154/91,cholesterol is 237 Now you know the real story why a drunken Admiral was offered the helm of the 2nd largest government agency.

Since you are such good buddies with him as you proclaimed he said that the United States would be back in the Paris Accord. I'm looking forward to you fixing that mistake of leaving.
president barack obama has signed an amendment to an executive order that would allow him to order the apprehension and detention of americans who merely show signs of “respiratory illness ”
any lesbianesque black and white photos of you know who? #whatalady
BOY ! ! KINDA MAKES U THINK HITLER=TRUMP PICKING TICKS OFF HIS BOYFREAND SUIT KINDA MAKES U THINK ! !

Can we start a hat thing?  What a flattering look.
Must have been a great time without the Democrats included.


Now get us affordable healthcare please
Ain’t gonna happen . Making America great again. Yea right in 54 yrs I never seen so much chaos that doesn’t even involve America nothing but a sex life and losing 50 people is in administration. I hope i survive 2 /12 years . . He will be gone before that z
12-12-12
12-12-12

get a hat a represent the US. ? How sad..just to think that he likes the " golden showers " better...
Just cause you do??
He also endorsed Kanye West. Is this what America is about now.
So how did you get trumps mouth off his junk.  So many pictures with no valid explanation
@USCongress @USSenate 
Support #USCitizens #AmericansFirst @POTUS 
H1B & H4 visas Import cheap foreign workers from India
Causing Americans 2 lose their career's No #H1B No #H4EAD 
No #HR392 No #ISquared #NoH1B #NoH4EAD #NoHR392 #revokeH4EAD
#MAGA  #USCitizens1st #DeportThemAll
Macron killed Trump in that speech. 100% pwnd.
Trump stop trying to hold the First lady's hand.Your finished orange.She is done with you.
I truly feel sorry for your cult following. Kimmel has the cast of the new Marvel show on all week. And they ALL abhor you. That's a damn shame. 
That's why Your a dying breed.
One question, your highness. If you are as innocent as you proclaim, why so many lawyers? I do NOT recall that Kenyan having such a 'legal' team. #MAGA
When you are being drug through the courts erroneously for every stupid thing the left can think of you have to have a ton of lawyers to do battle for you. Would you just sit there & try to defend stupidity while you had a country to run? #MAGA
Suggestion for the lump of toxic waste.
We got it

Historic and beautiful event!
Macrons new love interest.
Current & former colleagues of Navy Rear Adm. #RonnyJackson have told Senate investigators that Randy Ronny repeatedly drank on duty, has an “explosive” temper & garnered the nickname #CandyMan among WH staff because of his prolific prescription practices.
#DrRonny
SAD
#TimesUp
MSM sure looks stupid these days ... not covering important news and  events like this just confirm their blatant bias for All to see ... how sad
Great, hope you actually listened to what Macron had to say.  Except, due to Trump Admin, hope is dead.  Then how about your boy Mulvany and how proud he is that he wants people to pay to play.  You promised to change that - but we know you are a LIAR!


Love how FLOTUS refused to take his hand.
You better look again he and she were holding hands. Rumors are just idol
Trump is a embarrassment to America
Hey buddy
No thanks! What I have seen has made me want to barf!
Very impressive welcome for French President And his wife.
Macron doesn't have children so what does he mean when he says 'our children and grandchildren'. He is a slimy globalist. His whole speech, not that I listened to all of it, just sounds like a democratic/westminster bastard that promotes open borders.
What a joke. You hosted the Japanese Prime Minister at a swanky museum mansion. All ego by special invitation only. @POTUS
Hey, Donald! Russian missiles fly to you, smart and modern.Take them
Macron played you well, you oblivious lump of useless . #MuellerTime #PrezPeeBrain
My thought too
@FLOTUS INVEST IN THE AMERICAN WOMEN WE ARE ALL EXCEPTIONAL AND DESERVE RESPECT LOVE AND APPRECIATION NEED TO START WITH POTUS ENOUGH WITH THE BIMBOS
"Let us work together in order to make our planet great again & create new jobs & new opportunities while safeguarding our Earth," Macron said. "I am sure one day the US will come back & join the Paris agreement...there is no planet B."  

This is what Presidental looks like.
Yeah, well, Macron go back home!!!!  Let the door hit you in the ASS as you leave!!!!!!!
No good Macron franch socialista he want contrat with irán be carefull Donald Trump
Salute!
He is good king so higheness:

Dear Mr President  @POTUS 
Please do not sign Act No. 447
Greetings from Poland  

…
Mr President Donald Trump, please don't sign the racist and divisive act S.447, which could victimize Poland, the biggest victim of WWII even more.
Wonderful!!!
I messaged the French president an many other presidents in other countries!
What the hell with the funny hat...
@realDonaldTrump It was nice to finally have a president speak in clear, concise English.  Unfortunately it was not the bigoted flunkee who tweeted about Kanye West & hasn't acknowledged the Waffle House murders because of his immature labeling of others who are smarter than he.
Yay, now we can all be embarrassed. Trump literally makes other countries laugh at us.
No the Americans are we are so respectful with each other plus why do you want a country without laws
Mrs Macron of cours no is truly with Donald Trump trik trac for the contrat of IRAN

#فيديو 
لى
هكذا كانت تعاملت عصابات #الأسد مع المتظاهرين السلميين في #سوريا في بداية الثورة قبل ظهور داعش
منتهى الحقد والوحشية
long before #ISIS gangs appeared in #Syria Assad gangs were mutilating peaceful protesters
@RevolutionSyria
HOW much did your silly  little parade  cost WE THE PEOPLE
An incredible image.  Donald Trump "Making America Great Again".  Proud to have Donald & Melania represent our great country.
What is this? Our tax money at work? Take Macaroon and his grandma-wife to White Castle and buy em a bag of sliders!
So nice to see what a REAL president looks like and sounds like (speaking of Macron)! You ('45) disgrace America every moment of every day of every week!
