

@BrennaSpencer I made this bead art beanie design in your beautiful likeness!! I’d love to make you a beanie with it! Please retweet if see it & let me know the color you want. @ARmastrangelo @antonia_okafor if you…
Friend?! Mon dieu! Merde-head.
#FakeTweet

‘James Comey is the poster boy for SANCTIMONIOUS, moral hypocrisy. ... Before you try to take the SPECK out of SOMEBODY ELSE’s eye you oughta remove the BOARD that’s sticking out of YOUR OWN eye. That’s…
#MAGA
jingoist. you admitted that "control" in foreign sovereign territory was your agenda. you're under the thumb of the #MilitaryIndustrialComplex who wreak havoc & devastation around the globe. i thought you were going to #DrainTheSwamp. #ClintonFoundation #PizzaGate #PedoGate
Idiot
#HappyBirthdaySachin 
Dear brother, make your life successful by worshipping true God who is providing true spiritual knowledge about all our holy books and God.
We all says God is one but who is he..?
To know Watch Sadhna tv at 7:30 p.m. daily
Did he have dandruff on his jacket today?
He is not your friend. He thinks you’re a loser.
Bored? Why not get some work done? #FirePruitt
Great job President Trump
AMERICANS ARE WOKE!

#Comey #MAGA #KAG2020 #KAG #1A #CandaceOwens #KanyeWest #TRUMP #Trump2020 #QAnon #GreatAwakening #NRA #2A #2ADefenders #TPP #Macron #WWIII #BLM #TuesdayThoughts bb #BlackLivesMatter #BlackWomen #ParisAgreement
#Iran #Toronto bb
Isaiah 41:10
Fear not, for I am with you; Be not dismayed, for I am your #God. I will strengthen you, Yes, I will #help you, I will uphold you with My righteous right hand.’
#GOD is with us #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD protect our #Nation #BibleOurGuide  #OneNationUnderGOD
god isnt real.
Girls and boys need courage to withstand the pressure of the moment. They have to realise they can say NO without losing face. There are many reasons why you may feel unsure or uncomfortable about sex......
#MAGA
Next time we have a visiting head of state could we get someone else to read 45’s remarks on camera.  I am embarrassed by the “Run Dick, Run!” Reading level of this imbecile.
BEST PRESIDENT EVER
Worst president ever
HILLBOTS disguising as Canadians
PATHETIC
You’re probably a foreigner too
A russian
But...you retweeted an account from UK. Their vote doesn't count. You obviously think others  points of view,even from a different country, should be valued.

Anyone can get behind a cause, regardless of country of origin.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders: Democrats have to decide if they love the U.S. more than they hate Trump.

Actually, Democrats already know that they love the U.S. so much that…
The bigger the penis, the better the man. This is, of course, nonsense and is based on emotional responses rather than on a hard fact. It compares with judging a woman by the size of her breasts and is just as senseless. There is no...
pourquoi ne pas dire "TERRORISME BLANC RADICAL"?
pourquoi ne pas louer le héros James Shaw Jr?

#TrumpIsRacistAF

WATCH: Melania awkwardly tries to avoid letting Trump hold her hand at White House ceremony https://www.rawstory.com/2018/04/watch-melania-awkwardly-tries-avoid-letting-trump-hold-hand-white-house-ceremony/#.Wt9ojOi7q9w.twitter …

GO PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!
Release your tax returns.
You shake hands like a serial groper.  Oh wait, you are a serial groper.

Continue to make us proud, Mr. President!!! #MAGA 

#FranceStateArrival 
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
He is not your friend.
Can you do something with your short penis ??
Know here 

Macron does NOT like holding hands with you and being dragged along, having dandruff brushed off his shoulder, listening to you read about French history....this is not how to make a friend, Donald!
great
Wall Street Journal struggles to deal as Republican #TaxScam fails to make the economy soar
Since Reagan there has never been reason to believe the @GOP understands anything about economics.  Trump helps them add ignorance of foreign trade to their qualifications.  If things don't turn around in the fall the 1930s are going to look good by comparison.
Thank God someone else who gets it. When Reaganomics took over the working class lost. B4 Reagan GOP had decent ideas. Now it's money 4 rich
"Friend", right.
Yeah that’s NOT what he said about YOU!
You're doing great with Macron! Melania is looking FIERCE with that outfit! What a GREAT first family we have!
This is how you do a state visit for a foreign leader!!
Mr. Trump, ask Macron about this child named Alfie Evans. He is being held by the UK & refused treatment to save his life despite having Italian citizenship & the Pope wanting him to go to a hospital in Rome. The UK will arrest the parents if they take him. PLEASE, HELP!
You really need to educate yourself, it’s a pity your not bright enough
If you don’t have anything nice to say, just don’t say anything.
He is not your friend. You have no friends!
Literally everyone hates him or is using him for their own gains
Yes! Macron is playing the game and Angela is sitting in Germany laughing.

He wants US back in the Paris Climate Accord. You are destroying OUR planet! #ClimateChangeIsReal #FirePruitt #EPASupposedToProtectThePlanet #GOPCrooksAndThieves
@realDonaldTrump STAND STRONG on STAYING OUT OF THAT HOAX OF A PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD @EmmanuelMacron wants our money!! Just SAY NO! GOD CONTROLS the CLIMATE.....it’s called WEATHER! Silent MAJORITY and SUPPORT U @POTUS! WE R FIGHTING 4 YOU TO #MAGA #AmericaFIRST #WALL

I don't think Donald Trump drives a monster truck
This is what it really looked like.
Quite a bromance
Biggest loser on the planet
Will you actually answer questions from our press??
Of course not
You’re right. Not even sure why I would have asked.
Cause you wanted likes
You’re right. I should be arrested right now by the Twitter police.
Thanks for those two standout visual moments today - Grooming Macron and the Search for Melania’s hand
- will he hold your hand since Melania won't?

Have you ever once defended any of the women Trump has body-shamed over many decades?

Why @realDonaldTrump’s Vicious Body-Shaming Of Women Matters
LOL. You nominate Dr. Jackson to head up Veteran Affairs ... BUT YOU DID NOT THINK IT THROUGH, NOW DID YOU.

Now? You blame Democrats. OF COURSE. You ALWAYS HAVE SOMEONE ELSE. This was a ridiculous choice that you made & now it is the Dem's fault?

BLAME GAME POTUS***
The cultist that believe him. I wonder if they have kids that tell them everybody is lying eccept me.
Except
Knew you'd catch it. :)
Can't give them fuel


Don't let him get French dandruff on you.
You’re probably asking “how great are the hookers in France?” or “How many McDonalds are in France?”

ሙሞ።  ክ ኢኣኣኡን9ኡኑ9ኡን
i think you know me by now or at least your government and other world leaders
President Trump, please please get out of Europe commitments to give lran a break. As long as they are in power, all Middle East is unstable. Iran is the cause of all chaos in the area. As you better than me know, they are supporting syria, Yaman, and any other ill-minded regim.
you look like a bag of dog food


I love having you as my president...I hope you make another four.
Please give @EmmanuelMacron our apology and tell him tomato juice will neutralize the Trump stench
THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK MR. PRESIDENT! KEEP DOING A GREAT JOB!!! #MAGA 
Yes thank you for the interruption to your permanent vacation for a little work Mr. President

No you’re not. You’re in the midst of tweeting.
How much are you paying him?

I thought Putin was your friend?
Left to right:
-Annoyed
-Trapped
-Bemused
-Literally worried about a comprising tape involving urine
Aarmchair psychology from someone who isn't a psychologist. 

I bet you're proud os that tweet, huh?
I find it highly unlikely that Macron thinks of you as a friend. Listening to you prattle on he surely realizes how clueless you really are. #MoronInChief
This guy is so needy, everyone has to be his “friend.” You know Macron is cringing on the inside! 

The man supposedly has billions, and he can't afford a suit with a decent cut.
 
I guess we can be glad it's not open with a red tie hanging over his belt.
Now that's class!

His inauguration, prob. the most important day of his life- does he use a tie tack?
Nope, Scotch Tape.
You must Not be from America this isn't a fashion show its History .
Wealthy man on his most important day,a windy rainy day, uses tape instead of a tie tack?
Come on.The tweet above was they were classy.That is not class.

But you're right, it's not a fashion show.
Of course I recall Obama being attacked on FOX for a suit,Michelle for no sleeves.

But YOU are not Macron's friend.
By the way: Macron wears much better suits than you. And he also is the better President.
Go live in France then you communist
#WaffleHouse 

Four POC murdered by a a white Trump-loving teen terrorist.

The attacker was tackled by a black man - a HERO who prevented further carnage.

Trump tweets what's on his mind.

THIS incident has NOT been on his mind.
Why does race have to be brought into this? Heroes come in all colors, shapes and sizes. What happened was tragic and I hope the shooter gets what he deserves. I'd rather Trump not comment than race bait like Obama did.
I'm sorry friend,  Obama didn't "race bait"

I understand he brought up the painful history of racism in this country, the positive effects for one segment of our population at the expense of another. 

Acknowledging the fucked up history and talking about it is uncomfortable
White people are becoming the receiving end of racism that’s the problem
I respect how you feel, unfortunately I'm struggling because there isn't any factual basis.

Assuming you're white, I understand the feeling, you're very aware of your race now because you won't be in the majority in the future. 

Minorities are always aware of their race. 
I’m not white.
Ini baru , saya senang demgan Anda membicarakan dagang Amin
Please don’t walk out holding his hand when you make the press conference
He had to hold his hand Melania wouldn't

You have no friends! Most hated man in th me world! 
It’s a shame she didn’t want to be touched by you.
You are a tool.

We only want peace in the world
Reading thru all the replies, must be hard to go thru life with so much hate. If your words were as positive as they are negative, you might actually make the world a better place.
FLOTUS Melania Trump looked so beautiful & her stance of Grace & Joy was abundantly clear! I so adore your entire family! Oh yes, our POTUS TRUMP looked marvelously handsome!
.....and acted like a buffoon.
Did he tell you he was your friend?....I doubt it...
Good for u  mr president
Lol too bad Macron thinks and has informed Congress that your policies and beliefs are complete shit.
Mr. President, RESIST NOT BE FOOLED by the european union on the nuclear agreement  whit Iran !! US OUT of the agreement !

Wow you have 1 friend . How many times are you going to tweet that. #YOUARENOTFIT
Clearly the wife of the President of France is jealous! 
How’s come your son Barron is so stupid?
Hello, Hope you have a great day today....
And when you omit Democrats from your expensive State Dinner, you leave out the other half of the United States that they represent. You act like a child, & Macron goes on FOX News. This whole thing is ridiculous.
Solidly with you my President,America deserves d best.#maga
Awesome

Please listen to Marcon. Iran is living up 2 the current agreement and will take 10 years before nuclear weapons development COULD be back. If broken, they can restart the next day. So 10 years as it stands. ZERO YEARS if U break it. USA word & N.Korea? Means nothing as well?
Macron is a smart guy who knows Trump's weaknesses.
#Great!
Oh Donald. You don’t have any friends
Trump said Tuesday he'd understand if W.H. physician Ronny Jackson bowed out, reports the AP. “If I were him … I wouldn’t do it,” Trump said during a press conference. “What does he need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians?” Trump picked him because of his good looks.
Are you discussing your tax scam& tariffs that are destroying worldwide & US economy? Are you talking about sanctions they & the UK invoked against Russia  while you had your flunkie sneak behind our backs & remove RUSSIAN sanctions. You're the laughing stock of the world!
Nope - they're discussing dandruff. Trump isn't interested in what other leaders have to say.
Jealousy

Here's your friend, well you think so anyway..
#PutinsPuppet
Why are you tweeting in the middle of the meetings ? Was it that boring ?
America is becoming great as you promised the World .
czerwony dom i żydowskich pizd różowych z wyw prl
Leave his body alone. You are such an embarrassment.
Bon travail Monsieur le Président Américaine , Donald Trump , et Monsieur le Président Fr,Emmanuel Macron.
Je vous Félicite beaucoup,pour le travail de la Paix que vous êtes entrains de faire,pour évolution de la Paix à tout le Monde, vraiment je suis contant de vous.
 786 That picture is wrong #1 for best USA Leadership a Blk man must be in that seat as the Wht man can do nothing but lead USA to destruction. #2 As Obama illustrated any Blk man wont do, he must b the 1=me  appointed by G*D. Put USA on the right path 2020
Yes you embarrass him in public such a good friend you are! Seriously stop...you have no clue about how to do this job! Clueless in the WH
Nothing will happen with Iran they are US friend
Thank you President Trump for all you do. @FLOTUS did us all proud.
You should probably go ahead and marry him, ya fruit cake
Ask him what the French Hookers are like!  #pornstarpayment
Praying for you daily!
There's strength in numbers.
Safety in http://numbers.You  are able to change fate of the World. Wonderfull.Thanks of all to you.
Mucho hablar sin nada a cambio
Emmanuel Macron hates you.
He just needs the US. He hates you.
GREAT VISIT! GREAT WELCOME!

Trump says the dossier is false because he didn't stay overnight in Moscow. But Thomas Roberts, host of that year’s Miss Universe pageant, confirmed that Trump was in Moscow for one full night and at least part of another. https://www.thedailybeast.com/miss-universe-2013-host-thomas-roberts-confirms-trump-stayed-overnight-in-moscow/ …
Dude, you don't have a true friend in the world.....trust me. #sad
So, Trump, are you too (ha ha) “busy” to see that YOU LOST YET AGAIN?
#failingTrump #loserTrump

Federal judge orders government to continue DACA and accept new applicants, in toughest blow yet to Trump’s efforts to end program
Estados Unidos lo mejor, que gran país..

Hahahahaha 
Break the deal with Iran break it now
Ya right... like you have friends!!!
God Bless You President Trump for all you are doing for this Country. American Patriots stand strongly with you!
Actually real patriots resist #grifter
Bravo !!!
لاإله إلا الله محمد رسول الله⁦⁩⁦⁩
UR "friend"? Get it through UR thick delusional skull that world leaders despise U. They only show up via office obligation. Nobody likes U!
Merci Trump

Not your friend.

Liar.
What loyalty did you promise him, maybe a little money
WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOU!!!  AND MELANIA IS PERFECTION.  BE CAREFUL, MACRON IS DEEP STATE.

Talking nothing but S..t as usual Macron looks horrified evry time you
open your mouth. Stop touching him up shows your penchant for men
Iam So Glad Your Meeting With The President Of France Is Going Well
Lots of French kisses and hand holding today......... none from Melania
You should #ResignNOW


Discussions-hot bird...-BIJI
He is a diplomat, not a real friend.
Trump is war mongering fool. He will destroy the USA
Take your hand down, you aren't American and you don't have a heart.

He’s NOT YOUR FRIEND!  Fool
Flint #fixit
Emanuel Rothschild
hello
Это одно хорошее дело.
POTUS, the Iran deal is a good thing. Just because BiBi needs a cat's paw, doesn't mean you need to be it. I liked POTUS 44, because I could sleep at night.  POTUS 37 took POTUS  41's CIA into Iran. So many skeletons doth POTUS carry.
Favorite president? Didn't he squeeze your hand into oblivion last time?
Good luck
C’mon, you don’t have friends!

Could you introduce him to me Mr President.


HRC is the real president

And he is not your friend.
We deplorables have your back
This man is not your friend. He is a Head of State, the President of France and more than your equal. He is your better. Your childish, limited understanding of your position and lack of diplomacy is a constant embarrassment to America and Americans.
Good job! Thank you.
Never had a President..to work so hard.andCare about the People ., God Bless You Mr  President. We Love You and Happy Birthday to Our. Beautiful .First Lady.  Everbody Should support  Him
Because you Benfit from the JobsHe has created for you,


