
The left can't meme
That's acctually a solid meme, mabye a tad long bu 100% accurate.
Nah, not only is it long, but it's years behind and does nothing but just state the opinion if whoever created it rather than try to be creative in any way. For more updated memes, look here:
Whats sad is that its still very relevant. I still see that stuff a lot. It takes a long time for a Trump supporter to learn new tricks.
Deuteronomy 28:12-13
The #Lord will open to you His good treasure, the #heavens, to give the #rain to your #land in its #season, and to bless all the #work of your #hand. You shall lend to many #nations, but you shall not borrow. And the #Lord will make you [1/2]
the #head and not the #tail; you shall be above only, and not be beneath, if you heed the #commandments of the #Lord your #God, which I #command you today, and are careful to observe them. [2/2]
#GOD protect our #Nation  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
Ecclesiastes 8:2-5
I say, “Keep the #king’s #commandment for the #sake of your #oath to #God. Do not be hasty to go from his #presence. Do not take your #stand for an #evil thing, for he does whatever pleases him.” Where the #word of a #king is, there is #power; [1/2]
And who may say to him, “What are you doing?” He who keeps his #command will experience nothing #harmful; And a wise #man’s #heart discerns both #time and #judgment, [2/2]
WOW! That Mar-A-Lago backdrop is great! HOW PRESIDENTIAL!!
When a leader comes to America now, they know they are coming to the most powerful nation in the world. They know they are coming to a nation with a leader that has MASSIVE BALLS! They know that they will NOT be able to play games.
Japan is doing great. They have VERY STRONG BORDERS and do not allow in ANYONE unless they feel they are a good fit for the country. You know how many Syrian migrants are in Japan? Yeah.
President Trump is doing a great job of keeping AMERICA SAFE!
Wow!!  The second White House is amazing.  What a beautiful place to great a foreign Prime Minister.  Love your Mar-a-Largo!!    Love Our  President! 
Wow!!  You’re a bot.  
I don't think they are bots but there definitely is no brain activity.
Same thing.

Damn, you are good!
I can’t take credit for creating it.  It’s great though.  
Still good! Look out for the whines, though! 
Most Americans want you nowhere near the country, let alone the White House. GET OUT!
You couldn’t do this at the White House?
Winning?   
Honestly why should we care?
Because, despite the fantasy world you live in, we still need allies and trade partners.
$$$ for shitty-lago and GOLFING.... SMH

Or TRUMP'S college transcripts, or Melania's citizenship documents?

You are living in pass, Obama is not president anymore get over it. GO Trump
"In pass"? What does that mean?
It means the likelihood of Donna being a Russian bot just increased 2000%
I love that your great!
Notice the grammatical errors "in pass" - instead of "in the past".  Missing a "the" is typical of Russian speakers hacking away at English. Mistaking the phonology too. The rest of what she said is just cut & paste typical bot crap. Also, no photo and a dozen followers. Bot.
So how much do we,  the American taxpayers have to pay  for you entertaining the prime minister of Japan at your own private resort?? Whatever happened to the President welcoming dignitaries at the White House or Camp David?
Haha! You obviously still don't realize this man's taking nothing from us. He doesn't need it. He didn't "need" to be president...we needed him to be. Love @realDonaldTrump ! We owe everything to him! #qanon #tarmac
#MAKEitRAIN
Um that's not true. He took over 15.1 million of tax payers money into his business coffers last year.
And since Angela said that my informatio is false, let me give a source. The information was obtained thru freedom of information acts by public citizen.
Angela believes in Q, the conspiracy fabricated by the insane right to make themselves feel better about supporting Nazi perverts. She probably spends a great deal of time mooning over Jerome Corsi videos on YouTube. #RWNJs 
I don’t think I am as well versed with a lot of this discussion but without making myself look too stupid can somebody please tell me who Q is? The only Q I know is the Q from Star Trek.
It's a look, point/laugh, but don't touch with a barge pole. 
Seriously Unhinged.
They think Q is one of Trumps Admin, Q gives clues to other conspiracies by tweets - total BS

They make the Flat Earthers look like Nobel award winning scientists in comparison and I f king hate FE
So true Mole.
A BIT OF TRUMP BLING.....the trumps they all like shiny sh*t..makes ‘em feel a little more Fifth Ave & a little less Queens
We’re sorry Prime Minister Abe!
Why are you sorry? Embarrased to be an American? Maybe you should move someplace else. We would all be happier if you were gone.
I’m actually embarrassed that you’re an American.
Great. DM me and I’ll send you my email. Then PayPal me about $100,000 which should cover all international moving costs.
No way! What abt we meet in person
I’m flattered but I’m married. Sorry.
Dude I’m happy married, too. Trust me. I’m not interested in you just want to pay one way ticket for you to out of the country!



All you wanted to do is go golfing and have tax payers pay for it... you could have met him here in the White House!

Wow you really are desperate.
Pig.
Yes you do resemble one so change your pic piggy.
Look at this PIG...

What a gorgeous place. No wonder why the Heads of State want to meet @realDonaldTrump there..#MAGA ....
Seems more like a commercial for Moron Lago than a welcome.
Poor guy has to put up with a pervert pee-loving creep like you! #PeeGate #PeeVideo #PeeTape #StormyDaniels @PressSec #KarenMcDougal #UnfitForOffice

How many mistresses have been on that couch Mr. President???

This clown represents the perfect liberal.
Oh, really? How so? I don’t think you have an answer, you’re just looking to pick a fight because you are upset you’re buddy Trump is getting exposed more everyday. Now you’re starting to see the truth behind his fake administration and it pisses you off...
I’m not upset . I think it’s funny the fruitcake you use to make a point.
I think you need to explain that statement because right now it makes no sense whatsoever
How much is the Trump Organization fleecing American (and Japanese) taxpayers by holding this meeting at a Trump owned golf resort rather than in DC?

#PutinPuppet
トランプ大統領ありがとう！！　日本のマスコミ、メディアはこういった素晴らしい動画を流してくれません。日本のオールドメディアは終わっています。フェイクニュース垂れ流しです。
Don’t buy into that fake news crap

Yeah.  
is this a political post? or a travel brochure for some shitty Trump resort?
The Japanese show honour, maybe the American people can learn respect? 
Yes I need to second other comments.  I love what you’ve done to the White House.  It’ says we’re the country with a  touch of Sadona and blue skies.

わおっ、スゲエ…
パッと見て緊密とわかります。双方まるで緊張してない。
それが総理は個人的な関係は親密だけど交渉の難しさのため連日会談の準備をなさってたそうですよ。本当に努力なさってます。野党はいまだにモリカケ言って遊んでますけど。怠けられますよね～。無理難題吹っ掛けるだけの簡単なお仕事だから。
モリカケの合間に実務担当者への指導や確認など大忙しだったでしょうね。寝たのかな？

Better than Obama's place in Chicago. 
How will we steal Arabs?
We will put our troops in their land to protect them
And we will take oil from them
Worth a trillion and a half dollars
We will give Britain and everyone who helps us


@mcolfer6291

And next week I’ll talk shit about you when your out of the country because I @realDonaldTrump is a coward to tell you to your face or in this case to your interpreter. Right Donnie, so I know you like a book?
W.T.F
LEAVE ME ALONE: http://youtu.be/PQWcThKT3RE 

Check this out Donald
（╹◡╹）

Bet he is jumping for joy to get the orange moron

thank you, very much!!
Why the close up of tacky chandelier, what's that got to do with foreign dignitary visit? Lets call this out for what it really is, a corrupt demagogue showcasing his personal country club bought & paid for with  laundered money. 
#MorallyBankrupt 
#DonTheCon
Notice...he's not drinking any of that democratic fruit punch. By the way hows that Resisting thing going....what a bunch of nut jobs!

今天是个好日子
Congratulations, but I don't know when I'll change my mind again.
Moon Jae-in like you're walking a powder keg of the president eager to do with my mind.
From the truce, the South and North have gone further toward peace,
I am anxious to see the war end in Northeast Asia.
.
Please convince Abe.
With Mun Jae-in to make efforts for peace
on the Korean peninsula.
Thank you for
your efforts for peace
that you will have
a high-level conversation
with Kim Jung Eun.
 We want "Peace",
Not "War"
 Shalom!
Peace be with you!
.
Can’t wait to see Mar-A-Shithole auctioned off piece by piece to pay legal fees
#GodHatesTrump
The Donald has accomplished most of his election promises and is working hard to Make America Great Again!
President Trump, thank you very much.
Japanese media never shows such a report.

All television in Japan is promoting Japan destruction work
Japan... a true and respected friend to America...
Thrilled to have a President that I'm actually proud of!!!!!!! @realDonaldTrump
WELCOME TO AMERICA
Thank you for referring to the kidnapping case of N.Korea in the United Nations. Please do not forget it.
North Korea-Kidnapped 2005
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FDLtdCBskGY&sns=tw …
@AbeShinzo
#OttoWarmbier #DavidSneddon
#Abduction #northkorea
特定失踪者含む #拉致被害者全員奪還
今現在の #日朝平壌宣言破棄
@AbeShinzo 
#NationalHaikuDay
#NationalHaikuDay
Okinawa shame
Sugar Hell black Sugar cane
April 28th
For 70 years the US has occupied Okinawa puking democracy promotion riding on the back of Japanese imperialist racism
Which starting with the Sugar Hell happened in the 1600s @USMC 
Don't trip
How much money did you make by meeting with a foreign dignitary at a private club that you own? 
How much taxpayer money was spent on travel, room & board for public employees & secret service to stay ay your private club? #Emoluments #Nepotism
Oh state Dinner unlike other meetings and dinners paid by US
Welcome to Camp David Dennison!
Ha!
What this? 

Free advert for the resort is it?

Lets hope the US taxpayer don't mind Trump Inc earning a few bucks off the presidency.

No conflict of interest there I'm sure....
YA...A President that isn't taking a pay is robbing the country. It least he didn't send 400 billion dollars in cash to our enemy in the middle of the night. One of many things he did to take down America.
Thank YouAmerica！
ありがとうございます。
Japan-US friendship！
Obama had a long breaks in his memory
My sincere prayers and blessings go out to the Bush family on the loss of the former first lady, Barbara Bush. She has had a wonderful and long prosperous life. RIP Barbara Bush at 92 years young.
Trump in a limo to his security gaurd- "Matty, would you kill for me?"
Matty-"Yes Trump, I would."
Repeated 3 times. 
Is this your Matty, Trump?
Anybody close to you would give their own mama up for $100,000
Amiright? Have info? Contact IDaThug@gmail.com
*IDTheThug@gmail.com
トランプ大統領、アメリカ合衆国の皆様
13歳で北朝鮮に拉致された 
横田めぐみさん、他 多くの被害者を
助け出す為の力を   どうかお貸し下さい  
(・∀・)人(・∀・)
Yes  2020
泣けてきます
Where's those Russian sanctions?
And where's your taxes?
https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2018/04/trump-russia/558206/ …
#CorruptToTheCore
Bet he saw the IMPEACHMENT billboard. Embarrassing much?? Oh taxpayers are tired of paying for your entertainment expenses in FL. REAL Presidents entertain foreign leaders at the WH -the WHITE HOUSE, Wash., DC. There is no other WH! #Moron #TrumpRussiaConspiracy
Thank you very muchfrom Japanese woman

It looks like promotion video of the Great Leaders.
Played by over 1.2million  people  within half a day !
Trump the snowflakes president for seven more fabulous years.
why are you there and not at WH..  oh I know.. so you can charge taxpayers millions and pocket it
WHAT HAPPENING W/THE SANCTIONS?

AMERICANS HAVE A RIGHT KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO THE SANCTIONS ON RUSSIA! 

WE DEMAND A ANSWER NOW FROM YOU DONALD J. TRUMP #45 NOW!

RETWEET IF YOU DEMAND AN ANSWER FROM THE PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES, WE THE PEOPLE HAVE THAT RIGHT TO KNOW!
Sorry to hear you are somebody slave
Did you just use the Prime Minister of Japan to make a commercial for your club? 
#EmolumentsClause 
#Ethics
 it was supposed to be a secret!
Keep doing what you’re doing Mr. President. My wife and I are praying for you every day. Praying God gives you strength discernment wisdom and most importantly to be able to rest in the evenings with your family. Thank you for fighting for the American people.

Religion is a wonderful thing...especially when one group controls all of them!
What does this mean???
I'm gonna let you figure it out, because if you have the ability to ask a question, you typically have the ability to answer it too. In this case you ought to.
What one group controls all religions?
You tell me.
I see gazillions of religions, all “controlled” by themselves, so...tell me what half-cocked conspiracy theory you are drinking the K ool-aid of...
Actually Ms. Spayer, if you consider the fact that much of the Middle East is within the subject matter of "Abrahamic Religions" then we aren't talking about the gazillions of religions, but the few in power that are being controlled by a few who keep the themes going.
Peace and Prosperity for all working together for Good! Thank You President Trump 
今の安倍はこれだけ、トランプとの密着を示せるのが精いっぱい。
Thank you PM Abe for taking time to babysit Donald and keep him from committing more treason through golf and much sickening flattery and praise. Keep up the good face.
How will Little Donny embarrass us this time?
Mr.President, Japanese people are grateful to you！！！
You're corrupt to the core.
Great Partner
Thank You 
LYING MEDIA:Many LYING LIB MEDIA are of THEIR FATHER THE DEVIL."And the desires of their father they want to do.He... does not stand in the truth because there is no truth in him.When he speaks a lie he speaks from his own resources for he is a liar and the father of it"John 8:44
Thanks for throwing in the shot of that hideous chandelier
Yes Trump.
No fake media.
No Noko.
Beautiful message to the Bush Family...thank you for all you do and Continue to do. Go USA

We DO NOT HAVE  a SOUTHERN WHITE HOUSE you POS
I thank the hospitality to Prime Minister Abe as one of the Japanese citizens.
Let's get along well

Maybe he brought you a gift from Fukushima. The added radiation will make the rest of your hair and teeth fall out. It's amazing how you naively trust world leaders.
This dump was cited for mold and roaches. Roach motel- wooohooo! (there are better places to stay, guys)
#MAGA !
hope pres Trump will make a good deal for everybody so there be peace in the world
Thank you so much President Trump
Minister Abe is visiting? All I heard was you bragging about your golf courses. Oh yea, and while we are at it, what was all that body rocking .. back and forth, side to side. Hard to watch.

Where's the #RussianSanctions#TraitorInChief
Hope you enjoyed @TrueFactsStated beautiful billboard on the drive in.

I agree Abe-Trump alliance.
Thank youfrom Japan
Tic Toc
Tic Toc
Tic Toc
Tic Toc
Tic Toc
#TicToc
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
#TrumpRussia
#ItsMuellerTime
#VoteBlue
thank you americanpresident MrDonald J.Trump
Thank  God for President Trump
Welcome to American Fascist headquarters!!!
ありがとうトランプ大統領！安倍総理は大統領と同じようにフェイクニュースと戦っています。おふたりとも本当に国民のためを思って働いてるのがわかります。大手マスコミは報道しないけど。
If you can't write in English language you have nothing to say about our president!
翻訳機能あるでしょう。そう言うなら、あなたも私に日本語で話しかけるべきでしょう。
Why do they even bother having  that little White House graphic at the end of these videos?

This meeting -- like so many -- was held at a private property where Trump continues to generate improper revenue.
FFS . . . At Maralago AGAIN??? How much money do the taxpayers have to pump into your "motel"?
Welcome Prime Rib Abe!
@FOLLOWBACK66667
@giovanngiaguns
@Gio666gia
Trump gang members
Are we paying for Trump TV now?  
What’s Mar-A-Lardo costing us actual taxpayers this week #DonTheCon
Will you be serving Beautiful Chocolate Cake?

Happy Tax Day, everyone! 

This is your friendly reminder that the president doesn’t want anyone to ever see his tax returns because he’s a criminal and a fraud.
Good to see how well you stand against the constant democrat tantrum taking and chaos making! Bless you Mr President
Bitcoin is the fastest growing and the most valued cryptocurrency you can earn up to 1.5 BTC which  is equivalent to $17,000 US dollars in less than a month by investing.  i am a professional Bitcoin miner and i can show you how to achieve this, Join the train of successful miner
Don't forget to shake his hand. LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL
The eye roll  of the Japanese president was awesome at the end....
Massive Discovery off #Japan: #RareEarthMinerals =essential in #Electronics - threatens #China's monopoly  - https://www.infowars.com/massive-discovery-of-rare-earth-minerals-threatens-chinas-monopoly/ … - https://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/30/business/global/30smugglebar.html … -
#Steenkampskraal #SouthAfrica #WestCape could supply world's highest grade of #RareEarths i.a. neodymium, praseodymium and dysprosium - used in electronic products - June 2017 -
http://www.mining.com/web/south-africa-play-key-role-world-rare-earth-supplies/ … -
@Bloomberg #RareEarth Measured deposits at #Steenkampskraal #SouthAfrica could supply the world's highest grade of #RareEarths i.a. neodymium, pradeodymium and dysprosium - used in electronics. http://www.mining.com/web/south-africa-play-key-role-world-rare-earth-supplies/ … -
Fifty years from now history students will not remember a meeting with the president of Japan. But they will most certainly learn that the President of the United States was brought down by a porn star.
Disturbing you take world leaders to Mara Shithole & not to our “tippy top” White House. #GrifterInChief
This is a shameless as for Mar a Lago Club more than anything. White trash president from Queens
*shameless AD for Mar a Lago
How does this asshole still have 50 million followers? Please unfollow if you don’t support him. You can always see from others what he posts. He thinks he is popular. 
A good percentage are bots.
Welcome putin!

Even with pictures I think Trump is lying. I am positive he is lying to the prime minister right now.
Truthfully, I think the sketch that Stormy came up with resembles Avenatti more then anyone else.
What you are doing is unethical and likely in violation of the emoluments clause. Your days smearing the office of the POTUS are winding down, buddy boy. #IllegitimatePresident #BlueTsunami2018
ありがとうございます。
日本国民として御礼申し上げます。


Please talk meaningful about North Korea...

Thank you Mr. President !
You are the most warm hearted President ever !
I hope the friendship between USA and Japan is strong!
                                                    from Japan
What do we do when free speech is under attack in America what will be left for the rest of the world from here? When we turn communist and no longer have a say. What help are we to the world? 
Attack on freedom of speech no more 2nd Amendment protesting only the first AmendmentWhat will we become without freedom of speech?the beginning of communism in America https://twitter.com/CDNResistance/status/986342589661089792?s=20 …
Noice
We warmly welcome Prime Minister Abe and thank you very much for President Trump and all the American people.
Why can’t you just resign and you can stay there forever, because we don’t want you in the White House. Stay there and tarnish Mar-a-Lago.
Love Japan and the kind Japanese people. Welcome
Camp David just isn't good enough for you and your guests, eh Donnie?
Lower your flags to half staff Dotard
two countries which are the lighthouse of the world civilization
This is a commercial for your hotel
The media are biased. Thank you for correct information.
U. s.-Japan friendship ！
Hi everyone, please click here to support my GoFundMe campaign, help brandi get better:
A tacky mansion for a white trash president!  you will never have class no matter how much money you have. #MAGA

He seems like a good guy.
Enjoy the cake!
At Mar-A-Lago again I see. How many of my tax dollars are paying for this golfing excursion? You do have a perfectly good White House and a little place called Camp David that are designed for hosting foreign dignitaries.
Is this an infomercial for your #Shithole golf course?

Both American and Japanese leaders. Do not lose to the mass media!

トランプ大統領、素敵な映像をありがとうございます！ネクタイがお似合いです
両国に輝かしい未来が訪れますように、日本より祈念しております。
THANK YOU SO MUCH MR TRUMP FOR ALL THE GREAT WORK YOUR DOING FOR ALL AMERICANS KEEP FIGHTING THE GOOD FIGHT  LATINOS STAND WITH YOU AND REMEMBER GOD LOVES YOU 
You might also want to explain why you hate such a popular president when you probably should hate yourself:
You are soooooo tacky, Fraud.  Do they pay you based on how tacky you are at any given moment.   I apologize to PM Abe for having to be in your presence.
Nice chandelier in the video, but why?
How much money did US taxpayers pay for this Mar-a-Lago advertisement?
......
Is this a commercial for your resort?
Cute
Welcome to hell, Abe.
Thank you from Japan!! 
@JoshyFunTime it's me :p

" AWESOME! THANKYOU JESUS & PRESIDENT TRUMP, WE ARE WINNING & IT'S SO AWESOME, & KEEP AMERICA GREAT!! 2020!
