But your pick for Secy of VA passing out opioids is OK?
BUILD THE WALL!!!
Give Asylum seekers a court date and tell them to return at that time. Do not allow them to come into our country until their court date. The U.S. has crime and cannot guarantee safety to Asylum seekers.
So they can't come get the water we're stealing from them on a colossal scale.
Dear Pres Trump - Did you see this just out 4/23.   7,667 people killed by cartels over drugs; turf; etc.  Please build Wall.

IN THE SHADOW OF ART. 447 I WOULD ALSO LIKE TO REMIND MR. @POTUS OF HIS WORDS DURING A VISIT IN #POLAND.
ARE YOU WILLING TO KEEP THE MEANING OF YOUR OWN WORDS ALIVE? OR WAS IT JUST A SHOW FOR POLISH PEOPLE WHO…
I think you should have Mueller investigated, or give him an equal partner that he has to share everything with...
This is Generational problem
Addictions start in the Family
Unfullfied expectations
Abandonment
Peer pressure
Parent Addict
Family History
And its the LARGEST FREE ENTERPRISE GLOBAL MARKET
Then keep the immigrants looking for asylum the hell out of here.  We will pay no more to people who bring nothing to America but poverty and crime. And will stop supporting Trump and republicans if they are let in.
God bless my president for his work
ILLEGALS  are like LOCUST!! They will send all the money back home, blood suck our welfare system, which is funded by the taxpayers and turn America into a SHITHOLE, while they build up their countries!!
THIS IS AN INVASION, BUILD THE WALL, NOW!
YES GO GET THEM!!!!

New data shows the Trump administration has separated more than 700 children from their parents since October, including more than 100 children under the age of 4.…
Nicaragua Nicaragua helps us please the president id killing our people help please help us to fight the Daniel ortega please help help!!

Sleeping gas where attempts are made to scale the wall, Dog use, drones, whatever it takes, that border needs secured. We need to create a wide no go zone before the wall also, I like using international troops on the southern border also, why should we always be the bad guys?
The war on drugs (is & has always been in reality "the war on American people") is doomed & will always fail no matter how much money & man power one throws at it. Everyone who's spent a career in law-enforcement knows this is fact. Does anyone wondered why?

Keep trying to sell your worthless plans that have failed for decades! Throw millions at a wall that will do little to stop drugs or people! Dumbest administration in history!
Says the man encouraging drug smuggling
Where is the agency responsible for fighting corruption by presidents and politicians? Or the one charged with ethics violations? Apparently being paid off or out to lunch

President Trump said about FBI Comey

What can they do about this?
Attorney GENERAL Rudy Giuliani will make the boards secure, why are you letting Sessions screw America?
When are we going to drain the swamp of replica s and the democrats. All of them
We need you now more than ever Mr President
.
They’re doing a great job. It’s impossible to find illegal drugs in America (unless you look.) More task forces & increased bureaucracy will help. Maybe adding thoughts & prayers can end drugs altogether.

Or not. Prohibition didn’t work before, & won’t work now.
When is cannabis going to b legalized
As always liberals do not want to focus on the thousands of Americans who died from drug overdoses because too many DemocRATS make a living on selling the drugs and even more use them!
Please, which one is hiring?

Nations dedicated to taking tax payer money for a fake fight against drugs. Let us live independently and do as we please. Step in when these people infringe on others rights that's all
Why do you call him "President Trump"?  He is a #Traitor who #Colluded with #Russians to #Steal the #Election.

Prince died from an overdose of Fentanyl that had been legally prescribed.
If You want to know true history of polish Jews in the time of #WW2  and after by photos and documents i recommend you:
hastag #Jewishtruth
Kasjopea @AnitaSchelde
Silent Heroes @polish_truth

You are right, it MUST be  secured, just like FBI document congress asked for.
FRAUD, WASTE & ABUSE by Scott Pruitt is a waste of our federal taxpayer dollars! Why does he still have a job? Trump is giving us more ammunition for the scathing #BlueWave2018!  Thanks Donald!  Daddy Putin should have told you to fire Pruitt! @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS
How dare you invite that lying murderer from Russia to the White House.  Rex was right "MORON-IN-CHIEF".
@SenateMajLdr  @HouseGOP
@WhiteHouse
@SenateDems
@HouseDemocrats
@SenateGOP
Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $1 million in 2017 from Russian born billionaire who made a large portion of his money under Putin in Russia. He's taken $2.5 million in total from the same Russian. #DitchMitch …

.
Lying Son of a Bitch... The Worst Crimes are committed by the Treasonous politicians who sell us all out in Washington D.C... "DRUGS"? The CIA and DEA Help import the shit, just to keep our prisons full.  Our Draconian Laws are what keep the Cartels in Business, and you know it.


I fully agree with you Mr. Trump. You are the Prsdnt and it should be your first priority to secure your borders. But on the other hand, I expect you to respect other countries to take the necessary measures to secıre their borders against some terror orgs like PKK and YPG
Waste of money ot will never work America is the #1 of Mexico when it comes to drugs
taller
#ExpelMiccarelli
Thank you, thank you, thank you!! Trafficking of humans and drugs must be stopped. Built that wall, Mr. President! @POTUS
Drug trafficking and the trafficking of humans must be stopped. Punish severely those involved in crimes against humanity. Throw the Clinton's and their crime family in jail please.
それまじ？ 森生える
There's a huge drug problem in Puerto Rico that needs fixing! GO THERE & SOLVE IT!
LIARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
https://www.facebook.com/amy.pemg/posts/158477561515294 …


Many thanks to Jesus Christ too
Alcohol Prohibition just increased crime and made it more profitable. It proved prohibition to be a disastrous policy. Drug Prohibition will always create more problems than it solves for same reasons. Creates imbalance when laws are out of sync with Non Aggression Principle.
#all these agencies is what gets all investigations into everything fucked up







تبارك الله رب العالمين بسم الله ماشاء الله تبارك الرحمن في خلقة اللهم صلى وسلم تسليما كثيرا وبارك على النبي رسول الله وعلى آلة وأزواجة وذريتة وصحبة أجمعين والمؤمنين والمؤمنات يارب العالمين في العالمين أنك حميد مجيد إن الحمد الله رب العالمين
Heather Nauert needs to be removed because she thinks this is her personal account or something, she's totally #unprofessional and Heather doesn't represent this U.S. #Judeo-Christian #Nation or Our Judeo-#Christian #Constitution, #FireHeatherNauert @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #ASAP
Mistake!!! War on Drugs failed since 1972!!! Hell they probably want to secure their borders from us, America has more drugs than any country!

Send the military .why not use these patriots as the wall .and enter s am

You're trying to conquer to much at one time Donald. Keep on bringing us all together Commander you're doing a great job of it.  Make peace and chill a little. Take a load off.

Problem now is what to do with homeless drug addicts because they are homeless and turning up everywhere in this country. Epidemic, But do not agree with California to pay them to pick up trash..
Since trump came in office I notice the gasoline went up at least when President Bush & President Obama was in Office the gasoline was down !
News Flash: There is no authority in the US Constitution allowing any of this.
Every vote, every arrest, every conviction, is a crime against humanity.
Trump didn't back down from Russia, let him do his job and great things will happen !

Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, The President of The United States @realDonaldTrump and the newest addition to his legal team Rudolph Giuliani 
@POTUS#Lovewithoutremorse Thank Ewe .

they wont show you the truth about Heroin! That had bigger dealings with Big Pharma, which is why there is no HEALTH DEAL with the Republican'ts.

Think about it. an single Aspirin at a hospital cost 50 bucks. Why Big Pharma. 

who gets most of that. TAXATION FROM OUR GOVERNMENT!
sorry wrong link... here is the correct one..
think I am lying... MY NAME IS NOT TRUMP.  here is the truth
you are the ones who did this to our country. if people don't see how this is a BIGOTRY than they are blind. THE US LET DRUGS BE SOLD TO OUR BLACK COMMUNITY SO THEY COULD FUND A WAR ! YOU SIR SHOULD BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE!
but your not dedicated to taken care of the people addicted to the drugs this country purposely pushed on our black community to fund the Republican't war! you not dedicated to help people addicted to drugs to help their families, but instead you want to blame mexicans for drugs!
Good work mr president keep up
Let’s stop legalizing weed. It’s dangerous driving among other inevitable problems that will surface .
Trump's "wall" will never be built.
#SexualAssaulter45 #GrabbingThemByThePussy
http://www.chicagotribune.com/sns-bc-ams-gen-peru-asesinatos-20170908-story.html …   ►
Gun crime? No, wait. You've got the monopoly on that one #MAGA


It’s very concerning when racist #45 needs help to negotiate an end to an investigation involving treasonous acts!
Giuliani says he is joining Trump’s legal team to ‘negotiate an end’ to Mueller probe
Amping up the war on drugs again? How much will this cost everyone this time @realDonaldTrump ?
Easiest way to stop illegal drugs coming in to USA is to legalise right across the spectrum. This would also put all the dealers out of business, crime-rates would drop, and we'd all be a lot more relaxed about something that's been part of human life for millennia 
If we legalize all plants which are gifts from God (Genesis 1:29) no one would use the manufactured poison that is killing our citizens. Moreover, when plants can be grown domestically, demand for drug smuggling would be eliminated. Drug War ends, problem solved.
Estimates in Florida, made by the authorities themselves, are that they stop between 7 to 10 percent of the drugs coming into the state.  That means the smugglers have at least a ninety percent success rate.  The "war on drugs" is a joke.  It was incontrovertibly lost long ago.
Keep it up!!! Trump 2020!!!
You won't find the DNC there. They don't want anything to do with solving serious problems.
I’ll just bet they loved having you.  #MoronInChief

Can you stop the trafficking of legal drugs? Oxys perks vikes! If 'big pharma lobbies for you why would you care? They make high power opioids for children. It's sickening you let these legal dope dealers hook these people on synthetic heroin. MAGA! Money money money
Trump didnt pay afganistan farmers to stay in buisness..do your homework... This has been an ongoing problem and cant be resolved over night..  takes time..First agenda ..secure boarders to slow down. Drug n human traffiking.. Draining the swamp is exposing7 alot of who did what
The real crimes are in our face 20trillion debt open borders Flip Flopping liars in office go from sealing your borders protecting you to killing you & bankrupting America. Simple math simple facts Don't lie  these jack-offs do daily rich from the lies beyond anyone's dreams #KAG
The real crimes are in our face 20trillion debt open borders Flip Flopping liars in office go from sealing your borders protecting you to killing you and bankrupting America. Simple math simple facts Dont lie these jack-offs do daily rich from the lies beyond anyone's dreams #KAG
Go zero taxes Means test our leaders No person should walk Out of a term working for the people as rich as a lotto winner It is a disgrace for our leaders to sit by watch this go on #StandardOilTaxes 90% tax for any one making more than they should billions in her bank #KAG2018
Hold your breath... #SellFakeDrugs
#StopingTrumpStopsIllicitDrugs #TruckStompingTrumpIsIllegalJustPuttingItOutThere
White, fake evangelical, homegrown terrorist. Not Mexican or Middle Eastern but born and bred in the USA. Why not target the these National Security Threats 
Fighting the liberals you mean , they control the heroine . We know this
Could you do something about those refugees jumping the NY-Quebec border ? They're transiting through your lands... Talk about securing borders...
The oldy but goody, war on drugs. This is your brain, this is your brain on old @GOP policies. Because, it worked so well last time, in incarcerating POC.
AAwesome

You people are ignorant! #ResignNow
It is so awesome to see an attempt to stop illegall drugs from being brought in to our country and destroying so many lives... it is a far cry from the delegation of idiots in California doing nothing... so glad that they didn't get in the Whitehouse
Fake.
It was an honor hosting you and your advance team this past week. Shaking POTUS’s hand is something I won’t forget.
@POTUS Columbi
The greatest President ever! Thank you Mr. President for draining the swamp and saving America.  We appreciate all you're doing.  

I suppose it's fitting that Donald Trump has recruited Rudy Giuliani to help him end the Mueller probe,  as unscrambling the letters in "Rudy Giuliani" gives you "I aid ugly ruin".
Pleeeese make it a priority to stem the tide of the ones that POTUS is taking!

How's our friends in #PuertoRico? #Impeach
They are Americans, there is no freaking excuse Spanky can come up with for this!

Block Party..Open Invitation...#MAGA

You’re pissing off everyone in the world, mostly those who want to nuke us. Please stop doing these crazy things you’re gonna get us all killed Mr. Frump
U just hired rudy gulianni? Wow, lil.out of his prime dont u think donny? Anything else u can drag back from the eighties?
yEA 

Who hasn't been?
