Enough already. We know.
She was quite the lady. Rest in peace.
They lost my respect when they back Clinton.
RIP Babs, RIP
Will trump be there? If not then why?
She wrote that she was pro-choice and pro-gun control.  RIP.

Really @realDonaldTrump - you "retweeted a message re. Barbara Bush. No personal message of sympathy? I think she deserves better than that.
TOO LITTLE TOO LATE! BTW never have seen Melania smile so authentically then she did on Saturday, ‘sitting next to BELOVED BARACK OBAMA, POTUS CLINTON, POTUS BUSH 1&2!! Rest In Peace First Lady Barbara Bush!
请关注南京强吃钱旺集团事件，注册地在四川，办公在上海，企业法人被南京警方自首，南京警方强制关停了集团旗下公司，还上门强制老百姓报案，拦访截访，殴打上访群众，上央视13诋毁企业，控制舆论，不断删帖删除企业以前的宣传报道。还抓了很多老百姓拍忏悔视频，弄得人心惶惶
Nope, just one globalist old heck.

You're crying crocodile tears. We all know how you maligned and abused her family, she hated 45 & saw him as a filthy piece of trash. Your good friends over at Info Wars (Alex Jones & Roger Stone) are trashing her good name, notice you have nothing to say about that.
Between her husband and her son hundreds of thousands dead or displaced including 3000 innocent in NY.  May God have mercy on her soul.
Every president has had their flaws, but so has every other human on earth, no one is perfect. However Barbara has been nothing but a person to respect and admire. She has raised a successful family and been a role model from her husbands presidency and until her crossing over
The bush family reminds me of a terrible tyrannical crime Mafia
My Deep sympathy for  former First Lady Barbara Bush.
If only we had class like that in the White House now!!!
LOVE
RIP Mrs. Bush. You were a true gem who spoke her mind.
Always good to see again real President and First Lady that once represented the USA with respect honor and inclusiveness , First Lady Bush will be missed by many and not just her family,she gave a lot of herself and time to many and this country.
Rest in peace Mrs. Bush. Condolences to the family. And peace.

SIR PRESIDENT DONald john trump
AFTER 300-400 YEAR
conversation another time
以习近平为核心的党和政府万岁！坚决拥护习近平新时代思想！习近平主席万岁！王岐山副主席万岁！
Sure is disgusting how cooperate media and others are giving this Satanist a good buy farewell as she is pulled down to hell to meet her daddy Crowley to spend forever in the pit. #bybybushbitch
Report - The Death Of Chris Cornell: Was He Murdered By Jeff Epstein? http://themetalden.com/?p=67050 
Lovely pic 
I am truly sorry for the loss of an amazing woman, Barbara Bush! My heart goes out to the family and friends and all who have had the pleasure of meeting her! May God and the heavenly Angles ease your pain and comfort you! Blessed Be!
She is gone, and a nation mourns. What an accomplishment to be the wife, and the mother of a US President. Rest in peace, hopefully you will wake up in line to Heavens gate. God Bless and keep your family during this sad time.
they had a very cute furbaby....
Paix à son âme
Great lady, wonderful example of America



Do you all know that they lie in the media and take photo ops but I will pray for her soul
@realDonaldTrump showing real class after how the Bush Family has treated him
R.I.P
Legacy of the sherf family tree.
Barbara Bush hated Trump.
She was a real LADY...My late parents Henry and Virginia Goulet knew them in Midland,Texas...She will be remembered...
A wonderful example of our nations leader wife!
Too bad current residents can't be as honorable.
F is that an alien?
Wonderful first lady she had class and grace
Who did everything possible to keep you from taking office. Pity.


She was a straight shooter, known for her honesty and candor.
Hugs
"Millie" by Barbara Bush  January 12, 1985-May 19, 1997.  Mildred "Millie Kerr Bush was the pet English Springer Spaniel of Barbara and George H.W. Bush.  She was named for Mildred Caldwell Kerr, A friend.  actually it was Millie's Book. Great First Lady. RIP
God bless our First Lady. You made 
us all so proud. We'll miss you in Houston. We will never forget you. The Lord is my Shepherd ....
Evil people.
#MKUltra
What a wonderful woman, she reminds me of my mom, exactly. Barbara, please say hello to my mom as we think and pray for her every day and God bless you and you’re in the best part of life’s journey you’re with him!g
aleister crowley's daughter?

Your legacy, #SpankyMcBoneSpurs #CrookedDonald will be filled with fraud, scandals, tax evasion, infidelity, sexual harassment, impeachment a prison sentence and a #PeePeeTape #FuckTrump
Here's hoping she haunts you in your sleep. She couldn't stand you!
She was such a kind & confident woman.  A perfect role model for all women.  May she rest in eternal peace 
If only Trump had a fraction of Grace and Dignity that Mrs. Bush had.
You don't even have the balls to go too het funeral cause you would have to stand with real presidents..Go To Hell tRump!!
@realDonaldTrump 
She couldn't STAND YOU!
She knew you are a Con, http://Don.RIP .


Good health, first mafame 
It is cute
Love and prayers to the Bush family!.
Back when the presidency was full of grace, morals, love and patriotism. Today, none of those qualities exist in the Trump presidency. Sad.
What's sad is you use the death of a great lady to take a political punch at Trump.
Only a day late ? Morons at the White House. Quick to talk about stormy Daniels.
BUSHES ARE EVIL.   The more i find out about Trump the less I like him.   ZAPATA OIL, CIA - BUSH SR right in on killing JFK.     Stop glorifying stupidity.    SKULL & BONES IS EVIL.   Barbara was PRO-ABORTION MURDERING THE UNBORN.   Unfortunately she is probably in hellfire now.
Let me explain my ass. Bring down the RAIN
We need to honor her as passing . She was part of  American Royalty , Every President and family a part of. Of her passing .Doesn't leave us in the darkness, but a passing sheds a light on who she is. A mother mentor, and the beilf in our family values. My condolences  .
God bless Trump and AMERICA. MAGA
I am ready 4 design Airplane. See I need AutoCAD
She was a great woman and I believe she is in a better place today, goodbye Mrs. Barbara Bush. Michael C. Green 7576/0062
May she burn in hell
wonderful god Bless you 
This was in the days before @realDonaldTrump when America had a @FLOTUS who wasn’t an embarrassment to the entire nation.
And yet the #OrangeIdiot has yet to post a respectful comment on the passing of this fine lady. He’s too busy plundering the public coffers to cover the expenses of golfing with foreign dignitaries at MarALago. What a shamelessly inconsiderate buffoon you have at @WhiteHouse
“You were a beautiful light in this world & I am forever thankful for your friendship “  thank you to Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt for your praise & R.I.P. former First Lady Barbara Bush...
This White House is is so sub-par that it's kind of disgusting to even read your mention of her name or legacy.  Just stop, it's insulting to her memory.  Melania -- the Einstein immigrant -- and her husband, et al are so beneath Barbara Bush.  Just. Be. Quiet.
I eat everything rice Bread meat vegetable
Same me I'm a woman no one Can telling what to do but I Obey the Law and respect 
Hope she was nice as they say. Rip. Bush is a bastard that should receive capital punishment. What a b@stard.
I am what I am

What legacy will you all leave? Lies, Infantile leader, Russia, Lies, FBI Arrests, FBI Investigations, Lies, Twitter, FoxNews, Porn Stars, Lies. 
Stay classy Trump. 
Yes great, women Should be strong at yourself. You are what you are not let everybody telling what to do. 
Barbara Bush, we offer her every respect and appreciation for her love, dedication and enduring devotion to the nation, and she is in our hearts forever.
RIP barbara madam
I loved this Great lady. always graceful and sweet. she was the rock of her family and well loved by http://all.rest  in peace sweet lady
This first lady, Barbara Bush, has done a lot for America and its people, and the world, we can not forget it
There was a time when you’d be hard pressed to find the words “First Lady” and “Centerfold” in the same sentence. Now though...
And it is still appropriate to honor the deceased....#BarbaraBush

Grande donna certamente sono loro che fanno la grande Storia 
Dovete dire ai Russi che devono imparare a fare diplomazia tramite twitter sarebbe il loro errore fatale cercate di insegnarli qualcosa al riguardo

Yes, Barbara Bush’s legacy was sweeping; Hillary rode her hers on Hallowe’en and weekdays.
RIP
Still not a fan of her son
War Criminal.Lock Her Up!
Back when things were simple...
Good
And how will Melania go down in history?
Too bad we don't have a dignified, classy family in the WH now.
They classy tho
So sad
God rest the soul of Tranquility
Proverbs 11:14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors there is #safety.
#GOD is with us  #JesusOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
Proverbs 8:15-16
By me #kings reign, And #rulers #decree #justice. By me #princes rule, and #nobles, All the #judges of the #earth.
