https://twitter.com/RealAlexJones 
Me too
Thank you!!!
I am skeptical that a warmonger and mentally ill one wishes peace and prosperity for a piece of the world,who backs terrorism all over the world,like his predecessors during the history of his country.
Without warmonger USAs involvement you would think the stupid Americans would remember since WW2 they get beat good and proper every where they go.

Denuclearization of North Korea is completed by escape from China. The present Korea-US Japan triangle should be transformed into a square structure containing North Korea and stabilized. North Korea, which remains a satellite of China, can not bring about any change or peace.
Great My president
A pig at a microphone
Here's to hoping for peace in our time.
but it's been for sure not the success of POTUS, but Russia and China. They have showed what diplomacy means! Explain to your boss. In a hurry, please
What about Palestine which was stolen by the Israeli terrorists.
Because Israel is the illegitimate child of the US,Palestinian must be killed.Shame on @POTUS.
Kim is a murderer he killed his brother he’s sick he should not b in office he needs to go jail for his crimes against his people and look what he did to that young man from the USA that died from his torture. How can u shake hands with the devil
@StateDept @POTUS
نحن نريد ان نعيش بامان ا على حساب الشعب العربي
I share that very same vision, however I require President Donald Trumps In line cooperation with intel agencies. Intel Agencies know this J. Thms Is is shit advisor to me.
 @realDonaldTrump 
@POTUS didn't write this , he can't spell prosperity!
Due to war mongers like trump the skunk, Koreas have been at odds. Trump the shunk is a liar, his only cares are where he will get the next chocolate cake, making his belly fat & how many compliments he gets. I expected his lies. If peace, credit to Koreas rather than the skunk
Lol @ Kim
If only this becomes an acceptable reality as we all move forward to world peace.
And what's going on in California they want to ban the Bible they need to go to jail Federal Prison are either that cut the California free of the United States of America. No one is going to take the Bible away from the American people that they can't have or own a Bible
Anyone who dares criticize our nation says they want to take away the Bible and call it a send or breaking the law not to even have one I'm talking about California any one in office who votes a such thing as to take away something that this was a founded country under God and to
Interesting.....
It is time to close all U.S. military bases on foreign soil.  Their presence is a denial of their sovereignty.

WHAT a bunch of bs. Watched too many spies movies.
Dump Trump
إِنَّا أَنذَرْنَاكُمْ عَذَابًا قَرِيبًا يَوْمَ يَنظُرُ الْمَرْءُ مَا قَدَّمَتْ يَدَاهُ وَيَقُولُ الْكَافِرُ يَا لَيْتَنِي كُنتُ تُرَابًا

Nigeria youth fire back to Mr President for saying that we are lazy https://www.facebook.com/preciousyax.boo/posts/221943401910563 …
PRESIDENT TRUMP YOU MADE THIS POSSIBLE!!! YOUR STRENGTH N STRATEGY!!!
Thank you Mr. Trump for what you've done.
I'm praying you stand in His right hand and fulfill His will  on the earth especially for the people in N.Korea who having a life as slavery for 70 years under Kim's regime plus 36 years under Japanese colony.
Release His will for them.
POTUS, I do too. Lets start by bringing the troops home from South Korea. I get nothing from South Korea cept microwaves that were re-engineered from American goods.
Now your sound like the President of America. Kudos to you sir.
#MadMax
Why don’t you try bringing Americans together in safety, prosperity and peace?????
He can as soon as he gets the GIANT RIPS in the fabric of our democracy repaired; which, of course, your liberal socialist elite buddies caused in the first place!

Get out of Syria!!!
@AmbJohnBolton You are doing a stellar job. Right words. Wrong stance. Review this presentation and compare it to his off the cuff sessions. Change that. You can tell he is not saying his own words. Look at his body language, Sir.
As a free country or a US colony ? Communist or capitalist? Democracy or dictatorship?
Когда Вы спите ,Мистер-Козырь???
Excellent speech Mr. @POTUS, that’s what we want peace for everyone, God bless you.
Why do united states have nuclear weapon ?
It all honesty, despite my misgivings with the Trump administration, that would be an ideal scenario. I hope it can happen but…
Donald Trump wants to see North Korea without nuclear weapons. So he can threaten them with ours. Without wetting his pants.
@POTUS @StateDept: we promote unity in different countries; but, practice hate in our country. Smh
We hope to see a day when stability, statesmanship, embracing 1st Amendment and rest of B of R and forward-seeing progress is seen in the Executive Branch.
It benefits them in every way. Senseless behavior.
This speech may have been taken more seriously if Trump wasn’t clearly glued to the script, reading the words and statements of other people. It’s quite sad that he needs to be told to say this, and can’t say it without a script.
I’m still waiting for “One Nation Under God, for Justice and Liberty for All...” to become truth.
Absolutely
So how much money has Muller and his team cost the TAX PAYERS a so far?
Mr President Donald Trump Really I m Soon Sorry No Can No it No Story No Facebook Only Twitter and Instagram Don't Mind Mr President Donald Trump
Praying...
Go get them. Wish people would let you do your job. 
he's getting very good at reading other people's words isn't he?
PLEASE have Turkey release our US pastor.  Allies don't take HOSTAGES! #SavePastorAndrew   https://aclj.org/persecuted-church/save-pastor-andrew-from-a-turkish-prison?utm_source=facebookad&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=d-04182018_top-PC_seg-jayfb_con-save_typ-AD …
Dream on.  Who is going to give up power and their country to have a single Korea.  You are dreaming.
To use your oft-repeated quote: "We'll see what happens."
Yet approximately 3 million people that you are the president of, mind you, still have no power after 7 months. You can’t even rectify their situation. #RememberPuertoRico #MAGAmorons.
that's the vision. A nuclear free world? Everyone's destiny. Work well mr president. True Koreans need that.
Could I be prouder of this President than I already am? I don't think so. I can hardly wait for 2020 to hear his campaign speeches and see him connect again with American patriotic workers. It feels so good to do good.

You have been doing a great job with an for United States of America
Didn't we fight a war so the communist China-supported North wouldn't take over the  peninsula?  Don't they have a wall separating them to keep apart?  So tweetness wants to tear down the wall and unite the communist north in dire poverty with the democratic, capitalist south?
If anyone can achieve this, it would be Pres Trump! He had the guts to confront Kim Jong Un & it worked; I don't Kim though, I think he's going to try Trump but he would be mistaken for doing so. He needs to be squeezed until he gives up.
That's been the stated goal of the DPRK regime for over 50 years, unification under THEIR control.

Did you ask the South Koreans about that statement?  I guess if you had a SK ambassador he might have explained it.
Trump kosher nostra commiter of war crimes on Syria
I hope liberals & dems don’t convince him 2 leave the talks prematurely.  I think he should stay through talks no matter what happens.  It will send a signal to dems and liberals that this president doesn’t give up or take his toys & go home if something doesn’t go his way.

Right on!
Thats great .also hope the same for this divided country you divided so greatly mr trumpet
You are great.  One more term
XtF
Stop the war please!  No things important than stopped war ! !
How about feeding the North Koreans.
Trump is by far the worst president ever and history will not be kind to him because he is a racist fool anybody poor is no good to trump. And we americans will remember come 2020 and vote trump out these are the facts trump is out in 2020!
I think north Korea are playing the long game and have something sneaky in the pipeline.
Great work Mr. President we love you! MAGA!
You can make it happen,too many naysayers out here who have no clue about poker blindly following the MSM and the rhetoric from the left. When HRC called us deplorable she was unwittingly being introspective. Carry on.
May God Bless the peace efforts for both of these nations, God be with our Prez
@realDonaldTrump You look tired and bored and you can't pronounce peninsula.
Destiny my elbow!
He'll fuck this speech up ...Wait for it 5,4,3,2, VIOLA'
The US government can not recognize the elections in Cuba and its new president, they are a fake with a single candidate, political prisoners and a single party, that is not democracy.I ask President to take action
A @NobelPrize in the making. This deal goes through,  no one can deny @realDonaldTrump that honor. Imagine a peaceful United Korea.
I think Kim un Jong just wants to be accepted in the world leader "in crowd". I think he'll give up his nukes just to golf at Mar a Lago with Trump. He's the only asian leader that hasn't yet. 
He didn’t even know the Korean War has not officially ended and he thinks he can bring peace.  Delusional!
Can’t stand to listen to this narcissistic animal who is so paranoid and full of hate. trump
Two scoops, two terms, two united countries. Not tired of winning. #MAGA
Mr. President, Please consider North Korea transforming from nuclear-identity to which new identity:  hopefully one filled with progress, prosperity, happiness, and non-isolation.
اتمنى ان ارى عالماًهادءاً ليست فيه مشاكل  الشرق الاوسط المعقدة وكذلك مايجري في شبه الجزيرة الكورية فهم شعب واحد ، فرقته السياسة ، ومايتم بذخه من اموال استعداداً لحرب ما يمكن ان يغطي سكان الكرة الارضية برفاه  كبير
@ProudResister : Trump just called the Russia Probe a “hoax created by Democrats.”
70 Contacts
22 Meetings
13 Russians indicted
3 Trump advisors pled guilty
1 Trump advisor charged w/ conspiracy
1 Trump Jr met w/ Russia in Trump Tower
RUSSIA’S NOT A HOAX.
TRUMP’S PRESIDENCY IS.
@kylegriffin1 : Trump starts his day at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, FL.
 
This is Trump's 147th day at a Trump property as president.
Safety! Prosperity! And  Peace.
Humanity! Safety! Prosperity! Peace  !
You should legalize hemp, then we can go over there and get the peace pipe going
KOREAS
The two Koreas are doing crazy job. It is a NK's deliberate fraud tactic.
After 6 decades..Let's hope not
Mr. President. It is the greatest speech I have ever heard for Korea. I do appreciate it. God bless you.
@TeaPainUSA : SIMPLE THOUGHT:  Every Trump aide/pundit/spokesman that speculates Michael Cohen might turn on Trump is publicly admittin' that Trump is guilty.
Excellent
I study liars. I’ve never seen one like Donald Trump.
and how they will keep buy american blood products ☠︎
I pray.
Well wow like that is a revelation
Stop worrying about Korea and take care of our own.  Get Puerto Rico help.
If America has RFID occupied military branches,what Korea needs won't be on top of Trump's to do list!!!!!!!!!
Thank you very much.
I respect you from deep in my heart.
When meeting him, please make sure your the last to arrive and the first to leave. If he kills family members....

nice
I am encouraged that this pursuit continues to be positive, hopefully diplomacy will prevail....

Open trade to North Korea. Kim Jung  is not going to want to give up his nuclear program. If we open trade, and stop sanctions North Korea could become an Allie.
If the unification of Korea means the North Korean regime survives and a unified Korea becomes closer to China, it's not worth doing. Learn from WWII - only the complete destruction of a diseased regime like NK's will suffice.
Thank you for your efforts in this matter sir. You are freakin' awesome regardless of what your detractors have to whine about.
Yeah that’s been happening for nearly 70 years draft dodger.
Thanks to US president D J Trump’s tough and wise decision to NK , we all  are living in peaceful environment now.
#TRUMP for #NoblePeacePrize
Maybe we can get the little town where I live back from the Koreans
How about creating peace in the US also
Legalize hemp
Yes.
please find me, you must hurry up
Don u do not understand that kim’s dream is to unite korea, under him.  This is the moment he has been waiting for.
Great!!!!! That's the way it should be!!!!
One of your best achievements would be to unite both korea and citizens of both Korea lives happily.
This is awesome
Sorry about this are you concerned ?Korea migjht strike back.+
All of Korean people will appreciate your efforts for Korean Peninsula. You’re going to make the world great, not only the US
Yeah right when pigs fly.
Daily EXTORTION & ASSASSINATION attempts because I have DANCED to music   or attended Poker tournaments, taken myJOB, WEALTH, CHILDREN, UNABLE  TO WALK IN MY BACK YARD WITHOUT EXTORTION, UNABLE TO GET it together because of OBSTRUCTION, from D.O.I to Home Depot. !
I agree - peace for whole Korea!

But: it will be a little bit easier if one factor would be terminated: @realDonaldTrump , the old & senile #NotAPresident & #BigRocketMan 

#IWannaBeAMafiaBoss
I have never been affiliated with any organization my entire LIFE, been terrorized the Last 19 years , the government Lost the control of its own intelligence community, I understand the COMMANDER - IN- Chief promise but the intelligence are Looking at my shrubs on a windy day!
Who wrote that tweet for you, it actually makes sense!
Some people comments are stupid, we did not bomb Syria with nukes, yet we could have, to bomb Korea with an thing but a nuke would be stupid, if we made such a choice we would have no options except take the whole country at once, it's nothibg about being a bully, it's compassion

Уважаемый Дональд Трамп? 
Вы, считаете, что разрушить дом лучше, чем дом построить?!
When that happen, China will lob a few missiles into south korea and blame north.
Jin ping won't like a peaceful korea.
Trump,North Korea young president expose your weaknesses. You bowed to their demands and you couldn't fight them like Syria and Arab world. Mr. Kim gave The cowardly world a lesson that there is no invincible America and in how nations to respect their dignity be4 the great power
Omg that moron could barely read 
@Flotus Please ask Kim Jung-Un to work w/all on climate change, considering scientists say if Arctic ice melts, life on earth in 6 months to few years will be one,  much life now becomes extinct every day. Let him help you realize you have surrounded yourself w/unskilled people.
THE MAJORITY OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HOPE TO SEE THE DAY WHEN THE REPUBLICANS REMEMBER THEIR OATHS AND PROTECT OUR COUNTRY AND PEOPLE BY IMPEACHING THE SO-CALLED POTUS WHO IS DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY AND MORAL OF ALL PEOPLE! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!!!
keep dreaming
I'm so very proud of Donald Trump....
Isn't it amazing when compared to the Korean Penisular situation two years ago? Thank you Trump & Moon Jae-In. 
Whoever doesn't want peace?
Dear splendid President! Really appreciate you saying so but  please don't deceive south korea government's trick they were in league with N.K. Most of south korean have confidence that U.S is strong alliance and best friend at S.K. so please wait little bit until set new&good..

Unfortunately, when you meet Kim, he will deal with a US president who is an ignorant swaggerer and doesn‘t understand the issues. You will try to impress the world by attempting to tear the guy‘s arm off with a handshake, tweet some bullshit, and that‘s it.
It will never happen fat racist pig.
Does he even know where Korea is!!?! Or even the difference between north and south!!!???
BTW, the only "Destiny" you're qualified to talk about is a trashy stripper you paid to have an abortion. You don't even have the foresight to know your "destiny" is a 10x10 cell & a new boyfriend who'd like to chat with you about deporting his entire family. Have fun, dumpy.
If that's your wish, step aside & let someone do the job who hasn't made an enemy out of everyone they've ever met. Except for lacking intelligence, competence, diplomatic skill, preparation, temperament, & credibility, you're perfect. Siri, where's the nearest fallout shelter..?
I would say that based on my ability to properly capitalize and punctuate, probably not.
Great Business and Korean BBQ everywhere. They will all prosper only attention needed by all. Can you imagine in your life time to see such freedom for a suffering people . This could be a wonderment for all. Also a great start. Its about time. Ya think?   The good karma is there
Trumps a dirtbag
Well, stay away from them and they gonna be just fine.
We hope so too, but Trump is creating the opposite here at home so it will be just as hatefully chaotic in Koreas.
Psst... N. Korea's nukes never worked. They feared their regime would topple and wanted to be a world player, that's why they're posturing with launches... A bluff. This is not Trump. This is Kim's legacy over his father's.

Oh for once in your life be honest, that was the first time you'd seen that speech! Body language says it all! Who wrote it, come on fess up?
Bringing the president in as a closer, diplomatic negotiation, this might be an old-school tactic and something new needs to happen, I got ideas
Ill b your first follower. First
Hey, u seem to have a lot of respect for animal Kim Whatever Ung but bomb Syria for breakfast. Is it because Kim can nuke us back while Syria is currently weak? It's what bullies typically do.
I wish you were right Sir.  And I hope you are.  But they've been fighting for thousands of years.  Still I pray.
Trump prefers pressure in his business negotiations. He also tries that as president. He prefers individual agreements between states. That will not work and hurts the US economy. The better way is worldwide coveted goods.
Explain yourself please
