Horrible move. Should've waited for independent international investigation to determine blame in Syria. History of false flag attacks by ISIS scum in Syria dictated caution on your part.
I really hope Russia strikes back at this warmonger act!
اللهم برا وسلاما على سوريا الحبيبه 

اللهم برا وسلاما على سوريا الحبيبه
اللهم برا وسلاما على سوريا الحبيبه
اللهم برا وسلاما على سوريا الحبيبه
اللهم برا وسلاما على سوريا الحبيبه
اللهم برا وسلاما على سوريا الحبيبه
اللهم برا وسلاما على سوريا الحبيبه
اللهم برا وسلاما على سوريا الحبيب
back Obama?
we are ready bitchh. come to the hell 

The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!

Thank you for not making “Red Lines” and being a leader! Thanks to our allies for stepping up also!
About three minutes in he singles out Iran and Russia, which is really what this is about. The US is at risk of losing its unipolar dominance and its unelected power establishment is making desperate maneuvers to quickly topple all nonconforming governments. #globalism
Yes, US attack on Syria is to hurt Russia.  US continued aggression toward Russia on multiple fronts: Syria, Ukraine, Asia-Pacific.  US wants to ultimately topple Putin, appropriate Russia's oil, gas, resources.  This is not just about unipolar dominance, it's more evil.

uhm...you should go to Moscow again
Look at them tiny ass hands!!!!
You need to step down.
I trust your decision Mr. President.
Fire
You realize this won't distract Mueller, right? #wagthedog
So instead of taking in Syrian refugees because it is expensive and a threat, let’s bomb their country...
Hey.. can you not.. do stuff ..anymore ?
Are you prepping Baron now to be a good American & go to war. I’m sure it will be around when he reaches age. Or are you going to teach him how to be a bad American like some draft dodgers I know. It’s you, I’m talking about you
Draft Dodger?   Yup
Save western civilization.. hbu?
Bad idea!! Stop going to war in Syria!!

God bless our troops 
badddddd
Sorry David, we still know you're guilty AF.
Back to sleep liberals, Mattis just announced an end to the Syria  fireworks. Love you Trump, you tweet against Assad and fire a few  warning shots, then go back and work with him to defeat ISIS!! Genius  Main Genius!!

Once again donald Trump is the biggest POS to ever be in the White House.
He is ruining our Country, God help us.
STOP PLEASE
I see Democrats making their comments on here you are disgraceful, this is what leadership looks like not drawling red lines and then being a coward, you can’t use chemical weapons on women and children
Why don't you clean up Puerto Rico and give Flint, Michigan clean water? In America no clean water!!!! Ridiculous! Clean up your own backyard!!!!! Everything you said Hillary would do you are doing!!!!
Idiota! La guerra falla dentro casa tua! Maledetto! STOP WAR! NO WAR! PEACE IN THE WORD!
Fuuuuuuuck yoooooou!
#TrumpResign
#TrumpRussia 
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrumpAdmin
#ImpeachTrumpPence 
#RacistHypocrite
#VoteThemOut 
#BlueWave2018 
#TheResistance
How is it illegal? We have over 2,000 troops on the ground over there, he has a responsibility to protect them from any further attacks & he sure as hell doesn't need your approval to do it.
Yes but most of them might not come home to their families. He doesn’t protect anyone but his supporters like you and himself. You think America is great try again
BTW, he's protecting EVERYONE not just his supp. Unemp 45 yr low, black & Hispanic lowest ever recorded, wom unemp 18 yr low, over 3 mil new jobs, factory's re- opening, bonus, wage inc, lower taxes, for EVERYONE. Look up his accomp bc CNN won't tell u.
Wendy no one cares what you have to say tbh you are the kid who didn’t get picked for kickball it’s okay
Jumped on the anti trump bands wagon to huh.

¿Que verga contigo, cabrón? Por gente como tu, el mundo es mierda, bai.
P.D. Una mexicana, saludos en la qk gringa :3
Donald Trump begins dropping bombs in Syria to try to distract from Pee Pee Tape bombshell
If The GOP  STARTS an investigation on #HILLARYGATE and follow the evidence trail I guarantee the dEMS will be on their mainstream media accomplices in obstructions talking about yes we support Mr. @POTUS  Uncle Trump. Please have mercy

Damn Demon .. You're a bastard .....!
We wouldn’t be here today had it not been for the former, spineless POS in charge!

Butt still hurts?  There’s a new cream out for your condition.  It’s called MAGA!
What da hell is this „MAGA“? When was America Not great? You had the greatest time with Obama. You never had so much respect in the world as with him.
Now, with your twittering Micky Mouse President you won‘t become great, you‘re becoming a freak show. Somewhat bad comedy.

#DONTBOMBSYRIA !! Have you even gone there and seen how much they need love and not war? Peace and not hate! No matter what, you are going to end up killing so Many innocent People. No will win in this. It’s not a game of Nintendo. These are people’s LIVES.
dont care
Do you support President Trump?  Vote and Retweet!!!!
You guys really need new material
Pretty sure if we took IQ tests, you would lose. I can speak without memes
Great job, Mister President. About time we had a President with SPINE and not just Jello
Spine? The man dodged the draft five times and nearly shit himself over a knife attack in Dayton during his campaign. Spine, indeed. Sitting in a chair signing papers while being protected 24/7 is not a spine. 
By the way, tell us about your long military service
Do you feel lucky America? Russia WILL retaliate.  We WILL be hit.  Remember trump supporters, the result is on you.  We are no longer safe.  His Russian collusion game was over when his porn lawyer got raided, so trump has to act like he hates Putin now.  #IMPEACHtrump
I agree with this but it was inevitable. Hillary and Bernie would have done the same thing and you know it
The Syrian gas attack was on the anniversary of trump's first attack that killed innocent civilians.  So.  No.
That gas attack was proven to be false. IT WAS JUST PROPAGANDA
And trump attacked because???
Because he’s a fucking retard. He needs to get his country in order before he can even think about destroying another
Exactly.   But the actions were retaliation against him.  Nothing to do with Hillary or Bernie, if they were POTUS, as they are not moronic man babies.
There is zero proof for any of these alleged gas attacks. Hillary and Bernie are just as bad as trump in my eyes at this point, even though I think Hillary and Bernie would’ve made it worse
got it

SARAH AGAIN-1-3 Receive the teaching from America. Not luxury and expensive is popular, the most important: unique/ Environmental protection/saving cost--per the teaching of Bible-Talented servant Richard Marx - Satisfied (Official Video)-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sOjdusDUzE&list=RD7sOjdusDUzE … urgent waiting!
thank you Trump, thank you America
товарищ Трамп(козырь) всей Россией и Сирией благодарим за успешно проведенные совместные с Сирией учения,под чутким наблюдением России,сараи(цели)и пустыри обстреляны предельно точно.Жертв нет.поздравляем
The US has once again proved that the establishment of democracy in countries is an occasion for aggression and plunder of countries. Trump is a political and military criminal who blackmails the world with nuclear war. He should be impeached

Watch this from @jmartNYT. "There is no Trump doctrine. He's watching TV a great deal, and when he sees images that are very disturbing, he wants to attack. The rest of the time, he's not terribly engaged..." 
You and Putin should ride topless off into the sunset
que asco iug
I did not know that you guys has access to secret information to say no one knows who did this. Vote Democrat if you want to take this country on the path of destruction. Democrats are great at talking and doing absolutely nothing for the people they say they care about
¿Estás loco?
Liars!! Thats not why
#WeLoveOurPresident
Why is it that when Israël slaughters innocent unarmed palestiniens the US work on building a new embassy in the middle of it all instead of fighting for whats right ? #whoispinocchio
Israel kills terrorists like u. and they dont use chemical weapons. war crimes in Israel
@NjoesWayne
#Weak @realDonaldTrump turning his back on his base yet again by following the #Globalist, #NWO, #Kissinger #Swamp Beasts. Might as well start calling himself @HillaryClinton
It's tough to read it loud.
У Вас нет прямых доказательств химической атаки!!! А Вы ракетный удар делаете!!! Вы просто помогаете в Сирии терроризму

This is your best photo yet.
I support
You sound like you're filming an Infomercial. Please get public speaking lessons.
Tell abe to devorce.

Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
@nataliiaort ve la mini conferencia que dio y después me mandas wa
Amen
We pray for peace, and wisdom for our leaders as well as for the leaders of unfriendly nations.

you

دمت گرم حاجی
same
RT @realDonaldTrump 'Animal' Assad is a scapegoat/puppet of Russia (Putin), Iran (Rouhani), & Turkey (Erdogan). These 3 enemies of the #USA are the culprits. YOUR actions should be against Murderous Dictators: Putin, Rouhani, & Erdogan. #USA #WeThePeople #Americans #Constitution
As much as I do believe in what you say, no matter what, I will support whatever final decision @realDonaldTrump makes!
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU did a great job for #America by firing treasonous traitors Comey & McCabe. However, it took YOU too long to fire them. YOU should have fired Rosenstein, Mueller & Wray 6 months ago. This is a big problem: #FireRosenstein, #FireMueller & #FireWray now. #USA

Yo better chill I ain’t tryna get drafted
@JudgeJeanine as usual you nailed it great monologue- Catholic Jim obviously doesn’t follow his faith probably should change his faith Lying Jim Comey
Very persuasive logic !!!! The action underway is for establishing strong detern against production, use, spread of chemical weapon. But he said it isn't for USA's definite presence, hopes ground troops to return home from the region and the territory to seek proper & automomous.
President Trump, not only americans first, but all democratic are with you or with the terror in Syria!
Now A Word From Your Criminal And Chief!
,,
Treason
Maybe you could have Kelly write it in crayon for you the next time at least you could that as an excuse. I would be very happy if someone shows the pee pee tape most of us know it out there. You sick rick

Great speech
Man. For real. Put your nose in your country. Kep it that way.
かーばー
ほーあー
ゆー

CONFIRMED: Trump is deliberately commingling the Syria question with the Russia probe. He asked his attorneys in the Russia investigation what they thought about a military response in Syria. So all the "wag the dog" concerns appear to have been fully justified. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/985232492683816960 …

Here's video of the president lying to the country about whether his attorney traveled to Prague in mid-2016, which he very well knew that he had, and indeed which, we will find, he did at Trump's direction. Per McClatchy, Mueller has evidence of the trip. https://youtu.be/jnKYzoqASsw 
Remove Trump, by impeachment IF there is NO other option!  But OTHER options are preferable if they are quicker, cheaper, more immediate and PERMANENT!  ANYTHING, just put him out of our misery, NOW!!!
You read good.

The whole world thinks you made a big mistake on the basis of a scam
Way to go Me. President .. God bless America
70% disapprove Trump as President.  Probably smae percentage against in elections but hes still there. Ww3 here we come on the back of a puppet and and false attack. Saddam ring bells. No nukes like no chemicals just the elite going after the world.
what a liar! no evidence at all 4 chemical weapon
#FakePOTUS! Every decision you make in the name of America is a CRIME. You will be UNDONE & justice will prevail #MAGA!
I am a very compassionate man but my compassion is reserved only for the innocent......These poor poor people who suffer from the tyranny in Syria from Assad and Putin so much deserve to be helped .... so glad we have helped to stop the murderers producing chemical weapons!
Spot on uncle
+
Thank God for our strong president. We love, love, love you.
Syria has bombed its people  way before last week. Wait were you attempting to change the subject on your Commie crooked relationship with Putin? The porn star and her REAL lawyer kicking your butt and your fixer in court. Your handpick A.G. didn't work did it? LOL
CNN trashed an American Vietnam war hero, Mike Rose, you recently awarded MOH to in a fake news story in 1998. Check out chapter 8 of John Stryker Meyer’s “ Sog Chronicles”. They were doing fake news 20 years ago!
HOW BLIND, GULLIBLE, STUPID UNEDUCATED, OR LAZY CAN
CITIZENS ALLOW THEMSELVES TO BE TO BELIEVE THAT THE USA
IS AGAINST  CHEMICAL WEAPONS WHEN THE USA HAS PROBABLY
THE LARGEST MOST  DEADLY STOCKPILE OF SUCH WEAPONS
IN THE UNIVERSE

What a moron dragging our country to a war we don’t need.
Syrian citizens are still being killed every day
We all wishing a free Syrai
Buuuuuuu
Blablabla
You're a damn BASTARD!
Instead of trying to see a better way to fix things. You set out to attack these poor people who are suffering, killing civilians, children, babies. 
How I would like to see your grandchildren and your children in this way. So you know what it feels like.
ya waste my tax $$$$$ on mid east scum...........great job pinhead
Put some clips from global media.
Give them nothing, but take from them EVERYTHING!!!!
Russia is trying to take over Syria and no better way than to have America do the work for them.we clear it they'll keep it for themselves. We never keep land after war. Russia loves this idea.
Скоро вас разбомбит РОССИЯ.... Лови ракету бум

حاج تضخيم للموضوع كل القصة قصفو كم مبنى فارغ ما بتعادل خسارة الاسد ثمن صاروخ من الصواريخ اللي انضربت ... نتفهم موقف الغرب -وليسوا طرفا في النزاع- لن يقلبوا  الموازيين في سوريا  و على السوريين تقع المسؤولية ؛ لهم خطوطهم الحمر و يعاقبوا من يتجاوزها فقط .
#Syrian #سوريا
hola pinche putita
أشهد انه يعرف يحكي
This is will not be ‘World War 3’ as some of you say, it is a continuation of the Syrian War.

Trump is completely mad and drawing America in to another failed illegal false flag operation. 

Mr.President 
PeaceisBetter
Do not forget that you believe in God 
who Peace
GO.  TRUMP 
"Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the 'PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR'"
Allah bless you sir...

WATCH: @sethdoane is the only U.S. network reporter on the ground in Syria. He shows us the damage to one of the missile targets later tonight on the #CBSWeekendNews #CBSEveningNews 
you should SERIOUSLY back off the fake spray tan stuff .. you look like an ommpa loompa ...

Thanks, President Trump , France& England for standing tall against evil leaders in Syria. God protect all troops fighting against evil men that gas children. Korean DMZ 32nd Infantry 1963.

Wonderful
I would never listen to you speak. Your voice makes me sick to my stomach. #Mafia in the #WhiteHouse. #LockHimUp

We do need to see more evidence for the regime’s use of chemical weapon. But we all know Assad is as bad as Xi, Putin and KimJongUn. If we let them keep going, not only more civilians in those country will be tortured, the interest and safety of American will be in peril.
trouble is,it was chemicals build in Germany (I am german),and there  are  too many other ppl and reasons than assad to order this  attack:white  helmets being funded by Al Quaida,Syriah having lots of gas/oil resources,kurdish ppl living there(so Erdogan has interest in destabil
Truth will not make American rich, but certainly free American without Islam.
Lol boy
How about Korean PIG ?
You cannot even address the nation without reading. Your handlers are afraid you will go off script with your stupid remarks.

R
querian votar por donald trump ahi esta su resuladode querer dejar de ver inmigrantes en su pais, espero se jodan
Ma la finisci de “Cacacce er cazzo!!!”

SB
Protect the innocent. We love you Donal Trump. 
Blow me.
Donde caiga un misil en latinoamrica te partimos la madre >:v
Fox news is trash
All news with opinions is trash
(a lot)
#Adulterer
Your response to the American people is classy AF. #ImpeachTrumpNow #ToddlerinChief

Пидарас и гопник
what do you think of this？
#MorallyUnfit
President Trump, stand strong and proud! Don’t let every stone they cast, hurt you! We, your strong supporters ,stand ever so proudly behind you! Just keep your strong, tough, alligator skin on! May God bless you, your family and staff!
Скоро вас разбомбит РОССИЯ.... Лови ракету бум....
Wagging the Donald Dog with chemical false flag tail.
ALWAYS BETTER FRIENDSHIP AND BUSINESS THAN WARs!
