Glad the year is right this time. 
Mrs Bush always had our respect, despite any political differences, unlike the current disgraceful and unfit admin.
yes the bush family only helped bring down the twin towers killing and wounding thousands thats no big deal at all you are right trump ( maybe ) sleeping with a porn star is much worse
A conspiracy theory lover, eh? That’s one battle that can NEVER be won, as you believe in Pizzagate and the underground lizard people also. So reason and common sense never enter into the equation.
no i was their they found trace thermite everywhere and any one that thinks a aluminum air plane can bring down a steel building wrapped in cement is a dumb ass the empire state building still stands after being hit full speed from a b 25 bomber lol but the stronger towers fell
You were there? I’m sorry you had that trauma. How horrific. However, I do not believe our own government instigated and carried that out.
3/3 all set up or let happen by our so called government these are just men no better there are many more cases stated with those you will see
Ok, thanks

I find it inexcusable that people replying to this thread and other, that the people in this country can’t knock off the hateful comments during this time of mourning, take a holiday and show some respect for a change! Be a real adult!
AS SOON AS WE GET AN ADULT BACK IN OUR WHITE HOUSE
Ima just leave this here.

Bc we HAVE an adult in the WH who doesn't operate on a two-tiered justice system

Tysm, President Trump, God Bless You and God Bless America.
FEDS DROP BOMBSHELL: Comey & Lynch Colluded with Clinton Campaign to Entrap, Wiretap Trump; Illegal Scheme Involved Entire U.S Intel Community https://truepundit.com/feds-drop-bombshell-comey-illegal-scheme-involved-entire-u-s-intel-community/ …
I know, I know, you've never heard of TruePundit...

Welp, you have now & you can see they report Truth, hours ahead of others.

https://saraacarter.com/breaking-lawmakers-make-criminal-referral-on-clinton-comey-lynch-to-doj-on-steele-dossier/ …
Confirmed by second source

What a great time to be alive!
What we’ve been waiting for ! Finally a sign of Justice, Sara Carter has been working this story for months, she is on Hannity a lot, with the breaking stories that have come out on this already
RIP Barbara Bush. My Prayers and Condolences are with The Bush Family.
it's been at that height since Obama got elected...
Was it also flown at half-staff on April 17, 2017?
Ye who is without sin,  cast the first stone.    I guess you've never made a mistake in your life,  never made a typo ever! 
Pathetic.  Let it go.
Never an original thought from a trumpanzee.
Yes, a quote from the Bible is an original thought.   You resort to name calling.  I'm proud to be a President Trump supporter.
What a sad excuse for a human being.
Actually,  I'm a very happy person.   Bless your heart.
Ignorance is bliss.
Yup,  straight up happiness
You used the word""staff"". The correct...word is." mast". " our flag" ..the flag at the.....w.h. Is flying at half..mast..... sincere condolences to the bush family, at this time of lose.
I don't think that's correct, mast is on a vessel, a ship's flag is at half mast.
yes half mast on a ship and half staff on land
You are correct..staff..moses had one apparently.kindest regards.r.
The post is about Barbara Bush and the Whitehouse showing respect. Its fair to mention the current occupant shamed and name called and took personal shots at the First Lady's Family over and over.  Barbara Bush was a fierce defender of her family and had a very strong memory.
Saw it last night.

I m For World Don't Mind American And White House United God Bless you American Availability
Flag at President Trump's Mar-a-Lago Wasn't Flying at Half-Staff for Barbara Bush
taking since he calls it the "winter white house" and hosts state leaders at his golf resort, the day she passed he was in FL
What a beautiful thing to do for her.
WHAT ? The flag is always flown at half mast for a dignitary.He didn't do this on his own. And she was a great lady.
What was your point? 
Geez, even a good thing has to be put down.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2042031292556581&id=346937065399354 …
https://twitter.com/RealAlexJones 
HI
Dan, I think facebook is limiting your posts, just as they did with @DiamondandSilk I used to get notifications from you all the time, now I never do.
Mrs Bush's funeral is this Saturday, read where @FLOTUS will attend. Why isn't @realDonaldTrump attending?  Scheduling conflict with his 9 Iron and a beautiful piece of Chocolate Cake or a piece of something else?    #Shameful
The only shameful thing I can see are you adults in the United States of America that have absolutely no respect whatsoever. One day you all are going to feel that shame. I will keep praying for you all to open your eyes and most of all your hearts.
may she burn in hell #911wewontforget
May she R.I.P.!!  DianeMG
Is that half? Looks like 1/3 staff. This White House can't do anything right.
请关注南京强吃钱旺集团事件，注册地在四川，办公在上海，企业法人被南京警方自首，南京警方强制关停了集团旗下公司，还上门强制老百姓报案，拦访截访，殴打上访群众，上央视13诋毁企业，控制舆论，不断删帖删除企业以前的宣传报道。还抓了很多老百姓拍忏悔视频，弄得人心惶惶
May her soul rest in peace, and I pray she will not miss the mercy of the kingdom of God.
Her husband was a #WarCriminal 
#truth
War criminal? Please explain.

Been there. Makes me cry to see our President in front of Lincoln Memorial.
I'm glad the wretch is gone. When is the truth about the Bush crime family going to finally be told to the American people? Skull & Bones, CIA, murder, drug running, real estate fraud, bank fraud, 9/11, etc...
Enough already, tell the truth & shame the devil!
Prayers that God comforts her family, as He welcomes her home.
So white and beautiful. The WH.
But NOT at Mar Lago!
Very appropriate for a great First Lady.
We see it in our town in the Midwest...some are slow to do it....but, it is happening.....folks are telling them incase they didn't know.....What an Awesome Tribute.
God Bless Barbara Bush and George H.W. Bush
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=158025261560524&id=100020591523247 …
Looking forward to the day when it's at half mast for the current White House occupant.
Yet not an Mar-a-Lago...
Denmark and Norway have excellent healthcare and spends approximately a little more than 50% per head than US. So get this: Something had to be done to a system giving way to much buck for the bang. DJT is the MAN. Please let DJT fix the broken system. KAG
Barbara Bush deserves our respect for the things she accomplished but under the current administration it is a bit hypocritic to fly flags at the Whitehouse half staff. All flagpoles in America will have to be lengthened to fly at 150% with Trump's passing.
I liked Barbra but George was always a pill. Please remind the President of my bid on Walkers Point!

A real First Lady with integrity, toughness, promoted reading and learning. Something the current individuals in the White House lack. Mafia Don.

"I FEEL LIKE DAVID HOGG"

#DavidHogg #Qanon #2A #2ndamendment #NRA @nratv @NRA 
Honesty, loyalty.
It's flying at half-staff at my house too for the same reason.
HELO
America has lost a faithful and dutiful servant.  Look to the heavens and you will find Mrs. Barbara Bush. My prayers and well wishes go to their family at this moment of sorrow. She will take her place above and smile down upon all of us with love, compassion, and kindness.
https://twitter.com/pannlewis44/status/986737985478643713?s=21 …
What r u taking responsibility for that too?
You forgot to call Mar a Lago this morning.

May she R.I.P. , and prayers for the entire family 

Rest in Power mama
The picture is crooked...much like the current resident of The White House
Former First Lady Barbara Bush was the best! She will be missed.
It won’t fly half staff when this embarrassing First Lady passes as she is showing American woman should allow their husbands to embarrass all woman who are mentally abused.
Barbara and George,  American hero's.
 Manarola, Cinque Terre, Italy 
Thank You Mr. President!!
John 8:7, viz. “He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone."
@realDonaldTrump #MAGA #QAnon
Where's the half staff for these people murdered
Ms. Bush hated Trump and everything he represents.  She was also an excellent judge of character.
كل عام وايزيديين بالف خير
She deserved it. She was one of the greatest first ladies.

I spent the better half of the day driving around and lowering the National Ensign to half staff at all places of business to include county and city government buildings. I would go inside and ask if I could do them a favor and lower their flags for them. Some said yea some.....
Some said they had to check with h someone. I told them to check but I was lowering the flag to half staff. I then informed them that it is to be flown at half staff until sunset this Saturday.  Busy day but worth it!
Hhhhhh
Congratulations - you got the date right this time, Skippy!
This is the only thing this corrupt joke of a White House has gotten right so far.



My Heartfelt Prayers are for the Family...Barbara Bush was a Great Lady , First Lady, Gracious, & Wife, Mother, Grandmother,
To bad the flags outside shit a largo where not lowered as well



Trump flies American Flag at half mast in respect for Barbara Bush ....a person who once said she couldn’t understand why any women would vote for Trump. President Trump...a man amongst men 
He's able to put politics aside because he wasn't spawned in the swamp! Agree or disagree she was a fine human being.
woman of dignity and valour


God bless the Bush family
So happy shes gone.
She was always a grand lady.  I always loved how she loved her family and herself. She taught me a lot about self confidence.
God bless her
Got the date right
Except at Mar A Largo
Wrong flag. Should have same 3 colors w no stars.
. @Scavino45 @WhiteHouse But not at  Mar-A-Loco?
Ooo amerikan bayragı büyük olsun

I was again mocked ... I'm a freak ...: - (((I complained to Moscow that they are laughing at me .. they are all mocking me and they are hurling me ... and I'm complaining because I am the president of great America ... 
Did they finally get it lowered at the tax payer funded golf course in Florida?
Prayers for the Bush family. Barbara RIP
So #cheeto #CadetBoneSpurs wouldn’t make the decision to fly the flag half staff? He only retweet’s someone else’s order.
April 17, 2017. #Idiots
Yes we know.   Did you just find out?
At least they got this right.
Wait I thought she passed away in 2017?   Isn’t that what the official WH notification said?
Super. You should leave it at half-staff in loving memory of our democracy.
Before I am dead I need an answer, why I was shorted out and prohibited to Wynn Casino by the SLAVES OF GORILLA  When I questioned fixing the tournaments game at the WYNN Casino, why I am been prevented from a game which is legal by lies and treason, the Crimes
 hermosa la "Casa Blanca"
But @WhiteHouse said she died a year ago
The First Lady was a wonderful women and mother, and will be sad.y missed, RIP Barbara.

Very nice. It’s not at half staff at Mar a Lago. Maybe someone missed a memo?
R.I.P. MRS. BUSH
Congratulations for getting the date right.
I thought she died on April 17, 2017.
Wow! Decency from this Whitehouse? Amazing!
Let's be honest for a moment: Barbara Bush produced and raised two imbeciles, one of whose short-sighted, feeble-minded and fundamentally corrupt decisions set our nation's trajectory into an abyss. Without her, who knows how much better off we'd be today.  #Iraq #2008Crisis
yes, dan, low energy jeb is thankful.
The world has lost a great woman. We would do well to remember that.
Why do you have to tweet that?
the bush family lives incredibly long lives. 

he 84yrs old when most ppl died btwn in those days died btwn40 & 60. 

if u research the family u will find incredible stuff.
*was
How about at mar a Lago ?
Guess the “winter White House” isn’t?
How sad is it that even something this simple as a statement I still have to question if it’s accurate coming from this corrupt admin. There are live web cams right?
R u sure it isn’t April 18, 2017
Can you show us the photo where they forgot about it at the "southern white house"?
there was a piece of meat.
It is nice that Trump is respecting Mrs. Bush.  Too bad that her family can’t show the same respect to him
Trump had not shown respect to the Bush Family. Frankly trump is disrespectful to the majority. 
The flag at half mast is not Donald’s doing.

She found you disgusting.
This must be from a year ago.
President Trump you always step up. And you were handed a plate full by an idiot "Leading from behind" Biggest BS I've ever heard.
God Bless you Barbara Bush, a true Texan through and through, Rest In Peace, I am sure you will still be reading to the children in Heaven.

Yeah. We know.
BUT NOT AT MARO SWAMPO
Half-staff at Mar-a-Crapo?
This is at least loser donald could do!  After he lied so much about Barbaras sons
I find that surprising after how HORRIBLE #Trump has been to the #Bush family....

Obviously it should be at 1/2 staff but I’m surprised he did it.... must have been ordered by John Kelly wonder if he will rescind the order in a few hours or AM like he did with #RussianSanctions
You can hate people but still be respectful to the passed.
Yes we can but can Trump?  He has not had a good track record of holding himself together under ANY CIRCUMSTANCES so why would this be different? He declared his hatred of the Bush family on several occasions previously.... my money is on John Kelly lowering that flag
And the Bush family has declared that they didn't like Trump also.
Very true along with almost all other respected political & philanthropic families  in America and umm Earth  but hey NOT important to @FoxNews Or @realDonaldTrump because they enjoy spreading #AlternativeFacts but hey.... not my business 
yea ""Alternative facts"" totally not the truth.
Haven't been to the U.S. Post office today (Texas), but just guessing i'm sure the Flag is at half-staff as well. 
Should be.

AR!
Ahhh.... remember when we had a respectable First Lady?  She will surely be missed .
Have you done it at Mar-a-Lago? Cuz it wasn’t at half staff this morning 
At least you got the date correct. Congrats
FIRTS LADY .WIFE & MAMA ALL WORLD SAY  REST PEACE

RIP Mrs Bush. And thank you for reading to our children ...At least they understood what you were reading. May you rest in the arms of Angels
This demonstrates class and respect.  Well done, POTUS!
Lol. He didn't write the tribute and flags are lowered by the military. No credit to him at all

Amen!  
But not at the tax payers funded golf resort.
i hope nobody will ever remind me of you. please not! let me forget you for ever. thx
It should also be flown at half-staff to mourn the death of decent leadership & America's standing in the world under Corrupt Donald Trump.  RIP, Mrs. Bush.

Meh
Thanks for kind information.  What are you Sean Hannity now?
