#Resist #Impeach #GunControlNow #NeverAgain #votethemout #MarchForOurLives #LockHimUp
You. Are. Full. Of. Sh!t. #Spanky #Sad #IdiotInChief #TrumpLies #Buffoon #Racist #DraftDodger
LEGALIZE THE MARIHUANA
اللعنه عليك يا خنزير
#Resist #Impeach #GunControlNow #NeverAgain #votethemout #MarchForOurLives #LockHimUp
Our California National Guard isn’t your set of army men toys, to take and play with when you need a distraction.
https://youtu.be/Mb02gJw5QXs  Mr trump it's my birthday
Yay!!!! God bless you and all trump supporters
Gov Brown is selling out his citizens
Sorry. I’m confused.
https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/942789739211522049 … #TrumpSexProbe
@realDonaldTrump Discusses His Baby Daughter's legs and breasts (1994)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3p9mWlCJHBs …
#PervertTrump  #FireHannity   #FireHannityNow
Pence/ Haley 2020
So California citizens are paying State funded troops to do nothing... ?
That would piss me off in a bigly way!

#California
So you're implying that most of the crime is committed by those that cross the border?
Well them and blacks
Release your taxes Donald...we've been waiting 3 years now
#TrumpTaxScam 
#ImpeachTrump
Vivekananda Memorial is built by Eknath Ranade of @RSSorg please visit it at Kanyakumari,


Unlike your disastrous tax scam and budget, Ca lives within our means. BTW border security is not a problem. Lowest #of illegal crossings and detentions in decades. As you know a wall stretches from the Pacific Ocean to the AZ border and beyond. A bigly wall you dotard.
Really your state is near bankruptcy
Fact check! You are 100% wrong. Multi billion surplus 4th straight year.  We support a half dozen red net loss states too. Ca has 7th largest economy on Earth. Try some education and immagration and your state can prosper too.
I have a college education and my state has plenty of immigration. If your state is so wonderful why are they begging for federal money?Also They are moving to my state in large numbers and trying to turn it into little California.
We are a net surplus state. One of the few. You have no IDEA what you are talking about. What state are you from? Is it a net surplus state? That means does it pay more in fed taxes than it receives from the feds?
Here’s some facts California has a C-national ranking in education, a D+ in infrastructure 50th on the quality of life, 45th on air quality and have the highest gas and income tax rate in the nation. If we have so much money, where is it going?
https://www.mercurynews.com/2017/11/13/roadshow-where-will-money-from-new-gas-tax-go/ …

No doubt we have problems to fix. Fortunately we are working on it. The real estate collapse hurt us worse than most. I agree the school thing is atrocious. Roads getting much better and with new gas tax mandates will be great soon.
2 Corinthians 5:17
Therefore, if anyone is in #Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; #behold, all things have become new.
GOVERNOR BROWN IS A RADICAL AND IS DOING ILLEGAL THINGS!!!
THEY NEED TO ARREST THIS MAN FOR TREASON. HE IS NOT ALLOWED TO DO THIS. CENSURE HIM!
Is there a way we can start a campaign to shut down YourVoice America? Cause this Joey person/bot is starting to get on my fraking nerves with his stupid ass tweets!
I report all these tools as either spam promoters or for offensive content, and then I block. There are about 4-5 bots that are always #1-2 in the comments.  Makes me happy to have their nonsense blocked.
Oh believe me my blocking has been on OT lately
Cancer of the stomach is a cancerous tumour that usually develops in the lining of the stomach wall. It may spread rapidly around the body. Certain foods, smoking and a high alcohol intake are risk factors....
Please bring your comedy show to California and do a rally. It would be hilarious, big orange buffoon
Love @JerryBrownGov .keep California real.
America needs a normal president.
@Govjerrybrown thank you for caring about the immigrants & stepping up to RACIST trump
I wonder when you stop talking shits on Twitter
Don't pay California money for something they should be honored to do.
California pays the Fed, idiot, not the other way around. They give WAY more than they receive.

Maybe they should stop?
This is a muscle disorder that causes widespread muscle pain, aching, stiffness and fatigue associated with muscle tenderness....
Know it's causes and treatment here 
This disease can also develop later in childhood as a result of tumour or an infection “Meningitis”. In this case there may be no enlargement of head. Instead the pressure of fluid on ....
I think Jerry Brown should be arrested & charged for attempting to overthrow the US federal government. He’s been disobeying you & this calls for him to be labeled a domestic terrorist & an enemy of the US
GITMO candidate
There are so many brainwashed people in your mentions. SAD!
Throw his ass in jail and send in the troops to occupy San Francisco and LA!!!!  Enough is enough!!!!
LoL for nothing....I love this honesty.
Jerry Brown the entire CA. Legislature & state AG need to be charged with sedition.
Can you read?
 

Why isn't this ever mentioned on MSM? Horrific!
It was, and then it was buried.
What’s the point in sending CA National Guard troops to the border to be over-ruled by ICE? You’re just punishing California for not knuckling under to you. CA sends far more tax dollars to the federal coffers than they receive in return. They don’t need you to pay for anything.
The California National Guard could make coffee and do everyone's laundry......
YOU so stupid Trump you got a civil war started YOU GOT a trade war going when everything WE buy made in all these foreign countries you putting a tariff on you making us pay more foodoh agm clothing everything because WE don't even make the baseball that we play out favorite gam
YOU got republicans in yo pocket THE Senate didn't investigate the Russian deal wouldn't supenia nobody because they know you guilty you fall they fall and the elections will verify that you and YO party just barely won in the election the other day and the Democrat still runnin
PRESIDENT TRUMP what do you think JERRY BROWN IS TAKING ORDERS FROM THE DRUG CARTEL??? DRUG CARTEL TELLS JERRY KEEP THE BORDER OPEN WE HAVE A SHIPMENT GOING TO. LA
Jerry Brown wants to ban the Bible in California.He also aplearently wants to ban Christian Material.He will find out he's not a god by God
Beware of doing away with Bibles in your state Evil will surcome your state !!
Their actual authorities will be light, so light it will be a waste of their time.  Didn't you know that, Mr. P.?
Not allowing the man you promoted to head the veterans Mr Jackson he's not qualified yo having revenge against Tester ain't gonna work WE electing all democrats starting this year not the ones with no qualifications ya heard and yo Whitehouse has no full staff
Governor Moonbeam is a disgrace and needs to be removed from office and charged with sedtion and reckless behavior that is endangering U.S. Citizens and undermining the U.S. Constitution and the civil rights of millions of Americans! He has done nothing beneficial to California!
Go after California with a vengeance ! It’s a hellhole of crime and lawlessness.
Do you live here?
Cali also has 8 of the ten most polluted cities in the US..
Do you know why? 
CA is as large & populated as some small countries. And, we have some of the most diverse industry-tech. agri. etc., and car pollution. Now, bc of our regs. on emissions, which trump wants to remove, the air quality has improved by half!
So, get over it.
This entire argument is flawed, no one is stopping CA from regulating it's own emissions, that is the point of what is happening at the EPA.  They are giving more legislative power back to the states to regulate what is in their best interest....Stop with the lies...
“It is in America's best interest to have a national standard, and we look forward to partnering with all states, including California, as we work to finalize that standard,” said Administrator Pruitt.”
Try reading instead of listening to fox
But Can Cali put on it's own regs or not? Try reading before you post and stop watching MSNBC.
Are you dense?
Jerry Brown needs Not to be elected ! Let these immi live in you house !!
Mike Cohen knows where all the bodies ARE yo unpaid taxes, money deals in foreign countries collusion money laundering you traitor YOU going down impeachment and jail I will love to see them arrest YO Ass AT the white house oh happy day
Mr president that animal Michelle wolfs must take out of the white house she had no right to criticase u n Sara n conway she is a discrase to human tase n also some one put her on carwash from all the greek community in astoria New York we love u mr president hv a good day

Flint, MI Still Without Clean Water https://youtu.be/KaRISGbibF0  help
I guess it's good that California has billions in surplus thanks to Gov Brown, huh? So... Gov Brown with billions in surplus vs. you and your multiple bankruptcies... hmmm, who is the better business man? I bet Gov Brown gives zero Fs about you or your temper tantrums.
Why do you hate use brown people?
@JerryBrownGov needs to be removed! No Sanctuary! NO ASYLUM! Please step in. San Diego and California can't afford anymore handouts. We have a homeless epidemic and just had a Hep A outbreak. Let's help us 1st, then save the rest of the world. #AmericaFirst #AmericansFirst #MAGA
Mr President you have all the authority you need to start doing a few executive orders towards illegals who are coming to invade us which is an act of war. That is how we got Nobama care shoved down our throats so why not use that same power?
YOU ain't trying to change government you going against all the rules of law and the constitution and DOJ and for that you are going down you not above the laws and the law IS going to get you go Muller go you fire him you still going down THE law is the law fool
That is why his state is bankrupt!! And full of criminal illegals!! Does not really care as long as they get the votes!
But we are going to pay for your ridiculous military parade that no one wants.
But we continue to pay for your golfing charade... #TrumpCrimeFamily
Oh and Obama didn’t play golf? He spent more time on the golf course than any other President.
Yeah right, MoscowBot! 
I think there are more crimes committed in the Oval Office in one day than there are in the state of California in a week.

LOCK THEM UP! 
There was for 8 years. Thank God we have an American loving President to bust up the 8 year long deep state crime ring.
How many lawyers did Obama need in 8 year?  

Simple question: answer it.
He didn't need any because he had a crooked DOJ and Attorney General protecting his criminal behavior.
Predictably stupid answer from a #MAGA dotard.  

Next question: How many women filed sexual harassment suits against Barack Obama in his entire life?
If you really cared about what women go through you need to read this.
As for caring about women, I will NEVER take a lead from the far right.  Your side has basically been a disaster for women’s rights.  Your side has become the American taliban with respect to the rights of anyone who is not male and white. 

So thanks, Richie, but no thanks. 
Far right? Wow! I must have hit a nerve.
Yo clueless...your stupidity is glowing out of your hat...are you maxine's son ???
Crime enough? Look in the mirror
I MIGHT WANNA WORRY MORE ABOUT THIS #MichaelCohenRaid @WSJ ARTICLE.... 
RATHER THAN GOVERNOR JERRY BROWN @JerryBrownGov 
WALL RIGHT NOW ...
WALLS CAN BE BUILT AND TAKEN DOWN .. 
“RAT”  TESTIMONIES... NOT SO MUCH !!! “CAN’T”

GOOD DAY .... SIR
Do you truly not know what is happening or just being facetious?
#IgnoranceIsBliss
The crime rate you imagine and talk about is facricated. Deploying guards or building a wall will do ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to prevent crime!
Really stopping an influx of drugs, guns, human traffickers, gangs and illegal immigrants won’t help prevent crime? What will? Maybe hold hands and sing songs? NO! Build the Wall build it NOW!
Amen to that
Does the truth ever come out of your mouth?
Build the wall

You're right don't pay California and Governor Brown for the deployment of troops that will not do anything. Brown is playing a dangerous game. California you need to vote out this sociopath who is making your streets filthy and dangerous.
#donnieisadick
Send army! Protect our border! That is the feds job. Protect the US like you defend other countries. With US military.
Where are your facts?
I live 20 minutes from the border and last year we were the 6th safest city in America 
I know you’ll control everything already see the swamp creatures leaning your way congratulations I knew you’d win that may have been the hardest test for you I hope it gets easier for you, be safe.
How's your morning going?
How about focus on the crime rate by trying to control and eliminate current/domestic/established crime. New incoming crime is the least of our worries. Not to mention the fact that our law enforcement needs training.
They can't do anything but stand there. Your attempt to use them for vanity purposes is abhorrent and disrespectful to out National Guard.
Dear president,you should achive your words and build a good relationship with China.
Have him arrested for aiding and abetting, accomplice to a known crime.
Governor Brown doesn’t want to part of your gestapo dotard.
I like that California will or should be broken up! 3 states sounds good.
For the love of god, stop talking. Stop acting like a 5yr old.
DEFUND!  Lock these criminals UP!
Yeah but let's be honest. No one actually expects Jerry Brown to effectively lead anything!
Hahaha my azz
There should be a reward for illegals. Get them out of our country. That’s right OUR COUNTRY not theirs.
We need you to shut your pie hole and start listening to decent advisors like matis.
Fool
https://youtu.be/lQpMlA45V-8  

Against people like this traitor jerk that tricked (not the right) feelings police into voting for him preying on US’s weaknesses as in feelings and bull crap that leads to having footprints on their backs
Let him keep the Guard. Otherwise he may use them to arrest Border Agents.
President Trump show that CA Dem dweeb that you arent playing, send 2500+ US Army & Marines with tanks from Camp Pendleton & Joint Base Lewis McCord send them in convoy threw OR too to Show the OR Dem dweeb here too. Convoy will the prove point nicely!
PLEASE @realDonaldTrump HELP US IN CA!!
Move if you don't like it here.
He is an idiot!
Ur the boss do something!  Federal Government trumps State!  Sorry for the pun!

#MAGA
That isn't how are union is actually created. Please review states rights laws. Or how/why the "united" states was formed.
only reason brown is still gov is because illegals and dead people run this state.
Calif pays 20% more in Federal taxes than we get back in subsidies. One of the few states to do this.
Oh shut up.
They wouldn’t DESERVE to be belittled if they followed the law!
Have the GAO go over his submitted expenses and demand receipts.
So Jerry is giving them a paid vacation?? He sure knows how to spend money. Maybe he should hand out the Opioids that Mexico brings in.
Another Fake story from POTUS
Liar liar pants on.....
Golf, anyone?
There are great products for bags
If he refuses again, stop all NG funding to the state, and remove all Federally owned equipment.
Tick tock
Have you nothing better to do, Peckerwood?
All that Brown wants is open borders and help illegals, they get free education,free insurance,free housing and free everything!
If other lib or brainless Gavin Newsom becomes governor, it’ll be fucking worse!
#WakeUpCA #VOTE and kick the libs out of office!!
You’re going to prison 
Jerry Brown is a disgrace for the American people! He should go to another country since he doesn't stand up for the American people in USA!
You really won't be happy until you can deploy "the Troomps", will you?
The Federal Government is only paying for YOUR charade.
So another words he is going to waste more taxpayers money deploying troops he has ordered to stand down. Lovely . I hate JerryChromeDomeBrown. 
 #ImpeachJerryBrown.. 
Or arrest for obstructing the Federal Government..
I think you meant “in other words” 
So you're not gonna pay California's National Guard?  You don't pay taxes either
My home state of Texas is deploying its National Guard with the same restrictions as California.  Where is your tweet about that? #hypocrisy
Sadly, not sarcasm.

Just another LYING politician
@JTM_YVA Laws mean nothing to Democrats! Ha” Remember when Jerry Brown was going to make the Dairy Farms buy a machine that would catch Cow Farts! It was bad for environment.Ha”  You can’t make it up?
Tax payers will not be funding Trumps Charade of a wall that Trump promised Mexico would pay for.  If trump wants troops on the border Trump should pay for troops on the border or have Mexico pay
CA is too busy generating the welfare checks so your Rust Belt white trash army can keep the needles in their arms, thanks
Idiot
That's your job. To protect us from terror, domestic and foreign. Oh I forgot, they're fine people on the domestic side. No wonder we don't investigate domestic terror. They're your boots on the ground?
Just like the rest of California collecting a check and not working.
But the anchor baby factory at trump tower is open for business !!!RUSSIANS IF YOU ARE PREGNANT AND HAVE MONEY , we have a ROOM-FOR YOU !! And is is tip tap , tip tap shape !!! No fire prof , because is to expensive but in very good tip tap tip tap shape ,made u reservations !!
Are you drunk?
Cut federal funding to sanctuary cities in Mexifornia and build the wall!
Lets be real, California provides 90% of that budget, lol
You know nothing about California.
I think I'll be telling you a lot today, sir. Respectfully, though. I am not a YesMan, but someone who wanted to join the Army/Marines. Sir, that was your idea. They are there to enforce international security, but we have to name these terms a Californian way, w/ CA resources.
We need good health care.  Safe roads and bridges not walls
You're so full of shit.
put them under Marshall Law, send in the Marines, the power of your Pen is Mighty strong
That's cute
They could serve on the Johnny detail
Take all the money away from @JerryBrownGov and the atrocious @casendems that you can! Until they decide to represent the LEGAL U.S. CITIZENS of the #californianightmare they don't deserve a dime! We appreciate your support in our plight get California back!
Brown pretends to care for the illegals, not so. tent cities thru out Cali. these people live in squalor, Brown wants there vote, so he will waste million in tax dollars placing guards at the border to ensure them safe passage. wake up people and remove that traitor.
https://boycottyucatan.blogspot.com 
Still sleeping
We need a president who's a leader not a follower a uniter not a divider. Basically someone other then Trump.
Hate vs NATO is paying, ISIS is crumbling, NKorea is talking, Russia is getting crushed in the energy game and China is trying new calculus with variables not constants... Corp tax reform (1st since '47) is bringing back billions some in your pocket. Which 1 do you hate the most?
Corporate tax reform doesn't help me a bit. Especially when most corps are buying back stock. Wow my paycheck went down  $8.50 I'd rather have a little more hire tax , have a president who protects it's people from Russian hackers. Who doesn't lie all the time. #Bluewavesacomin
I'll Mark you down for that one... do you need me to send ya the $8.50?

This is from Hollywood and this is for you, trump. Oh, and stay the fuckout of Ca.
If you thought he would comply you are a tad naive 
Stop making shit up to appeal to your base.
I salute California.  One of the largest economyies in the world.  It has issues, true enough BUT they PROGRESS more than you who REGRESSES, in my opinion.
No state, none, zip, should be sending troops to the border. NONE.
Wait a minute here, just a couple of weeks ago it was YOU saying you wanted the guard deployed! What's changed so you can pick on CA?
Governor Jerry Brown is a joke but that seems to be what Californians want do nothing no good let’s let all the criminals in to California Governor
Gov Brown has more social and political sense in his little finger than you'll ever have. You must be jealous of him.
YAY for gov. Brown
The sad part is people believe your bs
Yes and sadder that you have a small everything starting with your following
Tried 2 use multi-lenguals to figure ur message... whatever you tried to communicate. Translate pls.
You’ll pay for it and you’ll like it.
And we need a President who actually knows what he or she is doing, which isn’t you, Fragile Donny.
Our President is doing a great job! Everyone should support him!
Someone opened the gate at the bot asylum.
Mr, President, you r right do what is better for Americans,  we are with you May almighty God and his son  bless u and protect u from  devil ,
Why do you have such a hard on for @jerrybrown?  You are acting like you have a crush on him or something. You look desperate. Calm down.
We need you to disappear
I know that ms13 is highly organized and supported by some Cartels. I wonder if they have their fingers in the California Government?
I don’t get this nonsense. California passed Prop 187 in the 90s to limit funds to illegal aliens. The federal govt told us it was illegal, and immigration is not a state’s job. So what should we do now, federal govt? You got us boxed in.
What does the Gov. want them to do, play Pinochle?
let them clean toilets then...  I know it's not right to punish our national guard; but moonbeam's playing a game (or too doped on MJ); so IF they're going to get federal funds to do nothing; then let them do a job fit for californians.   (from a former californian)
Every time you're worried, you look for some one or some place else to blame or demonize. It's really immature and transparent. We see your patterns and they're wearing thin.

We need a wall.
Totalmente fuera de tema y de contexto, yo tengo una duda porque iniciar guerras de ficción contra países débiles, pobres y que no han echo un dañó vistoso al tuyo, todos los crímenes que an cometido en tu nación antes an sido pagados y condenados por tus leyes y normas, encerio.
Sure glad we have a common sense governor here in Ca!  He understands your immigration plan is a waste of my hard earned tax dollars!
Thats bc Brown's immg plan is toTAKE all your dollars+taxes and slave citizens to FULLY take care of them, (& Brown/Pelosi ilk shmooz- ers) not us. U work, they get gold standard priority in all THEY want. Check out Venezuelan citizens. We R Next if Dem.mental midgets lead.
Huh!!!
You need to get the Republicans to investigate Ron Wyden the man is in office illegally he should have never been allowed to run for Oregon office he is a Citizen of N.Y. and a Democratic Rep for the State of Oregon now how illegal is that?
If the people of Californa have any brains left, they need to vote that liberal POS out and this time keep him out. They're the only ones that can. They just need to grow some balls to do it.
Arrest treasonous brown for national security threat to the rest of America?
Next....
CA needs tough troops on that messy border and needs them now! MAGA1
No, no we really don’t.
MOON BEAM IS DELUSIONAL
I hope the situation in CA is becoming crystal clear to the rest of the nation...CA has corrupt career politicians without term limits @JerryBrownGov @NancyPelosi @DianneFeinstein they have brought our beautiful & once prosperous state to its knees
Or... CA is strong enough to stand up for whats right.
It’s YOUR made up emergency, donnie. 
Feds should pay for troops. 
Border crossings at all time lows for goodness sake.   
Waste of money!

Isn't it the NATIONAL guard, not the state guard?
