You stand for NOBODY.
Why do u follow him lmao WEAKSAUCE
I don't follow him. FYI.
Well your on his page lmao
It's sorta like watching a wreck, you don't want to look but you can't help it.
No its not how about you educate yourself on whats going on but let me ask you a question why are you against trump bringing back steel worker jobs?? The economy is getting better u dont want that???
2nd..he is under several Federal Investigations...everyone in his cabinet has either quit, fired or has been arrested. Why should anyone trust that? I don't.
Have U read the ig report?????  I believe you should and dont take any news outlets word REPORT THE IG REPORT the investigation was brought to the courts under lies and deception.  Thats why McCabe was fired and soon so will rod N robby.  
Please do your own research
How about the layoffs GM just announced in Ohio?
Didnt GM take all those billions of taxpayers dollars? Where did it go?  Oh yeh, the unions.
Apparently you don’t know that was paid back. Now sit down and be quiet.
I’m suggesting anger management counseling for you. There’s a better way to live. Good luck to you. Thoughts and prayers.
@KJackottawa. Most of us here in the U.S. are appalled at this vile disgusting creature in the White House so am not clear on your comment to me. I was speaking to the ill informed man who claimed that money went to unions.
Now that you have received your lesson please retake your seat and be quiet.
Here comes the comments from the unhinged left.
Is that your momma?  I see a resemblance.

Stormy has your back slapper

MAGA

He’s so full of bs. Everything out of his mouth is a lie. He and the GOP only care about themselves and it shows!
Usual lies.
So I will give more tax breaks to tmy rich friends me my family and I will give you guys a crumb or two
The only "back" you have is your own. You're a disgrace to this country. #Resign #ImpeachTrumpNow
Thank you 
Over 60 percent of Americans want you out of office and disapprove of your performance. If you hear our voices, RESIGN!!
Thank you mr. President that was an insightful message but the Democrats ain't going to think so or the fake media I appreciate everything you're doing great job thank you mr. President
I don't know if you'll get this mr. President but there is a marine holding the door open for people born in this restaurant and and one of them spit on him you talk about this grace there is something wrong God bless you miss president and God bless our troops
And #WeThePeople have your back Mr. President! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #KAG
We love you President Trump!  We pray daily for you and your family.  Please keep working for us.
#DrainTheSwamp

Could you imagine being so filled with hate that you can’t even appreciate the message and resolve of this President? When’s the last time a President has truly spoken to YOU the American like this? Have faith. #MAGA
The left intends to hate to the very end ... results don’t matter to them, they’ve lost ALL ties to reality, common sense, right vs wrong, integrity, decency ... the list of transgressions could fill a book.

JA JUŻ PODPISAŁEM A TY? 
If u r “standing up for our families...” why r u cutting healthcare, cutting EPA protecting air/water/land, ADDING taxes to the poor/middle class, ending DACA, cutting education funding, not helping Puerto Rico, touting voter fraud, etc?  HYPOCRITE
Pig!
LIES, LIES, MORE LIES, & EVEN MORE & MORE LIES; HERE, THERE, EVERYWHERE! UP, DOWN, ALL AROUND, IN, OUT--LIES ON/OFF LYING DOWN-ANYTHING-BUT-@The_Trump_Train TRUTH! @wakeuppeopleSO I AM HELPING EVERYONE; I HAVE HELPED EVERYONE;  BUT NO-ONE HAS "EVER, NEVER EVER, EVER HELPED ME!" ?
Keep doing the great job your doing there are millions of us tha have your back and we appreciate you putting us first. #KeepMakingAmericaGreat

THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU 4 ALL YOUR SACRIFICE TO DO THIS FOR US!! #POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS May GOD BLESS YOU ALL!! MY HEART AND HAPPINESS IS WITH YOU THAT WE ARE FINALLY MOVING FORWARD!!
Need your pussy grabbed by the #fakepresident  ?
Lol blockef
Why do you believe the intel when we've been lied to so many times in the past? FALSE FLAGS!!! aka the purposefully derogatory term "conspiracy theories"
Good start  testing  mind
We hear your voice
and we have your back, too,
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
What happened to Buy American, Hire American?
Just bought one of his MAGA hats.  Made in America.  You lefties are nothing but lies, manipulation, and scheming.  You vermin are the last ones with any right to accuse others of fraud.  Russia, Venezuela, and others all know of your lies.
Wow...Thank God for You MR.PRESIDENT...And All The People! God bless All family's in Jesus Name 
Afraid not. The only back you have is your own as evidenced by your rotating cabinet, shrinking base and consistent lies.

川普總統：您是美國史以來最智慧，魄力的，真正的英雄王牌總統，美國經濟一定很好加油！支持！讚美！陳振生台灣高雄。
Please invest in the future of our children who are in the Hood, Barrio,& Poor white neighborhoods by building facilities that will teach them mathematics,science ,& technologies. This is how we can make America Excellent by giving our children a future
RT is often labeled as Russian propoganda but here are legitimate pieces of news that don’t require reading between the lines.
We will need a new Titanium supplier.
Our leaders in Washington did nothing, because they were all paid off to screw the people!!   WE NEED A MEDIA TO EXPOSE THESE PAYOFFS, NOT COVER THEM UP!!
Grab them by the mid terms
Yes thank you #MAGA 

I think the Clintons still have much to worry bout. Like the money they keep from their fundraiser that they pocket. Murder. That is going to creep  back. Love everything and everyone especially your enemies
You’re standing up for billionaires. You don’t care about this country. You are not fooling anyone
I posted this as often as possible so every person that reads it lifts up our leaders to the Lord. Thank you God for these men, my Potus and VP!
Amen...
Oh please!
Thank you!!
You are living in a world that doesn’t exist. During your administration our trade deficit with China has risen!  Our own debt has risen to catastrophic levels and we have no plan for stopping gun violence. You have done nothing good for our country!
Blah blah blah blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah! Blah blah blah blah.
Oh no folks we have a childish troll!!!! not sure we've seen this yet....what do we do?...hmmmm
BLOCK
Watch out Joey! 

But he lives in the shadows!! Maybe he’s “blaht-man” duh duh duh duh....
Perhaps he's busy.
Lol maybe I am!

Sad story. The fella tried to sell the apartment but with all the negative Trump drama the values in Trump's tower lost value. He was desperate to get out of that place.
Another Trump victim
I agree
I am hoping Australian politicians are watching and learning, because your watching a President that loves his fellow country men and woman. Not the globalist agenda.
Ok
Thank you Mr. President. We have your back, too. #MAGA us
Yes
You’re Administration is dropping like flies? Corruption is the best word to describe your Administration. How can you be listening when you all are busy with your own dirty dealings?
Spoken like a true witch hunting clintonocrat
I am an ex Republican and I will never forgive this Administration or the #Republican party.  You all belong in jail.  #traitors
“That’s why I signed into law these tax cuts that mainly benefit those who don’t need them.”
If you had a job, these tax cuts would affect you!
I do. And they haven’t helped me at all.
That's funny, I make $60 extra a paycheck
Eh. Good for you. Not everyone benefits from it like he says. 
Get a better job or better yet a better education so you can make more money and it will affect you! I know my family and friends are all making more money and the tax cuts gave us $45 average per check which is $2340 a year. That is less money that goes to Gov for them to spend!
I’m working and going to school. I know what I have to do. But I don’t look at this situation from a personal point of view. I’m looking at the people below me and asking, “What about them?” Not everyone can move upward, just like not everyone can be a millionaire.
There are barely any factory workers because they mostly been outsourced to Mexico, India,& Japan. What we need is more education in the fields of employment that actually fuel the US economy
Well Sir, you might have our back but,Congress doesn't.I know I speak for a lot of your dedicated Deplorsnles when I say we are disgusted with the wimps. Disgusted that they don't  have your back, disgusted that they won't stand up to the outrageous double standards and lies.
You're a hundred percent right mr. President is Obama destroyed this country how does a person get it in present and never held a job in his life except charity at work what do you think this country is a charity case I'm glad you got it now thank the Lord
@realDonaldTrump then why did your tax cuts primarily benefit the very wealthy? Why are you spending so much on ur weekends/parade rather than helping the homeless Vets. We don't like your "way of life" and that's all you care about.
Obviously not related to the late Milton Friedman.  Watch some of his youtube stuff. It will cure your optical rectilitis
Can you hear our voices crying out for our H2B workers??? Sure doesn’t feel like you have our backs
Hah, H2B.  What a disaster. Have you actually tried to be an employer attempting to use this joke??
How are you standing up for us? What are you doing for us?
Thank you President Trump

Says the corrupt pathological liar whose had several members of his team indicted. His personal attorney/fixer under criminal investigation. And, his own words are coming back to haunt him, no client attorney privilege. #MichaelCohen has a decision to make. 
This man defends my family and I will defend his. WE LOVE HIM! #USA

...DOJ and FBI have been HIDING from Members Of Congress. We’re not only going to DEMAND ANSWERS we’re doing to DEMAND ACTION!…
#ObamaGate
Thank you for fighting for the forgotten men and women. #MAGA
#America #Mueller #Comey
Stop DESTROYING #America

.#ShutitDown #MuellerWitchHunt
How can it be a liberal witch hunt when a Republican appointed by a Republican is leading the investigation?
YES Fair Trade Not Free Trade! God Bless You President Trump, We The Real People pray for you daily, can't wait to make you our 2 Term POTUS
Thank You President Trump for Faithfully Working So Hard for us, that so many failed to do...God's Justice on them!  It's a New Day & God is With You, Leading us into this New Day in America & the World!  Look Out!  It's gonna get Really Really Great!
Job creation slowed down in the past few months. Why?
We require an agreement on what the “right to bear arms” actually means. Do we understand US history?  “A well regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed”.  Before Natl Guard = militia.
"well regulated Militia” #2A aimed at near-universal armament/training by law of every “able-bodied” adult (the vast majority of “the people” #2A) then in 1791 & 150+ yrs prior in the Colonies then independent States.
You have your own back and that is it!
Meanwhile in America GM is laying off hundreds of employees
In Ohio
Tell that to the 1500 GM workers in Ohio
Didnt GM take all those billions of taxpayers dollars? Where did it go?  Oh yeh, the unions.
Yes, you can get a job in one of Ivanka aka Kremlin Barbie’s sweatshops!
Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump we have your back too! Millions are tired of the constant attack on our President! This is disgraceful & disgusting to see what hatred will do to people! God Bless you for standing strong & bringing USA back on track! 7 more yrs to do much more!


GO AWAY! YOU ARE NOT WELCOME OR WANTED BY MOST!
And especially for your cronies.
Wery GOOD :-)
We've got your back in southern Ohio!
Wake up
Hay que pensar en todos, es verdad!
Dear workers in the white house, I present you this operation seen here http://Anewworld.strikingly.com  that could in an very near future become the reality of all nations in our world, only desisions matters for who that are willing to help me make it operationaly, dear white house...
I call bull shit on that
god knows the truth& i remember working at 2 am midnight ,12 years ago when access tech for the security of ladies & what links traitors/um*
you are terrorists
Legalization of marijuana???????????
Lololololololol
Absolute nonsense

Really? What happened to Buy American, Hire American?
Resign and leave the country
It is just a bad habit to take advantage of goodness of people Thank you for sharing

5 time Draft Dodger Trump
Stop non citizens from getting the benefits reserved for citizens...illegals are here to live for free. Give seniors a real raise...not one you turn around taking to pay a raise in Medicare also given to illegals. Stop giving illegals everything but the boot
Love our President
You R sure buttering up your core. Probably in a frantic effort to bolster midterms. You won't help them anymore later than you have so far.

We understand how big of a mistake you are!

Typical the White House, president and GOP, when things look bad for the president they all go on the Twitter. Where the do a PR RUN about the Tax plan and how it’s helping Americans.  The thing is it hands America a deficit that effects the worlds economy. GO MEULLER.
What a crock.
Pish Tosh! YOU don't really care! TOO Rich! 
I wish the young people knew what is to come if we don’t take a stand here and now. You won’t have to worry about guns but then you won’t have to worry about your phones because you won’t need them. The government will tell you what to think, say and do.
عرص
Where does your sister make her shoes and clothes?
if you hear me then get the fuck out
Thank you Mr President
2the WHITE HOUSE/ indian labour force is almost equal to Chinese & YET congress BJP sluggish in many projects past 3 decades & plz CARE/um*
If you have our backs and listen, why no response to tweets, responsibly or otherwise?
Speaking of Back, that's how you prefer victims eh!
#Trumpcrimefamily for prison
Unsure about this one.
May GOD,gives you the strength needed in decisions for our countryPrayers Are being said
By the way why are you trying so hard to put us into war

Oh! So THAT’S why you passed trillion dollar tax cuts that benefit the already wealthy. You were protecting YOUR way of life, because you have absolutely no idea how most of us live.
Thank You!!!  And God Bless You!!
To dream is cheap, to lie is cheat!
From Canada! Please come up here and kick Prime Minister Justin Trudumb in his islam loving and Chinese society loving ways!
Mr. President... PLEASE STOP!
Its obvious all you care about is you, your money, and banging hookers
NOT!
You are doing such a great job in office it's amazing keep up the good work we are behind you
And We the People have your back Mr. President .. Keep  MAGA...
...with a knife in it
Well done America
More lies
Du Quasselkopf,du enttäuscht mich.Ich dachte,dass du kleverer bist.Aber leider auch nur ein kleiner mieser Kriegstreiber,dem auch die eigenen Leute/Soldaten egal sind.
Hättest ein grosser President werden können,aber leider bist du auch nur ein Blender.Fahr zur Hölle. :( :( :(
Its about time...
But farmers are nervous about your trade war.
But your actions affect the national security of your allies in Europe. Sit on your continent, watch the actions of their neighbors. If we need your help, we'll call you. Highly likely
to do with the victory in the second world war, and in the cold. America has not yet won a single war. she only kindles them, gives birth to terrorists, and then goes away. It is a pity that the level of education in your country, and your age, does not give you the opportunity
Sat, Apr 14th, 2018
Latest Gallup Poll Shows Lowest Approval of Trump’s Presidency
President Donald Trump's favorable rating, already low by historical standards, has dropped to 38% -- while his unfavorable rating is at 59%.
Be careful of China!
China's trillion dollar plan to dominate global trade https://youtu.be/EvXROXiIpvQ  來自 @YouTube
/hack, hack, hack cough ups a hair ball.


If Mr Campbell is correct it proves Obama and Hillary Clinton and anyone else involved with Uranium One were guilty of treason
Chumps vote Trump.
When trump has your back
Help Jehovah wess not to be banned in Russia

I don't think anyone has time to watch our backs...
THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT...  IGNORE ALL HATE WRITING.  FOR THEY KNOW NOT OF WHICH THEY SPEAK.     Q
You do anything for your country! Great point.
Sanki masumlari sadece kimyasal bomba öldürüyor. Sizin silahlarinizla oldurulduklerinde yasal oluyorlar demi. Onca bölgeyi karıştır sonra sahte örgüt kur onların üzerinden masum halkı yurtlarindan çıkart. Bu işgal soykırım dünyayı kandırıyorsunuz.
Really? Because American factory workers have never been good enough to make your or your daughter’s goods, so you had them made in China?
Just suppose his agenda as a non representing private citizen was less wise than now, as he's attempting to represent the entire nation's desired agenda (USA economics and industry) LEAVE HIM ALONE!!
What a pos! Did he do this to show his leadership now that it’s getting close to impeachment time? Otherwise he didn’t care about Syria ! And he has to do this on his own without congress cuz he’s a dictator! Nothing grand about it !
This is a LIE even Comey will not confirm.  Rumor/fiction.
You are the biggest pain in my ass !
#MAGA
Love love love our POTUS#MAGA
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-5613641/Top-RNC-official-NDA-Playboy-model-used-PSEUDONYMS-Trump-Stormy.html … I think you need to address all of your legal issues with a COMPETENT attorney ASAP.  If you refuse, it wouldn't surprise me to see you led out of the White House in handcuffs soon by the US Marshals. #DonTheCon #Nullify2016 #ImWithHillary @MichaelAvenatti
You are awesome!
Thank you, @POTUS #MAGA #DrainingTheSwamp #QAnon #TheGreatAwakening #TheStormHasArrived #LockComeyUp #LockThemAllUp #InternetBillsOfRights #WWG1WGA
Layer. The American families and workers know that two corrupt American parties are playing with their economy. They can't plan their futures. That's why they turn to drugs and alkohol so much.
Governments of the US always held the lively hod of the Americans in their dirty hands
Did you have to read that from your notes?
Wah, wah, wah.....
2 the WHITE HOUSE / INDIA is the target for terrorists for sure & defence planes can  not always be used at SOFT TARGETS & who TRAITORS?um*

Anything the anti-Trumpers can contrive to lie as much as needed to hurt our President.  (Nothing but haters)
Please don’t attack Syria without REAL evidence. #syriafalseflag
Not everyone is happy having you represent them, Don-not even 40%!!
Distraction
Don’t.  Speak.

Yeah right.

#TrumpColluded 
#TrumpCrimeFamily 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
LOL ... putin s boy toy - resign please before you break something
Fair (harvest-ripe:KJV) trade or no (Mat-3:12:IP-theft) trade, for filthy-lucre (Surrey hear-say) ghost-city acquiesce bodes ill (USN-Perry: WWII-Nuke), as Ammit-666 is "a man" in same-person (sans Guanyin/Loki:Xi-LGBT) same-persistence, unto USS Wasp (LHD-suicide) soon be DIW???
