Riiiiiggghhht
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
He's also taken more money from the Koch brothers than anyone else.
Nope
Hilary need america
Why does he have a permanent smirk on his face? Not good!
Until he does something to piss you off.
Then he'll be the lowest, worst, stupidest, most ill informed jackass that ever drew a breath.
We've seen this play before Dimwit.
We are not impressed or amused.
A likely story
@SenateDems @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr  ... need to approve Mike Pompeo as SOS ... like yesterday!  Stop stalling and get it done.


did you forget about ken star
Where are your own personal education accolades???
TAX RETURNS
COHEN IS GOING TO SING LIKE A CANARY

What did you do with the one we already gave you?
Between u, Bolton and pompeo, you will have 2/3rds of this country nuked.
He should NOT be confirmed. Stop trying to hire sycophants. Stupid
Opposite to you that is 
Resign you criminal!

We love @realDonaldTrump !
Not "We". It's " You".
No, it’s we!#MAGA
So you think that it is ok that he will ..... your ..... p......y? Whenever he wants. Have fun.
“Great” like Michael Flynn was a “great” National Security Advisor? You’re not the best character reference, Donny.
Wait a minute, let me get Rex on the phone.
TAKE #TRUMP MARICON YOUR GODDAMN #JEWS HOOVES FAMILY OFF #CUBA#IVANKA @PutinRF #PUTIN #MAGA #AmericaFirst #DENMARK #SENATE #Veterans #FBI @FBI #FBI #Hialeah #Miami #FLORIDA #Venezuela #Sputnik #Russia #China #Brexit #BBC #AP #ADL #POTUS #CUBANO #CUBANS #NBC #CNN #AFP
It’s sad that politics has taken hold of his nomination. Too bad politicians can’t rise above politics & do what is best for #America.
Some will.  The GOP will do what their leader says.
What happened to all of your other "great" people? Did they get stuck in the swamp, #DonTheCon
A-COMMUNIST DICTATOR LIKE YOU.
I TRUST KANSAS!

"He will be a great Secretary of State!" I wonder how long that sentiment will last for you.
Let’s wait for a media slip up and he will be something else. Something like “Pompus Mikey"
He was also valedictorian at TRUMP U!!! #MAGA

Shut up. Just shut up.
Liberals have nothing constructive to say! So sad!
#CountryBeforeParty #PeopleBeforePolitics #CountryBeforePROFITS  Are those constructive words clear enough? The TAINT in DC “post-January 2017” is palpable. Not my GOP anymore. Still looking for leadership with Integrity = they aren’t bought & paid for by PACS & lobbyists. #FBR
@itrust45
I LIKE MIKE!
We absolutely need to confirm Mike Pompeo before the negotiations with North Korea. Kim Jung Un and him now have a great raport and we need him to be able to continue that so we can get Little Rocket Man under control.
Democrats would rather see the world go up in flames than help President Trump be great. Scary!
He needs more "help" than we could possibly supply.
The boy's a loser.

LMAO. Trump couldn't pass a driver's test, let alone a pilot's test.
You are so correct about the gang element in this country.  I was an adult probation officer in Harris County, Houston, Tx from 2000,to,2004. The caseload was dissolved as I was told there was no more gang problem. When will we ever open our eyes to liberals?
He has to be confirmed, what's wrong with Rand Paul?
Drain the Deep State
You’re NO Patriot!


So you like reading the National Enquirer and other trash rags. Not sure why you think we care.
There is just as much truth coming out the mainstream media as there is in national enquirer and the likes. The difference is, we know national enquirer and the likes is BS, where as you think the mainstream media is gospel truth. Your being manipulated.
You must mean for this to be directed at someone else.  I call out the MSM for their blatant propaganda and manipulation of the truth every single day.  I watch CNN on a daily basis and the lies I catch them in are too numerous to keep track of.
Nope directed at you.
Well then you aren't paying attention because I tell people all the time not to trust the MSM.
You also tell people that Trump is great 
Pompeo is doing a better job than John Kerry did as Secretary of State and he hasn’t even started work yet!  Remember Kerry said the last of the chemical weapons in Syria were gone?  
Pompeo graduated number one at West Point and at Harvard Law.  Obama and Kerry graduated last in drawing red lines.
And trump is number one in sexual assault accusations. I think he even beat bill cosby.
Look at your uncle, Joe Biden! #Liberalloose
Popmeo lies about things that don't matter and things that matter a lot even when he's been shown to be lying.  Kindred spirits, eh @realDonaldTrump?
A warmonger.
I forgive you. Glad you came around.
А будет ли стараться  господин госсекретарь Помпео улучшить отношения между США и РФ ?

Well he did lie about serving and has stated hate for people he would be expected to show diplomacy.  He likes war, that is a problem when your whole purpose is to avoid war.

He is a racist, with no experience, the profound stupidity you display, multiple times a day is baffling. And the fact that you don't seem to have any self awareness or even feel embarrassed by your constant drivel is also astonishing. You are why this country is laughed at.
So he can do your dirty work! you better turn from your wicked ways or you are going to surely die, soon! God #WORD is there to help you NOT for you to abuse it.

Ezekiel 3:8 My Cap Is Off My Head AND I AM #Prophesying.

Thank YOU 
#HolySpiritJesusChrist
Pray for them???!!! Pray for the world ... surely if there is a god he will be waiting excitedly for that maniac to blow up so he can start again.. Isnt God supposed to see us all equal it’s  because of power hungry folk the worlds doomed Amen 
Yes, pray for your president. That's what we are exhorted to do as God has put him in that position of authority. Per St. Paul author of the epistles.
He’s not my president..,and I struggle to believe that if there was a God he would have had a hand in giving that man access to the nuclear weapons codes 
If you are an American, he is. If you are a Christian, the Bible says He did.
My Indian guru also told us all, because many were disturbed, like you, that It was God's will that Donald Trump won the election.
I’m British fortunately, I was christened as a child but then had science lessons..the desperate American people won him the election. I understand it is believed the antichrist is coming but I believe he probably is the antichrist equivalent 
Really, how is the NWO treating you over there?
Much better than any third world country so I can’t complain
You'll fire him too
.
What a joke this Whitehouse. You change people like you change your clothes. Didn't you say the same about Tillerson?
From developing countries' 'view a stable USA government and is critical. The instability caused by firing and hiring of officials in White house does harm world confidence and peace
Oh yeah  and a lot of people don’t know that! (according to Trump)
Successful with Chinese companies he failed to disclose.
Mr. President, please pull yourself together, you represent the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!  So once you surround yourself with military might, are you going to putin a dictatorship where you take over and destroy freedom and democracy putin yourself in power?
Pompeo, another military officer in a serious position where great harm can come from his inability to be diplomatic.  However, yet another profound position filled by a military officer.  I give you credit, you are putin people in place for a takeover.
Isn't that what you say about all your employees? Even the ones you fired and we're indicted. Yea, pretty sure we can't trust your judgement on who is outstanding and who is dirty.
#Pompeo sounds like an educated candidate, but as #RexTillerson pointed out some time ago, #tRUMP is a complete #Moron! He has proved time & again that he's incapable of working with folks who are smart, or those who may disagree with his overly simplistic world view
#FiredInDays
Don't be 2quick to be impressed-
He's a #Biased #WarHawk & never saw an #American problem
 that a good #WAR would cure.
Don't worry I'm not!
There's no one who is in any way connected with #trump who has impressed me up to this point... Apart from #GeneralMattis who appears to be the only person in that sham administration capable of speaking up for himself & for the men & women of the US military
@50thand8th why didn't Obama do anything about Russia, he knew there was Russian meddling in the election? Why have we've been soft on Russia for 9 years? Also, why would Trump bomb a Russian ally if he had anything to hide?
He shuttered two of Russia’s compounds in the US and sent home 36 Russian diplomats. He also sanctioned four Russian individuals and five Russian groups. You can also blame The turtle for not doing more. He and the GOP blocked Obama from doing more.

Yep.

It's about the 200th piece of evidence Mueller has on that one charge—or several charges, depending on how he decides to refer the case to…

The president of the United States invited 2 adult film stars to his hotel room for a bisexual threesome, while his new wife sat home with their newborn baby.…

That Trump didn't even say — not to mention, condemn — the fact that Russian mercenaries AMBUSHED OUR TROOPS is pretty damning evidence of Trump's capitulation to Russia. https://twitter.com/RVAwonk/status/986810001338654725 …

1. #Thread – This is a LONG thread for journalists & for those who wish to dig deeper. 

#TrumpRussia #Rosneft #RT @amandablount2 @libphil_ 
Thank you. Feel free to share it far and wide, and tag a few friends. 
Thanks. I’ve always believed this was the key to everything. The reason for the whole mess.
Thank you for reading.
You are welcome but I thank you and others for helping me to see that I’m not the only one who sees what’s happening.
A Koch stooge
but he was not employed by you when sent to talk to nkorea   dumb fuck move trump   they will catch on
And by great, you mean he'll be your loyal dog and do your bidding. He's a pathetic "yes man"
Once again Democrats prove how anti-American they can be
They are crushing the American voters
Time for a change 2018
Change is coming
Pompeo will be rejected, Fat Donnie. Come November the GOP will be rejected. Sad.
Those Dems are ridiculous! An outstanding person who has worked hard his whole life. All they can do is stop everything. Is that the way the senate should act. Stop your hate! You are blinded by everything.
Now that you brought up academic achievements, what about yours?  Did you really graduate from Wharton?  Do you dare share your transcripts?  Does Wharton really graduate idiots?
I think that if the Senate doesn't approve Pompeo for the Secretary of State Trump needs to decide that he doesn't need one and (like Obama might have done) appoint him as Zarr of State and proceed.
Pompeo is not favored, we HOPE he does not get in.  He is another bully and swampee who kisses the mob boss' ring.  we don't want him.  want you to leave asap.  swampee liar.  guiliani is a mistake, he'll blow this  up in yr face, he's foolish.
You work better if you have confidence.... 
Certainly better than Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania!
Get this done and those GOP who cote against him remember he is not your Sec Of State he is President Trumps and our Sec of State.
Mike Pompeo is a puppet. Just like you.
“Rex Tillerson will be a great Secretary of State” someone once said.
Unlike these criminals!
Don’t forget “hero of the gulf war” lmao
Beware, they shall say peace and safety, then come sudden destruction!

This guy?
Yes we could take your word for it because you've done so well with all your past appointees
Great. With a hawk like Pompeo whispering in your ear and Bolton pulling your puppet strings in the background, we’re sure to be in a hot war soon. #chaosinthewhitehouse
He’s a criminal, like his dear leader.
why?   why would Pompeo make a "great Secretary of State!".
Besides being a murderer you I mean
Sounds like the only thing working agaist him is your recommendation.  Hmmm.
CIA has now confirmed publicly that Pompeo did NOT serve in the Gulf War. Any examples of Pompeo saying or even suggesting otherwise over the years would be of extreme interest to Members of Congress set to vote on his nomination next week.
For a month or two, until I fire him.
Lair
@realDonaldTrump is touting another crook. The pudding is still in the pot. Half-baked!
Resign

With that background why would he want to wreck his reputation working for you
So if that should be correct he is like your total opposite.
Failed at everything where you couldn’t by a place at the table.

#POSUS

Rosenstein is trying to save more than his job. He signed one of the fraudulent FISA warrants and has hence been referred for criminal charges in the letter from congress.
Btw, like Kennedy, politics should be second, what’s right or wrong, 1st!!!!
I guess using those criteria you aren’t qualified for your job.
Unless he has a phoney degree like yourself?   Anyone you recommend will not be great at anything political, ethical or moral.  BTW Pompeo thinks you are a twit   #TrumpTrain
And he kisses your ass so he's therefore qualified.
So, Trump, you’re saying Mike Pompeo is literally everything you have FAILED TO BE?

Is he a successful businessman too?
http://Match.com   u should try it.  Get out of bills basement
He's a war mongering asshole just like you. He's a hack, just like you. He will be removed from office, just like you. It's almost Mueller time #CadetBoneSpurs
I recall you saying the same thing about Rex. Your credibility is gone.
Michael cohen is going to sing the FBI.
and a liar just like you. He never served in the Gulf War as he claimed in many public appearances.
Nope! Your batting average for hiring crooks is ZERO! AMERICA DOES NOT TRUST YOU ! Resign!
Why would an honorable man want to work with Trump, Bolton, the generals? A man who wants displomacy?
Or is he just a scapegoat that it'ill be blamed post war.

He's willing to go to the mat for a treasonous, corrupt president with a vague fly by the seat of your pants diplomacy.

Couldn't be any worse than Rex Tillerson, or that dead cat you call hair...
Hey say something nice about @SheriffClarke  hes waiting with phone in hand just to be mentioned by his idol #GBTP
Hahahahaha
I guess West Point is not the school I thought it was,Pompeo is not the sharpest tool in the box.
We don’t want Mike Pompeo!
Excellent choice 
Yes affirm this great man!
#STFU #LyingDonald
Вы же не понимаете вы забрали Одессу это же город Украины а вы и НАТО знаете что? Идете к черту и знаете про революцию?
NO WAY HE IS A CROOK JUST LIKE YOU , AND HE IS. ANTI MUSLIM, SO FAR EVERYONE YOU SAID WAS GOOD FOR THE COUNTRY IS UNDER INVESTIGATION JUST LIKE YOU, WHY DON'T YOU FIRE JUICY PRUITT FOR BUYING A $45000.00 SOUND PROOF PHONE BOOTH? ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY?
Pompeo is bought and paid for by Koch Bros! GOP is using dirty Russian money! #Disgraceful
And fatter than you....
Sorry Mike you may be on your way out. He said the same thing about Tillerson
Sir but with your unique style of functioning he will survive at the best for 6 months
That's just what America needs; another dimwitted backwards fighter with ideas attributable to the 17the century.
Like all the others you have chosen before - He is all good - till you fire him and label him as slimebag!
If this is true, he sounds like he could be a good candidate. Unfortunately, because of how many times you make up facts, I’d need to research this myself before I can believe you. You are untrustworthy and exhausting.
Give it a month or so. You’ll make up some childish nickname for him and tell us what a horrible person he is...again!
Liar
Facts like uranium one, Benghazi , Fusion GPS, money laundering to the Clinton foundation, FISA court done without all the truth, $2.1 Billion in cash given to Iran, fight for open nord
Any Repub that doesn’t vote for him betrays the cause.
They will get it dine along with everything else they are holding up or they will hear the roar of the Lion!
Yes man...or kissass man?
Always good to have the backing of a treasonous liar.
No.  Hope he fails
Yes he will!!!
Mitch McConnell did you get this?  Get it done!!!
You should have kept Rex Tillerson.
President Trump;

This Caravan of illegals are now in Mazatlan, Mexico. They are heading for the US, what have we done to detour this?

A 'Refugee Caravan' Is Headed to the U.S. and Getting Bigger Every Day http://splinternews.com/a-refugee-caravan-is-headed-to-the-u-s-and-getting-big-1824087413?utm_medium=sharefromsite&utm_source=Splinter_twitter … 
#StopTheInvasion #StopTheCaravan #Trump
Do something Trump!  Keep this from happening!
He is ranting as fast as he can!
Until sacked.
He's a scumbag and everyone in Kansas with an IQ above 100 knows this.
And while not degrading the LGBT community and other religions besides Christianity he likes making his father’s meatballs and teaching 5th grade Sunday school! Not 4th grade or 6th grade! 5th grade!!  #disingenuous
No, actually he won’t. Maybe he was adequate as CIA Director but will not be a poor Secretary of State. He is to vocal about Muslims, Jews, etc. He will fail and will not be taken seriously on the world stage.
Your recondmendation isn’t much? I couldn’t hear what you said hiding under the bed?
Just like you Mr. President, you’re the success in person  #MAGA
There’s always the filibuster and you know what the right thing to do #Mitch McConnell. If you have to use it you have to use it but this nonsense has to end I mean come on this is nothing but hatred petty hatred for no point at all let’s support our country my God #2018
He should be your boss.
Seems you said the same thing about Tillerson but yet...
They are too jealous! 
Neighbor still in his head
Senate ppl are obstructionist
Success does not mean he is an appropriate choice for Secretary of State.
he is a LIAR. "Pompeo's purported service in the Gulf War has been disputed by a spokesman for the CIA, saying "Director Pompeo was in the U.S. Army at the time of the Gulf War – serving until 1991. He was not deployed to that theater."
As a Hoosier & one who votes, @SenDonnelly and @SenToddYoung please approve Pompeo as Secretary of State. Presidents for many years have been able to choose their Secretary of State ie. Bush’s, Clinton & Obama
It's ironic to call yourself "Forever Logical" even you've voted for HRC. More like "Forever An Idiot"...
Very few, can attain what Mike Pompeo has accomplished, nor have his intelligence & results ability.  SICK of hearing these jump in front of TV & blabber Congress people.  One had the stupidity to say he was not sure of Atty. Pompeo's views on GAY marriage?  OMG, & we pay them.
Too many people (not fake news reporters) in the know are revealing that Pompeo is a glory seeking wannabe, who never served in a war zone. Another glory hound exposed.
Just because he kisses your ass the best does not mean he is outstanding!
Do it
Try not to #FORGET
It
You've said similar about so many until they reach a crossroads where good sense dictates they buck you a bit. Then you change your tune and they pull a knife from their backs. #backstabber
Well, that was 40 years ago...if that’s all you got, you’re in trouble.
Dems are a party of resistance vice supporting US citizens
Sorry for the idiot Sheehan we have here in N.H.
Oh, oop's Pompeo got caught lying about being deployed. Only the finest crooks for this country's administration.

Toasted. Can't wait for the Senate hearings.
More SWAMP RATS!
You certainly can't say you were first in any classroom situation. .you wish you had a his smarts  reason why you are so jealous of President Obama
If i have a right to vote i will aprprove Mike Pompeo. At least about denuclearization of korea peninsular and peace, i think Mr. Trump and Mike Pompeo is “Right time,Right person!!” Please approve Mike ASAP!!
Looks like somebody used google to check out his Wikipedia page. You can read!
Wait and see...
