How about all the retail stores closing???  Where they going?
Ask amazon
Yes Amazon is the one destroying the brick and mortar stores with its monopoly that’s violation anti trust laws.
How is it you're all for free market, until one succeeds that causes a shift in norms?  The writing has been on the wall for years, and many retailers shifted business models accordingly. Those that didn't? Well....
Exactly!  Not sure who your question is directed at.  Mine was directed at Mary who doesn’t understand that.
At Mary and Greg.

Kevin, what planet are you on? How about addressing the Lunatic running our country into the ground? How about addressing all the Pruitt scandals? How is Puerto Rico? Your complicity is treasonous. @GOP is proving to be a band of criminals. America is watching  #November2018
Hey Super, PR was a mess be4 the storm, and everyone new that. The liberal government was doing nothing to fix it. Pruitt most is false came
What planet did you come from? Liberals? Really! Get out of your bubble,if you haven't noticed or have been reading the GOP has dominated both houses for awhile. All Trump wanted to do was send a croonie electrical contractor with 3 trucks to repair a devestated island! NUTS!
The island was in a bad, bad, bad state of disrepair before the hurricane. 
What did b.o. do for them? Nothing.
Perhaps, but GOP was in majority in both houses then, and still are. What have they done? The issue at hand is now... not playing ‘I hate Obama’ .. how does that help PR? At least they used to have power, water and homes.
It takes 60 votes in the sen. To pass a vote reps have 52 with the VP you ask I tell the truth
Thank you Mr President for my husband's job !
Is he a canary for the coal mines?
Still riding that @BarackObama wave? 
Oh. Just. Stop. Economy improvement due to reversing Ovama's paralyzing regulations via EO #MAGA
You mean regulations designed to protect consumers, human health, workers, and the environment? You people are fu*king stupid. If regs were so paralyzing, why did the stock market rebound so much under Obama? Why were corporations reporting record profits nearly every quarter?
Because the government was investing billions of dollars( printing money) to put in market. Maybe you should your news from credible sources.
So why hasn’t the market crashed with rates going up and the fed unwinding QE3? Nice try, Tom.

Worst recession in 80 years.
Obama , double the national debt, open borders, government printed money to fund stock market. Iran, Benghazi, 5 terrorist for one deserter, fast and furious, deplorable military, degraded law enforcement land health ins, high premiums, high deductibles, but people were insured.
And let's not forget corporate profits are up 10% while wages barely topped 1%, home costs jumped up almost 9%, the number of uninsured increased, federal debt increased, the deficit sky-rocketed, consumer prices are up 1.6%...if this is making America great again, please stop!
The number of uninsured increase because you aren't forcing people to buy it yeah don't worry about that deficit y'all didn't worry about it when Obama increased it by 8 trillion dollars
Do want to mention the 2018 stock market and U.S. gas prices?
Looks like marketwatch didn’t appreciate you using them as a link to try and back up your bs that you try to pass off on your minions as fact.  Better luck next time in your next job... hope your one of the ones we will be voting out in November .. get that resume ready boy
#NeverTrustGOP  or Trump!
If that’s the case, why haven’t wages grown for middle class workers? Why has the Labor Participation rate barely changed since 2009? You’re full of sh*t Kevin. https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS11300000 …
It had gotten worse for all 8 obama years and it is now going in the opposite direction! Lol
What "had gotten worse for all 8 obama years?"
No, it’s not getting better for the vast majority. There has been essentially no growth in middle class wages for the last 10 years and no significant increase in LPR since the recession. Kevin, the GOP and Trump are full of sh*t.
Sorry comrade you need to get a new source of propaganda! even Communist News Network CNN IS REPORTING TRUMP'S ECONOMY IS CREATING THE MOST WAGE INCREASES SINCE 2009!
Well if CNN is reporting it, we know that it's not true.
Who's we you got Hillary in your pocket?
Trump.  Trump is the one who says "FAKE NEWS."  Thus we, Trump and myself, know that if FAKE NEWS CNN reports it, then it's not true.
"Since the market peaked in late January, though, fears about inflation and trade wars have driven the Dow down more than 2,500 points."
Yes right before my retirement! I knew he was going to F with the economy. Typical for a Republican. #BlueTsunami
No one said fixing Obummers screwups would happen overnight.
LOL.  Keep telling yourself that dimwit.
 #IStandWithTrump #IStandWithGenFlynn #AmericaFirst #2AShallNotBeInfringed 

All lies. The tax scam is proving it is even worse than we thought. Trump is destroying our economy along with our rating in the world. He is most stupid crude evil man alive.
This will be when consumer confidence returns ........
I think this country has had enough "McCarthy's" in politics. Just say'n.
Thanks President Obama! @POTUS44 @BarackObama
Turn out when you lie to people and they believe you get a short term gain... history tells us how this will end when people realize its a scam and the economy crashes... but then agaib people like you will run away then
Another positive step in Making America Great Again!!!!
J C Penny, Mact's, McDonalds, Wal-Mart, Toys R Us, Ford, IBM, Sears, Verizon Wireless, AT&T are just a few companies announcing layoffs.  Tell us again how great this plan was?  #GOPFail
Lest you ignore how President Obama’s economic recovery left your admin in a very good starting position.
Claimed all his numbers were fake but you sure flaunt them now.
For all of your BS propaganda on the # GOPTaxScam, the facts are that most of the benefits go to the rich!  13% of tax cut savings will go to employee benefits, 43% will go to investors in the form of stock buybacks and dividends.  Plus it adds TRILLIONS to the deficit!
The snowflakes are really melting all around us today on this thread. Poor creatures just have to find something to be angry about, even good news...lol!
Thankyou President Trump!
#FakePresident
Between the #GOPTaxScam and the tanking stock market, I think this fake news about increased consumer confidence is going to blow up in your face.
Its funny how all you republicans believe that........... 

Like seriously, where are you getting your facts from? #FoxNews #FakeNews

No it isn't
Build and Fund the wall ON THE USA SOUTHERN BORDER.  We didn't think we had to say we wanted a wall on our border but after reading the Omnibus, I guess we need to be more specific. 
Jordan got a wall.
Um... wasn’t Mexico paying for that one?  I’m almost positive some Cheeto colored guy kept promising that.
How much of that tax cut went to the wealthy?  Oh that’s right 82%
You know better.
Well you seem to think you do,  Brian, so what would you say is the "real" percentage.  And please back it up with at least 1 source.
Great it's so low that no one wants to do physical seasonal work so we can't find help Get me my #h2b help so I can #saveUScompanies you want to #growtheeconomy Every #saveh2b employee creates more than 4 new jobs for Americans & in management level WOW everyone WINS #uscis
And a trillion dollar deficit. How sustainable is that?
This proves Americans aren’t stupid...they knew a smart saavy successful businessman would rescue the Country from the clutches of gov strangulation!                                Plus, this is only the beginning of Trump’s ‘Live the Dream - America is Back’!  Yay...
Awesome. Thx you!
FAKE NEWS! Stop lying. Republicans & truth are like oil & water.
And now the real numbers overall not just the one number Trump can break about!
And democrats continue to get votes
Astonishing what people care about in this country 
Party agenda before common sense and wallet
You should check your facts. The only jobs available are low wage jobs. Wage growth is nonexistent as big Corps are using their tax cuts (not tax reform, cuts) to buy-back their own stock, benefiting only their stockholders all the while bankrupting the country.
Republican Lies!
Who’s stealing? Tax breaks are being used for stock buybacks.
Yes! Now please..stop the Invasion at our boarders.
In what part of the country? Certainly not in Ohio
Hype it, cause it's hype. Purchasing power has never been weaker.
Go Mr President Go!!
DON rents and mortgages are still ski high, employers are not rising salaries, healthcare still an issue in many families, schools are failing our kids, We are still try to figured out either we put a roof over our families or we feed and clothes them or pay for health  insurance
Gas prices are going up more each month
Not only gas, here in Michigan the prices at the grocery stores have gotten higher. Just went grocery shopping & eggs were $6.09 for 
2 1/2 dozen. How is this equating to consumer confidence?
here in New England, my heating bill for the season was outragous hope gas and heating becomes more affordable soon
Oh , don't even get me started on that!! I'm on a plan with my electric company where you pay the same amt. every month, this past year it went from $96 to $138, no changes in home usage, have energy efficient bulbs, this is just ridiculous.
Thanks to Obama. Trump will bankrupt this country and run it in the ground just like he has do e with all of his businesses. 
How is it possible for White man who was literally handed millions of dollars and sent to school via daddy's donation to the university be such a failure?
A bet millions of Americans don’t have a job would disagree with you .I believe all the homeless people in this country would disagree with you it’s phenomenal your district has a very large number of homeless people and are those jobs a living wage job...
#FakeNews consumer confidence soared to sky high under @POTUS44
Thanks Obama
#ThankYouPotus  #MAGAPatriots #makingAmericaBetter #bestpresidentever #TrumpTrain2020 #TrumpsArmy

All that, and you still SUCK!!!
Very intellegent reply Eddie.
Thank you.
I was attempting to be facetious with my misspelling of the word "intelligent".  I didn't agree with your use of the word "suck".  Nothing against you personally. Many people include much nastier words in their texts.  Have a blessed day.
That's fine. You have a blessed day also.
Most of those jobs created are parttime jobs. But don’t blame Trump for when the next bubble pops. Blaim Bush and Obama for inflating it.
All thanks to the programs Obama initiated, Kevin. Another Trump lie and ass kisser.
This includes YOU, Kevin...
And the Democrats want to raise taxes, regulate more and give away "free" money and benefits. Thry hate both Trump and American citizens a hell of lot
And Trump's China RFID investments posted documents supportered???????

Uh...shortly after that time we went into a recession for 6 months
FAKE NEWS!
50 % babies  boom  50 % single mom 
African American  40 % you fixing that out  how that works
Every last bit of this tweet is a lie.  Amazing. Just amazing. Do you have no shame, McCarthy?  Oh, right, no you don't.  You're a Trump Toady.  We knew that.
Boy I'm a Trumper, or what did U call us? Can't remember?!  I am so proud that I had the sense to vote 4 & pledge to work with our great PRESIDENT TRUMP. Hooray 4 Our Side!!!
Unless you are unimaginably wealthy or impenetrably stupid, Trump is handing you a bill of goods. And the bill will come due and you will pay for it.  It's only a matter of time because this catastrophe reaches your own life.  Sigh.
@realDonaldTrump
Gas prices are the highest they've been in years, along with food prices!
Patriot Americans are behind the president. Liberals are living a lie and wouldn’t know the truth if it was shoved down their throat.
They can’t see the forest because of the trees!
You keep telling yourself that. Hmm....it’s really nice taking a stroll through the woods.
What was the leading factor to this...was it the wave that was building til u took office or was it your healthcare plan..the plan to build a wall steel tariffs?? Trade wars..
Or tax breaks That have not kicked in yet
Tax breaks kicked in in Feb.
So in a month ... 42 bucks a week makes all the difference
Will $42 a week for 52 weeks makes a big difference yes
Thats 2 k a year..for 1.5 trillion in dept..see what your price is...so that big biz can get a huge believe me huge tax break on our tax paying backs
Well if you made more you get more than 2K a year once you make billions you get millions in tax breaks
Yes those 2 k are based upon making 75 k a year btw.. 
So glad we are winning...at national dept
Yeah you might want to talk to Obama about that debt he had a trillion to it
90 % of the Trumpsters tweets sound like something out of an Orwell novel
Thanks Obama for saving. the economy but you should have braged about it like Trump
Higher interest rates mean bond prices will fall; but treasury debt, pension funds, social security, auto, city, county and state debt and ARM mortgages will be more expensive to service. The "big ugly debt bubble" candidate Trump described is worse now than it was then.
But your image is of a rock concert, which is totally irrelevant.
Don’t get ahead of yourself. Mist have not seen the benefit. Layoffs continue, massive stock buybacks instead of pay increases. Treasury is being emptied at an alarming rate. Gas prices rising, market in flux....#GOPTaxscam #GOPCorruption
Tell them the truth Congressman.
Don’t forget that Trump & a Republican Congress did this. They screwed everyone but themselves & the mega rich w/taxes & debt. We need to REPLACE THEM this NOVEMBER! #BlueTsunami2018 #BlueWave2018 VOTE!! VOTE!! VOTE!! I support JULIA PEACOCK #CA42 @peacock4ca42 #Peacock4Congress
Liar! We all know the unemployment numbers are not accurate. There are millions of Americans no longer counted because they have exhausted their benefits & have been unemployed for 7-8 years. U.S. homeless numbers are the highest ever recorded in American history. #Truth 

in 2018, new tax-cut gives top 1% average of $4,261 per month

it gives bottom 20% of earners an average of $5 per month…
Unenjoyment has dropped because there are no more emergency extensions. Therefore people have no job and. Must turn to Social Services. Please tell the entire story,  not bits and pieces. Thank you for hurting every average American person, Democracy not a  Dictatorship.

Thank God for our Pres.Triumphant Trump
Phil.4:8 
Finally, bros.whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is just, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is commendable, if there is any excellence, if there is anything worthy of praise, think abt. these things.
No McCarthy,you're a liar and a spinner of selective facts. #TaxScam bill did NOT create jobs. Companies using 83% of savings to BUY BACK STOCK which helps TOP 10%
Unemployment has been in steady decline since 2011
Tax bill INCENTIVIZES companies to ship JOBS OVERSEAS. 
Try FACTS
Now tell us the unemployment rate of people who've maxed out their benefits (ya know like trump repeatedly said to president obama.) Tell us all the jobs lost not just the new jobs. Most want all the info not just the info that strokes his ego
Yet the majority of Americans still hate your guts. Go figure....
Where's all these high paying jobs I keep hearing the ORANGE IDIOT talk about???? All I see is the full time jobs going part time so the company doesn't have to pay benefits.....
B.S.
 Where?
What’s relevant in the picture? Is the president distributing rolls of toilet paper again?
You are living on a parallel universe. The rich are getting richer, the poor poorer, just today Ben Carson/HUD announced hundreds of dollars in rent increases. I guess we don't have enough homeless. YOU are the Party of the rich, not the poor or middle class.
Bigotry, racial injustice, xenophobia, Islamophobia, anti-Semitism, & hatred rebounds close to an 18 year high... White supremacists feel empowered to crawl out from under their rocks to proudly & openly hate their fellow Americans, & all foreigners. 

Thanks, 45.
Thanks, GOP.
Greetings to the dear President of the United States, President Tramp: I am an Iranian worker. I am dissatisfied with the corruption of the state in my country. I swear to God that you will save us from the devils and the mullahs. Attack to Iran please.
Fuel prices up, food prices up, housing prices up and out of line, stocks down and wages flat. You and your buddies are doing a great job.
Thank you @BarackObama !
Would someone let Morning Joe in on this? He sounds so stupid when he demeans POTUS because of his bias agenda!
LIAR. Is that why Harley Davidson is moving their factories from Mo. to Thailand? AC plant in Ind. is moving to Mex? You blow schitt just like Spanky. GOP has become party of lying trump.
People in government are grifters, giving oodles of tax money 2 lobbyists & wealthy 2 get money 2 pocket & get elected. The deficit’s ballooning out of control, people will be dying due 2 dirty air & water. China is now leading the world while our Con-in-Chief golfs. Forgot that?
Get the message out there man!!!!  We cannot lose the house or the senate!!!!
Reading these hateful comments, there’s absolutely nothing that President Trump can do to satisfy loony leftists. This is not about politics for them - it’s personal.  Total “derangement” is when you're willing to destroy your country & your kids’ future in order to hurt Trump
des mélange de culture selon lui 
Until your corporate welfare catches up with everyone.  Recession 2019-2020.  We'll see.    Enjoy it while you can.  But only 27% of folks have a positive feeling towards your corporate handout .
good 'job '

Thank you Obama. Trump inherited great economy with record corporate profits plus 8 year bull market.
I'll call bullshit.
Thank you President Obama!
God bless President Barack Obama for being a great Commander in Chief with integrity & a strong moral compass. President Obama effectively dealt with a severe economic recession keeping America from going over a cliff. #BlueWave2018 #BlueTsunami2018 #DemocraticParty @BarackObama
It’s awesome!!

McCarthy: "There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump" Ryan: “No leaks, this is how we know we’re a real family here.” #PutinsPuppet
@BurnyHammer aggregate demand moves up?
Oh shit genius. but don't get too happy we don't want to much inflation ...
Now how about you and @SpeakerRyan get off your asses and pass the rest of Trump's agenda?!?!  Build the wall, make the tax cuts permanent, etc...
I feel like a need chemotherapy whenever I go into the reply section of any political post.
Guys this just in Trump drinks water. You know who else drank water? Hitler. Drumpf is racist eveele is literallyl Hitler 
Businesses are buying back stock, closing, or moving factories out of the country and laying off thousands of people!  How can you support this tax scam, unless you are personally benefitting?  Seriously, I want an HONEST answer!
Good news due to tax cuts. Then why are you trying to raise taxes on California businesses?
And yet the stock market continues wild swings
Stock market has been due for a correction after O had 80 mill. Dumped in it every month.
Ah, I see. So when the market is up it’s due to trump but when it’s down “that’s just how things go”.
Well it is still up from when Trump took over but yes it is due for a correction and Trump isn't having the FED dump 80 million dollars a month into it like Obama was to keep it artificially High
What a fucked up indicator to look at. Every time it's super high, our economy is about to CRASH.
The theory behind Trump’s tax cuts is exactly what gave us the failed Bush economy - Vox
Are you all going to take the RESPONSIBILITY when the economy TANKS AGAIN? From the same policies that gave us the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression? But this time you all doubled down on it, so it's going to be even worse this time. RESPONSIBILITY is all YOURS.
Under Trump's watch, national debt tops $21 trillion for first time ever. Only a year ago, President Trump promised to eliminate the national debt in 8 years, but it has just hit a dizzying new historical high
Have you thought about writing fiction? I think you're missing the boat just being a Trump shill
Thank God for #Trump. He was the only candidate to have a plan, an agenda for the United States of America. Thanks for implementing your plan and continue to #MAGA .A rising tide lifts all boats

Lol, thank God you only have 3 followers
I just started.  Give me time.  
Right!!! Just started for media Matters
I have no idea what that means.
 maybe before you start tweeting stuff against God and our president. You should Google some things. While you're at it look up all these. This is what #MAGA all about protection from these things
Yes?
NO thanks to you and your antiTrump GOP members. MAGA !!!  TRUMP 2020  !!!
President Trump,  First I want you to know it.  Is nice to have a president who does note beat around the bush!.Secondly,I am begging you along  with PattyBlago andher familyTo please pardon Rod! Hehas served way to many years in prison for doing absolutely nothing wrong!PLEASE!
Are you kidding?
What about funding dem candidate running against Hagan in Ohio. I hear you donated to her dem opponent. Hagan is a female who is a pro Trumper. $10000 to her opponent Gonzalez who is dem. Great sticking with your party.
MSM won’t say a word about all your accomplishments...they are so sad, that’s how we know they’re fake news!

Breaking News - US House chaplain fired 'over a prayer' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oe2o8FNSvEo&feature=share …
@POTUS @jbartash and yet half the people in this country still hate him! Well as my favorite General said "you can't cure stupid"
Lies.  Fakenews.
Thanks Meryl
#thanksobama

And that’s in spite of the MSM!
WTF told you that?
Hey Kevin how is your mistress Congress woman Renee Elmers doing#Yep Fake Religious people Kevin has been screwing thy neighbor and under GOP that is a sin
More lies, fake news and Alternate Facts from the Lying bunch of criminals in the WH.
The unemployment rate is the lowest in 17 years, because they cut it in half. Now you can only draw unemployment for 6 months,  when it was 1 year. 
That makes it look like they have gotten everyone working. instead family members are trying to keep them from losing everything.
Excellent, great job

Are you all tired of the winning yet? https://twitter.com/business/status/989272910316654592 …
I don't have a job need a job
KEVIN, I THOUGHT TRUMPSTERS WEREGOING TO DELIVER 3% GDP GROWTH. 2.3% A LONG WAY FROM 3%. WHAT'S YOUR NEXT LIE ABOUT THE ECONOMY TRUMPSTER ???
You seem to think this is all because of the GOP and ass-clown Trump?!? You will be shocked come midterms to learn how many Americans know the good news you crow about is DESPITE your incompetence, not because of it.
And the corporations tax is permanent while THE PEOPLE are not! 
You had an affair with Ellmers and you laughed with other GOP members about Trump being a tool of Russia.  So of course you'll be the new GOP Speaker.  It's what we've come to expect from the party of no accountability.
Deficit spending always seems to push off the collapse for a few years. BE FISCALLY RESPONSIBLE!
THANKS OBAMA
Always with last year's news
https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2018/4/25/1759899/-Growth-down-Stock-market-down-Optimism-down-The-tax-cut-boost-to-the-economy-non-existent …
#CA23 #VoteHimOut #BlueWave2018
@changestatusquo change is good and we’re reversing all of the mistakes of the last 8 years, maybe 16 if we’re lucky.  Welcome to a brave new #America #TheGreatAwakening #@POTUS @kanyewest #UniteAmerica #OneNation

KEVIN DID YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH TRUMPSTERS DIAMOND & SILK TESTIYING TODAY ??? SHOULD HAVE SCHEDULED HEARING FOR APRIL FOOLS DAY.
I hear so many complaining about the tax cut not being anything more than a gift to the wealthy You must get out & explain exactly how the tax cut is helping every1 Talk more in your districts less on the Hill Don't assume everyone is a rocket scientist Speak to the level needed
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/GOPLeader/status/989181790878359557 … (Ranked 7th for Apr 25.)

And people hate Trump!! He is such a bad guy!! Look at all the bad he is doing 
But it will not chnage taht you are  C O R RU P T   REPUBLICAN you atill are
This is all due to the Great Man in office. #potus @realDonaldTrump
because of Obama not trump
Bubba, look at the huge, bigly cost of borrowing .... and the deficit is rising ...

Thank you President Trump. I ask you, why aren’t we hearing this from our news organizations? Many of us I’m sure can see this daily, but where is the support this President deserves? If it was Clinton or Obama that’s all we’d be hearing from the news casters.
Thank you Mr. Awesome PRESIDENT TRUMP
He’s right. American Businesses are investing more . They are buying back stock and writing more checks to Congress.
BS! Everything is more expensive. Gas is sky rocketing. My 401K is down! Interest rates are up, except for savings, no bank is paying squat.
I remember when the economy bottomed out because of the Bush tax cuts.... the market has been dropping since the trump/Ryan tax cuts... but gas HAS gone up considerably!
Oh please .  How is there dignity when a person puts in 40+!hours per week and is still below the poverty level?  That’s called “slave labor”
Continuation of the eight year trend Obama started.... Thanks Obama!
Yeah drug them and then they become cheap Pickens

Thank you President Obama!
Trump is making America prosper again
Talk to the people in Morgantown, WV who lost their jobs from Mylan Pharmaceuticals.  Talk to the people passing the store fronts at my empty mall.   I'm pretty sure they will disagree with this statement.
But gas prices at the pump rose $.40 this past week, steel and aluminum tarrifs have consumers paying more for large durable and home goods, and manufacturing is stalled until US raw material producers can fill the gap with the same quality materials at affordable prices. Great!
Talk to anyone about being a consumer of an ISP
Best president ever!!
To God be the glory!
Can no longer depend on the GOP, or ANY republican. Their new normal is to lie (it's ok because the president does it) to keep their jobs. America now holds it's government to a low standard. Not a tough act to follow, beware.
thank you POTUS you are doing a great job
