Under Trump's watch, national debt tops $21 trillion for first time ever #WorstPresidentEver
Since when did you care about a deficit? Now while it was doubled under obama. In fact his budget put us over tge 21t mark.
Conservatives reducing and eliminating deficits is a myth. They increase spending and debt!
Anyone reducing and eliminating the deficits is a myth, except for folks like ron and rand paul whom have never voted for a budget that didnt balance. Now the OMB director put forth a budget that balanced and the dems complained bc he cut spending.
Bull.
Hooooooooooah!!! #MAGA
When was it great , I keep hearing MAGA  repeated over and over again but when was it great , not difficult question as voted for him and have just used the slogan , so when , I will even take a decade if easier..?#maga
IDK how old you were. But during the Reagan Administration IMO. The middle class existed, average OC House was 300k, unemployment didn’t exist, out military was at its FINEST etc... so if you ask me then!
Ok , i am sure that late 80s was hot bed for equal rights! As for your armed services hey didn't respect the rights and life style of those that wished to serve !!! And didn't the number of adults  under the poverty line hit 33% for black and minority americans ? Great indeed !
Open your mind briefly, consider “classes” & their “rights” are constantly evolving. Nothing is ever perfect (employment, taxes etc.)  However, as a whole the USA had respect world wide during that era.  That’s the point I take away that our POTUS is trying to reestablish. #MAGA
How can you say something was GREAT when a huge % of the society lived in poverty, when to be gay meant you were socially unacceptable. Reagan was  great compared to current fool .  The #Maga statements is for the lowest denominator it has no substance, but clearly enough 2 win
This became cyber BS... Having actually served for the rights you so quickly trash I encourage you to actually act! Why not? I freely served so you could! Vote, do something positive or hey keep on as a keyboard warrior! IMO, MOVE to a country you feel better suited. ~ Sua Sponte
Ok , so can't back your argument up. Well done , will leave it there , no never served , don't live is US thankfully .. just recognise using the phrase AGAIN, says you want to turn the clock back , that's not progress and can't ignore the struggle people had at that time!!! END!
"Together with the Potus" means you should be tossed out on your behind together with him.
@Jim_Jordan for #Speaker !
Krista got the best bday card this year
Texas opens a boat ramp..Puerto Rico still has no power. Some Folks have no regular drinking water, job infrastructure is barely in place. Thousands of homes still in shambles. Shamefull and frankly embarrassingly frivolous of the GOP leader to shout out this.
This is a photo op, you need to invest in infrastructure, not give the rich and companys big tax breaks, 1.5 trillion could be used for infrastructure, you waste the money, we didnt want this and you know it!

.@SenTedCruz @RepGoodlatte @SenateGOP @HouseGOP  #DRRA PASSAGE IS OF UTMOST  IMPORTANCE  Stafford Act antiquated & does not meet the changing recovery needs after a natural disaster. #WeThePeople call on you to pass the Diaster Recovery Act get Puerto Rico & Houston updated!
Awesome
Pruitts sound proof phone booth, first class flights for cabinet members, $30,000 tables for HUD, Trumps golfing trips.  Sure, under budget.
you mean you are rebuilding after hurricanes? Perhaps the slowest most inept responses to natural disasters in US history. This is not ‘infra structure. @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
You mean “actively burning down the country for short-term profits for a select few wealthy donors.”  

There, fixed it for you.
Please provide an objective and provable example so that we can all agree with you.
Giving coal companies the right to dump waste in rivers. Limiting the extent to which consumers can sue financial institutions. Rolling back the rules that require financial advisors to put their client’s interests first. Reducing limits on tactics used by student debt collectors
Links please
Ok, sorry for the long silence, but I’m a dad and that comes first. 

Regarding dumping coal waste into rivers:
Regarding limiting consumer’s ability to sue financial institutions:
Unfortunately SOS DD
Boat ramps in Texas but still issues with homes,electricity in Puerto Rico... priorities?
You are seriously going to tout your commitment to Puerto Rican recovery? That's rich and tone-deaf; all in one article and tweet.  Actually do something in Congress instead of writing opinion pieces based loosely on fact.
You should analyze what it really takes to put the island back online and - if possible - 100% renewable, and put a realistic deadline in place that is kept and that is also a solid proof of your care for the American People in distress. Such a deadline could be 1st October 2018.
KEEP AMERICA GREAT! [Oba would hate this]
Tool.
So you finally get the boat ramp open , but the rest of the park is still closed . This long after the storm and still so much to do and you call that making it sturdy . Let us know when the rest of the park is done
You consider fixing a boat ramp “making America’s #infrastructure sturdy again?” Is this a joke!
TOPS
WTH is he leading with a 36 Liberty Score.  McCarthy is Exactly Why we elected Trump.  We're tired of the so called conservatives that call themselves R's.  TRAITOR to our country is more like it.  He's already a D he just needs to drop the R.


Bullshit.
Where, when, what, how and whats the cost and where u gettin the money. Inquiring  minds want to know. But with this administration you may never learn the truth. Seems like it's so much easier to lie. Oh yea, look who's in the white house, lying, cheating, Donald Trump
Stop fooling yourself
Doing a lot more than last President
Oh Texas, why should the rest of America foot the bill for Texas tourist investments when we do not benefit from these things and when other national disasters happen in other states they get peanuts compared to what Texas gets , much of Puerto  Rico still without power

Companies have announced $88.6 billion in stock buybacks since Jan. 1, more than double the $40.3 billion reported last year in the same period, according to Birinyi Associates. This year's year-to-date total is the second-largest amount for that period since 2009. @SpeakerRyan …
Really? What about the one trillion dollar deficit by 2020. Spending money our country does not have.
On time????
It’s, uh, not fully done yet, dip ....
The only thing you’re making “sturdy” is Your and the @GOP pocketbooks 
FIX IT!
I want to know who is the Loony who came up with the Stafford Act in the 1st place?





Sturdy again... it








Kevin McCarthy looking for a job so he is as^*# 
Congratulations! You got a boat ramp fixed! How's Puerto Rico??
Except it’s not on time, it’s highly underfunded, majorly limited in scope, and highly insecure. We The People are NOT pleased. #potus #epicfail #fakenews
Are these commode in open air?
Does this mean I can keep my health care?
not sure that was the jist of the article genius. read the whole thing, not just the picture caption
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/GOPLeader/status/987395206331985921 … (Ranked 7th for Apr 20.)
None of this matters as America sinks every day under the weight of global warming. Get to higher ground Houston.
On time and under budget
Famous last words from crooked trump!
Thank you !! President Trump just needs the right help to make America great again  !! God first then more to do !!
FAILURE.
MAKE AMERICA GAG AGAIN
Where's the article on Puerto Rico's electrical grid restoration?
You’ll grasp at anything.
We need these tax cuts! We need billions for infrastructure! Wtf? You guys are nuts!
What? If you all are going to come up with a bill like the so called tax cuts, leave it alone!
You cannot give aid to anyone that has a corrupt government like Puerto Rico. They have stolen the aid and warehoused much of it.
Another LIE
I know the GOP flunky for the president you're a stooge
you pour money into Puerto Rico and their crooked gov. steals it from the people clean that up first
McCarthy needs to be sent back to Bakersfield,Ca.  His only qualification for DC. stand behind trump with a stupid grin on his mug 

Who owns that highway?
ON TIME AND ON BUDGET IS GREAT NEWS! Just as it should be! Thank you!!!
AMEN!!!
@realDonaldTrump So we "recover" but leave your damaged outdated equipment in place for another future failure, can you say STUPID!  That's like leaving a defective heart in and just treating a symptom...not the cause.  DUMB PEOPLE!
And yet we have still people without electricity and clean water after a devastating hurricane. What explanation can you come up for turning your back on these Americans? Fix the problem. Grow up. "You are fired."

FIFA Worldcup 2018 Trophy Journy
http://sportsinlifee.blogspot.com/2018/04/fifa-worldcup-2018-trophy-journy.html …
Only an OPINION as the article is titled!
Build the wall sucka
The way to go. Secertaries executing @POTUS Trump policy. Keep at it.

Yet, 
I do not know well 
But, that's great
you mean tearing it down

New data shows the Trump administration has separated more than 700 children from their parents since October, including more than 100 children under the age of 4.…
Illegal is just that illegal, send their relatives back with them and problem solved.

More pork barrel spending, this with a 21T federal deficit.  Amazing.
Puerto Rico and Flint MI sturdy yet?  Nope, they sure aren't. Wonder why that is? Neither of you so called "leaders" will fix these issues, since there is no financial gain (profit, bribe, payoff) in doing so.  #MN03 #ReplacePaulsen #WeThePeople
Maybe now you all can do your job and give the country a budget and a balanced one not a pork filled one
u are fool，just
Did Trump try to privatize the construction bids to his friends in the GOP that have a chance to rip off tax payer money? I remember that do you? #fakenews
#PuertoRico ?
They've destroyed their own home and pay little or no taxes. Point the finger at them.
AGA
Opinion is just that. You know the old saying? Enjoy that thought.
Gfy
Total boondoggle. Should ban rebuilding.

It’s still infrastructure week?
We all need boat ramps...not. How about helper our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico before putting in boat ramps?!?
You all are a bunch of F—KING LIARS!  Just sickening!
On Time and Under Budget. And still, liberals complaint and cry. #MakingAmericaGreater 
Where and when? 
This is a terrible bill that pushes 80% of the cost to the states.  McCarthy, your party is evil and you will hever be speaker.  Why dont you quit trying to fuck evetybody but the 150,000 people who give you lots of money?
I’d like to know where the money’s coming from and where all the Skilled workers coming from to fix our infrastructure like welders pipefitters the plumbers etc..How do you fix infrastructure without train people
Has been in construction all my life.  Many left and found other professions when illegals started driving the wages down.  However that is changing and we have many that will come back, no shortage.
How is Renee??
Another example of a Republican “leader” throwing a completely false statement out there on the premise Americans will believe his nonsense. His base 33% will believe it. They believe anything. For the other 67% of us, it confirms once again McCarthy is a complete sleaze bag.
Kevin kisses this mans butt
How many rolls of paper towels did this take?
Seriously? They just suffered through an island-wide blackout. How is this sturdy again?
The extreme left would have you believe we could fix our failing infrastructure without it costing us anything. Obama spent billions and still bridges fell and our roads got worse. POTUS is spending money wisely giving us back safe travel and needed jobs for hard working America
Tell that to Puerto Rico.
God bless you both and your teams!
Sycophant
So your a Trump fan.
blah blah blah. 
I sure hope nobody is buying this crap.
Let me guess, required Russian steel like Keystone
#GUILTYtrump# #GUILTYtrump #SPANKY #SPANKY #SPANKY #RELEASEYOURTAXES #dontTRUSTtrump
Tell that to Puerto Rico.

Who do you support?
You’ll NEVER be Speaker
Under budget? Don’t make me laugh. POTUS is adisgrace to Americans!!!
Great job Mr. President.  So proud of you. Ypure our Cyrus, sir!.  Praying for you and your administration duly.
You spelled "in spite of" wrong...
Grammar police on patrol

BUNCH OF CONPLICIT COWARDS WHO ONLY CARE ABOUT BILLS BEING PASSED! WHAT ABOUT THE LACK OF DECENCY IN THE WHOUSE??? THIS PARTY IS TOAST!!!!!!!! I WILL NEEEVER VOTE FOR THIS REPUB PARTY LIKE I HAVE BEFORE!!!!!
can you really tweet that with a straight face?  The corrupt Trump administration and the GOP are destroying America in every way including infrastructure. This is why the majority of Americans want him and your party out.  Even your voter suppression efforts will fail. Bye bye!
What a clown!!
I hear Puerto Rico has an infrastructure issue.
Making our infrastructure sturdy???  How?  You’ve given all our money away to your pimps!!!  There’s nothing left!
Lei's start with THE WALL and change immigration laws  We the people are sick and tired of do nothing Repubs #buildwallnow
May we please Free Puerto Rico from the USA and free the USA from Puerto Rico?!
You just keep telling yourself that.
2yrs ago Republicans blocked DEFICIT-NEUTRAL infrastructure bill out of political spite:
Trump's plan will have #TrumpTolls across America. It relies on private companies & states to put up the majority of the money. But investors & large banks will want projects that generate a profit, so they'll charge the middle-class hundreds/yr in tolls.
Trump's Infrastructure Plan Puts Burden on State and Private Money ...
Trump's leaked infrastructure plan suggests a future sell-off of public land
Trump infrastructure push rolls back environmental rules
Trump's Infrastructure Council Mired With Conflicts of Interest - CityLab
Puerto Rico?
You are a traitor to the country for supporting the most corrupt president ever
Your doing a great job keep it up
BS! From the Nazi tea party. Vote all these people out!
bs
Muller and his cronies have cost taxpayers how much so far? Swamp People like to waste Deplorable Peoples money - it's about time to stop the waste
Yeah? Did you even read this article? It shits all over the Puerto Rico recovery. Good job, clown.

It’s in time and under budget because there is no schedule or budget. You’re killing it. Good job on doing nothing and meeting no deadlines. #Stupid
Where is this happening...not here in Ct
I hope you can get those foolish rules that hinder you from really helping people fixed.

Please liars
Hooray all the roads have been rebuilt. All the bridges have been rebuilt. All the railroads have been rebuilt. All the inner cities have been rebuilt. Another campaign promise NOT KEPT.
Sure Kevin - what about Puerto Rico? How's their infrastructure? They fight for the US & pay taxes too!
Some people don't realize that even though Puerto Rico and VI are part of the US they don't have congressional representatives only delegates with limited voting power
by which? After the tax reform and the enrichment of the rich, the banks and the industry, the US has no more money, which means that public debt will continue to rise... 
Stupid? but it is so...
No private toll roads !
Build the Wall!
Army Corps of Engineers making infrastructure better than what is was BEFORE Hurricane Maria. Where was leadership in Puerto Rico BEFORE Hurricane Maria?
US is not healthy.
Sorry for you guy but for a change things are great. Appreciate our @POTUS like all Americans should, be as one and Keep America Great
Its ok, but as an outsider you not ok. Sad to see you so not earthly and with the rest of us in our planet. Your small in mind and losing life!
What are you talking about? Infrastructure? No improvements here in Roanoke, VA.
I'm sure the poor people you've ignored for months are just incredibly grateful.
By DOING what? Puerto Rico is not America.
The level of hypocrisy of this admin. & Republicans who carry its water is staggering. After years of denying Climate Change & doing everything in your power to stop all measures presented to mitigate it, you jump to claim leadership in repairing its damage. GOP: $$ short & late!
Dork

That’s a yuge load of BS, right there!
Fake president fake facts just more bs
Kevin is a Trump ass-kisser wannabe SOTH.
Give me a break!


Don’t know about making America’s infrastructure great but surely this government will make country politicians & lobbyists wealthy & great. This is so disappointing.
I will definitely consider your kind & generous advice & is much appreciated. You are definitely a gentleman & true soldier of Trump. Good luck..
clean up your mess on the way out...
Sure ..I will definitely consider your advice. You are really gentlemen.
