As evidenced by the Trump Derangement Syndrome visible on this thread, the CIA controlled mockingbird media is very good at what they do. Funny to watch all these folks announcing to the world that they have been brainwashed by displaying their TDS.
By the end of Trump's second term, the spell of mockingbird media propaganda will have been exposed and broken, and Mr. Trump will be widely recognized as greatest president in US history for what he has done in draining the swamp here and around the world. Thank u Mr. President!
A tip to speed awakening for those with TDS: MSM is not your friend. Whatever they're promoting is likely harmful to u. Whoever they're criticizing is likely your friend. They've aligned with an evil cabal that has infected our whole world, but especially this country. Wake up!
When you insist that the entire media is in league with a shadow gov't and the only honest man in town is Trump, you announce to the world that your ideas are not to be taken seriously.
Strawman argument brother - this is one of the classic ways that TDS expresses. None of the above is accurate. There are a few outliers of media sanity, and Trump is far from perfect. But he is kicking the swamp's ass, and for that he is to be commended.
Please tell me where u got that righteous pot from brother, #donniedumbass has done nothing but line his pockets with taxpayer dollars cronies pockets , he lies when the truth sounds better , he demands fealty not seen since Henry the 8th make no mistake history is watching
Your thoughts are not your own friend. Your mind has been hacked. Its not too late, reject the blue pill and come back to reality. Not to worry, reality will be banging on the doors of your imprisoned perception over the next several years to assist your awakening.
How is the weather in Vladivostok Russian troll?
As a native Californian, I can say you are right. We are not happy!!!

We are not happy with your corrupt, treasonous leadership. 

Stay out of California. 

#WorstPresidentEver #PutinPuppet
As a native Californian, I disagree with you Johnny.
#BestPresidentEver 
#NotABot
What I’d like to know YOLOnda is how you quantify him as the greatest president ever?  What has he done that even makes him better than Arthur, or Harding or Tyler?  People throw that around so flippantly but I ask how can you say that with a straight face?  What has he done?
Try watching REAL factual news and the you wouldn’t ask that silly question. Do your homework.
I’m in favor of using our national guard troops to keep you out of my state.
I'm in favor of using our national guard troops to arrest your governor...for starters.
We like our governor. Please stay in Ohio.
Psst! It’s a bot. Don’t engage.
Thanks. The idiocy of the trumpsters makes me crazy.
Happens to all of us. 

It also matters that he obviously was on drugs on at least 1 of the 'debates' w HRC.

Those Trumpers and Their Alternative Reality..
I am a Californian and I am very happy with our state’s leadership and their willingness to stand up to you.
“..crime infested & breeding concept”? That’s ripe.
@TheView 
Once again, I declare, Mr. Trump (I will not use the word President), is desperate and delusional. He shames the word President and 
is a danger to the country.

Desperate + delusional = DANGEROUS. 

#NotMyPresident
#ShameOnTrump 
#DesperateDelusionalDangerous
You are despised here. We are only unhappy because you are president


You are right Mr. President! California is a mess. We want our state back!
Leave #California alone. We are doing just fine. You have bigger things to worry about #Stormy #PeePeeTape #CohenHannity #MuellerIsComingForYou #TrumpTaxScam #BlueTsunami
Can you remind me how much you lost the popular vote in California alone?
You mean cause of dead an illegals voting why haven’t the blue states shown their voter roles? He won the popular too An he will again your welcome
Zach, I’ll say a silent prayer for your critical thinking skills tonight #dope
Yeah...
Thoughts and prayers for your mind, Zach. @zachofaltrades
Or, maybe a good shrink and proper medication.
So it’s ok to have folks here without proper knowledge of who they are give them free aid at your expense against our laws an you’re saying I’m the one that needs counseling
Since impeachment may be too light. Maybe we can add Crimes against the State. I'd prefer Treason. Then NY state is going to get you.
Amazing how much you hate CA, can you explain why 40 Million people live here and our economy is the 6th largest in the world?
How about you focus on being President and quit attacking everyone that isn’t like you. You can try to be like us start with quit lying all the time

#ICallBullShit Lie after lie after lie! #TwitterBitchTrump #TrumpCrimeFamily Their coming for you! 
Impeach Governor Jerry "Moonbeam" Brown.
They do like their balanced budget. You’ve blown up our deficit while giving tax cuts to the greedy rich. You’ll bankrupt us just like you did all your businesses and we can’t turn to Russia for help like you did.

Could you please explain what a “breeding concept” is? #DonTheCon #MuellerTime #LyingTrump
BUILD THE WALL. DEPORT ALL ILLEGAL ALIENS, INCLUDING DACA NOW.

U.S. ARMY RETIRED
More people want you out of the White House
So you were okay with sexual assault
pedophilia
larceny
lying
rape 
corruption
manipulation
tyranny
narcissism
homophobia
racial profiling 
Racism 
Xenophobia & a whole host of other of his qualities??? Scary to know there are brain dead people like you walking amongst the living
That sounds more like Democrats than anything for lying stealing selling the f****** world to the Russia
99% of the comments back to him are stupid try have better replies in respect to what he is actually saying how many Sanctuary areas are the people not happy Is security an issue to the people  are the people of California out marching in the streets against what he is saying?
No, they are pretty happy.
wrong. Proud of our states stand. Ones don’t want it are Orange County. Scared of ppl they gate their own communities.
How did you determine the people weren't happy?  Did you take a poll?  Visit the area?  Send an envoy?  Or is this another "Trumpism" (a Trumpism is just a lie that a Trump, or Kushner, says to get what they want)?
Have the DOJ arrest Jerry Brown and Xaiver Beccera for obstruction of Justice !
might be difficult since that list contains him as well
 You seem triggered.
Mr. Cool wins the award for the most ironic Twitter name. So uncool.
California hates your guts. We didn’t vote for you & don’t support anything you do. You’re lying to your base again! It’s sad that they believe anything your pathological lying self says. You are absolutely pathetic!
California is on the verge of getting hit by a YUGE and Beautiful RED (Tsunami) Wave, the likes like we've never seen before...VOTE VOTE VOTE!!!!!!
I’m guessing your from the Central Valley or somewhere like Redding. If you want a red state start packing your bags. Or sit back and be thankful that the majority of Californians are too educated to allow that to ever happen. 
If Cris had children, I highly recommend his family to move to Oklahoma.
ONLY four days school in a week. Kids can have more fun time. CA can't beat that.
Kansas also a great place to live.

This Californian can tell you- LOVE Brown, love sanctuary, LOVE kindness and compassion for people who work hard at risky jobs and seek refuge from danger in home country, seek opportunity. Don’t bring GOP hate to our state.

Fk u u pos
Funny that I'm not seeing this sort of reaction from any California residents, just one angry WH resident who spends half his time in Florida.
Racist much?
OUR STATE IS JUST FINE WITHOUT YOUR CRAP SLICK..OUR ECONOMY IS GREATER THEN ALL STATES..WE RESPECT ALL RACES..CREED..AND COLOR...CAN'T WAIT FOR THE MID TERMS.THE WAVE STARTS HERE!!!!
Yeah its if not better late then never then its long over due and about time
Actually, we're OK. In fact, for the first time ever, Orange County flipped to blue during YOUR election. THE #1 REPUBLICAN STRONGHOLD. Sure, there are a few old white guys unhappy about brown people.... There always will be, but we all laugh at them.
I live in California. The only people bitching about Sanctuary Cities are the same people that think that "America" is a "white nation." In short, they couldn't make it to Charlottesville, but they wanted to.
Accurate.

Don’t presume to speak for Californians. What you know about California would fit on the head of a pin.
To be fair, the entirety of what he knows could fit on the head of a pin. With room to spare.

I can't believe that your that naive and all you know to do is flip somebody off that's real intelligence course that's the way with Democrats they don't know too much all I know is tax and spend and criticize and obstruct and try to tear up the country and our constitution
We know about punctuation.
Thanks Kate. So I didn’t have to.
Sooooooo many
“Breeding”
Also a CA here. Used heroin needles line the streets of SF, mentally deranged skitsos on drugs. Decades of Dem controlled cities don’t work!
This sounds exactly like how people in Nashville or St. Petersburg would cartoonishly describe SF if they’ve never been there
I live there. Don’t tell me. U must live in a cocoon?  Or you look the other way. So many mentally ill in SF it’s frightening #LiberalLies
You don’t live in the city.
I do. You don’t lazy one. By your iwn words. You are a liar and you are so afraid Potus is going to put you to work. Dems won’t protect you
JERRY BROWN is Destroying the Great State of California, he Depends on The Hispanic Votes And does Not Support Law Enforcement !!
He has Turned into a Dictator of the State and NEEDS to be REMOVED  !!!
He Will Not Support the Laws Of the Land !!
California Guard had been working Border and Counterdrug missions for many, many years...this is not a new concept. The Guard is already there. Why isn't any one reporting this? Guard cannot be civilian law enforcement, cannot arrest, etc civilians - Posse Comitatus Act.
Good morning #AGolfTwitler whatcha Lying about today shitbird??? You shitting your parties today Donny?? It’s funny and yet depressing watching this clown car you call your administration...can’t wait till Mueller  rings you down! #TrumpCrimeFamily #PutinsFatBitch
Disgusting. “Breeding”? You’re speaking about human beings and human lives, not a rat infested house. Your values are rotten to the core
This subtly dehumanizing language is disgusting.
I agree, though I see nothing subtle about it. Those who don't see it are simply looking the other way.
Most of us are just hoping you’re done breeding....
California is a sewer. I can smell its stench all the way over here on the east coast.
Wrong. The people of this state (the 6th largest economy in the world) know that treating people with dignity and respect is essential. We do  NOT want to waste our $ and energy for your silly and unnecessary wall. Net migration < 0
As a Californian, I completely disagree with you, @realDonaldTrump . Stop speaking for me. Also, I don't know what revolution you are seeing, because I haven't met anyone in the last two months that agree with you, and I live in a republican area.
Please continue to help us take back our once great State of California. The Lib/Dems have ruined it for all of us. We don’t feel safe. Open borders have created an explosion of homelessness. We have too high housing costs and high taxes. Many middle income fams have moved out!
Where have you been? Born and raised here !! It is a dem state very very liberal... thank God We Love it just the way it is
Speak for yourself.
I live in California and...

“WRONG!”
Why do we allow POTUS to speak like this????   Just plain wrong!!
Thank God that I no longer live there!  After retiring from the Army in 2010, I chose Nevada to live!  When I learned about all the idiotic BS, example: plastic bag tax, sales tax is what 9.25%?  Gov. Brwn, if you want to call him a gov. allowing and accepting sanctuary state law
U know the impact plastic has on r environment? It ends up in oceans, rivers, lakes..it fills up 80% of landfills, and takes 500 years 2 decompose. Hell yes we impose a plastic bag fee! We’re trying 2 reduce usage in the best interest of the environment. What’s ur contribution?
Please Californians let the revolution begin!
Why are Spanky and the GOP purposely trying to divide the UNITED States of America by attacking states and pitting one against the other? Is this a directive from Putin?
Goodness you are so inept at actual leadership all you can to do is try and tear down anyone or anything that doesn't fit your rooted in racism agenda. You just aren't a good person, or president. #sigh
After the presidential pardons of Joe Arpaio and Scooter Libby, it seems that Washington DC is the real sanctuary city.
What planet do you live on? Look at the multitude of pardons that Obama made for people who are responsible for hundreds of lost lives due to the illicit selling of drugs. If you support that kind of person, you are no better than they are.
So which part are you disputing: that Arpaio and Libby were convicted of crimes, or that they were pardoned by the president?
Immigrants don’t “breed.” They have families.  It’s the heartless, Nazi bigots and their unprincipled, demented demagogue supporter in the White House who are best characterized as “breeding” like unwanted parasites in our otherwise happy and proud nation.
Talk about a beginner. You wouldn't know a Nazi if one came up and saluted you in your face. Your "Nom de plume" says it all!
Ich bin schlauer als du weißt, Schweinehund!
Just stop tweeting please. I say let's build a wall around you to keep the people safe.
Actually, this comes to mind when I think of a “ridiculous, crime infested & breeding concept”...
#MuellerTime #TrumpRussia #MichaelCohen
True. Hopefully CA realizes what a mess the Democrats have made of this once great state.
LOL. Cali has always been Democratic and a great place. Why don't you move?
Ur funny.  Lol
"Breeding" is a term reserved for animals. Racist much?
Nah, we good.
Oh, the irony of the guy with 5 (or 6) kids with 3 (or 4) different women talking about 'breeding concept'.
You made me laugh with that comment!  #stillisaydumptrump
The only revolution going on is to GET YOU OUT OF OFFICE.   Sorry you may have passed the physcal examination but you could never pass a psychiatric examination. #TheResistance2018

Actually, most of us agree with the Governor.
please do the right thing and resign. please. #resignnow #trumpresign #RacistPresident #POTUS #abouttobeimpeached

WE ARE VERY HAPPY!! You can’t speak for us Trump leave us alone we don’t want anything to do with you and that’s more than half of California speaking
It's not the majority of  ppl in those citys though! & You'll see that as we vote out anyone who sides with you on this!! #LoveTrumpsHate
It’s not California that wants safety and security. You’re thinking of  Puerto Rico. 

#PuertoRicoRelief 
#ProtectMueller 
#ImpeachTrump
Breeding???  Wow, hey...tuck it in...you’re “racism” is showing. 
IMPEACH RUMP YESTERDAY!

I love the comedy on here. Brilliant.  
‘Breeding’ is a racist term & you should be ashamed to utilize it. Use your resources to learn more about poverty & what it’s doing to this Nation.
Wtf do you mean breeding? I swear, your teachers didn’t tech you how to strike up an argument with support. Read a book on how arguments work before opening up your ridiculous mouth. No wonder people in other countries hate us, look who we got as our president.
We don't want your type of breeding either..that's the problem with America now the hatred and bigotry. If you are people of color have to face. All other cultures in this land have had family members killed arrested unfairly, rights taken from them beaten....
Money,  land, stripped of jobs, children starving, Healthcare taken away from the poor, seniors dying from no proper care, the mentally ill being abused, shall I go on! NOOO MR.TRUMP..we don't want your type of breeding either. You're lacking of humility, your gluttony for greed
You're insatiable appetite for breeding and teaching lawlessness, your contempt for the moral character of this country, your continued apps of prostituting your position as president. (PAY FOR PLAY), a man whose character is lacking all that is decent and honest and caring, ....
Californians, Save your State from Total Implosion! Vote in Conservatives who Support @realDonaldTrump @Liz_Wheeler @TomiLahren @michellemalkin @GrahamLedger @IngrahamAngle
God Bless Jerry Brown.
Breeding concept?!
You really need to resign. the only infestation going on is at the #WhiteHouse  and especially the #TrumpCrimeFamily 

Should Trump Resign Now?
The Blue Wave is coming in California. All the red seats are in jeopardy. Many people are saying this. You watch now. This will be HUGE! #FakePresident
You bet we want out from under Brown and all his high brow snobs that have something to lose or they wouldn't  be so upset.
Breeding is what the Drumpfs did. It should have been stopped about 80 years ago.
Resign
Who tells you this stuff? Or you just make it up all by yourself?
Revolution in California? Awesome, count me in! #TrumpTreason
Idiot
Seriously, man, what the fresh hell is wrong with ypu?
Want A real POTUS NOW! The American People want out of this ridiculous, crime infested breeding concept of Criminal Behavior in the White House soooooooo many people R not happy want security & safety NOW!
Speaking of the breeding concept of crime infestation.  Are you an expert in this area because of your own children?
The problem Cali has is everyone is trying to get in.  Except you.  Hey, has Cohen rolled yet?
Cruel, racist.
“Breeding concept”?
I'm from California and as usual you are sooooo wrong.  Sad!  Want you not POTUS.  NOW!  Share your tax returns to clear the air.
Shame on you
Breeding concept? Please e plain #breeding concept
Lord have mercy. You truly don't know how you sound, do you?
"Breeding." What are you talking about, livestock?
I would still like to know what was meant by "breeding concept"
Breeding? Ever heard of the expression "People who live in a glass house, shouldn't throw stones."
I am from california & i dont appreciate Brown or Pelosi protecting illegal criminals over protecting us Californians build the wall bring in the guard yes POTUS please protect us from extreme left that run our state prosecute them both for obstruction of justic save california
Yes we do santuary cities are just a place to harbour criminals and fugitives and illegals nothing good there
Why do we keep letting these law breakers get away with this, time to send illegals home. Enforce the laws.
Seriously, they are guilty of #Treason, or at the very least, #Sedition!
Send in the #USA Marshals when the #California Assembly is in session and #LockThemUp, send to #Gitmo for proper waterboarding.
CA. ALREADY has the National Guard at the border. When ever will you cease desist being a total ignoramus. Get informed about the already existing NG+ Border Patrol for over 10+ years, alongside the CA.Coast Guard paroling the waters non stop.2010 article.
You shouldn't be able to "breed!"
Just pretend he's talking about jewish people and then tell me this guy isn't racist
Well said, so hence  put his comments in another directive and you can see what he is getting at.  Racisism and bigotry through and through, he has this hate for Mexicans  that is like Hitlers were against the Jews.
Let California secede from the country. They are on a different astral plane than the rest of the country. Freaking bleeding heart liberals. Celebrity bully pulpits- sick of their agendas
I can tell you that North of Sacramento to the Oregon Border would be thrilled to become our own State.  We would become the State of Jefferson a God fearing, Constitutional place, with awesome industry and one of the largest reservoir's in Ca. Lake Shasta 365 miles of shoreline
Do you ever do anything productive?  I see less on social media from 16 year olds

The blue Wave
You are the greatest danger to America. All you are is a empty shell looking for praise.
You should also see about the problem of Governor Cuomo in NY, he is condemning an ICE Raid calling it illegal. He is against the concept of giving Americans rights over Illegal Immigrants.  Signed, a Concerned New York State Resident.
Yes!!! HELP SAVE US!! AND SAVE CALIFORNIA!!
I see so many indignant Californian’s on this post, but most of the country is amazed at the stupidity of California’s governor and legislature. Anti-business, anti-security, anti-America...looks like a kindergarten state to me.
You PROMISED to have Mexico pay for "The Wall ". Then you said they would pay for it in other ways. Why should we as tax payers have to put up our money on a maybe return? All you need to do is get some of your billionaire friends to pony up the cash # Keep your campaign promises
Hey if your not happy with politics in California go live in another. We won't miss you. And Trump dont come here looking for donations. If you don't lime us then dont come here. We dont need you or the federal government.
From the “Real World”

Let's see if I get it right.
One guy gets one, two, three wives to breeding. The result can be disastrous.
Was I talking about you, Mr. President? Who knows?
YOU should have stopped “breeding” decades ago.
The problem for Donny Bone Spurs is that except for a small group of hard core supporters no one believes a word he says.
That’s how little you know about Southern California.
“Breeding concept”?
#fucktrump
Want a sane, competent president now!
What, do you just make this crap up?
You don't need California law enforcement to serve as extra ICE agents.  You are already doing too much damage.  Wish we had protection from your administration's assault on our environment, values and democracy.
I’m happy in San Francisco. I #standwithlibby and Oakland.
I heard Californians are desperate to move states like Mississippi or Alabama, but the job market is just too competetive in those MAGAt dens of safety and security.
"Breeding" this pig sounds like a slave holder. Gives us a good idea what he means about "MAGA".
Steele is British and Steele got his info from Russian agents and intell. The Dossier is fake Russian rhetoric and the Democrats used this to smear an innocent man. This is call Democratic McCarthyism and corruption.
This election crap in CA is crazy, How about CA letting illegal's vote and protecting illegal criminals over the safety of citizens? Democrats are endangering all Americans!
President Trump is working for America and cares about the American people.
President Trump is the best president in decades.
You're a despicable human being. A true racist. You're the most loathed Whitehouse resident in history. I cannot wait until Mueller names your crimes and treason.
Don, so early in the day? Now you know how we felt for 8 years. Wouldn't lay all your hopes on Mueller. Better chance of winning enough seats in Nov and impeaching him. Then However you will prob have Pence for 11 years.
Mike  Pence isn't unbalanced. I don't like all of his positions but I rarely like all positions of any President. I separate Trump from the GOP. I annoy people because I will not paint all people of any party with the same brush. I strongly believe we need strong parties
If I were to run for president, Me'Shash would be my Vice President..
Would you vote for us?
What's "breeding concept"?
No answer....
@HallieJackson @chucktodd @Morning_Joe @MSNBC Mr Trump when Muller is done with u & the Judge gives u a life sentence in a Federal Pen with a high population of Mexicans u put there, b careful of their BREEDING CONCEPTS, b brave & act like a man, good luck
Donald Trump is the only honest man in Washington DC
#WorstPresidentEver
Btw Sir, is the UN aware that the Royal sovereign maritime military hospital held in Murcia has been taken by Spain and all their inhabitants held hostages for about 200 yrs , incl diplomatiques , milit and politics .
Fake News
Taylor ended you
#TrumpIsARacist.  This tweet confirms it (you know, in case some of his cultists are still too ignorant to see it).
There is a Resistance going on in America. Sooo many want my ridiculous, crime infested & breeding corruption OUT of the country. I am trying to back out toward russian Border, but Mueller will be waiting for me there. I am not happy. America Wants election Security & Safety NOW!

Want u gone, NOW
Want impeachement NOW!
Enough of the sanctuary bs. By law a sanctuary DOESNT make money , certainly not from booze drugs animal factory meet . The laws are stricte and disciplined .  California has NO SANCTUARY . but immigration 8nvasion controlled by corruption. Period
Breeding concept?
"Breeding" - you're trying to dehumanize immigrants. You make me sick
ICE budget is $6 BILLION.. Why are you insisting already overworked and underfunded city and state law enforcement agents do the work of ICE agents too? That means citizens pay two or three or four times the taxes to do one job. Be a jobs creator and hire more ICE agents.
I’ve lived in California since ‘74. I know this to overall be NOT true! Stop stirring the pot and do some real work for ALL the people of this country.
When you say breeding...are you referring to the Russian women who are living in your properties around the USA who come here to give birth? If so, YES, totally.
Go home. You're drunk.
I live in California and I haven't noticed anything different
Here’s a news flash for you. Californians voted overwhelmingly for HRC. Not only do they love her, they also hate you. With good reason. No one likes a guy who is so egocentric that he’s incapable of truth. You can tweet all the BS you want. In the end, Mueller will indict.
there's a new contraceptive on the market DESIGNED BY  #TrumpSupporters in collaboration with stormy d . what do you think.
And you wonder why people think you're racist.
Says the white male who breeds inferior stock white children from his inferior white seed.
Speaking of Security and Safety NOW , when is it that you are going to resign.  If I were you I'd do it before you are Impeached after Novemeber, and before indictments follow your removal.  I mean you should cut your losses, before you lose it all.
You sir are the direct meaning of full on racist. And how can you speak for California. Your ass won't even come here and chat with us. You don't care about Californians one bit. So shut your mouth
What?! I'm  how old? That’s like almost dead in doggy years. Here’s hoping i make the most of the few years i have left.Happy birthday to me
The revolution is against Trump.
You’re such a liar it’s sad.
There is hope in my home state yet. Get out and vote. Stop paying billions for illegals every year that you pay with your hard earned  taxes. They have no loyalty for this country and don't assimilate. We have room for one flag and that's the stars and stripes.
Speaking as a citizen of California...
Breeding concept?  Nazi
As a native Californian; this wanton homelessness lifestyle including the sanctuary cities, is taking down our cities’ safety, beauty, cleanliness, property value & businesses. No one wants it or more taxes, & the politicians who push this down our throat - Throw the bums out.
Using a word only a blatantly racist, white nationalist would use, Trump cannot any longer pretend to be a decent American. He has crossed a terrible line. The neo-nazis must be cheering to hear the president use the word "breeding". His shamelessness grows deeper every day.
WRONG!
