Trump needs to be wounded#hehasnoclue
MAGA!
bravo!!!
Good job Mr president, truly MAGA 
#realdonaldtrump
The different between @POTUS and @BarackObama is very big! You know why? Barack was full of love for Americans for hi’s wife and children and Trump all he want is more power.  my heart was into the pieces  when the Americans chose trump 
what world do you live in?  He is the only president in 10+++years who gives a hoot for America and the PEOPLE of America!  Barack O just wanted to give our country away . our uranium, our social security. etc.  Thank POTUS for believing and loving America
At last we have a President who honors our warriors who have given their whole for our country, and by their choice!

Draft dodger Trump doesn't deserve to be in their presence. 
He didn't have any "loyalty" when his name was called to serve. He also didn't have any problems playing sports on the "bone spurs" that kept him from serving. Trump doesn't know the meaning of service.
Another FAKE NEWS LEFTY!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  Please #ReleaseTheTexts between #Page and #Stork with NO redactions.
These criminals should be prosecuted.

Thank you #veterans. Thank you @POTUS

Trump's awkward response when he was asked what he bought for wife's birthday https://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/trump-suggests-didnt-buy-birthday-12432469 … 
Happy birthday Melania, here’s a $130,000 in hush money.
Maybe it is none of anyone’s business.  I have not gotten a birthday present in years.  Don’t need one.  If I want something I buy it.  For some it is just enough to spend time with those you care about.
@foxandfriends brought it up. Take up your beef with them.
Trump.
These ghosts will haunt you.
Hoping @realDonaldTrump won't make a racist comment as he did when supposedly honoring the Navajo, but instead made it about him & ironically dishonored those he was supposed to be honoring. @navajotimes @CNN @maddow @CoreyBooker @SenWarren @NativeTimes @SmithsonianNMAI @NBCNews
.It's sad that Dems, in 2010 Omnibus, drew a dividing line btwn the brotherhood of vets, dividing them into pre&post- 9/11.

Now its wholly acceptable to practice #AgeDiscrimination against elder vets, who've been specifically denied equal benefits to their younger counterparts?
This was wrong!
He does not care about wounded warriors, but do they care for him? Do not donate to them. The terrorist billionaire trump swamp can donate because they have the money & they start wars for profit. Shame on wounded warriors.
Remember this?
So he can insult more than he already has.
#LOCKTRUMPUP
#MAAGA
Thank you to ALL our #Military
https://twitter.com/donnawr8/status/989396482666192897?s=21 … #MAGA #TRUMP #USA
‘The search of Michael Cohen’s office in New York was an ACT OF TERROR! MUELLER knew it was going to happen. ROSENSTEIN authorized it!…
#ISTANDWITHGENFLYNN
Thank you! #MAGA #USA
Fuck of. 
no War

"I like people who weren't captured." President Trump on Navy CAPT John McCain and POWs

FAKE!!!!!!!
Good for you, Captain Bonespurs. #Hypocrisy
I love to see a president backing our veterans and a great military thank you vice president and thank you president Donald Trump.
We need to remember how different this is from Obama and the Democrats.
Thank you President & VP
Bravo ! La noi sunt ignorați și morții și vii, chiar în anul centenarului !
He is definitely Americas people President. God Bless.
Through him God will make America great again.
POTUS do something about the Fed, and the manipulation of gold and silver and get us back on the gold standard. Debt is insane 21 trillion God bless you I’m praying always for our country and you.
Thank You all for your service!
Why do you can insult them because they were wounded?  Stay away warriors. He will only denigrate your sacrifice.
Respect for true heroes and THE PRESIDENT
Bien por nuestro Presidente, honrar honra Gracias, .
Any http://Puertoriquans.my  father went to Korea &my uncle to Vietnam.? Hello 
Great job N and S Korea summit
Says “thank you for doing what I was too scared to do.”
.President ? ? ? ?
ROFLMFAO.

Y'all mean #BoneSpurs, amirite ?

Or mehbee #ShitHole.

Or mehbee Mobster.

Or mehbee #FingMoron.

#GetWoke.
#GetReal !

@realdonaldtRUMP @flotus #fwotus @SHSanders45 @PressSec @SarahHuckabee #SorriSari
#DraftDodgingCoward #BoneSpurCadet @realDonaldTrump
MUELLER was a wounded veteran also maybe you and Donnie should invite Mr Mueller to the White House for a chat
God bless our heroic women and men.
Does he know what a warrior looks like? Thr boss was literally cutoff by Fox execs while ranting. Followed his own DoJ using his own words in a legal filing. Was he with Christian Alex Jones all alone all night? Same guy claiming Sandy Hook was a conspiracy. Worried about health?
Thank you Vice President.Please don’t let the left keep you from appearing at and supporting the NRA .Millions of legal law abiding gun owners are ready to welcome you.Dont cave to the leftist.
Oh look, Captain Bonespurs welcomes vets, how sweet...
Hello can f the fjr fake endurance c
wounded where?  we should not be fighting anywhere in the world    get out of syria
The United States is now Kim Jong UN the Devil tell seduction being be. Catastrophic to undergo will immediately preemptive hit by Kim Jong UN to beheaded should United States and Korea is safe. South of m also believe not be.
Salute and gratitude
Looks like crisis actors to me. @realDonaldTrump hire some fake vets?

Trump definitely cares about our Veterans.  Is evident in getting “Choice” for medical insurance as the VA needs new leadership to shift out of the status quo culture.
@Luciano09480407
Show them your bone spures.tell them that kept you from serving
You are so crazy! Nothing politically correct! It does not have to be! But just a nutcase of courage to do what you do good. You're a great patriot! You represent me! You represent the world right! @realDonaldTrump @jairbolsonaro together and ensuring a better world! @WhiteHouse
I'd take a bullet before I'd touch president pussygrabbers tiny, nasty hands
Draft dodging pussygrabber...so proud...you couldn't pay me to touch his pervert hands...
MUELLER was a wounded warrior why don't you invite him to the White House and sit down and chat with him ?????
Nice job.
Thank American's soldiers who sacrificed their lives and health for Korea. We appreciate their minds forever.
We own EVERYTHING to OUR VETERANS not to few SOBs in DC. GOD BLESS OUR SOLDIERS
Purple! North Korea's Kim Jong-un revealed a horrible horror that the wicked man would not abandon the nuclear weapons! - America will be safe if it blows all the way to the front and beheads Kim Jong Eun and his demons.
I beg you, I want to travel to America, I beseech you, my lord
#DrainTheDeepState ##MakeAmericaGreatAgain #KeepAmericaGreat2020 #BuildTheWall
Great President
You leave me with a very bad taste in my mouth. You don’t care about the veterans. It’s all about you.


After @Oprah was thought to possibly run for the presidency. Pence posted a FALSE & DECEPTIVE video to attack & inflame, that said Oprah wanted White ppl to die. He out-offended @realDonaldTrump on that hateful racist lie @NAACP @dscc @CNN @CNNPolitics @OfficialCBC @maddow @AC360
“It is a dangerous world out there — it's scary, like Vietnam,” Trump said in a 2004 clip dug up by BuzzFeed News.

“It is my personal Vietnam. I feel like a great and very brave soldier.”
Trump’s only true battle was in the bedroom.

Years before running for President, Trump boasted on Howard Stern’s show about surviving his brave challenges of sleeping around with women who might have sexually transmitted diseases.
Felicidades !
Why, to compensate the
Kind of you Trump.
Is it me or is Trump the first President that actually draws attention to all veterans and active military issues, run Trump run!!
Ironic. 
@POTUS knows how to honor and  appreciate our veterans. Obama not only ignored their terrible VA care, but hemorrhaged as much intel, money, and arms as humanly possible to our enemies abroad. 
In a word Treason.
Proud men going to the white house!
Wonderful very nice
Donald Trump you are trying to subliminally and intentionally turn people against Americans by playing their emotions to gain submission to you# for false praises of their own situations. You're lower than contents of an outhouse! A hypocrite & liar.
Draft dodger has no clue he got turned on bc 1 played gold he could care less wanted a drunk drug head doctor in charge of them
Nominates a drunk to care for them.
Honestly man, I looked at the faces behind you while you were speaking, they looked like they hated you.

That does look a lot like you Nicolas, did you lose some weight? 
A SOLDIER DOESN'T MATTER FROM WHICH COUNTRY HE/SHE IS SHOULD BE RESPECTED I WONDER Y PAKISTAN HAS NOT LEARN THIS ART THEY SHOULD RESPECT OUR SOLDIERS AS WE DO BUT THEY BEHEAD THEM!! THERE ARE SOME WAR ETHICS & THEY SHOULD B FOLLOWED!!NICE STEP MR TRUMP I LIKED IT!!!
.
Carry on
.
Charge on
.
MAGA
.
#MAGA
.
#CarryOn
.
#ChargeOn
.
And probably said mean things as soon as they were out the door!  He went from that to eating cheese burgers & yelling at the TV!
While cutting food stamps from our veterans...sigh
Explain?
“I tried to hire a totally unqualified, drunken lacky to take care of all your health needs, but hey... welcome to the White House!” - D. Drumpf
Well the former community organizer fucked the healthcare system for the next 50 years
I forgot what a president with a heart and compassion looks like.Thank Mr.President 
U R out of your f....ed mind!

@VP @POTUS @tedcruz will you also fight for #AlfieEvans?  It is an atrocity against human rights that his parents are not allowed to take him to another hospital for a second opinion or treatment. It is no better than Assad gassing children or Russia poisoning a spy. Thank you.
Poor things

Is that Woody harelson?
Prayers for our veterans all.
This is lovely
Yes Susan it is ...
Hey how are you?
I am fine thank you , how about yourself ?
Doing ok thank you. House stuff today so I can multitask do my house stuff and text lol
Glad to hear that you are well Susan , keep well and Safe dear friend .
Thank you
We only have 20?
Aleluyaaa..

It's an embarrassment.... "president bone spurs" greeting these heros. TRUMP NOT WORTHY.
Happy birthday Mrs. Melania Trump!
Donna us a troll.
Mr. BONE- -  SPUR'S  - - SCAM'S OUR MILITARY MEMBERS WHO GAVE SACRIFICES.. WHAT A SHAME!!! THE WEASEL IN OUR WHITE HOUSE!!!  SUCK'S
Maybe there would be less wounded warriors if we would stay out of wars we don't belong in. It's more than disgusting hearing we r staying in Syria for long haul. Guess MAGA is a falsehood.
When ever the president screws up, which is very often he does photo ops with police,military or fire dept!
Im a wounded warrior TOO!
Happy Birthday Mrs. Trump!!!
Let’s not ignore the 22 a day dying for lack of care because he’s doing photo ops and not his job fixing the VA
The draft dodger has the nerve to welcome and shake the hands of these hero’s ....he has no shame
Ah, excellent - you got your photo-op with the vets. You can go back to ignoring us now, I guess. #dumbass
Awesome
STOP S.447  
THANK GOD FOR THIS GREAT AMERICAN!!!
Suckup!!!!
That is much better than multi millionaires that play a game.
Perfect.
President Bush
Funny how they graciously accepted the invite but the millionaire athletes can’t
Millionaire athletes aren’t hungry disabled vets in need.
@VP did he make fun of them like the reporter he mocked?
Remember this?
Legitimate commander in Chief missing!
#CadetBoneSpurs
They will smell the stench of the #FakePresident
How ironic that a draft dodger welcomes these heroes. Your a disgrace Cadet Bone Spur.
Draft dodger president ...lol...wounded pride all he ever felt
Earn $400+up /mo just by driving where you already drive! Passive income at its easiest!
@realDonaldTrump @VP @PressSec @FLOTUS @SecondLady
Don't forget our female #Veterans.

I'd be willing to bet that none of these brave warriors would have allowed heel spurs to stop them from serving.
That’s not fair.  After all he fought through the pain to play golf
Too funny. Made my day. Thanks.
Disabled Veteran here.  My 5+ long year fight continues against the Veterans Benefit Administration - not one ounce of help, just delay, delay, delay until they decide when I can take them to court!  Disgusting!  Fire all the VBA decision review officers that get paid to deny!
You don’t deserve to be in their presence
Shhhit they need the united states in that bi. Seriously... All my wounded people
The whole!!!
At least they are not #lazyamericayouths
DON'T THINK 0BAMA EVER DID! HE HATED THE MILITARY & ALWAYS HAS
Just because you aren't a war mongering buffon, doesn't mean you hate the military. Think a little.
It's about time a President is back in the White House that appreciates Law Enforcement & the Military!!!
Only a great president like President Trump really recognizes these heroic Americans unlike Obama who's completely anti-American and give away American Futures to illegals
AMAZING, RESPECT OUR WOUNDED WARRIORS
But Trump doesn't like Warriors who get wounded
It's not nice to lie
Please help Alfie Evens.
Trying to fill the VA Sec without the best, where do you come off.  People, need to really take a good look at what and where you are trying to lead the USA.  It is getting scary..
That sounds about right thier more into getting donation's than helping Veterans
None of your family have ever served.
Who is in charge of the White House Trump or the Pentagon?
Grateful to ALL OF OUR WOUNDED WARRIORS for the EXTREME SACRIFICES given to us all#WoundedWarriors #Gratitude #MAGA #VETERANS #WWG1WGA #TrumpTrain #OneNationUnderGod #Amen

hey brother I am tony schulze first good thing what you do La Familia but hey I would end the official peace agreement between america and Germany, we just call the mission Deumerika;)
Wonderful.
God Bless all of our military and thanks for your service
#DownWithUSA

Puerto Rico, Day 218:
—More than 100,000 people still w/o power (4% of the island)
—Tens of thousands of people still w/o clean water
—For these people, Hurricane Maria is still a humanitarian emergency
So incredibly sad, and completely within our ability to help. Tragic
Last April, President Trump,Vice President Mike Pence,First Lady & Second Lady welcome 54 warriors to the White House before their ride. On April 26, President Trump will once again host a number of Soldier Riders at the White House ahead of their 2018 event.
I give honor to  the men and  women who serve our country. Good job Mr. president.
He honors them so much....

#MAGA 
#WWG1WGA 
Thank you for your service to our great nation.
Please god, don't let Trump insult the wounded warriors, even by accident...

Where is @FLOTUS birthday present but you sure gave #StormyDaniels a nice one
Did he show them his bone spurs?
MUSCLE DAMAGES NEED DAILY RESTORE! The solutions to #opioidcrisis #ChronicPain, Masters of Old-school "Elbow Grease" Physical Rehab, perfected techniques to Natural Repairing. Key: BRUTE-FORCES count-contraction PULLING guarantees healing! Pills=Placebos! http://amzn.to/2jk0CjN 
SALUTE: UNITED STATES WOUNDED WARRIOR PROJECT.
FACEBOOK : PAT GODFREY
shame on The Donald, draft dodger in office #Veterans #Shame #BlueWave2018
22 Wounded Warriors KILLED by SUIDICE daily due to MEDICAL negligence! @HHSGov @NIHDirector @AmerMedicalAssn ONLY allows MDs to push pills & surgery for ALL #ChronicPain problems, they DON'T HELP HEAL muscle damages! BLOCKING all NATURAL ways to REPAIR #chiropractic #Acupuncture
Is first lady a wounded ? Did husnand give her HIV ?
As thanks to these heroes, how about appointing someone competent, with experience, & not corrupt, to run the VA? 

Let someone else do the vetting; you’re deplorable at staffing decisions.

Hint: deplorable = bad.
All white males except Melania and one other white Women.
#DownWithUSA
Uh-huh; while plotting to dismantle the V.A., and insulting vets with Ronnie's nomination.  Despicable hypocracy

“Trump says he's been too busy to get Melania a birthday present.” DAMN! THAT’S COLD! BUT HE’SNOT TOO BUSY TO PLAY GOLF. MELANIA, DUMP HIS FAT ASS. YOU CAN DO A THOUSAND TIMES BETTER THAN THIS FAT SLOB.
Did he tell them how his fighting venereal disease was the same thing as fighting in war?
God Bless our Warriors. #USA
Every time a Trump nominee is not given a fair, impartial and timely hearing I would fire a Democrat from a high profile position. It's time this administration brings a gun to a gunfight. Rep Senators that don't tow the line should be primaried.
Thank you President Trump for fighting the good fight for our country. I have seen and heard since Obama took office. I’m equally as sad that other countries have followed The evil and insane Pide Piper Obama to the point of no return in their countries.
