To little, too late.
dear Mrs Bush your were an inspiration to millions around the word!!RIP,you deserve the well deserved rest
It’s refreshing to see a President that makes his wife want to look at him adoringly.
Trump not invited
We all miss you
Former President George and First Lady Barbara Bush were the eptimoe of Duty, Honor, Country dedicating their lives to the service of this Great Country. RIP Mrs. Bush!  Honestly, Respect & Civility ended with the departure of @POTUS44 - SAD!
Sadly, that is a revisionist version of what actually happened. That is if you're not a New World Order useful idiot or actual Satanist scum yourself.

The world is a better place as these dinosaur lizards slither away into the far hereafter.
Yes I remember Barbara voice send President Bush what have they done for us she was a great first lady I agree what is her husband done for the country no more jobs treats the old people Social Security people like we should not be here never lower the taxes for the middle class
She caused a man's death due to her running him over
Love this !!!!!!!!
Not that you, Mr. President, would deign to marry such a true soul. Sorry. I see you as shallow.
Why is POTUS golfing instead of attending?
Not golfing, stupid. Out of respect, he chose not to draw the irreverent press to be a blight to this somber time.

Other time - other people. Sadly ...
Remembering, but not caring enough for Trump to show up for her funeral, right? Gotta get more golf in at his resort.
Barbara Bush actually requested he not be at her funeral.
Also, where did you see that? All I keep seeing is WH claim they didn't want to add yo already crazy security there by having him attend (which is bs. Already got security there for four former presidents)
Snopes says unproven, but it did reveal that it's not uncommon for sitting presidents to not go to funerals. Obama didn't go to Nancy Reagan's or Betty Ford's
Hrm...strange that that is the running trend. Still seems ridiculous that he jets down to golf the weekend away instead. But then, to expect a classy gesture from Trump is like expecting a clean toilet seat in a men's room. Never happening.
Barbara's last televised interview
she did indeed express her contempt for our duly elected 
(over Hilary) president!
Hey! I've heard your nothing but an BOT,  can someone please elaborate on why a total stranger after only one comment were I was in support of Trump,called me a BOT that I shouldn't be taken seriously, WOT?
I am so confused. What just happened?
Loved her spunk!
Liberallou it must be horrible to be so angry. I’ll pray for you, I know you will hate that.
Was a great woman
Rest In Peace
Thank God you weren’t invited. You’re terrible.
The New World order lost a Great Friend. There are several more they're losing fast. The world can hardly wait.
Love this photo! Thanks.
Such an inspiration !


Why weren’t you there?  #peepeeboy
God bless and keep her. I know trump wanted to go but he does follow protocols for this .good man. Maga
So she does smile...Lol
That's one brave women to put herself in the midst of so many dangerous felons who share such ill will twords her husband
BLESS HER HEART!
Bot
WOT?
Remember Corruption #TrumpCrimeFamily
You are one sick puppy.
I am sorry to hear about your loss
It amazing the our piece of shit #POTUS45 is so toxic that he can’t attend to funeral for the former First Lady #BarbaraBush
Only 5 times in our history have US Presidents attended a First Lady’s funeral. Obama skipped 2; GW Bush skipped 1. Etc etc.
Maybe you didn’t read his explanation as to why he’s not attending!!! Might have something to do with his vulgar attack’s on Jeb and the family!!!
Numbers 6:24-25
“The #Lord bless you and keep you; The #Lord make His #face shine upon you, And be gracious to you;
#Jesus our #Christ  #JesusHeals #OneNationUnderGOD
2 Chronicles 7:14
if My #people who are called by My name will humble themselves, and #pray and seek My #face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from #heaven, and will forgive their #sin and heal their #land.
Amen!
P.S. Mrs. Bush did not approve of this administration.
And this is the “perfect” moment to settle this. Oy!
Mr. President, you must step aside, because it is in the interest of the Iranian people and you are in the hearts of the people of Iran
The only way to save the people of Iran is to lighten the sanctions regime
Hope to read my message
I will send you messages from inside Iran

Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
@realDonaldTrump Your wife enjoyed sitting at a funeral with your arch enemy more than sitting with you at your inauguration.
@realDonaldTrump Your wife enjoyed sitting at a funeral with your arch enemy more than sitting with you at your inauguration.
Bet she NEVER thought about you and your disgusting conduct! Bet she did not vote for you either! #MuellerIsComing #ProtectMueller
“He's already told us what he will do by his actions. Trump will spend the rest of his days fomenting violence and revolution in this country... The evidence suggests that Trump is a traitor.”


 back to Justice Hayden. So have another hour or so. @POTUS PLEASE call the Queen or Theresa May. He is awake a very normal baby off meds https://twitter.com/les_deplorable/status/988391119355445248 …




that his soul rests in peace @GeorgeHWBush 
God bless America
...and you couldn’t be bothered to attend.
You have a funny way of showing respect Mr Trump. Out playing golf again. How much did this little golf outing cost the taxpayers in addition to what it cost us for your wife to go to the funeral (which is where you should have been as well)? 

Again you an embarrassment for us!
You people didn’t even like them
Senior Bush & Barbara, this was how dignified president's conduct themselves. You're a total pig, a disgrace to the American public. R U A Russian agent?
Mrs. Bush exuded class and humility and we finally have another classy first lady in our White House.

Thanks for tossing your cheesball instead of you. That was painful for,well people. 200 million or so. And you couldn't show up. What is not wrong with you, what is correct?. Barbra Bush. Never crap on her ever...
May Mrs.Bush rest in perfect peace.
R I.P.
https://twitter.com/davidfrum/status/988120113479110656?s=21 … Bravo George!
George Conway just retweeted the below https://twitter.com/davidpriess/status/988052411918012417 …
She hated Trump. Who can blame her? He's dirt.
Praying
great picture  good people

 @RoyalFamily look at this abuse of #AlfieEvans please save him. Look at this article about brain recovery. Alfie has so much HOPE @POTUS https://twitter.com/les_deplorable/status/987926813333536768 …



My boss mister trump world king our lord.

447/1226 is the disaster for USA.American Jew is destroying America.Friends of America are going to fight against USA.Greedy Jew in Europe before II War got hate from society.The richest Jew tried to eliminate poor,not valable brother.
The one whose funeral Donald skipped, preferring to play golf.
When Hitler missed the ball..
You were one in a million, the Mother our country needed, Rest With the Angels

Jealous?
This is how we will remember tRump.
I'll be the lone voice in the wilderness #BarbaraBush was a satanic cow ..#BushDiD911 #BushCartel #BushCrimeFamily #BushCrimes ...#QAnon #Anonymous .
Poisoning the water poisoning the food poisoning the air, Killing millions by the art of #war "depopulation" #Geoengineering #WeatherManipulation #ClimateChange Generally fucking up a planet ? Sounds like re-#terraforming Not really fit for human habitation .#Anonymous #QAnon
Remembering she hated Trump
Sureeeeeeeeeeeee you are

God Bless Mrs Bush. Rest in piece
Remember when @FLOTUS had a better time with OBAMA at a funeral than she does with @realDonaldTrump ever????   OBAMA is banging your girl!!!!
I refuse to believe dat lady can't find her way home again e t.


УкроРейх.
Маршрутка "Украина-Европа" 

LOCK HIM UP!!!
Pruitt’s History: Fancy Homes, Lobbyists and a Shell Company

RIP
"This reference to the "Southern White House" is part of the campaign to monetize the presidency. Unlike the Mid-Atlantic White House, you can purchase unlimited access to the Southern White House and its chief occupant if you are willing to pay him $200,000 per year."
Strong and comfortable in her own skin. Disciplined the children and loved them to death and they loved her. A remarkable example. God bless them all. Great loss.
At 92 we don't know what her health issues were.  I think she is probably glad to be going home, she lived a good life. She isn't the type that would want you to mourn for her, she is at peace I know it.

Stress was her death....R.I.P. Barbara Bush
Know you had her family in your thoughts - while on the golf course. 


AMEN 


73 years of complete & utter BLISS!!! R.I.P. Barbara Pierce Bush,You are now with Your Robin!!!  :-) Amen ...
@POTUS wow u must really care but looks like your wife had a better time without u so
What a great last to share Jesus with n Heaven.
https://www.facebook.com/amy.pemg/posts/158903014806082 …
Barbras son is wellem which is destroy and killed Iraqi people This is for history.
地理音痴の人間が核爆弾の原水爆衝動から生まれている山口節生さんに言わせれば狂った意見である。地続きであり持って来られるということを知らない。北朝鮮製ではない、中国が地続きだから持ってきた原水爆弾を中国に置いておきながら、北朝鮮から中国に原水爆弾とミサイルとを移すというだけである。
Ayuda porfavor auxilio 505Nicaragua necesitamos ayuda internacional nos están matando el gobierno de Daniel Ortega y Rosario Murillo.
Oh no
505Nicaragua necesitamos ayuda nos están matando. Y saquiando las tienda ayuda porfavor.
President George and first lady Barbara the most romantic good example of what a marriage should be and how a relationship should be with each other as a Christian woman she knew how to be kind and love and respect for others at least not a rude
The WH is so upset over this that POTUS had to go golfing. The funeral must have been too much for him to handle.
Let's remember my daughter another victim of Mexico released after he was sentenced back into US streets .
...By golfing instead of attending her funeral.
God Bless one of the kindess, honest, loving and caring first Lady. She and Nancy Reagan Will have a special place in the here after. Bless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSH0eRKq1lE … …

RUSSIAN ELECTION RIGGING @PutinRF @RussianEmbassy 
@HassanRouhani @RT_Erdogan @Russia 

DIVIDE AMERICA CONQUER AMERICA!! @POTUS  = My FULL SUPPORT

DIVIDE BRITAIN CONQUER BRITAIN!! @Theresa_may = My FULL SUPPORT

IN YOUR  DREAMS NOT A CHANCE IN HELL!!
Rest in peace
An example to us all of public service for its own sake and leaving a lasting, positive legacy, rather than in expectation of gratitude, status and personal gain.
Don't mean to sound rude, but she looks more like his mother here
How can I forget? Must you play along with the MSM lies. There is way too much blood on that families hands including the hands that rocks the cradle.
God bless the Bush family during this sorrowful time
Mr. President will you Pardon me Bill Apgar 100% Disabled Vet and MST Survivor on pre trial release since Dec 2017. The IG has taken my over whelming emotion of anger which I have under control now and twisted my words all around. The IG has made fun of me and threaten me. Help


We the People are very proud of our President Donald Trump. A true Gentleman and Statesman
fluoride is used for population reduction
zachary james carr of aledo illinois is vlad dracula

really? he sent Melania so he could play golf..... sad
Doggie

Kids vs the NRA this November. #USAoverNRA 
Absolutely one class act. God bless you Mrs Barbara Bush, your family and as always God Bless America.
Go to the funeral.
Aw x
What a Great Great Lady.
Barbara Bush a wonderful lady. God bless you and your family. RIP
Trump, you’re not even good enough to remember her. 
You disgusted her...and every other decent human. 
And you’re going to prison
Back when we had upstanding First Ladies
Amazing woman who helped everyone. What was spoken about Barbara Bush at her funeral service showed what a wonderful person she was.
Melania has not looked this HaPpY in over a year! Sitting next to an honorable and a gentleman and his wife showed her what marriage really is!
Donald trump why only in Syria you look at Nicaragua we need the help of the international community to end the dictatorship here we do not want the goboeno you do not pronounce the police are killing us, they are stealing us and they say nothing has to kill us with chemicals
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1656055201146728&id=100002267924229 …
Why? The Bush family is the epitome of evil.
Another ignorant or hateful woman. So tell me @endlesstopics, who stopped slavery, REPUBLICANS or DRMOCRATS?
I’d rather forget them. History certainly will.
You should remember that she was a proponent of private prisons with a personal interest and stake in the business. She profited off of what amounts to slave labor and never lost a nights sleep over it. The quicker you stop idolizing demons the quicker we fix this nations.
Apart from Donald, who’s golfing
Did you enjoy golfing instead of being present at the funeral 
Hey Trumpet!  Barbara Bush hated you!
Now the reason these famous people and a few rich people have joined this alqaeda network is to literally deal cocaine... thanks for all of the help.
http://ww.facebook.com/Icebucketthrower/videos/1885136448401124/ … … 1:07 and they do! They steal, abuse, attack, torture us, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Even use their kids, for real From before you were in office...they keep saying we're family, illegal immigrants more than likely.
