getting hyped for the first episode of the latest anime 

Trump loves childish nicknames.

What's your fave nickname for Trump?
Gonna give him another juicy ass chocolate cake? I'm gonna need some live tweeting of the cake eating
You will be impeached
You're doing a awesome job Mr. President! Except for Syria. You were totally lied to! 
Fore!
Talk to him about anime
Sad.
I love to see TWO truly fine gentlemen doing business together! So much better than watching Obummer kiss his own ankles and embarrass our country. #MAGA 
oh my god this is a sad reply section
I hope he tells you to get the hell out of the White House!
I hope the President of Japan tell you how terrible and racist of a president you are!
I hope he tells you that you are the worst president in U.S. history, because believe me most of Japan (and the world) would probably agree with me!
Since you're blind af, how do you type such bullshit? Ahh what's the point. You won't be able to read this anyway.
Awesome guy!!
Let's check in on your current approval rating, shall we?
#QAnon #GreatAwakening #Pizzagate #PedoGate #WeThePeople #TheStormIsHere

 

Give him the shakes! 
풉 gentleman??Are you serious??
oh..  He IS serious...  LOL

At least it’ll be one fine gentleman in the room but what about the other asshole
Have a slice of that amazingly delicious chocolate cake.
Maybe you can do a good word for the Whales. Japanese people are very nice people, but only their behaviour against whales is not very nice. I think the USA people will enjoy it when you do a good word for the whales. Just a good word. Good for your populairity index. Greenpeace.
He's getting ready to be kicked out of office too! #TrumpResign

Millions no longer watch Stormy Daniels porn...…
Go checc out my music @realDonaldTrump #G5Squad sound cloud kream gotti..  follow bacc!!!  
Well at least there will be 1 fine gentleman in the room
Trump
We’d like to see your tax returns.
He emailed them to Hillary
I heard #COVFEFE is a new flavour at Ben and Jerry’s. Turns out it mostly nuts!
He’s probably wishing he could cancel your “date”. Who’d want to spend time with a pathological liar? The only reason he’s keeping his commitment is because he IS a gentleman. You on the other hand, not so much. Not at all really. Dude, just resign already. You’re exhausting.
Why would a truly fine gentleman be spending time with you?
This young girl from Yemen, is a victim of a chemical attack in her own country by the Saudi Arabians, the chemical used was white phosphorus....  so why are we not bombing Saudi Arabia, and taking out their chemical weapons with air strikes?
Actually, you are the best. God bless you and America!
Be sure to wash your balls.
These bilats take weeks of prep - staffed so many of them with @WHNSC - am sure the team did some intense, thoughtful work on your talking points so that this is time well spent from a natsec and economic perspective. Hope you use the TPs this time.

Lol.... Triggered....

Remember when Obama met the leader of Japan? What an idiot he looked like....
That's... not the leader of Japan. That's the emperor, not the Prime Minister.
You are so... I don´t even have words for this. Ingnorant! Yes, that´s it.
Its been the policy of our government to never bow to any foreign leaders. Obama was the first one to ever do this... He is a total pussy...
can I deduct khakis as a business expense, need to know quickly please
I’m no tax attorney or even a CPA, but of you work for Coach J. Harbaugh?

‘There’s a history at the #FBI of WITHHOLDING INFORMATION from CONGRESS. We’ve already had DISMISSALS for WRONGDOING, there’s ongoing INTERNAL INVESTIGATIONS, the ELEMENTS…
What deputy director DoJ Rod Rosentein is saying mr @Darrelllssa is the FBI relentlessly search for truth at any cost is only applicable 2conservatives & their enemies  Soros Obama Lynch Holder Strzok McCabe
As Scandal-Tarred Abe Meets Trump, ‘the Situation Is Getting Dangerous’
Japan Prime Minister Abe Faces Mounting Pressure to Resign (VIDEO)
Japanese PM Abe Faces Protests Amid Corruption Scandal | The Market Mogul
"Forever logical" Let's just see how smart forever logical really is folks. Do you know the connection between Japan and Syria?
“Once they finish their studies here in Japan, their student visas expire and they might be forced to return to Syria.”
Good! Getting warm! Now ask yourselves what does NOKO have to do with Syria? Hint: Odd timing to change stance after years of being closed to the idea as standard within most Asian archipelagos? Maybe Meme warrior ForeverLogical can share with the class this time?
What’s the problem? Abe has self induced crisis at home, may be on the way out and not around for noko talks. Trumps praises makes him look like he’s backing a shyster yet again. Japan has always been xenophobic. Not surprising they don’t take in refugees.
I'm thinking 'very smart @stormnatcup4u' thinks it fun to toss out hints and tips on NOKO, Japan, and Syria. And that twitter is the place to score brownie points. So storm if you have something useful instead of poking at @ForeverLogical  share with us all. Otherwise piss off.
不肯承认南京大屠杀的人,不值得信任
哈哈，The nanjing massacre did not exist.
I ship it
You know what would be great? If we used the national guard to work on all the nation's most at risk levys durring the summer months.
You are just an obsequious little man aren’t you?
Glad there will be one present!

Abe ha fashisto! abe is a fascist!
#YouWillBeImpeached

Godspeed #PresidentTrump #WeThePeopleyou & @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP Thank you for all ur doing! #MAGA
how do you know he is fine? you really know him that well?
Eat some Sushi and release the tarmac video
#PutinsBottomBitch
Mar-a-Lago diplomacy? Batting the dimpled ball around, "fine" dining, maybe a side of rice, topped with a piece or two of chocolate cake (pie maybe?), ah the good life, right Chuckles? Meanwhile your chaotic leadership style stirrs global confusion, and we face trillions in debt.
Glad they found something for you to do.
My condolences to the Prime Minister
You and Hannity should take him to a nude beach.
Try not to embarrass the country again.
He paying full rate for his room?
Please let Japan's PM Abe know that we, all Americans love and respect him, the good people of the great Empire of Japan and their partentership with the United States. That nothing can break our ties with Japan.
When people can under other cultures like in Japan or Korea or china! Just like bow your head  or body,an keep your eyes on his eyes!it shows repeat an it shows humidity an it same as a American hand shake!
Too bad he won’t think the same of you!
As long as he doesn't apply for US citizenship. He is a fine guy.
What you should be doing is getting ready to go to jail
Too bad he is meeting an infantile envious little boy with small hands and an even smaller ... mind


Please end the geoengineering sir..please!!!!! Tired of being sprayed like a bug..
Which can't be siad for you.
Too bad he can't say the same thing about you
take notes, as no one will ever say that about you. except Rasmussen, the home owners association group
he hates you
He's been practicing:
wax on, off; boot to the head.
Don't mess with #Abe. 

#haiku #TrumpRussiaCollusion #LockHimUp #MuellerTime #FollowTheMoney
It’s just a shame he can’t say the same.
Ummm he did already loser!
DERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Getting ready to meet putin, a truly fine gentleman!
Very proper gentlman.
"Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan,"
Brush your teeth and wash those little hands
Try to act presidential now!
Yes he is

Have you ever heard the phrase "New Axis of Evil"? !
Too bad he can't say the same about you!
*cough* unlike yourself *cough*
Then you're out of your league already.
come on donny we all know that's bullshit come on tell us how much he got,?
Keep in mind folks that the white nationalists at Charlottesville were also fine gentlemen.
In opposite to you...
Check puerto ricooooooo! BREAKING: Island-wide blackout hits Puerto Rico, which suffering unstable power grid following hurricane.

We love you president trump.
Do you have a mouse in your pocket?? 

So Yeah, from the 1970s to the 1990s the Bosses of the Russian Mafia in the US ran their crime org out of an office in Michael Cohen's uncle's social club. So there's that >>>  https://talkingpointsmemo.com/edblog/good-grief-cohens-gets-mobbier-the-closer-i-look … via @TPM
Seriously, you will NEVER amount to anything CLOSE to ANY Japanese citizen, let alone PM Abe. The fact that he even entertained the idea of being in the same room as you is a testament to his tolerance of your ignorance. My hat's off to HIM & him alone. You can go piss up a rope.
You should take lessons from him on being a fine gentleman. He'll need to shower after being with you.
Tax payers paying a bunch to Mar a largo again!! Trump's making money off of us again!!!
He owns Mar a Lago! Get over it!!
Yes, we know. That's how he's making money from this. By charging g the USG for staying there.
President, Trump please don't blake ALLIANCE  between USA and South Korea.  It is a big mistake if you not keep it. GOD BLESS YOU AND USA.
What would you know about being a fine gentleman?
God Bless you
#PeePeeParty #PeePeeTape
God bless America.
He's your dog
You forgot to add : „a truly fine gentleman unlike me“
Who cares! Stop tweeting and get on with your job!
Communicating with the American people is his job, jerk off.
It's too bad Prime Minister Abe won't be meeting a truly fine gentleman.
I’m sure the feeling won’t be #Reciprocated with PM Abe. #TickTock #TraitorInChief #KarmaComin
What?
No Golf today?!
What about your legal issues?
The Fake war with Russia in Syria?
What about the #PeeTape?
Michael Cohen?
Unlike you.
Why not meet  Moon ,Korea President?
Unlike you
Didn’t know you were into dudes too.
Wonder if he feels the same way about you
You'll find a away to offend him, I'm sure.
I think you should start shoving large objects up your...uh..great big, huge,disgusting rectum padding in preparation for prison life.  The food is yum and the exorcise invigorating.
@MELANIATRUMP
I read on a Japanize site that he was resigning due to corruption. Abe says he's innocent of all charges.  I just don't know. Praying he is good. #Potus Q
"Fine"? Wouldn't "honorable" do? It wouldn't hurt. In fact, in my honest opinion, it would flatter the PM and the nation of Japan!
Maybe, you could learn some “truly fine gentlemen” skills from him.....

ثلاث ضربات مدمرة خلال فترة قصيرة جدا من الصهاينة ضد سوريا الايرانية  فهل تبتلع ايران بيادة الصهاينة!
واذا إنتقمت فهل ستصمت روسيا وهل ستنسحب أمريكا ترامب فى هذه الاجواء كما يقول!
أم أنها مناورة وسيتحقق ما توقعت وستنتهي الحرب الباردة خلال أيام 
…
你说你呢？
哈哈哈哈哈哈哈
Maybe you will learn something.
How would you know if he was a fine gentleman? You have no idea what that means.
Apparently,  neither do you
He plays golf, and pretends he doesn't see you cheating, right?
To bad he can not say the same about you! He doesn’t even refer to Don the Con as President, just Donald!
Compare to you everyone is a #Gentleman! #AbeResign #AbeFascist 止めろ！Abe is a liar!!! #ファシスト #ファシスト #ファシスト #ファシスト
Treat PMB as Assad. #StopBiafraKillings #WhereIsNnamdiKanu #FreeBiafra
While sucking up a week's worth of rent from the Secret Service, the Japanese government, and a huge gang of brown-nosing yes men.  Our tax dollars flowing directly into your pockets- Criminal!
Great!

You should try to learn something from him.
He's a fine gentleman until he calls u an orange dumbass! what will u call him? ass abe?
*Parp*...pardon me...
Its just a shame he has to deal with a Pig like you!!
Unlike yourself...

Poor Abe, having to be with you. Ugh.
Like you would know what a truly fine gentleman is. I bet you make his skin crawl.
#TWEETERDUMB you should be getting ready to go to prison!  RUN WHILE YOU STILL HAVE A CHANCE TO GO TO MOTHER RUSSIA! RUN TRUMP RUN! #SPANKY
When ???
In your distorted bleak dreams perhaps ...
No one else will golf with you.
Unlike yourself Donnie! You see that’s how we know people are good, cuz of how shitty other people really are! Other people being yourself!!
Yeah I'm sure he is excited to meet with you.
Golf ! Chocolate cake ! Covfefe !
要不要这么跪啊
help us on Uganda
I'd say don't embarrass the US, but we all know you're not capable of that.
gentleman？You are kiding？
when will see a gentle president for stat ofcors not-you
You also said Nazis are fine people so really, it's clear we can't trust your judgement
Happy Tax Day! Donald Trump still has never released his tax returns! #TaXDaY #MaGA #crookedTrump
And never will and nobody cares.
去见见小弟也好
Until you decide he isn’t. You are truly predictable and laughable.
Finally meeting of stupid with gentlemen
I wonder if he shares the same sentiment about you?
And you think you’re a good judge of character?  NOT!
Ohh she said 'not'
Time for golf !
...unlike yourself....
Yeah, wait for his back is turned. Then he becomes a slim ball. POTUS A LYING POS!  IMPEACHE!!!
Resign
Government agencies are using  our tax dollars to harass myself in City of Jamestown N Y.  Investigation required to expose crimes of Directors Brennan, Comey, and McCabe upon myself. Anyone harassed can contact me at 716-499-3052.
i hope negociate best for commercials exchange
Why aren't you in D.C.?
You should be meeting dignitaries in the White House, not Mar--Lago.
Good job Mr,President Trump. Thank you for doing all the thing's you said you would do and more. We love you and your family. God Bless u and your family.  TRUMP TRAIN infinity and beyond!!!
4. THE “UNFINISHED BUSINESS” OF AN EXPANDED US-JAPAN MILITARY ALLIANCE HAS BEEN PUSHED HEAVILY BY US NATIONAL SECURITY OFFICIALS FROM BOTH THE DEMOCRATIC AND REPUBLICAN PARTIES FOR DECADES. #DerpState
That makes one of you.
When are you going to syria
The opposite of you.

中美贸易逆差15000千亿美元，全额征收，就让习近平、李克强及中央的巨贪大恶，所有挑起国际争端，巧取豪夺，压榨贫民百姓的财团个人来支付，不行就开战，别演习、演戏，少一个子都不行！
Bing bong Ching chang wang dang wu choo poo poo
Get some of that chocolate cake.
Sure you’ll screw that up also !!
Well, one of you should be. Enjoy your week of playing golf on our dime, it’ll all be over soon Comrade.
too bad you aren’t.
But first...A little Foggy Mountain Breakdown!
I'm shocked you would even be able to identify a truly fine gentleman.
