DOJ Sessions impanels a secret grand jury. Did you get your subpoena yet. Dont you worry, you will get one to. Cant wait

Trump is the Russian Trojan horse and the world is not safe with him there!! Follow the money! @tedlieu @paulkrugman
also emolument clause investigation of 45, Sessions needs to resign & 45 needs to release tax returns.
oh did you demand that when Lynch met with Clinton on tarmac you hypocrite?
She recused herself immediately & she didn't  deny the meeting. Can't believe u are comparing that BS with Russia
she never recused herself you are flat out lying
well she stop short of it by stating she will accept the FBI findings!
because she knew they would do nothing please. All in the pockets of the Clintons.
Yeah right & now you prefer to be in the pockets of the Russians Oligarch & a professional conman for POTUS. So disappointing!
this is going nowhere because you are clearly naive & argue without facts. Stay off my TL
I recall obama stating several time that that was not happening and not possible. Or was that a Dems plan that backfired?
/ And Schumer, Pelosi and the numerous Democrats ties.
maybe we should check into the uranium and that 150 million to the Clinton foundation!
what about illegal immigrany#St voting in Ct. Mr puppet. How many illegal votes did you and gov Malloy get.
the Russians are coming..the Russians are coming
needed to investigate Obamagate #highcrimesandmisdemeanors
There is no collusion & you know it. We are not going to have WW3. Stop serving koolaid to ppl who voted 4 u to protect them
@peacegalaxy Absolutely for our democracy & country we should not settle for anything less!
Thank you! While @HouseIntelComm plays Trump distraction game you are keeping country on track for integrity and justice!
She didn't do that @SenBlumenthal
what the hell are you thinking?  There was no Russian interference. They should investigate how many illegal votes you had
lets get a non obama appointee for an assistant AG
YES YES YES!!! Thank you sir. 
I feel cheatedI voted for Trump yet Putin never called me! I want my Putin "persuasion call"And I mean NOW!
u know what all u crooked democrats are scared of Trump uncovering all the truth to ur dirty deeds and all go down
We keep saying this and nothing is happening.  Trump has like 1500 conflicts of interest.
Special Prosecutor needed for the Clinton Foundation.
Tick Tock swamp will be drained
ur a draft dodger, hypocrite,
special prosecutor needed to investigate possible intentional lies from Democrats to undermine Trump administration.
I wonder how many countries are saying the same thing about all the elections we've tried to influence.
And I nominate Sally Yates- Plz
Neither Russia or Putin entered my mind when I voted. Russia did NOT hack my vote!
WHY do you our of touch DEMS., continue to WASTE TIME & TAX PAYER MONEY ON NIT PICKING! Trump IS PRESIDENT, let it go!
Maxine said Trump was responsible for Russia invading North Korea, Nancy said there was NO WAY she could work with Pres. Bush
AMERICANS would like to know WHY, HILLARY benefited from 20% US URANIUM.Shouldn't that money be AMERICANS, NOT HILLARY?
Nancy Pelosi & Maxine  Watters appear to have Dementia! Why would the Party allow those 2, to even open their mouths?
uh oh the string in dickey's back is stuck again. Send him back to Mattel.
Its all there. Everybody has been listening not just us. Do your job.
Former acting AG SallyYates to lead spc counsel, restore trust for citizens
THANK YOU. As a constituent in New Haven County who votes in elections under her real name, please do press on this issue.
yes thank you!

enough of your witch hunt!
you go!! Please!!!!
#SessionsLied about Kislyak
He used Campaign funds not Senate to meet him
JD Gordon said Sessions was w 45 & Kislyak @ RNC 2
GMAFB....You are soooo predictable it's creepy
Could you swamp dwellers please show the world the over whelming proof behind these claims.
and this will benefit us how?
So what would an attorney find out that the CIA, NSA, FBI & DNI couldn't? And they didn't find evidence of trump collusion!
Democrats act like there hasn't been an investigation into Russian hacking & of course there has been! By the CIA,FBI,NSA!!
I can't wait to see who is lying & who knew what, dems keep pushing Russia its become a joke, I can't wait 2 C corruption end
So a special prosecutors just going to use evidence the CIA, NSA, FBI & DNI have already collected? So I don't get it?
Didn't Obama order the Intel agencies to investigate Russian hacking in election? That's right!
How about all the the russian ambassador visits to the white house? R u going investigate as well?
2 work
that's right cause she was a Dem stop all this shit & get
y didn't u use 1 for Hillary
#NOEVIDENCE #DEMSGONEWILD
please consult @Khanoisseur and @LouiseMensch
We keep hearing this. What's the process to get it started?
Been investigate thoroughly. You just don't like the results.
What has been investigated throughly & by who?
Absolutely! RUSSIA RUSSIA $$$ -> Twit-Ler + Sessions = illegitimacy / treason #Trumprussia #WakeUpAmerica #ImpeachTrump
investigate Obama
And God Knows What Else
MAKE IT SO!!  Please!
justice dept has to speak out on the wiretap or else FBI is tainted big time. this is a mess. no good ending here for DJT
is bald face lying an impeachable offence? should be
Spy Dr. William Martinez owns all you fools
who brings that about?
im still waiting on the so called Russians interfering in my #BREXIT  lol, i find it humorous.
Y-e-s-s ... so when is it happening?
#SallyYates
call Patrick Fitzgerald
They have already investigated this and found nothing. Give it up you guys lost because all you do is hand out free money
Not really.  Work with republicans make America great again.
What reason is there not to have an independent prosecutor?
Is it the Attorney General who appoints a special prosecutor? We have one who lied to a panel of investigators.
less concern w/ the alleged election tamper(which even a FOIA request to the NSA turned up notta)more w/ #Trump campaign ties
Puerto Rico  Abby. Birthcertfact frauds. On arrival b unfit. Added like to rest Piss&prints need DNA to match birth fact©™®
not understand word ruin! Ruins @chicagosmayor add bigots charges! Racketeering cops! Unfit refuses aid owner.Terrorist end©
ABSOLUTELY!  Also time to consider speaking to Pence about 25th Amendment!
How do we force this to happen?
