and you do understand you backward clown that many GOP aren't going to do that they are in danger for 2018
I think you forget how much of a minority you all are. Even the Utah seat is in danger
Our country is in serious danger. Trump doesn't understand and certainly can't meet the demands of the presidency. 1/
And the world is a very dangerous place. This is a very hard time to be an American. So many of us fear for our lives. 2/
He is destroying vital institutions and endangering the environment. He is unable to serve as Commander in Chief. 4/
Trump is deranged. It is only a matter of time before he leads us into war through sheer incompetence. /8
Our country is losing irs dignity and integrity. It is losing its compassion. All at the hands of Trump. He is a madman.
He must be removed from office, now. Someone must lead. Who will that be, Senator Blumenthal? #trumprussia
We need the military to physically escort him out & arrest him b/c GOP is useless.
@ChrisMurphyCT, @Dems I agree entirely. But GOP, as they say, controls the levers of power. So on whose authority?
Ummm, you're joking right? Being silly for attention right? Lol you're hilarious girl.
Where's the evidence serious, not referring to evidence just lies which allows probable cause
Ummm lies lead to probable cause my dear, tone down the bleach.
Only guilty people resort to your train of thought.
What are they hiding? Why do republicans block inquiries into this matter?
No one cares what you think Terry, go jump off a bridge.
Have another drink Terry.
Thank you Senator Blumenthal!
UNAMERICAN.
YES!!! It is unAmerican to work with Russia in influencing the election. Trump cult members love Russia!!!
With the way all Democrats are acting I pray you all lose your seats in 2018. Your all acting like babies. Grow up.
I agree we need a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton and her illegal server and Obama's alias on the server
Trump supports are all sheeps. They can't think for themselves. They just follow the loudest noise.
@maddow Why was Jeff Sessions not immediately suspended pending a perjury hearing after we learned he lied under oath?
@ItsMeCathi Sessions must resign! Now asking 40 judges to resign! They r after the judiciary to take it down.
you are a tool.   It a very good one either. Have some real valor and support your president
Blackmail?  Pay for play?  Typical Dem tactics.
@maddow this IDs important info.relatung to attorney being fired by Trump.
#BREAKING:@PreetBharara convicted Russian mobster who ran biggest NYC illegal gambling ring—from inside of Trump Towers #trumprussia #resist 
you lost again
how about a special prosecutor for all of your misleading statements
Thanks for your good work. Please keep it up!
@maddow you have no power you fool
oh yes dick do that. you FAKE Vietnam vet. You make people sick especially true vets
thought Boente was prosecuting #TrumpRussiagate
Thank you Senator. Please block unless.
@TheLastRefuge2 Trump should appoint the AG he wants as a Recess Appointment, granted to him under the Constitution.
But Mr. Blumenthal was a war hero, remember? Yeah, me neither.
@maddow ... why publicize a low life liar like Blumenthal???
@maddow  you crazy Democrats keep forgetting how irrelevant and feckless you are. Would you like to be reminded?
My understanding is you have to have a crime first?
@maddow thank you both.
OMG. I am damn thankful I left the dumbocrat party. You are out of your minds. There is NO TRUMP/RUSSIA. LAST ONE TO KNOW?
Immediate #IndependentInvestigation of #TrumpRussia Administration - 
Sign the Petition!
@maddow We have to come to a conclusion, our country is in a state of panic, shaky, fearful and unsure .. we need answers NOW
@maddow #Sessions
You go Richard.
maybe you could get a Vietnam buddy to help.
Ha. Now we all know the truth. No need for a special anything. Drain the swamp
you are a dope
@Birdseye1 cause all democrats too 
Thank you, sir!...We NEED you!
@maddow 
Thank you sir. This us awful.
thank you.   The need for this becomes clearer each day.
Too Bad you don't have a tool to block him 
that is obstructionist and wrong. Shame on You.
@DoctorRobin  yeah,, you guys say a lot but do nothing. Not a single move from @TheDemocrats  / @GOP to stop this madness 
good for you and us, the "little people"
YES, ...Commitment to an Independent Special Prosecutor is a must! TXs for saying that!
So very grateful that there are senators like you willing to fight the fight!!
We quoted you, Senator!
Immediate #IndependentInvestigation of #TrumpRussia Administration - 
Sign the Petition!
@maddow  Please stop embarrassing us and get over the election loss.
Thank you from a concerned citizen!
How about we replace your ass instead.
Thank you sir.
@maddow Your vote wont matter Richard elections have consequences he has no access to evidence to decide until confirmed.
Stolen elections have consequences too.  Like jail time for trump.
you do mean when the Dems stole the nomination from Sanders right?
They didn't.  He couldn't overcome her Super Tuesday lead.
he couldn't overcome the corruption of the party - you have to admit the party elite did him in.
Nope.  Bernie, who I voted for, was also a superdelegate.  He knew the rules.
since Rosenstein says he won't commit to indept special prosecutor please keep your promise to filibuster him
Please reconsider blocking DAG nominee and listen to @SenatorCardin re: US Atty Rosenstein's integrity & ability
@maddow thank you
collusion between justice department & White House should not be tolerated, message loud & clear be sent w/Sessions resign
really worried White House will break through justice department and not keep the two separate,that would be major crisis!
@maddow WTF is wrong with you.Our president is a psycho!Thats the story.He can't be trusted on anything he says.Hello?
How is this not all your talking about .Trump tears people down 2 bolster himself up & he can't  b trusted 2 tell the truth about anything.
does anyone take 
You serious ???
..yes...I saw that today...be was pretty cocky to stand up to you...either way..they will try and push him through  STOP HIM
Wonder if Blumenthal's using a wrench or a screw driver.  Maybe both.
WE THE PPL will use every tool aka our votes to get rid of U, schumer,Pelosi,Waters,McCain,Warren etc..Stop UR Stupid Games
Please do so, Senator. Tired of countless Repub attempts to hide the truth. We need impartial investigators!
@maddow How's that working out for you? Democrats are in a death spiral because of their professional againster-ism
All respect to Sen Franken - a sweet man - but he ought to let someone else ask his questions for him.
@SenSchumer thank you! Special p,rosecutor now!
@FreeSiegelman idiot
Thank you!
Where was your outcry for Special Prosecutor for Hillary when Comey said she lied under Oath and broke the law.?? Hypocrites
.@SenBlumenthal Hold to this because he is NOT committing! Americans are counting on you!
Any senator NOT demanding independent nonpartisan investigation is a desperate and has treason to hide.
@maddow so you are going to block everyone just cause you arent getting your way. So sad
Stand strong!
CK out: Deutsche Bank money laundering..Trump 1.4bn loan he will never have to re-pay..Russian payoff!!!!
Exxon is gearing up to process crude oil from the 64million acres of Russian oil leases. Russian sanctions will b lifted soon
Are you saying the guy can not be trusted to follow the law? That he's a person of questionable integrity?
.@SenBlumenthal  will do anything 2 coerce #DepAG 2 appt special prosecutor. Even falsify his war record? Oh, he's already done that? #Fraud
Holding the office hostage! Is this an attempt to coerce and blackmail an AG to get your way? SHAME!
Thank you!
YES! I hope my Senators @SenatorHassan and @SenatorShaheen will support you.
Thank you Senator for all you do!
March on Washington and keep marching!!!!! This is your country, not the Trumps or Russia's. This can only be stopped by you.
Dick, you have no tools to block the Deputy AG. This is political blackmail. Remember when @Democrats lost the election?
You're a complete party HACK. There wasn't single special prosecutor in Obama Admin. when one was sorely needed several times
Agree need 2 appoint Ind. Special Prosecutor 2 look into Hillary destroying government records/Emails after FBI failed US
Where were you when Clinton's good buddy AG Lynch was investigating Hillary and meeting with Bill on tarmac you hypocrite
It isn't "independent" when you want to use an Obama appointee to choose the intestigator...it's a Chairman Mao style revenge
Just like you've blocked every nominee who passed?  Speed bump and Trump Train continues.
you should resign! How is this not blackmail! You should be prosecuted!
isn't that blackmail? #foxnews
Here is someone who cares - @SenBlumenthal @maddow
@potus @foxnews @doj Sen isn't what your promoting "Bribery" of gov official? Sounds like it, and needs to be investigated.
and you will lose in the end.... this is the story of Democrats...big,big losers
What is up with ur blatant attemps2destroy anything our Prez wants2do2keep Americans safe&working. Ur hate has blinded U.
please block the changes to ACA and defunding planned parenthood while you are at it. Thanks.
Do your job and confirm the deputy AG. Stop trying to intimidate him. Obstruction will not get your results. Resign and MAGA
I hope you lose your seat next election time!
/ Said the corrupt Democratic proven liar ...
Delay, Delay, Delay, LOSE.. #vietnam
Including lying again about your Vietnam record?
you are an embarrassment to our state and not a representative of anyone with a brain and traditional values
Thank you, Senator Blumenthal !!!
speaking of Tools Senator, how are you ?
including being involved with the party who wears masks , sends people to riot,Lynch okays the dying for the anti-trump cause
@maddow Pleaze ask @SenateBanking to investigate FCPA and Ttump Org Azerbaijan hotel deal! Colliding with Russia same IRG
@maddow YES!! Must have a special prosecutor investigate Russia ties ASAP. Thank you Senator Blumenthal!
Remember Star went on for years & nothing accomplished #Republicans2018
Star impeached Clinton. Congress can't be impartial. If GOP doesn't address this  they'll be voted out soon.
Thank you
@maddow  THANK YOU!!!
@maddow Hold firm.  Try to convince others.  Follow the money!
All of you Quacks here... did you FORGET that Blumenthal LIED about serving in Viet Nam?? OMG Who the hell does that? Not a Senator!! Liar
I support you.
Investigate what? There's been no evidence of anything. How long can you rehashs fake news when FBI has denounced it?
Trumps ties to Azerbaijan... foreign corruption practices act...
one word looser #NUCLEAR
Thank you Senator.
thank you!!!  We need patriots like you to uncover #TrumpRussia
Yes, #RodRosenstein, it's beyond apparent that we need a special prosecutor to get to the bottom of Trump's ties to Russia.
of course you will. U are so afraid that half of your cohorts will go to jail. You will do anything to stop your arrest. haha
@maddow AG Sessions should be removed from his post.
Sir, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for taking this stand. Our fate depends on getting a fair investigation of Trump
we're behind you. Good luck tomorrow, stay strong... you're doing the right thingd@s
@PayDownTheDebt 

Genuine question: why isn't mentally fit for position being discussed??
The American people demand answers as to what has happened to our democracy. Indep. Sp. Prosecutor is the only way we get it~
@PayDownTheDebt please do whatever it takes to end this nightmare asap. Thank you.
RICHARD ,WE'RE BEHIND YOU
@Stosh1049 Confirm him. He'll be one of the only ones with true integrity in the administration.
Counting on you!!!
@maddow America is depending you. Thanks
Please join me in welcoming @SenBlumenthal to #TheResistance
How about a nice distraction Senator; from this point on never pay Donald Trump the compliment of Mr President, just Donald.
Thank You Sir
STOP THE CRAP  U ARE DONE POLITICAL CAREER GONE GONE GONE
Thank you! Please keep fighting the good fight, and please take care of yourself, too.
uh you don't have the votes to block, just obstruct like usual! Typical..try doing something for American people!
@leonab1234 9-1-1 type commission is necessary and vital to the sovereignty of our nation
@leonab1234 good for you and we thank you sir! Makes no sense if it's some he appointed = DOJ Deputy AG
Thank you. Please keep up the fight. #resist
Why would you believe a non-binding "commitment"?  #FoolMeOneThousandTimes
Alas, a rarely seen Patriot.
So in other words you work to benefit your own AGENDA, and NOT "we the People" check! Loud and Clear Senator
Yes! Thank you Senator! This is critically important.
you've proven that you are useless as the rest!
He should resign regardless. He's supposed to be 'best' legal mind we've got?! Whether it's Lie or Don't remember? Both=unfit
@maddow You realize that you have no tools because Democrat policies have lost you 1,000 seats this year...right?
@maddow And while you are at it, block Gorsuch hearings until the Russian investigation is complete
please prevail #ThisShitHasGotToStop
for God's sake, between the AG scandal, chaos in the WH, Congress passed a lot of bad bills. Make him read it before signs
Then you are too weak to be of any use to U.S. Democrats ALL have to JUST SAY NO to ANYthing & EVERYthing TRUMP. No Excuses.
Please do this. America deserves 2 know what happened as well as 2 c Orange Julius Caesar's tax ret's & know if there r links
Thank You Senator! We need a special prosecutor! This is a matter of national security!
Thank you.
2). Caution against only special prosecutor- much more difficult - only address broken laws vs removing security risk from WH
Thank you, Senator.
You and your ilk should not make demands. Stop making believe that you DEMS can stop anything. Vietnam hero. lol
Thank you.
Dude you just called yourself a tool! #Think
@maddow http://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/3/5/1638840/-The-cracks-in-Trump-s-Kremlin-cover-up-appear-to-be-collapsing?detail=facebook … Please read this. Very good review for those who like 140+ characters.
To bad Yu can't stop it jerk.Yu are in way for AMERICANS.
We live in Colorado. Wish our Democratic Senator had your guts. Give 'me hell!
Thank you both for all you are doing to help and keep us informed!
Thank you.
thank you.. from all of the sane people that see the truth ..we haven't sipped from the coolaide.. .need more like you .
