The man who stole the valor of actual veterans lecture us on the truth. Sad! @POTUS
He lied the first time so why is he still AG???
Yes, & like Comey, Sessions must then testify in PRIVATE under oath. Bc based on his past, he'll use public setting as excuse not to answer.
The affront is that Obama never testified for any of his crimes circumventing the Constitution!
He lied under oath to the Senate during his confirmation with no consequences. What's the point??? He's a known liar.
Tell us again about your time in Vietnam!
That's Okay, let's just call it a MATTER 
Hopefully, he won't refuse to answer questions like others have, and for no legal reason!
Of course, but we already know Sessions is capable of lying. I'm not sure his testimony would be helpful.
With all due respect, do we really believe that 'under oath' means something to Sessions or Trump? They've made a career out of lying.
You Democrats are just doing a witchhunt
Don't let us stop you, Mr Senator, from making this happen like yesterday! Remind his KKK that the Confederates lost, too, over 150yrs ago.
Some people are so full of themselves they forget how to count.
What makes you think he'll tell the truth - even under oath?
You are gonna get it baby. The whole truth.
WE deserve the truth!!!!
When was the last time you got the truth from any member of the government?  I'll wait.
He won't tell the truth
He will be playing defense while the healthcare bill get passed
He volunteered to testify. Treat him with dignity not your acusatory tone.
Once again I think you will be greatly disappointed
No obama people ever testified to anything. Claimed executive privilege or the 5th
I am sorry but I do not trust Sessions, even under oath.
What do you know about the truth?
Will he be honest? Or will he obfuscate, like the others did last week?
And when is Trump going to be made to fess up to the lies about the  non-existent Comey tapes?
How the INVESTIGATION INTO LYNCH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE GOING ? WAITING
Dick. What have you done for Ct today?  Did you and your pals bring any jobs to Ct?  Why did UBS leave?  RBS
I think we should get you to testify under oath too.
You have been looking since November;Comey said no laws were broken and Trump was not under investigation. Stop wasting money.
The American people just want this Russia BS to end, now!
He will still lie Sir, just like during his confirmation hearings.
HE IS!  
#SessionsTestimony #SessionsSession
You claimed to serve  in 'Nam and didn't?
Absolutely!No Kid Gloves-Republicans!!!!
oh, how i wish it was you and Al Franken questioning him tomorrow. he already knows he can stonewall the intelligence commitee.
He'll just lie like his boss
You are absolutely correct, but neither Sess nor any other member of this heinous admin cares one whit about affront to the American people
Except for we know he lies under oath.
agreed. Sessions must testify in public, under oath.
Give him no quarter, Senator!  Your Connecticut constituents are watching you!
All of the REP need to stand together and say enough. Just walk away dont even mentionit anymore. Work on legislation. DO YOUR JOBS.
Sen Blumenthal an Schumer would rather waste our money chasing his tail. By design BTW. THIS IS TO STOP POTUS AGENGA. STOP THIS. GO TO WORK
Why the senators he testified in front of won't tell the truth ! Oh wait... you prefer to waste tax payer $ on a another spectacle
#JeffersonBeauregardSessionsNeeds2Go
Yeah but we already know he lies under oath without penalty. #meh
exactly. why is he not gone for that anyway. oh, yeah. Trump has to fire him. and Jared.
Fight the good fight @SenBlumenthal 
Indict HRC based on Comey's invest,  Sen. u wld take the case and U know it. Indict and HRC goes dwn,&takes,Comey, Obama,Lynch&Holde withher
Just wondering if you have any agenda other than destroying President Trump?  Do you realize that your Constituents are going broke in CT?
you should really read the proposals for health care and tax reform. then rethink that thing about having more money because of Trump.
You know all about telling the truth. At this point there's more evidence of bigfoot and aliens than of Russian collusion. #notmysenator
Your credibillity is approacing zero. Stop the Russia-Trump Collusion charade. End obstructionism, Get back to work for the American people.
Testify regarding what?? How the President makes him feel??
As your constituent, I would rather hear Muller's findings vs. this Political inquisition in the Senate. However, I respect your stance.
As must the President.
Thank you for your tweet.
True. But hasn't he already be dishonest to s Senate committee?
Sir, this is the most corrupt administration in history. Watch out they are trying to enact the Trumpstitution to replace the Constitution
The Senator who lied thru his teeth about his Vietnam War military record is an affront to America. We can never believe anything you say!
Rice, Lynch and Obama must testify in public and under oath for the unmasking basicly spying  on all  Who were running for president.
You are an affront to many of your constituents - all talk no action - bitter partisan - unable to accept election results
I care most about Congress holding him accountable for his previous perjury duting confirmation hearings!
We used 2teach G Orwell's 1984 as the way socialist lie their way 2power & tyranny. Now it's an instruction manual used 2 indoctrinate youth
Thank You we do desreve the truth and I want to see Trump testify in public under oath too
He volunteered immediately, no executive privilege claimed.. #FastandFurious #Benghazi, @IRS,,,,
