Joshua 3:7
And the #Lord said to #Joshua, “This #day I will begin to #exalt you in the #sight of all #Israel, that they may know that, as I was with #Moses, so I will be with you.
#Jesus #Saves   #JesusSaves #OneNationUnderGOD
Titus 3:1-2
Remind them to be subject to #rulers and #authorities, to obey, to be ready for every good #work, to speak #evil of no one, to be #peaceable, gentle, showing all #humility to all #men.
RIP Barbara.....pray for us and our great country from above
Yes we need it
Yes ....Barbara will Pray that Human Life will be respected from CONCEPTION...she was a big advocate of PRO-LIFE....she will now be with Our Lord Jesusand be an advocate for us...to fix our sick country ...8 years of lawlessness....we will get it back make no mistake #MAGA
I hope so something got to happen we need all the prayers we can get. I love my county my father was a vet my husband is a vet.But this is not the same USA that he fought for my dad was a proud man and love his country..
You can thank the Corrupt Democrats for that and all of those that voted for them.....my entire family serves and knows for a FACT the Left has created these messes
Well no matter what the fact is they have loss a daughter a wife a mother a grandmother a first lady of this country. My Mom passed in 2003 my dad  2013 I miss them everyday Tim and Faith did a song  Sleeping in the stars  leason to it for all the ones you Love
I'll always remember that she voted against you.

I know this is not much but it all I can really do.I am sorry for the loss of our first lady Barbara  Bush may God bless your family and bring you some peace you should hear the new song Sleeping in the star by Tim McGraw and Faith Hill  it on the new album and YouTube beautiful
She was the epitome of class and strength.
Classy woman and a relationship with her husband built on Love and respect. Wish we had that in the WH now.
We do have that in the WH now. Our #POTUS and #FLOTUS seem very happy together.
Are you kidding?
God Bless her!!
Nice to see her back
No recollection of anything good
In fact, (I was younger) walking the city streets at lunch, working for a corporation wondering why #GHWBush was cutting back on my ability to finance my education

My #dislike for #politicians
#began w/HIM

#BusinessMan
Death is part of life.

I don't play "cliches"

My #Korean mom who lived through #WWII #KoreanWar
#taught me NOT to mince words and tell the #TRUTH.
Be #courageous
Be #BOLD
Fight
and NEVER give up!

That's #LIFE

#READ then
#Donate to
Yes, but did she also teach you there is a time to keep your mouth shut??
R.I.P. & Thank you to former First Lady Barbara Bush...
God rest her soul...she was a amazing Lady....
So elegant!
Bravo to her for saying about @POTUS @realDonaldTrump what so many are thinking:
Nonsense...she challenged him as we all should but believed in ProLife....Capitalism...Low Taxes.... everything the Corrupt Left is against

She was an amazing woman and she loathed trump.  Just goes to show what a smart woman she was
If Melania were married to a Democrat, you’d be gaga. She’s a stunning beauty, intelligent, and has an elegant sense of style. The only thing you ppl focus on is her sordid past.  Shouldn’t we be more inclusive, or does that only matter if you are a Dem?
God Bless her Soul to a truly wonderful women she loved her family and her Country Jesus brought her into Heaven with all the prayers. 
C'est un exemple clair du pouvoir des femmes et de leur influence que toute la maison devient grande ou détruite,Succès dans la vie ,Bonheur dans la mort.
God bless Barbara Bush  She had class and was a strong selfless patriotic woman with strong family values.
Here she is as a lesbian wedding. 
Republican First Ladies, Barbara and Laura Bush and Melania Trump are compassionate, full of Grace, kind, smart, gracious and lovely. Then there's Hillary and Michelle, self serving, self promoting, vicious and nasty. God Bless Barbara Trump. What a shining example you were!
The US is a great country, but the U.S. government is the world's worst government. The yugoslav federation, Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Egypt, Syria, north Korea and Vietnam have all been invaded by the United States. Which country will be next?
The one with oppressive governments. We are the good guys. The ones that want equality and unity also with tolerant diversity.
You all are still sleeping :/ Connect the dots to uncover what's actually going on instead putting faith in what media has told you. They LIED.
So do you. Cite something.
100% class
omg i forgot what it's like to have classy people in the white house, the last 15 months feel like 15 years
Rest In Heaven Mrs. Barbara Bush. A Angel On Her Way Home 
Beautiful woman, staunchly loyal to God, her family and country. A true class act! God bless! 
Wonderful Woman of Staure
What a Couple...In or Out of the Whitehouse..

When the dark chapter of the Trump presidency is written in the history books, the harshest criticism will be reserved for the GOP leadership in Congress, which put party over country and refused to defend our institutions and the rule of law when they were most at risk. …
@POTUS 
This is what I remember about her inlaws-guilty by association?
.@realDonaldTrump
Our condolences to the Bush Family, our prayers and thoughts are with them.
RIP BARBARA WE ALL LOVE YOU! AMERICA LOVES YOU! BUT GOD LOVES YOU MORE!
Now that was a couple in love, unlike the current first couple!
@43georgebush @GeorgeHWBush 

Nothing but 

R.I.Paradise dear lady

Look over your loving husband & family
Great loving couple.
Go to her.
R.I.P 
She’s forgotten about you and the horrible things you said about her sons. #MorallyUnfit

That's how you feel about someone dying....a fellow human being...perhaps God will take away His beautiful oceans when you go????no more windsurfing for you....see how that makes you feel inside....
This is what hate does to a brain when they have overdosed on it! They have no dignity for themselves or others! I agree God may perhaps take something away or if Jaume is lucky =teach the soul about having humanity
So True...sad indeed when these Leftist HATE so much...it shows how aligned they are with the worst the world has ever had...the Mao's, Hitler's, Stalin's...etc...very sad...and they think they made nature...the beautiful oceans.....what losers!!!..This is about a celebration
Please POTUS attend her Funeral.  With all other former Potus attending and you not.  Will just add fire to the evil left agenda.  She was a Beloved Awesome First Lady. God bless you.
She who spawned Dubya deserves respect? The tree is known by the fruit. In this case, poisonous.
Truly was a woman with good heart, social grace and class.
True love for each other and America.
#bodegastrike 
#IamAmericantoo
Ivanka is the only firt lady in chinese people's heart.We all envy her husband,married such a woman with  figure of a supermodel, the face of a Goddess,the smart brain.
God Bless Barbara Bush!

Remembering the victims of MKUltra
https://www.facebook.com/sacha.stone.7/posts/10156485391948487 …
#MKUltra
And the Buffoon has to make it about himself.              Trump: "Melania and I send our prayers to Barbara's husband of 73 years. I'll never beat that record."
God bless her.
I’m just GLAD WE DONT HAVE TO PAY HER PENSION ANYMORE! 
Everyone needs a Champion in their lives
I'm so sorry for the loss of the Bush family
So sorry. 
 Matakana, New Zealand 
R.I.P.     Mrs.   bush.   
Very said nice lady fine American RIP Silver Fox
Barbara & your beautiful, white pearls —pay attention ladies, ‘cause that’s CLASS!!
Praying for the Bush family. Life is only meaningful if it is lived for Jesus, everything else will pass away.
Must make you sad that you have nothing like that and never will
P.S. She did not approve of this administration.
Amen
@POTUS
@PhilipRucker
17h ago
On CNN @jamiegangel is talking about how thoughtful & decent George and Barbara Bush were with staff, noting when they went to the Vatican they asked who was Catholic so those aides could join. Marked contrast to Trump excluding Sean Spicer last year.
I have loved and admired Barbara Bush  my whole life. I loved her wit and bluntness and how much she loved her husband and all of her family. Lovely lovely woman 
There is a classy , Respected 1st family . Something this President @POTUS don’t even come close to . Take some hints 45
She hated Trump just like all the Bush’s. She was a good judge of character.
#MAGA
Bet Barb never smacked George's hand away --at least NOT ON .

You can see the love and how natural and comfortable they are.  We don't see that now, only for a photo op!
Heavenly Father, please bless the Bush family.
they sure were dignified and good people, unlike the current residents of the @WhiteHouse
She and 41 had a true respect and deep love for each other ..... unlike the current adulterous POS in office
RIP Mrs.Bush...you were a class act. #inaleagueofherown
Nice picture of the Former First Lady

I wonder if Bend Over Barry Obama is flying his American flag at... ahh, umm yeah just forget that, we all know how he feels about America.

The truth hurts, doesn't it Hank.
Just like the roaring economy is all because of Barry and nothing to do with President Trump.
There is always two sides to all cards.. lmfao

@danielocarmon @Froim @netanyahu  These are the highlights of the Jewish people's journey from homeland to exile & threat of extinction to return & independence in a flourishing democracy, now celebrating its 70th anniversary! #Israel70  @realDonaldTrump
Remembering former First Lady Barbara Bush: http://45.wh.gov/6z1T3t 
My Grandma,  what big hands you have, what big shoulders you have 
A good woman. Unlike the current First Lady.
Two Great Ladies....I think you meant Michelle Muche Obama...
Nope, like Nikki Haley I’m not confused.
When America had a REAL POTUS & FLOTUS!
Fly like an Eagle Barbara Bush and make Peace all over the World before entering into the Kingdom of Heaven as you have entered right here on Earth.  Rest well Dear when you get home this Weekend.
If you’re remembering Barbara, could you tell Trump to give the twitter meltdowns a rest for a beat?
Their love and faith was like a tree with a deep foundation/root system. The strong winds of life could make the branches bend over, but they wouldn’t break. Eventually, the tree and its branches would return to its original form.....strong, and sturdy, unharmed by the winds.
请关注南京强吃钱旺集团事件，注册地在四川，办公在上海，企业法人被南京警方自首，南京警方强制关停了集团旗下公司，还上门强制老百姓报案，拦访截访，殴打上访群众，上央视13诋毁企业，控制舆论，不断删帖删除企业以前的宣传报道。还抓了很多老百姓拍忏悔视频，弄得人心惶惶
Is that the best picture you have?
In my heart and soul I will miss Mrs. Barbra Bush our 1st Lady, great woman.
Please stop. These were the real, respected Republicans. They hated all of you and what you have done to the party and the White House.
Was it this year or last year? I’m confused.
I forgive Mrs. Bush for speakin so horribly about OUR PRESIDENT AND HIS SUPPORTERS.....but, I can only do so with God's help.
True soul mates
Mrs Bush had class, respect and spoke the truth. The current White House has none of those qualities. SAD!!

"I FEEL LIKE DAVID HOGG"

#DavidHogg #Qanon #2A #2ndamendment #NRA @nratv @NRA 
I always admired Barbara Bush for being such a woman
RIP MRS. BUSH, You will surely be missed!!
Awwww loved you Barbara Bush !!
A REAL First Lady, not this. @FLOTUS

Correction- Barbara Crowley
If only the entire WH had learned something from her example.
Please Please don't desecrate Mrs. Bush's memory with any statement from you.  She was a patriot and an American, something you are NOT
WTF? There’s no picture of her facing the camer
A totally class act....not what we now have to endure in the white house.
.
RIP BB.  #shitWHoleGOP
Beautiful Picture 
What a wonderful lady she will be miss RIP sweet lady your were a class act
This White House will never come close to the LOVE / CLASS / DIGNITY of the BUSHES.
Now Mrs Barbara Bush was a great lady. She will be missed by most RIP.



R.I.P!!!!!!
Ya remember when there 
was dignity and class in our White House...

I'll assume Don won't be going to the funeral, given that all the other living presidents will be there. As we all know, they've made no secret that they all agree that Don is just a pathetic con artist/"reality"TV personality who is royally up fucking the nation that they love.
She looks like a man!
#thegreatawakening #Adrenochrome #TheStormIsHere #PedoGate #PizzaGate #QAnon #releasethevideo #iamnotasheep @realDonaldTrump @POTUS

Isnt she Alister Crowley's kinfolk? Not fam



But no words from you...you f@#king fake Pres.
Eaaa real team real women real presidents not like trump #garbage
Dear president, maybe I want to visit IRGC agents in Geneva, Switzerland. If I did not go tomorrow, I would go to the US embassy in Geneva. Let me go to head, just burry me as an Iranian, American soldier. Mrs.
.@WhiteHouse I remember when she said not to vote for trump. The people listened. Russia didn't. @potus
Nice how liberals are using this to attack Trump, too. When they aren't attacking the deceased...

@realDonaldTrump, at least put the correct date, you moronic 
Double Standard @realDonaldTrump! Assisted suicide ok for the rich but not an ordinary citizen. Barbara was given an overdose of Fentanyl at home and then she was dead! Pathetic! @BillOReilly @seanhannity
At least Barbara Bush died in the knowledge that her son wasn't the worst president in U.S. history
Yeah, remembering a time when #POTUS walked side by side with his wife. Remember #GeorgeWBush and #BarackObama behaving the same way. Then again, those MEN didn't have to explain unprotected sex with #pornstars or the #sexualassualt of dozens of women to their wives either.
Not to mention underage boys.
Guilty by association.  Barbara knew the real story.
What a loving couple. Will we ever get a pick like that of Donnie and Melania that isn’t staged?  What will Melania be remembered for?
Very nice picture. Meanwhile Donald and Melania don’t even hold hands in public, let alone walk along with their arms around each other.
Wow. A retweet. Couldn't you have written another, you do it all day long!
Protest: No Justice No Peace!!!! Thewizonodd
A Class Act R I P

Nice.
THEY were a class act!

Gone, along with the new world order... #maga
The Bush #Crime Family :)
Best First Lady ever!
Get going!
I'll remember she was the person who gave birth to what was the worst President in US history until @realDonaldTrump came along.
Oh to return to the days of decent leadership and American exceptionalism before Corrupt Donald Trump.  RIP, Mrs. Bush.
Was so proud to call her our First Lady. Displayed wit, and grace. A true matriarch to a wonderful family. RIP Mrs. Bush
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2042031292556581&id=346937065399354 …
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump it’s a sad that when you go not many will remember you and the damage you have done because Americans are resilience.
You are not only lacking in class, you are illerate. Put down the phone and return to grade school.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2042031292556581&id=346937065399354 …


God bless you Bar!
Wii xk ida ida id wi wi
For once let Americans and the News Media Honor your Former First Lady, Mrs. Bush. Rest in Peace Mama we love you.

Why isn't the flag half staff in Florida where 45 is?  This is supposed to be a country wide thing.  He is such a disgrace.

Remembering Donald Trump
Condolences  Barbara was a great literacy advocate!
I remember Winnie Mandela
How about remembering PUERTO RICO.
Is it dead?
GOD BLESSED HER AND HER FAMILY . COLLAPSE OF GODLESS COMMIE USSR. GREAT LOVE FOR THEM.  AMEN

I truly believe we'll never forget her. RIP Mrs Bush.
A true first lady! Who speaks english!
I'm glad you fixed the date. I'd hate to think she actually died a year ago and you're just getting around to mentioning it today.
Were there no pictures of the front of her?
None.
One of the last real republican families
I'm guessing Trump will honor her memory by hitting the links instead of attending her funeral.
Matthew 12:43-45
Ain't nothing going to mess with Trump's vacations.
