Africa needs more than just data to reduce hunger. Most Africans are shying away from agriculture and moving to urban centres for white collar jobs. Enforcing that people in most farm areas to grow what they eat, should be first
And other places.
Nice.and.god.blessing. you
Great idea from a great diplomat
My Idol, Bill Gates.  Help me to build the house
Yes
Good
I wish if ye can start with us here in my country Uganda seriously we need much help than any  one else
If most rich men was as caring as you are and give back to the world from there HEART and not just because of taxes deductions the world would be in a better place and the people in it you are a good man i hope as far as i know Amen 
Would require a massive cultural shift. From my experience living in Africa, perceptions of 'food' a skewed in a way that favors overconsumptive malnutrition.
Great think

Re waiting promised help for our enterprise for humanity working shoes makers fabric and block fabric
Good read. Thanks for sharing.
Help us!.Please let chairman Xijinping know the truth that Qianwang(钱旺) was wronged and millions of people live in misery.Thank you!
We also inneed of help Mr William henry gate. This world need a solutions and God has already appointed those who will solve the solutions @ Mr William henry gate..
out standing speech.
@KofiAnnan stay doing great work 
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
Billy, next time you come to Croatia take me for a boat drive please
Impressive picture
That's super good. Love you.
You both have a lot in Common!
Proud of both of you,Raise a Finger(RAF) work on nutrition for displaced South Sudanese mothers and children: Email: banyjal@yahoo.com
Thank you my frends
Iwantbe like you
You are good persona vs
Good idea love it
Hello i am ELENA and i have a child with optic displasia sindrome di de Morsier and grave http://autism.my  child don't speack see and walk.please help me to find something a doctor or a treatment anything.i am desesperate because don't know what to do anymore for my child
With due respect.I feel http://encouraged.As  physical http://disabled.Help  make a difference. #Love is the Way.#Our lives are filled with meeting wonderful people!I want to working for the good of http://mankind.Love  for http://humanity.Help  us inspire.Hope
Thanks!
i think HUNGER SHOULD BE IMPOSSIBLE in AGRO RICH nations of ASIA & AFRICA & governments to 1st CARE FARMERS & promote VEGETARIAN foods /um*
mooning bill

Greetings Sir,feeling delighted writing to you.From africa I am Ahmed Adeline an upcoming gospel song Artist that is passionate about wonderful gospel songs.really needs support to make her dreams come true.with this same line help younger once too.
你棒棒哒！！！
A lot has to be done in Africa even when the data is available
Leave Africa alone. YOU HAVE HORRIBLE INTENTIONS THAT MAKR YOU MONEY AND POISON AFRICANS. STAY OUT OF AFRICA AND DEPOPULATE YOURSELF AND THE REST OF THE BILLIONAIRES EXPLOITING THE POOR! SICK MAN WITH A WIFE WHO IS NAIVE AND BLIND TO HER HUSBANDS DEALINGS. GO AWAY PLEASE
A message of hope video: https://tv.jw.org/#en/mediaitems/VODMinistryNeedGreater/pub-jwbrd_201511_2_VIDEO …
I am Kaisalin EEA Majesty 
Hi  USA 500000
009+886905051936
2018/3/10Now 
Kaisalin EEA Majesty
20) (1) 2018년 3월 2일 오후 5시 50분경에 연세대 본관 언더우드 총장관을 방문하여 본인이 언더우드 총장님의 제자이며, 루즈벨트와 투루먼 대통령의 부하였던 주원식의 딸인 GraceGatesClintonJoo(Ph. D)/주미숙(Joo, Mi-Suk)박사 라고 했다. 그러면서 계명대 본인의 모교인 신일희 총장을 방문해

The data you want is to reduce the population
Bill Gates have a power of positive thinking... And also have a more energy sources for good life.... In the world...
I PRAY IT CONTINUES TO GET BETTER! MY GREAT GRANDMOTHER AND GREAT GRAND FATHER ARE FROM AFRICA!
There is hope, video: https://tv.jw.org/#en/mediaitems/VODBibleTeachings/pub-jwbcov_201505_11_VIDEO …
I'm not sure if you ever actually look at these replies, Mr. Gates, but I want you to know that you are one of the few good ones. You inspire me to do the best I can to try and build a better world and leave this one better by the time I die. Thank you.
Slt  C'est géniale  félicitations  Merci
https://twitter.com/NjcWenwen/status/970107938151919616 …

Hey Chinese
India is disturbing by google store,it forces to remove all applications as usually that peoples used like Whatsapp,Twitter,M-banking etc.A murder to have yourself by negativity ways.I remembered murder in apartement while many indians visited.

. you are criminal 
. you provide to the NASA virtual reality software and on such a way they are on ground on ISS
. do you have still phone from world leader
. you are criminal
svp venez en république démocratique du Congo, aidez les enfants sans secours que notre fondation. Encadre
Very very Respected sir I want one help do u help me
Hi Bill Gates
Is that a quote about #bitcoin ? 
Definitely
브루카?
江苏南京钱旺集团2017.12.27被南京公安暴力冻结查封，致使200多万家庭血本无归，企业员工被驱散，在建建筑工程农民工拿不到工资，钱宝平台农民微商农产品滞销，堆成山的农产品只能眼看着全部烂掉，损失惨重。有些人不堪重负已经自杀身亡。南京的官老爷们，可否看看百姓的苦？企业无罪！百姓无罪！
Mr Bill Gates I want to communicate with you for something good
I NEED YOUR HELP
You deserve the Nobel Peace Prize.
I DON'T EVER SEE ON A POSITIVE NOTE THAT THIS IS UNABLE. BECAUSE WHAT http://IS.NOW , THEN WE ALL CAN LOOK AT http://THIS.NEW  FUTURE, IN A QUICK MOVEMENT NEAR FUTURE I WIIL SAY.
Good plan to end malnutrition in Africa. God bless your work.
needs support and crrective action
And new technologies like #DAG based crypto currency #IOTA will provide the backbone for the data drive  future we are heading into

We owe you much  , greater than any can imagine , I'm using windows 8  before that  xp that was awesome      , God bless you
Dear Sir, 
Though the data analysis is really very crucial but apart from it food habits and the way by which it reached to the people should also be analysed very carefully. If Africans are able to survive for so many centuries, then humans changing habits may be the main reason
This is what I was talking bout a transition of relays to help people in need. In this digital age, to bring it to countries in help.
It's because these people in Africa are raging lunatics they don't care about each other one bit you go to Africa and see the gangs and how  they use food as a weapon. animals !!!!!!
I really global citizen...
Are you chinese? But india A murder has thought if Kevin Bright as the way so they would win at America & other countries.
Is it not the job of the respective governments too? We are fooling ourselves into thinking the govts don't have the resources. Of course they do, but these are siphoned off into their own accounts
in Uganda most
This is an example of technology serving humanity (and not the other way around!)
Agree totally!
Hii
Hello
中国南京贪官张敬华，为了一己私立利，诬陷南京钱宝企业，和中国南京警方势力相互勾结，制造冤案，致使一家存在七年的民营企业被强制关停，制造企业法人自首的惊天骗局，几百万投资者血本无归，其中家破人亡，妻离子散，为了掠夺老百姓的资产，警察上门强制报案，合法去北京南京上访被警察镇压！
Ok Bill how do u erase the side effects of gardasil  regarding infertility? Been reading a lot about this, on google you-tube, duckduckgo ? Cutting the population by 10-15% is not your decision.
How do I get in on the mapping sequence?
May God continue to bless you and your wife and loved ones. May He guide you in all you in all your decisions and give you strength .
I'VE LEARNED THE MOST ON WHAT TO EXPECT FROM  A CERTAIN RECORD COMPANY, UTMOST RESPECT WHAT THEY TAUGHT ME WAS RIGHT ON POINT YUR NOT FORGOTTEN
IF I CAN'T SEE IT MOST PEOPLE ARE HEALTHIER THAN ME RIGHT NOW BUT BROTHER I'M TELLING YOU I SEE IT
Technology is great, but it doesn’t solve the problem of warlords who deprive the citizens in countries their food as a means of control. Stop that before using technology to reach the people who need it. Shut down the criminals who hoard, burn and waste food.
Like to speak about Philantropic credit to help humanitarian projects .
greetings brotherhood bill bill gates ,,, my brother from east father, precisely Indonesia, we here have a little problem about the construction of place and operational worship, if father bill willing to help us very grateful ,,, brotherly greeting
BLESS GODGOD Incline my beloved hearts to YOU DT30:15-20,Is66:1-2,1Chr29:10-20,Dan9Pr1,Ps50Receive and Prosper Ps119:1-40
searching for people who want also to help is the beginning of every social success
I'm from Pakistan I'm Muslim i like you only I not have money please help me please please please please my whatsapp number 03172011959 Please help me
SURE CAN,  SO CAN COMMUNICATION MIGHT BE ABLE TO HELP THAT ALSO
What about a cutting edge food army.
NIMROD TAMMUZ - IDOL EVERGREEN TREE worship EXPOSED??
1,381 views

72

4

SHARE

yahuah servant
Published on Feb 2, 2018
The bible condemns xmas idol green trees
I am still waiting for  my 4000 dollars from the tax cuts, I could sure use it as struggling to just get by is rough way to live.
Very beautiful
Amazing resemblance to Freeman Morgan
When Bill Gates hears his customers #ConsumerRights are on his side of the chair.
HOPE YOU DO BETTER
Good
"Without knowledge, we are real poor. If you can't feel it, you can't become a guide of your relatives". - Shirshendu
Gn sir
Pray you receive The Nobel Peace Prize soon.
Hi sir I am a very big  fan of you
not solving the housing problem = you are not solving anything...learn the basics before you spend billions and get less and less work done as the world falls apart and YOU can;t see it or why or understand your work is MINIMUM not maximum effect is near worthless! world is dying
#钱宝 集团的雷神空天无人机准备给农田撒农药了，被南京市委书记张敬华强行关闭，农民的权益被侵犯@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @USA_China_Talk @FoxNews  @BillGates @CCTV @XHNews @PDChinese @chinaorgcn @Echinanews @PDchina
HELP!Mr. Gates,please help us expose corrupt officials and punish corruption. Nanjing corrupt officials bribe media to slander 钱宝 a Ponzi scheme.We are not!We ask the Nanjing police to enforce the law  transparently.南京贪官暗箱操作，掠夺钱宝，野蛮执法
We want the help to go round, not one sided please.
Lucifer control us!!!
https://www.createregister.com  
 visit factor I would recommend
Give em a shot Bill, that'll fix it.

You like playing Russian Roulette with people's lives, just give em a shot in the arm Bill.

Why can't scientists give a damn and create tests before you poison and cripple people with vaccinations?

Why Bill, why?
More than half of all child deaths are associated with malnutrition, which weakens the body's resistance to illness. 

Poor diet, frequent illness, and inadequate or inattentive care of young children can lead to malnutrition.

Hi Mr.Gates

How are you?
We know You Rich In money but,
Are you have a HUMANITY?
 Because ,
You keep  silent in Syria problem,

Let's think now your family lives inSYRIA 
That's time
Are you keep a silent?

You are a bigman in a world also you have a more responsible in a world

Of course Mr Gates' efforts are laudable and every human life saved counts. The universe dies a little when the representation of it in that person s brain dies.  That said, the way out of poverty for, say, Zimbabwe, is democratic capitalism.  NOT a Soviet style economy.
I WISH ALL THE BEST
Thank you Mr @BillGate and kofiAnnan and a lot have being said and done for the said citizen of Africans Nation but for the grass root does not get the benefit effects so sir please I suggest you deal with Africans directly not Government and  politicians. Think about it.
People in Africa are tired of institutional hand outs, African need better governance , & opportunities, this narrative of donation & free things is hurting africans. Empower africa the equation is solved.
Yes ,and to collect that DATA efficiently and effectively we need effective technological tools.

9/11 
UNIT DIRECTOR COUNTER  TERRORISM UNIT 
7D2HB7B-9837
LANDAETA-ELLIS 
@LAPDHQ
@NYPD 
@HeavenWatch9 
@USArmyReserve 
@CIA 
@NSAGov 
@DEAHQ 
@POTUS 
@POTUS44
@DoralPolice @MDPDetective @MiamiPD @FBIMiamiFL Shaykh Aminullah
His partner
#Moffitt #Bioinformatics #CancerAwareness #ClinicalResreach
Good afternoon sir I am sudhakar my village chinna dornala prakasam district Andra pradesh nenu idhantha enduku chepthunanu Ante my family very poor so meeru help chestarani plssssss some problems sirrrrr only 100000lakh ok
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
hello, dear Bill. I really want to release Sergey Kovrigina, the city of Miass, a person does not sit for what, I hope that you, as a real hero, can help us, thank you very much.
يقولون انك يا بيل مستاء من الملاييين عندك  عطني مليون واحد 
Sir will you pllease take a stand for syria.
What's tchaka doing here
I keep on calling your attention to Liberia broken health system, babies and their mum dying regularly because of poor health facilities and shortages of the already poor facilities..... I can get you the statistics. 
Best regards.
hello sir
Do you know how darkness in my life,sir?
BERIKAN KAIL , PANCING DAN KOLAMNYA.
How much love africa
Indeed lack of data is probably the biggest challenge in Africa. We have little or no data for unemployment, health, food security & when it comes down to economic issues like inflation, data is only found for the formal sector leaving the informal which holds a higher percentage
Baltimore, U.S. public school system has no heat in classrooms during winter because students are predominantly African American.
