"Should your food be your best medicine"( Hippocrates ) Promoting agroecology, permaculture, organic farming : small is beautiful. 
Mr. Gates. Progress is always great! Sincerely Shellie Gary
Thats great
We hope so
I hope so, #Nigerians are working like elephant earning like ant.  A #Nigeria company is oweing me my entitle over 2 years till date...  Nigeria is a blessed country but Nigerians are suffering and smiling believeb me Mr @BillGates
It took you to come help Nigeria, Thank you for your support in Africa.
Its a lie 0...n0thing has been done..we are hungry
Can you help me?
I am glad that industry taken up solid program; needed to be addressed starting from primary health centres,  schools etc...
@BillGates
success stories by Bill & Milnda Gate foundation on polio eradication should inspire Nigerian Leadership and come up with SMART plan....
Wonderful  forward  step
So of what good will it be to this world with u a $100k richer
Sir don't give Nigeria government money,  our politicians will share it among themselves.  Give citizens the money.
Lend Your Voice To The Good Of Man On Earth Support #BiafraReferendum For What Will Be The Greatest Humanitarian Ever. Save Life, Save a Nation, Save a Culture, Save Biafra.
#Freedom #Freedom #Freedom
Absolutely Sir. It will. Peace be unto you
What is the meaning of “stunting and malnutrition”?
That's a big lie. 

Fulani herdsmen are invading our lands and farms. 

Nobody is helping.
Bill Gates is doing a fantastic job. Just wondering whether he plans to, or is helping, the growing number of homeless people in the US?
You guys have almost everything a man could ask for. It's just that most of you US people are lazy. Come to Nigeria and see this people work and strive with bad government. Walahi let's trade places... Do you know the rate of unemployment oh please
I am Australian. I know it is very difficult in your country.
I'm quite sure you don't.
I'm quite sure you don't know whether I know or don't know.
Can’t say if is true Mr bill.
We will be happen to see a steps like this which if it does not change our way of living it will Change for our children...
Dear  billgares    iam  waiting  your  seporying?
I find it amazing that you're choosing to do such great things with your platform.
Hola Bill. Me préstas 50k dlls. Inbox please :)
Please just look into a project I'm working on to end poverty,malnutrition and disease that the world can reckon with in Uganda.
Kudos to you Sir, well I just hope the present Nigerian govt will listen to your advise and do the needful.. Let it be that their ears are functioning properly....
Mr Gates you dont know Nigeria.people have almost given up hope in this country. It will take different set of people to save this country
The youth must take over from the current Nigerian government.
Youth aren't ready. See actions of @dino_melaye and governor of Kogi state. They are a big disgrace to the youths.

   is who told you that? Well I'm not surprised though at the lie, I'm only surprised that you believed the lie. Scams everywhere!
Weldone Gates ur heaven is certainly assured!
God bless you more, For your love and Concerns for Nigeria. I pray my StartUp Idea see the light like yours. Amen.
Companies,  NOT government.  In case you missed that.  @MBuhari @ProfOsinbajo @NGRPresident @bukolasaraki @YakubDogara @KwankwasoAmana
Nigerian investors are not in any way helping to build healthier and more prosperous communities especially in present Govt that is blocking their illicit means of making money to the expense of common man.
hi
Another area of investment is in the environment; there's so much polution in the urban cities. There's so much carcinogens in the air and I am afraid that there will be an outbreak of cancer epidemic in Nigeria soon. Lagos and Port Harcourt are in terrible shape. So, so sad
Remember Now John3:31-33=Whoever "Believe"_RecallHow IUse2 BegLike AStarvingDog "PleaseBelieveMe" But HIM_ Ok "Believe" "Sets HisSeal2This"=ThatGodIsTrue_We Have2Maintain Live StillBelieving WhileSuffering & WhileOthers Think You Are_Crazy_TroubleMaker
Water go pass the garri wen dem start to serve the food. God have mercy on our leaders. God bless Nigeria 
Did you meet the Nigerian prince, yet?

Just a humble nigerian that needs additional educational training jn becoming the best data analyst in my country. Can you help Sir?
Thanks a lot for ur interest and input in our country....
مع اني لااجيد اللغه الانجليزيه ولااادري وش تكتب لكن انت من اخلاقك حرام ان لااجد حسابك ضمن من اتشرف بمتابعتهم  ولو امتلك التجار نصف ماتمتلكه من صفات واخلاق لمابقي فقير على سطح الكره الارضيه
Thank you
