Wow that nice
Congratulation
And we
Hello
well deserved and congratulations!
为什么要放弃WP系统
Prodigy & Rick c-137
Congrats!!
Sir.. I'm very poor man plz help me sir ... From india ...
Common Core education program that you backed is a dumbing down of our eduction system.  You should be ashamed of yourself!

Congrats @bill Gate
Congratulations
Congratulations
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
[] #6YearWithEXO
lets incorporate their new chips into the http://www.LittleCities.net , supported by Microsoft's programs and IBM's AI Watson systems for Little Cities franchises supporting the development of the USA's Smart Grid Distribution Infrastructure (SGDI) systems.
great job!
contrrags
More like Hennessy and Patreon you know what I mean Bill? Haha so anyway.....Bill , May I borrow 3$? Thanks a ton! -Chris
Wow that nice
Hai
Congratulations
Good bill
i have a dream to reach at that corner.. congrats to them
Sir love u
USA's current economic problem is trade deficit,budget deficit,low GDP growth and huge debt (overcome from these will help USA economy)
Respect
Congratulations
By personality who is favourite??
Wish more success
You are Great Sir...... 
I have no words to tell about you..
الل
تم
#Valueble_efforts
Salute to both .
Very nice very nice
คน visionไกล ดูไงก็ดูดี
Congratulations
nice
Congrats.
What's the role of tech industry in saving wildlife?
Don't ignore the fact that  more material for #construction means more indirect killing of #animals #trees. #Activists #Buddhists #Environment  #vegan concern 
GREAT WORK!! LUV the semiconductor industry.
Congratulations
Very nice
Wau friend excellente.
...architects of simplicity, better design the life, progress and  future of humanity!...indeed.
John Hennessy and David Patterson changed the computing world for the better.
Congratulations both of you
Me gustaría tanto tener una conversación con usted . Siempre le he admirado mucho . Saludos
hello sir, love u to be my mentor. Love tp hear frm u soon
can help me recover what I had earned , mi number phone is 56-965108378 , I feel like I owe a prize after saving his life,and the work that I did for you, I live in the city of Calama in Chile, Avenida Regimiento Street, number # 3355, houses named Atacama Village
Mr. Bill, I saved your life in an assault occurred in the ship octopus ,in montañita ecuador, then I started my work for you ,they have taken all the money you gave me , and the work I did for you I can not prove it , ¿can help me recover what I had earned ?
Congratulations sir
Congrats
You  are such a generous and humble man 
when is your turn.
I know you are tired of hearing this but
you and Melinda derserve the 2019 
Nobel Peace Prize. 
I won’t stop until you get it 
This is a big one Congs Nerds
thats really awesome
I am so delight on the way you affect life positively
Great
Too much books  to read not enough time.
Give them money, not gratitude.
Congratulations
Congratulations both of you and hard work deserved great success
..Jennings US Patent devised the Multi layered Haptic Screen for 3D Force Touch  @NobelPrize @MuseeLouvre
..Jennings US Patent devised the Multi layered Haptic Screen for 3D Force Touch  @NobelPrize @MuseeLouvre
..Jennings US Patent devised the Multi layered Haptic Screen for 3D Force Touch  @NobelPrize @MuseeLouvre
..Jennings US Patent devised the Multi layered Haptic Screen for 3D Force Touch  @NobelPrize @MuseeLouvre
Wow..
Ayaaàaaaaa
Great achievement
congratulations
I'm from Albuquerque any donation helps
Wow
..Jennings US Patent devised the Multi layered Haptic Screen for 3D Force Touch  @tim_cook @melindagates
..Jennings US Patent devised the Multi layered Haptic Screen for 3D Force Touch  @tim_cook @melindagates
..Jennings US Patent devised the Multi layered Haptic Screen for 3D Force Touch  @tim_cook @melindagates
..Jennings US Patent devised the Multi layered Haptic Screen for 3D Force Touch  @tim_cook @melindagates
we re looking for youtuber to play as golkeepers in this year s charity match                if you re interested or know a youtuber that is let us know
I'm glad to fellow on this platform, I will like further my education

Namaskar shreeman
Surprisingly this is nothing new to me just re-organized and designed this has been for a long time.
Well done
Millions of people have windows
But very few likes
Shows the Hatred people show towards you...
Congratulations gentleman...
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

By God's grace, I can Write, Act & Direct such type of Movie.

Wish you & your family a great health and happiness.
let them dream like a dolphin
Ji
What good is computing power when it goes towards platforms that sell us the world on the internet? Much of computing power is being wasted on childish social media. It seems we could build a fully automated world and heal many of our social ills, including the delusion of money.
Actually you owe billions , that you people make
@BeyoncePriv @isabelaangola @McDermedFox9 @flytetymejam @TLSOUNDOFF @AlikoDangote @WarrenBuffett @MiaMaktoum @Latifamak @Magda_Wierzycka @idanielsenbass 
BILLY BABY, I'M N LOVE WITH U ELIMINATING POVERTY & DISEASES N AFRICA7

THIS IS Y "THE ALL" MADE U THE WORLDS RICHEST MAN7 – at Paisley Park Studios
Wow such amazing news! These men of such astounding vision are a great gift to humanity! So glad they are also honoring Turing! What a mind!
Legends

Go to optical computerーよろしく。
@BillGates Sir please make a donation to Eurofusion to speed up nuclear fusion research: we need clean and limitless energy as soon as possible. Article:” With better funding the worldwide fusion community could make more progress just by working more in parallel than in series”
Ive Been In Deep Thought About ACouple Of Things_But As4Now Thank You 4BeenHere|There 4Me_When ISpeak When IFeel Better_IWill Always SpeakTruth_ILike Fleetwood Mac Honey "Gypse"_IHate 2Complain But I'm Sore ttyl
Congratulations Gentlemen 
Long live the nerds
Your posts are so informative & uplifting #LoveYourSoul
=)
هلا بالصديق الغالي 
Congrats!
thank you so much sir for you best technology
Understand the true nature of that knowledge by approaching illumined soul.
If you prostrate at their feet, render them service, and question them with an open and guileless heart, those wise seers of Truth will instruct you in that knowledge.
#गीतासार 
@realshoaibmalik
May i get any reward i m also category  wuse same like u lol
Highly regarded authors of classic quantitative textbook on the computer design
Thanks Bill for all your hard work and determination to build a good O.S. and gaming Co ;) and well search engine ;) I bing u bing we all bing ;) @Apple Lol hey Apple you should show gates how to make his OS as stable as yours lol. It's a sinking ship ;) reverse engineer both OS'
A staple in my bookshelf still.
Unclear why list ur drink  in my marriage via vista ! No rights on stock markets to manipulation manufacturing of employment services domain in illegal healthcare Markets! Don’t drink ur drink no point in harassing healthcare providers! Stealing identity directly from American©
You've overlooked that they're both white males and don't deserve any more 'awards' from the patriarchal power structure.
science knows no color or region
I am your biggest fan.....And idle is you....I Like your profession....
Leave the information on your computer and your password.
Congratulations sir
Hello Mr Bill Gates I read about you on Google you very interested in computer
It was a wonderful movie.
China thinks the construction law of the nuclear power plant under construction is dangerous. Interview overseas experts and share the right knowledge with everyone in China! Please.
As they owe A lotta luv to all the folks who Collaborate on ways to make this world a better safer healthier more connected place . Hopefully the tech industry doesn't fall for so much fake news lol ;););) @apple @CNN @BBCWorld oops 911 WTC 7 lol how's "Mini Cooper" these days ;)

Thanks Bill for informing us of this award.
David Patterson ha!
<3
When will the Breakthrough Energy Coalition start to become functional and funding?
@BillGates ???
Sir
Congratulations
Hii
Only the gendered ego is not always wrong.

U always been our inspiration @BillGates
Gn
Medical research system
