People use windows up upload child porn. Windows hurts children in a very direct way
The main feature of cryptocurrency is not anonymity. It’s that for the first time in human history the people have the freedom to transact without allowing the ruling elite to debase the currency and steal from the poor to give to the rich
Am trying to remember whose father it was who ran Planned Parenthood, an organisation which aborted babies in a very direct way
You clearly have no idea about what youre talking about. Crypto is used to buy drugs? USD isnt. Euro isnt. Cad isnt. Be real. Dont go and try to incriminate the whole community for a niche drug market that is a small percentage of total cryptocurrency marketcap. You know nothing
So terrorists like ISIS when occupied half of Iraq at 2014 they were selling btc 

I guess the pic here shows clearly selling oil through turkey & Syria border for USD

Unless they were selling these barrels for ethereum or $ltc 

http://metro.co.uk/2015/12/29/russian-spies-catch-12000-oil-smuggling-trucks-on-turkey-iraq-border-5590511/ …
Lool. All these big name Ceo's, banks, governments are the biggest hippocrits. The drug cartel is depositing millions of dollars in HSBC in the U.S like 3 years ago (probably still are).  No KYC no KYB.  And they talk about Bitcoin being ANONYMOUS Its FULLY transparent. 
I love what you do, but you totally got it wrong on cryptocurrencies today. Most drug rings and global terrorism operate via The U.S. Dollar. Bitcoin is traceable via the ledger. Sure drugs and other crimes will happen via cryptocurrencies, but that happens with all money.
What you should consider is how cryptocurrencies can help people in places like Zimbabwe where their currency is useless. Many have started using Bitcoin instead of local currencies putting them on an even platform with the rest of the world.
Bill Gates in 2014: Bitcoin is better than currency 
Bill gates in 2017:cryptocurrency is 'a rare technology that has caused deaths in a fairly direct way
make up your mind , crypto is good or bad?
Check "bucket" investing from 1900+. How bout casino investing in llc. Junk bonds. Bundled insecure inflated mortgages. You know. Buy value, not air.
BILL BOSS HELLO IM ASH WE ARE AT A TIME WHERE THE WORD " PATIENCE" IS BECOMING EXTINCT BRANDS ARE MOVING FASTER THAN THE TRENDS FROM ALL ANGLES"" HURRY HURRY FOR A CURRY...CURRY IN A HURRY.  GREED ???
MASTERMIND thought given one to REFLECT  its asking many ??? Broadly  LACK of Vision INCOMPLETE  tech just too much i.e. too many selfie slack lack  knowledge  about oneself Reckless
Plzz sir give me job

Hi my name is Paco, for some reason I can't open office ? Why ?
It's because of cryptocurrencies.
Luv this photo
Your opinion on crypto killing people is extremely disappointing and shortsighted. You sound like my mom and that's not a good thing
I have never purchased fentanyl or other drugs with cryptocurrencies
Bill Gates, what you said about cryptocurrencies is a shame. You became a pioneer by stealing an idea to Steve Jobs, and now you became a fool by saying some shit about something you don't even undertand. BG brain /uninstall

P.S: $TEL is awesome.
In case you got the chance to work on a project with @Linus__Torvalds would you work??
you got very interesting questions on way buddy
Hi bill,do u have any regrets for spending more time on philontrophy than technology...
Prudent questtion
can i have some money?
Your selfless contribution to the well being of others is more than remarkable! GBY
You are doing so much for humanity in many ways but why aren't you try to bring the world in  Peace as you can be the Iron Man of our real world??
Yep @elonmusk can also be the one but I still favour @BillGates  cause I'm kind of biased about software 

I know you won't answer what I want to know LOL. Can I have 100K to get my ass out of debt??
buy a bunch of $LINK if you want to get out of debt soon. don't ask for handouts like a degenerate
So many concerns about wildlife. How could we stop the extintion of so many animals?
Never use Bitcoin! It's killing wildlife.
Where do you find time to read so much? And thanks for the tips on books.
Sir I feel last last life May be once u were at gates near Lord venkateswara who rescued n accompanied godess laxmi whom we consider giver of wealth as he name is bill gates. Really senior grt soul sir hindhu God tirumala hence mother earth also had his face as impression on her
Do u think am I right ?And May be we can now give all wealth to http://pssmovement.org  right people hands to use it right way as Lord venkateswara only named Patri sir as brhamarshi you know. Let's all study hindhu concepts also sir all as great Jesus also meditated n becam God.
Why no spaceship or super underwater city?
@StarTrek or @starwars?

Is being on @bigbangtheory the biggest honor you've ever had?  Will you be on Sheldon's Enemies List?
comment procéder pour vous faire parvenir un message personnel pour un projet sérieux et important au sénégal?
How are you feeling today Mr.Gates
Nuclear power can harm -> don’t use it.   Windows is widely used to spread virus and porn -> don’t use it.
In answer to your question about what makes us optimistic in the face of so much negativity in the news - I have hope from witnessing progress in response to problems. #SolutionsJournalism is so important in helping us understand the #WholeStory
with all due respect, next time i’m on quadra i will be coming across to discuss your ignorant position on #bitcoin. lemme guess, you’re long on #ripple? nobody wants anymore broken lives, billy boy. 

but you always have been a capitalist dinosaur chicken hawk with a copyright.
hi
When are you going to buy Bitcoin?
Hola gracias por ayudar a tanta gente en el mundo, como ayudamos a los más pobres en mi país
Hey Bill Gates!!!!!
XRP
Have you not considered sports in your life ?
Solamente las buenas ideias puedem mudar el Mundo!
I'm interested in computer science and engineering so I want to work hard in order to work for you. Can you please help me to rise up ?
@elonmusk Do some of this, they are amazing!!!!
Syria..!!!!!
Nice
Hey Bill tweet me. I don't do Reddit
Thanks for the AMA, Bill! But I have to say, the cryptocurrencies answer was so way off, it's unbelievable. Please do some more research, you'll find that you were very wrong on that.
I'd like to ask to Mr. Gate what else can a single mother do in order to give a good education to my two teen children??
Sir focus on your time...
"Time and tide waits for none!!"
What do you think we should do to keep schools safe?
People are always asking for money I bet it gets annoying
I want to be a CEO of Microsoft
I want a cricket bat plzzzz
By your logic (bitcoin kills people because people can buy drugs with bitcoin)  you're sir are a mass murderer. How many people have done evil things with a Windows PC?
How much money from monsanto's budget do you spend on chemtrails every year also how much of that money is spent on the Futures Market betting on corn and water?

Crypto is the future. End of story. Peroiod
USD Papermoney is the cause of trillions death's ... compare that with crypto is not even a bactaria...  cryptocurrency+blockchian will treath us al equal... not paper money, the 1 is too rich and 1 is too poor.... blockchain and cryptocurrency make that transparant..Revolution!
The crypto did it!! The crypto did it!!
venez soutenir les enfants sans secours en république démocratique du Congo '' Kinshasa'' dans fondation boboto lisanga
venez dans mon pays la Republic démocratique du congo Kinshasa, aider les enfants sans secours, dans notre fondation,
As an educator, I just want to tell you how blessed we are that people like you and your wife care enough about our future to help fund some amazing educational programs . I wish there were more of you out there! Thank you for what you do.
Windows has caused people to lose a lot of time and money for their security bugs very directly, use #Linux instead is much more stable and very secure.
Here's your little investor meukow man worldwide as much as I've done for the military you think they would appreciate it I even got to reduce military time I done so well you think they would even care if I had to correct uniform
#sscscam RIP INDIAN COMPETITIVE EXAMINATION
Peter Billingsley once said, read my emancipation proclamation long train of abe from usurpations tron is not a loser; no new william jesuses
now its gonna be a big year 
sing that christmas carol bill 
& lets be merry
Great people,great people,health care,world leaders,
Bill Gates.

Am Edwin in Uganda am in need of your help +256752259438
Ask n'thing? .OK. how can I fix a laptop damaged by water?
Like and Like. Can we realize https://www.auroville.org/  the Ideal of Human unity on our planet THE EARTH???? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auroville   I hope if we all have real aspiration, then we can !!! && Bless me
Your statement about cryptos is the most stupid thing I've heard in a long time. Acc. to your "logic", windows is responsible for child porn and  terrorist attacks plans. I think you should therefore go to prison.
아재.  뭔 비트코인이 죽음으로 가는길이니 어쩌니 헛소리를 그렇게 하요. 
1k바이트면 메모리 충분하다고 30년전에도 개소리 하시드만 
늙어서 또 헛소립니까 ㅡㅡ
Looking for #wordpress #website ?
https://www.fiverr.com/s2/24e1ff8476  

#ThisIsUs #SDLive #BlackLightning #TheChallengeVendettas Wade #HAHN #BeastFromTheEast #Snowmageddon #TuesdayThoughts Michaelia Cash #UAConf2018 Miss Fabulass Minister for Women Jason Johannisen #NZvENG
Hiii
@BillGatess and @reddit
I'm not familiar with redit, so I'll ask you here on this platform if your ok with it?
Do you have any ideas on how to help inner city neighborhoods
Bill who knew someone so rich could be so dumb. Don’t speak about things you don’t know about
How high can your MSFT stock up in 2020?
Also what do you think of a full day of hogwash posts, questions and answers for publicity?
I live on the Island of Hawaii.  Do you have any interest in having your industry open office here in our Count?
Alright
Okay.  How do you profit while keeping your integrity in check?
Asking is easy, difficult is the answer, we have never been so close to notable people but difficult to access?
Word of advice . . . stop doing AMA's. Your knowledge of #Bitcoin is pretty dismal Bill. Damn, and I thought you were fairly intelligent. I guess for a hamster you are.
Was there a special teacher you'd like to say thanks to?  thx.
Someone said recently, that you could afford to drop a hundred dollar bill every minute as you earn over two hundred a minute. Is that true bill. And if it is why don't you drop that into cultivating food stuffs, aquaculture, hemp or sustainable energy xxxxxxx peace xxxxxxx
Project Scorpio? 
Hello sir are you onlin now
Why so tight with the charity?  How about a billion dollar challenge or better yet; a billionaire of charity one upmenship competition?  #disappointed in the 1% of the 1%

Which forehand grip do you use: eastern or semi-western?
Pls can you help me...am an orphan
Why don't Foundations support common individuals with common problems #FoundationControlledGenocide?
Lets work together to fix mental health care in this country I have the experience and know how Mr. Gates. Elie Elis
Hello sir how can you help Pacific island countries to overcome climate change especially raising sea level. We in pacific are in real threat of raising sea level .people leaving their villages and even country .
Thanks

Make dragon age 2 backward compatible for xbox one please Bill
I flunked on reddit getting a username^^
J.
Hello Bill, kindly assist me with a scholarship through your foundation to pursue a graduate study in US. Thank you
Your AMAs are so popular I can never get past all the questions! When is Melinda going to do an AMA?
Is it possible for you Sir to offer me learnership in IT networks for 2019?
My email is thabangmalefane5@gmail.com
You're supposed to ask on reddit, not here though...
Do you think that people should stay out of ( visit but not inhabit) certain places on the earth? Does nature make it difficult for humans to live in some places as a way of keeping us out, e.g. extremely cold polar regions or parasite prone equatorial regions etc..
I'm on sir....
Plzz do something for syria...I know they are muslim..But they are human as you as us..Plz Say something for syria
@BillGates ...thank you and your wife...what great humans you are!!!
80% dark web drug websites are made using Windows PC. So, please banned windows os immediately...
how to learn coding in easy way give me a small idea plss
First, you need create CV (resume), add there imagimed skills like agile, blockchain, Java, blablabla and send it to different companies. If you will have no answer, it can mean the problem is not in coding. If "yes", buy thin coding-manual on torrent and read before interview 
Scholarship, please!


Fancy the work you do! Also, love  what we're doing w/ the #Hyperloop, hope you'ld see some of the works done at SpaceX @Hyperloop. Last year, a German team's pod was the fastest and my @rLoopTeam's pod won an innovation award; goal to develop hyperloop high speed transport
Our team was born on @reddit and the #Hyperloop pod concept was designed on @SlackHQ using @autodesk Fusion 360 design tools and mfg from @TEConnectivity
Our #hyperloop pod acheived first static hover as a model to design levitation pods that will propel cargo and passengers safely during commute via tunnels or tubes or route w/ conductive tracks
Furthermore, w/ help from @digikey and other backers our #hyperloop pod was displayed at the Autodesk University #AU2017. As a result, w/ strong predictions of sustainable transportation humanity works hard towards a transition to a revolutionary future.
Dear bill gates i am very happy to see your tweets.
I am from Pakistan there people is very pure and Less educated can you help in there my country of this people.
Best wishes 
Zakirafridi15@yahoo.com
Whatsapp 00923339044677
Do you believe in Fermi' paradox!
Okay... why did you allow AMERICANS like ME to help build AMERICAN TECH brands like yours... only to throw us under the bus to joblessness and homelessness? The International CEO and H1B Visa managers are reluctant to hire African Americans.
?
DEAR  BILLGATES I  WAS SENT
how do you feel doing great things you do in your generation.
I
I do not like to exaggerate. I would gladly ask you privately about a few issues but not on a forum open to be able to do so you would have to watch me too, only that I am no one for you, I will not get such an honor
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
Question: Why is your wife obsessed with women and lesbians? That thinking doesn't help anyone says Bible.
https://www.gofundme.com/39hhcq-in-need-of-help … @bill gates
HELEMANI
Yes, I want to ask you how can you live with yourself harming so many people with vaccines, GMOs and chemtrails????? How much money will make you happy bitch??? Let’s hope your family will get cancer from all the spraying soon that you are a part of...
My best wishes for you
How are you and family ?
What is the real AIM of acquiring so much KNOWLEDGE?
Are we really able to handle our own WISDOM?
Are we really making our WORLD a beautiful place?
Why the ENTROPY of the universe is continuously increasing?
Are we with the NATURE.
Why need ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, Virtual world?

Hello !! i miss you on reddit, what do you see as crypto performance for 2018, thx you very much :)
Argh I miss it every year. I need to add some alerts.
If you could start your life over again, what would you pursue?

sir,how to get mind power?
Oh yeah... the anonymous aspect of a currency really matters? Just like HSBC admitted they were helping cartels launder money and the US Government gave a slap on the wrist fine. Bill... you give us all great hope - that someone as dumb as you can actually make money. Congrats.
Mr Bill Gates I want to communicate with you for something good
Why is your family involved in eugenics programs & medical tyranny world-wide?
Loan me a Million,Ill give back 1.2...hip-hop is very lucritable world wide!20 % think about it.....
You are very generous person in the world so far as I know. Myself Dr. Sushil Rudra, a retired person, educator, writer, social worker have a desire to impart education in slum children and Tribal youth as well. But due to lack of finances we are unable to implement.
Thank you.
Hi Bill.
What dfuck Happeni'MrTrump.ETm g Try n p,,smile pet.
@BillGates @reddit
How does it feel knowing Mr beast is richer than you
how can you say people  are now living  more than before yet people  of these generation are mostly dying at aa  tender age before they reach 70 years .before they used to reach about 100 +years?

Bill Gates, where are you?  He is not teaching Enterprise Linux or Open Office.  

This appears to be a perfect opportunity.

…
You are a human being. I wish you my life
everything will be OK

Family is like
   music,
some high notes,
some low notes,
but always a
beautiful song
What is your option toward south Sudan war, and this violent should stop and civilians should gain they right? I'm asking you as someone well known internationally? Will you please interfere on it and try your level best as you used to do in others regions?
Can you be a reason God sends me to help me get 400 thousand dollars to start my life and I am 43 years old after I lost my work in ksa iam egyption
nuestro grupo cumple 50 años de labor teatral, en Perú bien dificil
deseo conocerte tengo un sueño muy grande

I hope Reddit session was beneficial. America needs a plain-English version of NPR - sunrise to sunset broadcast - with more general info on need for NAFTA, viable EPA, etc. Breakeven $-wise, but Heartland Radio would boost USA (voter) education.
Hello sir I'm student of civil eng I have a problem of tutorial fee's please help me to achieve my dream
I need job from you.
Reddit used to be the site that I used to steal money from Microsoft apologies.
D Mentor of success. My honoured sir. What I only ask is please show me the road that leads to success
Noble nd competent man! U are a challenge to D whole world. D role model to the word.
what are important things to consider if you want to develop economically?
Ok plees give me one milion dollar 
Great ideas

Upon all de money u gt des world, hw many ppl did u help so far.
jajaj apart
Hi Bill.
Sir Could you start a MICROSOFT CAMPUS as in WASHINGTON in THIRUVANANTHAPURAM
Dunno much about crypto/bitcoin...but I assume it would kill and wipe out FEDERAL RESERVE. If so, can it be that Bill Gates is pro Lucifer?! Bc Fed Reservists are.
I just watched video of THIS on Facebook. So glad U start doing something about this horrifying pop growth.

"As counterintuitive as it may seem, population sizes don’t go up as the world gets healthier. They go down. Here’s why."
How old are you?
Take some initiative for Syria
Mr. Bill, you said crypto is directly killing people, what about guns,  you said crypto is to evade taxes and  promote crime, what about the laundry money on the institutions and banks  20% total,and the money they evade the multinationals, is a crime too?.
Thx bill for giving back!

Bill, I've nothing but respect for you but your comment on #cryptocurrency is dated and misguided. I had hopes you'd be one of the old-gen tech giants to see it for what it is and can be, not what it was years ago in infancy. A younger you would be pioneering on the blockchain.
Do you realize how stupid was your crypto statement? Like someone in 90s would say PC or Internet are use by terorist we should ban them... it is obvious you are getting aged...
Hi sir, please help to Syria. Help the innocent people and childrens. U are great humanity. Please kindly show them and proof that again. Thanks 
