Honored to join the #GivingPledge campaign and committing to making a positive and sustainable difference in the lives of people. @BillGates
LASTLY, You had design a world of your Own for the LIGHT to live under  Your Satanic & Luciferian world. Well let me design world if you decided to stay In The Darkness. All your wealth will turn into dust & you will have to start All over again in your old world. GOOD LUCK!. 
Yes am interested
ありがとうございます。
Just one big facade after another @BillGates 
#TheGreatAwakening is here 
THE TRUTH IS COMING OUT TICK TOCK 
#WeThePeople know!
#TheGreatAwakening
my name is Andres Machado, my brother and I have an idea which could revolutionize your social media. If you give us the opportunity, we would like to get in touch with you and share it. Thank you very much for your attention and hoping to hear from you soon.

Can you pls follow me on tweeter
Hi Sir! I'm poor Pakistani and you r one of the kind personality plz help to come America.
i want the america i grew up in for my children.
you have passion , charity starts at home, fix Americas homelessness and vets. we can't go solving anyones problems with out solving our own first.
Well send me a chq then


I think it would be a worthwhile philanthropy effort to provide funds for open source development work.  pick projects on github that are popular and in-demand and offer a bounty (maybe in cryptocurrency?) so active developers have an incentive to keep working hard on projects.
Bill Gatesさん

Welcome to the Giving Pledge, ◯◯. You approach philanthropy with the spirit of an entrepreneur and the passion of a humanitarian, and we’re happy to have you.

Thank you very much.

#Microsoft
https://www.gofundme.com/51flvdc 
Three weeks ago, I nearly died from a bleeding ulcer that I mistook the symptoms of for the flu. I spent four days on life support. I have no insurance, and it could be weeks or months before I am able to return to work. Please help if you can. Thank you.
Mr. @BillGates,
I am ecstatic to see that you have pledged to donating $100 Million to #Alzheimers research. 
We're a growing nonprofit that is trying for the same goal, we would love to have you be apart of our team and help donate to our coast to coast bike ride to #ENDALZ
I wish you could find it in your hearts to help me Mr.Bill..
I could use it very much..
Wouldn't take much to go along ways..
I would try to pay it back in time..
Could you please give me the chance to convince you..?

Please Bill, I heard you from the benefactors  +212629810258


How I wish I could give a part of my painting sales for the foundation.
Congratulations @drshamsheervp.  you inspire and make us feel proud !@BillGates @DungarwalHarsh
You are tje best  sir
@BillGates how can I get a grant from you and your wife to make my idea come to life? Look at Lanes Granted on
Please GIVE no more to Bill Gates! @CIA @NSAGov @uscourts @DIFCCourts
Bill Gates Quotes I choose a lazy person to do a hard job. Because a ... #BillGates but wahy you given jobs to the toppers
it is better for me to transfer $ 100-200 million as a charity, I really need this money.
I like your stories your life story i want to make film about you.... One day http://i.will.do  ...
You are great !!! I wish I can be loved you ..
You are so horable
We are happy to have you . Thank you for all the good work
The world is happy to have you too...
Life offers us many blessing some of the greatest come in the form of opportunities in helping others while blossoming ourselves. Money is only as effective as the level of awareness we have in managing it 
God bless you more sir

Am expecting mine sir
Great man ever


DNA travel

A clip that may need to be seen by any racist and nationalist person ...
DNA travel

A clip that may need to be seen by any racist and nationalist person ...
DNA travel

A clip that may need to be seen by any racist and nationalist person ...
Hey bill can I interview you for school project
You are AWESOME
Hi sir my San ratnaraj your big fan
Is really great what you are doing in the world. Blessings and thank you for think in others in deep need.
Bonjour Bill pourriez vous me dire comment devenir riche .si je raterais ma vie
Qui sais où ce trouve Vallorbe dans le monde
Great
The platform is sustainable, the proprietary tech gives a huge competitive advantage over other lending platforms, the profit is generated by a real business and is not linked to the volatility of cryptocurrencies. White paper & FAQ click here 
Just 1 Brazilian nut a day wards off Alzheimer's.
Help me
I have decided to give time to motivate youngsters to give Blood voluntarily as hospitals are not getting blood donors sufficiently. I was am emergency donor and donated 18 times. My wife is a cancer patient from 2015.I noticed it while her treatment.I am 70+,but not tired.
Do you know too much #technology and #ArtificialIntelligence could end human race?
If you're serious about philanthropy, fix Windows 10. The updates alone drive me insane.
Save us from FSG and Buy Liverpool Football Club #Liverpool RT make my voice heard
🖒
Look, I am one of the poor and have the cure for all humanity life and all the worlds to come and solve wars strife sickness...you name it solved it! I ask not one dime! Just that you pay some dam attention to the concept! Maybe make a model to see what i say is beyond all others
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/959161992123691013?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E3 … ( or )

-B.A.S.E.(YE)-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eatbhq8ONVw&sns=tw … via @youtube
Thank you very much for your helping people
Hello My name is Tomas I'm your fan. I
please respond....
Another way #Israeli #innovation is making this world a better place #hitech #technology #StartUpNation
Now Over 400 Companies giving ( tax break) Bonuses. When is Microsoft / Gates Foundation going to share with Hardworking Employees ?

You are good,我們需要解決糧食問題及疾病問題及機器人輔助生產問題，無人車發展及氫能源車問題，輔助執政決策最佳花ai系統及無人耕耘機，，腦腦及網路通信問題，核能發電問題
Hi Danielle  I like to give campaign
Thanks for the humanitarian service
congrats
"humanitarian" is eugenics concept to a eugenicist "humanitarian" some have more humanity than others. However eugenicist "humanitarian" doesn't know why! eugenicist "humanitarian" should know WWII started with eugenics
See attached for definition of an entrepreneur; an entrepreneur wants to get rich quick
Sustain and Sustainability a social trend!
Thank you Bill, that means so much coming from you.
ok
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
I really like your perspective on giving.
Will You Help?  ....
super
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
I got Unique and Amazing Ideas for seed funding. We stand for Change and the World. They might die down or else without doing their share of good.
It is so hard one to find out the real philanthropy ? most of us r busy for our self, as how can we get more&more, BUT IF WE FOLLOW THE ALMIGHTY,S WORD , LIVE&LET LIVE, Then it will be enough, But do we follow that?

God loves you.
I like to hope like you ... is it possible?

Good evening Sir

William McDougall
Book
" Freedom of thought in social sciences "
Very nice sir. Though India had many fake spiritual gurus yet I have contacts wit mst realist spiritual leaders as well.Wud u lyk 2 avail amazing spiritual retreat from one master then do pls mail vijayagayathri892@gmail.com sir. Will forward u further details abt exciting wrkshp

#StopAfrinGenocide
I don’t think vaccinating poor unsuspecting people with poisons and heavy metal toxicity is honorable.  You won’t go down the hero you hoped. People who will be remembered for #CrimesAgainstHumanity #BillGates #Soros #HillaryClinton #Obama  #BushFamily
Aslm
This should be a center for great ideas.
Will like to be part
Good morning Please register if you have a mail magazine Address is longwing 688 @ gmail. Com

Haha, Bill gates Trying To save The World One Check at a Time. I think we've established that BULLSHIT WALKS and People and Actions Talk. Coming from A product Of SCORCHED EARTH POLICY... This is so Rich... Its actually amusing :)
=^-^=
Mr. Gates would you be so generous as to help me start up a restaurant where we employee/house and provide mental health to those who fell on hard times. This program is a boot camp type where life's would be changed. Would be world class food at a reasonable price to feed NYC.
I'd like to work on my IT Projects from office, since there're more resources available while I'm networking with professionals in order to keeping me in the know. All my efforts are to increase collaborating effectively, creativity, and transparency. Time is money.
Hi
Mr Bill you inspire me you are my role model
It would be how or nice if me you are in Japan!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
GIVE

with heart
your voice
your time
I have dream to reduce world conflicts,by producing a book in books I call Hope and love for charity.A story I have been writing for the last 16years.But I lack funding and marketing  strategies to achieve my dream.Would be interested to help in that funding ?
Please give me your blessing on this new year to get the opportunity to fully change the World.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.

Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision .......

to devote their resources to solving society's problems
... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.

Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
you don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.

Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"
Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
2-Alcoholism & Pornography -- Answer--"For relaxation" & Pleasure
3-Drug -- Answer-- For relaxation, lifing up mood & Pleasure
4-Pre marital Sex- Marriage problems & Divorce
5-Absence of money awareness-Demand their parent..because of bad/rich friends
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace..will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago...

Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.

After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
You have 43.7M followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD so even FILTER can't stop..................will try

Please tell me if I am wrong for having a dream of a movie produced by you to show the right direction to our young generation.
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" . I want to contribute in this social service.

Brother,I hope you will produce one unique movie to show the right direction to our Young generation.Very real & Simple...........  no Fiction

You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter this issue is pending from Your side.

Movies show BIG impact on society, Please plan the production of such movie for welfare of our young generation.
Hi sir ji kaise hai aap
Dear Mr. Gates & Mr. Vayalil: I would like to meet with you to discuss how I can be of assistance. NAME: Gualberto Melendez, PHONE: 1 (760) 694-2482, E-MAIL:      gualberjay@gmail.com
Beautiful
Welcome to any humantraine charity and cooperation in africa .
Sir why you not try to joining last Presidential election day in America? You are a kind person, many people you helped and your heart is good
Dad hook me up
Our interactive online platform for psychologists and medical doctors can be used to lower costs and increase access. Would love to talk with you about it.






I'm writing the number of gates in Turkey does not help me in my own country as you are helpful enough money, but you can reach and touch your hand to help the displaced beyond the ocean's father apparently did not change my life for you I would be grateful sin
Killuminati
Sir,I want just one chance to make a difference. Am asking for one chance to show how optimistic my future is and how I would help people. One chance, please help me on my tuition fee and accommodation. I just want one chance Sir for you to help me.
Sir follow me
okay nice but have some things to share with you please fellow me back thanks dont mind a reply
It will be the day when all of this planet will unite. And that day humans can conquer the whole world and live in peace. We have ideas for reaching this day.
I'm fortunate enough to have met you
Bill, your leadership is outstanding.
조금더 많은 이 들의 헌신이 지구촌 가족에게 필요 합니다 !

Proud dr shamsheer !
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXe2Eorjqtk/ 

Good afternoon Sir. Thesis has been a rotten big problem in a society.

Thanks to you respectful Chairman and America, I could be a man getting reputation. I greatly appreciate you and America
Roscoe Tanner
Being built with base
ونحن سعداء أن تصبح مسلم
