Water in Cape Town would be a good start. 

And Climate Change adaptation would be insightful.
Don't forget water in Malamulele too
Yes indeed. With climate change, drought is going to be the biggest problem in all of southern Africa.
Did any of you read the objectives of the foundation? This one I am seeing you guys talk about water 
To be honest I didn't read it! #shameonme 
nice !!
Trevor you're in trouble! They want the results now....Gates is waiting to see what your foundation will accomplish. I am waiting how your foundation accomplishes those goals so we afrikans can replicate at a scale. And congrats mwana Afrika (son of Afrika)
"Mwana"?
Tsonga...it's Tsonga for child
Wa hemba, N'WANA hayi mwana
Okay sorry but we were close mos

No pressure, Trevor.
Are #charitable Foundations the future of #employment? Should they be? ~ Are the goals of issue organizing and fund raising MORE important than corporate governance and business ethics combined? ~ I am asking for someone diagnosed with a rare #LifeChanging illness.

#NoFunds
Because people get illnesses which health insurance refuses to cover and if your family has no additional resources, what do you do? Even fifty-fifty chances of survival tip towards life-threatening when basic medicine cannot be afforded!

It is a #life I am talking about! #Real
It is amazing what a good guy without a gun can do !
Am still saying it again Black ingredient is the realest. If @RealBlackCoffee and @Trevornoah did it, who am I not to make it?  Thanks guys for your achievements because they push us to believe in our passion and potential.
Way to give back Trevor. So glad you landed in USA before you-know-who landed in WH. How can I help?
Levels
Trevor, please don’t invite Trump’s adult sons to Africa.  They’re only interested in hunting.
Make a donation Bill...then wait and see
Amazing
Can’t joke this one out, Noah. But we all believe you. No pressure, though 
Wish Trevor Noah plenty of success. He can get some help from Transparency Intern on how to inculcate a commitment to anti corruption from early childhood,since it can’t come from the top ;) Good luck Trevor
Congrats Mr Trevor
Awesome
Currently reading... Congratulations indeed!
@Trevornoah is gonna cream his pants when he sees this tweet from @BillGates
About to put in place a new fondation LectricLou LP fondation to help new artist and local people and environment
Dear Mr Gates, I heard you on BBC Africa talking about eliminating malaria. What a good man? May God give you abundant blessings. The Chinese have helped a lot through Artemisinin. It clears all 4 strains of malaria, including the resistant p falciparum. Work with them. Best Rgds
Dankie @Trevornoah #TrevorNoahFoundation

Amazing
Good
No pressure @Trevornoah
Best wishes Trevor, we have great expectations from you. Personally me very very high.
Good idea, I wish I had a foundation myself.
...new hope on the horizon!
Hi Bill please raise voice for Syria kids & stop the war of trump
These people won’t ever speak out, because it will effect there billions they making.
To avoid taxes? Start an foundation.
Boo sour grapes
@ShantSamuel
I know he's perfect 
Njaa  
Njesss

This is how you use your platform in a positive and inspiring way! #thisishowyoudoit
What @manderaten  said! Hey at least you got them looking and noticing . I believe in u and congrats. True inspiration 
See my excellent video lessons
Cool

Congrats @Trevornoah on the launch of your foundation. I can’t wait to see what you accomplish. http://b-gat.es/2H6fpJD 
Ok Mr. Noah, it doesn't get any better than this! Not only you have a foundation, Bill gates congrats to  go with it. Awesome!
You are humble ****
Simyekile qha
Siyabonga babaGates 
I don’t see @Trevornoah ever broke in this generation
Rural Agricultural Engeneering For Agricultural Ecology Lingkaged were the Wise step to prevet any deceases
African child you can do it
I'm the Southern Africa Vaccines Lead for Pfizer, responsible for all of Sub-saharan Africa in my role. The GAVI alliance has literally saved millions of African lives in terms of preventing pneumonia in children  <5 yrs. Education is also prevention.
Well done big bro...south Africa and the world is proud of u..inkosi ikusikelele tata
If your grind is noticed by Mr. Gate's that's motivation on another level. Congrats @Trevornoah... the only way up is helping others.
This mission is phenomenal. Congratulations, Trevor Noah!
@General_mentos
Well done son of Soweto 
it's really amazing
Bill Gates
Your awesome Sir. God Bless  You.
Hello,
My end goal involves disrupting the family unit of the native population and forcing the working class into tax slaves.
Help me please.
I need your help to accomplish that kind of thing.
Thanks.
https://forums.d2jsp.org/topic.php?t=78322083&f=276 …
Beautiful Trevor, may the gods be with you and uncle Bill as always
Woh!
Its always goood to give back @BillGates and @Trevornoah
Congrats @Trevornoah on the launch of your foundation. I can’t wait to see what you accomplish. http://b-gat.es/2H6fpJD 
That  is a nice project mr trevor noah  congrat too u
Why do I read this as passive agressive lol
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
Bill , how do i get funding for my small business, I've tried everywhere, everything. I keep getting fobbed off. Give it a year, 6 months has gone.

With you @BillGates watching @Trevornoah will definitely do great
what FOUNDATION will help a S.T.E.M. Club for elementary girls- KJSS doing REAL S.T.E.M.  efforts to measure 2020 & 2026 S.T.E.M.  Goals??????
https://www.facebook.com/ScholarSisters/ 
Please follow me
@LeRNt1 look at who sees him 
@Trevornoah is a fine guy although probably the least humerous soul on television
His is, at the very least, funnier than your soul.
Mme e Trevor a tsamayang ho yena. 
O sterk ka nnete.
 Wena
You are humble ****
can't wait for him to stop killing us with data via CELLC...
congratulations Trevor Noah. We are rooting for you. #weseewetalk #niwcostreet
.
Hi sir i can meet you
Result will always come Trevor. Awesome move take your time
They say work hard and leave a stunning legacy  Yours will be an Inspirational one for the youth of South Africa.and a "warm feeling"  one for us older peeps
Ok
How about ask a degreed educator both of you.
A guy from Soweto is getting tweets from Bill Gates. Trevor, you're an inspiration.
I just feel like you are being shady
Heaven is behind you, fear nothing...
@SimonMokgotlhoa @Hlophe_TheGreat
Trevor, check out the AVID program. I have come in contact with many underprivileged high schoolers who have gained terrific skills and confidence through this program!
CONGRATULATIONS on another milestone... need an extra pair of hands (or brainpower)? Right here with @YFASA @NicetyStudiosSA #FightingChanceFoundation #GhettoCEOFoundation ready to do our part and make a difference  #Respect #Salute
Dankie Njayami... letha lendoda ekasi @Trevornoah
mr bill will u search for a job
Great job
How cool is this.
Damn....I can’t wait to start out my own foundation!

YOU MUST BE A REAL MAN TO BE CONGRATULATED BY @BILL GATES
#KEEPITUPDAYWALKER
Trevor bless up man you from ma home land
Bless up !! 
Well done big bro 
Gates you'lnot regrets.... Noah realy worked on this moment
Great
Awesome initiative by @Trevornoah . You are an inspiration. And now you are not just talking the talk....you are walking the walk. #Kudos


Realists
Trevor wow 
Am sure all plans are set. We all waiting
We should all be involved in seeing this through.
Well done Bill .a country with 27bil rand corruption a year. A country changing laws to take land / economic opportunity / prosecute  minority ...with out compensation and killing them off  ... level 8 on Genocide..  .. if you going to waste money ... think of me
As a South African, I am so proud of what you hav accomplished Trevor
One step at a time
Well done Trev. Keeping shining and making us proud brother.
Hello sir.... Thanks

@BillGates is that you?
Ungabinaxhala wena bhuti .. inoba wayengazi noba uyohlala na kuqala .. Mtshana wasemaXhoseni siyabulela ngomsebenzi omhle. "Kakade izinja zileqa ehambayo, emileyo imoto ziyayichamela". Well.done bhuti wam

Read your report on his book. Glad you’re a fan 
Good morning, can we provide a disease surveillance system for the monitoring of the malaria programme
Morning HONARABLE,please is it any foundation who can help me or support me Continue my CATERING SCHOOL. Am ORPHAN Father since 1999 and ORPHAN Mother since 2005.I have BPH In HOTELERIE
For #BPH (#prostate enlargement), UMOOZE may be a natural solution
Bless up!
Mama Winnie Gave The Signal, Use It! Anyway Congrats My Mate!
@Trevornoah was only joking about this @BillGates
Bless up 

Easy task. I spent a year in South Africa recently as an American contractor. There's so much to do. Water shortages, rolling black outs, schools without desks or bathrooms or text books, townships, poaching endangered species, just to name a few. Gates and Americans are spoiled.
This is what a true leader tweets.  You and your wife are amazing!  Trevor amazing!
idol
How about giving @Trevornoah a endowment to get him going
My heartily best wishes....⚘
Best way to evade that tax! *wink wink*. Clean the money.
President Noah!A wee bit premature?Ok,a foundation is a great start!I can't think of anyone more perfectly suited to do this in SA!You're already a national treasure there & in America!SO enjoyed your book which I read too quickly!Thank you @BillGates you are a great inspiration!
Congratulations brother _ I wish you all plenty success. Replenish
You doing great DW
Beautiful!
Congratulations
Been passionate about your stuff...kindly inbox me Mr.Gates
We're proud of you @Trevornoah
Salute YaseMzansi
Mxele lo bill gates afake ne jam kulo accomplish
Bill, please buy Sinclair.
Noah's Ark 
As for the reply 
Please look at what these people have accomplished http://www.kanjanji.com 
THE DAYWALKER SHINING
Hey Bill, Trevor says thanks but he will send you results later.
Perfect 
نحتاج مساعدتك لاجل اطفالي 
وشكرا لك
Great stuff!!!
Wow...thats so very nice..Well done.
Bill Gates tell me how can Mr Bezos step u down?
How come?
@_monreaux
And I’ll sort out dinner tonight for the kids. You two crack on. @RachelRileyRR
Cool 
Whoop whoop!!!! 
Thank you @Trevornoah
STOP SHMOOZING WITH THE SAUDIS, BILL
What a S/O man
Sex
@Trevornoah is The Man.
Mr. Gates - would you be willing to partner with Harvard’s implicit bias researchers and a team of virtual reality engineers to produce testing and training for law enforcement officers and cadets to combat implicit racial bias in law enforcement?
I wish your foundation would stop promoting circumcisions in African countries. Genital mutilation is not the answer to combat HIV. Education and condoms are. Cut guys don't like to wear condoms.
Treva!!! CEO
I wanna be part of that movement you guys on .....just one day bro .#makin the world a better place
Thought it’d be called Trevor Noah foundation America looool.
Absolutely ri8
Nice...
There r awesome musicians in South Africa Trevor....Pse help them out. God bless u  MOLLY FROM SOUTH AFRICA
@Trevornoah  inspired.
@Trevornoah well done.
Nice!!!
Congrats too.its not easy but we will accomplish by the grace of God
We too are watching ....If Bill is interested we all are....And we expect a #MakwalaChallenge after accomplishment.!
Congrats Trevor....i hope Mr Gates will support ur foundation
@Trevornoah being watched by @BillGates is a lot o pressure! But this is very inspiring  GOODLUCK
God bless you Mr. Bill Gates.
I wait patiently. Cograts

Bill, what you have achieved in business is amazing but what you have done afterwards is spectacular.  I wish you and your wife the best health and happiness so you can help future generations.  We surely need it.
Waooo
#I like what you stand for and what you do.
Hi Bill Gates I'm Oscar from Kenya
Hi da best rich person
One day bill will reply my tweet
Great endorsement.
Can't wait to buy it?
No pressure Noah
