good article , recommend ya'll to survey 10responses
Hi Bill! Thanks for sharing this terrific, heartbreaking and motivation powerhouse information.
I wish Hans Rosling lived and lectured on #ClimateChange. #klimat
Why? He didn't do research in environmental science.
He was intelligent and able to explain facts in a way that people listened. I said "I wish".
While I agree with your sentiment, I wouldn't want him to have talked about environmental science without any expertise in it. People listen to others in topics they don't have any expertise in *way* too often.
Like, for instance, how people listen to Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking in regards to AI. Neither of them are AI researchers! None of them have real expertise in the matter, yet they are heralded by media as such. It is infuriating.
Do you know how much hawking or Elon think about AI? Imagine if we had same attitude towards Albert who worked at the patent office and submitted his postulate. Let's ignore that him cuss he wasn't hired as a theoretical physics researcher.
You obviously don't know enough about Einstein. He got a PhD in Theoretical Physics while working at the patent office. So the man was actually doing research at a university at the time. Why shouldn't we listen to someone who is doing research in a subject he is educated in?
Just FYI, no one who flunked high school and had literally no formal education would ever just "figure out" special relativity. It might be a romantic, attractive idea, to you, but that's not how it works at that level.
I remember our lecturer showing this to us during the data science course. The way he animates the data is really engaging and make things clear.
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
مرحبا
Hans Rosling & @OlaRosling continue to educate & inspire through @Gapminder. I agree - we need to be made aware of #SokutionsJournalism by the news to have the #WholeStory. Please spare 3 min to watch my spoken word
He was absolutely brilliant. Some of the best talks. RIP.
Rich Bill Gates I wish I could be like you
Great that you want to pay more taxes/ so do so! Don’t campaign on raising taxes for the rest of us.
Didn’t realise he died! Devastated! I love him! 
First person I google anytime someone tries to say the world is getting shitter!
Reast in peace
Sir I need help of u pleas contact me
I Think your motivation  is 
God thing your gives mankind
A second chans i hope your
Get a God newyear  
 is Notting wrong to helpif
You can.
I Will Convert Psd To Html with Responsive 
Contact Me:
He gay xd
sorry for the loss ... sir can i ask you why you are not interisting in middle east people especially iraqi citizens. and the city of Mosul they really need help !!
#MosulReconstruction 
#IraqReconstruction
Happy to see u sir
Super 
महाशिवरात्रि के पावन पर्व की सभी देशवासियों को ढेरों शुभकामनाएं। 

Greetings on the auspicious occasion of Mahashivratri.
आप को भी
Prostitution
I am Asim from Pakistan. Can tou pls help me financially?
pls do reply at my whatsapp number.

0923212447813
0923212363722
Yh I was really interesting
Hi

Bill gates sir I am poor help me
Sir ji please help me... please sir....9582178728
I have a photo editing  gig please visit there  https://goo.gl/CtHPcH   https://goo.gl/3FNd8L   https://goo.gl/4FSt49 
I have a board, I give it only to Bill Gates please reply

Dieu vous bénisse pour votre générosité
Beside Hans Rosling, you also have friend with name : Steve Jobs (also has passed away). I ever seen movies about your friendship and bussiness relationship with Steve J. What can you share to people about this Steve..? Thanks
Wise mAn
Help me really need money I'm in danger I need $ 1,500 if everyone can throw off at least $ 1 then I will not be killed here I'm a card from Ukraine and email artem.bondar1995@gmail.com PB 4731219106383965
I'm sorry for your dear friend. Hope you remember all the good things you shared. My best wishes to you Bill. Thanks for all that you give us with Microsoft. Our lives are better with Windows and all
HMU with a iPhone X
Hate to see how unscrupulous ppl use your name.  I really want this to be true, but is not. 
@BillGates i got a email that you sent me $5 MILLION dollars to me,because i was one of the 10 lucky individuals of your charity project.But did you REALLY? 

Hello,I have a joke; Bill builts pills! Have a nice day!
She sells sea shells by the sea shore!
Ha ha ha!
Sir please help me please give me some money thru your charity sir please help me
Good morning
I want to ask you a service
looks like
Hello Bill Gates answer me, i have an important idea for the poor peoples in the world.
DEAR BILL GATES,
GOD IS HERE TO REMOVE DARKNESS FROM OUR PLANET.
IF YOU AND YOUR FAMILY CANNOT WORK & LIVE FOR THE LIGHT,  YOU AND FAMILY WILL NOT LONGER BE ALLOWED TO LIVE IN BOTH WORLDS. THE CHOICE OF WORLD IS YOUR. I WISE MAN WILL CHOOSE THE LIGHT. GOD BLESS YOU & YOUR FAMILY
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/962499807876087809?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E3 …
100 Billion Dollars? Your net worth is inching towards 100 Billion Dollars? That’s the “Zeus” zone mane! Advice: Contact us @ B.A.S.E.(Ur Father), “me” will help your poster boy SWAJJ, aite Bill( the Son)?

B.A.S.E.(YE)
Text: (512)508-5700
Hello sir you are the one who is my favourite and sir kindly help me how can I decide for better way to do a brand business
hi sir i am poor family but iam talented my father this world see the dog,no respect , no money but happy,one request sir u bigg milliner's secret ask sir,now money problem coming so my family no happy very sad sir,pls my family happy u ask the that the secret one line,,,,,
Most Viewed Movies This Week
Watch this movie
https://goo.gl/3P1PwD 
Bill very very nice job thanks very much
Good evening sir
Good morning
 I want to ask you a service
God takes care of him .


The UN in Liberia and the govt of Liberia had a privilege to work with Hans Rosling during the EVD crisis in Liberia. He made a lasting mark that helped to end the humanitarian disaster. Hans was the reason why Ebola was stopped in Liberia before the other affected countries.
Give me a job please . The kind of money that doesn't work.
we must remember the good times with our beloved friends and keep them in our mind
Can I have $1M please...???
he is wonderful
TED seems like a name from like Ted Baxter the Mary Tyler Moore show.
May his soul RIP.
the kick me out bil :( greetz a love u
@createregister 
check
Hii sir how are you
Good morning, Gates!
TED
reduce  population  1  billion

@Spotify https://twitter.com/Arshad186/status/961842089079091200 …
Nice sir
Hello Sir In India so many Formers are Dying due to Money broblams  Please do something for Indian Formers
Please help
That's so sad.....did he get a flu shot?
Dear sir Good Morning have A Nice day,
I am Praveen from INDIA I have 100% best Digital Data Security Technology we are created. But my team very small so i need partner and investors & big clients so can u help me please reply ASAP....jolus4@gmail.com
Thanks & RGD
Praveen
Charity is therapeutic be our benefactor by paying fees for 100 very poor Taita kids in our private school.
…https://ajudaeuconstruirminhacasa.blogspot.com.br/ 
I use his talks in quality assurance courses to inspire people to graph results in meaningful ways.  His talks rock!  (miss him)
Are you nervous?
You should be! Truth will be told!
TICK TOCK!
#TheGreatAwakening 
#WeThePeople are AWAKE!
#TheGreatAwakening 
@BillGates is the Cabal
Don't worry his time is running out
Hey dad I need you to ban someone on xbox for me
स्वर्णिम भारत निर्माण के लिए आपसे सहयोग की अपील करता हूं।
मै एक ऐसे भारत का निर्माण करना चाहता हूं जिसमें स्वतंत्रता व समानता पर आधारित एक न्यायपूर्ण कानून का शासन हो।
Nice 
Any indian??

http://DDi.today  will make you $millions anywhere worldwide guaranteed https://youtu.be/_NNIVxOemD0  via @YouTube
Please help me. I have a lot of difficulty in running my education cost. Or give me a job. I will be grateful to you for life. I am the son of the poor. I live in Bangladesh. Please help me, help me to continue my education
He's looking for more bodyguards.  You interested.  You've got to be able to fight off whole countries.
Loved his moving maps!!
Did you have him killed? What did he know? Tainted Vaccines?
sir looking fab i want to create a new os waht to do i need help
Guys just lay off the

27th July 2048.Hans will give his speech in India.Great. From 1858 what a scientific logical analysis. Thank you BillGates.I wish these speeches echo on nook and corner in India.
Hans is no more.His speech reaffirms that India,China and Japan reemerge and Asia will lead the world.
@RajAlexander126
@KremlinRussia_E @RajAlexander126 @raj_ix
His talks were amazing.  Data visualizations are the way to share data and tell the story
Mr. Hans Rosling Was A Huge Loss, He Knew..."People Are Not Stupid, They Are Not Listen To Or Paying Attention To Data"...
Anonymity, is my thing but lately I have been forced out of my shell. Not my comfort zone.
Then I don't have to be in anyone's face, haha theyd be like OMG there goes this one again
I could write with people and no one would no plus the audio function is very useful because I write to tracks that inspire me and then create new rhymes, kind of as if I was on the feature
It would help me greatly
Encryption? I mean heavy encryption and then a dedicated drop to say library of Congress
Say for approvals or revisions by the other user or group of users?
So if I post it to my cloud how do I direct it to other cloud users privately and securely?
One note very cool collaborative writing tool!
some of the best talks on ted,  showing the world how demographic data can tell a story
@BillGates I need you to please reserve me a hotel room across the street  for a week I need to go to sleep please
Hii sir
The best of men!
Lovely
Bill, put that brain of yours to work saving your race. Or are you too politically correct to notice that it's dying? And don't give us that 'Human Race' bullshit either.
Health practitioner, teacher and statistician, he challenged millions of peoples' preconceptions about basic issues like poverty and population growth.
If you #Need #Graphic #Designer @BillGates
당신이 참..부럽습니다.
