The Malaria vaccine by @ManuelElkinPa Patarroyo is the 1st vaccine accepted by World Health Organization 4 prevention of malaria.
Key International University:
Jakaàsßssss
You are great for your services sir @
Do you need volunteers. Did you get the email about solar powered keyrings who detect and detract muzzles, about a dollar each. Might spark an idea. Can I come to summit in London
It's not just malaria Mr Gates, think dengue.
Please read this Info about the Malaria vaccine.

Let me know if I can help, or you need to borrow any money for this project.
Do you need volunteers. Did you get the email about solar powered keyrings who detect and detract mozzies, about a dollar each. Might spark an idea. Can I come to summit in London
Hello sir
https://partneruniversity.microsoft.com/?whr=uri:MicrosoftAccount …
I am with you and present my self as a volunteer.
I luv u for what u contribute to the less fortunate
Hi Bill, I have mentioned your incredible Malaria foundation work in my latest blog. Please read..
Hi Mr Bill Gates am Rama in Uganda am a student but I have a problem with my tuition fees and am seeking for support # +256700854487
OK. Thank you so much!!!!!!
May god bless your life sir
I am a human Khadem  service provider
This was pretty refreshing to see during the recent Tweet storm...
Ending Malaria will take a lot of government commitment. The need for good funding to health sector will go along way to ending Malaria especially in Sub Saharan Africa.
VR Video
A warmer world. More mosquitoes. Stop global warming and you will curb your problem.
Thanks for your good work in Africa. God bless you and your family.

We will have no regrets if we always consult our inherent nature and true self before acting, uttering a word or conceiving a thought.
I don't know that virus was so deadly, thanks Mr. Gates for your effort to find a cure.
The world hates your purple
Sore PesbukersLovers, Saatnya Menyaksikan #PESBUKERSRAFFIGALAU
Yuk Jangan Lewatkan Keseruan Bareng Pesbukers Sore Ini ;)
Happy as day
You have our full support...
I am always with you and attached with you for mankind work. I am happy to see that at this stage you are worried about people health. Very few people think about whole world.Heads off you.
Love you man keep it up
One Vision One Identity
Jangan lupa ya Tweeps! yuk nonton program KARMA THE SERIES dan Dapatkan Hadiah 2 JUTA RUPIAH Dengan Cara Kirim Komentar Terbaik Kamu Tentang Sarung WADIMOR Dengan Format: SUARA (spasi)…
Thank you Mr Gates for fighting malaria through the world $
I was moved by the lack of measures on the part of the government and the local communities in tackling this killer disease in my country, Cameroon. This is one of the reasons why I joined the fight via University and work. I will champion the fight under any circumstance.
...#WorldMalariaDay
...#endmalaria  
...Mosquito the weakest creature,the killer if neglected!
...middle-range eradication plan a must nations and partners effort! "small-pox"1967 -1977!
osm
Mr Bill your efforts are always life changing one's.God bless you generously for that.
hi sir, you are really a great person ...
Sir
Well done Mr Bill  Gate
"Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile." -  Albert Einstein
Source: http://quotedark.com 
you are great sir .... thanks for your efforts
We have to develop a small smart drone to detect and kill the Malaria parasites, with smart self chargeable solar bases in the most infected regions! We just need a small chip to operate the drone.
Great Attempt
You and the other techies are severely disturbed control freak psychopaths. Instead of trying to control the whole world, practice self-control, or maybe buy an ant-farm or bee-hive. All of you have God complexes.

Thanks
Ready to beat malaria
hw ar u
Uncle Gates I want to work with you voluntarily
Uncle Gates I want to join hands with you in this nobel cause
And Sir is not necessarily how to help every poor. +919756518981 call me
Sir, I should have your permission and blessing.+919756518981 satveersingh
Sir, I do not want money with help. Sir, I want your name. +919756518981satveer singh
Sir, I want to adopt poor children and want to take care of them, I want to open an institution.+919756518981 satveer singh
When my funds are transfered?  Please transfer today or now to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, my phone : +6287727310455, urgent,please no delay, thanks
Sir contact  plz I am big fan+0919756518981
#Malaria #Mosquito #Environment Over-Population  of one species is due to ecological imbalance. Make correction at grass root level. Control vectors to control epidemics.
21 century  always remembers you ..krishna 's blessing will always with you jai sri krishna sir
Are you going to meet with Kanye?
Mr. My name is Muhammad Majid Ashraf, I am living in Multan, Pakistan and I belong to a poor family, I request you to help me because I don't have money for education. Have heard from what you help the poor. We had one meal and there was no other time to eat.
UNEED NOT HELP ME
U r great sir
Population control isn't needed.
Nice initiative Gate The world is at your back.
Great!
Sir, too much can be contributed..need your hand..
Give me a little bit of time Bill and I will help with this. I have lost friends and work mates to this.
Interesting
Very inspirational bill thanks for all you do
The quntatity of malaria in mosquito very less because the malaria parasite found only in some mosquitos
Only believe on one true god Allah and the Prophet Muhammad S.A.W then all the disease are no thing


Nicely
Supporting #WorldMalariaDay2018 with #medicaleducation on @medshronline with @malarianomoreuk
I honestly didn't know that malaria had a cure,  happy to assist in any way I can
Thanks for your humanitarian relief.
sure
I would love to help!  Warren Lynn
God will continue to bless you, for loving and caring for your http://neighbors.You  are a great example of a humanitarian.
Sir where from you buy the time for do all this I also want please tell me
Sir how to you buy a time and doall this please tell me I also want to buy time for do allthis
thanks
Odd how AIDS epidemic bloomed right after Bill Gate's beloved #polio vaccine efforts... #nwo #populationcontrol #epicyte #vaccines #dupont
Good
I support B-Gate
Im support u
Help US DRC
Bill Gates supported DNA based research leading to Epicyte being put in monsanto Corn to be consumed to cause sterility in Humans! Go0gle it! FACTS! #nwo #monsanto #epicyte #dupont #evil #boycottbillgates
it may take time but we will get #there
you are spending a lot of money and time ,i think you can buy CVS and run it ..it will be better
-in the man vs mosquito war it's now about survival of the fittest! you can only thrive and live only when you survive!

-humanity -citizens, org. and nations- must wake up to the hidden  destructive potential of an open enemy.

-more investments, more R&D, more actions needed
Thanks for supporting NGOS, but you should research on funding individuals and not channeling funds thru illegitimate Governments.

i nothing but nets, bill!
Coming from Gokwe, Zimbabwe, a malaria prone area, any efforts to manage the disease are well appreciated!
Aren’t you sweet


your's contribution is great, hats off Sir,,,,
Nice
Dear Mr. Bill Gates,  thank you very much for your leadership to end Malaria around the world, Sir.
On this Special Day, we must approach Eradication thru Prevention Programs and mandate Malaria Aware Courses in High Risk Areas. "Operation Educating before Medicating."    @PAPAWELLNESS1
God bless u for all u do for the people
Sure, it's great Bill !
Very Good attempt ...we are with you . Please let us know how can we contribute here...
Mr. Gates, thank you and Melinda for all you are doing. I just have to say that you make a good actor also. When are you going to get your own TV show?
The world is very thankful and a much better place due to bill gates and his efforts
Go away and good look
Hello Christians. Am Daniel from Kenya seeking donations from well-wishers and good Samaritans to help me feed and clothe my brother's orphans after their parents died of AIDS. Any friend willing to assist these young starving orphans to call me on ( +254712467982 ). Share widely
Stand with Gates.  ..
What happened to your nets?!?! 
@BillGates
Hi. I want to get copyright from Microsoft.
We don't have VR
অভিনন্দন
The detection of malaria in blood is very difficult because the parasite Plasmodium spp. is inside the red blood cell and you have various kinds of malaria. The amount of malaria is now also discovered in donor blood. And testing donor blood on malaria is not a standard procedure
Hello
Progress against malaria is impressive.The kind of awareness your foundation has spread is truly sensational.
Hey legend
thank you for info , Carole Levrat
Your people @microsoft has rejected my son's school home work .I cant print on my printer or another printers.
I want to see you in Vietnam !
awsome man
haha,I like you! I may have seen you somewhere before,oh it is in my dream. it's true!
Drainage system and refuse is a timing bomb in Lagos .ground for breeding of mosquitoes and these things are becoming resistant to drugs day by day.last malaria I had thought death had come.such shame
Our country is at high risk of malaria ....
Why not sir
Thanks for your efforts so far. World will remember you for years and years..
Such great man working for humanity ,at the same time of the most leaders working against .
(Pbuy) The one who funded it, is also the one who spread it. Deceiving Bill Gates, has blinded many!
Good morning..Mr.Bill ,good luck and GOD BLESS YOU....
Such a noble cause
I have one idea for your company
I suspect that many species of animals in the region may be carriers of Malaria. Ridding people of the disease will amount to very little if animals are reintroducing the disease with mutations. It may be helpful to look for animals that are immune to find out why they are clean
Drones can have little wind tunnels that have within them, small razor blades the spin opposite to one another like scissors.  They could mince up mosquitoes that get sucked into the wind tunnel.  Find an LED or laser that causes mosquitoes to fluoresce and guide the drone.
Build artificial bat caves and make sure that people don't eat or kill the bats as if they are pests. The bats will eat the mosquitoes. So will swarms of Lady Bugs.  Build LadyBug breeding facilities.  Make sure the bats aren't dying of Malaria, they may need drugs in their water
Better yet, breed Malaria resistant bats and then set them loose.  Keep 'em coming.  If one species fails then introduce a different breed.  Build more and more bat caves as the funding comes in.  Always make sure people don't harm them.  Superstition has devastated bats.
You and aunt Melinda have done great things
Sir
You are a path finder
Bill Gates.. I wish you could put your energy into educating Africans that giving birth to kids they aren't financially capable of taking care of is a bad idea.. we can have 2 billion Africans in the worlds.. we just can't
Together @BillGates
Cc @UgandaMediaCent
thanks 4 a good job done so far, God bless

Please I need serious help from you all, suffering from malaria and also need financial help , please bill gate help, am from Nigeria, Iroh Emeka John is my name, that's my picture on my profile, +2347060689136 is my number or +2348163316493, please save my soul from poverty
Today is also #anzacday, when we commemorate those lost in the service of their country, including those subjected to the @AustralianArmy @wrair @GSK tafenoquine drug trials in East Timor and Papua New Guinea 1999-2001. #lestweforget
Because you are working for philanthropic causes.....you would be suitable Producer for such Movie.

I will wait for you......... months/Years.

I would be grateful to you for Life-long.
....whenever KIDs suffer after divorce.....Misbehaving with girl & Murder due to Alcohol & Porn.

I have guilty conscience.....I feel guilty for not motivating our Youth to lead on right direction.
how far
Nice sir
