@BillGates
Umm.... We already know how we are going to harness the sun's energy.  It's called a Dyson Swarm.  We have the tech to do it now.  It's simply not really cost effective as we don't think of things in long enough time spans atm.

To understand the future of tech and society, you must understand the past. #History - #publicrelations, #massmedia, #psychoanalysis, and #propaganda in the 20th century:  #freud https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJ3RzGoQC4s&feature=youtu.be …
Thanks Bill for your interest in the sun as source of renewable energy. I wish and pray that very soon, your vision for this project will be reality.
Why is it taking you so long to mainstream it?
The oil empire purposely limits our growth and #evolution as a species to keep us desparately reliant on #oil. That is the ugly #truth.
Please run for president!

Well as Locke said, Where there is no Law, there is no Freedom. If there's no Power denying Rule of Law, then you have the tyranny of the lawless State, so he isn't wrong. If you say discipline means Law enforcement, then you're right.

that's why in this business, you need to #read history books..
so you know not to break laws while you are ahead of the curve, because they always catch up.…

'They, their gonna see us from outer space ..'cos we got the #Fire..' ♫ Burn – Ellie Goulding http://spoti.fi/12IbVEV  #NowPlaying
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728

Doc: I beg to differ sir, you started a game we never got to finish
Villain: I was just foolin around
Doc: I wasnt, & this time it's legal

Doc Holliday: What do you wanna do?
Wyatt Earp: Kill them all.
What about gravity. It causes heat on mass.
Hopefully it's not too late for our planet.. we need people like you in power too save us!
Race? The race is on? Aren't you supposed to be intelligent? We've had the #technology for decades and it's being hindered by #oil giants.

Get y'all black tee's on
I'm your huckleberry
#Slang: expressing one's #commitment to lend a hand.
#DocHolliday https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8OWNspU_yE&app=desktop …
Any suggestions for somebody living in Phoenix and purchasing solar panels?
Yes! My neighborhood got them installed the beginning of last year and I’m getting some installed by a local company in Mesa. They work all over Arizona! I can send you a picture of the card they gave me. They offer a free assement to go over numbers! Super nice people as well!

@business

'In this business,by the time you realize you're in trouble, it's too late to save yourself.' @BillGates

Some execs @Google are scared because they went and shaded on wyatt earp on search....  painting him out to be an anti-semite......  
They want to distract from the lesson of the story, which is that crime does not pay.... they think we are stupid. #WildWildWest …

Google CEO: AI is a bigger deal than fire or electricity https://buff.ly/2mQQNf1  
We've already discovered a way to harness the suns energy through solar panels... by now, we should have invented a compound that is MORE RESOURCEFUL...
We are needing to tap into creative innovative minds. Many individuals are gifted with talent and creativity, however... one's PURPOSE TO GAIN INCOME DOESN'T MEAN YOU'RE employee individuals who are willing to GIVE 100% of their talent.
If you could some how harvest the energy from the sun, my life would be complete! that's one of the few things that would blow me away!
Oh okay... lets harness the suns power.. did you run out of weaponized vaccines to kill the masses... #BillGatesURNext !!!
You are grate parson 
Sir 
But Amzone?
Ud no me conoce ni lo conozco pero necesito su ayuda
Unfortunately what “race” means in this context is: “race to patent the technology so as to generate massive profit out of it.” And not “Race to try and find an altruistic solution to the damning state of environmental decay.”
Bill Gates loves JP Morgan and cares not for sustainable energy. He only posted this because it is Council on Foreign Relations propaganda.
Ahh now I see why YOU shared it Bill. "In Beverly Hills, the Council on Foreign Relations gathered at the Peninsula Hotel to..." #CFR pundit

The sun is fire. Light.

No, AI will not be bigger or more profound than that.

you wanna know what #transparency is?
It's when we got CEO's saying #AI will be bigger than fire & electricity, and will save the planet, while we start to have serious issues in mother nature with things like water. ..  we see the bullshit a mile away.

…
Bill, I think wev'e done it. I think greed has the power to stop it. We have many free + rnwbl  patented but not in use. We have alliances to use Saudi etc. So until we jump that hurdle, we prolly won't use them. Bill, I really don't understand "war."
Yet my country.... Which so needs help wants to increase import duties on Solar 
...the one way we can get the power they are not about to generate to us
WE NEED HELP!
@tech review  true. How I wish is used in Nigeria for solar power. Pretty expensive. Could be cheap for me to get one
@VenusProjectUK
What a nonsense! When people realise that issue is not in harnessing sun which is by far secondary skill because the real issue is our outdated global transactional principles of economy glorifying quantity instead of quality. Why is it we grew from 3.5 to 7billion since 1966?
This is an awesome concept! I’m wishing you great success!
I like your project! Great project! Good luck!
Very agree
Hm, seems odd to race to harness the energy of a thing that has enough hydrogen to burn for another 5 billion years.
What race. Theres more than enough for everyone ever
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
http://gofundme.com/can-i-just-have-a-dollar …

Your Post was not good
This technology would change our way of life.- eliminating fossil fuels -it would also put at economical risk the oil companies and countries that their economy is based on fossils fuels-thanks  Bill.
Hopefully we have learned the ends do not justify the means. Otherwise our race is doomed.
Appreciate you Mr. Gates, please join Tom Steyer and help us now.  The GOP is destroying our planet for MONEY.  They are ignoring our natl security and their oath for check/balances.  PLEASE SIR- SUPPORT DEM CANDIDATES.  We are up against big money on the side of corruption.
I am performing research into some of Tesla’s oscillator hypothesis..I would like to get some researching done with the University of Alberta. Are these the type of R&D ventures you are funding through the foundation?
Sir ji please help me.... please sir....9582178728
Hi sir
Geothermal energy is quite a bit closer.  In fact it's right under our feet. Instead of burning stuff to create steam, use the earth' s abundant  molten lava.
Power of life...
I HAVE A ALMOST SIMILAR IDEA OF MAKING ELECTRICITY OUT OF VIBRATING PIEZOELECTRIC CRYSTAL EMBEDDED LEAF ON A ARTIFICIAL TREE. MEDIUM AIR AND IN SEA COAST: SEA WATER, AIR FLOW OR SEA WATER FLOW CAN BE CONTROLLED BY DAMPER AHEAD OF THESE TREE.
God bless you Mr. Gates for using your resources to make the world a better place
Great!
An artificial leaf sounds interresting
Good working men are not dead. Even if you fall down a thousand times, your work will get back to the top. you are a Great man in the world.
You are artificial and a very cold man

Mr Gates, always your innovations are impressive,! Share with us your discoveries on the sun,am watching!
That's how Bill Gates energy.
Oh now  new phone pencil 
Bill there is a chain reaction between the Two most abundant natural resources Air and Water that creates a fountain of life since water and air cannot occupy the same space. It always works even when it's nighttime or raining and it insures our most  life sustaining needs!
While combating climate change with a Root and Branch infrastructure capable of sucking up floods and removing them to drought area while supplying power and cleaning air and water from this new chain reaction pump.
Belly u ar so telented
Correct 1
Good!
Sun is not renewable I think. But it decays very slowly. Eventually it will die or explode.
Oh No !!! that is really depressing . I should stay off twitter ... what a horrible thought. Life on earth would not exist as we know it today.
ATACAMA, CHILE
Oh
What is the purpose of that artificial leaf? To produce electricity or to grow synthetic food? If it is for power generation, trust me i have the concept &design.!!!
Hey billey instead of harnessing solar power one scientist should focus on geothermal and tidal energy it is more reliable
I've already developed a system that has the potential to extract solar energy 24/7.

Super Long Range Wireless Power System, with the ability to broadcast both data and power simultaneously.

Here's another Demo for you to ignore.

http://www.teslapower.com/TeslaVideos/teslapowerok2hd.mp4 …
Cool!
As we keep on studying its vital uses, more we upgrade and improving on how to utlise more especially on our #electronics.
good man,,,,great,,,,
Do you have any comments on Windows 10, which crossed all the limits of Virus and Hacking...Even Anti virus not detecting it as virus. Social service could have been done by providing social justice in your own product.
At the individual level we already have hot water and power backup thanks to the sun that shine on most days. How do we go to scale to affect large populations?
The sun is disposable. As is planet earth. When the Lord Jesus Christ  returns to Judge the world and establish His reign, there will be a New Heaven and New Earth. And there will be no need for the sun. Read Revelation. (Esp. Rev. 22:5)
Truthfully the World would be better  if we had never heard your name.
I don't want artificial anything.
So why are you involved with spraying   poisonous  toxic #GeoEngineering  #SolarModification that is blocking the Sun from reaching our planet?
DEAR  SIR  GOOD  MORNING  HAVE  A  BLESSING  DAY PLEASE  PRAY  FOR  SYRIA
And you are blocking the sun you criminal!!! How are the solar panels going to uptake the sun energy????
Our Lord saves your children. Help me in order to live with me and my children please Bill
Anyone hasn't reached my mind level and nor anyone here is better than me in any way and I knocked off your pedestral too.
Wow that's great
AND don't forget... to bock it all out with "GeoEngineering, chemtrailing," right?  :-(    Nobody gets sunshine...until WE say so!
True word I believe it
It’s the source of everything living as well as fossil fuels.  Makes sense to invest technology  to  grab clean energy from the source. Probably solves most of our problems. With the right focus, eventually we will get it right.
we can already harness it's power..
Great idea.  Africa needs it most
Thats realy
Technologies that have been hidden away in Secret Space Programs should have huge implications on learning from our past, present, and future mistakes. Awareness of universal law warrents more responsibility for ourselves and future generations. 
Thanks for sharing this excerpt from @vsiv's new book, Taming the Sun!  In it, CFR's Varun Sivaram warns that solar’s current surge is on track to stall. Learn more:
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
¿debe ser tan caro para los pobres?
Yes and once it burns out we will not have to worry any more
https://www.fiverr.com/creative_jamal/design-stunning-real-estate-property-logo …
Meglio che lei ne stia fuori...o vuole privatizzare pure il Sole?
Don’t let yourself get hopeful @BillGates.... the @GOP will kill it right along with the Planet they have no concerns with savings
And to make Internet Explorer little better. .....
Please reply .....  follow me ....

Good
I don’t really understand what @BillGates has written but I know it really means something
About time we have created tiny black holes in our super colliders , why not.
Follow me and see my pic of my solar energy idea I am using at home..
Please. A damn wicked robot leaf as tech. Damn man. The yoon don’t need. I’m so against this. We’s voting.
Your vision is good , but it can eradicate lots of jobs sir.
Why is everyone so narrow minded about solar energy?  it is not all about photosyntheis ..  We can use sunlight to heat indoors directly without any need to convert to watts and collect tax credits from broken governments..    I use mirrors to reflect sunlight through large windw
Solar for desalination. Imaging salt water from the seas being pumped to distillation vessels  inland. Solar mirror arrays focus on the vessels.  maybe old converted barges. the output steam from the tank hatches is piped to generators and freshwater distillation towers.
or old railcars that transported LPG could be used as the focus of solar mirror arrays to initiate water to steam desalinizatiin
Why is everyone so narrow minded about solar energy?  Photovoltaics is no the only means of technology ... I use mirrors to reflect sunlight back against the shaded sides of my house to heat through large windows.. It works.. It is not all about watts.. it is also about BTUs..
Absolutely true and I wish our government could appreciate that fact and not double down on fossil fuels instead
As I'm sure you know, the problem will not be in the collection of that energy, but the storage and distribution.
I think the real struggle with this will not rear it's head until they are successful. How to deal with phages? We have a hard enough time killing bacteria, killing phages may prove impossible. Also, if this works, could this lead to the end of green spaces.
I want to save the world with the energy revolution just like you did with computer technology. Can you help me?
Thank you for posting this article ... it made me more confident in my direction!
Driving daytime elecrticity prices to zero and negative, as in Cali, Germany, elsewhere, is good enough for solar pv, there is wind, biomethane, hydro, and some tactical energy storage from batteries to compressed air for the rest of the day.
Can you fund an initiative which can develop low cost commercially viable  power generation via solar panels, so that individuals can use the same to create power for their homes? You can write at Reetesh@Storydesign.in
You can visit us at http://www.storydesign.in 
That would change everything giving deeper meaning to Life with an abundance of time for its contemplation
I am loving my family's life and friends Amen MSN worlds 10.
Thank you for this interesting article. I think THIS (the artificial leaf) is the crucial point. And the artificial chlorophyll.
..or, in other words: plants have a lot to teach us!
Yes...it's energy could harnessed and utilised in agricultural sector esp in areas threatened by famine ....
We hope this RACE sails through, if only the GIANTS do not smash this into oblivion..
I am a huge fan of you sir
There can be no race! The sun is there! For everyone to benefit from.
Indeed
The true race is for working fusion reactor. The first who will build one will become a global super power.
So glad you’re on board with harnessing the power of the sun @BillGates - please let us know if we can leverage your Star Power and muscle to expand solar in schools around the world! http://impact4all.org/this-grassroots-start-up-wants-to-give-solar-education-to-1-million-kids/ … @JaneGoodallInst
That is my passion and my life. I give up all the pursuit it has been 8 years
江苏南京公安暴力关停钱旺集团旗下钱宝网平台，致使百万投资人血本无归，微商更是损失惨重。几百万家庭一夜之间陷入困境，谁来救救处在水深火热之中的百姓？
Agreed... allow our best and brightest to push towards solutions. Equally important is to allow the design and manufacture ,plus the protection of IP, to benefit the domestic work force.
Solution for water,energy,job almost limitless I’m seeking your support to develop check video:
in future every thing is going to be artifical.... not only leaf
Keep in history is important Mr. Gates. Hopefull rebuilding my neighborhood over time brick and wood..glass will http://happen.ee 
Does Bill Gates ever show any loyalty to actual American citizens?

-

#Science #Scientists #MAGA #physics #Space #FoxNews #tcot #NRA #p2 #ccot #PJNET #Hannity #Tucker #tuckercarlson #TuckerCarlsonTonight #AcademyAwards2018 #DonaldTrump #TrumpTrain #Trump #FoxAndFriends #UFC222
Sun..wind..air..h20...hovercraft...lightweight recyclable plastic parts...zeus and hera...mangy mutts name..I .
Very good idea mr. Bill
Bill Gates is really great

Natural gift
