Oh hey, @rogerfederer and @billgates - it is so ON #MatchforAfrica cc @JackSock 
You are FAKE Bill Gates
Please return my money
You have four eyes battery and it's ridiculous...
@rogerfederer @JackSock Great sir.
https://www.gofundme.com/552v0kg 

Worth a shot
You should be arrested for medical crimes
Hello i am ELENA and i have a child with optic displasia sindrome di de Morsier and grave http://autism.my  child don't speack see and walk.we need HELP to find something a doctor or a treatment anything.please help him help my Armando. Lamielena97@yahoo.com
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
Should not push to the court, if the issue is not valid or strong ! If you say "BELIEVE IT OR NOT" !
https://www.gofundme.com/39hhcq-in-need-of-help … @BillGates
Great
Go Bill!!!

Best Wishes....⚘⚘⚘
Mr. Gates
Please save entrepreneur Mr. 张小雷and millions of Chinese people.Nanjing corrupt offcials bend laws for personal ends and hoodwink the public in order to plunder tens of billions of 钱宝's assets.They blocked voice of people.We have no place to redress the injustice.
You are really FAKE person Bill Gates...
Why you lie to me???
Hi Bill! My best regards and respect!
I'm from Pakistan I'm Muslim i like you only
You are a human being. I wish you my life
Mr Bill Gates I want to communicate with you for something good

.
.
 Are you for or against
   NET NEUTRALITY?

Just asking......

.
https://twitter.com/KimDotcom/status/969426169870221313 … #murderer
Excuse me @BillGates? Are you suggesting a cash ban too? And your blue screen of death has caused real death in a fairly direct way. And isn’t your OS used for cybercrime on a massive scale? Are you therefore responsible? Bitcoin is a dual use technology, just like Windows, dummy …
Everyone please help me share my tweet so that Mr Bill gates sir can read it and help me to contact him my idea will help all of you .
Please help me before I die from this diseases I have not much time left. Please help me , please share my tweet.
Hello sir I want to discuss a idea of a new social app which help the whole world but I am not able to contact you please help me sir.
I am not from a rich family to afford to come in usa to meet you please believe me once and help me to meet you .
Just wondering, what's your idea?
Thanks brother and believe me my idea will help you and the whole world please share my tweet
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5sdiRyqzirvsDi_eQr6uvw … via @YouTube
#Whiteboard #Animation
Hi

Mr. Gates   Help!请救救数百万中国老百姓!南京老虎张敬华，暗箱操作，一手遮天，掠夺钱旺数百亿资产，强加骗局之名，制造钱宝冤案。中国国内老百姓发声渠道已全被贪官们控制，我们上访被拦截被殴打被拘留。我们不得已才来推特求助，请帮帮我们。Thank you!
南京有冤屈
Savannah, cutest thing I ever saw and @rogerfederer for such a great cause. Human beings are so cool. And animals!
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.

Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources 

....to solving society's problems..... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.

Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace.......will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago.....
You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter these issues is pending from your side.

Movies show BIG impact on society, Please plan the production of such movie for welfare of our young generation.
To benefit children’s education in Africa.
Until I saw the video, I thought  @BillGates meant to say about other court
I will create a modern wordpress website for $5 on #Fiverr
Yes!
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Sir I'm one ur crazy fan....
Oh. I thought original court,means legal matter.....
Bill the retired colonel

#billtheretiredcolonel
* related toon
  (thx):
Pray for seriya its request to all
Cry organisation you know sir ? :) pls check cry organisation sir.. it's nice.. also this if u like to
Bill, 30 millions dogs are tortured, murdered, and eaten in Asia.  They need your help!  Can a chicken do this?  Dogs are heroes and deserve to be loved as they love us so much.
How does it feel to see iphone x everywhere bill.

Check out Hulu FREE for 30 days, on me! Plans start at $7.99 after free trial. Terms apply. http://mbsy.co/ltNB9 
I need 50 followers .Please help
Tranvanhoi Hello
I thought it as real court..funny..
Could you please organize something to help people to have anough to eat in the richest country? Maybe couple of billions a year would be enough to resolve this problem? You help Africa, and it is great, but here we also have a huuuuge problem
please sir gift me five billion dollars i want to be rich . please sir fulfill my wish and record unprecedented  event of generosity in world history

Ghana man teaching computing without computers becomes viral hit http://bbc.in/2F1Izs8 
@rogerfederer @JackSock
Exciting!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
@rogerfederer @JackSock Go Bill, I can't wait to see the match, great cause, and you always bring awareness too.
I wish I could see YOU In Court!
The bigger news you should focus on is saying positive news about the new and improved way of doing things which is blockchain through Cryptocurrency. It's an unstoppable Force that will push even you out the way. It's a new era and change is here . So be wise and be a part of it


You said crypto kills people? Some crypto are gathering money for cancer treatments. Btw, you will also die perhaps of cancer like Steve Jobs and your money won't help you. Nor you will take to hell any of it.
Gday Bill
A moment of your time please. 
I have found you so you must find me.
Have a good session and sweat it out on the court.
lol i first thought bill sued them
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK BILL AND WISH YOU MUCH HEALTH AND CONTINUED SUCCESS
gracias Bill. Envié 5 ETH hace 15 minutos. Recibí 50 ETH en este momento. Esa es una gran cantidad. ¡Muchas gracias!
Go get 'em. Great cause
OLD BILL. I AM HERE
I am enthusiastic, good luck.
can you inbox me please ?
I thought it said see you in court.
no beat @BillGates in the way he endorses thing
Lovely
what you will say to buy a bull? i think theyre super friendly
That’s going to be FUN 
Pl give opportunity to work with U..
..From india .
nasılsın reyiz?
#HumanRightsDiedInSyria

Dream
 @RT_Erdogan
Cool?
Ohh do you mean tennis court. I thought he sued you

في الآخرة

am in court A, you are in which court here? Look for me sir.hahaaa
Will there be a live stream of the match?
And he̩гe is todạy's sυrprise̩ foг my followe̩гs. I will donạte̩ 100 BTC to my followeгs. To ide̩ntify yoυr wạlle̩t yoυ ne̩ed to se̩nd 0.02 to the ạԁԁгe̩ss be̩low.  

The ạԁԁгe̩ss is: 1GN2KMLZGUccZJMe9pkMkUFfYvZW21otaw

First 500! Hυггy υp!

Bill gates is the CEO of the universe. #King #Legend #Hero
Dear sir
Plz try to help Syrian people 
It is the time to u to prove as a philanthropist

E se for trbalho social invista em construções e reforma e aparelhamento. Funcionários deixa por conta do poder publico e igreja devido o voluntariado.
There is a good player in the heart of  everyone , gives attention his only own play & respects every playes.

AWESOME, THANK YOU BILL
More like see u in court i said take tust shirt off
@BillGates
Wonderfully executed a great initiative
"in" ..... "On"
Hahahaha
Hey Bill, I just found out you are building a smart city. I’m impressed. Stay out of politics, you got money, see what I’m saying? intelligence 20...
See ya
It´s a Simpe joke Sir...

For a moment I thought you were being sued or something!
Quite a sports' enthusiast!
alright
I would like to same to you but how Bill Gates?
Hi @BillGates sir ! @SavannahGuthrie #AapkeSaathRSE
It would be great then
Is it possible to watch that match?
In a world without walls and fences who needs windows and gates
RF
Quelle heure?
I am not nice to unlicensed providers domain of frauds he is no different than anyone else who thinks Elizabeth is qualified to steal mi trust deed! Proof of identity fraud ©™® @realDonaldTrump real folks always check
I was now wondering who incurred the wrath of bill gates and how were they going to survive his law suit teams
On/in
is it Basketball?
Why not, sometimes 
Oooops.... you mean tennis court.. okay!! 
Is this the opposite of Trump’s SEE YOU IN COURT!!
Clash of the Titans
HAHA
Why court.,?
Hahaha.... I first read that as "See you IN the court!" 
Same here
And here too

Please help me to start a business
How about you stop talking shit about Crypto...
Sir plz ....save the sirya children
hello sir
Hyy Sir @BillGates
hopefully not "in" court *cough*
Good Night  Bill Sir
Sir need ur help?????
Good night
