Bill may u live long and improve http://technology.in  fact am one of your biggest fan
#reggierex5
Excellent reasearch. If the antibiotics are penicillin based rather than meds that create resistance, we need to do everything in our power to create equality of health and life expectancy. We are all unique but all have equal needs.
Happy, Happy.!!(smile) Sincerely, Shellie Gary
Cool!!
You are a nice man
Yes Sir
Ofcourse
Sir super
Good, but to invest in education to teach how to avoid its more importan
Surprisingly I feel that I am also going to die for unknown cause.Should I be with them to save my life?
Mr. Gates. Thank you, thank you and team for taking excellent care of our children, our http://Future.You  and yours will be Blessed forever! Sincerely Shellie Gary. How may I be of assistance??

Absolutely!!
Vengeance is sweet when one undermines the character of others, but it will quickly backfire and harm your whole life instead.
Africa is always has part of my heart
Love you taking care of india also go thete often
You would be surprised at what a Chili pepper would do..
Thank Bill. This is the effective approach and a fast one. We are grateful.
주빵 맞아보자~ 기본이 안됬네ㅡㅡ
욕해도 되나ㅡㅡ
이게?
The world knew this would help. @BillGates no one would take the initiative to pay for it. If you did start this program distribution of antibiotics. Thanks. We here is U.S are so blessed and we don’t even know it!
Chat me pls.
kjoker24@yahoo com
uhaalag.zaluu777@gmail.com
Wow bill gates please give me billions of billions
Routine antibiotics when the need arises? Maybe considering there are no ways to start vaccinations routinely. Maybe a laboratory in a rural African village is possibly difficult? I’m not sure if the existing political landscape, but I hope that such a facility will materialize.
Wonderful
Merci
Hi Mr bill gate .I want to be a millionaire one day can you tell me one thing what is money and who to make it to stay .
I pray many emulate your gesture to save the world
I totally I agreed with you sir n I wish to encourage you to continue with that efforts
Thank you. A Danish artist wrote a song called "Wildfire". Good intiatives spread fast. I think that this is what your Foundation creates.
Surviving

Teacher Sir Bill !
Sir Bill Gates I need A Job can you help me its my email. umarsaqi6@gmail.com my contect +971568354147
May be you meant to say routine vaccinations!
good bill !!
@gatesfoundation @melindagates If spreading the word on a Nightmare Bacteria you believe could wipe out the population is so important then http://NightmareBacteria.com   is for sale, $150K USD, ebola domain sold for more I believe. Knowledge is power, spread the word online.
Thanks for your mentality towards mankind.
Neinka yaina dance eil sathu ketuveyala
Great job done

Thanks so much Daddy
Great.
But think about it, if we keep eating animal products, we keep using antibiotics in factory farms and create antibiotic resistant bugs, so that no antibiotic will help anymore.
We will have so many more deaths in children and adults.
As there is a God bless！
This is some one cares Africa under foundation of poor orphans Uganda please do some bro things, are really poor here
When my funds are transfered?, please transfer today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, please no delay, my phone number : +6287727310455, thanks
Great service to the world. God bless you.
My geography teacher would be so proud.
my New York Times quota of 10 articles each month has been used entirely for this month ....... need to wait until next month to read this .......
Sir please,please sir your son needs money to get some speakers for my dj work
esa preocupación señor bill habla muy bien de usted , es una persona buena,viejo querido bill
You could end world poverty anytime stop trying to fool the masses.
you are a kind of good people. congratulation
You should be  nominated for  2019 Nobel Peace Prize

That is very selfish to mention or request something so frivolous as a romantic partner’s immigration request in this thread? So selfish well I hope they are separated instead for good . Look at these children all you can think of posting is a love interest ? Arrogance!!
I hope God forgives you for your hatred.
He left a 38 in the drawer. Please help
Good nutrition and pre and post natal care are what lower infant mortality

Depending on broad use of antibiotics will only create immune diseases

Stupid policy

Oh and while I'm at it
Great article link out, it’s so shocking to absorb. The author is simply wonderful. Most of your points are right, however we are well aware of numerous pictures depicting a dry arid landscape with no propensity for farming. It is awful that all we can do is wonder only:(
Sir, Admire your great work. This is a good example to next generation
To understand why person don't communication with each other suggest look at Genesis 11:1-9
You say it's simple but it's not because of the difference in those people have cultural, religious, tribal, language& even racial division a simple solution becomes complex
X Dr 241l
Well,they cannot give it to you cause you really don't want it!!!What the meow! :-)
when you join and work together
Thank you for helping all the people of our world.
So beautiful. We are excited about it.
Until you get immune to it then what back to the start
Thank you
You and alot of people talk about it but can't get you to respond to get involved.

I m not sure  you are helping them.
I’ve noticed a trend here on twitter: some of the most intelligent, successful people, on a routine basis, tweet positive, optimistic, life affirming messages that are almost never solely about themselves. We can all learn from their great example!
Goog
Sir
Humanity will remember you for ever.
OPEN HEART, OPEN HAND. GOOD LUCK.
Are you going to do anything about Eric Lundgren
En babatjies is te oulik
I agree with you Bill. Do you  know anyone who could help us?
happy with the news.
very well
Indeed!Antibiotics are the answers to infants' longer lifespan!Good Morning,Sir!
May the Lord bless you for what you do for the poor.
I all pray to God for kindness
What was d main reason for such incidents????
on the malaria issue the last time and I told that children's still die in malaria cases in northern part of Ghana
It's essential to save lives, thanks for all your help, Bill Gates. 
This could be groundbreaking

If you think the money that people donate to save the children actually goes to the children, you’re just wrong.
More thing to nee saving people  is great thinking. I can't do, I have nothing.  We have to need to determine  to fight  and need to make a world  better  place. We waste  lots of think but don't think  other's  people  have same feelings. Same needs. IF God Chang the position?
Thank You BMGF 
I heard that the water pods are going to be discontinued in flint per the governor. The residents say it’s too soon.  The pipes are being replaced, but the work is not done yet. I called my city to see if there is anything they could do, but they said they can’t help.
We’re trialling a dose of azithromycin in labour to prevent maternal and young infant infections in Fiji. We’re checking AMR & microbiome
@DrChutkan Would love to read your thoughts on this.
Wonderful! To further reduce the risk of resistance development, combination therapy could be considered. Concern by the panel is warranted. Research in my lab shows combination therapies have promise. Similar to battle, if you fight on multiple fronts, better chance of winning.
Thank you Carter
They want for a nutrition and we can help them
Great job sir
Thank you for all you are doing to save lives.
Surely mester great rescue the situation
You have to understand, Sickness is put in vaccines. It even has rotten eggs and mercury in vaccines and we all know that it's poison to the body. You worked for Monsanto,you learned this and much more stupid when you were part of the company.
http://simsodepthanhtan.com 
Bless you Bill Gates
todays best news forever

and of course bill gates has no clue at all what to do and is soooo rich that in just 1 single year withy his money i can do more than he did in all his life... so much wasted time and effort doing the wrong things and NOT doing the right one..I  would cure permanently! he play
@BillGates
Hi. I want to get copyright from Microsoft.
sir I also help Rohingya people
Mr. Gate if you want to do anything for them what you are going to do
What is going to happen when the population explodes in a country with people already struggling to meet basic needs? Im all for saving childrens lives, but what will those lives look like in 10-20 years?
So...
Seriously, it looks like you're in favour of allowing kids to die instead of saving them with vaccinations...

Birth rates go down in countries where you don't have to have 3 babies so one of them makes it through to adulthood
If you’re bringing 3 children in to the world expecting only one of them to live, that’s pretty fucked up
Yes Daniel, it is
I'm guessing you're new and have little understanding of the world before vaccines
My gran had 13 children, 9 grew to adulthood... That was common all over the world & we're blessed that we don't have to live with those expectations

I'm glad Africa soon won't
(don't mean this in a snarky way... Most young people are fortunate to be a generation or two away from this reality)
This is quite interesting in today's world where people are worried about #Antibiotic resistant bugs.
This just means the people should be better informed about not overuse of antibiotics. Otherwise it is awesome news
I do not appose antibiotics for treatment, but “routine” or unnecessary use of antibiotics can lead to resistance and thus lead to hugely increased deaths & untreatable conditions
the government will borrow money from WorldBank for that.
But wake up! Children's  lives can not be resolved only by that, but by activating new rules for  stability and security in countries with new citizens' exploitation
The issues you raise will benefit from being addressed, but your tweet’s tone does not show appreciation to a vital first step - saving the lives of these children. I applaud the Gates Foundation’s mission. Preventing unnecessary childhood death should be a first priority.
I agree that the  Gates Foundation's mission begins to save lives, but the question is  not to stop only here, because if the country is not changed and  improved the problems will always be there and this is the reason why we  need to have the courage on change of countries.
Support of planned parenthood is pure evil.  Please reconsider.  You are not God. Population size is not your job.  Ramifications of funding pp are beyond description.
Double standards 
Wolf/sheep
@BillGates Respectfully, Monsanto seems at odds with your mission: http://www.dw.com/en/monsanto-and-the-indian-farmer-suicides/av-19285192 …

Consider: http://www.dw.com/en/how-one-startup-is-tackling-indias-farmer-suicides/av-42753177 …
Mr. Bill Gates, I wish I can sell you something. :) Do you mean you need to buy antibiotics for the African?

Because you are working for philanthropic causes.....you would be suitable Producer for such Movie.

I will wait for you......... months/Years.

I would be grateful to you for Life-long.
My Question - WHEN ? ....... Production of MOVIE...... to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits (Smoking,Alcoholism,Drug,Pre marital Sex & Money Unawareness). 
.........to share the ideas for creating a peaceful world.
Please give me your blessing on this new year to get the opportunity to fully change the World.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.

Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources 

....to solving society's problems..... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.

Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
You don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.

Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
why humans still breeding like rabbits
i will never have children and make them suffer in this pathetic corrupted earth
6- I have great respect for all religions

I belong to Software Industry..working in one of the top S/W company for the last 13 yrs...want to contribute in this social Service.
4-Pre marital Sex - I have never gone for this either Pre or Post(extramarital).

5-Absence of money awareness- I don't LIKE to take anyone's favor including my parents.
You might be interested to know about Why I am suitable person to Write, Act & Direct your Movie.

1-Smoking -I have never smoked
2-Alcoholism - I have never drunk
3-Drug -- I have never taken
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
2-Alcoholism & Pornography -- Answer--"For relaxation" & Pleasure
3-Drug -- Answer-- For relaxation, lifing up mood & Pleasure
4-Pre marital Sex- Marriage problems & Divorce
5-Absence of money awareness-Demand their parent..because of bad/rich friends
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Our Movie will handle this "DATING" (a serious disease for our society, mainly for our young generation) in perfect manner.

What about glorifying Courting (Courtship).... with high moral value..in our Movie ? ....Please provide your Input.
Not a small investment in cheap antibiotics.
Women & children normally suffer the most after a divorce, both in terms of quality of life and emotional well-being.

What is the REASON behind this...... "DATING"..... having relationships before marriage...in the name of Freedom......Simple..
The median length for a marriage in the U.S. today is 11 years with 90% of all divorces being settled out of court.

With these DATA.........Please think about KIDS's.
between 40% and 60% of new marriages will eventually end in divorce. 

The probability within... the first five years is 20%, and the probability of its ending within the first 10 years is 33%.
Keep up the great work
Africa
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace.......will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago.....
Now it stands to reason that expanding the routine antibiotic treatment regimen is likely to further accelerate the increase in highly resistant bacterial strains. The appropriate administration of antibiotics is required which means massive investment in training of doctors for
Totally correct from a microbiological standpoint, however the village has no means of getting vaccinations and also some are born with AIDS in utero. The antibiotics are somewhat an intervention, which is showing some results. Oh how awful is this world! This picture says so .
I agree, which is why we should be investing in medical skill to properly care for the people, they deserve to be treated like people and not the same way we tend treat livestock.
Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.

After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
You have 45.9M followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD ... even FILTER can't stop....will try

Please tell me if I am wrong for having a dream of a movie produced by you to show the right direction to our young generation.
