Lab to market to consumers is the way of increase profits from natural resources. Foolish population doesn't know difference between science & business exploitation
It’s amazing to see how far humans have evolved, but yet we still see poverty and wars .
Gn
Psalms72:11-17=May There BeAbundant Of Grain In The Land; On The top Of TheMtn May It Wave=Another Translation Says "On  The TopOfMountain An Overflow Of Grain_May It Fruits Be Like Lebanon; & May PeopleBlossom In TheCities Like The grass Of The Field-Vr17

Super super interesting
It should not be stop..
Interesting!
...wonder is the new normal in the Alpha-Humanity!
...meta-materials may be just the 'first reality' of a big dream unfolding!
@kekia7 nota para joaquin!!!
hi
Adrishya choga  finally
In India work
Wow Bill  @BillGates
Can I meet u in person I'm your biggest fan

Mm nice
Plz reply me
We also make maxima of labor for contribution to the Microsoft Foundation : # Our reason To be #

Interesting
I am a fan of your brilliance, I read all of your articles love the clues and proud to say I found the "hidden in plain sight" 19.9 trillion dollar lets say new future ! I analyze recognize numerical patters and read 5-6 hours daily. Hopefully soon to be a licensed analyst !!!
God bless  you my daddy

ExxonMobil And Me.

Spreadsheets, Ethylene Glycol and Mackerels.
Metamaterials will also have a huge impact on the lenses, holography and AR/VR technology.  @metaplasmonics
#Invisibility is so easy #dlscience #whynot
Good News Sir.. Wow Bill Gates Sir. He is a software Master of the wolds..too good..
You would be a good president above it all and could actually get congress and the world to work together
Would be nice to see an example of any antenna that uses this material at some point.
Very cool! Btw, your buddy did a great job at the Congressional hearing!
Please run for president
Wonderful news! I do hope it will be put to ‘good’ use
Love from Uganda

So much thank you
#Invisibility is exciting and  #Metamaterials are revoluzionizing several field, but they are also significant limited by physics. We are working everyday for designing new MTMs specializes to overcome a specific limit! 
Research
Biasness mater
Hello frend, if you give me $100,000?
Dear Sir my self is BrijBahadurSingh.from India,
Iwants to open a world lable hospital in my village but I'm not able for this,I have land only may you help me.
Sir ji please help me.... please sir...9582178728
Wow Great sir....
Mr. Gates. Drones. Are we this far ahead? Metamaterials. We will be watching! How exciting! Smart people are everywhere? God is so GOOD!(smile) Sincerely Shellie Gary
@BillGates 
@melindagates 
Sir please help me. I am in very trouble please Sir help me. Sir I want to open a HOSPITAL and a SCHOOL for poors,and I need your help
A/c no. 3287603771
+91 7348228292
SIR I want only$ 800,000.it's nothing for you.
Please please
######please help me.........may you help me.please reply me???
Your secret is out you are a scientist.
Time for you to receive the Nobel Peace Prize in 2019.
Invisibility clock..now that's quite interesting.
Do not get angry and contend with others. Whatever is obtained by way of contention is a delusion; only what is gained by way of spiritual cultivation is real.
Nice
But
Sir, I really need your help and support against corrupt tie-up of  administration, judiciary and politics.
And as U can understand this tie-up  is too dangerous for society, specially for backward and middle class.
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
#TimePhoneHack

I just got a 3 day suspension on F.acist B.ook for nudity from this pic. 
When my funds are transfered?, please transfer today or now, to my account : 0585377265, BNI BANK, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, urgent, please support my project

Life is not complete you can success in life by hardwork
Really learner becomes really archiver
You and your wife deserve The Nobel Peace Prize.
Mr. Gates. I don't really understand but I am ALWAYS for progress! I can't wait to see what the next generation is going to do! Thanks GOD! Sincerely Shellie Gary
It may chance every thing, hope I live to see it.
Sir, I am speaking from Bangladesh. Sir, I read politically. My family is worried about the computer department. My father can not spend the cost of reading my writing ..! Please help me if you used to help me a bit while I was learning to read and write. Please help meI need a
Is that  true?
@BillGates Steve Jobs was one of the great visionaries of all time and leaves an unparalleled legacy. May he rest in peace. #SteveJobs
Very good excellent and working very excellent
Very very nice very good excellent
Invisibility cloak was my seminar topic
Microsoft server Not available in iran
Ahmed Adeline is a young lady of 34yrs,very smart,intelligent, good looking, honest,hard working, God fearing, very determined to work.above all a graduate with second class upper.wish to coordinate and assist to empower Africans if given me the opportunity.
Is Bitcon effected by Warfare? A good question is a good question. I support Nikki Haley 100 percent we need a Comet to hit Assad. Can I afford it?
Hy
I'm nobody, who are you? Emily Dickinson
But I saw you ..
Chat me pls
kjoker24@yahoo.com
Chat me pls Mr. Gates
kjoker24@yahoo.com
@BillGates! You are losing fame every moment! The main reason is your @WindowPhone
Oh!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=157249418304775&id=100020591523247 …
Dear Subscriber, 

In connection with the decline of Ripple’s crypto currency value our team decided to hold a giveaway to raise up the price and attract more people to join the project. 

Sincerely,
XRP team
@BillGates Hi. I want to get copyright from Microsoft.
借点儿钱
leader man
yay science
Quite impressive http://news.No  doubt more discoveries will come and advance us to technology.Congratulations to stakeholders for this achievement
1. Meta-material can't exist in free state but it is made in lab but sir when this material was made in lab then surely it will be invisible to scientist who made this then How the scientist  came to know about their own discovery ?
How many people know that the c64 ran Microsoft Basic?  How long did it take you to build it?  Was the work all done by you?
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/985207441813049344?s=20 … (Beer bro?   or )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_ObFKDmU30&sns=tw … via @youtube
It's very exciting~
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Interesting sir
Absolutely awesome news thank #progress
From Aashish kalra's family...
Nice 
Sir you're so rich have you ever gifted me something such as Lamborghini or something I try day by day harder for it but as you're richest I need something gift to lift @BillGates
What is this ?
“Cool baby, strange but not a stranger” 
HAI
Help me help me plz help meeeee
coooll
Your videos all super sir
I am  aswanth
Hai sir
@Billgates are you accept Islam ????
Rat han hanh dc cam nhan
Great

@UIA_ED @FrankTumwebazek @EvelynAnite @JanetMuseveni
great
A thank you from a Danish citizen is appropriate at this time after the ISIL is delt with also.
Holy smokes! One of the last things missing from Startrek!
Nice to meet you. I'm Stephy. I wanna know if you need LED strips. If so, please let me know.


Seems Israel is doing a good job at the cloak.
This subject is very interesting. I would say a WOW factor!
Congratulations.
How can the Nobel Peace Prize
tweet  about the Zika virus 
without mention of  Gates Foundation?
.

I live in Binh Dinh province Vietnam
Hello and looking foward to meet you in this not so distant future.whould like to touch base on some topics i would think you should be interested about .if i am here and you are there. Then we're only about 13 hours apart. By car. Until next passage be safe ..go Windows...
Cool
Can I get 3 please.
There are the components of a thin “camaflouge” cloak already available. I just assumed someone had already invented/produced it.
Good day sir please Sir I need your help. I am poor. This is my account number 0057007662(Diamond bank).Pls send 20 million dolla
Ok
Good arrangement you're putting together.
Mr. @BillGates , I'm a huge admirer of your philanthropic work.  I implore you to use your considerable influence to oppose the weaponization of this technology.
If i have enough conditions, I would do this research.
Find a common denominator.
Calculate using a clock.
Q.1
1／2＋1／3
＝12／2／12＋12／3／12
＝6／12＋4／12
＝10／12 ＝5／6
Q.2
1／2＋1／3＋1／5
＝12／2／12＋12／3／12＋12／5／12
＝6／12＋4／12＋2.4／12
＝12.4／12＝124／120
＝31／30
Sir ji please help me ... please sir...9582178728
Idea- necessity- research - innovation = Billgates. We are thankful to you. All human being is very thankful also. Congratulations.
Hello
My want dream villages build any city. Any state.any country's
سلام از این پولات یکمم بده ما خرج کنیم خخخ
Year 2100 hurricane stopper, still in wrks but maybe with time, it ll help with nature events, And save Puerto Rico and Haiti in future.
Just a thought.
good
