@elonmusk have you read this?
it’s a Young Adults book.
Elon actually spoke about this before
when?
discussing being in simulation... then who are they who simulated us? the turtles all the way down :)
Bill, did you know that if we can reduce Alzheimer's disease from the preclinical phase, the world saves 345 billion $$? You are the one to help investigate!
Maybe look into C60 I hear it is amazing in studies on rats some larger rats are taking it too and it certainly works on their memory ability
there is a lot of information, but there is still a lack of studies in people! The problem is that we have 10 years that the disease acts without symptoms! just some changes in image methods
I thought your family is a Library 
That's great
Neat! Thanks for sharing, will check it out
im a first one
So must be a good book!
God Jeová bless America,God Jeová bless the world,in God Jeová we trust, allways!
God Jeová bless you all brothers and sisters true believers and all the children of the world,vamos para casa cidade santa e o paraíso também/lets go home holy city and paradise too!
Allready sayed to much ok?
Keep safe please and you i love Lady E right?
So see you  whend i see you,God Jeová bless you all brothers and sisters true believers and all the children of the world,you can get inside my cellphone,i dont got cellphone NET,just internet,go to galery..
...and all cellphone and report to Lady Erin please i love so much Lady Erin and i dont now what is going on except that are people pressurin her as well,God Jeová bless you and Godspeed!
PS:they mess my Xbox 360 pidzy nvo and second profile davpwolf (my profile), thanks!
Thank you for encouraging people to read. Promoting books and acknowledging the importance of literature in our lives. #book #ebooks #literature #thanks #Gates
@johngreen have you seen this???
Great 
...now that’s she had a chance... ?
Eg. third person singular present; whereas, even msword overlooks character recognition of quotations: ...Davis.
“Never...?
Good book
,I thought as much! Readers are leaders. @elonmusk there should be a difference @MaximBuyakov
Going to need to make my way through Dalio's book first lol. Presently reading Outliers which is pretty good so far.
Great Book Mr.BillGates,You are a Kingmaker.Thankx for sharing about this book.
Loved the openness and direct way to talk about issues that touch you and your family that other people can benefit from your learnings. Thanks for sharing.
Nice.
Sir you’re awesome 
What is this about?
Can you lend me a couple of Mill to see me over Easter Bill? Swear down I'll pay you back next month!
Everything Mr Gates says is true.
You will also love #TheKeeperOfKaalchakra by @ashwinsanghi
Turtles All The Way Down is a really good book @johngreen. Came away feeling really bad for kids in that situation of having a wealthy parent tho because who do they trust and when. A lizard tho? Where in the world did that come from? Teenagers will love it.
Surely 
Woww it is great
@johngreen 
Send you contributions to papal or amazon using this email:  jimcasey@tocc.tv
reviews a (good) teen romance novel. Because that’s 2018.
My family loved talking about this book at the dinner table, and I think yours will, too. http://b-gat.es/2GohUKQ 
The truly significant book I’ve enjoyed reading thus far that continues truly is about the repercussions of never ending wars that only murder what vital machines that compile so much information for your rich+data “friends” purposes to “healthily” support the death tolls lacking
What a businessman of the United States ! You’re really a money generator indeed !
Phoebe gates  told me about the book but now i have lost her number can you give me back her number
Why are you lie to me as a small craftsman, Bill???
Your assist is FAKE, so please return my money Bill
I would love to partner with you. I've been very humiliated in my country. My ability to design interior decoration and design of solar power plants.
Sir, I am a Sr Medical Rehabilitation Professional and honored with National Award 1998 and a well known Social Activist Bangalore would like to join you.SyedShakrAli mob: 8084609610
Hello Mr.bill gates I Am from Indonesian ,I'm a student my name anggi harianja...I'm like you so much as a motivator.
Hello Mr.Gates. Why don't you travel to Iran? We'll be honored to have you here.
@BillGates 
@melindagates 
Sir please help me otherwise I will be die please believe me I am not fake. I am in very trouble, please help me
Name~ gurpreet
A/c no. 3287603771
+91 7348228292
Please Sir I want only a little amount only $ 800,000. It's nothing for you
Please.
I want to have a baby gates day my son is a family can not have a family do not have enough money to make my life or to help me to make a living to be able to live alone can be the same This time we will look forward to receiving the help of your throne!
是区块链技术的书吗？
That's good book indeed!Good Morning,Sir!


Dear sir i am from iraq plz help me i donot have ahouse u can help me my mobel 009647726020163 thanks
Thanks Bill. Biographies fan...
Hi  i searched this book in Spanish and I bough it for my mother. I will tell you how is going. Have a wonderful day. Saludos from Chile 
Pay off my debt Bill
@johngreen !
Have you read Scale by Geoffrey West yet?

This writer is just brilliant  !!
Hello Mr Bill Gates God bless you.
@billgates
I am like Reiki music and not everyone needs it....Love is a very beautiful feeling...
Me too!
ITII TANEE DHIBEE
Like
Why not reading is part of life
My next journey will be to Waterstones book shop! Let’s say I trust you on this one !
amazing!
Sir please read Vedic mathematics book by Chaitanya Patil ..India's next gift to the world is Vedic mathematics
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
In my view reading is good for the mind to developed a memory and creates unique power to learn and revise the things or events
aj prebaci ovde
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/981105747852488704?s=20 … ()
B.A.S.E.(YE) Style of the Day: https://www.instagram.com/p/BhGoidIBWjo/ 
Send me one pliz
Hi
Sir please help me
you are great man in the world
Thank you for sharing !
Bring Dexters Laboratory to the table with Jeremy and Phoebe and most of all you Bill
I would have forced Phoebe to watch dexters laboratory on Cartoon Network every meal time at the hope of making her into dexter
Mr BillGates I know nothing about the bk ,may get a copy?is it about Alzheimer?
señor bill soy la persona que le ayudo en un asalto que usted sufrió en su barco en montañita , ecuador , luego trabaje para usted pero no tengo dinero y  como comprobar que trabaje para usted y su país ,¿ ayúdeme por favor?vivo en calama ,calle avenida regimiento #3355 , chile
Hi
Mr. Bill Gates, I am from the country of Ecuador, I apologize, my discretion to address you, please grant me a financial help to implement a source of trade, so I can cover medical expenses of my wife's treatment.
Sir i need to book
good
Hi sir am Johnson Jonathan Semujju since I was a little kid in Have always be wanting to be like you.thank you...
Wow
Wish your family nice easter 
Good after noon bill gates ser
and Erika&Takeshi,Ko-ichi,Mr.Shinoda,UN
Let's arrest Tim&Asuka
Safari...
My company is being hijacked and misused by others! It is hard!
John Green is a National Tresure. Add this book to the reasons why.
Happiness is getting book recommendations from Bill Gates :)
..
Mr. Bill Please read my letter and answer me.

Heyyy Mr Gates greetings from Turkey.
Wow this is pretty great!
What thing it tell about!
Thank you very much happy easter to you GOD blessing YOU! I'll see you very soon smile From,CROWNS BRIAN N. BUONO

My dream is to be the bill gate of Nigeria. I know u can do it
So life can move forward in stead living a lie
When are you going to claim me
Bill gates

Congretulation Mr.Bill. You are great and we love you.
sup,mr Bill Gate,pls sir, I'm having a great business plan on agriculture here in Nigeria that can transform Africa in the nearest future,but my major challenge is the start up capital to kick start it,I need a sponsor or a venture angel to help me achieve my dream
my e-mail address is shem4soul@gmail.com
You and you wife derserve the 2019 Nobel Peace Prize.
If you think what's next in your time you won't be feel as a dust.
Mr Gates, thank you for sharing this and so many other great READS with your Twitter followers!
I will definitely read it sir thank you for your inspiration love you
Hello bill I watched a video of you and your Porsche's ever thought of owning property in camps bay south Africa flats seaview about R5 mil Clifton overated
Respected sir ,I need your help .I want to start my study but I can't afford expenses by doing job .I m good at English .
I  adoration   you   blease   seport   me   and  change  my  life  dear  bill  gates
Yes sir I love too this book

Greetings Sir,As we remember the resurrection of Christ today. Our effort will be remembered.Pls Ahmed Adeline is very smart and intelligent,good looking, young, honest.always willing to work and to impact the society if given the opportunity. From Nigeria.
Yes
I want to meet you.
The video is "Lucian calypso act now"  on you tube lets start now
Am in ny
Mr Gates  anyway to contact you need advise urgently badly trying to save a child please reply to me please need advise badly and urgently
Merci aussi avec mes enfants nous discutons  de notre nouveau sciecle qui a malheureusement mal commencé 78 conflits avec des dizaines de millions de morts. Et nous n avons pas trouvé de solutions. Et vous?
I read too. FANTASTIC SIR
Great people have great idea.
I love sir I am big fan
wow......it is great sir@#@#
may be
I HOPE SO.... HMMMM! what an awesome time N honour ;GENIUS BILL G. reading and discussing my works! #GOD'S WISDOM #GREAT!
Going to download it now, love a good book
Is it about flat-earthers?
Urgent, when my funds are transfered?, please transfer today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, thanks
Sir Rejoice for the saviour of the world has risen. Happy Easter to you and your family.
Yes! John Green, Discworld reference, what’s not to love?
تم
Great book to read for great men...
Nice
Bericht aan de hoofdredacteur V.R.T,sorry jongen ik kan u niet helpen.
