I just want everyone on planet earth to have what they need.......basic needs .....a long line and wait......thank you Mr. Bill Gates for paying attention and making a difference in soooooooooooooo  many people's lives.......
People helping people, that's the way it should be #SHOWYOURLOVE
Your awesome. And very thoughtful.
Thank You @BillGates! These bed nets are making a huge difference for these precious children!
I lived in Africa for 2 years, you can't and please dont try to sleep without it.
Sir, you always do something which is different but touches core of people s heart. God bless you.
Thanks
God bless .
Thank you Bill Gates for doing what you do for our world!
Very happy to read this, but is LLIN use being monitored? Inhambane Prov. in southern Mozambique has seen an increase in malaria cases recently. Thanks to @gatesfoundation & @FundlaCaixa we are currently doing ento surv in the area to look at mosquito vector species + behaviors
Bill you are god guy.
Thank you Mr. Gates for everything you do to help humanity.
Thank you
So it is
Good to see this.... You and @melindagates @gatesfoundation @GatesAfrica should check out and support the amazing work and innovation by Ugandan startups @mama_ope in pneumonia diagnosis IOT and @matibabu8 in malaria diagnosis! Both need your support!
That is good. It would be fabulous if you could help others as fortunate to think about how we should all cooperate in a global community. Billionaires have to accept that wealth needs to be more equally distributed
The third pic shows a net full of holes. I hope that isn't a comment on the quality of the distributed nets.
Thank you bill gates
You Rock Mr. Gates!
Thanks Sir!! Sincerely Shellie Gary

@BillGates , be blessed am here in Mozambique  and i real can realize that.....

Thank you for your Faithfulness
Exceptional Mr Gates. So simple and effective. Thank you.
Thank you!
A person that has the means to help and does...thank you Bill
I slept with one of those for 10 years in Cambodia. They are fantastic
Who is taking the pictures. Really great pics.

It seems more effective and easy to implement than soğhisyicated medications
Excellent humanitarian task. Qudos.
you'r gentleman dear billgates
Keep up the good work Bill. You're doing God's work.  Thank you.
Thanks Bill!
May God continue to bless u

Thanks Sir...
I will suffer through every ridiculous decision Microsoft makes about windows to support your cause buddy.
Well done. Communities in Niassa Reserve could benefit from kind distribution. 9 villages reside on our wildlife concession alone (which comprises 10.5% of entire Reserve). Our Mozambican scouts tackling wildlife crime need bed nets too. Malaria is a constant setback for us.
Now will you tackle ME-17 million worldwide suffering-?
Wonderful news! Thanks for telling us about the great work Worl Vision continues to do!
Thank you.
gr8 work boss
i think their lives will slowly get better, with the help of people like you.
U r really great sir
im poor man  im (degree complated)bachelor of commerce and computer application  (http://bcom.cA ) please help me sir your give me one job
Sir help me to  give me one job i requested you to him
@BillGates working through a fanatical christian charity, why?
We are Togather Bill
Last summer, I asked my followers to help me distribute 100,000 bed nets through @WorldVisionUSA. In this photo essay, you can see how those nets are making a difference in Mozambique
Great work. Simply a great work for humanity. You are a real hero and mentor.
Absolutely  Priceless
You and your wife are incredible human beings
Very Nice gesture so needed for these poor folks Bill Gates!
Hella Mr.Gates,
You are making the difference....
Carry on an never stop...
finally helping is not much,but why so few people yet rich does not help as much and that wealth is held by a handful of people (1% of the  population of the earth?) who use it to make the party,yacht,luxury cars, while 98% of the world's population lives below the poverty line
Marvelous! Simply Marvelous! I use these and I know what chemicals can do but I've got pets n they get itchy n then I get itchy. No way! These are costly but they could help ppl in other countries.
That's cool and now for winter blankets and Milo
No al Nuevo Orden Mundial eugenesico, satánico y dictatorial. 
No a la muerte y la reducción de la población mundial en nombre poderoso de Yeshua.
THANK'S
Good job BG.
Well done, really great to see!
@BillGates it is a great work by u. Ur fight against Malaria eradication is commendable. Congrats. # President, Samajwadi Party Odisha State, India.
I see some nets were targeted at big birds and not mosquitoes! 
#netswithbigholes
This is wonderful. Thank you for the kind gesture. 
great work. Dont forget Malawi
i asked my founder god  bill gates your give me one job
Are these still the nets that have repellent chemicals that when used as fishing nets poison water supplies and fish? Also are these nets purchased from the business owned by Gates?
Great initiative bill 
thanks .... great to see my donations are helping out ppl over there !!
It is worth to poor people survival and their health care
I meant very kind.
God bless you you mr Bill Gates
Thank you so much.
Why do you need help when you’re one of the richest men in the world
You are more wealthy by the love you have in the hearts of people around the world
its the right way to give back to the people all over the world
Watching the people of Florida and the day is longer. Thank you Birth Year 1955Graduation year 1973 Flint Southwestern High School 
@canaryfliesat, @Princeton @WKAR @LTBBHigherEd
Hi Bill,

It's so great to see such great efforts and believe me it does make a change in society..
But I guess targeting root cause of many (if not all) of these problem which is overpopulation should be considered too. Consider a campaign for Contraceptive pills and its impact

With your support  Jepakeft international limited  can do more  for children in African please visit our website and contact us .
http://jepakeft.com/social-and-cultural-activities.html … 
Nothing beats a good night sleep
Sir if you read this tweet please watch this video and consider investing in this man's idea it would change lives 
@BillGates
Sir please if you read this tweet watch this video and consider investing on this man's idea @BillGates
You are doing a great job in the fight against malaria.  Keep it up
Its good men
Thats very good action , but people in Afrika need also hard mattresses . I think they need work first who payed about 300 dollar per month and not only 60 dollar who many people payed like that .
Good work Daddy if you can remember my country Sierra Leone that will be kind of you.
You and your extraordinariness. Kudos.
Serving humanity is serving God.
thanks to @BillGates and @WorldVisionUSA. we hope we will thinks for Democratic republic of congo  nextly
More people with assets like yours should step up and match what you're doing or even a portion of it. Get those babies vaccinated, meals and person water filter straws.
Great work sir ....really appreaciable 
Salute
Great Humanitarian....
Awesome sir..
Very kind heart Mr. Bill!
That"s Wonderful!!!
I wish there was a Dollar Tree
on every corner in Africa...
This is soooooo FANTASTIC & MAJESTIC of you! You are spreading sunshine  touching many by your generosity & goodness. My wish for you is complete HAPPINESS!!
Not trying to throw dirt. But if I had the type of money you had. I would have already gotten rid of third world's power issues, hunger issues, and health issues. Just my $0.02.
bed net is a big help for them to sleep comfortable and to be free from the mosquito bites thanks to you @BillGates and @WorldVisionUSA and to all the donors
Blessings, and Thx for your accions and vision!!
We want videos and, more explanation from those 'benefiting'.
Sew close them holes lol
这个世界会偏爱善良的人，谢谢你，盖茨先生
Lucky ppl to have ur attention,others r not so lucky.
You are truly honest man...
Like this made of homespun cotton in #Cavite, #Philippines. Organic, no permetrin added?
In the midst of political “tennis” here in the U.S. this is such a #great #story of #humanitarian awesomeness!
cute babys
What has a bigger carbon footprint http://khanacademy.org  or the world public brick and mortar school system?
Sir, can we get some assistance for the internally displaced persons in Benue? They will go a long way to ease the pains
Are you able to use vi ?
It is better to ask people to plant Basil more and more and you will wonder mosquitoes will be expelled naturally...

THE RICHEST SHOULD HELP AT FIRST, PUBLIC SECOND. NOT EVERYONE CAN AFFRORD TO DO SO
I'm still waiting on an answer to that effect
Hmm that's is very nice..,....
Heartly welcome to you sir . it's an initiative that truely amazing
Amazing!!!
I'm a man whose have a vision of becoming a Medical Laboratory Science / Medical Doctor (MBBS) but issues of financial ..........
Big difference for some people indeed
@Bill Gates
Good soul, keep u d good act May Almighty Allah reward you abundantly am so happy. Love these kind os work.

Wish I could do sooo.
You have made it your life's journey to help those that need the help. Keep it up and never tire.

You have made a big difference in society

#COP24 #SDGs #SDG #GlobalGoals #SDG2030 #un #COP23 #TEACHSDGS #Uganda #SDG3 #philanthropy #philanthropists @gatesfoundation @melindagates
They are poor 
But they rich in something
His work is seen all over the planet, being one of the most respected and admired people.
Good work,..wish this happens to Uganda too
Much thanks for what your doing. God bless you abundantly

It is a good idea
Amazing job
Great work, God bless Bill Gates. Waiting for you here in Uganda
My my my.... Idea! “Beelie G”?

B.a.s.e.(Ye)
Sir, it would be great if people can track how those nets are contributed and distributed through adoption of blockchain.
God bless you for the good work
sir i want to do job in your company...i can do best for you.. please help me...
Se you now
What of Nigeria
We are always with you bill gates sir
Cam on
Thank you so much for all you do to make our world better.
That being sad any bad tweet was not by me if their are any gonna change my profile. Thanks bye twitter!
I am being hacked as we speak on Xbox 1 and online as well and my credit cards, tweets all kinds of bad stuff on Xbox while my son was in school, they wrote evil stuff robbed my family for a thousand dollars I didn’t have
You and Melinda are fabulous Bill  #inspiration #selfless
I am below the poverty line been getting robbed for over 6 months 8 months hackers on Microsoft Xbox got me for over a grand. This is not fair, I'm not gonna get reimbursed and the hacker gets in no trouble? I just don't get it!
As we speak my son is being hacked on Xbox, been getting robbed for months over a thousand dollars is almost a tenth of my income for the year have 5 kids 3 grandkids I can't afford this!
#Iamsickashell#ilikeBillGates/getting hacked/poor/got me for over a thousand dollars their on my sons account, it's almost a tenth of my bring home for the year, could you imagine that Bill?
I am being hacked on Xbox as we speak right now, theirs nothing we can do to hackers?
We r not rich but my son has spent close to 800 dollars on that damn fortnight game only to be kicked off gold, and hacked, why should the people being hacked get punished why the hacker is still playing. Bullshit, Microsoft home of the hackers!
You make me feel happy just by knowing that there are still people like you who care. Thank u so much
 Thank you 
@isabelaangola @PaulEalyMooney @McDermedFox9 @Jumpman23 @JeffBezos @WarrenBuffett @ConstructNBuild @stevewoz @fahdabntsaud @Oprah
BILLY BABY, I LOVE YOU FOR ELIMINATING POVERTY & DISEASES IN AFRICA, THIS IS WHY "THE ALL" MADE YOU THE WORLDS RICHEST MAN7

#PURPLELOVEKINGBILL7 – at Paisley Park Studios
Thanks billGates for your help! I heard a lot things good about ur foundation is making in our mother land. Thanks
I would love to be part of this help Mr.Gates..
Be blessed
Usually

P
Thanks Mr Gates for your humanitarian work. I am one of the beneficiary of the bed net in Africa. I am living in Liberia in one of the slum community in Monrovia. Right now there is a bed net distributions that is on going in my community.

Am kenyan teacher.I kindly request you to sponsor me at any university in the world.
I applaud your efforts at humanity, but what good does it do to save them and have them starve or killed by ruthless junta.   World Vision should also work on infrastructure and benevolent governments.
Cont'http://d.you  deserve credit by after discussion with me world will have to focus on various topics
You will sponsor me a visa, sir
Thanks for your tweet. Basic needs of this world are still not completed
Thank you for all that you stood for humanitarian, hospitality, favour, all of those good stuff
While well-intended, these nets pose an environmental catastrophe because these nets, which are treated with an insecticide, are being used to catch fish. This poisons the waters and the fish. It also is drastically reducing the local fish population. Just. Stop.
It's you sir who did the great thing tl care and share! I am so happy that you can do these things and even more. You are contributing so we can make this world a better place!

https://www.fiverr.com/mehedi_3rp/best-seo-quality-keyword-research-for-you …
https://www.fiverr.com/mehedi_3rp/best-on-page-seo-optimization-for-wp-website-for-you …
https://www.fiverr.com/mehedi_3rp/speed-up-your-wordpress-site-within-24-hours …
https://www.fiverr.com/mehedi_3rp/install-and-optimise-yoast-seo-plugin-for-you …
https://www.fiverr.com/mehedi_3rp/off-page-seo-drip-feed-links-service-for-your-website …
Thanks a lot for this humanity act. May God bless you!
you are just too awesome, keep up the good work, bro
God bless you
God will bless you Bill! I hope you will also remember d interior parts of Nigeria because when you visit d country,places they take you to ain't d "real" Nigeria! The real citizens are suffering from mosquito bite everyday and I would like to get involved if you permit!
You're a good man Bill Gates wishing you would run for president of the United States
Great job Bill! You make me want to be a better person!
Thank you Mr. Gates Good to see this.
Please keep up your usual nice job.
You get good with very cheap price net from Pakistan 00923028480551
@WorldVisionU
