Thank you for your efforts and support ... Emirates Polio Campaign
We need that in Venezuela :(
Yet Human Rights are put on the back burner #FreeLatifa
Indeed. How is this possible in 2018. Ever considered coming from stone age to a modern day era? @HHShkMohd Where are human rights in the UAE? https://www.lawgazette.co.uk/comment-and-opinion/where-are-human-rights-in-the-uae/5065672.article#.Wter1KBuLBc.twitter … #FreeLatifa #WhereisLatifa #BoycottDubai
Best 
Another great initiative 
We wish a better life for all people 
It's weird that we've had a cure for polio for so long but theirs still a need for charities regarding vaccination
Awesome 
...''strong'' leaders fight wars to save the nation?
... well,great leaders fight  more purposeful wars' to save the humanity!  
...
This is not surprising to UAE, always aim to help other people for good and provide help, all respect to the UAE government #UAE #uaegov @UAEEmbassyUS and especially Sheikh @MohamedBinZayed 
Thank you sir @BillGates for your wonderful tweet.
Hi Big boss! I'm Laurent from DRC and want to make knowledge with you.
God bless you
As crianças merecem todo o nosso respeito, carinho e saúde 
#Bharat 
#spiritual_leader_Saint_Rampalji
lease many I'm very bad with money to help me with money 500 000 $ dying planet. and it is also u help me please do not kill me first send the money to the bank account bank of georgia beneficiary: RAZMAZISHVILI  ZURAB Account:GE02BG0000000790808600
Meil: zrazmazishvili@gmail.com
Benevolence !
Good
So close! You and your wife, rotary, WHO, unicef, and the CDC deserve the Nobel prize if you can get it done! Thanks. This would mean so much to health care worldwide. Eliminating vaccines through eradication!!!
That is so good...
Great...
Thanks
May the good Lord bless you
A great time for polio patients 
Great work you have done. 
Run for President so America can be sane again.
Only commitment
You are the great..thank you so much.. Love It.. Bill Gates sir.
Hay remember how    they tried to said that they are yours
Help me!
That's great.  I've often wondered if your foundation helps wildlife, marine life, the oceans (which are full of man-made plastic, the environment, or farmed animals?  Or, do you only help humans?
Lil win is really not going to claim me and honestly I never invaide the south and honestly ask Donald j trump about the northern hemisphere which you should know about
when it is for something important for the future of human being, it should be without hesitation to be done .......

It's me Edmund isaguirre from London or August 1984
Bill you and Melinda you are doing a great deal to help humanity and I have a great estimate for you and your family. @BillGates
You are great .
Thanks 
That Nice... In  Tanzania we also need that!
شكرا لكم
Congrats on this mission 

But in Pakistan, polio volunteers are targetted n killed; propoganda going around saying polio shots r West's conspiracy to control Islamic population n hence unislamic 
right.
I caught the polio virus and still lucky to b alive. I live in Houston,Tx
It's a laudible initiative
Good job gates
A good reason for all humanity.
Commendable efforts
https://twitter.com/leovincimcdlii/status/986947401943527425?s=21 …
Hey I live there
ilkel insanla gelişmiş insan dişi neden sağlıksız
denizdeki balıklarada uygulanıyormu bu tedavi ben bilend
A good reason for all humanity.
I started this tweet out of a meditation exercise for positivity funny enough , I needed a complete distraction from the bombardment i get of intentional focus distractions when I am online, so tweeting you truth = equivalent to me pricking my thumb to bleed to snap back in it,
3/3 I was like AFRICA Gates gets the cliched ww2 rich tax deal so properties get robbed / he gets a foundation aka no taxie just limo, who visits africa? nobody( a comparison of US budget) so you have a land where nobody can see what you do.. ahh I see, get that Polio! Shakalaka
2/3 so then I was like: whoa dark family stuff, kidnappin's n shit, then I was like, welI  "THE MONEY" uses America as a prototype experiment for unfinished products, cleverly having citizens actually evolve products over years through vampire budgeting (term I just made up) cont
Then it had me asking, what's in polio for you?not the parents?hmm citi bank Seattle connects, makes sense on the reverse engineer on the tech handed down to you, then using father lawyer connects to take some tech from Jobs. wasn't able to track process til now cont.. 1/3
how bout' AIDS? u uhh closer to curing AIDS? or do I have to work for a job and buy a st judes t shirt out of my wages for someone that did heroin while they were pregnant's kid? Basic concepts Bill the kid "wiifm" that's "Chili's" business talk for WHAT's IN POLIO FOR ME?

Thanks
Thanks
3q
Great one bill gates
Thank you Mr. Bill for such gratifying news of a noble cause, it is something that concerns us touching a sensitive fiber of each of us.
Don't you help individuals too in terms of Financials? 
+260963708146
Still one of the few people in the world I would love to meet and talk to @BillGates

The Strategies necessary for eradicating Life-threatening Viruses must receive utmost Priority. We all live on the same Wonderful planet. Unfortunately if we allow Dreaded Viruses to mutate in poor Countries, we'll all regret such CRISES.  #Wellness4All   @PAPAWELLNESS1
Very impressive and contributing.
Follow Indian strategies to eradicate polio.
Surely it is a great help and generosity of the highest state. It's undisputed fact that polio is among the most endangered disease for childrens so given special attention on it, is a fundamental issue. Well done Excellencies,surely it is an effort to be supported by everyone
that is Pakistan  KPK photo
I hope that your not using reverse phycology and saying you plan on getting them sick. After all how could I not question the of they of you!
Good job billgate and binzayed
@jordanbpeterson
Good Job
Bill Gates lives in the WHITEST neighborhoods he can find, while virtue signaling all over the Brown world

Liberal hypocrite

Try doing something for Americans

-

#Foxnews #MAGA #Trump #tcot #ccot #pjnet #NRA #MAGA2018 #hannity #Tucker #NRATV #TuckerCarlsonTonight #SeanHannity
Great job atleast you are initiate something some peoples are just revolt against every thing and doin nothin
Here i am heal and healthy from hiv/aids by capital cures you too can contact him via email capitalcures@hotmail.com or +2349072126089
great
Trying to rescue my confidence, hope well positioned men really worried in help people on the #world.
Hope great men in entrepeneurship be also great men in social questions.

Why are they still giving oral live vaccine? Which is eradicated in western countries?
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $400 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Yeah never mind the side effects look at the money as the stock price rises due to volume of sales Yeah go Bill
Your evil personified
Mr. Gates. How Wonderful! PLEASE sir keep up your excellent work! God will bless you and your family forever! Sincerely Shellie Gary
You’v just trying to fill in your pocket with the deepest pocket owners of the corrupt and dictator Arab leaders.
हाँ
I love you Sir #BillGates
いい写真ですね
Masha Allah
Good job
why can't I message u privately 
but they kill children in yemen
Right
I wish a better world ahead...Healthy,strong and determined...


Every country should do this...

Good job!
What do u think about Yemen, Mr. G?
Good stuff
Are you a business man or woman? Do you need loan to settle your debt and start a nice business of your own?veteran home loan
Contact Person: mr philip crane
Country: United States
Whatsapp Number: +1 (205) 293-4700
Email: veteranhomeloan406@gmail.com
I need 50lakh $
you are good, but trump is so ugly
God help you and Sheikh Zayed
Polio doesn't like in our country
Can this campaign get to Tanzania. The human trafficking of polio beggars into Kenya is not only shocking but makes me wonder about polio vaccinations for under five in Tanzania......perplexing!

Another great initiative 
please contact me

May God listen to you.
Good Morning
My name is Najam living in Pakistan I have spinal injury atT10 my lower half not working now I am on bed please if help me for treatment I am GREATFUL to you,
In Pakistan no any treatment available and also not any rehabilitation center here so my request to you thanks,
Waiting
My father had polio as a child, he recovered and was told he would never walk again, but the Dr. Was proven wrong, the year was 1909 and my grandfather was determined to make Dad walk again. So he made him crawl up and down stairs until that was easy, and walk he did#determined
@BillGates Do you think once we “end polio”, we’ll never need to get vaccinated for it ever again?
hallelujah !!
Nice
When people wake up they understand that what they’ve seen until that moment is a dream...
Hi
UAE????????  What happened  in Yemen????  Are they also there????
Pour Le Ange Monsieur Gates et sa bonne aider!
Because you are working for philanthropic causes.....you will be suitable Producer for such Movie.
I can wait for you.... months/Years.

I would be grateful to you for Life-long.
(I have tried to work on Smoking in 4 Information technology companies including mine by visting Smoking Zone twice a day
...and found 30-40% reduction within 2 months.....I think God helps me to get some expected result..as I have never smoked)
With God's grace I can pass my message to crate BIG Impact. My Movie will touch a lot of social issues.
Now a days....Bad habits are not considered as BAD....Its freedom..leading Glamorous Life...Modern Lifestyle...
Its Ways to enjoy every moment of life without thinking about the consequences.

I want to convey the message to KIDS/Youth that this is not the REALITY.
....whenever KIDs suffer after divorce.....Misbehaving with girl & Murder due to Alcohol & Porn.

I have guilty conscience.....I feel guilty for not motivating our Youth to lead on right direction.
Dear Brother, Like you and millions of peoples, My heart also bleeds in sorrow for Kids/Students ,cries out to the families that loses loved one......in Mass shooting........
....whenever someone dies due to lung cancer(Smoking), Liver cancer(Alcoholism), Drug.
Please give me your blessing on this new year to get the opportunity to fully change the World.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.

Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources 

....to solving society's problems..... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.

Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
Great
You don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.

Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
6- I have great respect for all religions

I belong to Software Industry..working in one of the top S/W company for the last 13 yrs...want to contribute in this social Service.
4-Pre marital Sex - I have never gone for this either Pre or Post(extramarital).

5-Absence of money awareness- I don't LIKE to take anyone's favor including my parents.
You might be interested to know about Why I am suitable person to Write, Act & Direct your Movie.

1-Smoking -I have never smoked
2-Alcoholism - I have never drunk
3-Drug -- I have never taken
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
2-Alcoholism & Pornography -- Answer--"For relaxation" & Pleasure
3-Drug -- Answer-- For relaxation, lifing up mood & Pleasure
4-Pre marital Sex- Marriage problems & Divorce
5-Absence of money awareness-Demand their parent..because of bad/rich friends

It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Women & children normally suffer the most after a divorce, both in terms of quality of life and emotional well-being.

What is the REASON behind this...... "DATING"..... having relationships before marriage...in the name of Freedom......Simple..
The median length for a marriage in the U.S. today is 11 years with 90% of all divorces being settled out of court.

With these DATA.........Please think about KIDS's.
between 40% and 60% of new marriages will eventually end in divorce. 

The probability within... the first five years is 20%, and the probability of its ending within the first 10 years is 33%.
cháu chào ông\
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace.......will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago.....
Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.

After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
You have 45.7M followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD ... even FILTER can't stop....will try

Please tell me if I am wrong for having a dream of a movie produced by you to show the right direction to our young generation.
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" .I want to contribute in this social service.

Brother, I hope you will produce one unique movie to show the right direction to our Young generation.Very real & Simple.......  no Fiction
I am IT professional.With God's grace & your help, I can Write, Act & Direct such Movie.Please think in different way of Social Service.

This unique Movie will make Huge profit as well as contribute PEACE to world and brotherhood.Please discuss this in BOD Meeting.
You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter these issues is pending from your side.

Movies show BIG impact on society, Please plan the production of such movie for welfare of our young generation.
Having Multiple relationship, Excessive Drinks with Criminal Mind, Disrespect for Marriage, etc.  ....all in the name of Freedom.

Donation for AIDS should also consider to counter these Social Disease.
Wishing you and your family a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year 2018.

Good Evening Brother, Now a days High moral standards are totally missing in Our Movies & reducing rapidly in our society.
Glad you're doing something good with all your money.
Email or tweet me or  how do you say it lil-win  basterd child  .....
Amen to that.BGATES.PEACE D
It's not funny  .....
Great human being 
Hay I'm just going to chill and drink a beer  I'm going to be 34 years old on August 22nd  just love to meet you one day if you know about America history how I got here
Great work
Just I am in Florida in West Palm Beach Florida not Miami just wondering why can't Shannon R Brock can't help me and you make history or be friends
Awesome! Now, when will you take up #mecfs - the #MillionsMissing #pwme are in serious need for some research funding and proper medical treatment.
When I was a kid, all I heard was POLIO POLIO. And then, we were told IT'S GONE! But I guess not. It saddens me that YOUTH, worldwide, are not really educated on many issues that matter to the human spirit and health. It's all about sex/fashion/selfies!!! Need to change Education
Only you know which  is yours
Hey Bill, you don't need to have the period in front of someone's name anymore!
