Cool
This is not true for countries like India; here the population has been growing unfettered, since Indepedence; and unless the Govt does something drastic, like China, ( Law to contain it) the Popultion Bomb is going to Implode  the Nation, in a few decades
I want a Turkish translation!.
Is the world at its worst point ever in terms of population health right now?
Why would it be the worst?
I'm totally in favor of investing in health for everyone, it's just that Bill's underlying logic of a correlation between health and a decrease in population growth may apply only to:
1. places going from good to excellent
2. certain statistically handpicked places.
My initial point was that planet Earth seems to have, right now, the most living humans ever. Which can only be attributed, at least partially, to significant improvements in health care.
Therefore, we may want to consider completely dropping any hint of malthusianism even in defending giving better health care to people by arguing that it will have a taming effect on population growth.
You can have maximum population with minimal positive population growth. What he says is health affects the second.
Right, but as I pointed out, that may only apply to good-to-great places in certain times.

Take examples such as famine-time Ireland, bubonic plague continental europe, and malaria ravaged countries in Africa. Populations sometimes get cut in half over a few years.
So, as people gets healthier thru advanced science and technology, the more they put aside important value such as starting a family, sad.
Maybe that is an important value to you. People have different goals, some want to build a family, some want to live large. I believe the most important value is the freedom of choice.
Agreed. Freedom of Choice is important. So does being accountable for the choices and decisions we make. Proud that I believe family values
follow back bro
Hahaha

Hope you get follow back lol  
Exactly WHY would @billgates follow YOU???

Apparently even Bill has issues with Excel Graphs. 
@BillGates  Population Growth In Africa will ruin the world.
.
what can we do sir,
And is this a bad thing? 
What's wrong with stabilizing the global population at a level where all can be fed and live decently? 
Oh, global conglomerates will lose new potential customers!
The whole world population would fit into Australia giving every single(!) human around 1,000 square meters of ground to live.
It seems like soon there will no more other species remain on the Earth other than  Humans. We are destroying Beautiful Earth for our cheap Requirements that never gonna end.
Sorry Bill, that is complete bullshit.
That is a great observation to support the kind of work @PIH do in #Liberia . A #healthy stable society with lower #mortality rates increases the #wellbeing of individuals. It is all about finding #balance
it ok
Today was the presentation of my daughter's Village Life, which has a top position

....................
My daughter giving 
presentation in her school
Thanks my all Dear friends  and honest MR Bill Gates
this year marks 100 years of the Spanish flu. and the entire scientific community agrees that we are very close to the next big flu pandemic. with great loss of lives. What do you think about it?
ap ki soch bht achi hai
Please come my city Pakistan please please please please please please my whatsapp number 03172011959
hahaha that's a great observation and brilliant.nevertheless let your tim give our motherland Uganda a leaf of relief on malaria
How this work then, i am not sure is it due to healtg improvement, i think its due to shit life we have.
@gbarbieri0
Example; Farmers in the old days that we’re trying to provide for there family they new they had to reproduce more children to give the family a better chance to be able to harvest the crops and milk the cows.
yes boss
Čiko dal bi usvojio sina i mene mi smo iz Srbije mislim da je to dovoljno za usvajanje ,a i veseli smo .
The reason population is going down isn’t bc they are healthier. It’s because they are working all the time or ppl are being sterilized thru BC. People use to be able to have children without assistance yet now everyone needs help from fertility dr’s. Only wealthy can afford IVF
Stop killing off the planet via your toxic poison vaccines, they are nothing but a damn hoax and a lie all to fill the money pockets for BIG Pharma and you.. Stop lying to the public about the vaccines which are causing all sorts of diseases. Your suppose to be a roll model, NOT!
#EducationHealthProsperity
#BetterEducationResultsINLowerPopulation
#LowerPopulationLeadsToBetterHealthofCitizens
#PlannedParenthoodIStheBestSolution
Better care for 30.000 kids who lost parents by blended learning:
Definitely the conversation we need to have
window windows door doorus
This some how reminds me of the Georgia Guide Stones.. Sick.. Their answer poison use all with their vaccinations. Yeah we are getting better, people are being sterilized by these vaccinations that’s why people aren’t having more children.
hi sar  how r u
Sir I want talk with you
Can i become your son in law
Ask hurting souls to contribute towards this goal.
Many understand the next level well enough to consider the shift.
It would be a good preemptive approach.
After all; what is this realm ?
If the earth's carrying capacity is 10 billion and we are already over 7 billion why isn't this what the progressives push instead of identity politics, climate change & globalism?
The real causes of depopulation are taboos. You have means to clear them - without prejudices. Or, 'la verité nous tue' ? Thank You
 good job
Keep it up
I Am Just A Plain Old Ordinary Man. The Word Of God Is Alive_IsIt_NotSo ThatAll TheThings ThatAreWritten AreHappeningRight B4 OurVeryOwn Eyes? There Is NothingMagical AboutIt_It's TheWord Of God_GodsGlory Has Revealed All These Things 2Us_So GiveGlory To God
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
i think it NOT about 7.4 billion but about OUR PARENTS & GRAND PARENTS & ARE THEY GETTING THE BEST HEALTH CARE designed by GOVERNMENT/um*
Brilliant and explained well.  Always learning from great leaders like you
Taking Buckminster Fuller's "energy slaves" notion, if all 7.6 billion humans got up tomorrow and lived the high-tech, western society level of culture, we'd press on the natural world with the force of over ONE TRILLION humans. Think about that. Or not. 
and jeff bezos has more money than u 
C:/ 
u lose baller
u dont own a professional sports team
probably cause u dont have the money 
gates give me 1 damn answer why i should listen to your 
millionaire talk
Zccc=s
Morning sir....
Hi from Malaysia
Show us the graph when food & housing cost come down,  then we may believe over population isn't a problem.  China's growth rate is trending up. Slow down in growth rate in past from European cultures or certain gov't policy  is irrelevant to the future trend.
Why are you too scared of population at this age @BillGates, you mean the plan for mars is now a myth? And the vaccines are no more working
Why
#i_like this Man 
We don't believe your lies anymore
Oh yeah you're into that population control all right
Are you a member of the club of Rome?
Healthcare and vaccinations we can lower that population
没办法改变啊，政府的力量太强大了，资本与政府联手无敌的
https://youtu.be/bJq-TmnUgO8 
@Bill Gates is a phenomenally positive force. Observing his co-trustee’s invesment philosophy on incentives, investing in people and not leading with attorneys could help him achieve so much more. @WarrenBuffett gets it.

Good & educative post
@ajbends
I totally agree with you I've been saying it for years the population is causing most of these societal problems. How do you humanely cure the problem now?
When people have more wealth they have more than one amusement.
Duh.

An unarmed populace has no rights.
It only has permission.
#RecallPelosi!
#RecallBrown!
#Harrington2024
All those poor kids in India you pushed the polio vaccine on for profit don't think so. How many were harmed by that? 40,000?
very interesting . Well done. Thank you.
@beauty_newlife
Destinies of world hold more than one imagines to this interesting population which people poor countries. misfortune ! revolutions, wars , dictatorship are no maked longer without it ; it is necessary, in all things, to see that evil of world comes from developed countries.
Ap Rajadani amravathi World no1 City beautifull andrapredsh when will come to Microsoft come amravathi ap asked people devilpd  city
Keep on supporting abortion & you will see even more.
Tanzaninia
Dear, does this apply to muslin people?
Wow!
Maybe if u unleash your bioweapons u can reduce our population like u always want

In our power to slow down the pace of change - people must work their heads, this saves the brain.
LASTLY, You had design a world of your Own for the LIGHT to live under  Your Satanic & Luciferian world. Well let me design world if you decided to stay In The Darkness. All your wealth will turn into dust & you will have to start All over again in your old world. GOOD LUCK!. 
Lovely...

Not counterintuitive whatsoever.  Poor have more kids as traditionally kids represented a form of insurance in old age to the mother and father. Since mortality in poor families is higher is makes sense to try to have more kids....as insurance.
https://twitter.com/DavidNsteb?s=09 
(@DavidNsteb): https://twitter.com/DavidNsteb?s=09 
The biggest global scourge is cancer. I vote to cure cancer...followed by diabetes and heart disease.
I think the main reason for population rate decrease is the economic and education. You can see all developed countries have these rates so small and in developing ones the rates are still high. But in a developing country, when economic and education better, the kids are fewer.
Interesting.
That's BAD news. We can be a lot of rich people or few poor people. LIFE is not bad, we increase production and division of labor. We need MORE people. Please study economics before you "save" us with some totalitarian central planned law for population control.
We dont need more people, we need smarter administration, something those barons of politics dont like. How can you produce food fast to feed so much people? We cant control the weather, soon we will be eating lab food.


PARA ISSO

Let us hope reality turns out like your projections...another factor that would be favoring this is the ever increasing living costs...
So over the last 200 years population went don’t Bill?
אבל מה עם פרו ורבו?
What?!
Inspiring and educational. Impact Children Rights matters. Business can have a huge impact. # UNICEF Childrens Rights and Business Principles. Thank you Melinda and Bill.
How about we pass (or even debate) the Bill Gates Act: anyone with a net worth of over $10B pays an extra $100M in taxes each year.
Should be fun. And they "can afford it", amirite?
Please run for president.
interesting, 1 thing I always think about is growing populations lead to increased demand & economic growth. It would seem we need continued advancement in technology to make up for slowing population growth. Hoping declines pop & decreased Econ AKA Japan would only be temporary
Bill and Belinda you guys you are the best
Thanks!
U r not billionaire because of your mind. U r billionaire because of your luck. If u r thinking that u r billionaire because of your mind then think there r so many people in this world who have  more mind  than u after that they r not billionaire because luck is important mind.
"too many people countdown to disaster"

Population Explosion means effects of day by day increasing population to environment 

Increase in birth rates due to medical improvements 
Decrease in death rates due to better medical facilities and advancements in the field of medicine

Bill, looks good w age,
Please come in India please help the poor girl suffering for any epidemic disease my name is F4
Nice thought 
nice
Nice.
Good thoughts.

Now we can tax you at 99% marginal to be able to afford that healthy society.
nice sir


http://www.binance.com/?ref=19085713 
Thank you. Does your report get granular about regions and countries? I will read your report.
good day sir,I'm a Nigerian, I need help to register for my exams,please this is my account 2953871019,Bassey iniobong noah,FCMB

We need More thinkers like you.
U r awesome Mr Bill
You are a true man with true spirit of human being. Congratulations! God bless you more mercy.
Healthy people can think better.
They are more productive.
Most importantly, they think about their future, which collective translates to better future for humanity.
Bill maybe people look round and find out there is no reason to have children on this world   Babilon.
i stated prior and again that mr linus torvolds is the most valuable red revolutionary. systm may grimmace. its a cup of coffee. bottom line linus here. 850 pow the most violent enemy prison in history and delivers liberty every opportunity he has. courage. valor. gallentry. fdr
hi uncle linus.nice talking with you just now on talk through....i am a litl vague on response to world population numbers....i dont think it matters if i am disappointed and or exrpess that i am such in this regard...you and i have a values systm: we clbrt chldbrth.  thx xrich
Inreresting
Attention with world population statistics. Studied them. The dotted lines in your diagram are nothing but wishful thinking. Ask UN Statistic about the shocking size of their unknowns and factor of uncertainty. Each new report does upwards corrections.
The Convention on the Rights of the Child would be a good starting point. A child does deserve better than ending in a family and environment that cannot provide it with the very basics. Unethical, inhuman to say it mildly.
We can strike global agreements about chemical weapons, climate etc. but apparently not against irresponsible parenthood? What about you using your money for an award for stopping after the 3rd child? Scared of religious leaders?
How ethical is it to spend most of your money for survival measures, while not using your influence for getting to the root cause? Why don’t you mention the example of China which did beat the catastrophic trend within 1 generation?
Interesting viewpoint, Bill. So as the worldwide populations have now for decades been growing by about 100 million a year, do you suggest that health services were getting worse and worse all time?
Nice
Georgia Guide-stones , depopulation plan is well underway. Thanks for the Mercury
I’ve seen Kingsmen I know where this is going
@BillGates Thank you so much for your work. People like you, @neiltyson and @BillNye. You folks are some of the big names out there bringing, logic, intelligence, science and compassion to a bitter world that has spent too many years with our hands over our ears.
How should we feel great about less lives on planet earth?
Hey Bill, would you please stop funding circumcision and male genital mutilation research in Africa and everywhere else? You wouldn't fund researching the "health benefits" of clitoral hood removal or other female genital mutilation research. Please?
Why doesn't @BillGates have a #NobelPrize Yet?
There's an unwelcome side effect that you may have missed that is causing major changes
@_claraanaya
They're cool 
We thank you for the job sir.
Great research
Hi! Instructor it's been a long time since we spoke to you. We have earned our duties and obligations with you in the selection. Where we assist in the population control aspect your operation. We wanted to have your blessings confirming our job status.
Thank you for all your work. You do so much when really you don't have to. When it comes to wealthy people most you don't hear about doing great for others, but you carry this heavy burden of the worlds and humanities issues it's amazing and I thank you
Great point Bill, thanks for taking the initiative!!!
Thanks for your efforts so far in making the world a better place for us all. Kind regards.
Super !
I wonder what is going to happen to those that now have medicines to help keep them alive far beyond their years of wanting to be here.  There aren't enough people or places for them to go to be cared for properly.  There are many that can not take their family members in.
Please many I'm very bad with money to help me with money 500 000 $ help me please do not kill me first send the money to the bank account bank of georgia 
beneficiary: RAZMAZISHVILI  ZURAB
Account: GE02BG0000000790808600

Meil: zrazmazishvili@gmail.com
This is because the hit men are working to cut down population , the Babylon system is a vampire they always sucking the blood of the sufferer .
A signal from evolution
I heard a fact/fiction? that if all of the people in the world were crowded back we would only take up 500 square miles. Most here in the USA live at home and commute to another building at work ect.. I heard 3rd world countries have a chance to leap-frog over our follies. How?
https://www.re-thinkingthefuture.com/article/materials-construction-techniques-fun/ …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fl7V5dX5IrM …
Mind blown. Wanting to make the world a better place, health was always up there in my list of things I want to have impact on, but never really a top priority. Going to have to re-evaluate that and read more on this.
Thank you for always being so positive. I only follow you and Trump on twitter. Amazing points of view.
