“Things can be both better and bad.” This is the heart of our foundation’s work. It’s bad that 5 million children die every year—but it’s better than it was, which is why I think it can keep improving.
“Give the system some credit.” It’s great to celebrate heroes (I do!). But there were heroes 1,000 years ago, and life was awful. Modernity—being able to flush the toilet and turn on the lights—is a miracle of systems plus heroes.
“Slow change is still change.” Extreme poverty has gone down by an average 2.5% per year in the last two decades. Over time, that adds up to a 50% drop.
I use this one all the time: “Big numbers always look big. Small numbers on their own are misleading… Always look for comparisons.”
I can’t recommend Factfulness highly enough. Hans and two family members wrote it at the end of his life, and it’s a wonderful summary of everything he stood for. Here’s my full review.
Thanks for the suggestion
Give us book on how make money, am tired of Reading anyhow book while am still broke,
Not sure this attitude will make you any money.
Even God said ask and it's shall be given.,,,I can't die in silent so am asking for help or u think am joking???????
If you chase money only, you will be destroyed badly. So  help others in goodness , money will come on your good work only. It is unbelievable but true.
Ok thank you for the recommendation 
Hey mum.. Thax for that.
Mum lol ? 
Hi mum
Does this book aid the skill of critical thinking?
احمد س
Thank you!
ilk kitabın yazarı kim
thanks Bill...Jesus love's you
Thank you. I’ll buy it - and that’s a nice beech table BTW.
Hello everyone am single and searching for the right woman
Okoin in
Inside Skid Row: America's Homelessness Capital | Direct From With ...
Video for direct from dena takruri, The Other Side of LA: Skid Row 8:24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTJWdtX90C0 …
It's false of the optimists to keep painting a pretty picture isn't it!?

Just as there...homelessness is rapidly growing in the UK too...

The current economic system works for the very few...not the many.
In my life, I’ve seen the death of Middle Class and something like 3 persons have more riches than most of the world’s population. Excessive riches is criminal when governments are more corrupt and police oppress the poor. Climate & environment also exterminating all vertebrae
Thanks really good information
Thanks Bill!

How many answers did you get right in the first quiz ? Just want a comparison, if you know what I mean !!!

Jagamantha Kutumbham Neadi.Yekaaki Jeavitham Naadi
Sir ,how would you read that much of books by spending very less time, as we spend lots of time in that and feeling bored about it.
I hope you just read the tweet and if possible give reply to the tweet.
Sir, we just want to know the journey of your life in your own words. Are you going to explore it for us please...With an autobiography 
What's that about?
THIS IS BOOK WHCIH MR. GATE LIKES TO READ IF YOU ARE TYCOON YOU NEED MORE TO READ TO ESCAPE THE ENEMY!!!
yes
Thank u for sharing your tips
https://paypal.me/pools/c/83mqnQxVBe …
Wwsw
Please read "Ishmael" by Daniel Quinn. Fast read that will refocus your philanthropic efforts.
Hi sir
Hi
Im Chosen Elephant @manuriosfdez
Excellent sir, it is said readers are leaders. Thanks for the recommendation
I wonder how most people think. How on earth u think uncle Bill Gates will have the time to give is contact. If u have an idea is on Twitter u want him send is contact to u. Try and develop ur idea ur selve
No man can give you tips on how to read, it's self development. Read a page of each chapters every day.
Most people want to be rich like my uncle Bill Gates. Can u take the risk or the sacrifices he had taken. The qualities I think my uncle Bill Gates has is,(1) determination(2) perseverance on what you passionately love doing, and be faithful to God.
Thank You.
is good lecture
Part of resonating with books that impart life skills and provide reasoning for our deepest thoughts, is the fact that it’s already known intuitively. These books are a salve of reassurance that we need to remind ourselves, in tangible form.
Good am happy to have you at my Twitter handle
Good reading. How can I access it?
Great minds always share knowledge not material. Thanks Mr Gates.
title shortened from “A Handy Guide for Faux Presidents”. Be cool to see an actual business leader in office some day.
Any tips on how to get rich like you?
Wow
Mr. Gates, am a 18 Years plus Small Business Owner , when you  Read I Read!
Ok
Gates really understand...
Need to get this book in Bolivia
Can you help me become rich by sending me some money by westhern union money transfer. Reciver name Daniel Niaka K reciever address P.O box 71 MADAMG. Contact+675 71573047
Country Papua new Guinea
Sounds definitely very interesting
Ahmed Adeline is a young lady of 34yrs,very smart,intelligent, good looking, honest,hard working, God fearing, very determined to work.above all a graduate with second class upper.wish to coordinate and assist to empower Africans if given me the opportunity.
thanks sir for the recomnendation
@BillGates Good day sir, I have been trying to reach you for sometime now, I want to plead with you, I have some business ideas worth millions of dollars. I just need your foundation to sponsor me with this ideas, I'll be glad to hear from you. Thanks.
Yhillpolk8
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
I liked "How to stop time" from @matthaig1 which I've read recently. Maybe even @PaulGAllen would like it? Life must be a bit boring if you can buy everything.
That's a good book.
Istnt it weird to be as rich as you are?
Rich of the word
I hope to translate it to the Arabic language
Thank you
You are so full of urself my friend. Not very gracious. Haha!
@BillGates Thank you for sharing. I will be sure to check this out.
Sir pls help me with some tips to become billionare in one stroke i m 45 old guy from india and not very successful pls give me some tips
Hey Bill can you post a pic of every page so I don’t have to buy it
Started listening to this on Audible. Awesome! Truth wins!
Great.
Welcome respacted sir
Very nice sir
I was just thinking the numbers can be misleading. Even tho poverty has "gone down". I would like to see how the poor feel about past 20 years. Not just the ones helped by Warren and bill but across spectrum
tnq sir
@greyced

Chào Bill.
I totally agree with you
Have heard you sir, will go search for it. @OpambourDeSage @BillGates
Good book sir
Thanks for sharing
Thanks for this book
Thanks for the recommendation. God bless you
With each [instinct], he offers practical advice about how to overcome our innate biases.
Just be happy with the small things, than one day big things will happen!
I hope to get a copy soon. Probably my next read
I like it...
Yes good
Thank you for the recommendation @BillGates.
I'm really tired to study books because I'm only still poor give us a way of how to become billionaire and not studying only
Celui que je préfères c'est  :
" donne a celui qui te demande "
Stop your aid to Nigeria, they are using the money to sponsor terrorism. Stop paying Government debt. We are becomibg wiser.
太棒了，谢谢您！皮尔盖茨先生！
You should read 'A case against Education' by @bryan_caplan. He is presenting really compelling arguments.
Hi I am very unhappy with verdict of salman khan he a super star and after  20 years they want to spoil his stardom I am praying for him to be free he is such nice human  I support him all  all fans of  support him he should be left free
Yes, i Wish i could make your acquiantance and work with you
Good morning great man of the nation pls help me am dying in silent am an satellite Engr
Tu dois être conscient que l'argent le statut n'auront aucune valeur l'heure venu que seuls les actes seront côté, il vaut mieux pendant que après avant l'heure car il sera trop tard, un résultat de bilan sera un jugement sera aucun pardon sera tel sera
Xao chu giau the
Thank you for sharing! I will sure give this a read.
Thanks for sharing this valuable book and hoping some more others   related  books also.
@BillGates
U inspired me a lot sir .dreaming to be like u someday.
Guide on how to spam side b
Your operating system may not be the best but you transform computer from a high class nd reachable lady to a cheap slave
In 2005, @StephenAtHome introduced the contrarian concept of truthiness. Don't buy into this. #truthiness #colbertnation
Ok
the glass of ice water, thank you
Hi.l would love to read it.sammy kenya.
Merci bcp pour votre recomendation.
Hi Hello Bill Gates
!!   Read A Book - " A Journey To 1000 Heavens " To Have A Rich And Royal Life Through Performing Some White Magical Rituals As Directed By Lord Krishna , Available On All The Top Sites Of The World For Only 2 Dollars , And For Only Rs120 In India    !!
@BillGates
Tôi chán Việt  Nam. Mọi thứ rối tung . Bế tắc
如果买的到#我也去看看
And you're one Hero the world will have a hard time forgetting.
Thank You Mr Bill
Sir your great reader.i request you please try to read holy Quran and holy Bible. I asure you will become really rich person of heaven.
Factfulness, ordered mine now
I want to be like you. Helping people. Good in the world 
thank you! appreciate it
Thanks for the insight on the book,it looks great
Hhffjijv oufzb mkjzzdh
Gandu
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Thanks sir
I meet prof Hans Rosling at Access bank conference. Great work and insightful. Thank Bill for sharing it because this will help us to think of the society and how we can create more opportunities to reduce poverty.
Good
Help mr Gates...help money $25.000 sending rekening BRI 450101022969539 name Muhammad Ahyani
Great
I love what you and your wife do. I I am an ex teacher in a position of not being able to able to do much. I am also met you when I was a corporate business woman years ago the y2k bug. I have never forgotten it. I good health
It is nice to have a chat with you from a man like you Thank you so much
Congratulent
Thank you for the information. Will try to find a copy.
Congratulation for ur service to the society
Thank you for a good book suggestion!!
Good tid bits. Makes me want to read it!

How to invension Ms?
Hans Rosling is brilliant. He not only brings important and meaningful statistics alive so they're understandable and useful, he's funny. The world has been diminished by his passing. His book is a wonderful legacy.
real?
Nice
thanks for suggesting
Прикольно. Хи-хи
Bill, how on earth do you read so much and so often? Can you please provide tips. Please and thank you.
See @BillGates guidance learnt from @WarrenBuffett on YouTube
Super .you are my motivation..thank u
I am Vietnamese, I like reading books too. Can you give me this book, please?
Besides， factfulness。。i think awareness is also important。。
Thank u sir..
Nice table
Thank you sir , I am intereste to read this
 book ,because I liked to look at the images rather than read!!.
Thanks Bill!
It sounds like the "How to Think" by Allen Jacobs.  That was insightful.  I will read Factfullness also. Thank you for sharing
Hello Mr Bill Gates, 
Thanks,
I have idea, how can I contact with you
There are so many good things there. I wish I don't have to sleep, but the fact is I like to sleep very much :) I feel very good after a quality sleeping. I think sleeping is a good way to heal. How many hours do you sleep each night?
Yeh,it's very a great guide to realize the quickly change world.We must read more new message to be suitable to the word.
Thank You for sharing, Sir!
Nnnnnnss;s,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.,,.,...,,,,,,,.,,,,,,,,,.,,.,,,.,,,,,..

Thank you for reinforcing the concept that optimism and realism are not mutually exclusive:)
Ordered it today.

Good mister Bill!!!
MrGates IWasTrying 2Do2Much=Walking Therapy So I Can Feel Overall Better=SetBack_IHope IGet 2Go2ReHabilitation W/In ADay Or So4Guidance_This Is What IFeel_But Maybe Not Absolute=Perspective_There Are SoManyThing...Im Going2Obey HE HasNotLeftMe Alone_ILoveYou
I ordered it today, Chief. I’ll let y’all you know .
Thanks
Thanks kindly, currently reading The Loving Push, it too is engaging and informative.
