When money flows into the hands of women who have the authority to use it, everything changes—for women, their families, and their communities. That’s why the @gatesfoundation is investing $170 million in helping women exercise their econom…
Well, next life. Perhaps.
yes sir it's truth  .education main key of that's .
Good word
@BillGates you've blown it...
Ive Thought About This & It's Best 2B Open & Upfront W/Every1 So If Some1 Hears Sees Suspicion RedFlag 2SpeakUp_We Need 2B Warned Because The Devil Is Angry Busy_ThinkAbout TheLast17_Lets Be Diligent WakeUp B4 It Become 1700|17,000+-_Good Will Conquer Evil
Women can participate if given permission by their husbands" said God.
Sure,some say to educate a woman,and her participation in the economy is to lift a generation,we are yet to learn in the Thirdworld!
Educate a woman you are educating a family.Yes U r indeed educating a generation!!
Ur idea is unstoppable sir..
I'm big fan u sir .!!
U r my inspiration..sir always
@melindagates Right sir.
Right
That's one hundred per cent right.
you're Right !
correct
His
Please I'm a woman. How do I receive my share?
I’ve done, now stuck can you give me a solution??
Great!
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
Great way to help the women in this country great job

 hi it's my first comments on Twitter 
Yes 1000% i am support
Can you help me
Women are the Fundamental part in everything. And they are to be equally empowered.
Hello brother keep it up and ,support this whom need help ,and God will Blesses you thank you brother ,Bill Gates , here is , Ronald Okiro. here from Mombasa Kenya, my e-mail address is (okiroronald@gmail.com )
i need money for my education can you help me sir
Save H4EAD, women will be out of job when this is revoked.. please do something to save
，What are you doing when you are young?
That is right
I've been a working since I was 13 years old.yes I think you are right about that.
i Have work at Pro-Jovem goverment programme for youths a lots young women pregnatince a younger age. very hard! this is shall be also effort their lose adolescent, the school and get fair away from reality of work force.mauriciopartyguy/atech.com
Great Bill!! It could even go far if you commit a few billions of you 91b$ on far reaching programs to make people more productive and self sustaining. They can payback with enormous gratitude and also help you surpass in Billionaire’s race.
Yes hon BG. Women touches every sector
Really
This is so true every woman got a thought on this one come woman one no cries
Amazingly generous.  Bravo to you 
That’s really great 
It also helps men improve their understanding of why it’s important to the world for women to be recognized as true .economic partners.
For this country to be the best it can be, we need everyone involved. To this end, women need to be educated, empowered, and in charge of their own destiny!
we've been doing it forever :)!
True
Everyone. So TY @gatesfoundation for the investment in all of us. #investinwomen
Finally...
Thank you for working hard to spread awareness with @melindagates
True
Dear bill abundance for all and blessings for all we know they have the cures we know they have the healing patents and healing technolgies to help improve the quality of life of humanity and save lives #ReleaseTheCures #releasethetechnologies
İm pleased you indicated women make a difference. Because un history women have made a difference. Enjoy your day
Will you and @billgates please run for president??
In Africa and specifically in Ghana one of illustrious fathers made a prominent statement . If you educate a man you educate and individual but if you educate a woman you educate a nation. A clarion call indeed.
I can't stop to say thanks for your support to help many families in the word. Your P4P program was successful in my country Mali.
Whom are you gonna hand over the money? If it’s Indian government then forget it, you’re not really helping the needy.
Very true. But in Africa proper monitoring should be put in place.
The Gates are the direct opposite of Trump.  Trump does not give a penny away.  
In fact he likes to promise and does not deliver.
WORLD shall be a much better place to live if all the authorities are governed by Womens. Only they know how to LOVE, how to CARE, What it's actually to be a MOTHER.
No other words required for them.

Even, the safest place to save the money atleast in INDIA is not the BANK but..
Vous êtes sûrs de vos propos ?
Yes, so true! Lets not forget that 51% of the worlds population are women. By educating and empowering women in third world countries, is the most effective way to reduce poverty.
So true
I outrighrly  agree with you.
My wife would like to exercise her economic power. Where should you send the check?
The Nobel Peace Prize is overdue for you two!
Slay Queens in Nigeria believe it's a man's duty to provide.
You are bulldhit liars. All you care about is exploiting for your benefit and make it look like a good deed. You are all about capitalizing the poor In Africa and India and everywhere. Sick billionaires who think they are God hahaha.
@melindagates You and Bill are evil. This is what happens when a young doctor makes a discovery that really heals...
Who and the pharmaceutical industry intervene, block everything and poison you!
https://m.facebook.com/barbara.michaelsenmandeng/posts/10215391627046582 …
let make it awesome
Educate a woman &_the whole village gets educated. Their capacity to stretch out knowledge is awesome & indefatigable.
@melindagates
I want become like You
Hoooooow?
You're right @franco
Everyone wins when everyone & anyone can contribute in any idea - that's networking and learning...the basis of machine learning, deep neural networks & AI
Bonjour à vous .je ne sais quoi vous dire mais je voudrais un jour vous rencontrer pour que vous puissiez m'expliquer "comment réussir ici bas "
Exactly
Congratulations to Bill Gates foundation. Financial empowerment to women brings innumerable and immeasurable changes, especially in India. Dr Ambedkar laid the foundation for such a change in early 1950s, which was defeated by the creams of the society.
If women want to get off their ass they have always been able to participate in the economy. Who is stopping them?
haye bill sir i hope to bill milinda gates foundation and very good work so i very respect you
I think if your intervention can also consider making it fashionable for Women to be in leadership positions at community enterprise level and not only at Corporate level, it could change the perceptions of a younger female generation.
Sir I am working as fitter for past 17 years but our income is less I get salary 6000 RS what should I do to get more income.
Asian wives usually manage the household Finances, hence it totals up to a huge national savings. Chairman Mao Zedong praised that women shoulder up half the sky.
right
Women are the multiplication of the earth. Whatever a woman holds it multiplies.
Everyone benefits when Bill Gates let's computer recyclers recycle. https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/true-crime/wp/2018/02/15/eric-lundgren-e-waste-recycling-innovator-faces-prison-for-trying-to-extend-lifespan-of-pcs/ …
#sscscam
God bless the Gate family changing lives globally. Someday, I believe The Hippolyte Foundation can partner with you on some of our projects in poor communities in Nigeria.
I agree. I think the stereotypical role of men as the “provider” must also be confronted along with the usual male ego, insecurity, low self esteem, etc.
Yes is true
Even if they're using cryptocurrency ;)
Yes, everyone does benefit when women exercise their natural power to lead.
@melindagates women's are very
This is a true fact that many of the governments and societies insist to believe.
Women have a great deal of compassion , the world needs more of that in power 
Go women!!!
Mam i want to start a business help me pls
Exactly!
Benimle neden konuşmuyorsunuz
Mrb
Hey @BillGates I have about 15K in student debt, would you mind helping out so I can fully participate in the economy and not collection agencies pockets?
Spends student loan on a European vacation.

Then cries about collection agencies doing their job. 
MORE POWER TO THE WOMAN!
Bill u come to islam?
Sir hats Off
make a difference!
Good morning
You have NO SHAME BITCH!!!!! You have been injecting these poor people with deadly vaccines!!!!! Is that what you are referring to??? Or spraying our skies with poison as you criminal husband is a part of!!! Vaccines, GMOs and aerosol spraying is the name of climate engineering
Please Dear Sir
Help me for some finance to paid off my liablities.
@melindagates
Hi Bill, you are right...Thanks
we are indian women and we established education foundation in rural area .can your foundation help us .
Right sir
Hmm
Ur totally right Sir
#grassrootswomaninAmerica              #fullparticipationforallwomen                        #helpAmericanpoorwomen
When women work Everybody benefits except their children. You have been undermining the family and poor people for years. Stick to computers. The greatest thing a woman can do is be a mother unless she wants to deny her biological identity.
God bless you for the world
It's a absolutely right
wonderful.  Woman  Power
Recently I had an opportunity to interact with a person who coordinates about 1000+ NGOs in Tamilnadu/India. Keeps a readyreckoner which are working very hard to educate,empower and get employment to women.When such people are seen we get fresh energy to go ahead.
Certainly!
When a woman gets money and good education she creates a good family. Good families are bedrocks to mitigate evils of terrorism lock stock and barrel.
I agree
@melindagates
Also when she gains the education she creates a good family AND good family is the bedrock of good,healthy strong society which can motivate evils as terrorism lock stock and barrel.
@TwitterSupport Sometimes words supplied in the three slots convey opposites of words typed while reply sent. This is a bit unfriendly to the user. Secondly 'delete tweet' facilityissimg now
@BillGates @satyanadella Why you guys can't lower the price of MS Windows in India. Don't you think high price leads to piracy and piracy is corruption?
Our Lord saves your children. Help me in order to live with me and my children please Bill
We would love to work with you to help empower women in western Uganda.
@melindagates @billgates Why not any NGO or trust to help educated jobless youth in country like India?
Hi Bill I am Egyptian and unable to work I happened to happen in the back column and I want to help me to work a small project to live with me and my children possible assistant
If you wanted disenfranchised and the poor to participate in the economy, especially women, you shouldn't have brushed off bitcoin the way you did.  The irony is uncanny.
deja de ayudar gente en india y ayuda a mi mami.
No disrespect intended, but I'd like you to edit what you wrote above and swap the word "can" with the word "do" 
Please visit our YouTube channel .we make awesome gameplay and other tech videos. We do not make any fake videos.thank you.
Good theory
Hope all can think alike . Thank you
Absolutely. Economic independence not only helps the organization or the nation but it also helps individual woman lead a better life.
#Microsoft still refuses my right for my £699 refund.
Microsoft response to the law regarding my #ConseumerRights is that they aren't going to talk about it so I can do what they want regardless of what they are.
THANK YOU
I use KIVA loans to support women-run businesses.
Yup! Men and women should try as hard as they can to have as much money as possible! That way daycare can raise their children! Women empowerment!!
Great!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
Correct ! When Women earn money, most of that goes behind family !
They have always participated they do all the shopping
@melindagates exactly
Dear Bill Gates this is greatest service for women thank you for your great service 
Humanity 

That is so wonderful and I think it’s important that is women can begin to get more recognition than ever before. I work so hard and have my Master’s and can’t seem to get the good paying job. One luv
Truely, identification of women's power with inclusiveness can bring the peace  n welfare around the world..All the best for you guys.much luv.
Great
Great sir
Spot on Sir.  Thank you for your Service above Self.  Love the projects we do serve others.  Sandra
New #binance pump group! Make quick #money by boosting the #exchange! Join our #Discord now! We will not start pumping til we reach 2k+ members in this group.

Weekly Lotto drawing as well! Join now while its still free!
https://discord.gg/A8WZbxC 
Let “ME” at B.A.S.E.(YE) show U why the company deserves a $1,000,000,000 billion dollar revolutionary investment in our charity program! 
i am a former financial risk underwriter put out of work by automation and our current administration.  Now I am a fledgling entrepreneur.  How can I gain access to grants for a service based company through your wife's efforts?
Mr. Gates, I was watching an interview of yours talking about your father suffering from Alzheimer's. I was so shocked to hear Mr. Gates Sr. was sick with Alzheimer's. He employed me when I left the Court system at his 7th/Figueroa St office in LA. He was a great boss and person.
He brought out the best in us. I will always remember him as that person. BTW, I always joked that lawyers will never get Alzheimer's because of the amount of reading they do. How wrong was I. Hoping we find a cure for this horrible disease.Thank you for your philanthropic work.
Lol....
Thanks you for sharing @BillGates! .@alliantgroup @Dhavaljadav02 OVER 60% OF OUR TEAM MEMBERS OUR WOMEN - THEY ARE LEADING THE WAY IN HELPING US BUSINESSES CLAIM IMPORTANT TAX INCENTIVES, ADD STEM JOBS TO OUR ECONOMY AND OUR INVESTING AND GROWING OUR BRIGHTEST MINDS!!!
@jordanbpeterson what do you think about this? Could it be that at certain socio-economic levels the benefits are greater and as the level goes up it gets more complicated?
What about men?
I salute you sir. Non stop helping to others. I'm so happy if the richest people like you share the blessings to the poor needs and make them happy a lot. Is that a big love for me sir. May the Lord God bless you always and your family
@tasneem_qaruty
