Kill the mosquitoes with ddt!
I have never been so confidence that a scourge that devastated generations of Africans has a met a real combant in Bill and Melinda Gates. So Long malaria. #MalariaMustDie
Very good
U.S. Citizens need treatment for mycoplasma fermentans (incognitus) before this country simply falls completely apart. Help!
Truly inspiring
Malaria would have been gone a long time ago if it wasn't for liberals who banned DDT.
DDT was banned in the U.S. No malaria then, none since. DDT was NEVER BANNED from Africa or Asia -- but it quit working. 

Conservatives who don't know any better, and cut malaria-fighting funds out of spite against "liberals," kill thousands.
DDT was banned world wide check your facts
The hoax claim that DDT was banned worldwide started about 2000. Untrue then, untrue now.  See this history by Dr. Quiggin.
Thank you Sir for the good work you do.

Hii
Hello
In Sha Allaah
It is funny how i was reading about malaria and global health this whole week and this tweet is indeed a plus to my enthusiasm to study global health!
@jordanbpeterson with poverty rising the correlation of disease will see polio coming back since sanitation is issue not vaccine
Thank you for this commitment to fight malaria to stand still! 
Congratulations for your thinking about destroy the maleriya.............good bless you for sucess
Congratulations sir...keep doing
Has anyone researched into #Progress #Innovation #development causing #climatechange #extremeweather #flooding #runoff = the need for more "SUDS" "wetlands" Ideal habitat for mosquito populations in GB.
Mr Gates it is heart warming to see one from the developed world having an interest in a predominant 3rd World problem. Yes, Malaria can be eradicated!

I’m also optimistic that this disease is one that can be eradicated. Thank you for the work that you do!
Are you as optimistic about ending routine infant genital mutilation? 
I really hope so.
#EndGM #EndFGM #i2
Concentrate on CANCER.
DDT
Please help with NUCLEAR DISARMAMENT to let all this last! 
It's great idea, it will save millions of people lifes , you have added one more good cause in your work for this world. Great work sir.
How's the depopulation agenda going?
@jordanbpeterson Gates pushes population REDUCTION by pushing forced vaccines!
It worries me that, malaria may not be the only thing the vaccine is attacking.
That's great as long as your foundation has a plan to feed them too.
This is wonderful.
If we weren't wasting $$ trillions trying to regulate an invisible gas essential to life in the Name of Global warming we could be solving REAL problems that affect people lives on a daily basis.
They would be much further along in this process if they could spray for bugs.
Suggestion for research to found a cure for highly dangerous disease: Leftist thinking.
Someone will bring it back from their lab storage
Thanks, many saved with DDT
What happened to you wanting the world population REDUCED? Wouldn’t trust you with a needle.
@BillGates no one wants your help. You've caused the death of thousands with your "vaccines" you should be in jail for your crimes against humanity!  Have you taken your polio vaccine?
yea, as i recently learned your lifetime may not be s long as you think,,
best wishes though for a long, long  life
Aloha
DDT
Trumps cut backs on the CDC and the witjdrawing of CDC from many countries can't ultimately assist in this. Please step up with Steyers and help us ALL. The USA and the world need poeple like you to come to the fore front more than ever now!
BRING BACK DDT U DOPE & IT'LL BE GONE IN 2 MINUTES

We appreciate the time and cost you spend to fight Malaria in Africa! We need more awereness to fight
Hey Bill I have the Xbox One I’m trying to play Forza Horizon 3 and it’s not working fix it or you lose a bunch of customers
@BillGates we will like to invite you as keynote speaker for the Federation of African Medical Students’ Associations General Assembly with the theme: Repositioning Healthcare in Africa for Sustainable Development. Where can we send further details?
well

God always fulfill best cause for humanity
That will likely happen before we truly have universal health care in the USA
Great thinking about malaria
What does it take to end leprosy  EH ?
I had malaria as a child growing up in East-Africa, and it was a harrowing time being sick. Then I took quinine to get better. Many, many thanks for your philanthropic work to make this world a better place.
Very nice initiative Sir.
Oo
Yes with your help it will as your efforts with Rotary have proven on polio nearly gone. Well done you YiR
https://imgur.com/gallery/dTGysR9 
https://www.businessinsider.com.au/facebook-bans-bitcoin-cryptocurrency-ico-ads-2018-1?r=UK&IR=T …
I hope it doesn't come in vaccination form, or we'll hear no end of stupidity countering it.
Wow really??
Guinea Disease is closer thanks to #JimmyCarter and @CarterCenter
I need your help to move forward
Millions thanks to your service on malaria prevention Mr. Bill Gates
Thank you for helping to make this world a better place!
let us know more in details
Wow, it is the best.
That's a good gesture Gates. However, we also need to create a mindset that is abreast to your quest amongst our leaders in Africa.
I am going to end it one way or another...
)l
You are an amazing human being. @cryptocelebs would be honored make a donation in your name to a charity of your choice.  People are trading your token on our platform for $35,333.43. In order for us to make the donation, please verify your contract here: https://cryptocelebrities.co/verification 
My email Address is ( qeto.kadavu@gmail. Com )
Prayer is are powerful things u can command and tell them u have no place in my bady is the body of Christ in Jesus name amen.
Not only malaria it should be about conserving nature , that previously was saving us from these drastic diseases. Actually, diabetic patients are rising due to decrease in number of excavangers like vulture, who could digest bacteria resulting in lower number of mutated bacteria
Mong sao sớm chấm dứt được căn bệnh này cho nhân loại, vì tôi đã từng bị giai đẳng gần 10 năm. Nay thì đã khỏi.
SIR YOU ARE RIGHT , AND TAKING INTO CONSIDERATION ALL THE NECESSARY THINGS  - END TO THIS DANGAROUS DISEASE IS POSSIBLE . THANK YOU SIR
Many dislike President George W. Bush but he has done a lot for fighting malaria in Africa
Contact @JenJoburg im sure with your funds she can find the cure
Please put some of  that genius intellect to help Puerto Rico het back on its feet our fellow Americans need it anything u can do
Great work, God bless you!
Hope I will have a chance to meet you in my lifetime. Keep fighting a good fight
Nice job
Sir I really salute you and also your aims. You have such a geat nation building inspiration. My best wishes are with you sir. God bless you!
what will never end is corruption if people like you keep asking to free Milagro Sala.#dissapointed #shouldbebetterinformed
Do it bill it's your baby and legend
y
Thank you Mr. Gates and hopefully other serious diseases
Thank you for the work you do in this space, Mr. Gates. As a person born in the Democratic Republic of Congo, I know the devastating effects of Malaria and good people like you working towards eradicating it will/has made a huge difference in the lives of many.
God bless you...
thanks for your leadership
Que me inporta ese man
Hope
Great idea, go ahead you will get good reward.
That's a good plan  will more blessings come your way  that's gonna save millions of lives
That would be great! Homelessness next? Gang Stalking Next?
Indeed Humility is Proud of you, Life is better if we look out for each other... Posterity will hear your name and your good works.....
#I,for 40 years,have watched my poor patients brave its effects.sad,no govt has it as a priority .
Is indeed a a killer disease
@robbritt All it takes is a definable goal, and a lot of money...and of course, the buy in of those "clients" and "countries" in the demonstration projects!
You are awesome!
Such an improvement
Such an imprlvement
Great work ..Thanks for making this world a better place
it will be great news to everyone its pandemic and affects the whole world it has killed many compared to HIV
Malaria will not end in your lifetime because the mosquito will live for ever.  But I have discovered my own prevention for malaria which has worked for me since 2005 --the last time I got malaria.
where it is?

@POTUS Trump is the new Constantine, as him, he took up the cause of Christianity and won! With mutual benefit and for the blessing of all the American people!…
Mr. Gates, I will keep on being persistent with you. I will continue to have an optimistic mind that you will help me on my campaign. I'm optimistic because I'm inspired by the kind of person I will be after I get my education at Edinburgh University.

https://gogetfunding.com/InternationalFoundationProgrammeAndLawdegree/ …
Thank you 
maybe if we "do a really good job with vaccines" we can reduce the population. What a horrible thing to say. Why do you want "do a good job with vaccines" and reduce the population? Because you are a sick control-freak maybe?
NICE ONE SIR
I want to be an International brand like you. I will be extremely glad if I can be your staff here in Nigeria
Sir I want to be a part of your team. Am in Nigeria, will love to be your Representative here in Bayelsa Nigeria.
It Is possible but not with current tools and health systems -definitely need new tools and but even today no country with a well organised equitable health system has a significant malaria burden
This has been my biggest issue. We really are determined but the road ahead is rather rough than we can possibly guess/take. With radical changes, YES!
Thanks for your faith in the humanity, great news  @BillGates
It will be great achievement!!
Thank you sir
How will that happen when all our leaders take money and bank it outside while we die in abject poverty?
ending poverty will end malaria. people will be able to afford the treatment needed.

bless you bill you are a kind person
Malaria control has been touted as the greatest public health success

A “rebound” can make the situation even worse than before control efforts, because people lose the partial immunity acquired through repeated exposure to malaria.

Public awareness & actiion is only solutiion
来中国找中医可治愈！
With regard to what you said, After have finished malaria You should Consider the typod Diseases here in Nigeria And Africa Continent.
What do I tell you sir, you don't talk to vaccine skeptics or millions of angry moms and surround yourself with sycophants and employees who tell you what you want to hear.
I do hope you succeed this time because most of your wealth and life have been wasted pushing fake vaccines for which you are about to get a crude reality check within your lifetime. Millions of babies have been killed and crippled due to vaccines and people will soon get back.
Excellent

Good news! I hope to see the same for Lyme disease as well!!
That’s a very different challenge to malaria #Lyme is a vector-borne zoonosis with animal reservoir.
Gates Foundation, World Health and Rotary International have helped virtually eradicate polio world wide. Wonderful achievement
i leave in malaria zone and will be among the happiest people
Hm
there are many natural treatments better than any big pharma poison; #Health
Amazing! 
Great optimism.  Is Africa included in this thought?
Really Amazing Work Sir..
I'm admirer you welfare campaign.opposing to the malaria.
I salute for your thoughts and deeds.
God bless you sir
Sure,
U are such an inspiration
Good news. And thank you for your envolvement in this.
There a fantastic herb artemisia that is working wonder against malaria. What do you think of it??
Welldone sir.
Amen...........
Bill Gates you a hero u give so much I am from South Africa
and with God everything is possible
I would like to see an end to cancer. I am tired of attending funerals. Children dying of cancer.
Thanks for following me too.
God will make you achieve it.
I appreciate you.
#NoFlyZone4Afrin
Good, God bless you Bill Gate you a  genius with a good mind for Africans
Adequate sensitization is mostly need, especially in rural Areas of Africa, places far off reach to clinics uses herbs to sustain their lives from malaria, as they turn treated nets into fishing nets...
Knowledge is power
More dangerous than malaria is ignorance in the hearts of people who do tremendous harm to others. Why do you not do anything to increase wisdom and decrease ignorance in the hearts of people of this cruel planet?
盖茨好样的！
This generation should end malaria & polio!
Thank you for taking valuable venture.
I'm confident I will be the one to end Malaria in Africa with my knowledge...
MAP (funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation) is proud to be part of this fight.
Yes sir 50% of ur employee is from India so u must congratulate or wish them just saying "Happy Republic Day" #RepublicDay #Indians
This is what a real billionaire does.  Not someone pretending to be. Thank you for all you and your foundation does for humanity.
Healthy lifestyle and using food rich in antioxidantsome may help in preventing malaria.
Yes and I believe that will be a Portuguese one of the main responsible for that. Because XXI Century, is http://ours.lol 
Abe 1050ti de na parcel karke ....garib hu re
Mr GATES thanks a lot for all what you do. Sure we can eradicate malaria.
One dose treatments ?! That would be stuff of legend if you can pull it off 
The hope is always there
Good words of hope from a great man with a good heart.

Hi sir ji
weldon sir may God reward you with the highest rewards
We do love you man, keep making progress
That's  nice
Thanks so much
É o anseio de todos nós, que um dia consigamos combater esta maldita malária. ...
Nice brother bill

But aren’t you spraying DDT in Africans homes? Gotta love your ted talks 
How do I write to you? Could some one send me details. Thankyou.
You are an epic rock star!

Appreciating you as a role model. Thanks for tweeting.
You are one of the most admirable men i have ever seen in action.
Why dosen't this video account for drug and insecticide resistance ? The results willl be skewed by adding these factors 3 to 6 years down the road
I am listening.
