Mr Gates, you really need to read Single-Minded My Life in Business by Mr Claude Littner @claudelittner it is very inspirational and motivational book. You will love it! The book brings people together. 
دوست دارم ببینمتون از نزدیک
How are you
Hello precious gift amazing wonderful good great kindhearted friendly humble GODLY intellectual intelligence Bill Gates hope you realized most of our precious gift amazing wonderful families friends left South Africa
Pls do have a job for me thanks so much your precious gift amazing wonderful English Jewish lady friend Sharon Elizabeth Ottery Cape South Africa
Sir ji please help me... please sir.. 9582178728
Wow myself like love admire you dearly Bill Gates,not like lady& guy gentleman & like good great friends,you are so amazing wonderful kindhearted thanks so much your precious gift amazing wonderful friend lady Sharon Elizabeth Ottery Cape Town
Hello, precious gift amazing talented wonderful blessed good great handsome gentleman Bill Gates, hope you sleep late& eat desert,we only precious gifts amazing human not robots OK your precious gift amazing wonderful lady friend Sharon Elizabeth Ottery Cape Town South Africa
Thank you for the recommendation! @HansRosling's book made @gijn's Top 10 #ddj April 2-8 list and we featured your tweet too! https://gijn.org/2018/04/12/weeks-data-journalism-top-10-rios-militias-occrps-database-brexits-brits/ …
Well thanks.. the clean heart man...
Hello, precious gift amazing wonderful good great Bill Gates i hope you realized what's happening here in South Africa
Sir ji please help me... please sir....9582178728
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Yes the world will be better if each person read the facts book 
Nice
Gm
Wis Life like u
RAEFAEL Reading Room, Silomlom-Indonesia need that educated books, How  can I accessed that book to completed my colection books?
wasabato  kwaya
vidyo
Real news!

fantastic
Thanks for sharing your reading material it makes a difference on those who listen.namaste
Bro I love how he adds The four tries, instead for two or three. It really opens up your mind and tells you something. @BillGates you inspire me to do great things!
#abra
Great
I LOVE Bill Gates 
i'm biggest fan of bill gates
Can i have some money
I'm raising money for Real estate license. Click to Donate:  https://www.gofundme.com/dvbjme-real-estate-license?pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-152312366324-8ec5c9a096bd4e17 … via @gofundme
Praise God sir! am Victor odiwuor from Kenya but i need your help sir.
Only If I Had @BillGates For The Music Video :)
[] #6YearWithEXO
Sir
I salute you to my hearts
Sounds interesting.  I'll get a copy
The average person isn’t getting wealthier. Not the majority anyway. It’s because of the lack of ambition in this country. Has nothing to do with cultural patterns. Though I must say, some of this was useful for teaching. Thanks for the post!
thanx
Congratulation
After the book Sir
Amazing
Facebook is bashing, is gatesnotes in peace? why?
Evening.i want to ask you a question.are you become a Muslim
Bill help me please god let bill see this
Mr gates u have tons of money. Can't you change the world to make it better? Billions of People are still very poor, don't have healthcare, or even food. Do everything if u can.
958590
Everything is OK and is developing until there is war.
                                                                                           Infinite gratitude
I saw this YouTube video of Hans Rosling about the same topic and it's quite reassuring to know that the world is progressing in the right direction. Compellingly told.
i write 3 poembooks called moment/opname cortex/vortex living/life and i ll do performanses in the centre of rotterdam in the netherlands it s a hobby of mine
Nice sir @BillGates
sir I really glade you to your tweets...
@bballbrill
Lets book club it. Think you could finish it by the end of April? Lets talk first weekend in May
hmm probably not, still got 400 pages of The Stand left. Will set it as my next thing though. You reading anything good these days?
Nice. Can I borrow after? I am in between books right now so the B Gates recommendation came at a good time. I’m going to get a library card tomorrow
Yea for sure. And having fun isn't hard when you got a library card
#PURPLELOVEKINGBILL7 – at Lafayette Bay, Lake Minnetonka
Yea
Wow. Now Nihilistic, Affirmation and Practice. It's Zenn!  Thank you Bill.
Nice book
Very good sir
Hai
If I was you I wudda been a reasonably successful gate manufacturer.
You shudda tried harder Bill.
Hi
I fully agree. And Hans is missed very much!
hello bill gates it will be a beautiful good dat
I ll will live happy satesvited and whit good warm feelings
I ll wish you the
Right now, our province (Sarangani Philippines region 12) is dealing with our 4,429 enlisted underweights and thinking of a complimentary feeding manufacturing equipment that can soon be an income generating for empoverished families with malnourished children.
How do you live with yourself? Turning your back on innocent, helpless children!
Respected sir.gates Myself Tushar Patil frm Mumbai.M not earning money bt we still Running a NGO for poor children and their families bt we specially start our NGO fr poor childrens educational needs bt we not hav money and more support to run that's y we request u to support us
Bill I think you've read thousands of books so far, please read #Quran, it contains a fortune of knowledge.
Let me know your reflection.
The world now in this monment is better than it had ever been.
Thanks, Bill! Excellent book tip! At this moment, I feel like an ignorant. Let's continue this reading.


...and quality of life is another issue.
Please give me your blessing on this new year to get the opportunity to fully change the World.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.

Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources 

....to solving society's problems..... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.

Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
You don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.

Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
6- I have great respect for all religions

I belong to Software Industry..working in one of the top S/W company for the last 13 yrs...want to contribute in this social Service.
4-Pre marital Sex - I have never gone for this either Pre or Post(extramarital).

5-Absence of money awareness- I don't LIKE to take anyone's favor including my parents.
You might be interested to know about Why I am suitable person to Write, Act & Direct your Movie.

1-Smoking -I have never smoked
2-Alcoholism - I have never drunk
3-Drug -- I have never taken
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
2-Alcoholism & Pornography -- Answer--"For relaxation" & Pleasure
3-Drug -- Answer-- For relaxation, lifing up mood & Pleasure
4-Pre marital Sex- Marriage problems & Divorce
5-Absence of money awareness-Demand their parent..because of bad/rich friends
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Our Movie will handle this "DATING" (a serious disease for our society, mainly for our young generation) in perfect manner.

What about glorifying Courting (Courtship).... with high moral value..in our Movie ? ....Please provide your Input.
Women & children normally suffer the most after a divorce, both in terms of quality of life and emotional well-being.

What is the REASON behind this...... "DATING"..... having relationships before marriage...in the name of Freedom......Simple..
The median length for a marriage in the U.S. today is 11 years with 90% of all divorces being settled out of court.

With these DATA.........Please think about KIDS's.
between 40% and 60% of new marriages will eventually end in divorce. 

The probability within... the first five years is 20%, and the probability of its ending within the first 10 years is 33%.
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace.......will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago.....
Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.

After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
You have 45.4M followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD ... even FILTER can't stop....will try

Please tell me if I am wrong for having a dream of a movie produced by you to show the right direction to our young generation.
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" .I want to contribute in this social service.

Brother,I hope you will produce one unique movie to show the right direction to our Young generation.Very real & Simple.......  no Fiction
I am IT professional.With God's grace & your help, I can Write, Act & Direct such Movie.Please think in different way of Social Service.

This unique Movie will make Huge profit as well as contribute PEACE to world and brotherhood.Please discuss this in BOD Meeting.
You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter these issues is pending from your side.

Movies show BIG impact on society, Please plan the production of such movie for welfare of our young generation.
Having Multiple relationship, Excessive Drinks with Criminal Mind, Disrespect for Marriage, etc.  ....all in the name of Freedom.

Donation for AIDS should also consider to counter these Social Disease.
Wishing you and your family a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year 2018.

Good Evening Brother, Now a days High moral standards are totally missing in Our Movies & reducing rapidly in our society.
Bill GATS m
我们爱党爱国，看到您，我想到了中国钱旺集团的黑科技，可惜被南京政府黑吃了，有时候想想:天理何在？良知何在？恳请全世界的正义之士与良知媒体关注中国江苏南京“钱宝”案，真正的千古冤案啊！
Morng
Hey Bill? Can I borrow $20? Please?
Fine!
A brilliant man with a hugely important voice. I was so sad when he passed away.
谢谢有您这样伟大的企业家，为人类做出贡献。
Thank you for having such a great entrepreneur as your contribution to mankind.
like u
Tell them the horrors u want to unleash on innocent Nigerians in the name of bill/Melinda gates foundation
Thanks for promoting this book. Rosling was a great and insightful man.
Reading that next 
Facts
Bill gate can you follow me please
Really?
Would like to read
Help the PSJA Memorial Theatre raise $2000 Donate here: http://app.snap-raise.com/fundraisers/psja-memorial-theatre-2017/participant/1436306?share_type=sms … pls Bill you're a charitable man. You'll get free tickets to our next show if you're ever in the rio grande valley!
love u sir
Nice Book sir.
Could you please reply, coz I'm biggest fan of you 
I am najam from pakistan one incident my spinal cord injured here in Pakistan no any treatment available here or any such rehabilitation program here.
Sir I am on bed my lower half not working treatment available but out my rech help me
My no.±92-3369260777
You are my inspiration sir @BillGates
good one.
Most important  Book is Holy Quran.
On my MUST READ list <3
Bought it. Thanks Bill.
Ando limpio bill
I need help please please please
@BillGates After your such a great recommendation, I have great urge to read the book and own a hard copy of the book #Factfulness by late #HansRosling. Please let me know where I can get this book in #Kolkata or #India.
nice book to read
Wooooow
So "educational". But it is not the best choice of the kid educational book!
Very nice sir
Good
Mr. Gates if you follow me on Twitter, you can let me know about all the books I should be reading. Just saying
It's  wonderful.
Good summery .. interesting to read.. thank you sir ...
Love the four idea level
Nice  sir Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40  lac rupee in gambling please help me
That’s awesome 
