I also recommend paulo coelho book the alchemist and other book called aleph
World will definitely change sir until people like you are working for it..
May Allah bless all of you.

Ameen!
It will for the better.

y.
Certainly an important element in my success.
...emotionally life in world may look bad. but rationally life in world is much better, 

...yes, ''It's Better Than It Looks.''
⚘⚘⚘Highly ADORABLE
May be at times, we have to Re-EXPLORE, Re-ANALYSED, Re-THINK humanely weaknesses just like every other HUMAN as till now nobody in the EARTH is LIBERATED or achieved DIVINITY. 
HUMAN'S DESIRE FOR MORE &  MORE & MORE may LEAVE SOME ONE WITH LESS & LESS
Yes bill, you will do a great job for everyone being a USA president,, not the BS we have
Joke:.  Pesimists are the most optimistic people you will ever meet.  They always look forward to things going wrong.

Oh hii guys I'm @BillGates , I have a picture of gates notes on my profile banner picture so that people think I'm such a nice guy & that I help sooooo many people. ohh yeah. Do you even look at your net worth? Pablo is way better than you @BillGates , way better!
An optimist is a strong body who never gives up, never cry on things even when the situations try to kill them, they fight back till the last breathe.
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
Bill, go back to work. A vision for Microsoft Universal Control Systems. Beneath Aus. desert; artesian water; above endless sunshine. Brine concentrator; demin. plant; pure water; electrolysis makes H2 & O2. Store energy to make Al. Driverless trains im. bauxite ex.  Al.
Right
Yes sir
Big ups to that statement... 
I'll keep it in my books but my mind first
Better. BEST. Gate do you know me
world needs person like you @BillGates
Pa 
why you always add more useless people in your friends following 
delete that man Mohammad Al-Maktom Dubai leader his daughter gave a lesson to how be a bad father you can find the story on the dailymail for latifa Al-maktom
delete him
Revealation5:6-6:11 When Awoke Earlier IWasnt Thinking Clear_Recall IWant 2Stay Away From NegativeFeed(s)_Ok Going 2StepAway & Try & Stay away From...IKnow $Mr|Ms$Lawerence$Nicole$Joy$Chuckled Has 2Make ALiving_IC The PoliticalCorruption_IMustStayAway
Hello. I admire you so much. Your advice is very motivating to me  I from to Vietnamese. Your slight glance at my message was a blessing. 
 Bill Gates dear...
Im not ghettoI hang out with bunch of white folks from springs and Dora's and Miami Beach bunch former white supremacy friends
Bill I'm dating a supermodel start being there for your son more frequently
Dear Bill, thank you so much for your reply (via your legal representative) optimism, justice pays, I really appreciated. Microsoft was right indeed, exactly as I told. Wish me good luck still, it wont be simple, I hope indeed also to be able to contribute for your Foundation.
I’m a optimistic positive person even through the worst times, I want to tell you how I want your help in changing the life’s of children leaving a lifetime in care, moving into independent living at 17. 
Giving them there own small home, social enterprise, non profit. 
Take care
How about you change everything and run for president in 2020?
That would be wonderful
I offer you a job
search my 10 programmer the Web
the company that we the Web do
Web which I need to do is so consuming from I need a very good programmer
mooning Bill
You are complacent as you aid Nigerian elites to steal from its people. They treat our national treasury as their personal piggy bank. While Britain is trying to turn round its reputation as a haven for ill-gotten gains ... -
I need financial help for the difficult and harsh conditions. Please write to me
Your not bill gates

Being an optimist just means getting really, really, really good at fooling yourself. Practice paranoia and live longer.
Very good defenition.
I am pessimist, I am looking only how to improve my life and live at least a little as other in my society, but I fail even in that. Looks I am worst in whole country. And this fucking shadow ban in Twitter. I am collect stupid coincidens.
僕は、”認めて貰うきっかけ？価値が在ると云うサイン・ことば？を待ち続けている”のでしょう。
「世界をより良くする方法を常に探している」其処にアンテナを張って居るのですね。苦しみ自体はどれも酷い比べるべくもないと仰っていましたね。『世界をより良くする方法』そのタフクエッションですか。
wht ur lyf sir jii
Im so glad that your well deserved fame makes people listen to you because you seem to be always thinking and i really hope that catches on again
Good evening sir, nice to meet you sir in twitting. Let us see to prove the future. Fazullakhan
Its not about words,but the actions to be performed to make the world a better place
【Words Of Wisdom】

These are the nemeses of our spiritual cultivation:
Worries - they narrow our perspectives;
Resentments - they provoke hostility;
Griefs - they obstruct our advancement;
Anger - it invites enemies.
Pretence symbol that you are “helping poor”, “upholding human rights” or “racial equality” by giving out your “tax deducted wealth” or creating division amongst other nations or races by becoming their symbolic saviours to indirectly manupulate them with your soft killing poison!
...and not be let to determine anything or make a change, it doesn't mean one just sits and see what happens...
Do you know the difference between your world and the world of the Middle East? @BillGates
Ok
همینه
Bill. Please assist funding of thorium salt liquid reactors and fusion startups like general fusion. It could make the world a much better place. Just my 2 cents. Have a nice day.
Just watched the St Louis nuclear waste documentary.  I’ve searched the internet, I haven’t found a single article about how your foundation is helping these people?  You sold your shares to Republic instead of using them as leverage?  I lost my hero today.
Beautiful! Champion Gates, at least you're ready to die anytime
Hello
You got defeated Bill by 3 x 5.  Boring...  break it down Bill and what does that book really say?  Nothing important...  ?  Too many individual cases...
Hi
#AUGEN102 I like being an optimist myself. There's so many things to look forward to in life. #HighFives to you!
Bill you bore me...  I’m interesting, you’re not...  I have more fun you have less...  it’s better than it looks?  : )
Ok...  so either he’s an idiot or not...  he has a bookshelf...  I came up with books are a game...  economics is a game...  you’re in my game bam bam...  you lose!  I like playing Xbox and sports, it’s better games...  my diction is better that way?  Should I say addiction?
You can take a look at Steven Pinker’s new book while you’re at it
Sir i need a job can u hlp me plz
Love this!
That's so true i haven't thought it
Wtf gates!
Each age has a pivotal moment, We approach ours and we are the people in the history books for someone, we are the facts and the ancients for some to look back on. When civilizations fell someone was there. It could be our turn to be witness. I do so hope not.
Wow that's great
Am sure a tribal leader in what is now N.Yorkshire said that a few months after the Romans left and his Grandson also said that as he sighted a Viking ship off the coast saying 'Look! Traders,,Opportunity! The old ways will be back with us soon but just not the plumbing skills
I sure you are both are right because it sure looks gloomy from here but I too hope it is not as bad as it looks!
To make the world better, to do anything better
I don't like to read books...time wasting...is it there smarter way to understand it without reading....
Super cool
I once told God that "Because you'll only see skirmishes, but no major wars in the future, so I officially declare that there is peace on Earth now." I guess I'm right, @BillGates, because @realDonaldTrump will meet with Kim Jong Un this May.
Interesting read, i cant agree there have been reductions in violence on either side of the pond though.
Crimes against humanity. Using legal channels is the only path to finding justice for the victims of these crimes.     https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.globalresearch.ca/biopiracy-and-gmos-the-fate-of-iraq-s-agriculture/1447/amp …
Good
Plaza help job visa
Never want nor need any complacent.Thats a dumb thought you have.I know who I am and what I am.
Does this book available in South Africa?
Quite right!Nevertheless,Being an eternal optimist is rather better than being somewhat pessimist!Dreams do come true to those who strive,seek&sweat!A promising tryst with destiny!
It's to be Better to reach the future
Our society needs more optimism!  Making changes for the better is most essential’
Becoming an optimist has made me work more aggressive
Acredito que podemos melhorar tudo a nossa volta sempre, caso contrário mudamos nosso ponto de vista, e a mágica acontece
Good morning Mr Gates ... Nd good morning to all
It's better to be cynical optimistic.
Sadly not everyone can afford optimism.
This Is AnXcellent Article_It's Like YouKnew What IWas MissingW/O BeingDomineering But 2Thess1:10-11="Calling"=Matt22:14 Many Are Called But Few Chosen=Complacency=INeed 2Keep Myself In Check W/_We Must Be True 2Self God & Others=Humility Obey Being Balanced
What is your definition of the word 'optimist'? Many Books that you recommend contain too much optimist. It must be balance a pesimist and an optimist. And I called it 'realistic'. Become 'realistic' is better than 'pesimist' or 'optimist' @BillGates
So I really need the money. Please donate.
Hey everyone, my name is Aaron @AaronJoshua613 and I want to be a astronaut. So that means I need to become a pilot and get a higher chance of being successfull in getting picked. So that also means I need to go to flight schools. But I dont have enough money to pay for education
2Thessalonians1:11=2ThisEnd WeAlways Pray4U ThatOurGod MayMakeUWorthyOfHis_"CALLING" & MayFulfill EveryResolve4Good_EveryWorkOf FaithByHisPower_Ok? Respectfully ThinkAboutIt.."MayFulfillEvery Resolve4Good & EveryWorkOfFaith By "HISPOWER"_Matt22:14 WhatHappen?

l'explication est claire  et réelle a propos de l'autonomisation des femmes et des filles. 
hawa faly fall
présidente ADSIM MAURITANIE
What a positive thinking. Definitely an optimistic is one who always try to improve oneself each moment to make the world better.When everybody is taught to be better each Moment then only we can change the world into bettterment achieving peace & prosperity.
Good  life.   Enjoy
I only started following you a few weeks ago, but you seem to have a bit of Gandhi in your soul.
Nice Sir Bill Gates how ar you sir  i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me my con no 00923030480452  i reqst many people but no one help me
I have angle wings when I took them off it made me a fallen
You are a man, I truly think is on of the all time greatest thinker, the world has ever known! Hope you well and happy!
Alfie Kohn said the same thing in 1993...great thinkers often take some time to make an impact
.@BillGates Edward de Bono’s Six Thinking Hats https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Six_Thinking_Hats … and designing a way forward
Being an optimist doesn't mean you get complacent. It means you constantly look for ways to make the world better. This is a great conversation with @EasterbrookG about his new book, “It’s Better Than It Looks.” http://b-gat.es/2G83ATx 
I pick green color hat ; 1one.
All six are NEEDED to get to where YOU want to go 
call  me  Mr  Bill  gates  am  kenyan  born  willing  to  take  risk  in  business  and  Entrepreneurship call 0729870468 thanks
Great recommendations as always!
Retiring in comfort; yes, retiring the mind: never
Maybe Not,Tell that to "The Donald" Who May just have Started the Biggest Trade War Since the 30's. Watch Thi Space !
If you're mine, you're mine. I'm not sharing you with anyone else.
we all have our parts to play in reshaping the world. Thanks for what you are doing in the world today.
i'm optimist
Okey boss
Your doing a terrible job of that
Bill - workers at 4Season’s- El Tamarindo, Jalisco- Mexico make $1,00 U S per hour- SLAVERY
Thanks
location replacement, rather than complacent .........
What happens more often 2 the "comfortable" is they seek isolation in forms of feedback loops, confirming who they are & avoiding who they aren't. This includes  the trappings of campy catchphrases and all forms of “minimal effort required” activism. Real change is very different
But if when you do so, the worst snakes & crocodiles of the world do all they can to stop you, silence your freedom of speech, unable you to work or even eat, destroy your society & poeple brains, you tend to become a bit pessimistic even if gifted with an optimist personality...
humans soul body will never scared from death some power making humans weak some evil whispering torturing every1 in brain wory for future but wiseman never wory asking common issues that humans must focus on humans nature iz god nature like how god warning in book so wats wrong
Makes no sense. Why! To help all people in Africa makes no sense. Useless.
Why doesn't Trump recommend books like this?
Hi
Unfortunately what you are doing is not making the world better. Your intentions and reality are way off. Without responsible procreation your efforts are detrimental.
Thanks Mr. Bill Gates, for these wonderful words ... 
I work at fhi360. Appreciate all you do for global health - especially in the African nations
Sure
tick tock
@BillGates another seminal book that says things are better than we might realize is @sapinker #ENLIGHTENMENT. Of course quantitative stats aren't everything, qualitative measures matter also.
For  real
Excellente
you and others should just donate a million to every adult family on the plaanet .. see if they could live of the interest ... too optomistic .. right ? share and share alike .. ?
What I love about bill is he spins I'm a hippy thing so well, but let's face it he's one of the most rulthess successfull entrepreneurs  the world has ever seen, he makes Jobs seem like social worker
He is doing some powerful things in the world with the his wealth and celebrity.
Yes I wasn't throwing shit at him, just being frank about what he was, people  change I suspect bill has for the better
I’m hearing more and more about this Gates guy.
Install this app to take quick surveys and win $10 iTunes gift cards while offer still stands. For U.S residents only! http://sharepop.me/c5bc06 

Exactly! I hate when people mistake optimism for weakness. Quite the opposite
You are right, how is your day
How about universal health care. Billionaire like you can solve the problem. The amount of money you have can fund the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for a year
Totally agree, but starting my own business, the only relevant thing is cash..! then after a while, I can look further a field.
