Spot on Bill, as usual! I wish to take it further, the idea that anyone should die because of malaria in our generation should not be tolerated and we rally together ensure its eradication. Lead the world in this great mission.
.
#Great_Mission Your doing a great job Bill.
 Lets hope and beneath from my heart I pray I serve to eradicate malaria.I salute your good heart sir !
Great work Bill!
good news big boss
Children should not die in school from morons with a weapon designed for military use and backed by a organization like the NRA unbelievable, this is coming from x NRA member that does not believe in assault weapons.
Hello, I am a Syrian refugee. I am a resident of Iraq. I want your help. I do not have the money to pay the rent. I am unemployed for a long time. I hope your assistant is sick. This is my number. 009647506681507 Thank you
LEAVE AFRICA ALONE. CREATE CLEAN SUSTAINABLE ENVIRONMENTS. YOU AHVE A MIND USE IT. STOP MAKING MONEY OFF THE POOR EVIL MAN WHO COMES ACROSS LIKE A GOD. YOU ARE THE DEVIL IN DISGUISE @SustAfrica @UNICEFAfrica @WHOAFRO
Love u bill
good
Bill Gates, Bill Gates ಸಾಟಿ ಮತ್ಯಾರು ಸಾಧ್ಯವಿಲ್ಲ..... ಅವರ ಸಾಮಾಜಿಕ ಮತ್ತು ಆರ್ಥಿಕ ಕಳಕಳಿ ನಿಜಕ್ಕೂ ಶ್ಲಾಘನೀಯ........
Good job sir
Bill Gates for president in 2020.
Bb n.
Sir world best Man
Why didn't you vaccinate your own kids bill? What do you know that you aren't telling those whose kids you go around happily sticking needles into?
What happened with the flu vaccine it was so far off it had to be planned that way remember population reduction

K
way to be mr gates  hats off to you and god bless .
How about changing the conditions of each country to avoid the diseases altogether? We can fund it with a crypto token. It's time to put some of that crypto market cap money to work.
Helô
Mr. Bill Gates

I have some ideas in technology but I do not find anyone to help me or provide me with some possibilities or concepts

I want to carry out my thoughts and I am sure that it has a big deal in the future but there is no one who supports me and I wish you the reply
People with your kind of humility & integrity are very rare in this world. You have sawn true color and dignity in humanity across the Globe. You are a living hero and may your day be longer.
So why are you letting children die in Missouri?
Hi Sir, you don't want talk about ## Syria??? What about they people and childrens?? What is in your mind.? Please kindly help them.. show them your humanity...
Mr Gates, the world asks for help from the United States of America against terrorism in ghouta! thousands of innocents are losing their lives! they are attacking the hospitals !! pls
#SaveGhouta you need to stop bashat
We invite you to partner with us to get high efficacy repellent (up to 9 hours proven by research) to the African people in poor communities. Repellent in combination with bed nets allow people to have full quality lives without pesticides and insecticides - low efficacy drugs ..
amazing you are .proud.)
Great work
Right on!
Hi sir
nice moment
https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/a-new-regulatory-threat-to-cancer-patients-1519595170?__twitter_impression=true …
:)
Hi Bill,

please allow this change:

"The idea that children shouldn’t die of malaria (or be killed by someone with a semi-automatic rifle) isn’t just our value. It’s a human value. Parents in every culture want their children to survive and thrive."

Please address this too! 
@BillGates  I AM writing about your great work with Melinda, I would like to interview you.
Our children are dying by guns in schools...lets do something about this.......
Keep up the good work
Thief
You're a blessing to our generation. God bless you real good..
congratulations!
good idea, good job, congratulations,
It only for those of u that value life can do such a thing. Good work
So many children are killer by malaria because they re poor n weaks
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.in/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-34.html?m=1 …
Sir please help me name.kuldeep .form india . State Uttar Pradesh contact number  08317061551
ThinkAfrica ThinkZim
Please include Sherwin Cue of Hewlett Packard as an otion for Marketing/Sales of printers, thanks idol

To Sir Mark Zuckerberg / Sir Bill Gates, I'm sorry, I was the one who have the idea that I was been implanted by a brain chip so I thought I was been experimented by Scientist through wireless transmissions like in TV. Everyday I was always been paranoid because why are they doin

Computer Science...Thank You Very Much Mr Bill Gates (Garry Besana) & Mr Mark Zuckerburg (Mark Anthony Piedad)....God bless
My dearest friends with Sixth Senses please pass these ideas to your allies to make these possible..Yes I am the one who created the basic concept of Facebook for marketing strategies and social interaction for my best friend Mark Anthony Piedad who is also a graduate of BSCOmSci
Great work... With great thought... Good day
Good. God bless Bill and Belinda Gates foundation.
Survey must be considered for those appliances that often causes fires.....all wifi-connected as it goes free in the public hand by hand...thanks.....
Modern Demolition, please consider Mr James Deakin as very talented/convincing modern host/presenter...
Marketing Strtegies
Please, include high-tech sensors for automatic shut-off of gates due to continues flow(control) Use mars-robot detectors, to detect fires in crowded people like in Parking with cameras-high tech-robotic-sprinklers(valve)...wifi-connected appliances/range/cook top detecting human
A simple way to cure each & every problem...Go with your ecosystem...Each system have different boundary conditions... The human should try to solve their problems using locally available resources...Best way to cure themselves by using their traditional sciences...Methodologies
bonjour très bien dit je veux votre invitation labà chez vous vous pouvez me faire une carte d'invitation
Bonjour,je voulait vous demandé de l'aide pour moi je veux que vous m'aider a avoire votre invitions labà
It's great that you are working in all fields relentlessly...I have seen your work in India to help people suffering from Tuberculosis...Respect is increasing day by day...Love you sir...
Sir
please help our team
Well done Mr Bill Gates, thank you for the research support
YOU ARE TOO MUCH @melindagates @gatesfoundation RELEASE THEM ON YOUR PROPERTY YOU EVIL PEOPLE. LEAVE AFRICA ALONE.
Simple Green Earth is an online market for organic foods, supplements, clothing and other eco-friendly products.We offer convenient delivery of green products to suit http://you.Here  is the website if intrested get 15% discount with my code "KJ10" http://www.simplegreenearth.com 
Your amazing God bless you Mr Gates 
Thanks
Please aap apna account number  dedo mujhe thode se paiso ki jarurat hai  agar aap apna account number dede to mujhe whatsapp Number par follow karna  main apna whatsapp Number de raha hoo      8279642072
Sir thank u for helpin alot of ppl. But don't you think tht the people in Syria also need help from us innocent children are getting killed and why this mass killing not in any news?????
Remember me sir
Thanks
hi
You are part responsible for the atomic dump site within 700ft of an underground fire in St. Louis right now. #AtomicHomeFront. Please use your money to help warn and relocate families until they can fix this problem. Thank you.
Thank you! God bless your effort!
Thanks a million time for your global intervention to safe lives of the young ones. God bless you
Thanks @BillGates
I appreciate what you are doing without expecting anything in return. Will be glad if you will extend your arms to us @SIRPprojects to reach to many people in our rural communities with your project. Many of them in this areas die because of malaria.
Common indorsing a company like Microsoft... What will that stock look like when Americans and the world find out the true nature of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.  Philanthropist that posin people with vaccines and GMO should be held accountable in the court of law 
Dear sir. Healthy parents make healthy children. Healthy parents shall be output of healthy society n nature n earth as well as we all got bodies from 5 elemental earth n hence vegetarian and meditate as in spiritual reality must to all . http://pssmovement.org 
Congratulations Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation!!!!!
Congratulations, Mr. Bill Gates
I'm your big friend sir
Hi...I proud of you sir
FOLLOWING
Sir even talk about malnutrition ,how can we fight malnutrition among children under 5years of age worldwide
Hope to work with you
Your work will be appreciated for ever
Liberian kids are dying from malaria daily! Please listen to me so I can give facts! #LiberianKidsNeedYouToo@BillGate!
Bill you are doing noble but add more to find out if this your generosity gets to those it intended so that people will not be feeding fat on what is meant to save lives. We love you Sir.
Bravo bill
Bill works on free drugs for all and speculation on poors skin
Do yo guys work with organizations in the rural areas in SA?
Hi
Thanks
Check this out please.https://www.greatbikegiveaway.com/BaileyAnn?tab=MyPage …
#Genius Thought! 
Children in Syria are not dying due to malaria
for sure. I wish it also reaches Uganda, Africa.
Very good work. Thank you for doing that.
I sat while friends delivered lectures this week and saw slides with Alan Magill's picture twice... Very good to see this focus continuing.
Bill Gates have you watched Atomic Homefront on HBO? How many children and adults do you think are going to die because of your investments?  Do you care?  Does giving cancer to children bother you?  Would you want your children to live near a nuclear waste dump?
Big up mr Bill Gates ,, waitin to receive u in Uganda,,, God bless u
Why are well still selling blood in developing countries?
Thank you for everything you've done and you are doing for making a better world for human. You are a great man.
Bill gates using his immense wealth for the good of humanity is one of the most inspiring things of the 21st century
Best 4K Blu-ray Player You Can Buy Right Now
Read more -
U are bless with ur hand work sir
And I know how to reduce the mortality rate caused by malaria.
YOU ARE SO DISGUSTING EVIL PEOPLE! LEAVE AFRICA ALONE! @melindagates Bill Gates Funds the Release of Thousands of GMO Mosquitoes on African Nation Solely for Experimental Purposes
Bill Gates is part of the Illuminati part of the New World Order he is part of the trouble of United States of America we do not need him in our system we no longer need you in America you're on American you're selling America out for your needs
Yes it's an in born value and mandate..thank you for the support and hournering the value

<3
HI People please pay to my card,small money)  5469 4900 1378 7946)  Master Card)  Thank You Very Mutch)  From Russia)with love)
Bill and Melinda. I love what you do  for the world. Truly I do and respect you so much. Can you help our children here go safely to school ?  Your full support of sensible gun control would mean so much to the current movement.
Diseases sometimes are cause of poverty, which is why well-meaning people and the fact that they have somebody can monetary, always can try to help these people that did not ask to come into the world, and that they are innocent of those causes. Thank you for his help.
https://www.facebook.com/Here-To-Prevent-Crimes-Against-Kids-uk-1016662145165171/ …
I want you to be my Mentor, I am no body and I want be some body like you in the world
Hi
Thanks for helping needy people
I am with you
You have good positive thinking
#i support you
@BillGates sir
Hello Sir, I am a 26 year old man who lives in Iraq
We do not have a house and my mother dreams I have a house for us I live very difficult situation Sir, I do not have work Please, sir Help me and help my family
#reachourcities #reachAmerica #reachdeep
Ideal Thought
one heart  for big hearted man !!
There are only two children's hospices in the USA In Seattle we have over 30 animal hospices but not one for children PLEASE help us change that
Bill Gates さん

The idea that ◯◯ shouldn’t die of ◯◯ isn’t just our value. It’s a human value. ◯◯ in every culture want ◯◯ to survive and thrive.

Thank you very much

#Microsoft #Parents #children #malaria #foundation #partners #organizations #マラリア

http://www.teaforafrica.org 
Sorry to say this Sir.
When we request partnership in the area of Health, livelihood and smallholder farmers development programme thier response is
Dear Honereble BillGate, I know your foundation work is very very important for the poors to lead thier life to become successful but your Ethiopia staffs response is very bad.


Bless you
That's awsome! We don't have a crisis concerning malaria in the U.S.
How about addressing something at home. If you need to throw money around, throw it around cancer or Alzheimer's research. Let's benefit all of the world.
No child shd die bse of malaria. Good work
wonderful work ! as an acupuncturist I believe in the power of forest bark medicine to be used as well!
You doing very good thing but you and your organisation group can't see in Syria and Yemen what happening to children if you visit there and care about them every people will see and they are also will attend thank you
You are doing a great job for humanity
Good job, Mr. Gates...
Great work  keep doing all sort kind of great things & make our world emerge towards a new future

Best things always done by who are best in heart...
Hello,you could help me by buying my sister kit.She has to take care of the animals on the street and she wants to sell them to live together,because unfortunately I'm having difficulties.Please,do not hesitate to ht:/drive.google.com/openid=17h5ttVY-9ceBLznNZsWVALJSGDiJrJDw800k
Sir I am big fan of you please invite me in our house i am very poor girl in this world @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates @BillGates
El universo conspirando para que los seres humanos que pueden ayudar a otros lo hagan sin discriminación alguna. Pido a este mismo universo por los niños de Venezuela que mueren actualmente de hambre y falta de medicinas.
The human is humanity of saving others
You are working on agenda 21get the hell out   from India

Bill Gates for POTUS 2020

You are one of the greatest man in the world at this time.
Great man
Thank you very much, Sir Bill Gates!
Please I need a job,I need to work
Grants for Pregnant Students https://grantsmoneyinformation.weebly.com/home/grants-for-pregnant-students …
