Exactly! Wouldn't it be great if  more ppl could c energy creation and use as an equation rather than regional job history /economic impact.
"These people "am very excited the spelling is wrong not peephole
Finally this innovation has been introduced........ But I have a question to ask....... Seeing as the use of clean energy is about to be introduced why can't we also introduce the use of water for land transports instead of Petroleum
Total is proud to have joined the @btenergy Coalition and to be working to accelerate energy innovation and help solve climate change:
Save energy ,save life..!
I suspect that magnetism force could be a new energy source by converting as a rotation energy.
Mr Gates, if you could rewrite the rules what would you do?
I’m thinking along the lines of you being the global President?
It would be an interesting insight.
Ah yes, a ship. I love ships. I also love big cannons. When you combine them, you get my future adoptive child. I shall adopt a ship.
I wonder how long it will be until Nikoli Tesla's free energy technology is made available to the world. The many applications and possibilities... Time travel, teleportation, off grid sustainability, ect.. 
Great sir. Everything in universe is run by energy. Cheaper energy is directly or indirectly solution for all the problems of the poor and developing nations be it Health education or even terrorism!!
I am working on ' Cosmic Energy Converter' Once realized, it will solve almost all the problems of the Globe.
V nc
That's a great thing to do!
What you and your wife are doing is so wonderful!!  Thank you Louise Bowie
Please help invest in the Nigeria Shipping industry ........ The govt don't have any plan for us
@BillGates @btenergy
dsads
Wow HMS ROYAL SOVEREIGN.
Good day mr Gate i was hoping i could meet you during your last visit to nigeria
Bhai job Dede food tech se hu
Lovely
You evil SOB. Your depopulation plan might work but ultimately Jesus Christ wins. Is it worth having your way here in this life but suffering hellfire in the next ? Satan will promise you the world and you will get it for a short time but then comes destruction. Love the truth.
Equlist arrange jobs  office clerk danger situation my life help me sir give me one job sir
Just band with @elonmusk (tesla) and build the mega factories...there should be a hundred of them?

Realy?
Once fusion power is harnessed all the energy worries, most of which are nonsense, will disappear.  In 1972 they said we would be out of oil in 10 years.
ff  cause. to me! 
Dear Sir, Thanks for investing on the green energy creation . Through this the human can forward their life for 1000 steps on the development path.
How to get funding for energy innovation project based Ph.D program from you?, If that is possible
Bla-bla-bla-bla-bla-bla-bla. Why I am always hearing something like: "is partnering with governments, companies, and other investors", but never hear: "we invest in individals"? Did you know how hard it is to go trough HR-level? No? Ask me.
Cryptocurrency investment. Looks good to me 
Hey Bill, what is your official, (or unofficial) take on Nikola Tesla's attempts to provide the entire world with free energy? Now keep in mind that we're talking about the 19th century
Your team needs to discover the benefits of hydrogen. 
Thats great new! And great for the enviorment.
Huwa are you
I'm waqar ali from pakistan 
I'm poor please help me 
My account number
1684.229301788
United bank limited of 
Pakistan daud Mahesar branch
Please help
truth
Señor bill , necesito comprobar mi trabajo con usted como agente y amigo el 2010 en el barco octupus en ecuador , chile , soy chileno vivo en calama , ayúdeme por favor lo necesito y salir de esta situación, trabaje como soldado y agente para usted
Mr. Fadil If possible help as I am indebted to a large amount if possible any help will be very much to you
For possible assistance
Thankyou for your thought leadership and stewardship of humanity. Your relentless philanthropic efforts gives us earthlings peace of mind and hope.
Plus I heard you came to Nigeria, I saw pictures too, DON'T BELIEVE A WORD THEY(POLITICIANS) SAID, IT'S ALL LIES I DON'T HAVE TO KNOW WHAT THEY SAY I KNOW IT'S ALL LIES, THERE'S NO POWER SUPPLY IN THIS COUNTRY,GOVERNMENT HOSPITALS ARE A MESS,AND THE POVERTY IS HIGHER THAN BEFORE.
If Nigeria is one of the countries, please please and please, I suggest you delegate people from your end to oversee the project people anonymous to the Nigerian government so they don't get bribed because that fight for malaria you fund,we still they buy malaria drug for Naija.
I need and want the energy of love.
Agree! I like clean energy like @AscentSolar technology
For reliability and a unique ability to quickly ramp up to many gigawatts of generating capacity (with factory production of reactors), nothing compares with LFTR Liquid-Fuel Thorium Reactors.
Hello mr gates.. with all do respect...can you help me create a smal tools store? I was wondering if i could borror $15000 dollars to start... for 5 years  finance with interest ...im only 28 but i have  a wife and 2 kids.. i currently own a small hardware store...i want to grow
الله يسلمك 
ممكن طلب
Ideas for clean energy are caught up in the red tape of buearacracy..end the game...
من يبتكر الفايروسات؟!
WELL BILLWHEN THATBATTLESHIPWAS BUILTWHEN WORLDLEADERSDISAGREED  COULD UNZIP THEIRPANTS #SEEWHOSGUNSBIGER
I wish you success Mr.Bill Gates
I know how to produce unlimited electricity from sand. Can you sponsor my project?
MR GATES WE HAVE A CENTURY BEFORE IT BECOMES CRITICAL AND METHANE WILL INGULF THE WORLD! MY SUGGESTION INCREASE RENEWABLES GRADUALY! REDUCE EMISSIONS GRADUALLY SO ;INDUSTRY CAN CONVERT !AND INCREASE; PLANT LIFE ON A HIGH SCALE!

@BillGates You are always welcome to implement the fund in India..
What an awesome idea, plan and innovation by the most successful man alive. I'm an enthusiast myself at 12 years of age and living in such a country is very hard when trying to share ideas and projects with my fellow peers. 
Understatement of the century but Bill you’re a genius!
Excellent!!
So what's your proposal? More nuclear?
BillGates talks #cleanenergy , pls follow me hashtag #PPPMOOC , #WBGTrade #DohaRound's #affiliatemarketing and #ContentMarketing $100 billion #infrastructureenergy #ParisAgreement #ClimateAction #GreenFinance
Maybe the answer has been staring us in the face for quite some time, flashing & banging for attention. 



Could it be as simple as photochemical production of electrons from visible & near ultraviolet light?

#floridabattery18
Well said
Wow
...for greater good of the every nation and the whole humanity and the planet and its future, a body , say 'world energy for world' should takeover all energy resources of the earth to best manage it for greater global good and better life for all.
Heyyyy

Sign-up #partnerships @igiridr #energy #BillGates join #10ksmallbiz
And you do that by removing those in congress and the WH idiot in chief that has their own agenda instead of the people's agenda. Affordable, accessible clean energy should be made available to everyone for longterm stability in society.
I‘m coming here
Is it because you have invested so much funding in your "CO2 from air" project that you ignore research that contradicts CO2 being the cause of climate change. I have the research and Microsoft have been delaying.
Microsoft could be saving lives but instead are just as caught up in the politics.
Maybe you could say the same about free education for all Americans and help get Brian Schatz' bill passed.
Every right thinking person know that clean energy has been around for ages and is very much within reach.  But for the wickedness of those making billions of $$ from what is in use now, the world would have been a better place.
@HardcoreHistory is worth checking out for anyone interested in such topics...
Listen to WHATTERIZE by Dynane Spencer #np on #SoundCloud
Too bad we don’t have a forward thinking Administration. While trump & Co. dwell on the past America will be left in the dust!
Go Nuclear or we're all toast. Greens are actually torpedoing our efforts to reduce greenhouse emissions. How fucking ironic.
Wawa that's nice
Yah, cheap energy lowers the cost of everything like transportation, living, distribution centers, heating, cooling, and tools.   Investing in energy is smart.  Maybe we should do new nuclear plants every 15 years for research purposes.
You are looking in the wrong direction. Contact me urgently: wesley.schouw@gmail.com
Is it because you have invested so much funding into CO2 from air that you ignore research that shows the real cause behind climate change?
@BillGates sir can you please help me to carry on my studies 
Wassup Bill!
Natural gas is currently the cheapest, cleanest, most economically and ethical form of energy there is right now.
Link them to Nigeria eer
Why?
Don't tell me you are not aware of the energy crisis in Nigeria. Just a sympathizer thou!
I don't. Will you be kind enough to educate me?
I thinks Google will be of a much greater assistance to you.
It simply implies that you don't know either.
Battle ship
Make a vibrant display like that without the need for a backlight to be on in well lit areas will win. All the "eyestrain,  headaches, charging constantly", GONE! If it appeared like a piece of  paper. SAVE ENERGY! @BillGates @linuxfoundation @tim_cook @elonmusk #AppleEvent
Great
Awesome
Please help me
Gn
We need to speak about this new medical research database system it will save hundreds of billions in wasting duplication
lots of love from india
79 दलित सांसद,543 दलित विधायक और एक दलित राष्ट्रपति
क्या अब भी आरक्षण मिलना चाहिए ।
