
You will not believe how bad they have and are biting me all over my body and I am doing every thing I can think of to kill them and stay away from them.  I just can not believe this.
ترجمة : لماذا الكل يكهره البعوض؟
Sure bill gates never lived in the country and had to take his ass outside during summer and be ate up by them..
Watch the video. Derp.
I did,  was just fukn around calm down
Haaaaaahaaaaaa!!!!
Lol
personally i hate mosquitoes because of their disturbance during the night and due to their impact in my body
Garet Sir
YOU'RE ONE OF THE SMARTEST PEOPLE ON THE PLANET, USE @ OF YOUR FUCKING BRAIN CELLS!
Because they bite. Duh.
Mosquitoes are the main food item of some species of bat which are also responsible for pollination. There4 mosquitoes play a beneficial role for us. although we want to decrease their numbers to reduce their negativ effects on us, it would be unwise to eliminate them completely.
itchy and have disease, Dengue, Malaria, big foot.
您好比尔盖茨,很高兴能这么近距离的跟您对话，知道您很忙，我是一名ui设计师，从第一次用电脑到现在win10看到微软的与时俱进，加油，有时间可以百度Johnson1949看一下我的作品信谢谢啦，爱您呢。
Will Epicyte help, Bill? Dupont can help right? On to YOU>>>> #epicyte #nwo #populationcontrol #DNAday2018 #hermaphrodite #cancerawareness #billgates
#dumb
I agree sir
Bởi vì muỗi hút máu người
Mosquitoes cause deases and a kind of fever#
Bjr bill Gates
Welcome to our great temple where we cure all types of sickness and offer different spells to our esteemed customers be it love spell, promotion at work or you want to win someone back... A trial will certainly convince you. Chat us on WhatsApp +2348117791924
Because it sucks I
@noobites_Inc
Because they hate everyone
Honey IGot An Idea...Good Keep It 2YourSelf_See Your Right Is A "Good" Idea_Can We Watch Mosquitos Videos 4Our 1st Date...Fool IAint Going NOWHERE W/ You_IMight End Up Getting Locked Up...lol Help Doc MySeams Are Leaking Again :)
Haaha  varry good teaching..
because he bites in sleep position .
Can't really tell if I'm supposed to feel sorry for the mosquitoes or continue hating them...
Univited guest trying to steal my O POS.
Stay safe and enjoy outdoors with #KeetOff
If they just sucked blood only, just like fleas, without causing malaria, it'd be better.
I promise to be kind while I suffocate you to death with poisonous gases,Hartmut. Yet I respect you as a killer. #Ifeelhartmut
Hi 
Last weak from our team sent a massage for some rich people the massage was "we made a team to help poor familly who has autistic child.some parents  can not afford the treatment" and we asked them to help us guess what happed "nothing"  they did not bother themselves
What would happen if they help us? It is a question that I ask my self.and the answer is: 
A drop of their wealth will be reduced
  with respect
What an emphatic presentation.
Um pequeno inseto capaz De sacudir o mundo, providências aos mosquitos.
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/988692864723922944?s=20 …

Imagine a squirrel puppet, cartoon, rodent, or CGI thaang.... The name, “Billy G”?

 or 
B.A.S.E. Animal of the Week! “Squirrel”! https://www.instagram.com/p/Bh8jPycgEEA/ 
I feel bad for you mate, you must be having a tough time and I am sorry that in some occasions, I kind of had high fived some of your friends but they couldn't bear the impact of it, leading to their sad demise, I know I shouldn't have done it. Totally My bad !! 
Because their sound is so annoying
Served with a kiss
When we are tired of the day and we sleep at night, then it disturbs us to rest and it comes to our ears and tells us that we have come and you will know about these diseases .
I hope you will be satisfied with  my answer. 
Is this Mosquito suicidal????

Biodiversity provides us everything for sustenance of life. On the other side, it has got so many harmful organisms who bring negativity for living beings. It is ecological balance through food chain and food web. Nature’s creativity is unique and supreme.
@BillGates BRIGHT IDEA we can create an invisible fence to safeguard the people in earmarked areas.
Because is a deadly insect, that kills more than HIV virus...
If you live in Manitoba you would understand lol
I don’t hate mosquitoes ... I don’t know enough about them.  Do they do anything useful? Or do they only exist to harm people?
This Video Deserves Nationwide Viewing :)Thank You 4The Laugh...Im Feeling Better IHave A little Ways 2Go Still ttyl Hello Beautiful
ISensed...lol lol_It Was Something Of Your Doing. IGotta See Doc Again 2Put My Staples Back In_Im Busting At The Seam...lol
A stinging indictment of this insect.
This is cute  looks like you enjoyed the role playing
They are chewing us up, mosquitos.
bill gates i want to build machines too, can i have materials as well?
They are such dangerous tiny killers.
Oh boy, I hate them
They are blood sucking parasite that is why they are hated.
I love technology and science and i want to invent machines but i have not the material so i want to ask you to If you can help me to build machines?
Bill Gates i want to build machines but i can't because i don't have the material

Bill Gates, why are you doing this?
Question??
even u asking dix question, do u like mosquitos?
It is possible to upload one's consciousness, however the sensory part of the memories/data.it would be very difficult to not only pinpoint but also properly regulate.
Totally relevant
Bill Gates went bananas.
Wait. Is that Mr. Gates as mosquito?
Gymnopédie No. 1 for those curious
I was infected with typhoid and malaria back at uni. You do not want to experience that.
If someone hurt you then how can you love them..
One word answer....malaria.
señor bill gates a soy quien la ayudo en ecuador en un asalto que ocurrió en el barco octopus , quisiera preguntarle si es que me puede ayudar a recuperar lo que me dio usted?, ya que personas políticas y otros me lo arrebataron
In Uganda they spread malaria
Harmful 2 pets as well...
you literally wasted my time
Don't make me sleep at night with the constant noise in my ears
If your foundation paid for this video it was badly ripped off. What, exactly, is the message?
Because it injects painfully needle
were you in the suit? ꉂꉂ(ᵔᗜᵔ*)
but they are not Vegans. They suck

Because you " buzz in people's ears" and have the power to kill ! #Bloodborne
If you think you're too small to make a difference, you haven't spend a night with a mosquito.
Please come to Hyderabad sir...
U will know y everyone hate
I hate Malaria I suffer alot
Can’t tell the difference between regular and GMO skeeters....so screw you
So sad.
Y.... Sí... Hasta el fakin bicho se odia.
*me parece increíble que Bill Gates se haya cambiado el nombre
We have to every right to fear small things but dangerous eg: viruses
Because you are a mosquito
Hehe
if i could put one organism to extinction,it would be mosquitoes!
Because mosquitoes have inspired human to make sophisticated hot pursuer missiles

One of the shittiest video I have seen in a while...
My daughter’s comment:

one punch man is the best
"...to keep myself off myself..."
Lolz!
Mosquitoes are lame, just like this video.  FACTS
What??? Hahahahaha
Aww, that's so sad on so many levels.
Proven System For Success: Driving with an ad on your car

Advertise on your vehicle and earn passive income with our small, see thru ads on your back window. Drivers wanted for local and national campaigns.
I just surprised about the change of profile name.
At first I felt who's this ? then I saw username and I laughed for a while.
#bettergoing
#protectlives
Hola m pode ayudar económicamente necesito dinero para comprar remedio porque me opere del corazón y necesito$40000000 d dolar
Small,Flying,Biting, Disease spreading.Their bites are very difficult to b avoided..Flies evrywhr n bites if not prepared to b protected...
Because it makes as a victim and we see them as a vectors. Mosquito es are the victors born diseases, it makes a human suffer from Zika,Malaria,Yellow fever, and alike problems. #helpTanzaniaToFuckoffMosquitoes
Calculator use
Because of that ugly disease called malaria

Hate hatred 
Closing Windows, booting Linux.
Mosquitoes have been carriers of various diseases since the early days and they cause itchiness where they inject their thing
Bcz government pays #researchers like us, alot to make country free from disease like #dengue #malaria etc. 
Some companies benefits from mosquitoes
my libido, yeah
Amos...quit!

mosquitoes are good they provide food for fish and other reptiles
Why is the Against Malaria Foundation still on the Give Well list? Seems like at least getting bed nets to everyone shouldn't still be a problem.
#MondayMotivaton 
#PredictionsAbout_SaintRampalJi
As swa to a a*<~
the irritating, annoying noise they make.
Hello, Mr. Bill Gates. Always an animal, however small, is good for our ecosystem, but it becomes harmful when it abounds, calling it a plague because it affects our ecosystem of life.
because they’re a bunch of wanks.
Not helpful when you consider that mosquitos are an import part of ecosystems worldwide, e.g. as a source of food for other animals.
The bite sure hurts + the resulting malaria 
They are irritating and carriers of so many diseases and viruses.
Bill Gates:  Mosquitoes should consider recalibrating into benign insects like butterflies and not spread disease - love the Gynopedie sad mood music.
What
Because they give illness..
Because it is a Small insect but Big humanbeigns Killers.
Because bite mosquitoes
Why? Cuz it’s the vampire of the insect kingdom :p insect vampire that carry diseases
When they bite us they pee on us
Really I Hate Mosquitoes. But.. not to get blood. Making Meleria, Dengue,Elephantine, many more...What can do Really close this matter..can contribute.
Because they "Spread Disease" . But lots of people "Spread Diseases". Social Diseases, mental diseases, and even Physical diseases and most of all "Spiritual diseases" . And If remember right, God can wipe out Mosquito's, but I don't think you know about stuff like that.

I do love a mosquito stew!

This is brilliant!
Male mosquitoes don’t consume blood.
Kill 'em all!  Or vaccinate people around them...
Because they suck.
hahaha we Fair to fall sick of malaria
#PredictionsAbout_SaintRampalJi
 "एक विश्व प्रसिद्ध व्यक्ति पूर्व में एक बहुत ही धार्मिक देश में जन्म लेगा। उसे बहुत उत्पीड़न और गलतफहमी का सामना करना पड़ेगा। उसे बार-बार जेल में फेंक दिया जाएगा"
वह सभी धर्मों को एकजुट करेगा और दुनिया में शांति लाएगा।
I’m always the first to be bit. Thrice yesterday while washing the car! I hate mosquitoes!!!
Great video

As Somalis we don't because we are the first country made it's medicine.
those little countless vampires? how can I?
Because they cause malaria
You are a genius
Follow me plz
