Thanks, Bill. It means a lot to me that you and Phoebe read the book, and I'm glad it resonated with her. (p.s. I'm also glad you and Melinda didn't give all your money to a tuatara but instead are focused on global health and education.)
Bill can I just say you're a beautiful human being.
Thought of world richest man !! 
#SUCCESSIVE
Sir, appreciate the Bollywood's  khiladi Kumar Mr. #AkshayKumar For him movie #Padman 
This movie change the whole society 'peoples are talking about menstrual hygiene '
@BillGates Sir, you must say something for that movie 
Yeah! @johngreen and his books are amazing. His writing is beautiful and inspiring. I wish I could write like him.
Great but Holden Caulfield thinks your boring.
He does good books, are you planning on reading hanks?
And libraries are amazing places !!!
I just put a library hold on Green’s: Paper Towns as recommended by @BillGates. Can wait to read it.
If I sat with you guys and y'all started talking with intellectual vocabulary, I'll just feel damn stupid.
I know right!
Hello sir
Hello
@allofmeisshit
good news *o*
He is Very rich and he wear this disgusting boots.
God Jeová bless America,God Jeová bless the world,in God Jeová we trust, allways!
great hashtag use bill
Hi
Modul statistic de alegere al unui azimut, practic  directia 
cercetarii orizontului, este formala , in cazul automatelor 
finite si nesigure, incantatoare si  cromata, in spatiul infinit 
al comportamentului  omenesc. De ce, asa ? Habar nu am !
Posibil, cateva miliarde de neuroni, natural inlantuiti, catene 
variabile dupa geometrii hiperconice, sunt cu mult mai utile 
proprietarului, comparativ procesoarelor criogenice, quantum
imbinate. Asa,  cum deseori in Natura sublimul si simplitatea
sunt imbratisate,  ...
...   tot asa un complex neuronal artificial, este
subliniat de eleganta formei, in cazul prezent o inlantuire 
infinita de solitoni cu forme de broasca testoasa, drum intre
Uran si Gaia, scara de matase a tineretii creative.
Bill, de cate 
ori ai urcat la stele, pe o scara cu treptele testoase si capatul
in Paradis ?   
How are you
Bill gates role model in the world people's
People are awakening and becoming conscious of the criminal nature of corporations that produce poisons such as GMO's and vaccinations the aim to make us prisoners to the physical plane. How many more incarnation will you settle for
Sir need your glance
The Catcher in the Rye meets 
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn sums it up for me in this great novel. Aza is right up there with Huck and Holden.
sir you have the time to read the books in the busy schedule. Please teach us also.
ساعدنا سيدي بيل لاجل اطفالي
ارجوك وشكرا
LOVE John’s books!
Thanks a lot
Happy tq sir have a nice day
nice @BillGates nice day
Plz check @BillGates sir.... Plz check and rt pinned Twitte..@mohitso71490359 . Check also other Twittes  .  Plz check and support us to make Clean india with green india..@mohitso71490359 .. check direct msg.also

You are great!
A Good Book Indeed is a man's good friend.
It is not less than a surprise for all of fame and wealth crazy people that the wirld,s most richest person happily spend time with books. Weldon sir you are not only rich in money but also in moralities... wish you a healthy life always
i will explore! thank you @BillGates  and I just have to say ... I can tell you’re from Seattle :)
Heres  book .  
“John Green is a National Treasure” Thinking about making this into bumper sticker.
Bill what's up with the rubber ducky boots ?
Hy, BILL GATES how can i upgrade my life style? can you assist me upgrade to your level please. George frm Kenya.

bill  help him in an assault that you suffered,in montañita ecuador(octopus ship), work for you the following years ,I run out of money and how to check the work,address is in chile country,calama city, avenida regimiento # 3355,atacama houses ,can you help me personally?
Massive Respect Sir 
Hi sir I want to talk with u
Mr will you thinking now possible a new power bank in charge a mobile . Now Daly wear clothes.storeg sun light, sapoze , cap, sart, I min too se super clothes, than charging many divaes
The more you read , more you get the idea .
مرحبآ سيد بيل أرجوك أنا مواطن من غزة بفلسطين المحتلة نعاني أشد أنواع الفقر والذل سواء من الحكومة أو الأحتلال الأسراءيلي أرجوك أرجوك أنا بحاجة لمساعدتك يا أبو الأنسانية كلها إني أعرف أنك لن تخيب ظني بك أرجوك هذا رقمي للتواصل 0592317630) وشكرآ....
Heyyy Billy come to MotorMoney, you win 
https://motormoney.org/?u=581406 

I want to read it as a follower , because I believe that the mentioned person is the best thinker.
He plays smartly with the emotional portion in his books
His crash courses on YouTube are the greatest
Will check his books out too... Thank you again @BillGates 
Come on Mr. Gates. Working people hardly have time to read books! Where is that http://t.v.network  focusing  on Science and the integrity of the political/economic system!
Can share your belief on whether  some cancers are derived from wi fi and microwave signals??
I will destroy microsoft
Can you told me how to be successful?
I am so glad you are bringing the importance of reading even this book to attention.
Not only are there wonderful stories to take children to the ends of the earth, but it is a very important quiet time that permits us to put all aside and just ... breath.
How can a lower class person (lower class meaning someone that doesn’t make a lot of money , Me .) get ahead in this world I’m so tired of struggling to make ends meet? There has to be a better way of life and I want a better life.
飘过……
First, I must complete my reading of the novels of Tolstoy. Second, finish seeing the film, Man of La Mancha.
God bless you
#JusticeforAsifa 
@BillGates
De qui parle tu ?
De vous tous bravo pour vos explois
Love you sir
God bless you 
You are nice personality in world
I like you?

You are one of the greatest man on his
You so humble.
https://www.facebook.com/donate/384745912044172/?fundraiser_source=external_url …
I am a PFC in the US Army. This is a Fundraiser to fight against poverty.  This my way to fight for better life , without using guns or killing people. HELP ME HELP YOU AND HELP THEM TO HAVE BETTER F
will do.

@BillGates 
@melindagates 
Sir please help me. I am in very trouble please Sir help me. Sir I want to open a HOSPITAL and a SCHOOL for poors,and I need your help
A/c no. 3287603771
+91 7348228292
SIR I want only$ 800,000.it's nothing for you.
Please please
Again my good bill .with your brilliance and your good wifes focused dedication to uplift human living conditions everywhere  .may you pls come up with how education can be reachable  for the poorest of poor living in remote areas .all they need is just free   internet conection
I want you to create perfect vegetavle noa ship2!!!!!!!
Hi sir
Because troublesome person,they can work. In case,Because it is a nuisance, everything is forgiven. In case,Because it is a handicapped person, there are few places to work. In case,Because it is a disabled person, nothing is allowed. In case,
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=157249418304775&id=100020591523247 …
Crash course!
Good night
His books so interesting indeed
Those shoes, Bill!
OMG @BillGates & @johngreen in the same frame!! 
This just made my day!! People I admire!! 
Best book any parent and child should read together is “Love You Forever” so beautiful I cry every time I read it!
Great
Thanks a lot for the love you have extended to humanty. 

Building school in Africa.
Now you are sharing books with us thanks.
I'm loving it
Sir plz save some one peoples
Good

So you go and meet the guy , heh thats really cool.
Russell A. Barkley is a scientist on youtube. Lol
You would like the author Russell A. Barkley. Hes videos are satisfying.

mooning bill
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late;!
