Mr. Gates. Thank You! Sincerely Shellie Gary
All for vaccines. Thank you @billgates
DYK that synthetic folate (Folic Acid) changes DNA methylation of unborn, in ways that can affect immune system? Perils of single-nutrient fortification with man-made molecule. DYK that folic acid masks B12 Deficiency in moms, babies?
another anti vaxxer
not anti vax
k
I agree my only issue is having vaccine trials on unknowing, poor, ignorant citizens in "developing countries."
Can you explain that further?

The CDC doesn't sell anything, it's a government organism for ONE country, vaccines are global.

Conspiracy theories aren't evidence.
all science is just based on theory, there is no such thing as fact.  If you actually look up the definition and the history of science, it used to be called philosophy.  Scientists are just philosophers.
Science is not philosophy. Scientific theories are not armchair theories, they have been heavily tested and are the closest thing we have to facts, they explain how reality functions. Or will you tell us that the reason it rains is not as science states? Or the theory of gravity?
Even by your statement, you say "science is the closest thing we have to facts", is even stating that nothing is a fact, it doesn't exist, even though it's close, it's still a theory.
And scientific theories are different to armchair theories, scientific theories go through very strict tests to ensure they do not collapse. Or will you claim the theory of gravity is wrong and that objects with mass do not bend spacetime to cause gravity?
Bill I do not believe that u do not know or read about whole truth about vaccines special if u propose them for children
Come on!!! It got read on 3 PLAGUES! Why become an ANTI VAXXER?! Give us FULL PROOF not just from 3 “doctors” who exaggerate results
Proof : Donald Trump son and many others victims, It is not a matter of doctors we have official data which was for 50 years top secret, data from USA,CANADA,ENGLAND,NEWZELAND,NIGERIA,JAPAN,SWEDEN.
Read book “Dissolving Illusions” Suzanne Humphries MD
Oh! That book from a conspiracy theorist... Well nvm that. What else you have for me...
if u do not believe in oficial data u think u know better or u represents a group of scientists who have opposite data - yes?
What can u tell for people who suffer after vaccination who must now take care of tem?
so sad , that this 4% in High-income countries , are not due to acess... but because some parents actually think it causes autism and other complications . 
And the 20% of the Low-Income it´s because they are so poor that can´t even find a way to get to the vaccines.
I did think the same way you do until mmr vaccine sent a little child at least 1 year back in development. State is not able to have such vaccines be split so it will not cause such catastrophic damage to a born baby. At list have those vaccine be shot at later age... Dammit
The MMR vaccine is not capable of doing that, temporal association is not the same as causal association.
I don't give a damn s... what bad things it can do. It DID bad to the child and it irrecoverable and NO ONE will give it back to the child!!!
It did not, autism is not caused by it.
I haven't mentioned autism, but yeah, many have reported autism after vaccination. No medical research has proven that such vaccines do not cause autism. These institutions just don't want this to be true, so they simply deny it...
Actually, there is medical research that proves they don't cause autism. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0264410X14006367 …
Interesting, will look into it
Bill what are we going to do when population growth explode.
It won't, higher living standards lead to a decreased fertility rate,  it's a common trend in all human populations. At it's extremes population growth can even turn negative, Japan is at that point already, for example.
A lot of them do, others lead to Autism.
Please prove the legitimacy of your findings. Else, watch an ASAPScience  video about Anti-Vaxxers
Congratulations Bill,, thank you for serving and saving world from disease disaster.. Only one suggestion again.. Clean water is very much important as that of vaccination.. Pl do something... Volunteers will follow your advice.. Thanks. Well done sir.
Didn't he support the Omniprocessor? I hope it'll soon give results.
Bill Gates video: depopulation by vaccines!! You state that your vaccines will help in depopulation! Everyone should see it! Your father was the head of the Eugenics program= infertility. What is planned parenthood really about! A continuation of Eugenics?
Vaccines are another control mechanism. Bottom line
If you want to ensure that children have a chance at life, quit injecting them with vials of poison and ruining their immune systems!!! Sure makes a nice paycheck for you though #VaccinesKill #VaccineInjuryIsReal #SaveTheChildren
This guy is a psychopath!
Yea let give them Autism too.
If that is the case, and vaccines work, why are you all of a sudden threatening the US with a possible near future pandemic? Also, with the highest ever vaccination rates, what is causing all the recent epidemics? Could it be the vaccines? Or the biological weapons used in SRM?
You're a mass murderer and you. will. pay.
Polio is almost gone, but for measles it needs to be higher, hopefully one day it'll be gone too along with rubella!
But they cause autism bill
they don't lol
They help country’s that are truly sick and America isn’t sick the only reason we’re sick is because vaccines keep introducing sickness again and again

If u would just stop making fun and answer y then we could be mature
Vaccines don't reintroduce sickness. You might be thinking about how vaccines have some of the virus inside it, The reason why this is the virus in the vaccine is a weakened version of the virus which the body defeats, And learns to defend against.
Ik and sometimes it doesn’t work the question isn’t if we need to stop vaccines it’s why do they have this effect on perfectly healthy ppl and some nothing it makes no sense
*Laughs in French*
Last I heard, measles has been a HUGE problem in France, in 3 years 1,500 go serious complications, 30 suffered irreversible brain damage and 10 died. This will only get worse if people don't vaccinate more.
And it get worse in eastern europe countries
Vaccination is about to get mandatory in France but there will always be malignant physicians who do fake certificates
Everything is complicated over here. #Franceinthreewords
Sir I want job can you help me
#vaccineskill
What is your definition of miracle? Because we have one of the worst first day death rates in the USA? #vaccinesharm

But other Doctors are busy proving that vaccines are harmful to children's health.  How safe are vaccines Mr. Bill Gates. ?
misinformation . Vaccines have chemicals, Thimerols (mercury) causing mental issues. Your father was the head of the eugenics program, Is planned parenthood a continuation of. Infertility has exponentially risen 1000 fold. Why? 1000's dead or disabled by your vaccines!
I remember travelling through a malaria zone and having to take tablets for a few weeks before and about a month afterwards. A vaccine would have saved that and probably at least one of my co-travelers contracted malaria.
#VaccinesWork
#vaccineworks
They sure do! I remember when there were very few vaccines, and it was a whole other story. Many children got sick, often with long lasting consequences. Some died. You just don't see it nearly as much now with the vaccines.
It’s cause of sanitation, not vaccines!!! Diseases were already on the decline before vaccines were introduced in to the population   makes for some good profit though!! 
Vaccinate your kids
Keep it up and never tire. Together we can survive.

Let's always remember that. Good work Bill.

#COP24 #SDGs #SDG #GlobalGoals #SDG2030 #un #COP23 #TEACHSDGS #Uganda #SDG3

@melindagates @gatesfoundation @antonioguterres @malo @AdamRogers2030 @WHO
Vaccines can help, but not necessary. They have a place and it should be a smaller one. You cannot restrict or limit  nature, but you can create the space that it loses its desire to live.(anywhere) Use nature, not science in pursuit of greater healing. Synthesis versus analysis.
Thank you sir
Vaccines= miracle as long as long term effects from chemicals, thimerosol ( mercury ) don't impact the neurotransmitters, which they do. 1000 fold increase in Alzheimer's, autism, Asperger's, mental illness. Big Pharma, FDA lies = profits! The hidden truth! thousand of lawsuits!
Thank you for your generosiy and  your humanity  receive my greetingsUSA 
Souei mouldi appt 15 immeuble Essada 8  Ariana superieur  TUNIS
Also the governments CDC list of what is in vaccinations. Just so the people reading this tweet can research for themselves. https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/pubs/pinkbook/downloads/appendices/B/excipient-table-2.pdf …. Please read all fetus cells are on that list....
What?!?  Government paid out 3.7 B in damages? How much stock do you have Mr. Gates in this industry and do you not lay Russian roulette with your child’s health? People need to RESEARCH !
Yes brother bill.pls keep up d good work of your foundation helping d least of society everywhere both u and your good spouse.may god bless your kind to multiply 10-fold or rather 100fold.
My niece ended up autistic and other complications through a vaccine
You are FAKE person Bill
Please return my money Bill, your promise is Bulshit Bill
Highly appreciated job.
Well said
@RFS_Vista https://www.gofundme.com/h6k08   If you wish to help you can also send donation this address as well.  Rhonda Stevens 9288 S.W. 33rd. Court  Ocala , Florida 34476 Thank you and God bless you with much respect Rhonda Stevens.
Without question, one of humankind's greatest achievements over the past 30 years.
Bill, I have reason to believe research is being done to create a further need for these “vaccines”. There is no way you can deny the impact science has had on these emerging advanced “diseases”. The founder of Microsoft now has an interest in population control? Catch my drift?
Bill your work is from the heart but #vaccines are not tested with mixing other drugs. This interaction may cause the rising problems. Vaccines stay in our bodies and doctors have no mixing data.
Y a peru los mS humildes y pobres como  hacer q llegue sobre todo a los colegios
#VaccinesWork To poison bodies, depopulate, sterilize, cause cancer, implant with nanotechnology and microchips and so much more. In the hands of a globalist negative eugenicist IT guy who turned global Doctor, vaccines are a deadly weapon.#Health
Yes Bill, a bit like creating a porous OS like windows, its a miracle anyone could cream it up - just like those miracle vaccines

Its never ending really

https://healthimpactnews.com/2018/mass-sterilization-of-millions-of-african-girls-through-tetanus-vaccine-scandal-broadens-as-kenyan-laboratory-attacked/ …

We're surrounded by miracles
Sir ji help me...please Sir...9582178728
This is a wonderful thing because there are so many children out there who don't have an access to vaccines.
You could buy everyone a vaccine and feed them for life!!!!! So why dont you????
mr.bill .我愿意帮你做这个，现在义务、免费。但是现在不知道从哪开始。
THIS GUY IS KILLING PPL WITH HIS VACCINES ON PURPOSE SOME ONE TAKE THIS MURDER OUT IF THE FBI DOESNT ARREST HIM THE PPL MOST DO A PUBLIC HANGING FOR HIM AND ANYONE IN HIS FOUNDATION
Please sir Being  Polio Incharge of My Area , i have a lot of Resistance  due to Anti-Polio Video Lectures by  Raymond Francis
Vaccines are not miracles!! Everyone should ask to read the black box warnings inside of the vaccines, and see the toxic sludge contained within! Mr. Gates, you know absolutely nothing about vaccines, yet are promoting them as "miracles". Money does not equal intelligence!
Thank you for all of the work you have done!
거룩한 꾸란에서보고 된 양자 물리학의 진정한 측면!

Gains in research hertz for biological frequencies data metadata receipt qualities produced in sensible plausible side projects of karma cluster fucked rivets of crucible features within divine nobility created in uncensored unbridled organic instinctual search for empathy wombAI
@TheChipClark You sir are huge terd...

 #RUNMEMYMONEY 
#TARGETSMATTER
#ESPECIALLYFINANCIALTARGETS
Bill -- love these STATS and Awesome work!  I've got some ideas to share - when you are open to a quick call.  Cheers.  Mark

PS: I helped design and install your fiber network in your Medina house w/ Sparling back in the day.  Fun project.
How can we raise that 80% in low-income countries to look like the 96% in high-income countries? Can we get low-income countries above that 80% now?
Great work!
HEY shit for brains BIRTH CONTROL is far more important than vaccines you too rich moron... try helping mankind not fake it in non effective ways that just add more people to a deadly doom end you are supporting...by 10 billion the whole system will fall apart YOUR GOAL
Vaccination for all children in the world  is a better future! Please go on with the efforts for vaccination and thanks for all!
Miracle
look at both sides.  out #stopmandatoryvaccines on fb. 1k of babies with major effects from #vaccines educate yourself
our children receiving HPV and tetanus Vaccines.
redemtiion and end fornication
This is showing awareness increasing global level.
Xin chào các bạn tôi là người Viêt Nam
Thanks
Good news from Great people
What type of your opinion on this sir, please help
Ofcoz
They are amazing but they are not a miracle.  They are not down to divine intervention.  It is down to human ingenuity.  And that for me is more important than any "miracle"
I thought vaccines are not good
It's funny cause it says have a shot
inspiring
Hot bird
Congratulation to our subscriber again ounce more in nigeria. Togo and others.  And for our new subscriber. Congratulations to you in advance and more wining to your account.  For sure fixed matches and booking code. You can call or whatsapp.  09026051771.  
NOTE :not for free.
Thank for your help.God bless you and your family.
Sir may god bless you with great health. You have chosen to give back your wealth to this world. And the spirits of this universe conspired to make it happen.
Nice shot
*shot at death. #VaccinesKill http://www.rescuepost.com/.shared/image.html?/photos/uncategorized/2008/08/11/wyeth79photo_3.jpg …
Thanks for championing this

Hepme please
True
Vaccines= management
Bill, give me a job!!!


And surprisingly, besides maybe money, Bill Gates had nothing to do with this. Give credit where credit is due. To all the health workers who got the people vaccinated. To the companies which manufactured & distributed the vaccine. Even to the politicians who allowed it to happen
Fuck Bill Gates. 

Anyone here interested in accurate information on vaccines should refer to: 

Dissolving Illusions - Suzanne Humphries
Ideological Constructs of Vaccination - Mateja Cernic
Vaccines and Autoimmunity - Schoenfeld 
Vaccine Epidemic - Holland & Habakus
I read this as a short life and I was like wtf Bill gates edgy af
Great feeling to feel towards wellbeing  progressive  programs . Thanq. For uniting the world with healthy  views. Who said there is no connectivity , we r well connected as one human race. Gl. Ml
Problem is you socalled elite super rich, intellegent ones. Are the cause of the worlds problems. Greed control. Reap what you sow, hell hot
So why did India kick you and your vaccines out.
Next breath you want to kill off billions ppl.
You support Monsanto killer drugs.  Not good
Good news, thank you.
Hmmm, Bill Gates vs Jenny McCarthy. Think I’ll go with the most successful businessman of the past century.
I thought u didn't vaccinate ur kids
Free To Be Free!!!
indeed. it's like 'give every life a healthy start! ' and ensuring every life must live long.
You’re a blessing to our generation. A real hero . Thank you so much Bill.
Also i didn't notice the pun in there. Nice.
Mr. Gates, don't bother. This is just another form of natural selection taking its course.
hmmmm.. Great Man
@RobertoBurioni
Sir  sir please  help me give me one job sir i study  bachelors of comerce and cmputer  applictiom study completed sir
Endpolionow
GEE YOU SURE HAVE A WAY WITH WORDS! LOL! "YOUR A POET AND YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW IT" A SHORT PHRASE I HEARD IN GRAMMAR SCHOOL ABOUT 50 YEARS AGO!
A. That is not true. B. Anything you touch, eventually turns to sh...even if it was a perfect product prior (see Skype). I wouldn't use anything that was made by creators of the worst software (really  malware) ever made and blanketing the globe with it.
What a good man. Making his money to save other people's life. God bless your generosity
Thank you so much
Sir ji please help me.... please Sir 9582178728
Don't you forcibly sterilize people?
MR GATES EVERYONE DESERVES A GOOD LIFE; I'M GLAD YOU ARE GIVING SO MANY THAT CHANCE!
So, why are some government people wanting to take healthcare away?
They dont want to remove it, they want to replace it.
They do work, but what incentives do pharmaceutical companies have to ensure they are available at an affordable rate world wide?
Oh I see what you did there. A “shot” at life. Very punny
Bill I can not belive that u did not read and u do not know whole truth about vaccins
Mr. Gates. do you own stock in Pharma?
Good job
Oh, as much as I admire you, Bill Gates, if I were you, I'd follow Melinda and dispense BIRTH CONTROL; ask superpowers to enforce MANDATORY BIRTH CONTROL so we wouldn't need all these vaccines/hunger/disease/pollution/oceans dying/animals brutally slaughtered by Billions yrly
thank you  you are the best
Vaccines cause autoimmune disorders
Thank you, Mr. Gates. What a gift you and Ms. Gates have given the world! Janelle Meraz Hooper, author, playwright
Agree more deseases coming in get vaccinated
Would you extend that to pre born children too, Bill?
Did you realize there was a pun in your statement about vaccines? You want children to have a shot at life?
I'm sure he realized this
service to humanity
Very nice  thought
you proud of world
Are not you involved in KILLING with these ? It should I say murder? That's what I hear .... If not better clear yourself... If so better start praying because the Lord is the avenger of such
QUERIA TER PARABENIZÁ-LO E TE DESEJA UM ENORME SUCESSO
Bill Gates' vaccines KILL PPL! #ArrestBillGates 
#TheGreatAwakening

HE CAME, HE VACCINATED, THEY DIED!

HPV Vaccine Gardasil Kills: Confirmed By Court Ruling  
 https://www.activistpost.com/2018/04/hpv-vaccine-gardasil-kills-confirmed-by-court-ruling.html …
Sir, do you think there is a relation between Vaccines and autism ? 

I appreciate your feedback.
Hello..!! I am with u in this ..
Sir.. u r doing such a nice job..
You should sterilize a good amount of the population at the same time! The Earth would be thankful  lol
Jokes aside, Incredible work you are doing.
BULLSHIT
Mr. @BillGates, what drove you to place your resources into health care?
Excellent! The survivability of the children Must be the responsibility of all
Thank you.

Thank You Bill Gates!
vaccines are science
Cue the Anti-Vaxx nut jobs
I wish I was born at a time where they didn't exist so I wouldn't be alive today haha yes
Wish we have more people like you. "Love your miracles" mosquitoes are really dangerous but still they are too common especially in Africa.
You mean, a shot for life amirite??? Hahaheheheh eh?
Thank you.
@JennyMcCarthy is who I get my medical advice. Nice try Bill
NO they are not a miracle. Those same countries would have built up tolerances to the same diseases and not have incidents like India had with the POLIO vaccine where tons of people got Polio from the vaccine . Vaccines are a 2ndary immune system inferior to your system.
You always do something special for normal peoples.... that can help every normal people and children ..good luck for all .
Well Said !
Wish they would have invented the pneumonia earlier.
“Shot @ life” ..... I like it
Indeed!Vaccines have always worked miracle for modern day civilisation!Good Morning,Sir!
Vaccines are made to kill people not to protect them
Sir the resources are plenty but countries/safe heavens for black money are responsible for these differences. So start and support compaign:
#CorruptionfreeWorld
#NoSupporttoBlackMoney
Plz RT if U agree World Legends:
@rogerfederer 
@realDonaldTrump 
@Pontifex 
@ABdeVilliers17
@BillGates
Hi. I want to get copyright from Microsoft.
Thank you, Bill Gates for your #amazing #work here! Regards from NYC..
Heureux d'entendre cette nouvelle miraculeuse. Mes frères ont vivement besoin de vous dans notre pays.
Children
you do the best for better link of live
Thank you Bill Gates for caring
Funny how your kids don't take these vaccine.

Only good knows what you guys have in these vaccines.
https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/vac-gen/additives.htm …

That’s just one vaccine they don’t get flu shots or MMR also bill chemicals don’t go in our body seems you are not as smart as we all thought or are you.....
http://tar.ge/  მიმდინარეობს 20 მილიონიან დოლარის პროექტის განხორციელება უფასოდ ორიგინალის ტექსტური ლექსიკონის http://tar.ge/  რუსულისა და ინგლისურის ქართულ ენაზე შევსებულია სიტყვითი რაოდენობა წინადადებაში - ინგლისურში 957548 და რუსულ ენაში 724405
