Thanks Mr. Gates, the Author of my book: The Run Away Telly George is partially from Liberia, Author Elizabeth Barnes,
@Elizabe65243369. Ellen Johnson Sirleaf is the former President of Liberia. I'm Telly George,  broadcasting for all children.
Congratulations madam Sirleaf, you deserve the award, God bless you.
Well there is the odd woman who stands out, but if you want to know that women are doing leadership everyday have at look at #Kumasi region #ghana there #asante women are matriarchs - those blokes that don't acknowledge this are either in denial or stupid
Exemplary ...Mother _Africa......#PeaceWorld
Wow great your thoughts . you are really genius person of the world .
Its few leaderships in africa which aware to live the presidential house in peace which doesn't not occur in african
Why so afraid to take a verbal stand against such a corrupt disgusting president?
My girls@and I were honored to be empowered by her keynote remarks at a conference in Wellesley, Massachusetts! Getting the *Touch of greatness*
Do you know the difference between your world and the world of the Middle East? @BillGates
She absolutely deserves this prize. An amazing leader and an amazing lady.
Nice
good and articulate. A mother.
Bill Gates PLEASE contact me God bless Pastor Noreen Aguirre
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
Integration of truth and sovereign behaviour in the interest of the humanity is more worth then honouring a woman!
Yes I was present for her second inauguration...great progress was made during her presidency, in the war
devastated Liberia. I congratulate her!
A true woman of substance.
Yes is
Slt  joyeuse fête à toutes les femmes du monde Merci
Wow!
Ellen Johnson one of the great women of Africa who despite Liberia her country torn with civil war and poverty,she managed to unite the country and uplifted people's lives especially women.
CONGRATS TO HER
yeah and I’m inspired by Pamela Anderson, you gotta admit shes got great talent in certain areas of life, even if thats not related with computers ha Bill...?!?  ;)
hay
i would wish her presidency got a most popular and contagious dimension inspiring other african countries
God Bless!!!
If only the #IWD2018 will focus more on the global women stablising and rebuilding their home fronts, how astronomically better the larger society and the world in general will be. Family fabrics is in shreds the world over. Hardly homes anymore. Result: tattered, confused world
We have to share our thoughts by up lifting our beloved woman throughout of all life sphere
It’s women like Her because of her excellence, perseverance and determination that inspires us....
curiously, invented by communists - After women gained suffrage in Soviet Russia in 1917, March 8 became a national holiday there. The day was then predominantly celebrated by the socialist movement and communist countries until it was adopted in 1975 by the United Nations.
Please share with me mom
Progress
Fine but why always the same road. Let's find a new way for the coexistence, Happiness for all. But this can only be possible by unlearn some of Our Advance approaches. Let's be a little traditional, explore our ancient KNOWLEDGE. Analyse steps towards PROGRESS till
To all the amazing girls and women in the world happy #InternationalWomenDay THIS IS OUR TIME.
Bill Gates, i had high regard 4 you but you have just destroyed every respect I had 4 you and your causes, though it doesn’t matter to you. Not because someone is a women, we should turn a blind eye to their wicked ways, corruption and poor leadership to award them. This is sad
I am deeply sadden that you will chose to highlight a women who contributed to the destruction of Liberia by sending rebels. And when given to opportunity as president to fix her mistakes she fail to do so for 12 years plus. She stole from Liberia and was a corrupt president.
Respected for .women empowerment
ET communication hypothesis: “They have many spaceships, we don’t!
We have an earthbound  Internet (binary 01)and they have an universal Neutron triad (Q+-)
Does it work forr those who seek for such a good work u did because keep questioning make a sense to those who can't speak for them self's
REALLY SHE IS AN EXAMPLE OF THE WOMEN
sex

Congratulations and a role model  for paving the way to younger generation.Thanks for sharing the article.
Happy woman day for all the world
Especially for african women
I want to appeal to u Bill to not give direct aid to the present Nig govt as they are not interested in the well being of the citizens.If u ve contact person's who deal directly with the people it would be better. The govt is using violence &insecurity to keep themselves in power
How beautiful

the leadership hisbeen achebment veterans
राम राम जी
Thank you, Mr Gates.
Congrats
The money it is the best congratulations.
Only shame that in Liberia are still morons religion rituals for girls and womans, as in other Africa.
bill gates   i beg of you   please run for president   we need a man like you    you can make such a difference
please
That inspirational she truly is!
Happy international women day
I salute her with heart
中国钱宝网千古奇冤，期待大家的帮助！几百万家庭被政府抢劫合法财产，被他们污蔑非法集资，企业7年，他们说合法，现在说非法，哪有这样的集资！

It's nice
Can you tell me how to get a job in your company
She deserves the price
It's  nice. 
I am inspired by u @BillGates  .. please visit INDIA.. Thank u.. I love you..
I got a pain in the ass aside from the one I got too
Congratulations for her.
Yes Sir at your service
Okay ok O
Happy women's Day
Madam Ellen Johnson Sirleaf deserves the accolades for her good governance and the freedom of the press and speech! Thou she could have done much more than what she did, but the task on hand for her was huge.
Inspiration
Great
To all the women out there we say thank you
Powerful woman indeed, against all odds rose to a powerful position in a continent where women are still regarded inferior to men
Hwd in advance
only one entrant ....
but well done 
Must check where Libraria is
Congratulations to Ellen, God bless her and use her to fulfill the God Will
...many attributes of democracy flourish more under compassionate leaderships. indeed.
congratulations!
Congrats! Africa needs more of her kind
happy women's day
H. W. D
i am not college topper..but all college topper are my employees...
#bill gates..
Everyday woman's day in india 
And indian people respect to all womans...
HAPPY WOMEN'S  DAY  Sir
Supreme  soul God Shiv Bless you for best health,longer life
Happy women's day
Mzungu most powerful women scandinavian, then kiwis (visit finn kindergarten etc). Most admirable africans, black africans 
Proud of you

Happy women's international day
@BillGates, sir you are inspire by any one but I am inspire by you.... It's difficult
Go Baby
Every creation in the world half has done by Women.....
Ah, so that's why you & MADD mom were so gung ho about Reagan-Bush and now Trump!
Grt
a fool and his money soon part ways
Wonder what James Monroe, with the capital of Liberia named for him, would say now.
Proud of you
Congratulations
Dalit Indians join the world to celebrate Women's day and congratulations to Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.
wow
Hello, I am a single mom of 6. I have been asking for help because we truly need it. Thus far we have not received any. My kids and I are going to be homeless unless we get some help. Please HELP US OR AT LEAST RETWEET. Thanks
it's not about #progess_of_women !!! it's all about "women's_rights  !! Every women's right  !!! who exist !!
Happy women's day Bill gates Sirji
Okey boss
This account is very important for me i do all my financial and officials work through it. I am stucked now... You can't imagine my suffering... I hope you will help me in this... For the Gods love
Yes Sir happy #1WD 2018
@AminaJMohammed great inspiration.
Hmmmmm!! Hmmmm!
May I have your attention Mr. Gates?
Was she not corrupt, in the end?
Nice sir Bill Gates how ar yousir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me i reqst many people but no one help me
A house doesn't rest on the ground but upon a woman - Mexican Proverb. @BillGates Thanks for the wonderful reminder. We plan to celebrate IWD in our household tomorrow.#IWD18
As a Liberian born individual this makes me happy! So much rebuilding has been done since nthe civil wars! Thank you Madam President!
Who cares
Token prize
Mis respetos, @BillGates . Honestamente, eres un hombre admirable y créeme, soy de admirar a pocas personas, pero tú eres una de ellas. Espero poder avanzar juntos y realmente cambiar el mundo, aunque sea algo idealista, es POSIBLE. Abrazos desde España, amigo.
Sir, I don't celebrate perticular day for them because I respect women every second,I protect them  in any situation,I don't let  them go away
I have often wondered whether you donate any money to animal causes, or environmental causes?   Donating only to humans is dangerous because the planet is way too over populated by humans.
@tvcnewsng @lindaikeji @naijcom @pmnewsnigeria @NigeriainfoFM @
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
#Demonetisation_Scam
Sir , India already into future and celebrating #IWD2018 .  It's one thing ingrained in our culture since thousand years ago .
Good morning bill.
Please help my nephew GoFundMe campaign for his wife and kids why he fights for his life.the guy that hit him did not stop to help him.he killed the dog that was walking with him..he is fighting for his wife and kids I'm the only one in the family trying
Check your email please sir..I can take a rejection...I got beat up by several inmates as Sgt. saving other officers and the noone will http://help.so  I'm used to it
#WomensDay2018 
Happy women's day
Many people are being ignored by #Microsoft support staff. As the owner of the company are you not bothered by this at all?
Chicks...I wanna say they rule, but really, chicks govern responsibly which is really the best we can expect from governors.
Thank you Billl Gates for all you and your wife do for humanity.
I like creamed corn
Lovely to see african heads of states making off with good gotten loot! Go on Ellen.
Great inspiration .
Congratulations #IWD2018
