God help you and your family
Good morning  sir
I wish u Luck! But what about the cause of it? Having seen 2 generations of this disease in my family...I'm observing causes for prevention...
Was in @thelllenshow audience ystrday w my girls. Did not know you were helping fund research for this horrific disease. Thank you
My house sir
And he calls for reducing the world’s population by 6 billion!!!!!  Wow!!!
Funny how things don't really matter to us until we experience it first hand. Better late than never for you to get involved. Let's hope it helps.
Reason why he's helping out Alzheimer's disease to make up for all the trouble that he does to America he hangs out with Illuminati the Cobell and the rest of the George Soros Rothschilds he's nothing but trouble
We have an FDA Phase IIa clinical trial and first ever preclinical results on Alzheimer's but cannot get audience with Bill Gates to present. Any assistance in this opportunity would be greatly appreciated. mhowe@stemedica.com
Sir please support to build Children home in a village in Anantapur district ,Andhrapradesh,SouthIndia ,I need $50000 only sir.
+919845013733
You're just God sent to human being on earth.
Glory be to God that you're available in our generation.
I know... Jesus. And not christianity.
Great Grandmother and Grandmother both died from it. It’s genetic.
Stop vaccinating people with aluminum tainted vaccines.
God bless you and all you do Thank you
Sir, I want to do profitable business. Can you help me to giving information & right way.
You need to understand that real Alzheimer´s disease is a relatively rare disease but it has become synonymous term for all kinds of dementia which are mainly caused by cerebrovascular disease. The best way to prevent it, is to control all the known cardiovascular risk factors.
BUT WITHOUT JESUS ALL IN VAIN
The MIND Diet can reduce the risk of developing alzheimers disease by up to 53%.
What I don't understand is why Bill Kate has billions of dollars and they have a new technology for kidney patients why doesn't he help

Very noble of you to try and find a cure but I would like to point out that MS is as devastating as Alzheimer’s and generally hits people much younger, in their prime, money earning years. Wish there was more help and hope for this disease too.
Most people don't get involved in anything unless it affected them somehow. Both @BillGates and @mariashriver have been affected by Alzheimer's. When they're affected by MS, FIBRO, ALS or anything else is when they'll help. Best wishes. Keep fighting!
My dad died 1 year ago Feb 11th.he didn't know who I was.
Dear sir . I am chaminda pushpa kumara . I am from sri lanka . I am married. I have one daughter. I don't have a house of my own. I am a mason. I can't afford to build a house and support a family I kindly. Request you to be sympathetic towards me. My wife & daughter and help to
Can you invest in curing ALS (MND)
I hope they find one were people can get better 
hai your are a talent person
…https://ajudaeuconstruirminhacasa.blogspot.com.br/ 

Es una enfermedad muy triste, porque se sufre ver deteriorarse a las personas que una quiere, que se encuentre una cura pronto.
Sir 
With this idea May God Bless you and give you and your family first very good health and long and happiness because of your good and Clean health may God you Sir.
Vitamin K2 very important. Mitochondrial electron transporter, affects insulin, reduces calcium deposition. APOe4 involves Vitamin K2 recycling. Please research in connection to Alzheimer’s.
Hello sir
Its Not About Me_Its About Us: Those Who Want 2Give God Glory. Thank God Alway Give Glory To God While We "Help" 1Another Not Wanting Glory 4OurSelves=Humility | Rev22:12-14 He's ComingQuickly Mr. Gates Blessed Are Those Who Do His Cmds=The Right2TreeOfLife

Please Bill, I heard you from the benefactors  +212629810258
Here’s some inspiration from the King Beaver Poetry Club “As Time Goes Bye Life Goes On” written in our monthly Progressive Home Health Poetry Workshop! They asked me to share this on my social media accounts!! #poetry #workshops #Healthcare #innovation #everyday #inspiration
Yes psychopaths can feign emotional empathy too.
You invested in #GeoEngineering Bill Gates. That is causing Alzheimer's & Dementia. You are a part of the problem. Complicit in global crimes against humanity. #Health
#BillGates #Alzheimer's #Health
Hello I have Alzheimer's dementia and Motor nurion and would like some help in getting an extension built so I can have my own bedroom and shower room  could you help me thank you
Very nise
Talk to me Bill, if you want to beat this before it is your or for that matter my my turn.
Stop adding taxes to Xbox gift cards
Hallp


I am prood to hear that from bill gate .help her to archive that issues
Forgive all these tweets but I am not a doctor & I feel U can get info to the correct 1's. I don't know but is it possible that the glue was first Endurance Glue, then when the warning was on this glue a company resubmitted under a different name as Smart Set I believe plse check
Also explain the different type of cancer that hit my big right joint toe. I am so upset all I can think about a child getting this metal in them and what happens within 10-15 yrs old down the road when the parts wear out. My first knee was hot for over 2 yrs burning in my body
I just find out that there was Arsenic in Colbalt, I am crying and oh God please help the others. There is so many people with this in them I still have it in me bc I have a bigger part now & it runs the gammit of my leg from thigh down and about a few inches from ankle. That may
I ended up w/poison toxitity from the nickel & Arsenic colbalt, the LTT test only showed the nickel posioning, we need better test in addition to the LTT blood test 
All this explains the Y I feel that " flight 2 fight syndrome" like I am dying & also this may be Y my heart stops
Being a nurse I researched to find the answers, I thought my knee was Titanium but it had parts that were colbolt andtoday Just this very moment I found out more about this metal that should never be in man it has Arsenic in the metal  https://www.thoughtco.com/cobalt-element-facts-606520 … This is how come ...
I had 3 questions What did I have, what made me sick & how do I get rid of it. I not only felt like I was dying I knew I was dying I even had the death mown  I could not get any answers except from Mayo that I had CFAPS, I have no cure for it but God's grace
What is the common denominator 4 all these connections of diseases could it be the metals within an other chemical mixing once introduced to the body, The reason I am saying this is that I had a TKA & was sick as soon as I came out of surgery, long story short I ended up stage 4
? If the synapses R shooting off wrong & it causes nerve damage it is also connected to Restless Leg Syndrome... AntiOxidants kill radicals https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Açaí_palm  this means that maybe it can B controled w/natural remedie sphytonutrients Targeted nutrition 4 the body, Another ?
I am just hinking if Alzheimer's is related to Seizures (which Micheal Jackson passed away from) He had Benzene meds this is cancerous meds not good, it takes away the oxygen bc of chemical components & replaces it w/Carbon Dioxide which kills the cells,  https://www.epilepsyresearch.org.uk/recognising-when-epilepsy-is-linked-to-alzheimers-disease/ …
Imagine the Time when Alzheimer’s and more are gone forever! 3 min video: https://tv.jw.org/#en/mediaitems/VODOriginalSongs/pub-jwbon_201603_1_VIDEO …
الغريب انك لا تتحاور مع احد
Just playing around my real brother
Where do you get your suits at goodwill
मे भारत मे मजदूरो पर हो रह अन्याय के खिलाफ ऐक मजबूत मजदूर सन्गेठनं बनाना चाहता हू, सर मूजे आप से सहायता की जरूरत हे,मेरी सहायता की जाय सर।
sir kya aap meri sahayta kar sakte hain


I am a laborer paying me a kidney paying Rs 8 lakh to the hospital Please ask me and ask for my syndicate bank account number H.S.G 06532180093483.HS R Layout Bangalore. IFSC no.synb0000653
Thank you for your Investment and compassion to solving Alzheimer’s which affect so many families.
Lets see now. The KING of the New World Order and eliminating "BAD" races of the world, IS NOW WORRIED ABOUT ALZHEIMER'S! We can only hope!
We need to fight diseases like these on a war footing and help find solutions to them at the earliest.

Pls call me
I wonder why you wouldn't look into the advances ProMIS Neurosciences of canada has achieved with their "best in class" pmn310,
Dr. Cashman has r&d'd this field &AD since early '80s.
Thank you.
a great human in the world.



Bill gates sir
Can I work for you please? I have a MBA!
If our AI-Assisted search engine can help speed research by pasting the entire medical research paper, just say the word and the engine is yours:
I’m sick guys help need some money to be treat
hello sr so im happy to talk about you please i need help my mom is sick i know you can help i dont know please help me
Thank you for your humanity and I pray your father will be healed
You and Melinda always showing Grace and love , The Most High is watching as many more  people could help you but want because their family has not been impacted. Thank you all because my family need this support. Blessings
I hope a cure is found! Thanks for all of your efforts! I’ve witnessed too many family members experience this terrible disease! Thank you!
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Let's try nutrition . most processed foods ,including wheat ,are making people deficient, ( filling you up ) try eggs with butter ,or poached eggs dipped in hot water. Omega oils & Eggs are the best ,for fueling our brain (composition of proteins in the brain ?)
Longevity advanced do not matter unless we lick Alzheimer's.
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Honzo Kampo,Rosemary HuperzineA, please research and Tibetan Methods of anti aging including apricot kernal oil
Hi
If anyone can do this, it's you.
Alzheimer can cure through herbal formula in my use.
Goods
I am GOD GIVE ME MONEY!
Our services:
* prayer
* meditation
* peace therapy
* visiting hospital
* food for elders
* anti hospital death 
* anti accident 
* anti tobbaco 
* anti alcohol
* anti anxiety 
* student councelling
* former councelling and field visiting
* patient councelling
@TODAYvshow Slt  compassion  à votre souffrance Prenez la avec philosophie Vous avez eu la chance de connaître un père  Merci
I would love to share my story with you. My Mom is in the end stages. She is 69. #endalz
So sorry for you and your family. Your father always gave me hope. He is such an honorable, honest and caring man. Whenever he supported an issue or appeared on our local news I listened because I knew he would say something important. So sorry for you all.
Mr. Gates it's an awful disease that can easily be prevented studying it up close.   One can minimize its affects: first step ...throw away all meds w/ bad mental side affects...

Please find a cure for Parkinson’s too, I beg this of you.
Alzheimer's villages. A dignified and humane treatment for those afflicted. Well worth investing not only funding but time and effort.
If God does not exist, then why would you care?  You are just empty bubbles floating on a cosmic sea of nothingness! Time + Matter + Chance = Nothing
My dad died from Alzheimer's. It's too late for him, but not for others! Thank you for your support!
@CrystalJonesDMH a patient advocate and I co-founded @SkyddaCARE we plan to address these concerns. I too have experienced a loved one diagnosed with Alzheimer's and Crystal was faced with caring for her Dad. @SeniorSafe #seniors #ENDALZ #healthandsafety #ThursdayThoughts
Dear bill still haven't been arrested for crimes against humanity
Congratulations!
Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus is often misdiagnosed as Alzheimers.  It is treatable with surgery.  People regain memory cognition and mobility.  Ask for an MRI before accepting a diagnosis of Alzheimers.
Yes. So important! I have seen so many of my clients misdiagnosed with Alzheimer’s when it was a different type of Dementia. There needs to be so much more education!
Thank you @BillGates and@mariashriver for your tireless time & dedication to this horrible disease. Lost our dad 8 years ago
Mr.Gates, Have you all looked into your father's histamine levels and his reaction to salicylates? Foods and drugs can be high in these compounds and cause inflammation & brain fog & disorientation. Has he been tested for heavy metal toxicity?
Also, have you had his nutritional status tested? I realize he is older but really most likely at this age it is related to some environmental cause. I know U have all the specialist in the world but go see an integrative medical doctor who specializes in reversing this disorder.
Memory and many age related problems are due to nutritional deficiencies as we age. Have you put him on a gluten free diet? Also, organic as we all know glyphosate is a dangerous carcinogen that affects the body and esp. the liver in a myriad of ways.
Respectfully, sir, most likely, unless genetic,I doubt a pill or pills will really solve the Alzheimer's question. The research needs to focus on digestive health, chemical and heavy metal toxicity, nutritional status and strengthening immune function.
I'm Indian sir plz donation me
Brother Gates could you please build us a CHURCH? A place where men can come and have their SOULS healed - and if there's any other infirmities in their body, Father can heal that too. Call me at 334-414-6143
Most people lose a loved one once!  Alzheimer’s takes your loved one twice!  It is a devastating disease and no one wants to “live” with it. It is certainly not living.  #ENDALZ
As one of many carers supporting those living with Alzheimers, so  grateful for your commitment to research. 
Hi the one and only who has many money
Nice one sir...
Thank you for taking a position in this fight.  Supporting consolidation of ideas and research just seems to make common sense.  Together, we can make a difference.
Thank you for your work Alzheimer's
Thank you for highlighting this heartbreaking condition. My grandparents and my parents all (unknowingly) live with this daily.
survive you hell fire think a lot ..........by see you later
advice you is to become Muslim and Allah give you paradise when you become a good Muslim person and I want to
their countries there is no any disaster but infidels want to destroy the Muslims so still you are live I would like
#StopAfrinGenocide
but you have to think and sometimes we seen that some buildings destroy or effect earthquek and how about Muslims
when person die there is no other making another things
your religion and do you think when you die what will happen .....no really you don't know because Christians believe
The experiences I had while my wife underwent chemotherapy and radiations,I decided I must persuade voluntary blood donation campaign mist be cont'd.But I need HELP to do it as I am70+ now
Plz donation me I'm alone plz Help me
to become a Muslim person really there is no soul will live all people will die ....really it's not good to insult
your stories I know that you are a rich person but Allah is the richest one I don't want to you money but I want you
U still remain d best among d rest, i am happy 2 wish u a happy new month
hello bill gate......my name is Abdirahman abdullahi Joseph I'm one the students in somalia..........really I heard
It is inspiring.I worked for voluntary blood donation campaigns-Madras Voluntary Blood Bank and RSSHSS voluntary blood donation campaign from 1978 to 1988 spending my money as I was on service.I  Then worked as a http://teacher.Now  my wife got cancer from 2015.I need HELP.
不放弃不抛弃
It is awful. I lost my husband to it two yrs ago to early onset. My heart goes out to you!
@BillGates @mariashriver @TODAYshow
Gud
I am greatly agrees with you point of view sir. I can still remember the time when doctors diagnosed blockage of heart arteries of my father and I was not able to give him money to get my father operated and I lost my father in my arms tights after a few months.

c5S G7MM7chúclppo
 hum   9f.miimi
Hope you find some ch comfort in knowing that your father has lived a long and full life. My father had it in his late 80s and lived into his early 90s. It was tough to watch him slip away slowly, and in such moments, we can only turn to God. May God bless your effort & family.
Go for it Bill, unfortunately if people like you don’t champion these things nothing will change! #betterfuture
sir you are so kind hearted person thats wht i love you
My heart is with you. All my prayer for your father.
There is one who loves us so much, but he is never given a chance all because of unbelief. We think giving money is the answer, but because of his mercy he reveals the cure.
Bill sigues equivocado, Alzheimer tuvo Nixon, en el Perú lo tiene @ppkamigo , pero ambos sabemos de Metahumanos y de las curas de la mayoría de enfermedades, @melindagates está sana, tú estás sano @MSEmpresasLatam y tus Fundaciones deben luchar por esto
There is a disease that gets very little attention. CJD (creutzfeldt jakob disease) aggressive form of dementia. Need help there  too
Only 1 in a million get CJD, so very little focus. I am seeing my father go from absolutely independent person to almost invalid in 3months





with out
        HOPE
we have nothing

Hi Bill sorry to hear about your Dad’s illness.. and great to see your will to find the cure!! it is a genuine question from me that can Yoga reverse the effects of Alzheimer’s disease or practising yoga can prevent Alzheimer’s from happening?
Bill: you are a good man with a good heat who works 24/7/365 to help all = THANKS.
Alzheimer’s/dementia truly is a tragic disease.  It has devastating effects on families & those who suffer. I see it too often as a nurse. It is my hope that better treatments can be discovered if more research is conducted. Thank you Bill Gates. Your help is much appreciated.
Thank you Bill - we need a leader to step up & help solve this mystery for all the families that suffer when a loved one has Alzheimer’s like my Mom 
My mom suffered for 9 years..as did  we.  We were grateful to keep her at her home were we had grown up.  Fortunately she was healthy physically. .but it broke us financially to pay for the help we needed daily .we took turns sleeping over .. but I wouldn't trade a single moment
