thank you for being one of the good guys
Given the absence of pharmaceutical treatment, our lab is seeking funding for a small project on the effectiveness of cognitive training to slow down symptoms. (But cognitive approaches don’t get funded in medical panels)
Absolutely.  In fact, I think more money should be spent to find a cure for Alzheimer's and Cancer than the outrageous amounts spent on political campaigns.
Read @TeamSherzai ‘s  book The Alzheimer’s Solution. Nutrition is the key to eliminate disease
We really appreciate everything you've done to push the fight against dementia forward, Bill. Thank you for helping us spread the word about dementia across the world. #sharetheorange 
Thank you for sharing #ShareTheOrange Bill ! When directing this film with the talented people at @aardman & @ARUKnews my ambition was to highlight the human stories behind people living with dementia. Hope it will help continue to improve understanding and inspire more support.
My Beautiful Mum's Name was Joan 

My Mum had Dementia 

This is Our Story 

9 Short Films 

http://tommy-on-tour-2011.blogspot.co.uk/2013/10/my-mums-name-was-joan-whitelaw-my-3.html?m=0 …
Just had the heartbreak start this Christmas  thank you for putting your might behind the push to research.
I totally agree my friend this seems promising 
I would like to see a study of a very low carb diets in early stage Alzheimer,  as it will not lead to a new drug, hard for anyone to get the funding.
@virtahealth would be my choose of team, as if anyone can get low carb to work for Alzheimer they can.   It needs  a team that truly believes in the low carb lifestyle to run a valid study, as otherwise people will not keep to the diet long term.
On behalf of all the people who have suffered from this hellish disease or who have cared for a loved one going through it, thank you for making this one of your top priorities.
Thank you for your support Bill – we’re thrilled that our @magda7osinska’s work with @ARUKnews & @BryanCranston is touching hearts and minds around the globe.  It’s so great to see that #ShareTheOrange is already having a positive impact in supporting Alzheimer’s research!
Can we donate something like 10, 20, 30 $
yes sir
Hi
hi
Hi dear h r u
great I bless God
Dear Sir
I allow myself to say hello, I have been a swimming coach for 34 years, I live in Venezuela, a country of crisis, my goal is to found centers of debate, nationally because I believe only education will  rescue the country, would you be willing to collaborate? Thank you
Yes, research is needed. We also need critical funding for improving conditions, caregiving education, Aging communities, ethics &best practices. 15 million Alzheimer’s suffers, and their caregivers,are not getting the adequate quality of life that they deserve. #aging #health
Luckily you have a ton of cash so you don't need to waste time with funding and investors, you can simply pay for all of it in cash. Nice work
My father at 59 was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s so thank you to everyone who has liked and shared this post  #Alzheimers
It gives me great confidence that we are going to make a difference in combating Alzheimer’s with a champion of your stature on board Bill. Hopefully other champions will follow your wonderful example to help end Alzheimer’s sooner.
My dad and grandpa both passed from Alzheimer’s. Hoping for a breakthrough soon.
Awesome
@KalgeraUK
Too good initiative.
Hope it's success 
#ShareTheOrange
Mr Bill Gates
From jordan with love
@BillGates
Look at our campaign. Huge success rate.
Has anyone considered the effects of ketosis on Alzheimer’s patients? I mean back in the 1920s they placed patients with epilepsy on a Ketogenic diet and saw that they stopped having seizures. So we know it effects areas of the brain, why not support companies like pruvit?
Absolutely correct because neurons have limited ability to regenerate. Must get to the root cause(s). This won’t be hard. But everyone is different in genes and their enzymes),the other  step will be rationally designing preventions to end Alzheimer’s.
Last night I was just talking about it because I am sensing that my business partner is heading that route he has been very forgetful, so I am getting worried . It would be a major breakthrough if someone can find a cure for Alzheimer .
WOW
This is a wonderful film 
thank you
I hope it will be an easy way to understand Alzheimer's disease
I hope the research will start with Dementia and how it transitions into Alzheimer's. Thank you for your participation.
It's genetic-metabolic.
Hmmmmm 
C60 
Should be a great start
If you’d paid an ethical amount of tax in the past then perhaps some of these organisations would’ve had the money years ago.
@avose moving. hope it brings attention and funding.
I'm a great fan of yours and sincerely love your charitable works.  My greatest problem is that most of our leaders in Africa and particularly Nigeria do not have that habit of charity. Please what advice can you profer for them
Absolutely correct,by research scientists will understand the root  of problem,hens,able to give the correct solution .
Mr. Gates. Something needs to be done to motivate future biomedical researchers to stay in their careers. An average graduate level university researcher makes less than a mechanic or even a garbageman! How can someone expect us to discover new cures when we can't make a living?
Wonderful idea
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Do share the Orange 
Please share the orange with someone
It's too good message sir to us 
I agree with you,  sir.
Very gud message
My mom #Alzheimer's for 14 year . We r ALL in this together. #caregivers
Oh you have altered the course of Alzheimer's Bill. You invested in #GeoEngineering, thus causing the disease via aluminum nanoparticulate dumps into the atmosphere.
These particulates of course, as you know can breach the blood-brain barrier, thus causing such diseases to arise.
Hello sir. I'm indian   proud of u
How is Dad   I do Mary talks about Alzheimer’s every few months to help families understand and cope.  One of my favorite books for loved ones is Creating moments of Joy.
There is Az history in my sons fathers side, grand fa & g gr mother both died of it. Thanks for what U Do.  M
Hii everyone please re-tweet my tweets so that it reach to Mr Bill gates so I can discuss a idea of a new social app, which will help all of you in future, I am not rich to go usa to meet him believe me my idea is really great, help me to contact him before this diseases kill me.
God created every thing in the universe with a limited Span of life and it is perished with in the period after it's expired date. No body is able to save it even the God him self. So  no research is required
Plz check..@mohitso71490359
We all should support this initiative and get cure of this disease
#ShareTheOrange
Couldn't be better
#ShareTheOrange great going sir. All the best from for wellness of society
Yes, a devastating disease that we need to beat. Thanks for your support @BillGates.
Here is my 2 cent idea. "Brain mapping" We already can do brain scans and layer the results to create a 3D model of a persons brain. Used to determine how bad a tumor is. Why not use the data as base of a persons brain, then use stem cells to repair damage from illnesses?
As one who lost her mother to Alzheimer’s, this made me cry. Thank you @BillGates for taking on this critical issue in our society. #sharetheorange
"The end of alzheimers" The first program to prevent and reverse cognitive decline, great book by Dr. Dale E. Bredesen.
When is your meeting with the Saudi dictator?
éxito. desde Chile. y gracias por su aporte en diferentes materias al mejor pasar de las personas. buen día.
but please fire @satyanadella first.  @Windows 10 crash daily. Support have IQ below 80 hired by @satyanadella from among friends and family not merit based
perhaps fake Gates will help sooner than the real one :) @satyanadella never before task manager would take 30 seconds to start - this program always had an immediate priority - you are plane incapable #firesatyanadella
The over thinkers and the underthinkers
Fluoride calcifies the third eye and the brain
Thanks Bill. My mom was diagnosed at 47. It was awful. Hopefully we can find a cure!
Hey superman's fan,  I hope your mom gets well... How do you enjoy WWE??
Watched it for years with my grandpa and kept watching ever since.  It’s silly but I enjoy it. My mom passed away 11 years ago but watching developments in Alzheimer’s is always on my mind.
OMG,  am sorry about her loss, it must have been hard but you look tough beside those spectacles...i never really enjoyed watching it but my brothers do, guess it's why I asked lol,  am Lydia
xD share the orange is so amazing
Helo i am very intersting of your job and please help me now.
In the research you'll find diet being one of the primary movers towards a solution.

Improve quality of food and you'll see a rapid decrease.

The sooner people begin to understand you can effectively grow organically with the proper methods, noticeable change will occur.
I would that we do that as a matter of  urgency, where there is a way there is a will
Hello
Mr. Gates.Please do all that you and your organization can do in this fight.  If I can help in any way please let know. Sincerely, Shellie Gary
Diseases are really taking precious human lives. Thank you for you good thoughts. Peace  be unto you
My respect! My father did not experience it! It was part of the research, I was personally with him to the end. Connect me to the company, I to tell them where they are in the error. Nada
Alzheimer disease seems to be diabetes of kind three... #refinedsugars
I watched Alzheimer's ravage my husband for 10 years, I watched dementia enter into the woman who gave me life, I am forever changed, what horrific cruelty bestowed on one who becomes noting but an existing shell of whom they once were, God must be on your side to find a cure,
Thank you for your effort of spreading knowledge about the disease through internet! The film is wonderful.
I'm a skeptic.  I think something was done very evil in the world typically when someone holds out hope for of a potential cure.
Our president is so uneducated to know that.
Hello there are already good natural products in bran regeneration and not expensive. I'm a bioenergotherapist, rainmaker and nutritionist, and mum. i worked with psychologists with big improvement in 3 weeks in autism, Alzheimer and Parkinson. edencenter.ro@gmail.com 40740176750
If you can help do something about the rise of tinnitus not enough being done in research, not a single effective drug or treatment available still. Tinnitus Research needs funding :)
Waiting  for  Ripen orange
I do active research into neurodegenerative diseases. We investigate interventions that impact progression of the diseases. I also reach on aging. I am hopeful that this year or early next year, we will be able to report that approaches can impact these diseases. It takes time.
How about investing in research that targets the known nutritional deficits of folks with dementia? I already have an idea about why more woman than men get Alzheimer's? Why are they being ignored?
...fantastic to sponsor medical research...but losing so many experienced biologists as the system caters for ad hoc projects without affording them any job security at all
Nice bill gates
Hii
nice my father bill gates you have done well for world May almight God bless your family is nice that you are thinking a but  people don't have and you help them good good my name is Safianu Ibrahim............am from Ghana.
Or stop using microwave ovens
Share the Orange 
Please lm from gaza.....
M . Bill lm from gaza     please im belive to help me .... please   0592317630 number my fune..
Hi dad
Yes sir..
It's true that we are facing the healthy problem today. We need to wake up from the mass of knowing cancers, diseases and any other human problems. I learned a lot from this video. It is beneficial for knowing and reminding how important our health is.
(y)
Very nice sir
Alzheimer can cure through herbal formula in my use.
Bill, This violence in Chicago is a Cancer! Need your help spreading awareness, Music Over Violence, Give the Children a Microphone they will set down the gun! #Help
I would that we do thatas a matter of  urgency, where there is a way there is a will

this is good cause for the community development
Its so important
Thank you.  I carry the APOE4 gene and it was disheartening to find out that @pfizer was halting their research.
Good cause. Congratulations
Alzhiemers
You should be arrested for medical crimes

Please sir an healths worker I graduate this years. Please sir I seriously looking a job but I know you can help me to get the job. Please help me as how god help you to be the richest man in world. I already obtain diploma in community healths. 08067931610
R
Thanks !
May God strengthen you sir.

Awesome...this is fact.....
...effective promotional campaign can be made to make science both the emotion n the reason of the civilization. 
...  rational for spending big  on research by all' ll be so normal then.
- also a generic transformation in belief system in favor of science to encourage more spending on research, needed
-science should be projected as ''Mother Science'' that takes so much care of us all fro birth to death
...once emotion attached to science a new movement ll unfold
Great man
 #humans #Alzheimer #sharetheorange #science #technology #research
#Alzheimerebook
There is a medical doctor in the States who discovered the benefits of Coconut oil in neutralizing her husband's sudden onset dementia. Dr Mary Newport.
I agree, Alzheimer and cancer should have the govt. attention instead of giving to projects that make no sense!
I want 2 eat that orange...looks tempting...just being bad
Thank you for the information on Alzheimer's.
Thanks for supporting the cause
Please invest in bipolar and autism cures!
#GoVegan
Thank you for sharing
Protect your websites,landing pages,blogs,leads and digital content from HACKERS! Our cutting edge 2018 software protects you from even the most determined Russian & N.Korean hackers so you don't loose all your hard-work in seconds.. https://bit.ly/2pARjzO 
I can presee the success. wonderful!
Let us all together fight it out.All the best to the team.
You’re great 
Sory aem not sbek anlec
Sir I need help
Bill I am 77 and know you are right in your assumptions
Good work you are doing out there. We need more engagements from world leaders.
hi bill do hope thru your foundations u can give free internet access as well as free laptops to countless of bill gates to be in d making if given d avenue to explore thru d web .philippines is just one hotbed of talents untapped due to poverty .
we have 40k local barangays or local govt assn  these could be tapped to spread whatever programs you can think of to make our kids internet connected with the rest of the world
This near and dear to one of our faculty researchers at Iowa State University. You should come check it out.
Playing the top hit song of each year, starting at person's birth year, and back through them repetitively....is another way to reverse Alzheimer's. 
mister bill gates can i talk with you it is my wish for my birthday
Thank you for spreading the word @BillGates @BryanCranston @ARUKnews #ShareTheOrange
In loving memory of the delightfully pretty and witty, Granny Jones.
We all are gonna need this one day, so thanks for the research
Greetings Sir,wish to work with you,u need a vibrant,smart, good looking,honest,and passionate young lady like me.that is ever willing to work. Please try me.
Thank you. Our government is doing nothing for research.
Why I follow Bill Gates: his opinion is based on researching the work being done and giving us a considered, balanced opinion. I respect what he reports as being valuable to my own assessments.  @kdavis987
We are just starting the journey after my mum was diagnosed last autumn.
Thank you!!!
Vitamin C
That is a very good news Bill, keep going, help us with this illness too...You Rock. Blessings.
I think Bill Gates has fantastic idea. It is important to find out the causes, effects and  type of medication to be provided to the people affected. I teach research and understanding specific needs. I am ready to carry out a research when you support me with funds. Thank you.
Even if we do find a cure you think EVERYONE will have access to it Mr. Gates?I don't think so.
I love that you support Alzheimer’s research.  In years past I worked with the Foundation at Providence in setting up lectures for the families.  It is so hard on families when you’re parent becomes your child.  I watched it so many times and they prompted me to learn more. 
Mary
Dementia is a terrible thing to see a loved one go through. Just heartbreaking
Great research giving an example with a orange.
Good going Mr. Gates!! This Idea will change many lives and change the results of people who have Alzheimer's disease
Key but the meds has to get to all life. No matter if they are Rich or pore. We all matter 
Alzheimer
A state of MIND where your memories slowly get erased.
Physically, some cells of your mind become dead or inactive normally when YOU grow old, very old.
Truly it's a problem..is it? I doubt 
May be at this age, you are just very close to REALITY/ Purpose of LIFE.
Quit setting on billions put it to work

Hello Sir, how are you Sir? I hope you are fine? Thank you Sir God you in Jesus name Amen.
I pretty sure if the orange comes from completely organic source and atmosphere!
Deideijiangdedei
Sir, what do you think of the recent China-us trade war?
Keep active, moving; eat healthily, exercise a little elderly persons can not move stronger or longer.
