This is not something to be proud of, people should be living for centuries at least. We think we have advanced medicine but we're still apes banging rocks together. These horrifying graphs should be a wake up call, an 80 year average lifespan is shameful.
My grandmother is about to turn 98 in a month and my aunt my grandmother sister is turning 100 in two weeks and they live everyday by having good synergy. My grandmother is old school for remedies that I have acquire and take care of myself  one luv
The average lifespan of any humanoid species with decent technology could be theoretically infinite. Basic universal healthcare alone will increase average lifespan to 250 years.
Universal healthcare will not do what you claim.
Ever tried it?
I doubt about the happier part sir
Do you think watching your kid die made people happy it’s probably the worse thing imaginable any complaints we have pale in comparison and thankfully childhood deaths could soon be a thing of the past.
Absolutely nope
So you really think we are less happy than humans 150 years ago? Either you are absolutely insane or you are a serial pessimist that only closes their eyes to everything
Lol, perfect example of the people that do not care about facts
Go to Syria, Afghanistan,yaman,etc u will find happy dying children's......now talk about facts..... innocent childrens r dying for doing nothing .... people had also died in world war1&2 but still nothing much changed
Yes, they are, and its horrible, but 200 years ago half of those children wouldn’t have even survived beyond 1 year olds and many of the rest would have died before being adults! Yes, its horrible, but we’ve never been better
To participate: 0xae2047575c83e6297d42fc9d77a3cafd5a8365ce
I think we might be related somehow... wanna meet up in person so we could catch up on old times?
 It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
I do believe it’s about how an individual is taking care of themselves mentally the mind the body is something that we all must appreciate to live longer and healthier lives. One luv

Happy? For how long?


Thank you for your opinion billionaire. Lives aren't just data.
"But life isn’t lived in the aggregate, and it’s crude utilitarian sentiments like this — a jarring blend of chipper triumphalism and unfeeling sang froid — that makes 'Enlightenment Now' such a profoundly maddening book." https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/28/books/review-enlightenment-now-steven-pinker.html …
Sorry I don't believe that people's are living longer than befor,just take exemple of my grandfather and his sister live more than 100 years
...but complain more

Quoting David Brooks: “Thebig problem with his rationalistic worldview is that while he charts the way individuals have benefited over the centuries, he spends barely any time on the quality of the relationships between individuals”
Well only a billionaire can say as much
Great lovely
@syed_fahad_07
People!  @brunoefrainsos1 is not Bill Gates, get a clue. 

Ignore the spam in this post.
Except that we are lowering our life expectancy here in the US simply for being stupid. For taking drugs that our government gives out like candy and then punishes people for taking after handing it out like candy. So, take note of our standing on the evolutionary scale here.
Thanks Bill.Have a Great Weekend.God Bless.
I'll sent it already.....I just don't have the assurance if you had received those ideas only applicable....But God gave me signs they will become true....
Kindly Confirmed if Received already....
Thankyou Sir for making this Possible for our Earth
Hahahaha.
Dream 
WRONG. The elite are healthier and living longer. People are dropping dead all around me due to governments killing them.
Really where are your facts?
Hi Bill.
Well i will hope that might be true because people i now are passing away lost a few people last year and a few this year and they are young.
BG its not always correct with everyone but it is true that financially they got more opportunities and advantages than ever before.
You r not correct . Jobs are reduced . Everybody can't become businessman. Opportunities reduced during the last 25 years. As a corporate legend BG is right in saying that coz' he knows how the 10 rich are living their lives but he is not aware about the lives of the rest 90%.
How
That trend in the U.S. is not so much true anymore sad to say.
Sure “people” are...those specific people being the fortunate wealthy. The rest of us,however,are struggling to survive DAILY
Except in Puerto Rico where the suicide rate is up exponentially.  More than 30% of the island's 3.5 million Americans are still without power.  Help!
Diet . People are living longer, healthier lives because they don’t put just anything in their body’s. #vegetarian  #vegan #onemealaday #slowaging = #energy = #happyier
yeah its true
Naive Pinker marvels at the bottom of the sea drained away by an incoming tsunami. Collapsing of mortality of the young made populations explode. Ethiopia went from a few million people to now more than 100 million. Ecological catastrophe & megadeath are thus around the corner!
Great  LOVELY
Not in the US however, we have one of the worst outcomes of any of the developed countries. See Global Burden of Disease, GBD — More poverty and poor nutrition as well.
"People?" You mean *SOME* people. Look at all of the people in the USA, for example, who live in towns and cities with raw sewage in their dirt streets, and where the drinking water is toxic.
What u smoking??????
When looking at the big data, a lot seems better. But „happier“ is not true. There is no such evidence. People worry a lot today. Melting middle class, massive pollution, full prisons, financial crises, millions refugees ... We have to improve further!
‘’Happier’’ , surely not... 
maryse.  http://www.la-petite-classe.com 
happier is subjective .....
Happier !! I doubt. Definately living longer and healthier.
Happier!?
Just because people are living longer doesn't mean they are happy. Biology has almost no relation with happiness except good health can keep you less miserable. Just another political agenda  to fool people and not take responsibility for everything that's  wrong.
they are being played by social media...thats more harmful and not happines
Hans Rosling did it better and also why do we keep having to do the same talk
Longer and Healthier is agreeable/acceptable (based on data, may be)...but Happier?? I can't imagine a scale to measure happiness!!
BTW, individuals like you participate to this positive move.
hi
No sir there is same life in northern India like 1970
In under developed countries like India I think the  story is different.
Professor S. Pinker is elaborate in his recently released book. We live longer, better standards of living & higher literacy among other parameters.
sadly I'm not happy
You 2 are barking mad.. Healthy and happy.., 7% own 80% of wealth, great work guys...
I want you come in Iran and you will be disappointment
Here about man who fought Ivory trade, murdered in his home, looked a bit like Pinker #HumanTrafficking
It's an everyday dream happening
What planet do you live on? Look at the cancer rates.
WOW AMAZING STUFF
Can i plz hav 100$ on xbox?
Pls help me sir for my son leg bone operation in cmc vellore hospital.
Hi
Great content, but why the cold-war military bunker set?! I kept expecting to see Liam Neeson storm in to save someone
Fascinating!
Aren't you announcing some scholarship for pilot training ,unlike other courses so that we may fulfill our dream of becoming pilot?
316
bill vs trump
Es que no. No perderán nada sólo con escucharme recuerden que de las ideas locas nacen las grandes empresas esta idea revolucionaria los vídeos juegos créanme
U r at d top of world...I mean at d top position u would always feel that people today are living , longer n happier but actually the truth is something worse....
Thanks
In the future it’ll be even longer - evolution!

https://youtu.be/jevPzGSPxUE  
#GHOneNews #GHOneTV #CitiCBS #BabyGirl #youtuber #news
#GhanaNews  #ghanamotion #JoySMS  #JoyUpdates  #JoyNews  #ghonetv  #TV3GH #EbonyReignsForever  #ebonyreigns #Messi  #PremioLoNuestro #teamsupport
Pls mail me on vijayagayathri892@gmail.com if u interested for meet with great Hyderabad x software Prabodh musipatla sir who also took science of happiness classes before even this major art of living org started now and who also helped many get astral travel experience.
Hi mam
U smile cute
Woww positive comment :)
Fascinating Bill 
and 2000 years ago the average age was 19, from where the majority of Americans accept as knowledge of a god, but mostly an excuse for pedophilia.
The Virgin Mary (14)
Good information about people are living longer happier than ever before.
not everywhere! @sapinker
No, basically everywhere is improving, aside from a few outliers that are going through economic collapse. Even in those areas things are better than 100 years before.
No! Not agree! People have not enough money to eat, no water in villages and so on.   @BillGates @sapinker
@BillGates while true overall, the health/wealth gradient isn't improving. So yes this sounds encouraging, but the Whitehall study & others highlight the impact of inequalities on our everyday lives & life expectancy. The income/wealth gap must close.  #VoteFeld
Longer? Certainly. Healthier?Depends how you qualify healthy living. Happier? Scientifically unprovable, and highly debatable..
More #HumanTrafficking than ever before.. violence, suicide rates?
It's true
In Kenya that isn't the case.
Then haven't you notice this 
If this doesn’t wake you up then I don’t know what will! 

#SaveGhouta  
@GlitterGeekGirl
Wow great
The countries that circumcise lag behind. Circumcision rates in S Korea is below 26% and they have now a child mortality rate compared to northern european countries(3%). USA who has high rates of circumcision nearly 60% has a child mortality of 6%.
The answer in one word: Capitalism.
Whites are being genocided while this Jew shill tries to quiet people down.
Capitalism
I bet that is really frustrating for you Bill.

#qanon
Why are we allowing people to starve in Venezuela ?
Pinker has only one pair of eyeglasses to see the world through. They are made by ‘Blinkered.’
GOOD
I think a small minority may have discovered the direct link between longevity & happines. I suspect they wont share it publicly because I don’t think its “1 size fits all” or some template that you download from the web.
Hello sir im from India.i contact your agent jeff Muhammad..he from dubai..but he in not.....
Buon giorno Bill,,Io cherco un Investitore per mia mobil applicazione“StartUp“,,50 000-200 000 euro.Grazie Norbert.
<3
Though...I know I ain't getting knowledge what's the need of new generation...but I swear soon I'm gonna be the one...who will replace u....gotcha?I swear....
ein enormer Fortschritt - doch von "happier" war nicht die Rede
But some suffers
Need to promote successful ageing & realise that our elders should be seen in positive light & not a burden.
We have to explain what the meaning of happiness first because it change from a country to another.
This is great, but I feel that improved life age coupled with availability of needs and wants should be our objective alongwith preservation of   natural resources and least disturbance to ecology.
I would *love* to see a tv series produced in this style with @sapinker covering issues from this book and the blank slate in the style of Cosmos / Connections. 

cc  @Caseybloys, @reedhastings
The new generation began to diminish .in india
I think the is only one reason, is protect the healthy and sometimes visit the doctors
Hi sir
True but not satisfactory in rural area in Bihar jharkhand upeast chhatisgarh west Bangalore  asam and arunanchall pradesh
Is it really true? 
If it is then why the entropy of the universe is continuously increasing!!!

We, humans, why our so called progressiveness are only destroying the mother earth...or I can say the basic life line of whole universe...
BE with the nature..The only way to survive
I hope everybody can live longer and health
Spirit without proper satisfaction
Its bc no one is talking anymore! Everyone is on their phones all day all the time!! LOL
ビルゲイツ先生大尊敬しています。
特許情報を渡したくおもいますが。
如何でしょうか？
Worldと言う装置です。
What a beautiful video. The tactile graphs were a great design touch. Well done Bill.
Whether this is genetically sustainable is questionable
Bill you would make me happy if Google authenticator was not locking people's accounts because when you download on phone it say nothing about keys! then to top that there is no way of dealing with it as the auth team as they are unattainable? Don't you like crypto???
Infant mortality may be declining, and I skipped around, but what is the reason for greater older age (I’d assume medicine, but I’m biased)
What you failed to mention is the epidemiological transition especially in lower and middle income countries. Yes, people are living longer, however this is offset by people suffering from non-communicable diseases hence quality of life is affected.
hi
My dad died at 90 2yrs.ago and was very active till the end. Chemicals in food, water, air and modern pharmaceuticals are causing people to get cancer etc. And die much younger. Bill Gates does not have your best interests at heart. He can go smoke it somewhere else...
Went to my parents native Portugal where most people up till more recent times had lived off land. Visited the local cemetery and most people there were 85+. I saw several people over 100. So I believe this is a good propaganda piece to help pharmaceuticals etc. Mod. Med=bandage.
Thank you Gates for what you do and all the money and resources you provide for this and the many other health and education causes!!!
That is excellent. All the work you are both doing has saved countless lives. I know you need no encouragement from me. A stampede of buffalo couldn't slow you guys down or make you flinch when it comes to your compassion for mankind and the tenacity with which you find solutions

We need more philanthropists to save our world
good
Humanity undoing ‘god’s’ handiwork
I could either have done Punjab Nahi Jaungi or Verna, and I chose ...
@ThMahira
The planet is about to collapse. Never mind! Becaus some euphemist statistics will clean the oceans recreate gone species undo deforeststion feed people fleeig from conflict zones... bill gates, you live too far from reality and this book should male you feel good
There still lies an imbalance in the circle of life.  Humanity is fighting back against the Grimm Reaper but at what cost.  We are exhausting our natural resources at an alarming rate. And Nature fights back with an increase of natural disasters, ie. Floods, earthquakes, etc...
Actually we have no death sir. And every health problem has a message that only the person of disease can unlock the reason n clear it themselves.Only mindful meditation gives one clarity. Pls donate if can for research place team with Prabodh musipatla sir etc n v can wrk togthr
The exact words my mentor. More grace to you sir!!

But older folks become isolated because their grandchildren only know how to talk digitally. We try to change that with
Sir please help me i am very poor
Because people like you share their fortune with needy
Yes !
really? that depends on which countries the people living in. yr points are only correct when applying on the group of people who living in wealthy countries and who at the mid or top of the capitalist pyramid.
Savingives leads to overpopulation
let  me asks u cleaely.what happen like that?Thia's will not the doctrine
for that moral abuse.did u catch my 
point.all over the reigm.dont postvon it.
Please ask why so much loneliness too.
Xodjali,...
No sir it's not in indian I have personally observed that life expantancy have been shortaned the bst example is shree Devi who died today itself at the age of 54 bt heart attack
I feel differently about this but then, one can't argue with statistics,  I will do my own research to be certain
Not cool man
What's the answer ?
thnks to the good folks for this noble effect...
https://www.gofundme.com/save-jerry-please …
Are we living in myth world, there is too much chaos, abuse , corruption than ever, dignified living is essence of development not the cities, industries, software, most are living in hell because of some percentage of ppl. There are many who are working hard to change

and the final step will be immortality, and we will live and till we dye of boring les :)
How could it be ?
@EllieGonsalves Was machen wir mit dem Goldbärli?
No sir , you are not correct . Only capitalists are living happily .
that's interesting to know,  but i wish that can be true in my country
Nice video
https://www.facebook.com/mustafafehmikubilay/videos/vb.100001410353052/1255315134525486/?type=2&video_source=user_video_tab …

enjoy___
As is said, everything looks good in retrospect. We must all start appreciating the world and times we are living in
Sir can your foundation solve the gun crisis? what about a perpetual trust fund for congress - the non-NRA fund so politicians aren’t beholden. an annual dollar for dollar match. #nomoreNRAmoney

Living a healthy and a simple life.
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Not in Africa here, most especially Nigeria
Hello sir
A tribute to @HansRosling
Very true Sir
hiii genious
Good evening Sir , Plz help me for Hospitalisation require as soon.God Bless you.
Thanks
Because of the trending world
150 by 2050
To clarify, I don’t think a large portion of the homelessness crisis in the country can be chalked up to agency; a large portion of these people need some form of assistance currently not reaching them.  Solutions exist but they require funding.
This is true @BillGates but people are also suffering—people are still hungry.  Homeless sleep in the streets across the country, even in your own backyard, Seattle.
Which people and where?
Really like this, @BillGates @sapniker
Ada Lovelace
Nice...Thanks 4 the infoStill work ahead...hopefully Ethiopia can get their life expectancy higher. Thanks 4 caring
please sir gift me five billion dollars i want to be rich sir...please sir fulfill my wish

Living longer with good health , happiness, love & care is great for affluent people in rich country. But in poor countries long life becomes curse without proper food , shelter & care. No civil war , no war between nations. Let’s wage war against poverty.
SMILE  ╰(*´︶`*)╯
@lexkominek 
Well, nowadays Japanese people are becoming healthier and healthier. I sincerely hope that U.S. people also have a happier life.
You cn actually learn about astral travel workshop and other worlds from Prabodh musipatla sir who is also surprisingly ur x software to discuss major changes we can make in software for benefit of all us n also for mother earth.Thanks. Buddha left body eantingly knwng wer he gng
In USA sir not in Africa.
View point of the worlds richest man !!
I know this is true and its one of those facts people seem to miss. Often a person is presented with information that the sky s falling and nothing could be further from the truth.
Not really. They are being culled with evermore increasing efficiency. #Bummer
And now we can get the world's poor eyeglasses for $2
We Work Creator Awards Grand Prize winner
Hopefully we get enough of these poor countries sterilized so the population don't get to much more outta control...
Here in America we thank our luck stars for abortion because without it even people who play rich on tv would starve...

Interesting, World Health Organization numbers? People are not living longer the genes haven't changed. The inhabited environment and hygiene changed allowing longer utilization of the body.
People that took the Hippocratic Oath shouldn't be playing in global statistics with their individual patients. People not wanting to conform to their wishes can do what they please.
Very interesting, albeit sad it took us so long to figure things out.
People understand after your achievements that smart work assures food,shelter and clothing;then ice cream,popcorn,cinema,car,etc.Hard work is done to tackle terrorism so life will go with peace.Thanks to science&technology and leaders like Modi,Trump,Putin,etc
@BillGates This tweet which was liked by u IS Untweeted by somebody today without my knowledge, for information
