Join us today for a Q&A with @BillGates, hosted by Provost Alan Garber and Dean Frank Doyle. Watch live at 2pm EDT: http://harvard.edu/live 
I'm going to stop by.  I have a question about how to format a document in PowerPoint.
What I would give to be there. You are an amazing speaker.
How do you like your odds for success if you don't go back and graduate? I know Harvard is hard, but if you want to find a good job, consider going back.
And I thought you were a drop out.
You know it’s technically NOT your Alma mater if you drop out, right!?
Lol
What’s better... being born good or overcoming ones evil nature with great effort?
Ensure the aid you give Nigeria enters right hands. Not necessary the government officials. Corruption here is endemic
I, too, love visiting @KentState As soon as my feet touched the ground there, knowing it's history; there was no other place I'd rather be #KentLoveIsForever
Bill can I get a signed pen from you?
Begin a StarUp. Work, think and win
I have a theory that mosquitoes can literally see carbon dioxide IR-spectrum the same way our eyes see the visible spectrum of the Sun.  But it's low resolution EM the bugs see, we can blind them by saturating an area with LED's that emit the same heat-frequencies that CO2 does
To the mosquito, we would become like candle light in sunshine->invisible.
Sup Bill, fancy lending me £1.5 mill so i can buy a golf club? Nice one 
Same here sir.
Um, didn’t you drop out?
May I have a minute of your time?
Bill, please accept Jesus Christ
God bless you Bill Gâtes and Melinda  for recognizing the glaring inequities in education and doing something to change it!! Especially when the government seems unable to
Mr. Welcome again in tanzania..
Sorry I missed this Treat! Ms. Gary
My project is to feed as many stomach available. So kindly support my farming project please my brother .
Harvard.
But why did you leave
great idea
Sad story
@BillGates
Hi. I want to get copyright from Microsoft.
Lovely
Hey,old sport,give me some money!
Seahawks drafted up are 27th in first round was waiting for rounds 5 and 6
Yay!
I know you may get a multitude of personal request ranging from all sorts of things but I'm not gonna allow that fact to stop my request as well. Would you take just one minute to hear my request?
Can I have some money
Happy Earth Week - Tom Knutson MN USA
we share a birthday, and i love code, i obsess in it 24/7 and i wanna work at @Microsoft one day. You are a true insipration to me
Would be glad if u can assist me form an NGO to support n provide for the poor & needed young but brilliant  students my Region (Volta Region of Ghana west Africa.  Thanks
Hello Mr. Bill Gates, a house of improvement and formation is never forgotten.
That's great forget not your root.I am a young lady that is full of vision in agriculture will make Africa great if given me a support in agro http://farming.support  me Sir and see my great visions.
Pls @BillGates help Nigeria in agricultural sir God bless you onelove.
Is not getting to the right people, but kudus to BillGate his God sent.But can make really good of me,if pleases him.
hello sir How to become  coder
Sir please give me 1000 usd we are dying here in Nigeria.God will bless you more sir
I need job somebody #rt
I love you bill gates 
What do you mean never showed up? I wasn't invited Bill!!!
Are you allowed to speak freely there?
Off corse!
Can I join from The Bronx?  
Pay my tuition please
Oooh, I have a question! Pick me! 
good sir...
Sir  I want job can you help me
Sir I want job can you help me
The place you dropped out of 
Tell us what is interesting there
Amazing
Can l help me
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/988912370897563649?s=20 …

“Billegy”?

 or 
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/988706281216204800?s=20 …

“Bill’E-G”

…
你母校会为你骄傲的 想想还是不读大学好
I thought he dropped out of college
Merhaba Bill Gates, size yazabilmem için, e-posta adresiniz gerekiyor.Teşekkürler.
چی کس شعر میگی
i wanna be like you man. so i respect you
Hello
Jy is rerig iets besonders vir die Here
bill we need you for president   please do it
Your Microsoft attorneys just sent an innocent man to prison for 15 months for burning freeware onto a disk. Fix your shit.
Tanoe TV is following whatever that boss likes to do .Change to waste The Richest Online Net Business but Tanoe people make a way to owner .That boss had commanded to Destroy me and help Apple as possible they can do many years or shame me.
Astagaaa!  Ada .@Dimas_aditya01 yang mengancam hubungan mas Pur dan Novita nih.. kira-kira siapa dia? Dan ada hubungan apa sama Novita?
.…
Which the country that you help being The Center to have High Income?

do they give dropouts honorary doctorates?
The ambition is to be The richest like you .Instantly to success by Money and Pressures to other.
Keynote Speaker Asia Pacific pay-TV Operators Summit (APOS) di Bali #APOS2018 
You should stop by like around mission and 6th sometime, it's a pretty cool spot. Highly reccommend.
https://twitter.com/sonicdrivein/status/988534394838233093?s=20 …

CRITICAL: Revolutionary Idea 

Sponsor b.a.s.e.(ye) w/ $19 today!

 Conducting future commercial research!
Talk about dinner goals. What’s in your ideal SONIC dinner spread?

 @swaveyhippy. 
Knowlege just like plant treate evry time upgrade and progrese according to that your understanding more greate (be blessed )!

Harvard is the best academic institution in America, under a Brazilian’s eye. Would like to know what is the opinion of Americans on that?

Su genialidad es el sueño de millones de personas!
Did I miss the part where you finished college?
I really want to come and ask you a lot of questions ... But I m not in the us right now
Hola buenas tardes mira soy jessica una chica colombiana  quisiera poder contactarme bn contigo se que tú me puedes ayudar por favor con todo el respeto del mundo te pido por favor que si puedes respóndeme por favor
Set phobe on blinde date with my sercret twin son to walk on southbeach to meet the maincreater realson hes 12
god bless you
Sadly @Harvard is definitely what it use to be in your day they have gone downhill. I am surprised you are still supporting them. In your day they produced great young adults with confidence to take on the world through hard work. Today they are weak entitled adults
当你有钱，没毕业也可以自称母校。美国人有多少讨厌微软的举手
不要脸的垄断分子！
Yes

As a Harvard dropout doesn't it ever bother you that you haven't been able to make anything of your life? Obviously JK. You're doing the Lord's work, Seriously!
https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/10/technology/his-2020-campaign-message-the-robots-are-coming.html …
https://www.curbed.com/tiny-homes 
UBI -If I , personally, had 12 a year on top of my current money, which  is  minimal, I could really choose a direction. I think I would by a  very  small piece of property where where it is residential. Live  there,save,  by a new trailer and rent it out.
Hi...
Yes please can you help me...
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/988912370897563649?s=20 …

“Billegy”?

 or 
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/988706281216204800?s=20 …

“Bill’E-G”

…
hlo sir h r u

I also thought you were a dropout!... But I know you're one of the greatest men to have ever lived!...
Mr biill i wonder how can i be like you , what is the key Mr bill ?
Un abrazo
لماذا لا تتطور فكرة التعليم الرقمي عن بعد للجامعات الامريكية
Wow
I wish to work with you so as to learn from you and become like you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j733rosgzi4 … Did you get my message between the year 1999-2002 thereabouts?  Brandyn Ashing concerning the signs in the sky?You were my first call because I did not trust the government.  Your old and frazzled and so am I.  I am alone. so alone.

Señor m podría ayudar económicamente me opere del corazón necesito 40 millón de dolar para cubrir todo los gasto q tengo en mi foto cebe la cicatriz d mi operación
Didn't Microsoft just have a guy sent to prison for 15 months over some software beef? Must be nice to buy lawmakers.
on twitter the less followers one have makes one better one, shit drops down
Meanwhile from the streets of Louisville, Kentucky a Republican Sheeba Jolly is the changing face of the party
I have great passion for ict skills acquisition.  But when your environment is your enemy.  Vision becomes depression
Sir we all love to be back at place where we have learnt the life's values and moral... The place where we set our goals.... It's always a divine pleasure and exciting moment....
Mr. Gates how do you feel about banning all women from Harvard grounds and sending them to brown where they should be C#RIMSOMPRIDE @HAVARD
Great
Are you using a Nokia phone with your interface?
How's your feeling after joining this interview ! #HarvardUniversity !! @BillGates  And Two words for @narendramodi !!!
You college dropouts never amount to much...
I'm your big fan sir!
Science is very interesting , God says in holy quraan ( say : my loard increase me more science)
If you're ever in San Diego, I'll buy you a cup of coffee!
Don’t list ur school last time u attend was high school! Guided ur path by outlaws outcomes! Updated ur academic accounts in public sphere! @CopyrightOffice @ChicagosMayor faulty issues at hearing probability @PutinRF_Eng why education first clause existed ©®
A great thing to do sir...
No enjoy only for work
Greeting from Italy!
Love u sir 
#MiA2  #Mi6X
