“Things can be both better and bad.” This is the heart of our foundation’s work. It’s bad that 5 million children die every year—but it’s better than it was, which is why I think it can keep improving.
“Give the system some credit.” It’s great to celebrate heroes (I do!). But there were heroes 1,000 years ago, and life was awful. Modernity—being able to flush the toilet and turn on the lights—is a miracle of systems plus heroes.
“Slow change is still change.” Extreme poverty has gone down by an average 2.5% per year in the last two decades. Over time, that adds up to a 50% drop.
I use this one all the time: “Big numbers always look big. Small numbers on their own are misleading… Always look for comparisons.”
I can’t recommend Factfulness highly enough. Hans and two family members wrote it at the end of his life, and it’s a wonderful summary of everything he stood for. Here’s my full review.
Awesome! Just what I've been looking for, Bill! Will download excerpt when I login to your site next time I'm on computer.
Thanks, Quite inspiring quote.
We appreciate the world can get better. "Think about the Children " MJ piece
Unfortunately,not all Africans read books.only few does, MR Gate, what can you suggest aside reading books? For money making .
Nice and thoughtful phrases. Things can surely be bad but better.Even those that think they are in a bad situation can still be better than the way they were yesterday.
Solche Bücher, wie auch die von Pinker,  sind die reinste Provokation für unsere Linken und Rechten, sich intellektuell dünkenden intellektuellen Rauner und Kulturpessimisten
I just bought it. Looks like it's another good reading. I love your recommendation. Thank you!
Why you want so?
Beubeubeu
Well come
It's book of the week on BBC radio 4 too. Such a lovely surprise that we hadn't quite heard the last from this great man.
Great
@BillGates
Hello Bill Gates ! I need your help
Sir ji please help me.... please sir...9582178728
Acabo de encargarmelo en BookDepository, me intrigó mucho
Just started reading it. I couldn't agree more.
don't stop talkin 'bout us now, we jus got here! #Bangladeshi
U talking 2 urself m8

Is the world a better place than 100 years ago??

The answer is an emphatic “yes.”…
hmm
I can not become an adult
You too???
Can one copy of Factfulness be in-boxed to me at clenceman206@yahoo.com
Thank you for sharing your insight and recommendations into books I would not otherwise have given the second glances... thank you for making a difference!!!
وظفني في ميكروسف عندك يمكن اطور نظامكم 
Base.  Go.    Take.   ..tranfer.  Is better
My want. W P bank in Malaysia with 40% . name William and prince's
Mr. Bill Gates please Read Al-Qur’an English translation from the beginning there are a lot of good story of life and so on.
Dear Mr.Bill Gates Sir, If possible Please contact me at jaffarsadhiq@yahoo.com or India Mobile Number +91 8300045159
JAFFAR SADHIQ
INDIA
The property boasts generous entertaining space with a first floor double reception room with floor to ceiling windows. The house also includes walnut flooring, Crestron lighting and air conditioning in all the principal rooms. There is finally the huge benefit of a garage access
Thank you
You welcome
ur contact number
Hellow sir
Aren't we human ???????? Who make us to do bad things ???????????????
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Nice analysis. I'll for sure add it to my reading list.
Is there any way me and my wife can meet you at least once in our life time ??
I will like to work for you Sir,pls help me with a job
What are you doing with your money?
He does good for both.  He was talking about a book.  Twitter is full of people criticizing others.  Classic.  I’m simply asking what have those criticizing done?  Besides it’s HIS money.  Since he doesn’t know youbits none of your business what he does with it
If your going to make an argument, at least make an educated one.....severely taxed?   What an ass hat.
nice eating out @katyperry in the California girls video you got money and bitches my man

Dear Mr. Gates, it's a pleasure to have your many great recommand of the excellent books in Tweet. What upset me is that we have seldom been able to get and read the original version of these books. Because we don't have access here in China.What a pity.
Bill’s book club... move over @Oprah you’ve had your time... maybe you can now take up computer programming.
Nice thoughts for one to have can sometimes be the greatest that happens.
Understand this fully the meaning is not what it seems to be.
It's  wonderful.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts.
Thanks a lot
Hello Mr Bill Gates, I'm sory, I want ask you, What should I do if my family don't give me a permission to be a rich ?
My remember. .Mr tell change emails and go Hawaii. Thank you
Thx
Thank you Bill Gates for recommending this book. Some of what you mentioned I never thought of it as mentioned. Very powerful analogies and facts as well as the perception of Information.

Loved the tips on Factfulness...
all that you do...you are definitely my hero!
They need a level 5 for the people who have more than 1 house, can afford to send all their kids to college and travel fairly often.
Hello Mrs Gates I'm happy for your creativity, because our lives is so simple
I can’t wait to read this book. Thanks for your insights and for sharing.
I believe you are reminding people that maybe we should invest more time in finding something that's missing and recruit trusting people to work with, so success is just a though away, if that makes any sense.
Online investment can stop your financial crisis in a short time invest little or huge today and get paid in  48hrs inbox me.
Please !!!
Hello mr.Gates .. I want to help me ..I want to work in your company in usa... just help me to come there please
Hello sir

miss , melinda,I helped him in an assault he suffered on Octupus ship in Montañita, Ecuador,work for you,¿Will there be the possibility of helping me personally and checking the work?,I live in calama chile, street avenue regiment # 3355, villa atacama, help me please?
That nice
Thank-you for sharing Mr. Gates.  Am adding this to my "read within the next month" list. #Goodreads
Based on these 4 threads, seems really to the point book  Where is my shopping list 
Hi my dear brother i am ahmad Hamayoon noori from Afghanistan i want to needs your help to development in my business
I ordered a copy right away. The late Hans Rosling was one of my absolute favourites. A great visionary!
Here is another fact, Bill: You're still 2nd most rich man in world with still growing income. Seems as if you don't like sharing to much. Don't you like sharing? Don't be greedy but compassionate.
The irony in your statement is you’re responding to a post on “factfulness” when you clearly don’t understand the facts about what Bill Gates does and has done.  He’s given 22% of his fortunate to charity, and has pledged 95%.
What does Billy do? Becoming richer every year!? How is this possible if he has pledged (sources?) to give 95%? Hypocrite!
Sources: http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Total+percentage+donated+by+bill+gates …
You should run for president! Your insights and pragmatism are the way to go!
@Reema_Dcunha  pls get this book for me
Ok will read this
Just ordered it- Thanks
this write-up gives some ideas that say it may be a good idea to reject the outdated developed n developing definition,n explore something like Level-A, L-B-LC-or LD,to define nations with parameters like:
political maturity
economic growth
social harmony n'
individual happiness.
Well it's much better then it was a hundred years ago, it's better than being targeted if you're an intellectual and wear glasses, by a dictator.
Great! Thank you for sharing.
Huh Billy Gates on Twitter I don’t think so he pays someone to write for him
Does it really matter? Look at ACTIONS, not words!
Just as I said before these guys here but these guys back there in data and this world again is going crazy, all still plan to workout as I know even now Oster
ok when you read it all and have some time  please consider running for president  we really need you in the world   leading!
Just as I wouldn't put the DRC and China in the same category (developing countries), I wouldn't put myself and Bill in the same category (level 4). We need to continue the research..
..Gravitating Mean  Identify your Brilliant..
..Gravitating Mean  Identify your Brilliant..
..Gravitating Mean  Identify your Brilliant..
Thank you
I ordered 38 lbs of hard red wheatgrass seeds, kept in a secure container for years to come.
I also strongly support getting rid of the terms ‘developed’ and ‘developing’ world. There aren’t two worlds - only one.
I am going to love this thread! :)
Hans Rosling makes me proud to be Swedish 
Chill bill
Please give me your blessing on this new year to get the opportunity to fully change the World.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.

Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources 

....to solving society's problems..... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.

Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
为什么没人邀请我去商谈区块链数字货币的未来对人类的价值实质意义……本人不懂英文！
كلام فاضي
You don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.

Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
A guide to critical thinking. Thank you.  #timely
Thank you so much 
6- I have great respect for all religions

I belong to Software Industry..working in one of the top S/W company for the last 13 yrs...want to contribute in this social Service.
4-Pre marital Sex - I have never gone for this either Pre or Post(extramarital).

5-Absence of money awareness- I don't LIKE to take anyone's favor including my parents.
You might be interested to know about Why I am suitable person to Write, Act & Direct your Movie.

1-Smoking -I have never smoked
2-Alcoholism - I have never drunk
3-Drug -- I have never taken
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
2-Alcoholism & Pornography -- Answer--"For relaxation" & Pleasure
3-Drug -- Answer-- For relaxation, lifing up mood & Pleasure
4-Pre marital Sex- Marriage problems & Divorce
5-Absence of money awareness-Demand their parent..because of bad/rich friends
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Our Movie will handle this "DATING" (a serious disease for our society, mainly for our young generation) in perfect manner.

What about glorifying Courting (Courtship).... with high moral value..in our Movie ? ....Please provide your Input.
Women & children normally suffer the most after a divorce, both in terms of quality of life and emotional well-being.

What is the REASON behind this...... "DATING"..... having relationships before marriage...in the name of Freedom......Simple..
The median length for a marriage in the U.S. today is 11 years with 90% of all divorces being settled out of court.

With these DATA.........Please think about KIDS's.
They wrote that book  for eight grader! Last time u were in Ur highschool crack a code they didn’t teach u at all!Logic read about acquiring license in computer engineering degree vs ur idea  entryway @netanyahu b Josie©®DOS easy programming language:skillful migrants
Manifesto of confessions! First truth to verify degree verification! Anyone can write it’s is the data faulty @JeffBezos chrome books. Hired unlicensed to qualify ur licensed services! Death certificate holders charges for all @ChicagosMayor drug king pins cash advances from IPOs
Don’t care about ur uniform! Quality within©®money smells in ball sweats crack head
between 40% and 60% of new marriages will eventually end in divorce. 

The probability within... the first five years is 20%, and the probability of its ending within the first 10 years is 33%.
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace.......will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago.....
Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.

After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
You have 45.4M followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD ... even FILTER can't stop....will try

Please tell me if I am wrong for having a dream of a movie produced by you to show the right direction to our young generation.
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" .I want to contribute in this social service.

Brother,I hope you will produce one unique movie to show the right direction to our Young generation.Very real & Simple.......  no Fiction
I am IT professional.With God's grace & your help, I can Write, Act & Direct such Movie.Please think in different way of Social Service.

This unique Movie will make Huge profit as well as contribute PEACE to world and brotherhood.Please discuss this in BOD Meeting.
You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter these issues is pending from your side.

Movies show BIG impact on society, Please plan the production of such movie for welfare of our young generation.
Someone needs to project that book in the wh, cause sometimes it seems facts are tossed out the window.
Having Multiple relationship, Excessive Drinks with Criminal Mind, Disrespect for Marriage, etc.  ....all in the name of Freedom.

Donation for AIDS should also consider to counter these Social Disease.
Wishing you and your family a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year 2018.

Good Morning Brother, Now a days High moral standards are totally missing in Our Movies & reducing rapidly in our society.
It’s on @audible_com as well!
Sweet! #Alexa play #Factfulnesss @WhiteHouse #SetVolumeMax #SetLoopInfinite
Interesting, I'll have to read that.
Me too
Thanks for sharing.
Alright
Let me borrow a million 
