I was like when did I follow a this account and then I saw it is bill gates.
Religion in general, dude.

Which is why America’s Founders decides it best to separate Church and State.

Death by Mosquitoes still tower over those numbers.
There are 3,500 known species of mosquito but most of those don't bother humans at all, living off plant and fruit nectar. It's only the females from just 6% of species that draw blood from humans. Of these just half carry parasites that cause human diseases. Focus on those!
Because we have this...@ppraso
So, you're saying: the best way to take over the world is with an army of trained mosquitos?
... I am amused by the fact that this mosquito has a german name.
Oh dear Lord have mercy
That might be girl mosquitos that bite, right? Another male-dominated promotional. 
that's what i was thinking.  isn't it the female that needs blood?
Erm, Bill Is everything OK? I don't think it's a good idea to change your name to "A Mosquito" ... Who approved this?
Biodiversity provides us everything for sustenance of life. On the other side, it has got so many harmful organisms who bring negativity for living beings. It is ecological balance through food chain and food web. Nature’s creativity is unique and supreme.
bill this might be a little too avant-garde
This is a great way to make people pay attention.
2/2 by Govts,Heath-care Profs and Charitable $$$$ escaping tax regimes.#Cubans &other innovators have a bio-lava-cide technology that kills &Disrupt Mosquito breeding..our greatest killer-@Billgates should know -let’s join Bill & pivot kill Mosquitoes in years and stop the Myth
I knew the 40 years ago.

Who are you?
Pls come to Timor Leste. Lots charity work can be done on this Islanf
yarattığı bir sineği hafife almak sineğin görevi uyurken kan almak
Hello MsHallie & Friends...Mr.Carter Boss Something Is Wrong We Need 2Check Our Billy In 4MentalHealth...Ive Seen Some Of Those Same Signs In...Hey Do You Know Crazy Mike Wai My Seams Are Leaking...Doc Honey HelpMe
Good job.  Gave me a nice laught to start my day. Keep up the good work. . .
Is this Mr. Gates' account?
I like your effort. Keep it up🖒. I will join soon
Perhaps the action of mankind invading and destroying forests would help us understanding mosquitos motivations a little better in a wider perspective.
Guilherme, que porra é essa?
Basically it says, "Nobody likes mosquitos" and your account says A mosquito, which by inference means that nobody likes you. That's not true.
wtf
Malaria is an economic problem in Sub-Saharan Africa, more than it is a health problem. So many work and school hours lost.
"Why a bug bite scares me more than a shark attack." Bill fine words; you know why, but the fact is people you give money to are impressed only by the money not what you give it for! @ConferenceMim18 @bbchealth @NickTriggle @BBCFergusWalsh @claudiahammond https://twitter.com/LowrieJohn/status/986492510481584128 …
It's 4am and no sleep due to mosquitoes. I just managed to kill one
señor bill gates a soy quien la ayudo en ecuador en un asalto que ocurrió en el barco octopus , quisiera preguntarle si es que me puede ayudar a recuperar lo que me dio usted?, ya que personas políticas y otros me lo arrebataron
It is true sir, particularly  in Africa. God bless you abundantly for your great effort. May Almighty God gives you long life for your good graceful life
I Love Mosquitoes & 
Know how Important
they are!

Ye've invested
a lot of money into Oxitec
& their Genetically Modified Mosquitos, but why??

If ye wish to reduce Human Populations why wouldn't
ye just let Mosquitoes
& Mother Nature do
their thing?

This makes no sense at all.
This is so true, specially in countries like mine  mosquitoes are still the main cause of death. Seasons such a current “rainy” are when they prolific the most.
Thanks for raising awareness!!!
Come to Detroit!!
Mosquitoes pass so many diseases.. All over the world..
I love it.. More people should pay attention to bugs..
Hello,man
This dracular blood sucker insect is very dangerous it needs lots of  Quinine, which is found in soft drinks like dry lemon
Effective video to generate awareness for vector born disease.
If you and your elite super rich controllers friends. U Want to help the world Money is the problem Lets change the system You lot R not God
We have killed more people than all the wars?
Mosquitoes are not greatest killer but America greatest killer of human in the word
Hello hi sir I need your help
1/2@Billgates#IAMHartmut;Let’s talk mosquitoes/Malaria Myths:Anti Malaria drugs,Mosquito nets,insecticides plus other local contraptions foster a unique malaria business model.. but cant eliminate  Mosquitoes:Fact is myths sustain a cruel and unfair business framework fueled by..
bruh who the fuck is in the costume 
You are right sir
Bill Gates one of the greatest man on... I praise God every day for your life and all this people that care about the needy. Vous etes un don de Dieu Dieu pour l'humanité. I Hope one day I will do greater things than you did. And I will by the grace of JESUS.
Dear Sir. I am Shadi Khalaf, a Syrian refugee who lives in Turkey. I was injured in a traffic accident. My leg was broken. I can not work anymore. I am a father of children. You know what you need from food, drink, etc. Please help me. I swear I swear to you under zero.
Great

Plasmodium kills more people than mosquitoes.
#Mosquitoes were controlled better in the past than at present. Control #malaria #dengue #chikungunya #zika 
Mosquitos natural predators are hummingbirds and dragon flies FYI <3 see if they can try that out in certain areas to see if it helps any
I’m pretty sure anyways... I used to have mosquito problems and I also had hummingbirds and dragonflies I think I’d looked it up online too tho in around 2010
Dragonflies in their young stage eat mosquito larva https://www.orkin.com/other/mosquitoes/mosquito-predators/ …
But they’d have to make sure they’d survive there in that climate and not be a nuisance only if it’s beneficial <3
Because that’s the problem... mosquitos breed and leave eggs in stagnant water so it would be a good idea to have some dragon flies around to eat them :D
In Modesto anyways we’re not supposed to have stagnant water around like pots with water left in them or areas where water accumulated because mosquitos breed there and our area sprays for mosquitos annually or did because we have a lot of canals and in Stockton they have a lot
Of ports and channels so we tend to get mosquitos
My sister’s response to your tweet:  This relative danger ness of mosquitoes and shark conclusions are invalid.  Only a small fraction of sharks compared to human.  No but u don't know if the shark will only gently bite on your arm.
When i was child i use to watch a drum full of water in the backyard, the water was stack for a while and then there was that little sea horses everything else is white in my head
Help please.
Mosquitoes are also pollinators.
Really??didn't know that.

It has been unknown to us strange.
Thanks for focusing on hope, progress,and data!
Thanks :))) Have nice :))) You are good men :) thanks for no reason :) I'm just glad to see good people :)
"We have killed"
Who are "we" bill?
Don't kill the people Mrs Mosquito
"We have killed"....
Serious
Are you planning Global extinction of Mosquito or something ?? 

Yes you should the  biggest recognition. Your army can attack anybody including those with the nuclear arms codes.
Perhaps we should keep our windows closed?
Who knows someone 6 million yrs from now may find my genes in a mosquito freezed in resin and I may live again 

We need to convince the Chinese that mosquitoes can enhance sexual performance ꉂꉂ(ᵔᗜᵔ*)
Mosquitoes remind me of politicians who suck the life blood out of citizens they serve no practical use
It must be hard to be an Investor and a Mosquito
@BillGates actually lost more than 40 million followers, because people thought they were following the wrong account!
This will be on the News. Well done in creating awareness
Sitting a stoplight I found one of those on a Native American art street corner pole. Thank you now I know what it might beee.
Poverty is also a biggest disease. I lost my mother due to malaria as i failed to treat her in time due to lack of even Rs 100 (approx. $2) in my pocket. Begged to society...no one helped.
more humans are killed by human mismanagement and struggle than mosquitos.mosquitos can be stoped.
...little effort done in prevention process!
...neglected environmental situation help "Mosquito" run through its life style smooth and comfort to cause the damage!
Control measures cost double the amount in money/effort/time...
#ruinPossibleMosquitoBreedingplaces!
I’m digging the ad campaign.
Just don't create a mosquito mass genocide chemical that inadvertently starts the Apocalypse. Thanks.
Lemme get this straight... you coded %2 of MS-DOS and you feel really 1337 h4x0r?

Unix is your father, remember, and please open that code because your korean coders can't get it right, you just exploit them and backdoor me with broken updates.

No open source? Okay, catch fever
The mosquito the official pet of Microsoft.
Got my ex wife. RIP
In most people's minds they think radiation from Nuclear Power is a real killer. It's killed less than a hundred people since it's beginnings 60+ years ago, but it has prevented thousands of deaths by producing emissions free power.
Lol
Natural selection, too many humans on earth. Oppose it? For what reason? Justice? Business? Power? Honor? Or, just compassion?
Vasco Da Gama was a victim of them too
Hehehe...
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwidsvWrv9HaAhUE42MKHTt_AocQ3ywIKDAA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DogundDMg4DA&usg=AOvVaw0Z23cT6mtTvH3Qo39M7I56 …
Just deceived me with the name 
Why so little action on something that causes 1/2M deaths a year? Even non disease-carrying mosquitoes do damage. Many people (including myself) have allergic reactions to stings that can cause terrible itching/leave scars on the body. Can we eradicate the disease carriers?
Any donation can help me see my daughter graduation in Washington dc

BIRDS like mosquitoes and need them to survive in places
Could you please throw some money on this star wars mosquito defense shield? A LASER zapping all mosquitoes in reach. It should be possible to train a neural net to accurately detect, locate and target these beasts with ultrasonic sonar like bats do (or microphones alone).
I called it BAT: bat-like annoyance terminator. A recursive acronym - cool eh? 
Earn $400+up mo just driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving with an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income with our small, see thru ads on your back window. Drivers wanted for local /national campaigns
We need a mosquito net around our nation @realDonaldTrump

Quick we need to ban the misquote
Toi moustiques le monde vas s'est débarrassé de toi . grâce l'association Bill g
Proper confused me then Bill
Mosquitoes are problem in India too... Many people get sick and this includes in metro cities and in villages as well !!! What’s the solution #IAmHartmut
Wait for gene drive.. then game over hopefully
Pobrecito 
Oh no!!!! Bill Gates is a mosquito!!!! :"V
Finally getting some were mate yesss
@1ghaith0
I'm more afraid of Mosquitoes than sharks..... I believe we can help!  Warren Lynn

Well, that’s one way to make people take notice. Kudos to you .
Where's that DDT when you need it?
Here in  households are being denied to be sprayed
Did I miss something? Why are mosquitos everywhere in my timeline?
In the US, people are the biggest killers.  Thanks to @NRA
I must admit, I hate flies and cockroaches MUCH worse!.. 
Mr. Bill Gates, I am the one who helped you in Ecuador in an assault that happened on the Octopus ship, I would like to ask you if you can help me to recover what you gave me, because political people and others took it from me
Very dangerous
America : " Bitch please !"
Follow me please
