Awesome your idea
indeede
I will like my idea to come to pass I have something to make for rehab patients can you help me.
Steven Pinker is great thinker because he has cross from material world to spiritual world.

@BillGates does all he can to kill off humanity! #WeThePeople have had it!
#TheGreatAwakening 
It is happening #TheGreatAwakening 
We are AWAKE
#TheGreatAwakening
I have a question for you lately? I have more than one operating system, the world!
I have been researching the psychological impact of the negativity of the news for the last 7 years - how it affects us mentally and socially, how it shapes our opinions and beliefs about the world. Please watch my 3 min spoken word summary of my research
@BillGates sir for 2long the global community has continued 2loose its vast wealth in experience n potentials 2the cemetery..Thus making it the richest place in the world.. But Humanity can stop this trend by coming around 2support ideas that will benefit us
@BillGates Dude. #elonmusk & me 208-56-1706 combined Tubes Idea with "Waste in Space." I was in Tubes. Perfect for cargo. He is friend from childhood. Transport trash through tubes outside of #atmosphere. Burned up by sun #nopolution. #madonna #trillionaires
As you the saying goes. You are what you eat. In other words consume.
Everything In Moderation
" Media Included "
That is true
It is great.
so true
Excellent
Such Thinking Guided By Worldly Intellecture Is Futile
ok interested
Superb! Very positive thoughts!

There Is More_ "The Delay" Revealation 10:6-7 There Should Be Delay No Longer. And Even If It Seems Like He's Delaying Be Patient=James5:7, {10-11}=As An Xample At Suffering & Patience Brothers Take The Prophet Who Spoke In TheName Of TheLord ttyl
Bacteriophages in the Ganga river is the key to a lot of health problems we face now and in the future. If I had the money I would do more research myself but I think you should really look into this.
DEFINE PROGRESS...BIGGER GOVT? MORE WELFARE FUNNELED THRU A MASSIVE BLOATED CORRUPT BEAURACRACY? #urnuts
You are great sir.
なるほど。素晴らしいことですよ。頑張ってください。
I have an idea to change education system of world it will bring easy education for all poor to rich.every1 will get same oppertunities. It will break all boundary. will free for all. It can done by a Microsoft Slate  pls contact me nafiz8371@gmail.com. +8801865028800
selfleaders
But to  understand how the perception of the world can improve readership, this  program allows you to save Africa in an incredible way
Hi sir
#civildialogue do you think the internet is saturated with arbitrary information? What do you think is the best way for millennials to sort organic facts from "clickbait"? Are there any benefits from things like "clickbait"?
Bill, I have a project concept in which with just $100,000, I can keep 100 Ugandan kids in school for 5 yrs & encapacitate them to pay for the rest of their education. Can you help me find this money?
Smple way of segesation
Why couldn’t you have a cable news channel for progress?  Make the headlines sensational - ‘Major Infant Mortality Milestone’ or ‘BP Implemets Breakthrough in Pipeline Safety’ - and keep the stories short and interesting.  I’d watch it in spurts (like I do other news).

Would it be entirely out there to think what if you didn't need to send anything to a device except the way to reorganize the bits to create the file. Why send the phone 4GB that it already has.
Thank You for the interview.
Human beings believe bad news better than good news. Fear is man greatest undoing.
So
Interesting talk. Next time invite me
I've found there's always a reality based in track record and evidence that overrides perception manipulations. #thetruthalwayssurvives
Mr Billgates do you know that we have a lot of brilliant thinkers in our country more than your ‘s
We have alot of brilliant thinkers in our community ,more than your s

http://www.ulusaldemokrasienstitusu.org/turkiyenin-toplumsal-kimligi/ …
I absolutely loveed this .
Think more and more....ur think only can change our technological world
Do you know too much #technology and #ArtificialIntelligence could end human race?
You are my inspiration and I am my company my thoughts are my gadgets.....
Perhaps there has been much more progress in the world of technology than with visionary leadership we so desperately need. It seems one is moving at light speed while the other is losing significant ground in my lifetime.
I'd love to see a ticker similar to the stock market but for all of positive things happening in the world. Less death, less disease, less violence, less war, more equality, more literacy, more education. Let's focus on what's getting better and do more of that! #Enlightenment
Hi Danielle  I like this message  on the video
Maybe it is also about experience and experimenting different things, not only about information perceived differently...
@BillGates
oi cara win, flaz
how the information we consume shapes our perception of the world. The shape of the country only depends on the output results of parliament. Thank you Sir.
When are you coming 2 innovate zimbabwe
there are so many THINKS
that a thinker can think!
                            oh, The THINKS You Can Think
#bravenewworld
Yea sure, idea matters but the provision to implement the ideas matters too sir @BillGates

#ReleaseTheMemo does Bill Gates agree?
Dear Bill..I need to get a hold of you to discuss philanthropic work in regards to an AIDS mitigating cure I have designed for people in African communities. I have also come up with a cure for cancer of all forms.
Gimme job sir.. :(
Greetings Mr gates Glad to know that you work on this side , keen to work for Humanity. Thanks
Too bad the smartest peop,e aren't smart enough to learn about God and His Word, the bible
Love the optimism.  The FUTURE is bright!
Truly our own perception becomes our reality, thus the child, taught beliefs while young is so much harder to convince of truths, factual or imposed. There are many great minds even in the trenches that have no idea of their wisdom and no audience to hear them.
Bill Gates is the most famous college dropout. Physics is; if & ONLY if the elementary arithmetic understood in school - progress is not a physical quantity, has no unit, cannot be measured, or quantified, or expressed by a number. @sapinker
Learn what is a fact. Fact relates to religion~ See attached "fact" has nothing to do with work or works. Work has nothing to do with fact. knowing what is Work relates to if you know physics or not. @sapinker
"brilliant" is a eugenics term, to a eugenicist some are more "brilliant" than others. However, eugenicist doesn't know why! Eugenics lead to the WWII @sapinker
How does @BillGates knows @sapinker is a brilliant thinkers? What instrument @BillGates uses to measure someone is brilliant thinkers? Has @BillGates invented a  brilliant-O-meter what we don't know of?
You should read about this new EDU social media platform that's being developed.

Game-changing.
genius
Next read on my list thanks @billgates and @brendonBruchard great read on #highperformance happy this crossed my path
<3 =^_^= 

You’re amazing Mr. Gates! 
I've been looking at Steven Pinker's books for the first time...  Really thought provoking/inspirational.  Thank you Bill Gates for recommending. 
If the world have two man like Mr:BillGates WE WELL make business on serves of the moon's. God bless every one helping humanity all round Earth.
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
https://imgur.com/gallery/dTGysR9 
https://www.businessinsider.com.au/facebook-bans-bitcoin-cryptocurrency-ico-ads-2018-1?r=UK&IR=T …
Nicely done; thanks for sharing.
Mr. Gates,  I just want your commitment that you will pay for my tuition fee and living expenses. You won't directly pay to me, you will pay directly to the University. I have 100% to be accepted at the university of Edinburgh. Please help me on my studies.
I love the University of Edinburgh because the education they give is highly favourable for an international student like me. I love University of Edinburgh because it accepted me. I love University of Edinburgh because it motivates me to do great things.
I will perform with the highest marks no international student has ever did. I will study hard. Mr. Gates, please assist me on my studies. All I want is your commitment that you will be there with me during my studies at the University of Edinburgh.
Mr. Gates, what if you could  pay for my tuition fee and expenses directly to the University, in exchange of the agreement that I perform with the highest scores? What if you pay directly to the university of Edinburgh? All I want is get to study law in UK.
@jeremycorbyn @realDonaldTrump
It's an ongoing indefinite loop without End from 6/2013. There's nothing to think about signature. It's instance decision making to sign up for my @ukhomeoffice file in order to get my British Passport. Any minute is precious. Act NOW.
Very Cool but How about Microsoft sharing some of those Billions From Tax Breaks - Giving hardworking employees. BONUSES
Hello
Hmm
HE is doing the wonderful job
Great human being not less than angel
There are good drugs to stop Dementia in Siddha system and Ayurvedic system of Medicine and I am using the same with my patients. If Bill Gates is interested can contact me for details.
Put a mustache on him and call him iestien a
Your universe does not punish
Does not control
Only your practice will be returned to you!
The universe responds to the vibration sent from you.
Happy thinking
Happiness is received.
Negative thinking...

Do not hesitate!
This is the law of the universe ...
Bill have your dad try TNT (Tissue Nano Transfection). Developed at Ohio State University bioengineering lab. Google that!  Kind regards
The goal is not money.
Money has no value.
The value comes from the dreams that help you get the money.
Also @MaxCRoser @OurWorldInData @USAFacts @Gapminder @OlaRosling
Sir once saw Osho (Acharya Rajneesh) thoughts? See? Even if you do not help me?
Reminds me of @PeterDiamandis has shown in his #abundance and #bold comparison. @BillGates I am curious to know what is the wisdom behind the gates foundation working on eradication projects, as opposed to hygiene efforts. What are the worlds biggest problems in next 25 yrs?
You are wrong
Dear Mr Bill you are great scaentist and human man.I am desperate and hope only you can help me.Please cool me on Viber or What's up +381631119045.Dr Biljana Šević.Waiting with hope for your answer.Regards
Help me
Waw
Sir plz help me
Inspiration
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/955650491308040197?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E3 …(?)
I want to be like you
Good
I want also active in Japan!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
Making the world a better place... Steven Pinker and Bill Gates colabo...keeping the fire burning.
sir world make god
"we are living in the most peaceful time in human history" yeap. But I don't thinks animal think the same. They killed mostly for nothing, like bears in Russia, sharks for shark soups, many of them suffer from nets, if not extinct. Did you read "deer's story St. Matthew Island?"
https://www.gofundme.com/4hnzpq-need-your-help …
Slt   Nous devons
 considérer avec plus d'importance nos rapports  avec cette trilogie  : L' ecriture.  L'image   La théorie
Yeah!It matters most!
This is  called " संस्कार " Sanskar.
Pls how about the DBN Program
Can we read brain waves to pico level

brave ideas
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Пиздец, ты ахуевший ботяра))) Билл там людишек кормит, пытается довести хотя бы до 1.5 доллара в день, чтобы они могли поесть, а тебе машину и шубу надо))) 700 тонн куда те столько???? Вали работать, Новосибирск-миллионник работы там клюй, чем хочешь, нытик.
Hello sir please help me I have a big problem with money I am a humble request. Believe me. I am your son. I can not help knowing that I'm going to die today. You do not believe that you will help me from B  H Halabar  India .I am waiting for  your reply

pleas follow @andrio1010
Yes!
100 percent.this is all about.
Very good ideas
Mr. Gates, I understand what you want people to see, Being optimistic. I have 100 reasons to quit asking help from you, but I will try harder to have 10000 reasons not to give up asking for your help. Here is my link again:
https://gogetfunding.com/InternationalFoundationProgrammeAndLawdegree/ …
Am Blessed, #Eyes, #Ears, #Touch, are feeding organs of the #Soul, #Mouth becoming an overflow of the #Brain, making the #Soul and #Mind a #Husband and #Wife. Its programing humanity with whichever #Operating #System you prefer. Its vital to #Parent with #Programming #ideology
Bill Gatesさん

I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about how the ◯◯ we consume shapes our perception of the world. I’m glad we have brilliant thinkers like ◯◯ to help us spot signs of progress

Thank you very much.

#Microsoft #information
good afternoon! I would like to open a business for the cultivation of cars and for decontamination in Kazakhstan you can help on mutually beneficial terms
Good
Really to get bigger .. Call me gates
There is not a crock sources.. Get my phi e call me
so nice of thinking
v
Sr Gates forgive the audacity to approach me to ask him to help me out of this situation please help
Wow
Me too.  If I had funding or collaborators, I  could shrink tech books down by factor of about 0.90.
Please give me your blessing on this new year to get the opportunity to fully change the World.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.
 
Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources to solving society's problems
... to philanthropic causes.
 
.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.
 
The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.
 
Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
you don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.
 
Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"
Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.
 
We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
2-Alcoholism -- Answer--"For relaxation" & Pleasure
3-Drug -- Answer-- For relaxation, lifing up mood & Pleasure
4-Pre marital Sex- Marriage problems & Divorce
5-Absence of money awareness-Demand their parent..because of bad/rich friends
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.
 
I will include these bad habits of Youth
 
1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation.Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

 Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Our Movie will handle this "DATING" (a serious disease for our society, mainly for our young generation) in perfect manner.
 
What about glorifying Courting (Courtship).... with high moral value..in our Movie ? ....Please provide your Input.
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace..will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.
 
"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago...
Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.
 
After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
You have 43.6M followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD so even FILTER can't stop.................will try
 
Please tell me if I am wrong for having a dream of a movie produced by you to show the right direction to our young generation
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" .I want to contribute in this social service.
 
Brother, I hope you will produce one unique movie to show the right direction to our Young generation.Very real & Simple.............  no Fiction
I am IT professional.With God's grace & your help, I can Write, Act & Direct such Movie.Please think in different way of Social Service.
 
This unique Movie will make Huge profit as well as contribute PEACE to world and brotherhood.Please discuss this in BOD Meeting.
You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter this issue is pending from Your side.
 
Movies show BIG impact on society, Please plan the production of such movie for welfare of our young generation.
