Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.;
Done. Please like and retweet my pinned twee.
Done
You’re hopes for billions
we are one family, on one earth. Let us all work for a better future
Here's another story about how Data can change the world
Bilderberg/Facebook/Google/Twitter? Judging by Zuckerberg's recent Court appearance he looks a changed man. FB & the rest been 'taken over' some time ago?
The only part of this I have an issue with is the word man. Can an android truly be considered a man? 

These are the questions we need answers to right now! lol
Good point! My mistake..I usually use the word automaton...AutomatonMacron etc...

God Jeová bless America,God Jeová bless the world,in God Jeová we trust,God Jeová bless you all brothers and sisters true believers and all the children of the world!
Hello again brother how are you doing Bill Gates?
How are you doing?
Can you help make my cellphone secure please?
Lets go home holy city and paradise too,
, because i am really Jesus Christ son of God Jeová and my home is Holy city and paradise too,so please help me and i will take you to my holy city and paradise too,like i will take my darling,my wife Lady E and the children and all true believers (those that are loyal to God,me)
And if you really help me,by God Jeova'i will take you there!
You that i love Erin and angels serafins querubins and saints now about it,God Jeová nows aswell,so please by the love of God Jeová Will you help me?
God Jeová bless America,God Jeová bless the world!
... and 7.6 billion people on Earth, who must feed and live in better conditions every day ... Not bad, but we need to continue working hard for a better future for all.
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.
Sir yours initiative has been awesome
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late..
We will. Don't worry
Thank you so much mam.
That's extremely important for the world.
Ainda bem que tem gente querendo mudar o mundo para melhor 
Great sir
May be u r rght bt i dnt think so
Here's story on how 1 girl (moi) and 1 guy (u) can change the world via 1 tweet. My sister died of non-smokers lung cancer; my nephew is vp event to raise $ for innovative #cancer research. No big bucks? Buy some raffles:) http://www.wizadjournal.com/icrfrevolvingtables2018/?id=2544 … and TY.
great
Awesome sir......
Good morning
So u can make more money AND keep tabs on them im not surprised btw hows india?
hey mate chance you could spare a couple of million? Cheers in advance
Awesome 
Keep up the good work, sir.
1,200 scientists, 65,000 local officials, 140,000 industry representatives, and 21 million farmers. This is a story about how data can help change the world. http://b-gat.es/2HDzO9V 
Hmm
Are you a business man or woman? Do you need loan to settle your debt and start a nice business of your own?veteran home loan
Contact Person: mr philip crane
Country: United States
Whatsapp Number: +1 (205) 293-4700
Email: veteranhomeloan406@gmail.com
This is Huge Data. NBC just telecast. Cure on Lung cancer. # Data ..Immuno therapy. Why isn't it a March to save our Kids lives. Only took me 30 min on TV to Know  Immuno therapy Now   
Hi Bill  I cannot Figure why you haven't been on Forefront of Immuno Therapy for Cancer  Its a Cure that should be available like last year. Only thing that's holding it back. The Greed of medical system making Billions on Chemo Therapy  Unreal no March on this Bullshit 


señor bill le salve la vida en un asalto en su barco octopus ,quisiera saber si tiene la posibilidad de que me pueda ayudar , esto ocurrió en la localidad de montañita , país de ecuador
@BillGates 
@melindagates 
Sir please help me. I am in very trouble please Sir help me. Sir I want to open a HOSPITAL and a SCHOOL for poors,and I need your help
A/c no. 3287603771
+91 7348228292
SIR I want only$ 800,000.it's nothing for you.
Please please
Fascinating!
saludos
Thank you. I fail to understand the none sharing approach when a fundamentale requirement.
really inspirable sir you are real hero in the world respect you always .
We'd all be so much stronger with an integrated view of the universe. The simplest starts with base-2 from the Planck base units: http://81018.com  is our on-going work in the area.
Hmm
Agricultural Extension Services have been information and research sharing for years in the US (since the Hatch Act in 1887 and the Smith-Lever Act of 1914). The Chinese just replicated this idea, they did not start it.
An evidence-based approach can be used for the entirety of civilization. Not only to fix farming but also the CO2 output of industry and transportation. It’s called a Resource Based Economy. Who will be the first billionaire to denounce capitalism?@TheVenusProject
Mude o mundo , me presenteando com uma casinha pra mim viver feliz  

जय जवान जय किसान

Good day @BillGates 
I am still short of my goal for a charity bowling event I am in for Cystic Fibrosis and I have 33 days left to get there
Would you please help sponsor me @BillGates ?
Here is the link to my page to to so. Thanks @BillGates
This is the power 'Extension' from our land-grant universities has on people in rural areas.  @UNLExtension has an amazing partnership in China helping farmers today to help rural China thrive.
...making science the new ideology of life and data the driver of  desired growth help  achieve sustainability- goals  faster .
Great....
It is great to know that our vision has basics and understanding. After 10 years of supplying agro solutions, we see a huge gap between Smart Agriculture and smallscale farmers ability to pay for it. We hope our solution will narrow it. We make climate risks management affordable
It's scientific data world indeed!
I though it was that many couldnt get windows 10 to remember wifi connections 
data has already changed China.
Hello sir
Definitely helpful to build better and best future, but only if it is used positively !!
Why don’t we work on creating a more stable OS first, then maybe we can tackle that changing the world thing.
Agriculture is the foundation of Human existence. If inventions can boost production world will become planet of happiness . 
We will be great full for ur contribution in our life Bill boss.
Buhari represents the dullards. He represents the illiterates and those who confuse feudalism for democracy. He represents the mediocre-minded and those who are satisfied with crumbs. They are few. We must set them free to free Nigeria! Thank you @BillGates for the visit.
Dependent on user input/intelligence
And what?  We all just have to submit that data driven change (and unnecessary tech) is good for the future?  More bad than good coming from tech and it’s LYING, CHEATING, DISRUPTION DRIVING, THIEVES.  Say no way to machines and yes to #peoplefirst !!!
bravo
My question why not use farmer who have been some of the most successful in the world as models upon which those farmers could use & who are those farmers that fit that model
Sure is.
Awesome
Sir, these days data is like Uranium, can be used either to make a nuclear weapon or produce clean energy. 
It's usage depends on the person who has it.
Bill! I have a question, could you pls helo me pay for mycollege tuition? I really want to study so bad but dont have the money to do it! I'd send anything you need but please help me! Im18 y/o from Mexico

Small farms worked by owner-of farmers is best incentive for famers, China, and anywhere.  Farming information networks (including internet??) help maximize yields with low tech, low environment impact.

That's why you walking ontop of unending blessing
Psalms72:11-17=4He Delivers TheNeedy WhenHeCalls (God MayNot Ans. Us RightAway But He hears & Will Ans. Even If It Means A Resurrection 4Some) ThePoor & Him Who Has NoHelper_Vr13 He HasPity On TheWeak & Needy & Saves The lives Of TheNeedy_Vr16=Plenty Of Grain
LOVE, Love, love what you and Melinda do!
Hi billGates my son he have autism you can help him I from Seattle ? Thank you

The Primary CRISES in Modern World involve having enough to go around, but refusing to share it fairly.  Greed is the Root Cause of World Crises, let's join Forces, grab the bull by the horns and make this Wonderful World a Better Place to live....  @PAPAWELLNESS1

Maybe you should look at an Chinese company Nongfenqi,an Internet plus agricultural startups, they are by providing a variety of agricultural services to rural access to large data
Dear Mr Gates,

Pls Factor in a vision of living long and prospering based on merit and lived experiences
Excelente inicio de semana ,un abrazo
I dislike Ukai family lies. 

Boring
Knowledge sharing,
Tim Crook is boring because it tries to let others do it.
@BillGates keep up the good fight Mr.Gates! #Microsoft
You are an inspiration...
HELO SIR PLS I WANT U TO ASSIST ME TO BOOST MY TRADE WITH A CAPITAL.
I hope the change gets to Us here.
Is it bad to fantasize that#Bill Gates sort of loaned me 500k and my retirement was so much easier.
Rural Agricultural Engeneering For Agricultural Ecology Linngkaged were the choised for Farmers to be more prosper
hách like kiểu j
Another example of how your technology has directly negatively impacted the world. Some may argue this but because of your technology mankind is on a steady decline. You will be remembered for the person who brought civilization to its knees for your own self gain.
Food safety is major issue for survival of humanity. Food crisis is going to creat havoc if it is not taken care of in time. Global humanity is going to suffer with food, water & air crisis, so on so forth. It is great news that China is farming well.
Unless of course elected officials ignore the data or make up their own. Q.v. Scott Pruitt, a prime example of Old Power sinking its own ship.
If China can desert the CCP, the most evil totalitarian party, then, China can be the most powerful alley of the USA to contribute to a peace, healthy, and prosperous world. But the CCP has always been hijacking China and treating the USA as its most danger enemy since from1949 !
Mr. Gates might disagree with President Trump's trade sanction to Xi's Communist Party(CCP) that has always violated the WTO rules.
I hope Mr. Gates can distinguish the huge difference between CHINA and the CCP, and know clearly there is no CHINA ARMY but only the CCP MILITARY 
Great story of how data and partnerships lead to sustainable increase in productivity. Agriculture in developed worlds, such as Australia, have tremendous knowledge and experience to contribute in this area @DPIRDbroadacre #GlobalGoals #SDGs
Chinese project offers a brighter farming future...
Opportunity to embedding silicon chips at source to identify patterns of food production, distribution and  consumption?
huh strategy worked, I remembered what I am going to focus on, rather can now plan that, imaginary punching bag, fueled energy directed towards TWITTER GATE-S ( that'll makes sense in a few years ) : D back to what I was doing focusing on what I was doing. adios muchachalakalaka
didn't you go to college, don't you know you need references? Just throwing "DATA" out, I guess you've earned my trust by having your cronies constantly break into my home per-say, and now numbers you spew out (ur rep.) I replaced data with lies and then this made sense..weird..
我有故事 你有酒吗？
Yeah
My teacher God amen
As long as the scientists aren't saying what their Globalist employers pay them to say, the local officials aren't bowing to Globalist loving Govts, industry reps, ditto & farmers aren't screwed by Corporates as here in UK over the past decades.
Haai  Sir
Do we have something comparable on any scale in the US?
Yes
I’m glad you use your wealth to better the lives of others. I have an idea that I would like someone to try. As we baby boomers age and need to be placed in assisted living facilities, how about having aging animals placed there also. Adult Dogs and cats that would bring/get joy.
That is nice collection of data
Hi! FB is my world ! Being in FB is living around the world!
مودك تعطني فلوس
Amazing project, congrats to China.
Really, really cool.
Good info
I have an idea for you why don't you make a cellphone company it can be the best smartphone ever
well done
A good society would research for a cure to cancer, as contrasted top an  ill society in which would research for an instrumental value to reduce cancer to chronic illness for profit. Where is the cure?
I’m liking this. The Participation revolution is full flow ... http://amzn.to/2ErdNg8 
this is the political agenda behind ourworldindata! this is why it's dangerous to mix science with politics
Great thinking..
My mentor
It is true, sir

Thank you
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $400 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
bill gates comment la rdc a bcp de recule dans la nouvelle technogie
Beautiful 
No more no less

For good future.....farmares will be strong....n u r doing great work sir....
God bless you, Bill. Your are fulfilling your true mission on Earth by becoming a blessing for many!
Data yg bnr y
I need job sir please
Hi try this program and start making money online following simple steps https://bit.ly/2IZrQaD 
what we can learn?
Sir you can influence Indian Govt to invest in villages and for agriculture, roads, water irrigation, medical schools
You are too good sir, you are hope of billions...
Great sir
@PMOIndia परम आदरणीय बिल गेट्स महोदय जी भारत में 500000 लोग रसोई इंधन के काले धुएं से बीमार होकर मरते हैं ऐसा विश्व संगठन की रिपोर्ट है बायो ईंधन की तकनीक को विश्व में 80 से 90 करोड़ महिलाओं तक पहुंचाने का एक बड़ा लक्ष्य आपसे सहयोग मिलने पर रखा जाए मुझे एक अवसर दिया जाए आशीष दे
@BJP4India  परम आदरणीय बिल गेट्स महोदय जी बायो ईंधन कि मेरी इन तकनीकों को मैं विश्वविख्यात करना चाहता हूं विश्व में जिनके घरों में पशुधन है यह मुफ्त की रसोई इंधन गैस होगी मोबाइल बायोगैस प्लांट के माध्यम से मैं इन तकनीकों को विकसित करना चाहता हूं आपसे आर्थिक सहयोग मिलने आता है
great plan
Indian farmer need like this project so indian farmer economically strong. Spe. How defense uncertain climate .
Interesting
Sir it's very important and need in India also .
Too important
I really appreciate
Thxxx
Does Bill know why I'm asking for help from these kids? Because this city where I live is a small town, where we have little political support for these young people who try to improve their lives, so with all my heart I decide to create a kitten to ask for help to

Try aquaponics it’s 100% sustainable. We have the technology the equipment and the knowledge to make it work worldwide. http://Www.aha-services.com 
Hats of u man..
Super sir
对于有700000000贫穷人口的中国来说，只有我们自己知道是怎么走过来的！
Santiago Castro
@sancastrogo
How many tourists are from all over the world somewhere away from home?
But the most farmers don't have the good hardware to work
could be another significant breakthrough after firework turns into rocket
t
these people, because I sympathize, and I really feel their pain. I hope that you remember my intentions for you, it concerns machines. In addition, I would like to release all innocent people from places of detention. Please understand me. Sincerely, Professor Maharti (Alex Rage
Hello, dear Bill. I hope that you will understand me as a true Man. I very much hope that in the future all people will be able to breathe a full life and stop fighting. I hope that the US will be able to stop the war in the East and in other countries. I'm very concerned about
Does Bill know about GDPR !!!!!

Burn all data.....oh know bit stupid
I need a Windows computer, could you give me one?
Awesome
I hope that the whole Earth go in the right direction!
@bobatl #wheresbobbyray
Thank you, you are awesome.
That's great.
Data huh, hmmmmmmmm
Please share or donate
مرحبا BillGates.انا من اليمن اود المساعدة منك.taha_77_1982@hotmail.com
Awesome .

Data seems to be taking over
