Show you care about the environment and dump Monsanto and put them out of biz, then I will believe you.  Until then, not so much.
Then why are you a proponent of chem trails and fake food.  Come on Bill.  Let’s get real.
20th century has seen magnificent inventions & innovations in Electronics & Software but 21st century will see discoveries,breakthroughs,inventions & innovations in green & clean technologies.
No more planned obsolescence !!
@BillGates was once in my hometown of Pikeville KY. Hate that I didn’t get to meet him! His brilliance and leadership is mind blowing to me! Not to mention his hand in creating the personal computer industry!
Hi pest. Lol
Untill now every innovation by humans have been proved anti environment. We invented cement so woods are saved but to build human colonies we have cut a lot of forests.
You have absolutely no proof at all that anything you're saying is factual about climate change being caused by human interaction with the planet to any degree greater than it ever has in the past .
You are Scott Pruitt and I claim my $5
Thermo electric floating platforms over California water rasivour, would prevent water evaporation and generate electricity.  Water as cold side, sun as hot side.  If build well could last for centuries.
There is soo many possibilities with thermal electric plates and they are just not used in everyday life.  
How do we stop an electromagnetic force that's changing our weather? I think we can really only adapt to live within the changes.
They are already messing with the weather, gates is at the forefront of cloud seeding weather manipulation
More than likely the lack of solar activity on the earth facing side of the sun, and maybe the activity of a large disruption in the galaxy nearby or far away. But not cloud seeding.  
Stop to mining &forest save to earth
Can't you and Bezos set up a political arm to rid us of the menace of Trump & Pruitt
1000% 

I need to speak with you about this new research system to reduce duplication in medical research. It will save hundreds of billions a year in duplication
What you need to see is a venture capitalist.
What I need is the Gates foundation
:)
Global warming if neglected would turn in to Armageddan for human kind.
I admire you so much, that I agree with whatever you say !!!.
Nice
Just STOP already.
Listen to lil wayne bill gates told him to deciated to you show that real grandson

Planting trees everywhere are the one of the best way to control climate change
I agree with you....we have adapt the climate....."SURVIVAL OF THE FITTEST"

True. Don't forget us.
dude buy sun screen already and shut up lol
Yes Sir!  I'd love to help!  Warren Lynn
Climate Change is a Scam.  NASA faked climate data.  If anyone truly believed in climate change, stop flying and driving for good. https://www.lavoisier.com.au/articles/greenhouse-science/climate-change/climategate-emails.pdf … #EarthDay2018 #EarthDay
No we all know it's real it's the big companies they are making electric cars now we are getting there but we are a fare way of
But what about the carbon footprint with car batteries, making car batteries and energy required to charge batteries?
You said it Bill!!

Yes

#Bergoglio, in denying Jesus and His Truth, is deviating from the Way traced by Christ those who have the misfortune to take him seriously ...

Here is how @Pontifex deceives the faithful

…
At the rate we consume, and give off waste, adaptation may be not enough, unconventional radical change of the way of doing things is needed sooner than later.
If you want people like me to think of solutions from your gain of money off the backs of innocence; then you will have to be willing to spend like all your income to fight climate change for special projects. The richest men in the world can afford it!  Don’t ask for donations!
You are the one who is causing climate change Mr. Gates.  Your development of creating GMO’s which is causing ground toxins where crops can’t grow every year!

Weather manipulation causing small farmers to lose their lands because they don’t want your stupid seeds!
How are you???
Hiii
Sir ji please help me...please Sir...9582178728
Help the poor .What the hell is wrong with all you rich people  you ever heard help your fellow man and charity begins at home that mean's United States. Do you all believe in God cause God says it's easier for a rich man to pass through the eye of a needle than go to Heaven
Like meet you and like write to you, talk to you I am a  NGO worker from 20 years.please how to contact you

Innovation and multi facetted adaptation drive particularly beginning at the grassroot.
True
Hi
If only I could find the words to instigate a gift of one dime from 250 million souls to me for a totally different retirement of giving and being able to purchase my http://medicine.Now 
This is the indication of creative!
Very true
Hi Bill. Do you know what is going on with the MIT group that is actually designing the future of technology as was shown on 60 minutes?
Hola me pueden ayudar me opere del corazón y estoy necesitando $40000000 d dolar es para comprar remedio si SOS padre d familia m podrá ayudar es hurgente
Nice msg brother
Please save my family
Mr. Gates. 

Do you have any possibility on effectively introduce a change at government or global level in order the emmisions got stopped?

Thanks in advance.
Wisest are those who are good at discovering the strengths of others. Strongest are those who  are good at controlling themselves. Richest are those who are aware of their fortune, are content with it, give their wealth to help others, and live a fulfilling and happy life.
Let’s say “ME” @ b.a.s.e.(ye) is sittin on $100 Billion dollars! 
There.... marinate on that! (Part 2 “comin soon”)
Carbon nanotube wire is a key conductor we need to invest in licensed thru the University of Rice. Call me for more information or email. 210-441-1050 rodneykidd8@gmail.com
People tend to forget this..
Sunglasses, sunscreen, winter coats, energy efficient homes...money is already being well spent on climate change. It’s a cycle my friend. Cold and hot, Cold and hot. Our world has a beginning and an end and their is very little we can do to change the climate. Change lives.
By the way way sir, I know that a lot of what you do IS changing lives. And it is definatly appreciated. My 2 cents is mainly referring to the push to adapt to the “climate change theory” Earth day should be changed to “Talk to your neighbor Day” 
Great idea.
hi
Hello sir
There are talented people in India, but why do they have to go abroad?
सर "आशा वर्कर" बहिनों को सरकारी कर्मचारी बना कर मानदेय तो दिलवायें, आपने मोदी जी से इनकी कार्य की सराहना करी थी पर इनको सैलरी तक नही मिलती..
God had provided enough for a mans need but not for greed.We exploited gods gift of nature.
World shud redefine what progress is all about.
"Global warming"

uhh

"Climate Change"

pick one
H A R P
@BillGates
oui vous avez raison
How about a software that you could sell us $500 where is your Indian workers build it for you for $2.5, after all expenses paid!!!
Need your support to establish school for my village. Abbas Malik Area Head Bankislami Pakistan
Very good sir god bless you
nah. the pink albino humans are destroying the planet. we need to rid the planet of mutant leaders.
Dear Sir I am sachmohan verma from INDIA. I belong midilclass family so my English is very raft. You now God gifted in me than present time  I toking with you.I no know guilty fill me . My education M.A psychology.but steady Hindi midieyam midilclass family background socaity.
Fast know you think your body pivotal moment Cheng weather  after dan alrt body narbas cistam cheating body http://temperature.So  now oll wreaths fitted your body so know you fill better.
”...we can stop climate change” = religious gibberish (aka anti-scientific nonsense)
Aap To Aise Bhi chamkile Hai
Hi Bill. France transitioned almost their entire electricity production to 0 carbon nuclear in about a decade. Why aren’t we just doing that? Or at least advocating it? (Not saying we should do rnd in other things of course).

It is freezing in Ohio.  The sun spots are cooling the earth now. You will see the patterns changing, Mr. Gates. Do good...
Please, I Need To Home, I Need To Money
That is the solutions! Have to be mindedly accepted.
Hydro-Thermal Engine - Single Heat to Mechanical Motion
 An Energy, clean, cheap, abundant, unlimited autonomy, available almost everywhere, almost free, works 24 hours 365 days, in which storing, infrastructure, is not needed
Why don’t you, US citizens, start having the same lifestyle that allows us, European citizens, to emit HALF the CO2 you guys emit per person? No big technologies coming tomorrow. We already do it. TODAY.
We need global planing.  We have one. Our your way foundation is from Bombay India.  Sea water distillation plant waste water purification plant.  Food factory the best for all humans.  Best of accommodation globally for all etc 0091 9820902408 whatsapp Viber
The solution is to provide people with tools that allow them to lift themselves consistant with a sustainable future.
@right
Right
Proper perspective. If all of us are stakeholders and living creatures, I think it is important to integrate the thinking and creativity that will enable you to cope with climate change for more efficiency. I believe we will do so well when we cooperate sincerely.
Great advise
Sounds like you're going to give Africans GMO crops, even though people here are refusing to eat them.  Maybe, they're not the boogeyman like they're made out to be.
پاکستان زندہ باد
Ai is harmful for us ...
Share your opinions
This is great news. Borrowing some inspiration I found from @sapinker in "Enlightenment Now" problems get solved with knowledge, and people are knowledge creators. Consider that in the 20th century small pox was real & now it's gone, a solved problem.
Yes problems are hard. But explainers and innovators are up to the task, and it's our good fortune to live in an enlightened & modern times where we have the capacity to pursue solutions.
And it's by recognizing that problems have solutions that we can frame the situation as an achievable project and not as an existential threat that can guide and motivate us to work on it.

Don’t uck with Mother Nature she keeps her world spinning round dancing with FATHER time and she sometimes bites Mo IT 
See below: No one gives back more than Bill Gates and Warren Buffet
Your mobile platform isn’t very friendly )=
the solutions are thousands of years old. the problem is the new. It is the curse of Kassandra.
Hello Bill, greetings how about reaching bicycle users thru' one innovation ... these users are over 250 million and all are active hardworking population of all ..
Should we adjust with #climate to adjust with #MNCs business?  Plant trees. 33% in every home, office, street  & city
Yes we need a Revolution!!
Berry  berry  moment
Carbon emissions are the biggest challenge for this problem but can't we develop ways to absorb this with the method plants do?. I think we must work in inventing artificial photosynthesis technology
dangerous  of course  mr  bill.
Support
Age gracefully the richest man in the world may God always be by your side and continue to set your affairs in order


Innovation is key.  Here @driveway_app we are trying to do our part!  if you ever need parking in Los Angeles, we would be glad to offer you a free space in honor of all you do! #Hero
Let's not ADAPT, @BillGates.  If we are capable of modifying environments in completely unfriendly places (Mars, underwater, moon), we are capable of radically repairing damages we have caused and refrain from further damages. Persevere. Thank you for your Foundation's help.
@3MPokerNo1
-right.#livenewwithnewenergy may be the new age call to best handle C.C
-when solutions move faster from lab to life, the future remains more secure.
-climate-change-cropping-3C' is smart solution to problems seen\unseen
-world must invest more to preserve planet; its only home!
For anybody that is truly interested in helping greatly reduce pollutants, not just on Earth Day but every day I have an electric car that I believe will go many hundreds of miles (at least 400 to 800 miles, possibly more to 1200miles) on a single charge! Looking to sell the tech
@@
Keep up the good work.
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/987154860884799488?s=20 …

 or  
Don’t be this character towards my dreams & company vision, K?  -B.A.S.E.(YE)- https://www.instagram.com/p/BhxnwmOgkSq/ 
Important climate change message on Earth Day from @BillGates @NRDC @SierraClub @JKuylenstierna @tveitdal @ricredman @ErikSolheim @EricHolthaus @MddMacron @SenWhitehouse @SenatorDurbin @SenatorTomUdall @SenMarkey @VulcanInc @SenJeffMerkley @dicapriofdn @BardemAntarctic
lol... Yes and waiting on Santa on Christmas...
This is and real and good opportunity for you to take
Bill Gates do one thing for me you want ? 
Can you celebrate for me every 11 October a break day 
An international break day for humanity in all of the world for them to celebrate that
You can do that because you have an foundation
you want to save and change the world right ?
？
That's good news, but we also need to vote certain climate change deniers out of office.
Climate change is a hoax, no evidence that it is man made
Potus seems to think all it takes is a robust economy and getting rid of regulations.
Climate Change Is Real As The Earth Is Dying
Imagine, we repeal the Obama laws that stifled business, but allegedly helped climate, and NOW climate is fixing itself.  Bill, you may be smart but you have little common sense.
#EarthDay2018
Long live Bill! This world will only be lovely to b wen our beautiful climate remains good so pls let’s take note

I fully endorse this message  https://www.bbc.com/ideas/videos/opinion-the-super-rich-are-damaging-the-environmen/p064kjgj …
You and yer 1% could try consuming less 
I have daily videos on youtube
Please share this video man
I wish our EPA and current leadership agreed with one of the smartest people ever to exist.
With several of the smartest people to ever exist. It angers me to see clueless senators take matters in their own hands instead of use the consensus of thousands of climate scientists across the world.
There's one 'big' problem, @realDonaldTrump. #EarthDay #EarthDay18
Sorry Bill.Ugly and boss don't mix love
In the end all problems are solvable with enough resources.  #pointedlylooking@you
A need perhaps exist to impose Soft Sanctions against countries not complying and implementing climate change mitigating strategies,it might help ? climate change not a myth but reality.
Your right  that's why I'm studying environmental  science  to help find a renewable energy  source , together we can make a difference .
contact is norman@sgmscorp.com or 305-936-9018 and yes i do expect you to respond, because if you mean what you are saying there is no reason for you to bypass this lifesaving product good for everyone. even you.

Can you form a PAC with some of your colleagues for the planet to displace the influence of the Mercer’s and Koch’s? It’s gotten personal and it’s all of us against them. We have to solve that issue to move ahead on the rest of this effectively.
Climate change including global warming and worsening ecology, is a vital matter that touches each and everyone of us. Therefore I suggest to be introduced to school around the world and become integral part of the curriculum ..
also ck my site on the product i invented and the program i wrote for it, want a sample for yourself? info@sgmscorp.com i will gladly send you one only if you seriously want to look at it and help me promote it.Norman
agreed but until we get that dumb dumb in the white house to admit there is global warming we aren't won't move forward.Bill put your power to good use. CONVINCE HIM PLEASE.
It seems a bit late. Look at your POTUS election. The democrats are still yelling about Russian meddling, not realizing how seriously climate changes affect on USA democracy values.
The jetsons had vision. The series 100 vision
Dear  billgates  my  famill   poor   i  want  to  learn   but  i cant  with out  mony   pleas  change  my life     blesss  god    you  and   your  oll  famill  i  hope
Dear  mister  bill gates  you  are  free  gift   from God for  world  developing  country  l have  alot  of  familly   this  familly i  adiminstrating  night  and  day  work  activity     my  name  is  demewoz  tegegn    my  phone  number  0946406325  from  ethiopia
You might want to mention this to Trump and the guts who wield power in this world. Most of us will go along if it helps.
Hear hear
Dear  mister  bill gates  i hope
Earth Day’s 30th anniversary in 2000, Founder Gaylord Nelson said  : “Population, global warming and sustainability would be my suggestions for the three most urgent environmental challenge.. 

STOP MASS IMMIGRATION.
气候变暖会对健康造成什么危险吗？我想从我出生到我死的那天全球气温也不会有什么大的变化
Hopefully, I could read this another day.
The only influencer is The President Of United States
في استضافة المملكة العربية السعودية لتمرين #درع_الخليج واجتماع قوات أكثر من 24 دولة؛ تأكيد على قدرتنا جميعًا على العمل ضمن تحالف منسق، وتنظيم عسكري موحد؛ لمواجهة التهديدات والمخاطر التي تحيط بمنطقتنا.
I love  this indeed,  we don't need  more  brains  just you,  lead on what  the world should do  and we will
I totally agree with you, humanity have to change their mind and look forward to new innovations and support it without walls that nations raises for political and economical reasons. Technology, science, research and innovation must be aside of those trails. It's my opinion .
enta fa2eer
Have always been at the front please carry on with your research and come out with positive solution
Right on every action speaks louder than words
