sir g i need a job
https://imgur.com/gallery/dTGysR9 
https://www.businessinsider.com.au/facebook-bans-bitcoin-cryptocurrency-ico-ads-2018-1?r=UK&IR=T …
When riches are connecting with riches 

If you know you know

Hi!!!
Congrats to rojerfederar
Fedrer become hero of tennis
Hai
You...I like you.
Sir,I'm one of your http://fans.How  can i meet you face to face?
So touching, I love your humble spirit. Thank you and Good bless you.
66666
Hi
Well bill can you tell the Xbox team (Phil Spencer to build a games like God of war for the Xbox gamers
Congratulations
Hi
@BillGates @rogerfederer
I want to thank you with you wife for that kind.heart you have for helping those who disvantged Richard from Uganda east Africa

#AssociationOfNativeHawaiianHealers.org Hawaiian Healers seek justice in Hawaii
Hi people from ug rip mose
It will be a good idea for a privileged tweet section for the 1% who gobble up 90% of world wealth.  We have not time for these kind of things.
Yea
Hai

God bless you mr Gates for all the charity works you are doing around the world.
Hi... sir

Ooooooohhh
A game to love and feel
Some ask and filled his pockets of laughter and ask a question where to look for his question, which brings me ha ha ha
Brother Gates I want to share with you what the Lord has give us to prepare all nations for His coming. Please call us at this number (334-414-6143). Have a blessed day.
dieu est le tout puissant
Good
I ain’t no tennis player or billionaire just an average nobody in need of help I’m unemployed disabled veteran and my family is currently struggling and in need of help urgently. Please help and god bless you please RT
Sir I am a Indian boy varry poor family is my is varry poor family sir you can help me than start a business sir I speek low quality English plzzz help me sir I wait your reply sir
So I was trying to raise  $1,000 and was wondering if you could help me out?
I anticipate that @BillGates will give @rogerfederer some pointers... :)
Love you both!! Congrats!! 
Congrats @rogerfederer
Congratulations  my man.  You are fantastic.
Bill, I hope you are practicing for your ‘surprise’ singles match against Roger?!?!
.
it was a big congrats seriously, can't wait to see your game on March 5.
Salute to my real Hero Master Federer
Hi Sir, I have no money to teach the children of school children. There was a lot of loss in businesses so they were asked to request us a little bit of help. Please please please 
I would love to see @rogerfederer  game up close too - anywhere - @BillGates but the ticket touts get the best tickets, I can't afford the hiked-up resale price so I have to watch the GOAT from "the gods" or not at all 
I am sure #matchforafrica will be brilliant. 
Enjoy!
The secret is in the reading
no one miss u but all of them ate remember u
no one miss u but all of them are remember u

Yes He is a legendary Player .Thats why Bill is congratulate him
Bill you are an inspiration to youths across the world especially africa
Fue muy buen espectáculo,lo de Federer,fantástico.

Im dont how to tell u any other way but i got an email that says youre gifting me $5 million dollars im having a hard time believing that
You just can't stop Federer from bagging those Grand Slam titles.
Wow So Nice
Africans shouldn't be fooled  by destroying their green jungles for profit making concrete & electronic jungles
Eres el mejor del mundo Gracias por darnos tanta felicidad a todos nosotros tus fans con tus triunfos!!
Hehe I hope you can finance my little dream 
Just make sure the 'other' Bill isn't there...
Owo
https://youtu.be/shBTw_x9T_c  
damn
I Love your Brilliance
Nice Sir
Congrats
क्या बात है सर जी
thnx Mr for appreciating such people who are great end do great things to.

great player..Heartiest Congatulations
Rogedenry a new word for a legend as you!
Keep enjoying us and thanks for all your sacrifices
Thanks for appreciating. 
I need to be rich like http://u.How  can I do it
No double faults last time and keep it up:)
Bravo
Kudos
Ur my fav sir always... I respect

Bill. Send me a ticket please, I have windows lol
Well Bill. Just quietly, between you and me on Twitter,  I reckon you will.
Big boss
Congratulation
The best!!
Congrats
Well done Roger  Federer for winning  grand slam
Go Ahed Roger Federer
@rgery thanks for the effort
Seriously, this man federer is evergreen.
one legend is wishing another legend
Perfect timing!  
At 36 years and 173 days, RF is the second oldest man to win in a Major
in the open Era.
Ken Rosewall (37 years, 62 days) holds the record

 RF is third man after Roy Emerson and Novak Djokovic to claim six Australian Open titles
Great


Congratulations
Sir iam fan u because ur hard work so sweat
It's amazing Sir...
hi
That's my birthday, and I so wish I could be there!  Have fun, Rog and Bill!

Good morning sir
Hlo
Congratulations @rogerfederer
No one has ever or ever will come close to what #Roger federer  has achieved. He was born for the game and we are lucky to have seen him play. #GodmodeTennis - hail #Roger federer 
well done rogerfeder, well done.
Congratulations @rogerfederer . U are unstoppable. Many more to go. #RF20
Congratulations 
Hi
Good morning
Ok
Good to hear
Congratulations
Good job
You are my roll model
Congrats R G 6th aus open title..
Hello sir
Congratulations To @rogerfederer ...
RF vs BG  !! The best match of the year !!
Congrats Rogerfederer!
Congratulations @rogerfederer!
A new brilliant history maker
Keep on inspiring who doing best in their field
You are great person, doing great jobs helping. I love it. You will more successful in your life.
Thank you very much for your helping people
Thank you very much for your helping
Need u help please
Take  care!!!
Congratulations @rogerfederer Your an inspiration!
Memorial Ingvar Kamprad " hardworking and stubborn" solid with feet on the ground. Condolences "Ikea family" from Sami peoples home!
Can’t see you loosing so switched off TV till you regained !
Congratulations
cái gì thế này
Looking forward to March 5th
Waynes thaynem may ghod
If you like and you are one of thousands, does it matter?
Hi friends today seivitay day and night with you guys doing today then you can see you
Hi sir ji kaise hai aap
I can t believe what you said about milagro sala!!! Come jujuy and see before talk!!! This woman must be for ever in prison!!!
Impressive that you could even see the ball when it zooms by so fast. Do you play with tennis stars, really? Have a good day. @kdavis987
He is Phoenix. most inspiring sportsman. He is super@human. Kudos mr. Federer
I guess training with you was a truly game changer for @rogerfederer 
Playing tennis with @rogerfederer was one of my favorite parts of 2017. I can’t wait to team up with him again on March 5th for the next Match for Africa with @JackSock and @SavannahGuthrie: http://b-gat.es/MFA5SV  
Inexhaustible. I with my wife, I blow as a seal by going(taking) up the staircases of my house certainly because of a bad hygiene!?
Inépuisable. Moi avec ma femme, je souffle comme un phoque en montant les escaliers de ma demeure...surement à cause d'une mauvaise hygiène!?
Hii

Congrats...Roger Federer
*CONGRATULATION MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS*
I thought bill gates was dead...
I'm inspired by you & all
Hello mr billGates
Mr Gates. Roger. Would you consider bringing this to So Florida. Wellington could not accommodate but maybe WPB or Hard Rock Stadium?
Good Luck Bill ..... Roger Federer's 20th Grand Slam in Australia must be another strong reason for the success of March 5 #MatchforAfrica ......
Hey bill do you reckon you could buy me a plane ticket to London to watch united play thx
I meant Manchester sorry I am not very smart like u thx plz buy me a private jet thx bye
when children, women and other civilians are getting murdered, it would be helpful if two powerful and philanthropic humans raise their voice to help
@rogerfederer what an icon.....20 GS... 
Great win Roger!! Thanks for all you do on and off the court-
@JAMALx419
Å
A terrific occasion to reread and savor David Wallace's essay on Federer Moments and beauty.
A MOTHER’S PLEA: Please help my prematurely-born who’s still in the hospital for more than one month now. Kindly donate or RT this fundraising for her to bring her home 
Ää
Quel match inspirant !
Congrats
Like Federer. We Mentally Handicapped Would Like To Achieve the Aiming at Works. Even Dosing Medicines . We are Looking Forward to Big Goal
Bill- Australian wildlife #koala #kangaroo are in trouble. Their numbers are plummeting dramatically bc of commercial killing and habitat loss. Agribusiness want them eradicated. We need your clean meat to expand to save them. Please go to see .@KangarooMovie now showing in US.
Please MR. Gates, help me on my campaign.
Anxious to make my annual donation! 
Congrats!

Hey guys you can invite me to the match.
Hello
I'm one of your fan's Mr. Bill Gates ;) keep going <3 <3
Bill gate my role model a man who sees everything as nothing
Thank you Bill Gates for my programming career with Microsoft products. 35 yrs!!!
Dear Mr. Gates thank you for your great behavior as human been. I really admire your current work. How do you think a regular person like me without money could help in your great quest to make a better world!!
Hope it's going to be played in Africa... Having the world's most successful businessman and 20 times GrandSlam Champion would be an honour to Aftica

@BillGates you need to work on your trash-talking
आदरणीय बिल गेट्स महोदय जी मैं इन तकनीकों को विश्वविख्यात करना चाहता हूं पर्यावरण की रक्षा के लिए वनों की रक्षा के लिए पशुधन के संरक्षण के लिए गाय की रक्षा के लिए हिंदुस्तान में एक बड़ा सार्थक कदम उठाना चाहता हूं और विश्व में भी सभी जगह आपके माध्यम से प्रचार करना चाहता हूं
इसके अनुसंधान केंद्र के लिए 1000 करोड़ रुपया एवं इसके संचालन के लिए 10 लाख रुपए प्रतिदिन मुझ जैसे दिव्यांगजन को इसके प्रचार प्रसार के लिए ₹5 लाख रुपया प्रतिदिन के हिसाब से दिया जाए मुझे आशीर्वाद प्रदान करें ताकि विश्व जगत को मैं इसका प्रचार कर सकूं मुझे आशीर्वाद दें
Do you still program?
परम आदरणीय बिल गेट्स महोदय जी आप गरीबों की सेवा के लिए आगे रहते हैं शौचालय से बनने वाला तकनीक भी मेरे पास है परम आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री जी भारत सरकार को इस बारे में मैं लिख चुका हूं मुझ जैसे दिव्यांगजन देसी वैज्ञानिक को बायो ईंधन की इस के लिए अनुसंधान केंद्र बनाने सहयोग करें
