Decreased by
60%
Reduced
@BillGates is the exact opposite of Kim Jong Un.  God bless you and your family Mr. Gates...
Decrease by 60%
You, Mrs. Gates & your foundation are saving countless lives thru out the years & many countries. Deeply touched & grateful for your greatness & dedication towards the poor & unfortunates. Hats off!
decreased by
In Hans Roslings steps! 
Great that you are inspired and continue to challenge our Factfulness <3
Don't know
Many thanks, Mr. Gates 
We can and must fight #Malaria. Definately #readytobeatmalariaKe - Are you? Some photos from my work in Zambia below. #MalariaMustDie 

@WHO We must build up support for our #healthpromotion work Follow at @marinasoltan_ ,  RT and like

Together this #MalariaDay we can fix this!
Mr bill gates I will be decreased in last 15 year
d
It is decreased to the extent of 35% in the Asian continent so far as I can comprehend.
.
Increase 10
Increased
Good work
You are a gift to this world!!! God bless you and your family. Thank you.
Thank you very much sir for your efforts to make the world change.
COME ON EVERYBODY (8)
MUSIC TO MOSQUITO
I applaud you for saving the world. I grew up in a small town called Jesup. 15 years ago Blacks made up 90% of the jail population. Today, Jesup has a prison and guess who makes up the majority of that population. America needs you too! #help
always  love you. You are so kind to the world.
Thank God For Decrease and all you Do.
Dear Bill,  I'm praying that the number of Malaria cases have deceased by 90%.  But I expect that the actual decrease is likely to be about 60%.
So much concern for people,  Bill.  What about the wild animals?  The elephants, whales,  tigers?  There's no shortage of people,  but animals are losing territory every day... can't you buy Africa or something?
@BillGates
BIll Gates, helping kill indigenous people since the 70's... Bilderberg Group, Dupont, Monsanto, Microsoft ALL guilty of crimes against Humanity... Creaing #aids with the #poliovaccine GOOD JOB BILL AND CO! #nwo #epicyte sterility gene in Corn! Look it up people! #soros #SATANIC
hlo sir
Mosquito nets are fine ... actually I use one daily ... yet the root cause needs addressing: by killing (in various means - science/technology) ... I trust the funding'd even be half of what you've been deploying over the years. Trust me, I live in the moquito wonderland!!!
Great. Even I love work like this in India to make India free from disease
Glad you mentioned it, Bill! Why, in a @TEDTalks from years back, did you say we could lower population by 10-15% in hopes of "lowering co2 levels" on Earth??? What the F??? Also, why do you own so much Monsanto stock? Epicyte pay good dividends for you? #dna #DNADay #DNAday2018
It has decreased by 30%,due to care and huge vaccines, in developing countries.
How much have the population grown in 15 years?

Mr.Gates can i borrow $ 2000 ? I promise i will return to you some day
Thanks for all you do to help others who can not help themselves.
It sounds like they fail to meet their goal twice in ‘15&’17 regardless of their incredible effort. At this point, I think they should focus more in eliminating the mosquitoes than diagnosing and treating the disease. It’s imminent that they change strategy addressing the problem
Dont know dont care kill me now
Malaria in most cases is caused by mosquitos there is a fish that can be released  that eats  them, which  could help control thre population in heavily populated areas however releasing a new species in to a new environment could have adverse effects it also  could help to.
@ManuelPatarroyo created a well researched vaccine against Malaria. It could save many lives.
I totally agree with this
The King Bill Gates .
I always talking to my self : what if you become a MUSLIM, I know it’s difficult to you for many reasons but my advice to you THINK ABOUT IT. 
Thank you. 
Religion is silly, stop.
There are no silly religions D. McMillan  because they all from God , but unfortunately people always garble or make the reputation of the religions bad by their act & behaviors. 
Wish you get the point.
King Gate you are too much God have created you for a purpos
Malaria is  increasing in our country day by day but no one is not taking any action on this
Thanks. For help. As
@BillGates sir plz see so called digital India you'll come to know ! Reality is different than the VR 
https://www.gofundme.com/military-vet-in-need-of-help?utm_source=internal&utm_medium=email&utm_content=campaign_link_t&utm_campaign=welcome …

Can I get a retweet to help get this very deserving mans story out there? 

Please rt, give it you can.
bill are u a robot?
I missed the answer but I am glad for that. Nice achievement.
Hey sir do you have any work which someone can come and do
Mr. @BillGates, thank you for using your resources and efforts on helping the world. I’m very grateful for all of your actions, even if they don’t impact me.
Is it a total decline of 60% or is it per capita? =)
Sucker told you, what I say I mean it.
It's impressive that till 2017 eswatini alone has reduced malaria by 90% wow, and with the others though not documented here I'll say there's been a decrease more than 30% and hope it will take effect in other countries with equal zeal as that of eswatini
60%
This news makes me excited!!
amazing!!!
I'm medical student ,,, but I thought it gets down by 35 percentage ,, happy to know it's decline by 60 % ,,,
But in India it's a big graph ...
Thanks for these information..
HALOO
Bill gates chance are you won’t read this but I need help starting a exotic car business
Thanks to your tireless efforts the numbers decrease each year. The nets are a valuable resource and are extremely effective.
It depends on the country, in some but not all it has decreased but also in alot of African countries it has increased so, are we speaking America or worldwide? In my opinion it has decreased in alot of countries but there are also those small 3rd world countries still infected.
Malaria is really,  my children are suffering from it as I answer your question
Decreased by 60%
What if people just stopped getting malaria
God bless you @BillGates
When my funds are transfered?  Please transfer today or now to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, my phone : +6287727310455, urgent,please no delay, thanks
Dear Sir. I am Shadi Khalaf, a Syrian refugee who lives in Turkey. I was injured in a traffic accident. My leg was broken. I can not work anymore. I am a father of children. You know what you need from food, drink, etc. Please help me. I swear I swear to you under zero.
Increased
beacuse of road accident
decreesed
Decreased
Have population in Africa gone up or down?
Malaria still increase year and has killed a lot of people especially in Africa
@Effect_Altruism for the win.
do tell us   you need to run for president
You should invest in Crypto Bill or you will be regret
Haha!! Seems most of your followers watched hans rosling videos or read his factfulness book.

Great to see optimistic people 
Hello friends. Am Daniel from Kenya seeking donations from anyone to help me feed and clothe my brother's orphans after all their parents died of AIDS. Anybody willing to assist these young starving orphans to call me on ( +254712467982 ). Donate, retweet and share widely. Help.
I wish you Godspeed with your request. I trust that God intervene to help you and your family.  Praying for your familu
Thanks very much brother John. Kindly share widely this my plight with your fellow friends, family members and church members so that whoever has been touched at heat to help and donate whatever little God has given you. Assist me in seeking funds brother for them. God bless you
Ok. I will try my best. Fairly new with Twitter.
OK in case you get something little from you or your friends you can call me on ( +254712467982 ). Or email me at ( otienodaniel56@gmail.com ). Kindly take that responsibility and seek me donations over there. God will bless and reward you. Thanks for your understanding.
Work hard in silence..let your success be your noise 
We salute to you.
bullshit !

Sir plz help me

How to get rid of mosquito?
It's dropped globally by 60% and in Africa by about 66%.
Its has increased to 90% in Nigeria!
How is rich man
Good work!
Best resource so far: http://www.who.int/malaria/media/world-malaria-report-2015/en/ … #sixty
GateToHeaven
Even it is by 62% ...
Thanks to you Mr. Gates
prevent #malaria put the mosquito net at yours  #Windows
Thank you for doing such great things sir #respect
In Sri Lanka malaria is no more. But thousands die because of dengue 
Definitely increased. Especially the parasite Plasmodium falciparum is found more in blood samples of donors.
you are so kind in your fight for better world... and even cute with your poll tweets and a mosquito man fad. Hope you won't be succeeded by another #miserablefailure @satyanadella in health as it happened in @Windows which now crash daily. #firesatyanadella
:( After years of dramatic declines in malaria cases and deaths, the world is starting to lose ground. In 2017, the World Malaria Report showed that for the first time in years the number of malaria cases went up.
While it's good news for Swaziland/eSwatini, "Globally, progress has stalled in the malaria fight" doesn't obviously correspond to a poll answer.
Omg!!!
We seem to be listening to late Hans Rosling and Gapminder who continues his work: Twitterati  actually  beats the chimps in guessing correctly! 39% > 25%.

Not interested Absolutely !!!!!!!!
Cleansiness a day keeps mosquitoes away .Hope this mantra could help us to fight from malaria....
You do a great job mr. Gates
Approximately
Haha! I got it right!
30%
Increased in Nigeria
Decreasing where it is predominantly occurs and claims many life is new areas.
Hey why don’t you worry about an actual problem in your actual country like fixing the water in Flint? Oh that’s right because you just fake giving a damn to make yourself feel better about all the bad shit you do for money.
However, I voted for Decreased 30% just guessing
Awesome mr Gates. You truly ARE doing the Lord's work.
There should one more option which is No Idea.
My niece is a Catholic Nun and works in Kenya . Contracted malaria about 6 years ago, doing well
That is factually awesome Bill. 
Wish someday we are helpful too for the mankind and future generations.
Factfulness taught me to pick the best answer ;)
Sure...same here
Hi bill .my moms first husband died of malaira..later on in life she married my dad .
Thank you and your wife for all the remarkable humanitarian efforts world wide.
Quit pushing poison.
Decreased significantly.....many thanks Mr&Mrs Gate!!
you tricked me,.. increased,.. from being wiped out..
35% decreased over the last 5 years in Kenya.
35% decreased in Kenya over the last 5 years.
Can't open the link. Is it safari windows compatibility issues? Others have said 60% decline, that's great. Perhaps one day we can be free of malaria.

Decreased by 60% because i don't hear much about it like i use to
God I would have loved to see you tackle schizophrenia Mr Gates. But it's cool. 
What a click baiter this guy is.
In my country Nigeria.. It has increased. Truth must be told
Statistics???
what so exciting news for us.hopeful
With global-warming the situation will yield more increases
Well done!


#MALARIA turn up all the lights to stir up the mosquitoes and from the sky, helicopters,  drop a flat large sticky plastic to catch all the mosquitoes. Cover the folk windows and doors with the sticky plastic to catch ‘em too.

Stick to computers, not disease or weather manipulation.
good work with the malaria Bill, sorry I bootleged a copy of win 95
Sir. God Bless You And Your Family. Your Effort Must Be Success ....

I think it has been decreased than earlier.
I'm glad you have used your wealth to help those less fortunate. And that you admitted that the true heroes (in your eyes) are the common people who work hands on to prevent Malaria and Malaria deaths- Mr
Decreasing.... Don't know exactly figure
Hello, Mr. Bill Gates. I could not give a percentage since my life is in America but I think that its proximity to the need and its report to us as news is really satisfactory.
As a Rotarian I have concentrated on the eradication of Polio .I thank you for your wonderful generosity and will follow this next goal with you . #purpleforpoliogardens
Tôi khâm phục ông.
Increased 20 in north america..
..can agree with efforts  can't presume Tax Credits by proxy  transactions should bare name.. @melindagates  @MichaelDell  @paulgallen  J E Jennings..
Your up late
I thank God for your work towards making this a better world for everybody.  God bless you and your family forever!!!!
The Luddites have banned DDT and fight GM tech to control malaria.  They say those solutions aren't good enough. I ask how many children's deaths are worth waiting for a solution they approve?  I suspect their answer will be, "All of them.".
It’s not so much Luddites as it is folks seeking other ways to exploit the vulnerable.
