1/ My new book, Measure What Matters, is now available for pre-order. Its crisp and colorful stories show how teams achieve audacious goals. - https://www.whatmatters.com/  
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.,
Show the app here? What’s stopping you ? Explain what’s the app about?
I don't know how to create app but I have idea of a very new concept of social app. Sorry but I can't tell you it right now.
Hi
im curious @billgates, did you read as much in your early days as you do today?
In most evaluations the output becomes scramble eggs, when the target is Sunnyside Up.
I want to become an Entrepreneur but I have strong fears, Is there any advice or suggestions that you can give me.
Believe in your idea and risk everything you've got. Fear of failure will help you make the jump. #deshibasera
Who is the best person ??
Follow for more questions like this
Mzungu Jesuits Heritage Incalculable, +500 yrs. Probably they got stones in Tasmania too. Well rich guys indeed. RAFA Monaco 
Congrats to him as well
Hey  Bill can John please send me a copy of the book  “measure what matters” I am from Australia and I myself am interested in success.

Congratulation sir!!
"companies can't improve what they don't measure" Sadly, such a thought has undermined a focus on qualities beyond measurement. Such a belief leads to all of us measuring the success of leadership by the metric of our own pocketbook - sad!
Agree, cannot improve what don’t measure or quantity. How about measuring the almost Four Million American Jobs Lost due to H-1b visa schemes from 1990 through 2018 with no end in sight? Measure the damage to American Families, their DREAMS, and the declining middle class in USA.
I will be honoured with your precious reviews, if you take a look at my book which I wrote as a philanthropist
Sir Bill Gates, I love reading , writing and making inspirational movies.I will be honoured with your review precious
https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/161801527/1520528225/600x200 …
I read the title i thought it was referring to something else
...true. measures you take help you to take measures!....and that works more right!
Hello bill
As the saying goes: "you cannot manage that which you are not measuring"!!
Sir 
With due respect , please have a word on the thought on our dream of egalitarian human society.
Maybe we should spend more time on what we can’t measure—which would include time spent not measuring
 everyone calls Bill sir ? It’s the polite way to introduce yourself, As and Australian id say bill or mate 
Congratulations doerr, Hard work truely is the  secret to great health.

“Often you have to rely on intuition” Bill gates
@BillGates you know bear your name so please dm me and perform your duties please
Are you looking for photo Editor? please have a look.
.
https://www.fiverr.com/shahinurislam1  
.
OR mail:  shahinur.islam1111@gmail.com 
.
#beautyeditor #beautyphotography #retouching #beauty #beautyretouch #highendbeauty
 #photoshop #retouch #retoucher #photoraphy
I wish to one day meet Bill if he is to come to Australia . I am interested in innovation and development. I want to help your cause.
Hii sir
@BillGates please help with the massive global litter/garbage/pollution problem. Undeniably dire and easy to address—put people to work cleaning it up.
Food stamps are a major contributor to garbage.  I know because I was on them and food assistance increases the ability to buy prepackaged food or what I like to call CRAP.
I’m not going to point blame at the the less fortunate, or get into any finger pointing-that doesn’t solve a damn thing-we just need to ALL get  serious about cleaning up and respecting the planet. #noblame #noexcuses
Nice work
I'm at to read this book.
Hello precious gift amazing wonderful Bill Gates do have a job for me too pls thanks so much your precious gift amazing wonderful English Jewish lady friend Sharon Elizabeth Ottery Cape Town
Good morning sir 
sir please am kingsley by name am a nigerian sir please i will love you to grant me a scholarship to come study law in the U.S
sir am a nigerian
Thanks a million Mr Gates you are a true hero of the world. You are humanitarian that want to see every man live equal life. I am a Liberian from Africa and we are highly affected by malaria.
Second that
this is the very interesting to read it
Ways to do have been around for a long time: make them relevant & achievable!


I'm in k-12 edu and we discuss this frequently but find it difficult on how to measure.
Weil, See the missing chapter @comey http://z.quebec/36-heures-avant-le-28-octobre-2016-avec-james-comey-ex-directeur-du-fbi/ …
Congrats Chief Gates what say you. Any current OC Updates? Hows the AG Xiberra.
My role model thanks for what you have achieved. Me from Rwanda
totally right!!!. what you don't mesure doesn't grow.
Nice!!! What matters in life.
HALOO bill
Mr John Doerr thanks for the great work!
 Also to you Mr BillGates.
Thanks bill for sharing.

Hello Bill
True. Interesting fact is that most executives READ for at least a couple of hours daily - but rarely know their Reading speeds in ____words per minute. 
Measure and then implement techniques to improve it !!
I want to order one shipping to Vietnam please.
That's true.
慈善家 我见过物件的瞬间移动 小时侯看过市面上关于爱因斯坦和霍金的书 现在我不相信他们了 相信我的朋友可加qq162060875

Congratulations!
Sadly American companies, like Most of it's current inhabitants(can't really call'em all "citizens" now a days can we? ), are All about the Selfish Greed! They don't even want to truly improve Anything as long as "they can get theirs" !!

Awesome!
You get what you inspect, not what you expect!!!
i'm sorry, thank for ALL
I'm coming, i'm miss my family 
need so lot of love 
 F IDA RHODES WWW
Congratulations to your friend John
señor bill no quisiera parecer un acosador , pero yo le ayude en un asalto que a usted le ocurrió en el barco octopus en ecuador quisiera saber si usted me puede ayudar a mi ,ya que usted me ayudan pero muchas personas me roban y me dejan sin nada
God is comming only two years and half ten he Will come i pray for you to be save
Good

there is a measure that the human being must know to apply it to himself; it is the measure of living every day within the time of life that we receive, so for the most important thing in the human being, we do not waste the times of life, the salvation of our soul
there is a measure that the human being must know to apply it to himself; it is the measure of living every day within the time of life that we receive, so for the most important thing in the human being, we do not waste the time of life
Penis size?
Nice Sir Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me Sir
Good
They can measure all they want if there's no will to change they won't.
Mr Gates I have inboxed you on Instagram. Please read.

If only we knew what matters, then we could!
#Ajuda crianças da Venezuela! estamos arrecadando alimentos não perecíveis,roupas ou qualquer quantia!p/ ajudar,chama na mensagem
A lot of FAKE NEWS ONLINE over mental cyber risks - everything being only words/cookies - any #CyberSecurity action? #RSAC #RSA2018
When my funds are transfered?Please transfer today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, urgent , my phone : +6287727310455

http://dailypocket.online/?invite=34931  follow that link  to see that companies also pay people for generating traffic for their websites,thats one of the measures
Good afternoon, Bill. My name is Alexandr. I want to ask for your help. 500 000 USD It's a lot of money for me and my family. Please, Bill, help me. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the benefit's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
I think your are right Sir.
Sir I want to ask Q 
Ans.please
Do you have any machine,software,jugad ? That you can change poor people into rich people.
Thanks
Help me!
Life is sustained by interdependence. We grow strong with assistance from others. In this world, everyone has to rely on one another in order to achieve success.
So true!Good Morning,Sir!

सर
What does Doerr do different than Edwards Deming?
सर प्रणाम मुझे आप का मदद की बहुत ज्यादा जरूरत है कि मेरा इसपाइनल कोड मे चेड लगाने के कारण पुरा शरीर काम करना बंद कर दिया था जिससे की कुछ भी नहीं कर पा सकते थे आप मेरा सहयोग कर दिजिऐ सर
Congratulations much more to him being always a good thought
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Question mr. Gates when was the last time you tortured and sacrificed a child?
I love the 1, 3, 5, 8, 9 Routes and Pathways created by @rogerhamilton and team for #youth #children #adolescents #university graduates #business #health #service #building solid foundations #CommonWealth aligned with 17 #GlobalGoals
How to get mine I'm excited to get some

Oh congrats
Absolutely right
Absolutely true Sir. If I extend this.  Nothing can be achieved if it  is not measured from time to time. Any body who believes it will happen automatically is building castle in air. As they say you take care of small picture, the bigger  falls in its place.
all depending on the companies mental state off mind sourced through evolution comprehending their History first hand,greetings the ninth.
Nice
Congratulations.
Matters without measers
Blast


Watch Live: We will be streaming the Formal Opening of #CHOGM2018 – including Her Majesty The Queen's speech - on our @facebook page @royalfamily after 10am @Commonwealth18 -https://www.facebook.com/TheBritishMonarchy/ … 
Billy, you and John are definitely on to something. Keep preaching. 
Great book
True too, companies are the cause the inflation. They improve their share prices by increasing prices.
Good evening
A wholly objective answer to the pressing question of 'what matters' is, after due reflection,  incorporating wisdom and the values of social entrepeneurship: 'my damn salary is what'.
That was an attempt at humor by the way.  I get like that when I am bored.
Just saw all the movies and read the books. Quite the smartest thug you were during 1984. #stolejobsjob
You can deny cryptocrrency, you should accept blockchain technology, it is great.
Book is pre-ordered from Audible.  Should help my work as an engineer.
You have to be careful to avoid the problem of Lagrange interpolation: forcing the function to the desired value at a limited number of points may lead to increased deviation at points you are not measuring. You must know the nature of the function you are measuring.

I need your help Sir

Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.9
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.8
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.7
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.6
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.5
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.4
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.3
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.2
I also want Bill Gates to be my reader, I believe I have diamonds hidden in this articles. -
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.1
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.0
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late,.
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late,,
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late..
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.q
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.w
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.e
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.r
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.t
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.y
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.u
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.i
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.o
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.p
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.a
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.s
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.d
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.f
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.g
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.h
https://www.facebook.com/hautoshow/ 
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.j
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.k
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.l
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.z
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.x
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.v
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.c
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.b
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.n
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.m
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.
Hi everyone please re-tweet my tweets so it reach to Mr Bill gates and I can discuss a idea of a new social app, i am not rich to go usa for meeting which will help all of you in future and create a world of equality and poverty free, help me to contact him before it's too late.;
I hope you got my email regarding Fred Gitelman who falsely states where he got the idea for bridge base from! Neither me nor my mother should I have our bridge legacy denied!
vzla is alone use your power to help many people is died or killer everyday.
मित्र हो तो आप जैसा
Here’s me just giggleing like a schoolboy at “measure what matters” because I have a 1-track mind.

Looks interesting!
