0538 0574076
Kindly employ me in ur company ..contacts +254722316162
Hey, Bill gates
Make Microsoft too easier so everybody save time. ( in few min. We do our work as fast as
0538 057 4076
Sir ji please help me.... please sir...9582178728
The kit system looks like State City!
Clean energy means clean environment
Smart people know that batteries will not cut the mustard when it comes to powering our transportation. The power has to come in the form of a liquid fuel that has as many BTU power as Gasoline.
The other thought is to power electric motors by nuclear electric power cells.
I have the answer. I am going to USA on April 25 to patent my invent of clean energy
I hope I could meet with you. even by phone
Too much innovation, we need deployment! Would you please advice Microsoft to build some windows apps to control the Green Robots and Green Energy!
you have very good brain.
Nice work that includes others like @energyPNNL looking for clean energy to brighten people's lives with cheaper sources .
This looks promising @briankiiz . the future is always bright
Hello,sir Gates, if I come to the US then you will find me a good job?
Hello
@Tbjministries2 @BillGates @ARPAE
You are a great person 
But still you don't raise your voice for #SyriaIsBleeding
No big leaders have care about Muslims, bro
I know
Statebankof-india: is open today for fees - depositeinUS
Remember:suncanwakeupinwest:
Also a good investment for all new cryptorich !
Congratulations bro Bill Gates I from Kenya especially from marginalized area called mandera is supporting ur effort and development ..plz help me to work with ur company. .. fatahow16@gmail.com that is my email.tnxs
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
I have like your ideas
See
Yes, mr.gates.investing into entertainment is just as genius as the entertainment in general. Personally I find joy in architecture. creating projects for good reasons. rapping and lyrics seems all I enjoy because I can afford paper and pencils.I can't create from ground z0
Thanks Mr. Bill Gates. We need such. Interventions in Uganda
Thanks Mr Bill Gates we need school in Uganda
When u have a responsive and responsible government that cares about d plyte of its citizen u get d best form of government. God bless u BillGates  and God bless the United States.
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Gift  of  ideas  from  Great  Gates
Is it possible you help someone from Nigeria bcos I really need your help sir
Good
Great you are a role model. Please also focus on electric vehicles
name -ravi banduji khandare
my bank a/c no 10171050002045 
hdfc bank yavatmal branch maharashtra -pin code 445001 
ifsc code hdfc0001017 
pls help me 50000rs
I need a new one of those
Sinhhoat
I feel good about it
Hello my Name is Patrick Nwosa I don't want to be a pest but I have an invention that amplifies both current and voltage. This will change the way the world produces energy or consumes it. I'll love to talk if possible
Thanks Bill
You should run for president! Thanks for doing all the good things.
@BillGates  i hate you
Good
@BillGates 
Hello, Sir I am from INDIA . I want your little bit help. I am in very trouble please help me . It's nothing for you but it can change my life. Sir you are my last hope, please help me otherwise I will be die . Please Sir +91 7348228292
Are any decision makers listening? How do you handle the lobbyists for the old way?
@kdavis987
Hi Bill am David please respect each other am David from south Africa move Portugal now and I need job clean your house and jet any thing I need work please my e mail at davidsantos110774@gmail.com
Hello how are you.? I am writing to you for the reason that I have a business proposal to present you with great value and a very successful level. If you want more information, let me know. He was very grateful for his time and apologizes for the inconvenience.
Good
Israel is going amazing work with fusion
@NRDC @SierraClub @AmericasPledge @UNFCCC @MddMacron @SenWhitehouse
DEAR GOD FINALLY ############        WE CAN ALL LEARN!  BELL LAB IN OCALA BUT NOT A SOUTHERN ROSE

A WILD IRISH ROSE.    HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!@@@@ A FOUR LEAF SHAMROCK
We agree how do we send you a good idea
Dear Mr. gates, We (my self & cousin Ali) have created a wind mill ltd. The prototype (6kw/h) is up &producing we need help to Industrialize & market it; Should be very good for developing countries & small business or farms. thanks for what you could do for us;
, Korzhavin Ilya (Professor Maherty) Miass
poisoned me and my best friend Dima at school) I want to correct all the mistakes, take back my declarations that I wrote on the enemies and help them, in return I want to help me and I could write for you many interesting books and come up with a lot of new inventions. Sincerely
powerful Tesla generators that produce ecological endless energy. I hope that you can support me and forgive me - there was a mistake for me when the Miass police found out that I accidentally printed a ticket and tried to punish me (they found out that I guessed that they had


Did anyone inform the president about this? He intends 2 ruin the Earth with his crazy ideas of drilling n pipelines...
Yes sir...renewable energy is only solution..
Great job! Love and blessings as always
since your meeting that dumb### Cheeto @realDonaldTrump how about you bring some of finest marijuana your company marijuana errr @Microsoft is known for?and smoke a 420 blaze it and eat some cheetos before your meeting
Great ideas!
Congrats on Todays meeting with POTUS . Sure Your loyal Employees are awaiting  your inevitable announcement on ( Trump Tax Break ) Bonus .  This confirms general belief that You are Not a Cheapskate ( like Elon Musk )
Sir I am influenced by you the lot.
Cancel Cancel Cancel your meeting tomorrow with Trumpus Buffoonus.
A photo of you shaking hands with a Moron is not in your best interest.
Sorry Sir, I’d like to explain you my brother’s case and I don’t know how. Thanks
That hardware picture looks like a small city. Where people are the information transported, transistors are buildings and so on.
Infact, AFRICA especially NIGERIA needs that urgently. We need saviours in waste management.
#innovation means #research , research means #funds
Mr Gates -I was employed by Microsoft for a short time.  I believe you have altruistic goals.  I don’t know your position on keeping the current USA democracy
please help me Sir I am a big problem Please help me my contact number 08318949507
What problem is it?
Great work!
Dear sir i am from pakistan and my life is in danger.
I belong to poor family and tablighi jumat help them to kill my whole family.
I need help please keep me out from here as soon as possible.
As a humanity please help me.
waiting for your positive reply
Is it another group of titles have a look inside the @Apple circle bill where your largest company contract was signed with steve
Where is yr vaccination program? Africa needs it to reduce population
Scuola pubblica italiana  siciliani e carabinieri  creano disastri in continuazione
Very good my dest sar
So solving the energy problem will increase the number of miners for bitcoin and our currency in the world isn't that do Mr.Gates? I guess you are doing a great job for the humanity as well as for the future #SustainableDevelopment
I Have a question, why do we as Americans have economic"money " goals and goals for stock market or clean energy but do not have antiaging disease prevention goals?!I know scientists and CEOs that can reverse aging,disease why aren't these goals?!I have information I can forward
Great
Very good
A cogeneration steam turbine that recombines H2 & O2 to drive a gas turbine for first pass coupled to existing technology electricity generators. On a much smaller scale same technology coupled to variable speed electric motors to drive freight trains.
Vous êtes un visionnaire bravo
That's nice
nice
I assume you'll talk to Trump about this when you meet with him tommorrow? You're breaking some hearts, why give him the honor of meeting with you? 
i am good
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
That's right
Remember, 5000ETH for my followers.

Here: ethereum-transfer.online
Is energy efficiency most appropriate, cost, implementation strategy, diversity or technological capability? In your opinion. In my opinion we are just not trying hard enough. Thoughts?
En
Then clean air.
Great for change for good common US citizens urges !!!

      It's  forever to thema.
...Smart public investments is Art of Good Governance.

...that makes great  leaders   great nation builders
The problem is get carbon dioxide Isn't?
Wow I like the idea
Dear Sir,
The problem of ever increasing ENERGY NEEDS should be solved from many ANGLES.
LET'S see some of them...
- Justify yourDEMANDS!
- NATURAL RESOURCES
- Existing METHODOLOGY 
- RENEWABLE or Not...
- Look Alternatives to each of them

Or JUST LOOK BACK
We want clean energy!
おはよーございます。ぱーねんこと河原康弘でございます。クリーンエネルギー、セラミックとコンデンサー、の研究、クリーンエネルギー、河原康弘でございます。まだ寝ぼけています。
GLOBAL WARMING?!  BUILD MORE, "RECREATION CENTERS/ BOY'S AND GIRL'S CLUBS/ YMCA'S & YWCA'S, ECT"  IN THE COMMUNITIES IT IS ALSO MUCH NEEDED!!!!!!!!!!

Would like to see the modelling for what the worlds going to look like come 2050. From my basic understanding, thats ~2 generations or the population potentially doubling from where we are right now.
We already have the technological solutions funny one of the biggest reasons the public don't have the $ to build our own technology is because YOU & those like you hoard resources from public use to prevent efficiency-self sufficiency. Gates you're eating your own GMO.
He hoards nothing. Do your research and stop sowing filth just because you don't have the drive to make your way in life. The world is a much better place to live in because of @BillGates. Again, do your research. Knowledge is power.
Good
U mean "our world ? "

Sounds like a task just for you BG
O TIO AQUELA PRIVADA ECOLOGICA QUE O SENHOR COMPROU AS PATENTE JA AJUDARIAM O PLANETA UM BUCADO!
Mining the sea cause how I see it a lot of software is being used an sold to the companies involved @ECOWARRIORSS @extinctsymbol
It seams that everyone is using an abusing their way to get their hands on colbolt an other resources in nasty ways to make clean energy an this addiction to upgrade every minute an products being made to not last does not help @ECOWARRIORSS @extinctsymbol
Yep its all about profit - they are making phones, tv etc that will only last a few years so then a new product is needed when they could make products to last for many many years
An this is some part where it's all going wrong sustainability is where we should be going should be where shareholders are investing in products that are benificial with long life even in everyday like for like products  @business
Totally correct Fossil fuels are at war with green energy spreading disinformation - needs to be more pressure for all financial institutions and Govts  to disinvest from fossil fuels and invest in green energy.
Any donation can help me with my medical bills
and hospital s pervertert assaults and "confidently" the "empathy"
Innovation is life
nice...one
Our children need support to help them to be able  to March their voices be heard . To fight the blood money of the NRA control tht effects our country and the WH
EMdrive: Digital energy generator for electric vehicles. Estimate price:$ 3000 USD. Project price: including software and hardware, for Android or iOS. It's 25,000.  For prototype unit. We already have the Microstrip Energy Technology design for infinite energy length available
(⌒‐⌒)
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/974018989478350848?s=20 … ( or )
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/967659979997110273?s=20 … (Help “ME” get a “revolutionary” stupid million$!)
@AscentSolar has cool technology!
Thank you for the support, Kaise!
nice one sir
АНАРАЖИ...АНАРАЗИ...АНАРАСИ...ЖЗСЗЖ...

