Thank you for the visit.
We look forward to seeing you again.
Nigeria is a great country
Nigeria is no longer a great country, Nigeria is shafts. A country where the ruling government arrange adoption of school girls and the release of the girls for selfish reasons. The country is finished
Nigeria is a great country regardless of the present circumstances. Nigeria isn't finished. Nigeria is you. Nigeria is me. we have a lot of bad leadership, tons of things not working correctly, but Nigeria is great. better believe that.
God bless you Iyke. We understand the power of the tongue when speaking about ourselves but always cursing our dear country then wonder why things stay the same.

Good people, great nation, up Naija!!!
which great people?  it's this self deceit that got us to where we are today. it's a very backward country at the moment, recognise that and maybe we can be great one day in the distant future.  for now? it's a useless country.
i promise you, this isn't remotely about denial of actual facts. we all see the state of the country; the major difference is that some of us refuse to give up on Nigeria. 

we will build our country whether you choose to help or not. stop living in the problem, be a solution.
Can we all please stop living in a fantasy world and wake up to reality. Listen time is short and whatever needs to be done has to be done. Fact is our Belove Nation is a mess and we the youths are the Remedy we are the answer we are the future! So let's get to work. ASAP!!!
see! the replies have been depressing. people still falling for the same scam our parents fell for. the had a motto " e go better" were saying the same. when we should all come together, dropping our religion and ethnicity, unite and speak with one voice. sigh.
Thanks Bill for coming and for speaking frankly to our leaders. Your commitment to better healthcare and human capacity building is much appreciated.
What have achieved with the excess sir?
Yes, Bill Gate, I know for sure is not like the kind of person you are thinking. Just think about it. He spent his own money to eradicate polio diseases in Nigeria, India and many more. How many rich Nigerian are willing to do so. Gate wasn’t born in Africa but he help us.
Your noise about these 500k Kenya women as forced me to truly google what you are really talking about. 
I did & got a report about how a Catholic church & Odinga have been screaming about a certain #TetanusVaccines given to women & young girls. 
My findings are that; /1
Hey Bill, 
Just say the honest truth on here. Nigeria has no future and you can clearly see it.
But I can understand the sugarcoating. 
Thanks.
uncle, irrespective of all the things wrong with this country, from bad leadership to lazy People, Nigeria has a future. it's folks that don't believe that truth that would say trash and not do anything to improve the country's condition. we will fix this country.
You are mad,who is lazy the people or you?
Nigeria great Muslim country
Clean your mouth,and rephrase this stinking comment.
Well... he's saying the truth
Nigeria isn't Muslim country.  We have the ATR (Africa traditional religion) 30%, Christians 35%,Muslim 35%. I believe we shouldn't bring religion in our talk. Let's think on how to make Nigeria great.
Your also welcome for my wedding in Uganda!
i'd come 
Eh Sir,can u please buy this country..so that you can start it all over again bcuz everything about this country have taya me,am done
True ooo
is this the guy on my spam emails?
You’re too broke to be scammed
Drag him!
From your discussion you didn't discover how clueless the president is?

I am excited you sounded the real truth to their ears...
Same thing some Nigerians have been saying over the last 2 years
#bringbackourgirls @mbuhari @ProfOsinbajo we must not forget the Chibok girls!
I hope he hasn't sold Nigeria to you, this one he's smiling and touching his hands
Sir bill, Please, if you are going to give Nigeria money, don’t give it to the government to help us invest. 

All you have to do is pick a location, we will line up to collect our money. Please sir, please.
This is the best comment of the century, Nigerian girls should kiss you for this... An award should follow...
God bless you Bill @BillGates I hope to become so wealthy and powerful someday to be able to influence lives just like your bid to eradicate polio and malaria.

You are appreciated
You're sensible...
Thanks bro
 yes sir
Please don't give them the money o, because if you do, it is story that we will start hearing o.
Elephants and tiger eating money warming up 
Can you visit morocco mister Bill?
Morocco ? You have to write a letter through GCFR Nigeria  before your request can be deliberated on.
In agreement! Human capital both in and outside of the country is still untapped. In fact some of the best minds in the field of Technology in the city of London are Nigerians.
While you were talking to this guy , how many times did the electricity power go off ??
Lol. Can’t go off where ever they sat to talk
Dear Bill,

I wont try to save face nor sound politically correct by telling you how great we, Nigeria, are doing.

You came, you saw it all & it's clear the teeming young people of the country face a bleak future with the present leaders.

THREAD.
Help Nigerian youths Dear Bill. They're smart and hardworking and whatever investment you make will pay big time.

Thank you.
Just give me 2 thousand dollars out of it.
3/ I will rather advice you use your NGOs if available in Nigeria 2help build Nigerians so we both (Gates & Nigerians) can achieve the development we all hoped for. 
But to leave such dreams in the hands of Nigeria Rulers isn't only SUICIDAL but hopeless & futuristically futile
Yes grow people, thats the best investment.
Fabulous and fantastic negotiation as well as good plan for the development of our country 
Negotiation?what did they negotiate?
I am flattered. ..but it goes beyond discussing Nigeria and its increasing problems, how would your plans work?
His plans can't work no matter how he tried.
They obviously won't allow it work...we have terrible leaders that careless about the well being of their citizenry
That's just the absolute truth
Selfishness has eaten up our virtue and value as a people... nothing is working in this country
Nothing can work in this country again even if you like die for the country, things would still remain the same. We the citizens of the country not helping matters too and we have been f**ked for life
On #bbnaija today, only Anto opened her envelope correctly, the 10 other HMs tore there's. That tells you our mentality as a people. #uhmmmm
That's true. I noticed how others opened theirs but didn't put mind and that equally means we Nigerians born in the country orientation has been dashed from birth
Another currency to be killed another city to be polluted ???
Hi Bill and thank you for Windows!
Leaders who do not know that a country’s greatest resource is the people, are hardly leaders.
Just say buhari's government, nobody is going to beat u...
@W3bb0 nigerian prince
what

­
­
delete this
Investing in the Nigerian people especially the youth, should not only be on the pages of the newspaper but the present government should ensure it gets to very grassroot.
#Fund5000YouWiNners
#Fund5000YouWiNconnectwinners
Don't waste your resources on Nigeria.
Your resources won't get to the intended people. It'll only end in the office it was brought.
Keyword:
It's People!
Thank you for at least trying to talk some sense into them. “Let’s pray it works”
Thanks Bill for telling them the truth. A look into our nation budget will tell how hopeless the situation is. 80% of it goes to paper works n travels.
He won't listen to ur advice,a very Stubborn And Arrogant President
But did he agree?
Did He understand what He was saying?
Bill, ask him if he saw Black Panther.
To discus? Those people no hear you oh?
 I am sure they will at some point
How? With which ears? In their defense they're surrounded by ill advisers
Just see as Buhari is smiling.. if you invest in Nigeria now trust me it will go in as election money for this government. Pls just wait till next year.. we are patient enough.. God bless you
So this is where Don King's been hanging out ...
Sighh 
It's a political statement na
Thank you @BillGates for the visit, we hope this visit will help shape few things in the country, Nigeria is still great, and with us being sincere to ourselves and more zealous in doing things right, we will surely attain a greater height. Let's invest in people...
Well, as a Nigerian, I'm excited you visited my country, but not happy you met the leaders, while not having a chat with the people that matters. 
Your openness & dream for a new Nigeria is great & hopeful. But d saddest thing is that the PLAYERS don't see it your way. /1
This is so inspiring 
Sir! I appreciate your concern for the progress of Nigeria but I assure you, President Muhammadu Buhari doesn’t care about the people. He doesn’t care about improving Human Resources in Nigeria.
We hope our president listen to your advice
Wanna hear the TRUTH @BillGates ... Y'all might have agreed but I assure you nothing is gonna be done.
There's nothing like FURTHER INVESTMENTS, cos there's never been any investment in its people instead they invest in their families, snakes and monkeys
Oh, don't forget the debts, Nigeria is drowning in debt. And watch closely what happens to the grants you'll be sending that way.
this was beautiful,  I saw the update  in a friend's  post  on facebook,  may the visit be fruitful indeed
You saw how the ruling elites are enjoying themselves , BIll? You saw the wastage , didn't you? You saw the crony capitalists that were created by the state, didn't you ? Please help us keep speaking truth to power.They are lost and have no sense of urgency. They need redemption.
@BillGates @MBuhari @ProfOsinbajo ... This is lovely coming from the richest man in the world
Jeff Bezos is actually the richest man in the world if I am not mistaken. More grease to all their elbows though .
And your (first) (over the top) #Nigeria wedding experience? 
Very sad to learn that the Nigerian government failed the young women who were abducted by Boko Haram,these girls were sexually assaulted some believed to have been killed.The country that has a big voice in ECOWAS with its mighty army failed to protect the girls,very bad.
Wee u keep kwayet
Sir, In less than 5days, Health Sector in Nigeria will be grounded and our leaders are doing nothing to stop it  because they careless about your advice @Nursingworld_Ng @Omojuwa @ogundamisi @toluogunlesi @realFFK
Without disputes, there can't be strike. States health workers be warned!!! NO WORK NO PAY policy can be activated by State and Federal Government @nursingcrusader @elrufai @MBuhari @ProfOsinbajo @Nursingworld_Ng @Omojuwa @ogundamisi @toluogunlesi @GovUmarGanduje  @IsaacFAdewole
Yes no work no pay,  Just as no pay no work. 
Government has failed in their part to implement what they signed. They gave 5weeks and now it is 6months. 
Saying no work no pay is pure blackmail. @nursesonair @Nursingworld_Ng @tvcnewsng @Fmohnigeria @MBuhari @IsaacFAdewole
JOHESU Agreement is with Federal Government not states. sadanmori @Nursingworld_Ng @nursingcrusader @MBuhari @ProfOsinbajo @Omojuwa @ogundamisi @toluogunlesi @elrufai @GovUmarGanduje @IsaacFAdewoleYes @nursesonair @Nursingworld_Ng @tvcnewsng @Fmohnigeria @MBuhari @IsaacFAdewole
Why are you copying our opponents. They are the reasons for our strike action and now preempting them. Why?
I hope so And i prayed so.
it won't be funny
Baba don't go please, just come and buy the country because they will not hear word
I mentioned @AlikoDangote and @BillGates in my book as great achievers the youths should look uphold in shaping their future. I’ll appreciate your retweet’s until it’s her to them. Thanks.
You didn't visit the people Nigeria..you visited there Nigeria......pls do and u won't be excited..
A regime that delights in killing its people has no interest in developing its people
So true human resources is the best investment
Yes Bill! Nigeria is Great Country who's Citizens are creative, Innovative and very Hard Working...
With Great People Like You Sky is our Starting point.
We Believe You Can.
Thank you @BillGates Only that the men in charge that you met and discoursed with has resorted to criticising you rather than taking your advise to implement it. Please pray for us and help in anyway you can to effect a change in our leadership, PEOPLE are suffering... God bless
How about investing in this couple. They are people too.
He has a guilty look like he’s secretly thinking of a Windows 95 joke
Isn't this a job of Donald Trump or Businessmen like Soros & Gates are out here running Africa like their pigsty? Take Colonialism away with you, you can buy it back and leave African resources to its people.
Thanks for your time Mr Bill. And weldone to you both for recognizing our teeming population as the greatest sector to invest in. Hope we see that in near future. Our government needs to focus more on human development and education is the heart of human development.
Kudos on your philanthropy and visionary leadership. 
Nigeria is more excited with you. For the support and help you are given to her and Africa at large. If our rich men will emulate you them Nigeria Will never be poor. GOD bless you sir.
Well said Sir
And d #Youths #Educational sector mustn't be left behind #as #well
Did you manage to ask him why theres lots and lots of nigerians without ID that keeps coming with boats from lybia to italy? Dont they got fuc**ng airplanes in Nigeria? Stop invading my country.
Lol... More trooping in, many just even crossed the boarder.... Treat them well buddy
Most of them are in jail right now so i dont think they are having a blast.
you are welcomed in Tanzania...
we wish you could have invested in our country.. u are welcome
True! Development comes from people! Money is not the end!
You are an amazing man Mr. Gates. A great role model.
Sir please help us 
Hahahahaha
Your efforts are sincerely appreciated, dear Mr. Gates. Maybe the leaders will take this more seriously, coming from you; but #Nigerians have been saying it for decades! That's why our country has always been one with a "bright future". We can't wait any longer. #BrightnessNOW
Sir, you think so much for the country.
USA lost Africa not long ago, the s**thole comment was the last straw. Your country really needs you to be the good oil and goodwill ambassador.
May the force be with you
Exactly what this country needs someone who is truly interested in the countries development.
I grew up in that country, lived there 29 years, smart people.
Sir do also visit pakistan
@BillGates  @MBuhari , @ProfOsinbajo The bitter truth in Economics is to invest in Human Development . When a country develops her human capacity it makes the nation has Economic Growth & Development. All this growth we are having today is something else. Do the right thing.
Don’t give any money   to Nigeria  government. They are Criminals
Pls sir look for a area Nigeria can grow and invest by yourself , don’t give the money to nigerian government cuz they will embezzle it and act like nothing happened , the money you adequately allocate on health is not properly spent ..thanks in advance
I pray for it to happen! Not another empty promise
Our problem in Nigeria is that we we have elected Hyenas to take care 
of the Goats. Our leaders do not care about the suffering of the masses. They are only busy looting our collective national resources for their re-election, meanwhile they claim to be fighting corruprion
@Kaizerlord @MBuhari @ProfOsinbajo In the Availability of the Nigerian Youths is her True Development and Forwardness.Youths Now
Building infrastructure means you are keen about our development and not looking for a breeding ground for nextgen code monkeys, for export.
Technology and knowledge transfer can happen seamlessly betw us and you, but first the infrastructure should be there and be complementary
If power supply can be fixed, Nigerian youths will be liberated, and we would not need you to have close doors with our leaders.
A computer programmer not end to but fuel to work on his own projects, coding, testing and he runs broke before he could launch.
The people needs investing on yes, but if their is dearth of infrastructure to support the investment, the vicious cycle will spin again.
Hi
Dear Mr Gates thank you for coming to Nigeria .Only wish you could have come to the real Nigeria !!!
Please we are tired of this country
Just don't agree anything they say about change.
Let our president sy baba listen to bill gate ooooh
Good job Mr gates
I hope you enjoyed your visit 
How thoughtful
While you are there Mr Gates can you ask MR Buhari of the 47 Southern Cameroonians most of them refugees that were abducted at gun punt more than 2months ago and were forcefully sent back to Cameroon to be turtued and maybe killed by dictator Biya.kindly ask him their were about
Oga Gates, I just want to inform you that they there is no further investment. In fact, there is no investment. All we do is struggle and all they do is benefit from our struggle.
We are tired. I AM TIRED. 
The development should be for all Nigerians not only the western  and northern Nigerians
This thing bill gates said will Kuku enter one ear of our leaders and come out of the other ear. They don't care about us
You Were In Nigeria And Didn't Check On Me? Na Wa For You o
Great Sir, and thanks for the “tough talk”

Ogbeni, on anoda matter how you like that famil wedding?
Thank you @BillGates another thing is for our leaders to take all you said.
thank you so much.
Mr. Bill Gates our numerous problems as a nation is all about structures and system and not just a out human leadership and resources management. We were all a working nation from 1960 to 1966 before the military boys intruded and forcefully took over power& automatically nailed
Totally agree the principal asset of one company or country are: Their people. Very few companies recognize that.
Not until we collectively as a nation and a people decided to redress our steps back to where our founding father's stopped& reconnects with their national visions& wisdom. We must put a total stop to this endless vicious circle of backward leadership& leaders. Let's fix Nigeria
By electing you as the President..lol.. No way Mr change the changer
Nigeria as a country is far bigger than any candidate, aspirants, individual or group. The warfare and wellbeing of Nigerians matter to @Atiku more than the presidency or becoming the President of Nigeria. @Atiku becoming the President of Nigeria is not a do or die affairs, but
My dear is welfare not warfare, try going back to school and finish up your studies!!!....  Nigerians will no more elect illiterate people as our president again!!!!......  Say A Big No To Illiteracy  @atiku
Mr Gates, 
If you do any business or development financing with that man @MBuhari it will be a stupid mistake from Microsoft,we know u are richer! Even the money from our resources can set up Nigeria to the stardards, we are not poor Sir, but that man is a Criminal and a Tyrant
I'm very sure you av been saying this from the time of OBJ. Every leader is a criminal n a tyrant if he/she is not giving the people what they deserve but we can't blame @MBuhari here he can't do the work himself let look into the people surrounding him
Saying it from the time of OBJ? Hell no! @MBuhari is just a sad religious fanatic who is blinded by hate
When @MBuhari became president He met no money In the country reserve. The country was in recession he worked day and night despite is health condition @MBuhari not the one we should be blaming he can't do it all. Let's looking into the Senate's has well
...maintaining it were the people you met during your visit to Nigeria...The political leaders. They are afraid of change and change is inevitable.
I appreciate Bill Gates "face facts " shot at Nigeria Political Leaders with his emphasis on investing greatly in Nigeria educational system and human resources...the youths. Dear Mr Bill Gates, you know that political structure is the pivot point on which other structure rotates
Wen last did u rmbr ur country in prayer as a gud citizen yet we keep criticizing d govt let's change our thnkng n help Nigeria 2 grow again
Please sir , if there is any money related matter to make your boys smile don't give any government to help us invest. We can easily line up in any state of your choice to collect the money ourselves. Please sir please. 
thanks for d visit hope to see u again
Bill Gate 
Abeq come pick me for this Nigeria make I Dey wash your bottom
For really but we missed your visit in Uganda
Besides natural resources, Nigeria is blessed with a resilient, positive minded people, intelligent young minds who would thrive under most dire situations. We create ideas and innovations that can change the world. But the unfortunate thing is that we don't believe in ourselves.
It is good to have you in our country sir.  I just wish we will have someone like you in our country. Just one. Well done  #Gates.
Thanks for coming and your outstanding contributions where generated a lot of controversy.
Nigeria is a great country because you and I constitute Nigeria. Regardless Sir, we appreciate your visit.
Sir Bill, Nigerians need adoption. Come and adopt us.
until the youths take over leadership, Nigeria will remain stagnant... All I think u @BillGates  should do is to assist the youth to save Nigeria from these old and unproductive people.
I will continue to say the truth pls whenever you want to make a donations to Nigeria  in particular pls call us to line up and collect it because giving this leaders is like throwing away your money  in the ocean . These leaders are so tyrant
Pls help individually sir...
Our government are kinda scam
The leaders are not our problem, we Nigerians are the problem...... Cause we vote them in, and we will continue to. 
Let the youth rule this country for a week, I mean just for 7 days, we will see improvement. 
The only thing our leaders can invest now is Curruption.
Sir please just share free laptops and Data for the youth we can hustle by our self.....
Bill, thanks for who you are; disciplined and hardworking. Please, ignore comments from non-progressive Nigerians. The best way to help Nigeria is through direct intervention e.g. through your foundation and target agriculture and capital projects. Thanks.
How many times and for how long would development goals be discussed and action be taken?? Nigeria's future is bright like all African countries the problem is with the elected leaders..how Democratic and public oriented are they???
Please if is to give this country money don't do so... Please hold your money...this  country need discipline... "A child that they always give money don't know how hard it is to get it "... #billgate
Sir they did not agree with you, they instead sent their social media attack dogs to discredit your advise, but of course it failed cause that's the only thing they achieve with ease, "failure"
I doubt they understood or cared about a word you said.
please don't give your investment to those thieves ooo they will put us inside more trouble
@BillGates I hope u ate naija jellof rice?
Samira is now a Nigerian... Hurray!
Please come Ghana some err
I hope @GovAyoFayose ,@OfficialPDPNig and all the haters who tot Mr Gates rubbished @APCNigeria Guvment policy realised how blind Dr r...
Thanks for the concern of the people, we hope you continue to visit more Africa countries
that's wonderful
Nigeria is a very great country just that we lack good leaders
Hi Bill,
Thanks for being very honest and outspoken about the solution to Nigeria's problem. You spoke for about 180m people. Your visit this year has gone down the history books as a very memorable one
#InvestInThePeople
good to hear from you. Hope the plan will no felt
good one
They know this already. They are only avoiding this obvious route  because they don't want to lead people who can question their decisions.
Thanks, Bill, for weighing in on Nigeria's development goals and specifically acknowledging "the people" to be the country's greatest resource. I hope our leaders acknowledge this too, especially the younger generation.
Thank you for speaking to the 'powers'
It's only uninformed mind or sycophants that will see d gross under investment in Nigerian people and not decry
Despite ur effort 
I see malnourished babies daily and am not in IDP
IGNORANCE, POVERTY AND DISEASE HAV SWORN 2SUFFOCATE U5 bt 4u
Hi
Human capital is the greatest resource of all times.
Happy to see you sir
I'm happy you spoke to this clueless ruler's, but I'm certain your words wasn't soaked in them.they're more excited of your presence,#empty brains
i invite you to visit Pakistan
Nigeria sure need development 
thank you for visiting our great country nigeria is a great country we expected to see you in our great country God  will bless you for your visitation I believe that You visiting will bring good for us
What Bill Gates said diplomatically about "human capital development", Chief Obafemi Awolowo had worked out since 1955 with his free education programme. Why is @elrufai belly aching? @opeyemiagbaje @abati1990. Bill Gates is right. Our bulging illitetate population is dangerous.
You that lowkey came for wedding 
That’s awesome Sir.  You are a role model of purpose.
@BillGates Thanks for telling our leaders the truth Sir.
Nyc thinking sir...
Thanks for coming.
our progressive movement on a coffin of retrogressive movement, destroyed our collective heritage, national values& patronage. Our vision as a nation & the vision of our founding father's with a clear roadmap to greatness was fully subverted by D ill educated young military boys.
The primary concern of @MBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo is further investment in Presidency and National Assemblies and not the people. @MBuhari would rather access foreign health services than investing in our local hospital.
We truly appreciate your interest in the development of Nigeria and for the support you have given to our great Nation in the past;  we say a very big Thank You Bill.
Agreed ... that's all they'll do. Agree. They still won't or can't do NADA . You visited the most clueless admin in the nation's history sir Gates 
Help us bill we really need help in our country
Hello Bill the thieving politician never believed that the people as the resources but oil, starting from the president down to the local government chairman, reason why they loot our resources and why they continue chant one Nigeria at the expense of human blood
Help us tell Muhammad Buhari to give youth employment that he promised
He promised us 3millions job every years he hasn't give 200k job since last 3years very very unfair
@MBuhari  sign Nigeria Peace Corps Bill
Nigeria is truly great 
Thanks for the visit
I wanted calling u to my house for a dinner but unfortunately i traveled
'we agreed' or 'I agreed'..? Are you sure they agreed with you?

Try and make sure it's not only you that agreeded oo.. 
God bless you for not giving up on my country, I hope the country will take your words as utmost priority to invest in youths for the sustainable development of this great nation.
Our Nigerian government are too corrupt. There is massive inflation and they are using military to Abuse operations and critics @BillGates
Thank you
@BillGates you didn't bother speaking directly to the youths of the country. Please arrange for that, if you really wanna hear the truth 
This is awesome, thanks for coming @BillGates
Succinctly put @BillGates "investment in it's people" over 200million people. @Adeyemi1684
Good morning bill gates.
Good morning sir
Very good sir Bill Gates how ar you sir Bill Gates sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me i reqst many people but no one help me
We are a great country with great people, but with imbecilic and myopic leaders. We really have great achievers, but have terrible leaders, starting with the one standing with you in your picture. Selfish leaders working for there pockets and representing there families.
Great philanthropy with you money but not with Code tax deduction against national good common treasure us

Fela Kuti is the one true president 
Thank you for being frank with the leaders!
I'm not sure they agreed with you. But oh well what do I know.
It's  wonderful. 
Nice comments on Nigerians led PMB
Please stop wasting your money on Nigeria. There are places that need it more. You can waste it sha if you like since you have too much. Don’t say you were not told.
Very nice though.
The Buhari and Osinbajo you met are dafts, they will never do anything good, they have allowed out economy to crumble under their watch and makes our sufferings excruciating, they are surrounded with mediocres and sycophants , Nigeria is doomed with them.
Oh snap. Looks like Bill responded to an email from a Nigerian prince and it turned out to be completely legit. 
Great visit sir
Yes we agree! Like what @scholarxEdu is working on! We need your support!
@Afrogains
Love you Bill!
Thanks Mr Gates. But, you would have rather come to the rescue of the poor ones also.
Legendary !!!!
Lobatan!
Excelente noticia, grande Bill 
 maravilloso!!!
Great man! Best Regards

Wonderful!
Nigeria great peaceful country
