So does this mean you're patenting mosquito netting?
I think Bill Gates gives away tons of mosquito nets.
Why does he have tons of them?
https://www.gatesfoundation.org/What-We-Do/Global-Health/Malaria …
So are you working his PR for him? If so, I hope you're being paid well.
What an awesome speech!
And I shudder to think what kind of resistant mosquitos Monsanto chemicals are mutating as you tweet this.
C'mon.. That's unfair to sharks. Mosquitos probably outnumber sharks 100 million to one... People accessible to mosquitos outnumber people accessible to sharks similarly..! But yes, say no to stagnant water.
And DDT is still banned...
Monsanto made DDT & Agent Orange and own the GMO seeds for corn, oats alfalfa, soybeans, zucchini, squash & lots more produce. GMOs are BAD for society. We are eating Glyphosate without knowing it. Cereals & processed foods are full of Round Up (Glyphosate) & it's an insecticide!
Bill Gates reportedly owns 5000,000 shares of Monsanto.

He is releasing his genetically modified mosquitoes to spread their genetically modified traits, ...without adequate testing.
Does #BillGates make money off of this Pandemic by selling his vaccines and producing disease infested mosquitos that may be the root cause of the diseases he warns about? After all, he is a strong advocate of #depopulation! #Agenda21 #Agenda2030
yes mosquitoes kill but let's help vulnerable people
What about racism?
Why？
Who created the mosquitoes, and for what
Do yoi believe that there is a God.
Ok, but.... #LegalizeIt
That's obvious, isn't it?
How
Tts so interesting sir
lovin it
Yes sir, but education still low to some countries like ,African countries and means of infrastructure especially to the geographical location where people do live, for example  sewage systems, which are seen to be most influential to the failure of these campaigns @BillGates
Gin cures malaria. Look it up
Is it not the quinine in the tonic that combats malaria?
That's right. Gin actually cures gout.

But who's counting?
Interesting but to be fair the mozzies are just the vector for the organism that actually kills.
Scary... It's why I don't leave home without @incognitoUK
I wonder if you are aware that incognito spray & roll-on  are clinically proven to protect against malaria when used in conjunction with an impregnated net, Bill?!
@incognitoUK @HelpingBees @BillGates
Just be thankful that there aren't as many sharks! Otherwise you could walk across the ocean on their backs!
Why is it cool to eradicate insects but not other animals?
Thanks to no DDT
Other mind-blowing facts: 
Bill Gates took over funding the Zika vaccine. Bill Gates funded the spreading of the Zika virus. Bill Gates withheld release of Zika vaccine. Bill Gates admittedly supports Global depopulation (something that a worldwide pandemic would help with)
Right sir I agree with you comments
Mosquitoes have inhabbited
Earth for over 100 Million years

& been around longer than Humanity. They also play
a vital role in Ecosystems
around thy World

Thousands of Species of Birds, Bat, Fish & Insects depend on them as a food source...

#Mosquitoes
....hanging up roof of my old mosquitoes net are two visible mosquitoes fighters digesting my sacked blood.
I and my family have nothing to do about it. We are the routine meals to mosquitoes, we sleep with them. I and my family alway thinking of way out of it, but in vain. We proposed "Duenken Co. LTD" to help fight back mosquitoes, but failed short financially. please help!
Some of us are very allergic to the mini monsters. I’ve discovered #MosquitoDunks to keep the larvae at bay.

Help gates !!!.
I agree there are too many mosquitoes
Most especially in west Africa

Szia Bill hogy vagy
#Mindblow
Yeah if you talk about #india there’s many people suffer and found no Hospitality but much better in #BeautifulPakistan 
Lógico ilustre,pedimos mais apoio aqui em Moçambique muita gente morre por malária.
it's 
Empty land plus plant and sharing of knowledge could help the problem...
What about the number of animals humans kill per second...
That's thanks to the ban DT.  Not science.
Yes, but they don't bring in the big TV ratings, had to make Halloween costumes and one-on-one with humans are relatively easy to kill,,,
the killer the virus  not the mosquitoes . 
It not fear.
true
I know because there’s a lot more mosquitoes than sharks :)
Mi telefono 605593803 please call me
Help me bill gates
Thats why we should allow @Oxitec / http://Oxitec.com  to help globally with this serious problem. With your support, it can happen quickly
Damn mosquitoes
@BillGates
Errr not mind blowing at all. Not even close.
Bill Gates is part of a modern day #Jeckyllsland agenda to control population, extract your #DNADay18 #dna and profit all the while! These Satanists think they are immortal and will use your lives to live forever. #boycottbillgates #nwo #epicyte #dupont #monsanto #vacines #aids
Let's get a perspective, by a mosquito-comparison as to why history is always repeating itself? History rejecting the fact bite.
I wonder if Malaria would've been eradicated by now if it still impacted the U.S. or other G20 nations.
Dear sir , our indian reporter @sudhirchaudhary done this fact on his program @dna since long
That's why we should use crispr to EXTERMINATE them!!!
is true  un Sénégal many cas are detected  per years. How do you can help US.
Good look
And the news is fixated on “ladies of the night” peeing on each other in Russia. Crazy world...this is!
That also nearly 4X the number of earthquake deaths in California in the last 100 years.
Hello sir
It really shouldn't be surprising, shark attacks aren't a common occurrence and mosquitos are absolutely everywhere.
Of course !  Most of parasitic diseases are from the mosquitoes!
Will you indeed be to me as a mosquitos, as shark kill that fail ?
@Dee_shark  But that can be prevented. You guys need to do more to prevent those mosquitoes from killing us here in Africa.
Its true Sir!We have been succesful in reducing the mosquito population by trapping the female mosquitoes with a device and Ayurvedic Liquid commercially launched.But Long way to go to eradicate the menace...
Also you should pay taxes on your wealth.
Now i hate them more
Haha U come to India. We kill more mosquitoes than we have poplulation in India.
Ok, but the visiual effect  is some what less ... :)
I think we are not dealing with this problem rightly; instead of killing the mosquitoes, I think we should immunise ourselves from the plasmodium itself or if the mosquitoes could be freed from the plasmodium then we wouldn't have this malaria epidemic.
When my funds are transfered?  Please transfer today or now to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, my phone : +6287727310455, urgent,please no delay, thanks
One comes to your home to kill you because you failed to keep our surroundings clean and neat. You go to other's home to get killed. There is a difference.
How about people killed by human?
even the cows kill more people than sharks.
If we hold hatred in our heart, it will germinate over time.
If we nurture love in our heart, we will become compassionate over time.
Wow we should do something about this quickly
Hello bill if I ever could go back to CTI college or give advice is to do office right at the beginning or just that and iad in office. But in 2003 windows xp wasn't on learners PCs and there was only one PC to practice redhat Linux and it ain't free to download maybe an app nice
OK the only module at CTI if it still exist is PLC worth doing course because it teaches you binary hexadecimals and flowcharts for system design and I think whoever passes PLC deserves a prize because that's the hardest module I didn't pass but I tried my best
That's because we don't live with sharks in our houses! Does that blow your mind?
Ava good weekend anyway
Wow.
Certainly makes you take a moment and consider your perception of reality.  Also, mosquitoes are a huge danger.
mosquito has been a regular neighbour in my country Nigeria. No meaningful intervention here. Thanks to foreign donors
Scientific education! Message.. look for the data.
How many beaches are shark infested?
Your help to those affected will be a welcome gesture sir

Sing it Bill Gates!!!!

Did you Bing it or Google it?!
This is a logic
But the majority of those stung by a mosquito will live. Whereas the majority bit by a shark will die.
That means even though shark bites are more fatal, they *still* don't kill as many people as mosquitoes. Sharks as a group are not dangerous, almost all shark injuries are from a handful of species.
That was never questioned. It is a fact. I believe the reason to point out the fact is bc people are terrified of sharks ... not mosquitos
Oh god
The real fact is 
Mosquitoes live on earth with people and Sharks also live on earth but in the sea....
And there are No places to live for people..
@BillGates 
Its #MMB
And your point is?  What do you have against mosquitoes, Billy?  Did you know that mosquitoes are a very important part of the food chain?  I wouldn't touch em, but lots of fish and birds think they're tasty.
Thank you! Now, about those laser beams I’ve been asking @Xbox for...
Thanks @BillGates. Now I don't like sharks or mosquitoes.
well, there is a reason you are called Mr. BILL GATES!
Please add the chart for how people are killed by the guns of “our well regulated militia “ in our country each year
Bill gates. I like the way you think! Thank you for helping and changing people all over the world.
So sad
Why
Though the mosquitoes are still behind people killing people... Over 400K murdered each year....  http://www.unodc.org/unodc/en/press/releases/2014/April/some-437000-people-murdered-worldwide-in-2012-according-to-new-unodc-study.html …
Yikes
u
good
Don’t tell my dad this. He swears he had West Nile. He didn’t. 
Lol 
Great Bill Sir,
I wish atleast once I could see you. Great man! Please come to Bhubaneswar, Odisha. Sir. Your student is waiting for you
Well I didn’t need all that research to confirm that but thx I guess, flies and mosquitoes are worst and they can wipe us out within couple of year.
Its highly unlikely mozzies will cause any sever problem by the time we destroy ourselves.
@HelenTheShark
Be careful @kosta_tsakalis
The devil.
Because you are creating viruses in labs and infecting mosquitoes for depopulation. You are the root cause! #nerdydevil
http://www.terradaily.com/reports/Mosquitoes_reveal_fatal_attraction_999.html …
Hello I am happy I am happy I am fine.
We will also kill more mosquitoes today then we will kill sharks in a century.
Mind-blowing fact indeed but also mind-blowing is Bill&Melinda Gates' foundations support to reseach that will ensure mosquitos don't kill for long!
I’m missing you
Whatever you can do to keep pushing those toxic vaccines billy boy.
Gracias x darnos la tecnologia soy docente de peru y tengo 32 alumnos y m gustaria q nis apoye con tablet para mis alumnos
Vietnamese brother 70810
mosquitoes are so successful than wars. Hope for good mosquitoes in near future,
That is one horrible statistic.  It can be prevented with immunizations correct? If so, how much does it cost per person?
If #sharks could fly numbers would be strongly in sharks favour
I was very surprised!
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/988706281216204800?s=20 …

“Bill’E-G”

 or 
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/988692864723922944?s=20 …

Imagine a squirrel puppet, cartoon, rodent, or CGI thaang.... The name, “Billy G”?

…
Amind-blowing fact...people will kill more people today than mosquitoes & sharks do in a history
社会发展了 蚊子和蟑螂都少很多了
Does this include malaria, zika and whatever else mosquitoes transmit? Don't think so: 1,470 worldwide, really? Seems a gross underestimation  !!!

Yet we fear sharks more than mosquitoes..
why dont we just put them in prison
Wow. Crazy
Hi how are you congratulations islam
U have always been there for the world, continue with the good work.
All life has value and has evolved to serve a purpose. Can you imagine the human population, if nature weren't keeping our irresponsible reproduction rates in check? We can debate control or elimination of pests, once we blunt the blight humans represent.
Surely a mind blowing statistic. Maybe the violence of shark attacks gets them more media attention than mosquito bites.
Sad to say we can avoid to kill by shark. Noy by mosquitos.
I guess my daughter's screams of fear everytime she sees one is legit :X
Exactly#rightthinking
Los tiburones son amigos 
Si que lo son 
@patrick_oshag "2 things you learned" material...
Yes, but there is no Mosquitonato. So unless they can come up with a way to compete against Sharknado the issue won't get the attention it needs. LOL
MalariaShots·com #DomainName for sale. Not expensive. PM #malaria #Domains #MalariaDay #ReadyToBeatMalaria #WorldMalariaDay #WMD #WHO #MIM #RBM #RollBackMalaria #endmalaria .@RollBackMalaria
paper may be of interest, "Evolutionary transition from blood feeding to obligate nonbiting in a mosquito"
Time for a nightly swim in the ocean. 
Yeah, and their are a lot more mosquitoes than sharks!
Humans are expected to kill much more mosquitoes than sharks too... It would be interesting to have the per capita deaths... how many humans is one shark expected to kill vs one mosquito...
Very nice comparison, and good info sir
Indeed, I do prefer to be killed by a mosquito than a shark..eheheh
Let's get those bugs
it's such a worrying statement,the world needs to rise and fight malaria especially in the developing world where measures of controlling mosquitoes is mild.
