Gn
true inspeation to us all. thank you
Good
Simplemente increíble! 
Sir please say for Asifa justice for Asifa.
Gn
Super Minda!
Great
her office number is 
00962795494347
and my turn number is for the payment is 
2343-456-831
Nicely
With all your money can't you please help!!!!

Sorry Jesus Christ will not heal you, only his father that had to sacrifise him due to What Adam did. Their father is 
Jahve or Jehovah
Check it you for yourself?
A lot of churches, priest’s only talk about Jesus- not the one created him - 2. second book of the Bible 3:16
Touched...
Hello PA
I need you in something it's about your friend daughter H.H Sheikh Mohamad 
she promised me with 32k$ and when I contact her Highness charities they held the donation 
please PA Bill Gates talk to them so they send me the MO you can see Inf about my payment from
Thank you very much Mr bill for helping Africa.

A special few are chosen by a higher power to remind the rest of us.
Mr. W. B. Gates. You inspire me and earn a lot of respect for your country.
When my funds are transfered?, please transfer my fund now or today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, urgent
Salute
Bill Gates has no interest in helping fellow Americans with the billions he made here

He'd rather do cheap Virtue Signaling playing the hero to 3rd worlders

-

#MAGA2018 #Trump #Trump2020 #DonaldTrump #PJNET #NRA #ccot #tcot #Hannity #AgentsofSHIELD #BlackPanther #ChiliFest #p2
Why do you try to reduce populations and cause death where you go? You pretend to care for the people you plan to feed upon, Nazi. You are no Jewish. You bring darkness.
D Lord is ur strength
You and Melinda have become expert Surrogate Scientists.
I pray the researchers and scientists of the world will
nominate you for the 2019 Nobel Peace Prize.
Yah dope storyy
@BillGates  help you in an assault octopus ship, montañita ecuador ,Can you help me personally?work for you as an agent , live in calama city chile country, avenida regimiento address # 3355 ,sector of atacama houses ,I have no money and my work forgotten,can you help me please?

Sir iam your biggest fan.....My wish is one day I want to meet you
inspirational !
No words for that's....
Well done Mr Gates just go ahead.Blessings.
[] #6YearWithEXO
Never give up!
Amazing! Incredible!! Inspiring!!!
Its is a very emotional story left me asking #whatsmyironman
So brave and inspiring....
She gave me a new hope in life @BillGates thanks sharing such worthy video.I may not be a Bill Gates; but I can be her someday fighting through life and winning it
Lifting Sadness with Progress!
I NEED  YOU  HELP.
gr8
yes this is very true she is special and the Earth future is very proud of her...UNLIKE a book you promoted that lies how 4 classes of humans will change and the future be better by making more middle class  It just ruins the world MORE and you are not seeing the problem or cure!
Beautiful souls
wow, thanks for sharing, makes you look spoilt when you moan of sore feet after T2
Just call me please 6166433560
Great 
Great and inspiring
That is wonderful. That is why I am a Rotary Member.
Inspiration of the world
A truly inspirational story. Love the positive attitude and ambition that can drive anyone to accomplish any goal
Being rich creates a lot of fun to become wealthy .
wow
WOW... Really great 
Inspiring!!
Hlo Sir old give me one opportunity sir pls
Hi
Great work. Please save humanity also from chemicals and stop all kinds of visible & invisible paralysis
#WorldHealthDay #Education to Save #Animal #Child #Women & other Human Lives from #Petroleum #Petrochemical #Plastic Monsters
I echo u Bill, its inspiring. One of the most influential stories i hv come across.
Ngày mới no ấm hơn!
Lawyer Wanted
A Hero of on going struggle for better life ......
Just did a biology lesson on vaccines today. This story reminds me irradiation of the disease can and should be fought for.
methods of treatment.. For example, poliovirus is weaker than some herpesviruses. Ie. the carrier of an acute herpes infection is never sick with the flu and respiratory diseases. Therefore, infection with herpes at a certain stage can avoid severe consequences of poliomyelitis.
Cheer’s to LiFE

He did more than enough.
They're an example to follow!!!
Can you like make me part of the illuminati already? Because this@midlle class poor people shit is getting old
Yes.  I will be Ambassador in my country
Thank you for such an inspirational story..lessons for life..staying positive and with self belief & determination, we can conquer anything!! God bless!!
Great

# God bless u for the work u are doing
نحتاج.مساعدتك
نحتاج.مساعدتك.
It is people like  that who remind me how powerfull the human spirit is. always soaring free of pretense and corruption  always positive and optimistic and most importantly never gives up.
Quero seu e mail. Por favor
Truly inspirational.
Oi
https://www.gofundme.com/taylors-memorial-amp-funeral … PLEASE HELP MY 21 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER DIED MARCH 24TH UNEXPECTEDLY.
How to #EndPolio ? Developing countries has many polio survivor today..........
so that you can take the chaos on the chin, a corrupt, corrupt curve
@BillGates inspiring story of @mindentler's. Let us support her efforts to eradicate polio. # President, Samajwadi Party Odisha State, India.
您为什么不去选总统呢？
In Brazil it was eradicated due to the constant vaccination campaigns.
May the Lord help you in the eradication of polio.
Holy crap!  What an incredible young woman!
Good
You may not be in good shape
How are you in your life
Peace be upon you, sir
now we have time when beach and gaucho  want to learn us a life in sex public house i go out from church witold
   

Compasiune
  si mahnire.



Simtamantul neputintei, este usor perceptibil in cazul meu. Cateva 
luni trecute, in franceza, o expresiva poveste despre un Colibri si uriasa
suprafata inconjuratoare, Africana,cuprinsa de pojarul unui incendiu, ...
She is really awesome and Insipiration for All of Us.
And I dont have the power to stick to a diet..
good show from that lady respect bro
!
Great
Awesome
Great
I've seen many posts about someone completing a triathlon and am left feeling, good for you. Your story had the opposite effect and left me feeling good! Thank you. #inspiring
thank for sharing Bill.
Hello, Mr. Bill Gates, it is inspiring what you do, and I hope that your work is not just because you see people it, but that it is in you a feeling of compassion and affection for the needy.
Oc
Lovely

Thank you Bill for inspiring me and for helping to #endpolio
It's so inspiring....
Great
Did you learn not to wear a red dress at TedEx?
Wonderful.
Next understand and eradicate ME

Great
Thanks for sharing this truest inspirational story @BillGates - it inspires me on so many levels as a woman, mom, athlete, warrior, and human.
Met her when we both spoke at the same #Rotary event.  Great message, remarkable lady!
Mankind needs more people like you. Thanks.
What illness do you have other than ??
we must learn from her
That
Salute
