
Hi sir
Mind bloeing
Keknya kamu mengagumi @sapinker ya?. Coba kamu tanyakan ke @sapinker sama @SocialQPhilip ngenai Tawaran Aku, Scor kepada mu itu masuk di akal nggak?. ?. Berikan beberapa tulisan dari Aku, Scor di dunia maya. Lalu tanyakan apa pendapat mereka terkait Tawaran dari Aku, Scor Tsb.
~ As A God, Scor 1s A King too(Life after earth).
@sapinker & @SocialQPhilip: Sebenarnya mengambil uang dari @BillGates adalah termasuk jalan pintas untuk Aku, Scor mendapatkan uang di bumi. Berdasarkan Azas Kebenaran Ini: https://colourbearer.wordpress.com/a-big-secret/  About The Ultimate Truth. Aku, Scor udah bisa ambilkan?. Memiliki Hak untuk bagian.
Tetapi Aku, Scor malah Menawarkan Ini: https://colourbearer.wordpress.com/tawaran-khusus-mengenai-persembahan-110-untuk-ku-scor/ … kepada nya. Bukan hanya sesuatu yang biasa, Bahkan lebih. Tetapi apakah masuk di akal Tawaran daripada Aku, Scor Tsb?. Nah, Kalian berikanlah masukan2 kepada @BillGates.
~ & do remember, As A God, Scor 1s A King too(In life after earth).
Smart brother
Grateful for great minds moving forward.
Very nice our richest man of the world you are my role model all the time
I want to meet him one day!

O.K.
Latitude: 33.92108°
Longitude: -116.66433°
STUCK IN CALIFORNIA WATCHING GANG SURGE OF THOSE WHO DEMAND WHILE I DO NOT HAVE MONEY FOR FOOD AND HAVE NOT GONE HOME IN 4.5 YEARS. GREAT COUNTRY.

Wow
Me to

Look nice sir... 
Am ur biggest fan sir....!!!
http://Your.family  photos also super sir
I've found a new site where all books are available in damn discount rates.
https://www.sheriffcoupons.com/shop/abebooks-uk/ …
I still have hope for humanity seeing all the good you and your wife and other peoples selfless act's of kindness.
"guys... So... Uh...... When we're taking the picture... What do I do with my hands...."
Super Sri
#what a pic sir very nice
Thanks sar
You are Great guy!!
Hello Billgates writing from uganda need your financial hand to support our disabled children through our charitable organisation


Wow
https://imgur.com/gallery/dTGysR9 
https://www.businessinsider.com.au/facebook-bans-bitcoin-cryptocurrency-ico-ads-2018-1?r=UK&IR=T …
Hi
I want to Sell my http://art.It  price 1 million dollar.
i won't quit because i'm inspired by the person i will be after i get my studies at the University of Edinburgh. Here is the link again Sir,
https://gogetfunding.com/InternationalFoundationProgrammeAndLawdegree/ …

Please join Islam atrue religion
If biology had a bad language how to move its part
Jai hind jai mahakaal Bharat maa ki jai sir all of u are great personality
Sir I am a Indian boy varry poor family is my is varry poor family sir you can help me than start a business sir I speek low quality English plzzz help me sir I wait your reply sir
I read the chapter. Loved it!
I m a big big big fan of you bill gates sir
Hello
looking good Sir @BillGates
Nice pic
Do you fear and generally dislike Muslims as much as Pinker does?
YO QUIERO QUE ME LLEVES A CANADA...QUIERO IR A CANADA CONTIGO Y VIVIR ALLA EN LA NIEVE Y EL FRIO...BESOS Y CARIÑITOS...VIENE LOS CARNAVALES QUIERO IR A TENERIFE...
YO QUIERO CASARME CONTIGO...YO TE AMO...VEN A BUSCARME Y TENER MIS TRILLIZOS...YO SOÑE CONTIGO...Y BOLIVIA...BESOS Y SALUDITOS A TU LINDO PAIS...VEN A BUSCARME...
MANDAME A BUSCAR...AQUI NO ME DEJAN EN PAZ...LOS BRUJOS Y TERRORISTAS...SOY UNA ZOMBI EN LAS NOCHES....
HOLA BILL ES KENERLINE...BESITOS Y CARIÑITOS DE TUS BBECITOS TRILLIZOS...ANTONY...TERRY...MICHEL...MANDAME A BUSCAR...SOÑE CON UN CRUCERO DE RUSIA...BESOS Y SALUDITOS A TUS AMIGOS...

@realDonaldTrump @LupeValdez @BrianSandoval @RepLujanGrisham @JerryBrownGov @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Build a Mega Dam instead of a Wall 
@BillGates 
sharing good #books is a two-way street.
This #book
"Becoming a #STEM #Teacher: a Crash #Course for #People Entering the #Profession"
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/665204 … …
will change your view on @gatesed  approach on #Education 
#edchat #educhat #ntchat #BillGates #ThinkEdu18

MICROSOFT IS A PYRAMID SCAMS OF MORTGAGES AND REAL ESTATE OF ILLEGAL MORTGAGE HOUSE SALES  FOUR THE MONEY PYRAMID SCAM
Indeed to read this book.  I’d love to feel a renewed sense of optimism about the world.
@Billgates go to cuba
https://youtu.be/shBTw_x9T_c  
I was there too
2 things to change the world #spiritcommunication /  #veganism   both need expediting https://www.gofundme.com/advance-spirit-communication … … Publicity + fundraiser..nothing funds won't aid. Or can  donate direct to those doing the good work.  #spirit #EVP
Please give me your blessing on this new year to get the opportunity to fully change the World.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.

Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources to solving society's problems............... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.

Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
you don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.

Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
5-Absence of money awareness- I don't LIKE to take anyone's favor including my parents.
6- I have great respect for all religions

I belong to Software Industry..working in one of the top S/W company for the last 13 yrs...want to contribute in this social Service.
You might be interested to know about Why I am suitable person to Write, Act & Direct your Movie.

1-Smoking -I have never smoked
2-Alcoholism - I have never drunk
3-Drug -- I have never taken
4-Pre marital Sex - I have never gone for this either Pre or Post(extramarital).
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"
Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
2-Alcoholism & Pornography -- Answer--"For relaxation" & Pleasure
3-Drug -- Answer-- For relaxation, lifing up mood & Pleasure
4-Pre marital Sex- Marriage problems & Divorce
5-Absence of money awareness-Demand their parent..because of bad/rich friends
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Our Movie will handle this "DATING" (a serious disease for our society, mainly for our young generation) in perfect manner.

What about glorifying Courting (Courtship).... with high moral value..in our Movie ? ....Please provide your Input.
Women & children normally suffer the most after a divorce, both in terms of quality of life and emotional well-being.

What is the REASON behind this...... "DATING"..... having relationships before marriage...in the name of Freedom......Simple..
The median length for a marriage in the U.S. today is 11 years with 90% of all divorces being settled out of court.

With these DATA.........Please think about KIDS's.
between 40% and 60% of new marriages will eventually end in divorce. 

The probability within... the first five years is 20%, and the probability of its ending within the first 10 years is 33%.
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace..will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago...
Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.

After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
You have 43.7M followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD so even FILTER can't stop...............will try

Please tell me if I am wrong for having a dream of a movie produced by you to show the right direction to our young generation.
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" .I want to contribute in this social service.

I hope you will produce one unique movie to show the right direction to our Young generation.Very real & Simple..........  no Fiction
I am IT professional.With God's grace & your help, I can Write, Act & Direct such Movie.Please think in different way of Social Service.

This unique Movie will make Huge profit as well as contribute PEACE to world and brotherhood.Please discuss this in BOD Meeting.
You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter this issue is pending from Your side.

Movies show BIG impact on society, Please plan the production of such movie for welfare of our young generation.
Having Multiple relationship, Excessive Drinks with Criminal Mind, Disrespect for Marriage, etc.  ....all in the name of Freedom.

Donation for AIDS should also consider to counter these Social Disease.
Wishing you and your family a happy, healthy and a prosperous New Year 2018.

Good Evening Brother, Now a days High moral standards are totally missing in Our Movies & reducing rapidly in our society.
The world is a wonderful place full of beauty and splendour. SMILE
woww that's good news thanx
#I Appreciate Your Struggle @
Spam कर के मेरी आवाज दबा सकते हो तो मेरी समस्या का निदान भी कर सकते है?
Hallo our Magnater of Microsoft!! Many thanks for Microsoft softwares particularly for Windows and its applications!!!
La Iluminación va de la mano con la Creatividad, en tu Oscuridad pensar beber AGUA como resultados de tus heces, se llama NO tener Iluminación .... LA SSM siempre vigilandote ....
Remember History, no more world war, bad ideologies.Defend Life, Freedom, Democracy, Humanity. To prevent tragedies -atrocities –bad events. Earth Overshoot Day is sign for humanity that is overpopulation.Climate change, global warming, pollution (pandemic), are threatening world
Food resources are in danger because ecosystems and nature are being destroyed. Creating a perfect cow to make more milk will not be very useful if you continue to pollute water, desertification, waste, to use resources to make wars and arms race. Earth Overshoot Day is a warning
A great conversation capturing the optimism we could use presently.
Sir bill gate,please i need your help.please reply to my message
Bill this is my email address ar_titas@yahoo.com  and cell number +8801744950328 please call me. Thank you. I am stay in Bangladesh.
Hello Bill how are you.
Hello Bill  I want to be a best friend.
This is my mail address ar_titas@yahoo.com
@BillGates I want to join you I am form Pakistan from the information technology field... Waiting for reply sir
A perspective enlightening article. What a great read!
Unlock my Facebook page!!!
Please Bill...can you help me and RT?
https://twitter.com/ishtarglam/status/957572630294482946 …
Beautiful
Enlightment for once and forever it shoud be*

#Peace_is_D_Way
Maintain/Enhance Peace #uNITY2pEACE4wELFARE #U2P4W

Enlightment for (every)one
Hi bill gates sir i am Jamal how are you sir
I still today think computers are magic  love technology.
Great work! You did many big things to change our world!!!
Hello Mr. bill I want to ask you for help . Not as trite but I need the money. Not much , I'm from Russia. Here we have a bad. If you exist let me know.
 for 'world's still a livable place because there are enough good people around'! #dogood #oneworld 
U to wants is love people 
...
I love you
wow!!

I didn't - the relevant article is behind a paywall.  Bill Gates could afford to make it free.
What a heart of humanity you have. May God richly bless you. You are my mentor even though even the poorest call me poor. I have a dream that one day i can touch and bring a great impact to my community. Just crying for a scholrship as a means of empowerment.God bless you my idol

..and now for the hard bit. Actually convincing people that they are better off.
Glory be to GOD. May GOD bless our beloved helpful kind worldwide Hero His Excellency Mr.Bill G Amen
success is not final,
             failure is not fatal:
it is courage to continue that
           counts.

A GOOD BOOKS YOU WANT
TO LIVE IN THE STORY.
A GREAT BOOK GIVES YOU NO CHOICE.
Amazing sir always
nice pic

Nature mmmh
Hello bill I’m working on starting a trucking company and wanted to see if you would like to invest in it. My email ismusaalmatrahi@gmail.com I would like to send you more information

Great ! Nice foto!
That's the effect of good ideals,  they always instill a better way of seeing things.
Mr. Gates, would you be our next president?


Wow, what a hair
Sir how did u make it to where u a coz i also want to atleast reach somewhere but the starting capital ???
Hi how are you
Mr.Gates, I'd like to invite You to take part in the First International Business Forum in Germany with up to 3000 million/billion turnover entrepreneurs, CEOs and managers in Oct '18. How can I contact You with further information? Thank You, Naira naira.milkus@bluhmberg.com
DOUTORES, em epígrafe Bilionário Bill Gates, só um detalhe: Iluminismo à margem de Deus é obscurantismo. THAT'S OK?
Gates the parasite. Benefiting from other people's intellectual property. Probably never had an original idea in his whole life.
Giant nerds!

Please i need you  help please please
I want to read it!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
By the way, thank you for Nigeria, Bill.
I hope deeply You are right,Sir at least I wish
GREAT GLOBAL ABRACADABRANT STYLE AND QUINTESSENTIAL GLIMPSE OF GLOBE TROTTING FEELINGS WITH AN UBEQUIETOUSLY RECOGNISABLE 
ATTITUDE  
great minds think alike!
Im So Glad MyFriends...Perhaps I Should Read It Too. While I was Away_I Always Prayed 4Us, Mr. Obama Family_MrKerry_MsTamron_Boss_Microsoft_GatesFoundation NASA etc Plz Read About "Joseph". If I Didn't Love Every1 I Wouldn't Ask
Another one for my reading schedule this year
Boss

#Collaborate4Cures
Slt  Vive le livre  et la lecture   Bon week-end  Merci
Thank you so much!
So our euthanization is delayed? 
Nicr
We’ve been speaking on the same things, enlightening the world, by spreading love and positivity person to person, organization to organization... and suppressing negativity in different demographics using different marketing strategies we’ve created to reach those targeted areas
Sir please assist me for my wife IVF treatment at National Hospital Abuja, Nigeria.We have gone for counselling what is remaining is money for her to commence IVF treatment.I wish I have the money to pay,5years of marriage no child is painful.God bless you Sir for your help to us
I am a social scientist student and the More I read, the more I am getting convinced that the answers that humanity seek are in this book that they call Bible.
The Bible has no answers, the answers humanity seeks are in science.
Bible allows human beings to think freely and be creative. That way, they were able to come up with science. Well used, all science and technology serves mankind and glorifies God.
The Bible indoctrinates and deceives.
When that book will come for readers ?
Change will only come thru proven lowly people as money mania is foreign to them.
Bill Gates you're millionaire so you must give me present that's 10000$ I'm waiting you
Why? How have you contributed to his or our world?
As much as I respect you. What you have been doing (food and medicine) is hurting. Without responsible procreation and birth control, nothing will help 3rd world nations.
I believe I need that book, because right now, Fire and Fury is infuriating me. 
Super image
Is it one of the books  you will read in 2018
I like Bill Gate to be my Mentor,....
 but I don't know how I can be close 
to this great father in the World in order to inherit his spirit of richness!
That's a great thing indeed!
