Taking and attaching a screenshot so that this tweet will make sense once @BillGates changes his name back from "A Mosquito."
It's all a bit reminiscent of #Kafka's Gregor. Perhaps we should send help. Or PifPaf.
RT if you want @BillGates to make #Mosquitonado happen
Be cautious in the evening & before go to sleep at night apply Mustard Oil or Sarason Oil rub on lags, mouth & both the hands! You will be safe & also oust them out of House or home ! This is easy treatment to be safe from mosquito bites & diseases ! Thanks Dear Great ! Carry on
Nice to learn, once again! Thanks Bill Gates
Bang on. Deaths that are violent get more public attention then slow deaths due to disease. Another way to look at it is , almost all sharks deaths are in developed countries and almost all mosquito related deaths are in developing/poor countries.
I think that die with blood comming out of ur skin and all ur holes os a violent death too 
Mosquitoes do not kill. Viruses they carry do.
nobody likes a showoff
"You must be at least this tall to be recognised as a threat."
It is true. It reminds me of 2009 when a great friend of mine contracted malaria in GHANA because he did not take the vaccine he usually took. The mosquito was waiting for him and he confided that it did not happen. But God is great and he survived.
People mistakenly think our news media is in the news business - they are not - they are in the entertainment business.
Mosquitos serve their purpose. Its the pink mutant (caucasian) that believes god creation is irrelevant. However it was the mutant that was created by man, not god.
shine some light on companies doing something about the little #bloodsuckers
$LSCG lighting science
#getultraviolet #stopmalarianow #weakenZika #Zika
Good try, Bill. Trying to convince me with logic and not blind fear, not today!
Those stats are full of shit
Says the Australian with trump as his profile picture.
I wouldn't watch a half hour documentary about mosquitoes unless it was really interesting. I'll use bug spray thanks to your tweet.  Thanks for the info, and thank you for DOS and Windows.
Death By Mosquitos uncannily similar to my new mystery on Amazon.
Well duh! Humans don't spend even half as much time in the ocean than they do on land...mosquitos are everywhere, Sharks can't really just fly into your homes...bad analogy mr gates. Also, are the GMO mosquitos killing people? What exactly is killing people?
Go man
We will have no regrets if we always consult our inherent nature and true self before acting, uttering a word or conceiving a thought.
Is your Foundation working in 'Bangladesh'? If not please in add it in your list.
In tropical countries Mosquito is the worst enemy - may be worse than Poverty.
This is so true @BillGates issue is that we in the West don’t see it everyday
I want to work with your foundation in India how will I know about that information to work with you
#_It's not good::^^..must b take a strong steps for it.--.---..kill mosquitoes for save Life.....



Dear Sir. I am Shadi Khalaf, a Syrian refugee who lives in Turkey. I was injured in a traffic accident. My leg was broken. I can not work anymore. I am a father of children. You know what you need from food, drink, etc. Please help me. I swear I swear to you under zero.
How many sharks been killed in a year ?
Because there is currently no money to be made killing mosquitos...
This puke incel is trying to do to our country what he did to software
Because mosquitoes are small in size and size gets attention and awe.
sir, you have done a great service..
Is there any program(app) to prevent mosquitos?
@BillGates
omg
Cuz there is no movie called Mosquinado!
Mr. Gates. Please, Please keep addressing this problem! Sincerely Shellie Gary
The smallest are always the deadliest..
#Beware
eu não perdoo NOÉ p ter colocado 1 CASAL D MOSQUITOS em sua ARCA kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk acho q vc tbém não né? bom dia........
aqui????????????????? o governo anterior,,,,,???????,o tratou c honras kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
What a comparison. Do people just go out in the oceans to get a swim?
Because people who want to swim with sharks need to spend money. However mosquitoes are free that’s why they are more harmful than sharks. Eureka! kdjdkdls
#because they still didn’t get a movie, like sharks did?!?..

because you're one off the best friends from the gay community and sharks especially those in Napaling are my best friends,and my best friends blood is pure ready to travel without boundaries faster than the speed off light,Halleluja the truth is out there.
Sharks killed  directly,  mosquitoes  do the same indirectly.
Availability heuristic
after the successful Jaws movie in 1975, there should be another success with Mosquitaws movie ........
Can we eradicate mosquitoes without the CBD being enraged?
Dude it's been spring in Wisconsin for 5 minutes and I just killed two of these annoying biotches
Fact & Appreciated
This fact is available in every country I believe but not every part of the world do experience such kind of terror from a lil thing called mosquito
Can’t we protect ourselves from it??
Keep clean areas one lives I think not enough
@jordanbpeterson
Cuz they’re cool. And mosquitoes are...well...mosquitoes.
KILL COUNT RISING
Is any living thing hated more than #mosquitos? Is there any benefit to their bloodsucking or are they simply parasitic punks?
We dont care, give me 1 percent of your fortune and i will change it ;)
Mosquito the significant species are greater than the aliens we fear. They teach us one lesson. Even if we are not bad, but if we carry someones bad message, we will be destroyed. "Dont carry unverified message' - a mosquito quote
Thanks a billion for your help with the diseases that affects us all! Love to you and @melindagates as well as @gatesfoundation Live long and prosperous life for eternity.
Let’s make it happen. We need a new villain. But we must show their benefits too #fairandbalanced
Obvious answer to a rhetorical question-sharks tend to kill people, even given very low numbers of deaths, who watch television and then buy products advertised. Mosquitos tend to kill people who don’t watch television and don’t buy products advertised.
@BillGates We are developing adhesive hydrogels containing natural mosquito repellent. These hydrogels can also provide pain relief and help with healing process of mosquito bites
Whoa.
Teeth
Because you suck! Get it?
The name change was a very bad idea Bill. Can you change it back or change it to "Mosquito week"
Very important issue raised. Thank you.
Mr Gates good Latter
I like
@basheerhfz 
He has a point..
señor bill gates a soy quien la ayudo en ecuador en un asalto que ocurrió en el barco octopus , quisiera preguntarle si es que me puede ayudar a recuperar lo que me dio usted?, ya que personas políticas y otros me lo arrebataron
because sharks will be extinct by fin eaters.
Leave our mosquitoes for us. It preserved the Sub Saharan African from  ravaging Europeans 500 years ago
Mah BOIIII BILL!!
Bug off!
Plasmodium spp.
Only if common sense was as common as it's name implied
didn’t researchers finally trace polio back to mosquitoes ....?
Blood banks should really try to get mosquitos to give blood. Maybe reprogram their dna to make them mini drones for blood banks. Cause ya.
I blame the media.  When we see sharks near our shoreline in the East Coast or hear about a shark attack anywhere, even when it’s not fatal, it is all over the news which makes it more salient.  Sadly, there is never any coverage about the deaths caused by mosquitoes.
Sa c'est manque d'amour dans ce monde . merci beaucoup Mr Bill G par l'aides que tu portes à nos compatriotes Je dis encore merci à toi Dieu lui même sais
A: It’s easy to hijack a person’s thoughts by preying on emotions, not reason.
Shark's are you like you sir every person admires about it. mosquito are like common people we see it everyday so we don't talk about it.
Aye, Bill. You're actually cool you know that? If you were here I'd squat you 
Thank you for all your work to combat malaria and other diseases spread by mosquitoes.
oh my God you change your name into mosquito 
Yessss. This is the most dangerous species present on earth. They are responsible for most of the diseases.
That’s because @steveberg1946 has never made a movie about a mosquito terrorizing a small New England town.
I'm gonna start yelping, ducking, dodging, and running from mosquito like I do bees. Gonna drop a s'more or two.
And my wife gets on me because I hate mosquitos.....she should hope I get bit
It's the terror factor.
That's because we hate mosquitos more then we hate sharks,and publicity is everything this days.
its a distraction and its part of genetics (evolution) the biggest problem is Jupiter, When it loose's its atmosphere
Check out BogOrchid from MGH labs, totally agree, and we have not done anything worth an impact!
Mosquito is not a "PEST"! It's a "KILLER"! True!
True that.

Thanks for the hard work, Mr Gates.
In 2016, sharks killed four people in the entire world. Diseases spread by mosquitoes killed more than half a million people. So why do sharks get their own week and not me? https://b-gat.es/2qRSPhA  #IAmHartmut
udie  next  for   support m,e  not
because sharks are cool and awesome and terrifying ... and you are an annoying little bug?
