Kya aap Nihal sonwani ko call kar sakte hain 98 26 78 38 10 par
Hey everyone . a Sustainable effect.
Mr Gates you should do it on Twitter if you want this to be amplified
Sarcasmo puro @RealPepeAyala
Qué tal los Goya?
Espectacular!! Handia 10 Goyas. Orgullosos de un equipo que nos va a dar muchas alegrías en el inminente rodaje de “la Trinchera infinita”
Pareces Cervantes... grandes alegrías etc...#HazConPasiónLoQueTeGusta
whole world knows that most of dangerous technologies are with nation defences&better we look up into space & STUDY TO DESTROY ASTEROIDS/um*
i strongly believe that SUPER COMPUTERS operating & calculating can in future DESTROY the asteroids which are sure events upon earth/um*
there is NO STOPPING THE MEDICAL FIELD AS WE ARE HUMANS but after smart cities / NEXT TARGET is to destroy the asteroid by SPACE STATION/um*
Uchiwamnyama
Because, we are distinctive than animal and carry the right level of rationality, honesty, sense of righteousness and wisdom & we are free from maximum bad quality !
i think there should be no situation like , lack of funds to NASA & hopefully all NASA PROJECTS TO SERVE HUMANITY & connect the world/um*
You are a wonderful man, diligent, brave, courageous, and human

i m ur  biggest fan sir i m very poor pls help me
sir.
Can you arrange a job.for may daughter she furnished bca and c ++cloud program know
We Africans young street kinds we need your help Mr Bill Gates were hustling on on streets life is hard to live on street kindly mainly in my country Uganda

LASTLY, You had design a world of your Own for the LIGHT to live under  Your Satanic & Luciferian world. Well let me design world if you decided to stay In The Darkness. All your wealth will turn into dust & you will have to start All over again in your old world. GOOD LUCK!. 
Hola,me gustaría contactar con ustedes para presentarles nuestros `proyectos solidarios uno de ellos es el Proyecto Padrinos para la Esperanza.

@misionesperanz1
BHF is a non governmental charity organization that helps less privileged children in Africa, we need donations to fund our charity organization God bless you as you donate (Firstbank 3091189546 Bright) or you can send through Western Union
Help my family
.
@BillGates @melindagates @Lin_Manuel
The excess of negativity in the news can make us think the world is in a state of decline: please watch my 3 min spoken word case for change! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QihDrQJtKys … #solutionsjournalism @BillGates @melindagates
Negative headlines can mislead us into thinking the world is in a state of decline rather than progression. Please watch my 3 min spoken word compelling case for #solutionsjournalism @BillGates @melindagates
Hi sir..
You should see what court reporters do with our software and steno machines these days!
Huuuuu bill gates huuu


I'm not
I love you my dear sir bill
Who cares go back to The Congo.
Bill, we have to help Puerto Rico. Republicans in Congress think that RAISING TAXES on the devastated island will help the people.
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.in/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-28.html?m=1 …
Please apply your optimism to the gun violence issue in the U.S.  If you, Warren Buffett, Al Hoffman, & others can offer Congressmen now taking NRA $ their own $ match to get them to stop taking NRA money & vote for gun safety, then we could finally get effective laws passed!
6214213

https://www.instagram.com/Martindarkness/ 
私に仕事をください
Tanzania is the country which has large number of citizen depending in agriculture while government doesn't provide support. thus i have dedicated my life in providing agriculture knowldge through website and village visits but i luck support.
Sir Head Off You
You’re company is targeting Conservatives, you say to target us & me. I cannot make a living from being blocked since all jobs are added on fb. Therefore I will spread this info to everyone and tell them the truth! You target Conservatives, you target anyone who’s not a liberal!

Nice

http://soodtechnews.blogspot.com/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-25.html …
Hey bill I got a lot of ideas, but no one seem to take me seriously.  I'm inventor, got so many ideas,.
Good

https://www.gofundme.com/55auys8 


Please help I can't pay my medical bills anything helps thanks
Sir I need help of u pleas contact me
This is U! PROOF that vaccines target blacks 4 depopulation: Published science paper identifies infertility chemical secretly spiked into vaccines for African women http://www.healthnutnews.com/proof-that-vaccines-target-blacks-for-depopulation-published-science-paper-identifies-infertility-chemical-secretly-spiked-into-vaccines-for-african-women/ … @billgates @melindagates

Hi! Mr
U r doing right thing.Ur country is too much developed now it is an oppourtunity for u too develop others.Invest in develop countries gives u small portion of money but investment in underdeveloped may led u too gain over double of ur investment with blessings of many peoples.
http://www.soodtechnews.tk/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-25.html?m=1 …
I love this couple, Bill and Melinda Gates.
 May God give you more and more, you and your seed. May He prosper your seed.
Unique styles brilliant much
BillGates
Give me money baby 
Your good work will always inspire youths
Hai my Boss
I miss you gates

Hi bill Gates am ojama Issa from Uganda nice to see here with us may god bless u more
Hi sir will u make anroide laptop desktop
true
Hello sir
There is more that is to be done. I am available for partnership.

#itsabreadthing #community #Crowdfunding https://twitter.com/itsabreadthing/status/963519305446027269 …
There is so much to be optimistic about! The news tends to be full of the bad stuff, which can drown out the positives. Thanks for all you do. Cheryl. Dist Governor Rotary.
trying to be optimistic with all the joy and challenges in this world. Ty Bill, Mel and Lin
أتمنى من الله أن أمتلك 800000$  من أجل ان ارجع لاسرتى وتنتهى سنوات الغربة عنهم بلا جدوى
Sorry Bill, if you can't talk to me on Twitter.we'll have to give it a miss.
on facebook? Do you use any MS product anymore? :D
You must be ignoring the state of the planet
@Lin_Manue I think in more optimistic about the future too
Awesome sir
Let partnership with the Working Committee on Industrialisation and Globalisation of Local Informal Economies be part of the Optimism: Digitalisation of the Trade and Industrial Sector,
For Compliance
0646420346, 
Secretary to Working Committee: W.L Lesabe
I am jalandhar
That's good!Goodnight,Sir!
Can I get a job Bill?
Me to them and we all remain anonymous
Like newborns and stiming, but it needs encryption and challenge codes from and too also
It helps me write it's like turning on a red blue or black light in the studio, similar effect
My creative juices need those updates! Please!
Great.
Respect
Beautiful collaboration between u guys which is totally acceptable n appreciate ed.  I could give u credit for self satisfaction with contentment in the direction of welfare of mankind.what levels r not imp.desire from both of u is sufficient.always b happy ml.
Love you Bill Gates Sir
Bill,with the depth and constructive conversations that you and Melinda are engaging in, optimism looms
it's awesome .
I wish you guys could find it in your hearts to help me..
Will you give me a chance to convince you please ?

Super
good
Your attempts good to make people more happy but think about India at where lot of discrimination based on religion and caste. Do something for it
Please help me out of poverty and debt, show me how I can be free financially. I'm dead tired of living
Good luck for your best openion
Hi Billgates
Nice
God bless you sir

Great Sir, how can I contact you to share my idea of health improvement in my country, I'm a Doctor.
Sir I inspired with u I do some thing but no one meet me for guidance so I can request for your pls
nice work sir:

Hi bill gates sir


Thanks for the recommendation on Enlightenment Now. 
I think I'm more optimistic about the future too.
Keep A 3rd Eye On This Guy...IThink He Has That Early Age "Nerd Syndrone"...lol _ Hello Young People
Glad you are so optimistic. What about those of us without jobs? Hard to be optimistic when you are losing everything you worked for all your life.
Bill gates ima trying to change my ways and stop listening to negative music cause it's getting to me in my tweets just checking up on my old pal and bestfriend in kindergarten

Lol



Why are you more optimistic than before?
Thank You Very Much
You talkabout Trump now didn't you back trump.  It's disgusting what your trying to do to our schools.  Never been in education but think you know everything you know nothing.  Leave our school alone keep to your rich snobs we don't want to be like you's.
ADDICTED TO THIS WRITER--HYSTERICAL--TRUMP LOVES SPOUSAL ABUSE--READ--
Hhh.. I like your optimistic  mind.
Nice pictures
What are Gates foundation doing for our inner cities....??
You are great sir!

Be great!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
Bill can u help with the cyber terror threats our country is under.  #USA
If I was the worlds richest guy I’d be super optimistic too
i NotBuY¥Foolssss d:
Would you be interested in buying Newcastle United football club and make the club great again, we have over  50,000 supporters at every home game we are the most loyal FAN'S in the world  I'm sure you would get great pleasure in making the team a success
Mr. Bill Gates, I have a very interesting and interesting software idea. May I help you make that idea.
It is obivious  -for rich people there is more and more chance to have some new gadgets, use new technology, bla-bla-bla, of course they are optimistic. But citizens of shithole countries lose even nature.
My question, can not you help people in Africa win water? There are so many technical solutions. heartfelt greeting from the goats farm
#NYPD IA DA Corp Counsel #Crimes Podium 24hr  City Hall Park Speak Out Yearly! Prospect Park Rape John Miller/ Pete Rose, my case proof O’Neill anti WOMEN! No Justice!
http://suzannahbtroy.blogspot.com/2018/02/us-attorney-sdny-sdnynews-21318-153-pm.html …
NYPD IA broke laws in my case no statute of limitations NYPD App tracker + lose pensions
How about you let Melinda pursue her priorities and wishes and you man up and do what you really like doing...by going back to Microsoft, slapping some people for doing things wrong and taking the position of the boss?
Totally gonna watch this!
So sorry I missed it, when's the next one ?
I pray God should touch you to help me someday.
Hello @BillGates & @melindagates 
Really, Really could use your help in sponsoring me for a bowling event I am in each year to help find a cure for Cystic Fibrosis. 
The link to my page is below.  Not a scam, please read my page. Thanks so much.
TQM
YO TE AMO
BILL ES KENERLINE...LLEVAME CONTIGO...YO TE AMO...VI TU RANCHO
Media is silly when they sensationalize sad news, only the weak believe the world is falling apart! Howdy Bill and Melinda, enjoy
I don't like Facebook, they don't allow you to delete bad people off my list, pain in the neck! Selfish bunch, only care for themselves!
"There's always the question how much technology is empowering a small group of people to cause damage." The technology "US REPUBLIC" has empowered destructive homosexual movement, so you're right on the money.
Thanks
Thanks for all the good work you do.
Hi can I send you private message pls?
how could you know about dates on events as these. I live in NYC and would have loved to be there.
2018 will be a fantastic year for genocidal oligarchs.
In current climate good that someone is happy.
#Social #Media #sharing is really important to know the people about your #website and #website updates.

If you want to add social media sharing buttons in your website? contact with me:
Post Question
