Wow
I believe this is who you call THE MAN.
Hi bondho k mon asu...
Bill, windows is no good, can Microsoft developers write a windows for a land that’s not free?
I love that!
Read my nuke and anti nuke comments.

Mr Peterson was a force of nature...RIP.
Let me thank him hope he can do that even in Africa Uganda the most country
Dear Sir,
NUCLEAR proliferation is as necessary for PEACE as to restrict the sale of any kind of WEAPONS mainly by developed nations to the developing one. Why to have the hypocrisy or duality i.e. WEAPONS sales and  PEACE can't go together. 
Just THINKing about it
U are inspirational to me all day all night Mr Bill how do u feel Nigeria jollof during ur visit of Mr Dangote Daughter marriage ceremony
In the 90's my windows a light bulb going back and forth. To today the same rca viking pro 10 inch tablet. With windows it's slow and always updateing. With Android it never is updating or has back doors for virus. Why Bill ?
God bless you my dear brother in Christ i am pastor Sundas Shahid Gill from God Great Garden ministry for orphanage and poor sick Christians please stand with us in the name of Jesus Christ we need your help and support please reply us please
be blessed always Dad
Thank you very much
RIP
Greetings Sir,wish to work with you so throught you i will be like her because i know what i can do.just need ur help,need a vibrant,smart, good looking,honest,and passionate young lady like me.that is ever willing to work. Please try me.
Wow
RIP
https://www.instagram.com/p/Bgy1hKDju1N/ 
Interesting
helloo will miss him to ..i also congratulate him for what he did
Refreshing view, Bill! Thanks!
RIP
Stay strong for America
Chot bird
Nice sir Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me
RIP Shri Pete Peterson
Hi! Through you, I have been exposed to this great people, and am very thankful to you for that, I hope that modern day.

Bill Gates will u PLEASE run for President of the USA
Unwise.

Fiscal responsibility - spending within our budget AND paying back what government owes - creates a backlash from the public for cutting programs.

The public is bankrupting the government, avoids reason, then blames politicians with social media and street protests.
Will have to take your word on how congenial Peterson was in the company of other billionaires. For the rest of us, he was just a jerk who spent unspeakable sums tearing huge holes in America's already woeful safety net....
I think 
Next number is your
The next time you visit Nigeria, please visit the Eastern part of Nigeria and have conversation with the indigenes there. Read the news about how the Fulani-Hausa Herdsmen terrorist and Boko Haram and Nigerian military under president Buhari had been killing the people.
You did only one thing in your whole life and it's ridiculous and who will get inspired by such dust.
Hi,Bill? Nice 2 meet u.
Am Eng.Yusuf(civil engineer),Mogadishu,Somalia and I interested in u.
R.I.P Peterson the great thinker of our time!
I really love the passion you have for better growth of Africa I look forward to see you in Kenya
, the theme should be changed automatically according to given time set. And each individual theme includes the individual password, wallpaper, screen colour, ringtone etc.
you should come with a window feature in which users can set the multiple themes at one time for a particular time period and after setting, the theme can be work as time set. Means if a user set a theme t1 for a time 10 am to 4 pm and set theme t2 for a time period 4 pm to 8 pm,
no tengo como comprobar el trabajo que hice para ustedes y necesito hacerlo e es importante , ¿me puede ayudar? estoy en la ciudad de calama , chile, avenida regimiento #3355 , villa atacama , no tengo dinero para llegar a estados unidos en estos momentos
We have to continue pushing this proposal, is the best for all the world.
A wise & interesting man indeed he will be greatly miased
kendra sarkar toh sarkar h but kendra ko chalane  walo  ke  andar  hi leakage h toh paper toh jarur  leak hoga. inhe students k future ki fikra  nhi balki  apni  extra incomes ki fikra rahti  h
señor bill lo ayude en un asalto que le hicieron en montañita ecuador en el barco octupus , necesito comprobar que trabaje para usted y no veo la opción, ¿me puede ayudar por favor? de esta forma salgo de esta situación , ayúdeme
Your foundation improved and extended the lives of many
around the world. You and your wife derserve The Nobel
Peace Prize.
My 2011 paen to Peter J. Peterson...national debt has nearly doubled since: 

…http://dispatchesfromcoconutgrove.blogspot.com/2016/02/the-problem-of-political-parties.html …
Very happy to highlight  him sir
Indeed!May the good ol' Pete Peterson forever #RIP!Good Morning,Sir!
Who will carry on his wonderful works?
A life well lived.
bill gates   please run for president   we need your beliefs
we need you to straighten us all out
we need you
Great idea!
Champions, never forsake us and the planet at large
Great
We lost an incredible human. Rest in peace.
Brought to together mostly all entitled boys...  Profiteering against diversity, mmmhmm. But confidence and pedigree are so easy to justify as capability and intellect.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources 

....to solving society's problems..... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
You don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.

Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
hello
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace.......will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago.....
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" .I want to contribute in this social service.

Brother,I hope you will produce one unique movie to show the right direction to our Young generation.Very real & Simple.......  no Fiction
Dear Sir, Please help please
Yes, there are two major issues.
Love u Sir
. Salute Bill Gates
From Nebraska, .....just like Mr. Buffett (who is alive).
For now
Your assistance towards healthcare is really praiseworthy.we need more Bill Gates for making World better
you are inspiration aroud world
How tough is universal health care? Other countries manage it, it's affordable.

Bill ... we need a prez w/ compassion and resolve... Run !!!
outside of this subject ..... for me you are an example of success
 conditional love.
Not love but respect
Agreed brother.
2 important problems, for the US and all world’s societies: HealthCare, and nucleR proliferation. Of curse taking in consideration first wars avoidance.

watch documentary IOUSA incl a great townhall meeting panel w/ Mr. Peterson, Mr.Buffett, David Walker & others. RIP Pete Peterson
We know longer care what you're impressed with! #Globalist @PPFA baby killer. Says one of the best way to depopulate is through vaccines! You're not Good, @BillGates
#ICallBullShit he wanted to end Social Security, Medicare and other safeguards for the Middle Class Working Poor and The Poor! And pushed more corporate welfare for the ruling rich and corporate elite! May God have mercy on his soul!
Me too
Fablous
...indeed. he must be not just a brilliant mind, but a brilliant soul too.
...so he knew how to collect brilliance from different sources and use it for greater good.
...to me, even your statement about missing him is indeed soulfully brilliant!
Hmmm I donot think so the world worst healthcare is USA and southeast Asia health care system govts run this while getting gifts for paramacy,
The world best Health care is north European countries health care sir
Good
You both are our inspiration
My laptop was burned DVD as a gift to you, including six English books, my files as history. Do you have officer to contact me for receiving this DVD? My email : mienphatly@gmail.com
RIP Pete Peterson
please also support the crusade of @Billbrowder against #CORRUPTION

RIP PETE!!
BG, Can you move the United Nations?
God bless!
YOU'LL NEVER WALK ALONE... PETER G. PETERSON
Mr. Bill please Help me.
may his soul rest in peace..
Mantap pakde
Kim Jong Un: I have nuclear button at my desk

Donald Trump: I have bigger nuclear button at my desk

Obama: I have OBAMA* health care to help the poor ones
@BillGates  sir y don't we have an uniform healthcare system around the world like it would be a single entity working on the problems related to healthcare around the world.
Sir if he impressed you then I'm sorry I didn't pay him more attention

Lovely man.. he did great..
lots of lov from india
Can DM?
May his soul Rest In Peace
It reduces massive duplication saving hundreds of billions a year
اوك

I have a medical research system I think you’d be interested in
