"This week, I will be calling on my fellow leaders to commit to halving malaria across the Commonwealth by 2023.” – PM. Today @theresa_may met with @BillGates to discuss tackling malaria at #CHOGM18 
malaria  is becoming chronic  disease  of all time,hence should  be cured to reduce  dearh rates
Sir God will reward your effort you are putting to ensure people are safe in this world.

“When it comes to fighting racism, institutional or otherwise, there is no finish line.”

Addressing Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn in the…
HIWIFI @GoArmy @1future
He'll sar Hey r u! I am no fine? breaks আমার হারডিকস এর বেকাপ সেটা যদি আপনার সাহায়্য তহলে ওপকিরি তো হবো
Sir I want to work as a volunteer staff to fight against malaria in your organization.
Besides that I will like to be a volunteer in this goal.I'm a trained peer educator trainer in the area of HIV Testing and counselling, malaria tester and hepatitis.. I do my work for free to people not demanding a dame from them.
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Lol the UK is trash. And don’t worry this is from personal experience. Anyone agree?
Isaiah46:1-13 Vr5=To Whom Will You Liken Me & MakeMe Equal & CompareMe_ThatWe MayBe Alike_Vr8=Remember This & Stand Firm Recall It To Mind You Trangressors_Remember The Former Things Of Old; For "I Am God" & There Is No Other_"I Am God" & There Is None LikeMe
sir very nice
Lend me $ 1000, Mr. Bill Gates, God reward you good
.

Nice
And "having malaria"?????
So nice
Main dans la main pour vaincre le paludisme"Afrique"
@BillGates it's great what your and Melinda foundation does in the fight against Malaria, hope the goal to halve it shall be realized.
Thank you  for helping AFRICA <<<3
Are WE prepared for next Global Conflict #wwiii in coming years #ClimateChange WD #food #shortage #migrants play havoc wd failing States of Africa, Asia #CHOGM #CHOGM18 #uscommonwealth  #Microsoft & Extremist #Terror groups most likely to start War & #asteroid (Alan Fitzsimmons)
You're my idol.a Saint of real life.a good example for the youth to http://follow.Best  wishes to you and your family.
Dear Sir.
I m from VN .I love to see wave energy to develop in VN .Could you help us to reduce carbon emissions.Thankfully
Small-independent-insect-neutralizing-drones can start off small. They can be set about walking trails in areas ridden with parasitic insects.  These bots can move along trails attracting certain bugs with the intention of identifying and destroying them. Flying and walking traps
Try the entire spectrum of available LED's to see what lights are most effective for attracting which insects. 
Then hone in on various flashing patterns for each light that is successful at attracting parasites. 
->Infrared that slowly dims and brightens around human body temp
Chemical signals can be used.  Some ring-molecules are like addictive drugs to a certain species of ant found around UBC buses.  Like moths to a flame. Only the tiniest amount of Hires Root-Beer is all it takes to almost instantly bring them out of their nearby hiding spots
Using light, sound and highly potent chemical signals.  Parasitic insects can be attracted to and neutralized by drones(robotic insect traps) that slowly charge themselves and move autonomously through a region.  Like miniature Mars Rovers that look and smell delicious to insects
Current technology allows us to use both solar, and( with a bit of tech upgrade), we should also be able to use static electricity as a charging mechanism.  If a drone has hair that is optimized to generate a static charge when the wind blows then wind will charge the drone.
Teamed up, they only have to be able to move slowly to cover a large area of the trail.  They can have tiny blinking LED's so animals and people know not to step on them.  

They can also be hidden when people are detected to prevent theft, tampering and damage.
Mr Gates - can u please help us in the fight against lyme disease. So many of us around the world so sick and yet shunned by medical community and insurance companies. So little is known about lyme. We need research! Tysm !
It will have all it takes IF someone like you can RING THE BELL.
Shalom.
@10DowningStreet i will like to meet you my big man
A saint prayed for dragonflys to come and eat the mosquitoes where he preached and there were clouds of them  Revelation 22:3 is loving also powerful pure protective loving wise Father Son Hallowed Spirit
Apple > Microsoft
Hi  mr.bill could you give me 2.5 million $ !?
I’m waiting 
sıtma bayat bozuk yiyecekten oluşur kitap okuma sevdalısı ilk kitabın sahibi kim
http://Fertibug.com  could be a significant partner, fighting malaria...
The billionaire can have prob also
This is truly disgusting if rich shits like bill gates and friends had payed there tax’s across the world then country’s would not be so poor as to let there health system fail there people in the fist place

This is #capitalism &they economically raped the people of the world
Fantastic news ! All of us are with you in this ! There is so much good news to celebrate but the raucous sounds of the bad news too often drown it out . May your work prosper and achieve everything it sets out to do !
Get a job
https://twitter.com/JameyCronan/status/986647958597881858?s=19 …
I think the PM has bigger fish to fry her country is literally falling apart if you cannot save yourself how can you save Others. Lawlessness in the streets of London high unemployment and economic issues
每一步都离结局更近
She looks pretty comortable after bombing Syria!
Good luck
Good worke never fight malaria
You should get out of Africa and your love for Vaccine,Kaddafi wanted to distribute water by the great man made river was enough to almost end Malaria#stop dribble nonsense!
h
This reminds me again of Bill’s presentation on malaria when he brought in some mosquitoes and let them roam in the room!
اوكيه بس ضروري محاسبة المتورطين في قتل الاطفال والغلابة منذ الإحتلال البريطاني لعدة قارات افريقيا واوروبا واسيا ومن ضمنها بلدي طبعا 
re the malaria work you’re doing, have you considered the mosquitoes natural predators? I’m wondering whether frogs might help?
We shall be victorious.
I need a Windows computer, could you give me one?

Q?? Do you take action ($) to help here with American issues?I appreciate the work your foundation accomplished but it seems you’ve left out America~and we are drowning.
In trying to make the world a malaria free, conducive for mankind; God bless you.
How was this achieved via your Foundation support?
Action taken to meet the vulnerable People in Rural areas. If same method is applied against a silent, but deadly Malaria, millions of lives will be saved2. I thought treatment of malaria on pregnant women & Babies be made free.
@Commonwealth18:I am disappointed with leadership of sub-sahara Africa. Why? Their failures 2 dedicate needed resources in eradication of malaria. Africa can boast of scientists and technologists who are contributing in their own way 2 d advancement of humanity. Why ignore them?
The World cannot win the war against malaria overnight due to poor hygiene & sanitation that exposes humans to Mosquitoes. 
Y rising Malaria death rate?
The World should focus more on cheaper access to malaria test/treatment/drugs & means to treat pregnant women with malaria.1)
I agree with you
Good job
The time is ticking for you guys the tribe of the suits, malaria isn't what is holding this planet into darkness. This planet needs justice living condition for all the lives it carries, dont play unaware & the selfish magnetic game continuesly. Expecting honesty & quick change.

World leaders and billionaires are to cooperate to eliminate the infectious and Non-infectious killers. Many are suffering with Malaria and other diseases and need support.
May God bless you always 
Sir, u r great for India
Don't forget renewable resources to help control mosquitoes.  
#BatAppreciationDay  Some bat species eat 1000 mosquitoes/day. 

People would have to be taught not to hunt them or damage the artificial habitats that are built for them to live in.
p.s.  Reforesting desert areas using vegetable trash will help make the planet more temperate.
(Using meat trash will increase parasitic infestations that also like to eat people so that's bad.)
Please all we need is for you to help us separate Nigeria for http://good.is  not working atal.president Buhari is a terrorist n corrupt
How can I work in USA?
god bless u
What’s wrong with cheap artemesia Bill? I use it and it works. Or is that the problem, it’s cheap and there isn’t so much profit in it?
منور بيل هلا
Hai
Beautiful, never give up on the voiceless and the planet in general champ
You r up against mosquitoes...that's a never-ending battle. They've existed for millions of years.
https://www.facebook.com/ramdeepak988/ 
Good.....India should also make productive effort to eradicate malaria completely
Instead of injecting chemicals to the affected ppl think of improving their immunity system ! Human/ animal body never accept chemicals ! Feed nutritional food, which will produce healthy children/healthy world ! But which might sicken pharma industries!!!
That's great 
People scream this man is some kind of savior. He's a man with too much money!
fight ‼︎
Great sir , carry on
Did you know Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Phillip have no children? There the only two together as family. God is the King. These 3 roaming in Europe with @Pontifex. I want to meet them in person.
hello Bill gates <3
That's great
This dedication makes the world beautiful .
Bill Gates  , please read this link and feel free to donate to me please, unless of course you a struggling financially and don't have a pot to piss in then I completely understand as that's the sinking boat of my life.
could you please touch deeper in the middle nowhere Indonesia Island?
Little Bill and his propaganda.
I missed the “L” the first time I read that tweet.  
Yes, haLving malaria is much better.

...great nations are for humanity first!
Nice Sir Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me  i reqst many people but no one help me
Hayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
MAN I AM USING one of your  pirated windows ....can i hhhhhhhhhh
Great work .. you think the whole world as a family .. !! People like you are the exact leaders..!!
Can i ask you something?
Kudos, and keep up with the good humanitarian work you do across the globe.
Hello, I remember again my campaign to help these boys, to have uniforms, cleats, balls, to build a space for them, since they are humble boys, so this is my way of helping them, seeking help and showing them the people who have given it, can be sure that all who contribute will
[12/4 18:43] helenzinha: Ajude esses garotos  - https://www.vakinha.com.br/vaquinha/ajude-esses-garotos?utm_campaign=whatsapp&utm_content=292801&utm_medium=website&utm_source=social-shares …
[17/4 20:39] helenzinha: Hello, I remember
Sir, You are doing amazing job! Love you!
Hhhm. Can we really eradicate malaria et al without fighting ignorance, bigotry, poverty and inequality that are all over the place?
How do you think this PV???

Drake - Nice For What https://youtu.be/U9BwWKXjVaI  @YouTubeより
Sir, it sounds like 'Syria' more than 'Malaria' as UK is a pet of US
Bill Gates go to Africa. Come home and join a fight to eradicate malaria.   Zuckerberg goes to Africa, comes back and join the fight to get these poor saps internet connection.  After seeing ppl completely and utterly poverty stricken, your concern is getting them on Facebook.
Do you think all those Chinese living in deepest Africa are having vaccinations? Or people like myself that travel extensively off the beaten track in Africa. Bill’s programme is wasteful, there much better natural solutions to prevent Malieka.
Thank you. Irradicating deadly viruses is crucial for humanity's continued existance.
Hey Bill. New to Twitter. I'm sure if you retweet my profile my product on Amazon will take off. Your Awesome 
just anger hate war
Super
I think so!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
Please do something good for poor as god has given enough money   When I was small my mother used to tell that rich countries like USA put its excess wheat flower into sea to maintain its price high while millions in Africa and all over the world died of starvation
You know it. I know it. most of us know it - but all who CAN enforce it are kinda not willing to do it: MANDATORY BIRTH CONTROL , WORLDWIDE. We must. No child must be born to die thereafter...due to disease, hunger, poverty. I chose not to have any children, no child support!
I first read this as “having malaria“. This would be much better.
Why do not you try releasing goldfish in a pond or a swamp?
When my funds are transfered?, please transfer my fund now or today to my account : 0585377265, BNI BANK, shift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, urgent , thanks
God give you a lot of money and success Please do some thing for the health of poor kids & ppl who lives in Syria and Palestine
How are you. Mr Gates. May I address? We have some sick people here in the USA, who need to be cured too. We have millions of drugadicts.  But also, we have many people suffering from so many other illnesses. We also have people from illnesses product of chemical attacks.
@10DowningStreet
Striving to make our world a better place 
Mr Bill Gates have not read my reaction? About Malaria?
@BillGates the South East & South South region of Nigeria are suffering bitterly from malaria. A sickness with high dead rate

Its a pity that you always go to the Northern region of Nigeria

It is a common treatable illness that the @NGRPresident @NGRSenate ignored

Help needed!
Neem commonly known Indian plant and its botanical name is 
Azadirachta indica is the simplest cure of malaria.
Indigenous cows of India is the second cure. 
If you rare really concerned and need help please Google the two cures I ve mentioned
You're inspiration to the marginalised! It's possible to break the chain of poverty and suffering worldwide! @BillGates
Positive deliberations with positive minded people will definately yield positive impact in the societies...Thank you Bill and Melinda Gates, Thank you UK PM.
thought it was the british Queen that headed the commonwealth show (which so annoyed Margaret thatcher back then)
This is very exciting my friend!! When great people come together great things happen
Sei un grande @BillGates
Muy bien Bill Gates yo no se si haré algo o simplemente seguiré mi vida mas tranquila de cualquier modo ocurra lo que ocurra siempre será mejor vida que no tener vida en vida un saludo
What about lovearai?
me live in calama chile , direccion: avenida regimiento #3355
Looking forward to #malariasummit tomorrow - @medshronline supporting global malaria charities and campaigns
One day I am going to meet you.
Hy mr microsoft Windows man
cool man i bet now she'll take time out of her busy schedule selling off the NHS to the highest bidder to address a public health concern
Just imagine everyone is like Bill,the world will be a better place.
Kudos to you Bill
