@Gatesfoundation
IF WE CANT ERADICATE MALARIA BY 2040 WE SEE PEOPLE STOP DYING FROM IT WITHA GENIUS @BillGates ...
Lovly
Great
I took care of an elderly lady with Alzheimer's for about 5 yrs. She was so sweet. I miss her alot. I wish someone would help me like ivecalways helped others.
Wow
Amazing creativity..!
estas son las cosas lindas de la vida y nos da la esperanza de lograr un mundo mejor. quién mejor que BG. para este reconocimiento, más que el resultado, importa el que y la intención , muy bien. saludos de  Chile.
Bạn có nhớ bạn đã tham gia Twitter khi nào? Tôi có! #NgàykỷniệmTwittercủatôi
Yes my futher Mr bill gates ihope you well in your working please iwant tolking to you so iask send me you mail ineed to sendmy imail I'm from Tanzania thanks

And she's using Windows. ;-)
I am quite sure that is a MacBook in the middle, and that is a good thing for us.
Definitely Windows on the left display:
Yes, i got that, and i believe presented it wrong. My point being, working on both platforms is a great thing to do.
Great
Intelligent girl.
Kisi se mango Matt maangna Hai to us ek GOD se maango jo sub ko deta Hai or dobara yeh nhi kehta ke Maine tujhe diya. Wo Hai jo sub ko dekhta Hai sub ki sunta Hai.
Mr.Gates my Granddaughter need help for Carroll College. Thank you
Bill gates sir help me
sounds great,very Inspiring... thanks Emma
Great!
Weapons plays Satanic Rules. Which blocks everyone to grow and move on.we have been stuck for a century now, all because someone decided to preach weapons to protect against the ones stopping then to do bad things to each http://other.how  crazy is it?A huge domino effects
Hi, 
I am only 12 years old and I have developed three applications using
@androidstudio  and I hope that you will call me soon - hope
This is my objective I have 12 years and I can programing but is awesome help people with tecnologi

Sir ,,
Medical technologies are improving day by day.....we can expect now 'life expectancy' will increase
There is hope only we can rely on
Too Smart. All the very best 
I want to have a computer device like that. but I can not afford it.
Impressive
Grait
She is a brilliant young girl. As a mother of a daughter, who started computer programming at age 8, I'm proud of Emma. Girls rock!
Hi there, your opinion please, I borrowed $12000 from a friend in Jamaica, bought 1 case Cayenne Pepper and 1 case Turmeric, sold them made 120 percent profit, I repaid  the $12000.00 with a twenty five percent interest. I had the money for 4 days. Was this a wise thing to do?
BREAST CANCER IS NOT A DISEASE YOU FIGHT NOT A DISEASE YOU KILL BUT CAN CONTAIN IT WITH THE RIGHT DRUG,AT AN EARLY STAGE &EXCRET.
Great minds don't do different things... They do same things differently...
It's a great initiative but I am worried reading this line "The app is still in development, and Yang doesn’t yet have proof that it will work." I saw such kind of project in #GSF. BTW, I too am 17 & currently into many ventures. Hope after some months, I too get noticed 
Lovely effort by young girl Emma Yang. Such genius approaches makes our world a heaven. Good Luck for future ambitions young lady. 
Many people will be benefited by this app.
Nice sir...
I'm so happy that you're so thrilled with a 14 year olds ability to create an app that helps Alzheimer patients communicate with their family. What gets me is that say are more interested in being media Stars and top of the class without real cures
My mother suffered for 5 years with Alzheimer's. I'm not in a very good mood. You could spend all your billions mr. Gate and all it will do is siphon off into the greedy hands of progressive scientist. Man is the only animal that lies
is Appreciation is enough....and that also after achieving the milestone... @BillGates Sir, u must act more wiser.
And here I am looking at memes and watching tv
Good

That's really great,it is the wonderful gift from god at this age
Really outstanding! At a very young age designing apps
Gr8 going by this little girl. I pray god to bless her with success.
Nice Emma.... And my honorable thanks to @BillGates for encouraging such talent people's.
@createregister 
check

@Spotify https://twitter.com/Arshad186/status/961842089079091200 …
she so inspiring and such a wonderful ideal!
…https://ajudaeuconstruirminhacasa.blogspot.com.br/ 
really she is so brilliant
14 years old, just brilliant! 
Truly wonderful! Check this Beautiful #Alzheimers story, completely inspiring and GRAB your tissues!
This is great...my parents are getting on and can see this being very helpful! KUDOS to Emma!
That's awesome...
Really Great Work, hope I can make something like this
It's good initiative
14岁就能开发app，确实挺厉害的
If you #Need #Graphic #Designer
Very well May Allah Bless this girl
That is good work ....
nice
Absolutely curable it holds parallels to incarnating as a human and losing sight of the nature of who we truly are as angelic souls having this physical experience. Teaching offers us opportunities IN blossoming. The universe always mirrors back our energy 
Luke11:8...NeverTheLess When The Son Of Man Come WillHeFind TheFaith In TheEarth_ReVealation22:10-14 HeWho Is Unjust_LetHim Be Unjust Still, He Who Is Filfty Let Him Be Filfty; HeWho Is Righteous Let Him Be Righteous Still; HeWho Is Holy LetHim Be Holy Still
With your word-of-mouth support & thousands of retweets/likes, it's a bit surprising that her crowd-funding campaign fizzled out ... why is that?

I would love to see an end to alzheimer's as we know it. My Grandmother Had Alzheimer's disease and it is hereditary in our family.
Very good

Additionally, older individuals, which are the most predisposed to developAlzheimer’s, have a harder time adapting to technology. Will they now have to be trainined to use iPhones? Just some thoughts but a potentially good idea. Great progress, thank you!
Hi Emma, very admirable indeed. However, one question I have as an Alzheimer’s disease is; if a person is at a state of memory decline where they can’t recognize faces, how will they know how to get on a phone and open an app to recognize a face?
Very impressive
http://www.life-echo.co.uk 
Way to go @emmayang78 !
So like a social media enclosed to only your family, with facial recognition..
My name is Brayan Orozco, my cousin, Jonathan, and I have an idea that we would like to propose and sell to you. It's a bit of a crazy thing to remember that big companies are born of crazy ideas, believe us, they will not regret please follow me for a possible contact
Thank you
Please Bill, I heard you from the benefactors  +212629810258
She's still yung she's far from that but how??
can you buy me an iphone 8 plus rose gold 156 gb
That is a really good way to help people
MASTER IN EDUCATION 
MA POLITICAL SCIENCE
MA URDU ...
BUT STILL JOBLES
pakistan 0092354009992

How about you develop an App Bill that bridges the connection between #Alzheimer's & the toxic-nano-particulate chemical aerosol assaults occurring daily that results in heavy metals penetrating the blood-brain barrier & accumulating to cause the illness? No? #CHEMTRAILS #Health
But how will the patients remember how to use the app?
my name is Andres Machado, my brother and I have an idea which could revolutionize your social media. If you give us the opportunity, we would like to get in touch with you and share it. Thank you very much for your attention and hoping to hear from you soon.
Nice
What an inspirational young woman.
question is, do you love America? How about the BILL GATES foundation for AMERICAN VETERANS, or is that too AMERICAN? You do not impress me.
Dear bill Alzheimer's is great isn't it helps depopulation how's the Gmos? The vaccinations or sterilisation of India people? Traitor to humanity
Mr. @BillGates,
I am ecstatic to see that you have pledged to donating $100 Million to #Alzheimers research. 
We're a growing nonprofit that is trying for the same goal, we would love to have you be apart of our team and help donate to our coast to coast bike ride to #ENDALZ
Bill Gates さん

I love stories like this… ◯◯ is developing an app to help bridge the #gap between #Alzheimer's patients and their loved ones.

Thank you very much.

#Microsoft #BillGates
Thanks Mo. Everyone gets a forgetful sometimes. FYI, I sent a tip a few years ago to the @CIA to say their boss DHP is an Alzheimer's suspect. He reminded me of Frodo getting snake bit. I appreciate your skepticism & I second that. Rhodey's like Samwise:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwYO_4VFAYU&index=11&list=PLhbrey4IerSA8xUQepzxjjvYMAJ4H_Nrd …
I'm like Asfaloth and ShadowedFacts.
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhbrey4IerSB6lUeth9MKbcPAPU09Qv3r …
The past is behind, learn from it. The future is ahead, prepare for it. The present is here, live it.
It’s similar to a company I invested on, they’re working on apps & games, it catches my attention because the motivation’s the same, in fact this company have 6 games in app stores to help people with memory challenges, http://tapquad.com , PriMemory Games check it out!

You love all story except my dad story
Very good 
Your great sir
Wow -!
This will be even more heartwarming once the cure from Cortexyme is available.
http://www.arcfusion.org/magazine/watch/casey-lynch-%E2%80%93-it-possible-microbes-cause-alzheimer%E2%80%99s … (Phase II could use some help fwiw)


Wow. Not sure if you write your own tweets but love them. They are so inspiring
You love me
são lindas esta historias.
By the way, look what I read ... maybe you know some Researchers or Cancer Researchers for who this would a help with their Work ? Basically it is similar how I see Unconsciously from a early age on the Economy ? It is the Move of the Total Package  
Great.
We can create 10,000 jobs with 2 million euros.10,000 people do not even have bread for eating.Please help us.Our bank account number: 8249513158.

+212629810258 aide moi
Amazing
Somethings gone wrong with this country & the American dream. I worked until my lower back wouldn't allow me to work any longer. I'm now 14yrs on disability & $900 a month & going hungry. Why are so many overdosing & dying? How 1-billion break down to every person on disability.
Nice story indeed. I can't wait to hear the story about fixing security and privacy issues on Windows. But don't worry, @AppStore also have to face huge pressure from Chinese hackers, Government agencies and Lobbies. #backdoorgate
Hello sir I am Indian boy I am 4 peoples with financial week please help me one and half lakh money I need new business please help me I requested please please reply me
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
I have a business idea ..which will be fun if your open minded 
That's really AMAZING......
Help sir
Check out @faith4all143’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/faith4all143/status/960330167813070854?s=09 …
He got into his profession IT
He admired you so much
Burial Fund for Salvador Medina https://www.gofundme.com/burial-fund-for-salvador-medina?pc=tw_dn_cpgnsharemore_r&rcid=r01-151779502915-93a42f06ec204922 …

アルツハイマー病は、今では、良い治療薬は、あるけれど、心をつなぐパイプとして、お互いに何処まで歩み寄り息の合う所まで言葉を投げかけるか!が息の合う所で要約受け止め始める、それまでは、お互い傷つけ合うだろう!
http://www.hot8games.tk/2018/02/grand-theft-auto-san-andreas.html …
Thanks to sharing this MR Bill!
Awesome111
Well,now the stream remain in dark for ever is Physics higher or quantum
why Microsoft won't even encourage University level research(small)
Fantastic story! Total inspiration.
Want to let more people follow then CLOUD will be the best: http://alturl.com/56h8g 
@BillGates @FastCompany

Slt  C'est un espoir  cet adolescent est à soutenir pour le bien tous  Merci
All of us should suport young people like this. We do not inherit land from our ancestors, we borrow lan from our kids.

Do you know our product Happylegs walking machine? Our product is helping a lot of users with chronical diseases specially with Alzheimer and Parkinson in a natural way, no invasive. It is very good too under the desk at office. More information in http://www.happylegs.es . Thanks
Facebook = You realize how different you are from others. Twitter = You realize there are people who know exactly how you feel.                                                                 
#Agreet
@BillGates 
@BarackObama 
@HillaryClinton 
@SrBachchan 
@OfficeOfRG
Super sir
@dats lovely
We can hep blindpeopl's to go and come by  making centre connect  to gave thim adaraiction throw Mobil. Tie a camera on hahd for blindman &also a had fone. If he want to go out if his houses he can make calling to the centre to gave him notice while he wake
good job
Hey Mr. Gates how are you
I have a coin which is around 1450 years old and is very unique. The coin is hand made and is expensive 
Just wondering if you could help he selling this unique coin.
God bless.
I have hope knowing this world with all of the evil here is a man with so much and so many things to do take time to comment on this i wish i was half the man he is
That sounds interesting.
Mr gates.We can create 10,000 jobs with £ 2.000.000.Can you help us? Our bank account number: 8249513158
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
I pray this brilliant young lady succeeds. It is very painful to watch loved ones living with this.

#HopeIsAlive
Dear sir
May God gave you more and more sucess in your life its my pray for you dear sir.
this like impossible, and just have 14 years old
Good innovation
Revolutionary app. Helping patient
Hello Dear & Respected
Sir
I hope you are in the fine state of health & wealth. Dear sir I m very glad to send you this message becoz I m a great followers of yours . Nowadays dear sir I m very tired & tense about my jobless life. I want to some help for your side.
Countries in developing world offering cheaper, and to some minds better, care for those suffering from long-term memory loss.

Alzheimer’s patients from around the world like Thailand country for affordable, resort-style treatment better than what they’d receive at home?
really its brilliant job...
https://paypal.me/pools/c/81AqbygIqZ …
I Requested to our state/Central govt to find talente in every students

Dear Bill Gates - my NGO - International Inner wheel would love to work jointly with ur foundation on all these community programs
Me to that's ace
