Smil is absolutely right that the transition to clean energy will not happen overnight. Here is a chart showing that energy transitions can take many decades.
But I am more optimistic than he is. I think innovation—and the urgency brought on by climate change—will speed up the process when it comes to clean energy.
What we need is increased government and private sector support. Creating a zero-carbon future will take time, which is all the more reason to get started now.
Wow
I thought you were dead..
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Smil looks to be a man who speaks common sense in a world in which that is amazing.
Bill, How do find time to read books. 
Mine is Carlos Castaneda
IM NOT SPAM OR A ROBOT I JUST NEED HELP.
Wow I really like to read different books. Thanks for shared this information.

@NEHACHOURASIYA8
Bitcoin can be dangerous for future life on earth concentration of assets in few hands . A future reality , life can be in danger to see concentration in a few hands .
If the asset Bitcoin it not used there is no economic growth. Traditional banking looks to help all life Philanthropic
I wish more attention could be directed to Stockton schools. I work at Stagg and I would like to see more improvements in the classrooms,More technology in the classroom and more opportunities period.
Reading books a very good habit...But sometimes we should also try to read our own mind..by just meditating and thinking peacefully about our inner self, sub-conscious MIND. Our presents, past & future at one go. Our basic aim of life. The world, UNIVERSE,the hidden you,your soul
Bravp
thank you very much
Smil is rich minded a major  reason for Bill's financial balance

Remember when many discounted solar and wind energy as marginally helpful. Being optimistic is not Pollyannaish. Technology improves.
DaàsaßsaAà
SSsA
One day I’ll have more time to read Bill I miss it a lot since my life got so busy. Thanks for reminding me of the simple pleasures of life.... Enjoy your evening
For poor people they cannot even make a living, how could they protect our environment?@Bill
37 books...Please recommend the book for a “beginner”. Thx.
Je connais pas sameste 
???
Almost 37 books WOW!!!
What one generation accepts, the following expects, the next demands.  Gen Z will be the generation that will demand the change to alternative energy.
Thanq.
Interesting.
Very interesting article which I enjoyed reading. Thanks for the advice, I had never heard of Vaclav Smil before. I have order two of his books to read. I look forward to reading them.
Good to go @vaclav smil Courtesy of Gates
We can increase the resourcesful knowledge to the chagrin of the world we live in
Pode sim,ser acelerada desde que, os cidadãos do mundo se conscientizem, do micro ao macro espaço!Necessitamos de educação, cultura, formação e capacitação para o verdeiro empoderamento cidadão! Infelizmente, os Gestores Públicos, não investem nessas necessidades prementes!
PLEASE WRITE IN ENGLISH  #THAN #K YOU!!!!!
متجيب مليون دولار يسطا ونبى مفطرتش من امبارح 
Right and we are certainly at the infection point in case of solar energy.

Well done sir. Good initiatives. Good focused.
well that good
We absolutely need Essential Energy to control our Environment and maintain Good Health.
https://blockchain.info/payment_request?address=17mANERG4kgE3gqhMEaXNxFdLMrcNUfj1W&amount=1&message=Please …
Hi
You are my role model please! How I wish we share a table before I leave this planet??????
Great sir
@BillGates @NewsfromScience
Most of cities facing acute challenge as the streets and Main Roads are filled with concrete asphalt and cement.... Think there should be a living population limit from 2020... So that everything can be spread out and distributed .Govt. &the Corporation Shud work it out amicably
His first book was published in 1976 and if you'd bought it and then read all the following ones in sequence, the world would have been spared lots of bad software. You'd be less rich, of course.
Very nice
U are not only genius
you are blessed by God BillGate your the joy in our generation
Thank you for this post. Very interesting read.
Thank you, will try to find one and read
alllahu akbar allahu akbar waxaan ku faraxsanahay lacagta farah badan. ee laqabtay run aahantii  lavagtan waxaa loogu talo galay in lagu burburiyo
Good one admired
nice
Really genius
M Bill ,pour moi vous etes toujours un grand homme.en tout cas votre place est reserve au paradie
nice sir
Indeed, a sooner energy efficient world is must !
Hi Bill........I think and think strongly & firmly believe that you should have been the President of America.......by not doing so....America has lost 5 years of progress as per present status......A real entrepreneur like you should Lead the Nation .....cheers 
Ha!   Progress is now.  8 years lost under zero!
clean energy efficiency is key
Kudos to Smil for the Great work n Contributions 
#sscscam
If we reign in all wasteful consumerism, our energy needs will drop down. Clean energy can never meet the entire demand with unabated consumption

I heard much about you in the media. For someone like with fame and wealth to admiration for your source of knowledge is an unimagined humility.
Good luck with increased govt support.  We have an EPA Administrator and a President who deny that climate change is real.
Mr. Gates would the knowtion to harvest storm energy ever catch ?. Would the USA ever see a thunderstorm as sustainable ? If at the same time defence from the tornado ?. The SWSS is Severe Weather Suppression Systems as sustainable as the thunderstorm.
Nothing will sustainably change until we focus on  "low-carbon" generation only and shift pollution from one place to another by fake richman's gadgets like electric cars.Think full lifecycle of energy options! Nuclear is a low-carbon alternative available now.
Quiet and resourceful the perfect balance!
Ok
thank you for sharing your enthusiasm for vaclav smil. i respect and admire what you and melinda do, so i'll certainly look into smil.
Really he is best author .
I suspect that the shift to non-carbon based energy will fail and in reality the 4th era of power consumption will be based on a lowering of social expectations of power availability. In short this might be as good as it got in the history of power.
How to my country Indonesia?

woouh
He is great!
We have to rework GDP to mean gross resources product or GRP & the production possibility’s frontier to reflect the resources possibilities frontier. That’s where a beginning can be made.
Mr Gates - how do I get you a copy of my book. With your interest in Heatlhcare I think you will like the book and all the supporting data.
wow
Eeeozcpf end
OH rigid gpo
But I am Listening firest time from you about him, unfortunately mostly people don't know him,and his legendary columns !!
Billionaire of billionaires.
     Nothing impossible
We appreciate Vaclav too. Hope you’re reading his regular column in @ieeespectrum https://spectrum.ieee.org/author/vaclav-smil …
The demand for energy is continuously increasing with ever increasing multi media devices and ever powerful computers that are necessary to run resource hungry applications. 
International cooperation at the highest level is required to restrict energy to be used with care.
ALSO IT NEEDS TO START NOW WE'RE ALREADY BEHIND THE FIX 
I’m reading the Bible now
wonderfull time for everboday, smile is everthing
The rich keep reading to learn; to them, education and learning is life long. While in contrast the poor stop learning after graduation from school.
#Readership #KeepLearning #Development #ReTweet #BitsInsights
The reverse is not true!
Let's have a talk +2348038938912.
Science is king, I think investing more in renewable energy won't be a bad idea.
Insight summary. We have a long way to go.
@BillGates I love Samuel Smiles books too you should try them. Character, self help and many more
Mr Gates, I have a few ideas for clean energy generation. If you would be willing to put me in touch with someone with investment capital who cares and daydreams about this subject as much as I do, I would greatly appreciate it.
Thanks dear but my request is to get a job in your company if possible my dear. Am in Uganda east Africa, looking for a job in your company email address Kawaidaahmed@gmail.com

Hi
P
Very interesting article. Which Smil book would you recommend to someone new to his work?
Which is why #bitcoin's Proof of Work model will ultimately become an index for how decentralised future energy production is becoming. The ultimate goal being the capacity for each human to produce enough excess energy to contribute to securing their monetary network.
Really
That's fantastic Smil..
Yes, Sir, I have also his books but unfortunately not as much as you had read.
Thank you for this recommendation
bill gates sahab plz help me
评论大佬动态，提高知名度，晚安
As always Mr.Gates Excellent Work
SOLAR Enegy will be future of the world!
@habiba_its
Atomic or nuclear power generation is somehow barely considered in this article. Energy density considerations are still important. If this technology was rushed in development 50 years ago why not look at it again with modern technology and goals.

take few minutes to read quran and Hadith.happy night.
He was in the film “Surviving Progress” based on the book “A Short History of Progress” by Ronald Wright. Both quite good. Recommend it to anyone who hasn’t watched or read respectively.
Yeah that's good to hear from you I too used to read that but I didn't complete yet, so again I like to start this 
sir you r very much smart man & interested
Smil is correct, he says that what we consume and use is at the bottom of the problem but you want your life to be and you don’t want to change. Taking technology still means using plastics and will you give up tech to make a change in the future
Sir, I think that you should read "the monk who sold his ferrari" by robin sharma. It's really helpful for the people like you, who are following hectic and busy schedule. It's really amazing book sir.
Mr. Bill help him in an assault that you suffered,in montañita ecuador(octopus ship), work for you the following years ,I run out of money and how to check the work, address is in chile country, calama city, avenida regimiento # 3355,atacama houses ,can you help me personally?
I was a recipient and still enjoys up till present the kindness of alibaba founder jack ma when he took over scmp and gave free access to its publications online .imagine if education for poor all over d globe could be done same way with you and melindas great vision of sharing
Hi bill .millions of  children would love to have d opportunity to read good books too as you do and educate themselves .unfortunately does not have d means.can you spare your billions maybe thru your philanthropic works give d  poor  access thru internet  opportunity too to read
Bill, help you in an assault octopus ship, montañita ecuador ,Can you help me personally?work for you as an agent , live in calama city chile country, avenida regimiento address # 3355 ,sector of atacama houses , I have no money and my work forgotten,can you help me please?
@BillGates
It's true
Go to "The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation" on the internet and find out how to make a proposal.

We absolutely need Essential Energy to control our Environment and maintain Good Health. Ironically, we worry more about other Planets when it's necessary to Conquer this Planet by reducing the Crises of Hurricane, Tornadoes, Blizzards, & Flooding. Wise Energy  @PAPAWELLNESS1

Great action Sir...Nice.
Energy and Civilization: A History (MIT Press) Hardcover – May 12, 2017 
by Vaclav Smil (Author) is now on my books to read!  It would be great to know more about the various forms of power generation.
With all due respect, if you're interested in knowing more about the various forms of power generation you should visit your local library and browse the engineering section.
Agreed.  A library or  book store is likely to have books outlining the current power generation technologies.
@JOXRoundtable humble brag! Bill is the goat tho!
Nice Sir Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me i reqst many people but no one help me i rqst many people but no one help me
lets put our interest all to help one another and save the future generation where we all have to come backso lets make it with general  interest and love for the world and ourselvesjust give thanks to those who are already planting the seed for oneself  and all
#energy
Thank you for the recommendation x
As most know batteries hold the key to future energy x
Photosynthesis... Plant/tree maybe?
Very nice
Great action sir
Such an interesting article. Thanks.

Incredible article and fascinating insights from Smil. Particularly his remarks about the Chinese are "trying to out-America America." Most disheartening is that renewable energy mix is 1% still after considerable promotion. #realism #Smilism #technooptimist @voooos
Sir I also want to serve in your gates foundation. Could you give me chance?
He is fantastic! About progress, health, and environment
Hey @BillGates unless you're doing something to #GetMoneyOutOfPolitics, we don't care!
Writers are the hidden0.l
Writers are the future guide of any country
But isn't Smile ignoring that Germany also shut down half of its nuclear power plants when he says that building 90GW of renewables hasn't helped reducing emissions? Instead he blames the weak Sun at those latitudes ...
Considering that nuclear power plants don't generate emissions, and were a minority power source, your question does not appear rational.
Thanks. I'm going to start reading his thinking.
Czech. Nice!
Me and u
@JMPyper Good article
T-rex in Jurassic Park Main Theme by John Williams 쥬라기 공원 ジュラシック・パーク :wa... https://youtu.be/cR7erYmO0m8  @YouTubeより
ТЕПЕРЬ САМОЕ ГЛАВНОЕ УСПЕТЬ...)
Mass use of Solar energy and electric cars is around the pricing corner. I will be moving to an electric car followed by some sort of solar use on my home. #ElectricVehicles are the next wave that has already started.
How clean are electric cars when the electricity to power them is from burning coal? Not to mention the environmental impact of peoducing/disposing of the cars battery. Electric cars are a "feel good" story for the driver.
Most electricity in the US now comes from cheaper, cleaner natural gas rather than coal. https://www.afdc.energy.gov/vehicles/electric_emissions.php … car batteries are expected to last +500k miles before they are reused then recycled.
One of ours too, @billgates. Totally different world out there from what consumers see. His notes on the energy consumption of steel production...mind blowing ! (also his book on existential risks over the next XX years).
