Sharing thoughts on two decades at @Microsoft as I begin my next chapter. Thank you #Windows #Surface #Xbox & #HoloLens fans. Thank you @satyanadella @billgates & @steven_ballmer for incredible opportunities & memories for a lifetime. #Microsoft https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/thank-you-21-years-onto-next-chapter-terry-myerson/ …
when work friends become real friends. 
Just got diabetes from a Diet Coke tweet.
Taking a page from the Dems playbook of of distortion one might well ask 'Gee, Bill, with all your money why don't you buy your own Diet Coke?'
Jesus Christ. Wtf is wrong with you.
U r one of my favourite personality @BillGates sir 
#aspartame is poison
Gn
OK also interested in Diet cokes hangouts Bill, is my offer accepted?
@Microsoft lots of love from india
@BillGates 
I want to meet you and get to know more about you one day
...good times always make better memories!
Sir I need job
Hello sir I am from pk .in future i become a politician. Please sir finanselly help me contact no 03211505025 
Email Nadeem32202@gmail. Com
You should have taken Nadella along. . Wonderful mobile os. . Wrong targeted customers. . Ignored Indian market. Low specification phones
Watch diet cokes unless you can confirm the false sweeters do not  impact on your health.
regards Bernadette Brown
Go
Tio Bill é o cara!
Hey Bill, as a huge msft user, investor, and fan, I miss my windows 10 phone experience. Let's win!!!
Well
Helo sir, i am from bali indonesia and I need an investor for my chicken farming. Who knows you are interested sir, thank you.
What about a bank? Have you thought of it?
I have borrowed at the bank but i have trouble paying each month. Ther is one building that is affected bay abrasion that should be able to generate to sopport the payment and i can not borrow at the bank again because it does not have enough guarantee
Bill, buy the gun manufacturers and discontinue making assault rifles for civilians. Make all guns with smart handgrips. Fund buyback programs for all assault rifles. Save lives. Please
God bless you and your family for such good work Mr Bill Gates.
Thanks for everything! @tmyerson
Man my short term is shot and the ribbon changes are messing with my dementia side.....no joke#concussions
Nobody is ever "too busy" if they're interested they'll make time.
Am ur new follower, really feeling proud to follow u...  Such a simple man.... 
Microsoft No.1(￣∀￣)

Bill plz come back to Microsoft. Xbox lost its way as a hardcore gaming platform.
thank god hes gone, he destoryed windows, he destoryed xbox, good riddens, phil is our god
Great stuff! Please start an institute in Appalachia Ohio! Nelsonville Ohio! Hocking College!
MICROSOFT proposed acronym by wordware...
Wow it will be gr8 to see it
I will you 
So grate man
Bill gates you holp mee
Verry lacy main nice
Hollo hii
Follow
Wow.  Thanks also much for windows 10 and I look forward to Rome, Polaris and Andromeda all of which I suspect had Terrys imput
@zacbowden
Sir, you came to Nigeria and you can't even say hi to me
@Microsoft @satyanadella @Steven_Ballmer
Errata: Dear Bill. You are a role model for me. It would be amazing, in order to help creating a more equallitarian world, to seek world legislation which promotes companies that earn +100 M/yr to share 10% above that 100, equally with all their employees.
Bom dia que Deus abençoe seu dia.
Congrats
 cheer's 
Happy Friday
can I get a job? Please.
To  me
Thanks Bill
Diet coke causes cancer Bill. Hey can u talk to Phil S a d get some real xbox only 3xclusive games before a bunch of us bail from xbox??
I think ur copy my president way to anounce...something good onli..why u nt looking about broken home people loosers people drugs people..all a bad thing..hey can u donate me ur laptop..i need like alienware or Xbox one ..please Xbox is ok
Nice sir Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me i  rqst many people but no one help me
thank you for everyone。

Bill, Diet Coke is not good for you! Have you and your wife thought about how you can help this country ????
You clearly haven’t seen what all Bill has done. Be a little more optimistic.
I'm talking about the United States. Here. Now. Trump is killing us.
Yeah because the US needs help when there are third world countries that @BillGates would rather help eat a meal than us that have an established economy and the ability to turn a knob and have running water.
We are headed in that direction
It would be nice if Microsoft would quit doing what has irritated so many of its users over the last 28 years. Releasing products that are not ready to be released expecting users to fix the problems to sucking up all the resources of new hardware. Your customers are sick of it.
Thank you for the last update of windows destroying Photoshop on my surface pro. The pen does not work correctly anymore once you zoom one image...
I like you very much
As a shareholder thank you for a great job. Best wishes.
I would also love to share a coke with you God on earth @BillGates
Bill don't get mad but I'm phoebe boyfriend
#boycottRoseanneonABC
@BillGates hello! Sir. I would like to be a successful man like you. What should i do according to the nature of my country? I'm from Tanzania in Africa
Good
Greetings Sir,wish to work with you so throught you i will be like her because i know what i can do.just need ur help,need a vibrant,smart, good looking,honest,and passionate young lady like me.that is ever willing to work. Please try me.
Greatest reward for an employee is not  experienced while he/she is in the line of duty. It is during the exit, through the ‘value and respect’, shown by the employer. BG - you take the lead in every possible walk!!
My appreciation to him is still more efficient than some of the poor families in poor families and give them a good chance
I think i will start drinking diet coke just like you Bill
Can you share some internship with me? No? Ok. I will drink fat milk shake sitting jobless, anyway nothing will changes, then why drink diet drinks? #Surface #Xbox #HoloLens - never hear of them, only XP is awesome.

I'll think but it's my time and seriously you wasted a lot of time.
Thanks for your generosity @BillGates.
Big up Diet Coke too.
So this means with Mr. Myerson leaving you will have an open position.  I’m more of a Linux guy but I’ve done plenty of exploitation with Powershell.
Maybe you won't drink Diet Coke when you know the health risks.
This is bubble trouble.
We are greatful gor the work you do the change Africa.
Diet Coke?  Who’s the person u are referring to?
Ugh, aspartame...
Bill, @RonnyJacksonMD says no more than 12 diet cokes daily #Veterans #Mentalhealth #reality
Bill, read Dr David Perlmutter's views on diet drinks...or his many leading doctor friends...hydrate with green tea...or pure water...the world needs you !!!
Hey Bill great to see you tweet as I thought you were dead! It's a miracle!
Bill you need to tell Phil will need new Xbox ips GoW and Halo are lackluster at best now
Am Your Big Fan Sir. 
@BillGates Congratulation
Hello rich men you are so lacki GOD blessings you mist Will
Good day Mr Bill Gates can you please share with me your life experiences and how you manage your biggest business and the tactics you used long back to achieve like this,looking forward for your feedback thank you
Google Facebook twitter amazon your next Bill
Give me a few sips too, dear Billy..
من تویت رو باز نکرده گوشی ام هنک کرد و خاموش شد وبعدش پیامی نبود
Congratulations to Myerson.
Bill you and Melinda derserve The Nobel Peace Prize.
Other soft drinks are available. . . .
من تویت و باز نکرده گوشی ام هنک کرد وبعدش پیامم نبود
من تویت و باز نکرده کرده گوشی ام هک کرد خاموش شد و بعدش دیگه پیامم نبود
Hey Bill, can I have Terry's job now that it's vacant? :)
I like you because you are simple
There is chapters after Microsoft?
Beautiful
Good sir
Kim loại màu rượu màu ngon nhất hành tinh chúc ngài mạnh khoẻ nhận tư vấn không cần kính ! Hi !
Mr. Gates, I'm an African and I want to know why you love to help Africa
Because you are so cute and poor and it is easy to make you happy, it can be enought only $500 and one bag of rice. But if hepling for one rich american you need $1m and any way it will ask: "Where is also brand new Tesla, Richy? "
Shut up and take Bill's funds!
Hhhhh.
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

By God's grace, I can Write, Act & Direct such type of Movie.

Wish you & your family a great health and happiness.

Bill, why are you drinking #aspartame? Please switch to seltzer!
अबे कब तक लौंडो जैसी हरकत करते रहोगे, पतंजलि जूस पिया करो बे
You two are insane. Not a big fan of Microsoft in the gaming scene but i can't deny you are some of the greatest innovators of your time. Your friend would be proud of how far you've come. Rest his soul.
I respect you for what you do sir.
Don’t spread the love. Spread the wealth. #paytaxes
Careful Bill. The aspartame and the Carmel coloring agents are carcinogenic! Your smarter than that!
nO dIet cOke...I read somewhere regular coke is way better than diet 
God Bless you Sir.
Bill thanks for your hard work and for making the world better place for living.
Nice Work....
coca cola super jump
señor bill yo fui quien lo ayudo en un altercado que tubo en montañita ecuador , en el barco octupus luego trabaje para usted , pero esta como desconocido y no lo puedo comprobar, ayúdeme por favor, para corroborar que trabaje para usted ¿puede? , hice trabajos importantes a ud
You are doing great, keep it up
The year was ended, still my hundi is nothing got from u mr @BillGates ... Why? Are send send through @Paytm 
@TheTweetOfGod
I built the new hacking software that everyone not hack ..

#sunnyleone
with pleasure Diet Cokes kosher.
#spoilers that "diet" coke will kill you Bill.
Hi Bill, I know you are extremely busy, but I would like to ask you a question. Thank you for you consideration and all you are doing. Love to you and yours.
Hey please help about our charity organisation we are looking forward to change street kids future by starting a charity organisation through some thing like football academies to keep them together to help them looking for some people who can help them with shelter water.
I will have a Doctor Pepper with you.
microsoft windows 10 is best but  change in the   when open direct the. window explore then why open the. recent files   these makes a. windows open. and make. a privacy during file work
Love you sir!
Oh,Very Nise.
#Ali
Great ...
love u  @BillGates
Love you sir
i love u
