Thank you for sharing.
Ur the best in network
Very grateful for you and your wife’s commitment to making the world a better place!
This is shocking! Thank you, Mr. Gates
I  w/my #dyslexic child everyday that everyone will do more 2 tackle the current #literacy #epidemic in the US + globally. One primary skill necessary 2 acquire knowledge + prevent future epidemics IS literacy so we must eradicate #illiteracy NOW.@realDonaldTrump @DyslexiaIDA
.@BetsyDeVosED @usedgov @JCollettOSERS @ED_Sped_Rehab @CivilRights @MassGovernor @SenWarren @MassEducation @MASchoolsK12 @mmoriarty61 @massteacher @AFTunion @nashobarsd @NashobaSEPAC @dyslexiaumich @BDAdyslexia @CNN @FoxNews @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @PBS @WCVB @AllyNBCBoston

Symptoms include: Bulging eyes, hair turning orange and jazz hands.
Help me help you help the world reduce tens of billions of dollars and duplicated medical research with this new system
Mr. Gates,thank you very much
Sometimes you just need to put faith in God with God nothing is impossible and I believe prayer is strong it binds you to God. And I don't know what you believe in but miracles happen everyday so we may not be ready but God knows the outcome..

You're very inspiring sir
I respect u bill
To face future challenges, we can not sit on old solutions. We need to be creative, innovative and be ready to #unlearn old & outdated solutions. #Unlearning is the key. #kamekish from India is ready to talk about new ways of solving emerging problems. I agree Sir - be ready.
By the way, did you ever have your children inoculated -- vaccinated?
Thank you again for giving the @MassMedical @NEJM Shattuck lecture and inspiring us all. Speaking for my fellow doctors, we're ready to help!
Tens of billions of year with a quantum advancement on money spent
McGill IDE has a great plan to fight against it
Of your work & strategy.  Applies to many of the other wealthy non profit "social impact" trillions that are fueling the supervirus. Yes my friend, your trillion dollar problem is much bigger than you realize, yet do ppl ever change?  That is all I'm here to show the world about
Passive racism has definenlty ridden its course.  People are ready for it and are showing it by making it worse and empowering white supremacy in America.  This is the worst epidemic in history.  400 years of slavery and 400 years our captors accept & normalize our  treatment
Hi bill.  My hydro bill was a surprise yesterday.  They apologized for accidentally cutting off my heat for few months in the winter.  They refunded me back about 10 dollar or so but then taxed it and I was left with like seven dollars.
Broad spectrum antivirals may be a key part of pandemic preparedness like tecovirimat under FDA review this week
We must be well prepared for the Next Pandemic with Fundamental Behavior Modifications. The KEY is: "Active Participation in Your Own Health Improvement Every Day"  There is No Substitute for Immune   Activation with Therapeutic Lifestyle Modifications. Be Aware  @PAPAWELLNESS1
Bill Gates, Do you play Xbox ? Wich gme do you prefer?
What I love most about this article is the stats on how vaccines have saved millions of lives. Hope it opens at least one anti-vaxxers eyes to the truth!
@LeonKnight_ 
Please RT !!!!!!

@mandy_ava take a look...#CRISPR
I saw you and Melinda on 60 minutes last night and bravo to you both. What a legacy.  Thank you both from the bottom of my heart. I pledge to do more in my community.
Pollution, Population, and wrong Perception epidemics
Even we are too late to cure cancer and too smart to use Chemo.
Vainity from the ones who should be doing the most, os the biggest epidemic we will ever encounter.  Standing on the sidline watchimg soceiocomic terrorism thrive & fueling carrers of people with no remorse for deconstruction of humanity is going to be worse than tje flu in 1913
You never address racism like it doesn't even exist Or is a problem.  The disconnect from reality by billionaires calling themselves philanthropists and running non profits has caused an epidemic in itself for black america.  Probably everywhere else in the world, just as bad
There are more concerning issues of how this country and many other are resembling "cannibalist culture" I talked about the supervirus that philanropists end up aiding but, its been pretty evident you are proving this theory true.  Not just with this post, but the last 10 years
Seems 100% of your efforts are targeted at preserving and saving life's as if there are no problems/diseases/terror threats with the way humans are living their lives.  Mental conditions from the top of the most wealthy influential & powerful ppl all the down to the bottom
$$$ Can think of money as a friend who will share $ with you if U find good employ 4 it,him,her/dividend paying stocks, bonds etc...More to do more with///thanks for your efforts on all fronts.
Hello William how are you today
U r great
Hie
As the time comes,That is!Good Morning,Sir!
Dear @BillGates you are awesome but your failing successor @satyanadella is not at all. No one in @Microsoft responded to my calls to stop @Windows 10 from crashing, but I found and disabled the #culprit Connect User Experience and Telemetry service. Please #firesatyanadella
How dose bill know there will be an epidemic ..... how are those poor Indian girls doing bill after you and your wife got your hands on them !!!

Thank you for your generosity @BillGates you've done what governments haven't been able to do and help humans instead of blowing them up in war
We need to start BLOCKING overpopulation, not help it spread.
Yeah i see
If a pandemic occurs in the Asian region, is there enough vaccine?
And do you think the cost of the vaccine will be higher than the cost of the current vaccine?

Sorry I am not good at English.
素晴らしい言葉です。
Yes. I believe in your thesis. Would you please have a look at http://erythra.com . It is a new Delaware Inc.
nice move
If we improved the ability to work from home, it would reduce public transport exposure.
AND FOR THE FOLLOWING CATACLISM?
I'll STUDY & FIND A CURE ... MY DADDY A SCIENTIST & I'M A #GENIUS 
We need a different way of thinking and looking into our challenges.
Step #1 for dealing with health and science related issues - get rid of the parasite.
The next epidemic is #btc and #cryptocurrencies and it is already here. I am sorry you did not get vaccinated.
Please use your current investment power in STL to help solve the uranium waste issue in the St. Louis metro area... So many people from StL have died of cancer & so many others have had children with birth disabilities...
The next epidemic is WE THE PEOPLE PACK YOU TO GITMO
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
Globally, people could speed diagnosis by using something like http://www.VideoDiagnosis.com  Bill. All we have to do is set it up !
Yes,I think so,too.
Morning Bill.
#BBNaija 
God has come.....
#QAnon
True we need to stop trump epidemic or should I call him CANCER???
Absolutely enjoyed your article! Yes we have to wake up and act! Thank you for all you and your wife do!
LIKE WE DID/DOING FOR CLIMATE CHANGE?
Can I please have a dollar
Medications will not help without knowledge. Knowledge needs a mind. No mind is unconscious. Consciousness is the only thing that can belong to you always and everywhere. For the consciousness is the prime cause of everything.
People are ruled by fear, hunger and sex. Combinations of these feelings run man. And only a virtue above all else. 
.. more details: http://inet.livejournal.com/135847.html  
Sucker I never wast my time and rest hell care about it,just put in whatever I have got and squeeze everything ...
you're amazing
Please donate so I see my daughter graduation in Washington dc
You're a modern day Jesus, thank you.
run for president   america needs to be made honest again   you can do it
Soon we all going to died

this planet is already over-populated...
@BillGates Mr Gates while we prepare for this I ask for your help in sharing and celebrating Today it’s  I LOVE ME DAY April 30! Are you aware that a major problem Worldwide is a great number of people rich poor or famous Don’t LOVE Themselves?Thanks for your help! Blessings
Scary.
thank you for sharing things that matter
No, we have enough problems
I still want to know money secret

Hire me. I’ll stop it.
Dear @BillGates :  We would like to apply our technology to infectious disease.  See http://www.neximmune.com  

Dan Bednarik PhD
http://fiverr.com/mourinafrose992/do-building-2d-planning-3d-designing-and-estimation … … i provide interor ,exterior design structural design & estimation service here. to get these service in ur budget knock me here..#mystery #Rohingya #UNSC #SecurityCouncil #Myanmar #Australia #MondayMotivation #InternationalJazzDay #BachelorInParadiseAU
MR Gates je veux bien essayer votre pillule
Prepare for the worse like a virus that’ll transform our DNA and make us into mutants or zombies. Will Cas 13 identify that alien? Our internal monitoring sys should be reinforced by a micro processor which will also attract the alien and redox it- I know you’l love this idea 
How about that ????
Via education or by what means ?

My real life Hero bill gates. Love sir 
Sir I need job can you help
人类需要你
When someone like me presents solutions and strategy for humanity, you do not ignore them like everyone else.
When you talk about an epidemic or catasthropy, be aware that 97% of $350b a year in non profit donations are fueling a result Trump by not addressing the objective of what they claim.  It is purely input, output energy.  Obama proved America can't do it alone, or doesn't want to
If you think this whole Donald Trump thing is a mix up.  You are horribly wrong and reactions by the most powerful influential financers of social impact are still getting wrong.  The scientifical equation is that the passive incognicent opposition od Trump is only fueling him
But doesn't singnal the world is a place to be optimistic about because the most threatening problems do not apply to you & you have a life, expontially fulfilled with pro activity of your desire.  While ppl of integrity are living with reduced quality of life exponentially
The counter responses to this one of many systemic dehamization strategies is not adressing real problems 99% of the world is facing.  I understand you have a perfect great life with your family friends and colleges and do many fun enjoyable things you may be addicted to.
Social media will prevent the lives of the most venurabal from ever trying to use their minds for socioeconomic successes and quality of life and equality.  While it will lead the most privilege and resourceful people to distance their meaning of life from humanity

Did you see Cabin Fever on Netflix? I did yesterday with a friend. Thats an epidemic. The only guy who was taking care of his virus. Was the strongest in health.  <~~ duh. Lol!
आदरणीय श्री बिल गेट्स जी को प्रणाम
we respect your decisions
…My parents were been having diarrhea for days
In this village in Transylvania are currently living 7 people I want to buy and renovate traditional houses and to make them available to those who want to visit these unique areas.thank you if you participate with a donation.https://www.gofundme.com/transilvania 
A viris tv
You are great sir
Sir I need your help for funding to start a fertilizer blending plant in Nigeria for $10 where can l share the feasibility studies with you?l have been frustrated by funding .
kek tai bekicot
Good

Thanks @BillGates  for sharing...
Please sir, help someone to eat today. Please, no money to even buy food.
Have a CRISPR kit at one's disposal?

Or have my immune system?
Some one here needs to eat. No money.
That was wonderful, Mr. Gates!
This message is very embarrassing to name it. I am very desperate to need a $ 3,000 debt to lose my job.
This is my only choice. If anyone does not help me and the banks do not give credit, you help me.
I will be grateful to you if you help me, and I will pay my debt.
Be in control

The Epidemic Why are they Existing? Something from Natural, Something from human Being. From Natural, they are Natural Destroying; And From Human being, Some Can Curing and Some need Cut Origin Then Curing.  All Solution inside or Outside!
Check place where risk of diseases and tell them that be careful
من يصنع الفايروسات
Be careful of your games coming up in xbox
Our epidemic in Sudan is cyanide, mercury, hepatitis, kidney failure and cancer
You ready cause you creating it
@BillGates I am Ahmed Kobersy from Aleppo in particular.I am a young man in the first stage of building my future.I was wondering about u and how U earned this wealth because this subject is a great obstacle for me.I am very frustrated.Where do I start and how?I wish u help, 
Hope you all truly research Gates! Apparently he's into genocide via vaccines. Has taken it upon himself and a committee to decide who lives and who does.  Are you genetically superior enough to make his list of those who live?
Love u sir you're my idel
Good day, TGIM.

