#NewPower is out April 3! Get your copy now https://amzn.to/2G3zu2w 
New power sounds good
Thanks but I send him many email but no reply, may be he don't have time to read our emails but thanks for believing in me and I promise my idea will help you and create a world of equality, poverty free and discrimination free.
Will be sure to read.
Help Biafra from Nigerian government,
We Biafra are asking for referendum
May God bless you sir may you achieve ur goal.
Sir I wanna meet with you....it’s my dream...
Very impressive and motivational.
Sir God has blessed with so many riches and intelligence..i pray that my God connect me with people like u sir u are blessed .. I pray that my God protect u coz in u main pipo will Be saved
God Jeová bless you all brothers and sisters true believers and all the children of the world!In God Jeová we trust,God Jeová bless America,God Jeová bless the world!
De Jesus Cristo David revelations22;16/Apocalipse 22:16, filho de Deus Jeová, filho de José e Maria, Ericeira !
God Jeová bless you all brothers and sisters true believers and all the children of the world!
God Jeová bless America,God Jeová bless the world,in God Jeová we trust, allways!
De Jesus Christ David revelations22:16/Apocalipse 22:16,son of God Jeová-Jah-..., filho de Deus Jeová!
Indeed
New power interesting sounds..
Respect sir @BillGates
Love u sir
FFS. Give it a rest already.
Thanks but I send him many email but no reply, may be he don't have time to read our emails but thanks for believing in me and I promise my idea will help you and create a world of equality, poverty free and discrimination free.
Bill can't reply because he died in 1997. His account is maintained by an AI bot and public appearances are actually holograms.

RIP Billy G.
@ by I.G.Hall kano,  I need financial support from you to start a venture.
I am being violently raped by proxy By two cults in England I have been to the police they don't believe me. I They have had me arrested now for what they are doing I used to be a zen priest and in their cult I left years ago they have been at this since. Any ideas
Its very nice
Dear BillGates.
We like and appreciate the way you've been a great inspirational to people allover the world.
However we are a youth team from Tanzania-Africa forming a non beneficial organization named THE VITAL INCLUSIVE ORGANIZATION(TVIO).
Here asking for genuine relationship.
QUE INTELIGENCIA TIENE BILL LO FELICITO POR TANTO DESARROLLO MUNDIAL COMO LO ERA JOB SALUDOS DE ARGENTINA
Why?not your investment clean energy in develop countries benefit business building society n social networking economy.  Solar wind turbines solar panels power plant farms industrial n scoiety modern technology economy
Sweden says: " One people one world we belive in the future" Arctic Ocean race will heavily depend on private Entrepreneurship and investments:
BillaGates must read Gyan Ganga book in your life immediate to know the right way achieved the True GOAL
coll
Hope you had an amazing time in Belize 
Nice
Mr. Gates. I have my book, New Power . Thanks. Shellie Gary
HELP BILL GATES
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
viva
Hello. Sir
https://twitter.com/BuzzFeedOz/status/983310809026703361?s=20 …   or 
"They had me put on a second shirt and then stand up and like move and jump around to see how much my breasts moved."  https://www.buzzfeed.com/briannasacks/high-school-asks-teen-to-cover-nipples …
May you have good health even in 9inties . The only thing that you cant purchase.
When my funds are transfered?, please transfer my fund now or today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, my phone : 6287727310455, please support my project, urgent
Help me pursue my career.
Hello sir
Please help
Gm
Say something about book....
Lo quiero, lo necesito
mooning bill
Congrats.
Mr. Gates. Thank you so much. I will read this Book! Please read, Break Out, by Pastor Joel Osteen. You will love this BOOK,(Please) Sincerely, Shellie Gary
Great!
I Am Getting Feeling Better MyDearFamily_Recall The Words At Matthew4:9-10?=Man Shall Not Live ByBreadAlone ButThrough EveryWord FromTheLordsMouth_IWant 2Thank All Of You SoDeeplyKindly 4Putting UpW/Me_Not ThrowingMeAway_AlthoughDetermined2Obey So MyMaster
help him in an assault they suffered,the work that I did for you that as an unknown ,it's a shame for me to bother ,I no longer have money and the way to find him, I have health problems,I feel that I deserve a prize to save his life
,I left my address in previous messages but I lose hope
Hope you Bill spend precious time moments with precious gifts amazing wonderful families & friends sleep late eat desert
Nice One
Hello Sir.
Nice
Good
We guys in India will challenge you within 15 years... 
Don't you have much more important things than to prove to us all that you prefer to read than to actually help mankind. You spend too much time reading as if important and too little serving mankind that is way major important
Mr. Bill help him in an assault that you suffered,in montañita ecuador(octopus ship), work for you the following years ,I run out of money and how to check the work, address is in chile country, calama city, avenida regimiento # 3355,atacama houses ,can you help me personally?
Hello sir
http://emazon.ir 
Mr Bill I tray for 6 month to contact you to send to you sir my request by your website but no body answer my request: please I need to know your opinion immediately before the opportunity fail  . I send my telephone number and my email . Thx
Waaa
CONGRATULATIONS
354586078983061
Of course
Congrats Sir..

Gn
Отдай мои деньги Билл!
#congrats, regards Billion Bill
NuPower @ICICIBank ?
Hi. Bill Gates
I have "Crack" the secret of power down to a E=MC2 formula . You always have to start at the foundation or as in Science does with the hadron collider . But most people never get to "Rock Bottom" . They are not willing to "Keep Digging" that deep.
And it's also "Dark" that deep, but you have to go by "Feel" to see at times.
Hello sir.
It's not like they did cold nuclear fusion discovery, isn't it?

Twitter es info , directa!! y rapida, Bill, necesito 10.000 U$$ para un emprendimiento, ¿¿Podras ??? TE ESTARE SIEMPRE AGRADECIDA Y REZARE POR TI Y LOS TUYOS!!
Please retweet the tweet that’s pinned to my wall so I can meet Ellen DeGeneres!! @TheEllenShow so I can share my incredible Things I  been through in my life
1. Cancer parasitic astrocytoma
2. Broken neck C,2 C,3 
3. 60 rounds of chemo
4. All Before I was 6 years old
Thank you for calling out Nigerian leaders.
Nice sir Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me i reqst many people but no one help me

Buen inicio de semana,un abrazo 
Thanks for encouraging artists !  https://youtu.be/BewHjBpardw   Hi , it’s LectricLou, singer and songwriter from Montréal ! Thanks ! Merci !
Here’s a short vidéo of my best new songs
 https://youtu.be/BewHjBpardw 
More of my songs
Buenas tardes señor gates quiero proponerle una idea que revoluciona los vídeos juegos generará miles de millones de dólares
