https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/a-new-regulatory-threat-to-cancer-patients-1519595170?__twitter_impression=true … we can't see our own
Gates for pres!!!
This numbers are incredibles. for those "detractors" that are "worry" about: The over population; I hope they  never...ever have to see their children  die of a disease that could be avoid. Congratulations Melinda, good job.
please help me
100 % well said
Optimistic
Wise quote
Yes, please!
We must stay ever hopeful!
He needs a financial aid of $ 25,000 to help him
http://gf.me/u/gzzjj4  help father of four accident on his Can-Am Spyder GoFundMe please Share please listen to their story  love and peace to you all  http://gf.me  please Share love u
NO. ayuda a mi mami
WELL THEN STOP HOARDING AND EXPLOITING THE POOR. DO NOT BELIEVE THE GATES THEIR INTENTIONS ARE ONLY $$$$$$ AND PUSHING GMO'S AND DIRTY VACCINES THAT HAVE BAD INTENTIONS FOR THE POOR OF THE WORLD. DEPOPULATE YOURSELVES BILL AND MELINDA
Have a nice day sir, i am willing to work on your yacht, i am well experienced as a deck hands in a passenger ship 7 yrs Able bodied seaman, 5 yrs Ship security officer can operate life boats, tender boat rescue boat,jetski and life raft i am ready to work as all around crew.
Please please please please my help bill gates please I  not have money please help I'm Muslim whatsapp number my 03172011959
Right on 
.
Sir 

      I impress Ur speach your wrk style all..thanks
Mr. Bill Gates

I have some ideas in technology but I do not find anyone to help me or provide me with some possibilities or concepts

I want to carry out my thoughts and I am sure that it has a big deal in the future but there is no one who supports me and I wish you the reply

http://soodtechnews.blogspot.in/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-34.html?m=1 …
Inequities begins in our mind...without purifying it, it can never be diminished...Is it really possible!!!
Your world great social worker sir
God blessing s your a  every time protect god sir
To see some of the most diverse ecosystem's on the planet being devastated with Gentical Modifyied Organisms is heartbreaking. But in that sorrow I find the strength in realizing there are many Souls that need help transcending the chackles of social economic terrorism 
Thank you for all you do
Bill Gates さん

◯◯ talks about the experience that opened our eyes to the #inequities in the world, and the incredible progress that makes us optimistic about the future.

Thank you very much

#technology #crime
Yes , it is so important that we constantly emphasise this progress ! It is the great good news of PROGRESS that inspires us , strengthens us , and keeps us going when all around us are telling us that it cannot be done !
.@BillGates and @melindagates have you considered leading a philanthropic, without prejudice buy-back of weapons of community destruction in the US? Think of the value of a secure future for kids in US schools. Just an udld thought!
EXPLOITING THE POOR IS WHO U R!! HOW MANY STOCKS DO YOU OWN IN MONSANTO! SICK ENTILTLED HUMAN BEINGS PUSHING GMO"S ON INNOCENT PEOPLE IN AFRICA. Bill Gates Funds the Release of Thousands of GMO Mosquitoes on African Nation Solely for Experimental Purposes
Whether developed or developing countries are having inequalities among people. Many developed countries have achieved economic growth and development long time. Still we found inequalities why?
how can one work with your organization?
My idol 
Bill and Melinda. What you've accomplished with your projects are incredible important. But a lot pf ppl can't help to notice your voices has been abscent regarding e.g the russian probe,mass shootings etc.
Why is that? Your voices would carry a lot of weight.
Thank you for all that you are doing and a big thank you for your focus and work in India.

Very nice good
Con Eduación y Trabajo!! Invertimos en países q menos tienen!
教養を身に付けて良心が育まれてます。皆さんの協力と支援のお陰です先人に感謝
I want to show you what won @NatGeoMag Chasing Genuis 2017 Winning invention and We Work's Creator Award Grand Prize Winner, Major Kevin White and his invention that gives a perscription and a pair of eyeglasses for $2
http://www.gv2020.org 

Great views ,great progress n great future towards welfare.happy minds always attract happy feelings to b happy with great contribution, with  kind hearts http://Gl.ml .
MR GATES ONE DAY JESUS CHRIST WILL COME BACK TO US NOT DESCEND FROM THE CLOUDS LIES FROM THE CHURCH BUT BE BORN,! AND THE MIRACLES THAT HAPPENED 2000 YEARS AGO WILL RESUME AGAIN!
MR GATES MY FAITH IN GOD AND MANY PEOPLE IS GREAT !THAT LOVE PREVAILS! YOU HAVE EFFORTS TO ERADICATE DISEASES !I HAVE THE SAME GOAL; TO FULLFILL THE PROPHECY !(((CRIST HAS DIED CRIST HAS RISEN CRIST WILL COME AGAIN!)))

One $Bill didn't inhale, you didn't exhale!
Thx for ignornce
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/965542267955052544?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E3 … (Endorse B.A.S.E.(YE)Let “me” @ B.A.S.E. explain why it may not be kewl for U to sit on over $99 Billion rite now! )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20hVYp6e7As&sns=tw … via @youtube
Please vote this little angel 
(link: https://babymigo.com/contests/BCBC/kamsiyochukwu-michelle-udemezue …) http://babymigo.com/contests/BCBC/ …
Can you please help me pay my college tuition? Ill send any kind of document/proof.
Thank you.
Sir,  your services n generosity is highly appreciated but with the no of nuclear bombs exist on the earth is a serious threat to the humanity.
We wont have to worry about inquity in the world too much longer Bill ,  I've been told by my friends from Outer Space  that an asteroid called Apophis is going to crash into Earth in April 2029, spend your money while you can Bill because you don't have too much time left LOL

AMAZING THANK YOU!
bless your hearts bill & melinda. love you both.
something you should know evidence based medicine is easy

start each day with a grateful heart

make it work
Neviem, ale keď chcete bohatí, musíte byť bohatí aj srdcom a to vie málo, veľmi málo ľudí.


That's all Bill Gates does is TALK! He had an opinion on EVERY Damn Thing. But he NEVER put his MONEY where his Fucking mouth is. At least not to the POOR IN THIS COUNTRY.
He sends his damn father all around the world fishing out money, but he don't do Shit for his own Country.
Mr Gates,quite inspirational
Check out #howthearianacricketsgottheirchirpback Help me make an animated film about healing Afghanistan!
Thank you for doing such a divine work.
Children are our future and every parent love their children.
Truth be told...lead on
Thank you and God Bless You Mr. & Mrs. Gates.  You bring such hope to the world during these dark times.
Thank you Melinda!! xoxo
Thanks  ,  to  Gates for  the great  work  they  are  doing  for  the  global  community  .   Now  in  India  we  are  talking  lot  about women  hygenie  and  empowerment  to  which  I say  
"  Every  he  have  a  she  before
him ,  every  man  have  a woman
before  him  "   AC
Im grateful for you 2!

بیل عزیز شما انسان بزرگی هستید ذرود خداوندبرشما
I am working on teaching younger generation different trades who cannot afford school
What a great noble thought!Good Morning,Sir!
Mr gates political correctness can be harmful to your upcoming generation , something are better kept farther
this claip is proof of pure stupidity,,,, it is not the death we have to prevent it is the borth of they that will die PERIOD! world dies of overpopulation and only the worst of humanity focus on saving children and not preventing children.
Melinda is so great woman! A role model to many of us!
I am told you have no clue what the prices of things the normal people pay and so you are so far from reality that you live a whole life in fantasies that are not based in the reality of the markets of today. OVERPOPULATION makes you rich and keeps us poor. you do not care.
https://bibliomarket.wordpress.com/category/photography/ …
That's amazing work!
Melinda Gates for President!
Hey I’m trying to finish this school in Jacmel, Haiti get in touch with my foundation over there.
So  lovely
were you really scouting?
I love you people
Billy, I Love This Photo.
Can't u take 20 billion which is a fraction of your billions and give these people are place called home
...and now a small commercial break brought to you by the planet Earth;
"Our survival depends on the wholesale extinction of other species"

Does your foundation still own shares in Republic Services and if yes, will you be assisting with getting the board and C-Suite to clean up the nuclear waste mess in their landfill in MO?
Godspeed Sir William .

G7 Governments Created Cartels Capitalism While Breaking down the Bretton Woods2 in 1970s . The Main Reason for In equal Income Earnings and I equal Wealth Creation in the World in Last 40 Years . Terrorism &Climate Change Created to Divert the World . @UN
World is Living in Fools Paradise  with Full of Nuclear Weapons , Cartels Capitalism , Corruption of Rulers . , Full of Governments Debts of G7 and 55000USD Per Capita Income Vs 2000USD Per Capita Income But with  Uniform Global Prices  . @realDonaldTrump
World Five Billion People are Suffering Daily Dueto 20th Century Failed Systems . 
21st Century World Needed Real Capitalism  with Global Currency , Real Trade with Uniform Customs Tariffs for Each product ,  Real Democracy in All 192 Nations
except in the US, so please do something about it - invest a little bit of your wealth to fighting against NRA, for one thing.
can you message me ?
la desigualdad en el . Acabar con ella el desafío más grande que se puede proponer el ser humano!
We @SIRPprojects and @sirp_nigeria are committed to ending this practice but we need all the help and support we can get.
Maravilloso lo que hacen ,desde Panamá un país rico con muchos pobres.
China has paradoxically done much more for growth, development and equality in today's world than any western country. All the accessible equipments are thanks to China. All investments in Africa, Asia mostly attributed to China. They made technology accessible unlike greedy West
The future of who?, stupid oligarc...
You all knok, that the objetive it is exterminate the global population...
Thank you for generous response to a hurting world. It means a lot to us.
Give me job in your company
Thanks for optimism!
Just a quick one Sir and Ma we @SIRPprojects and @sirp_nigeria will like to bring to your notice the issue of FGM in Nigeria.
Currently in Nigeria 20 million women and girls have been mutilated and it is also projected that by 2020 20m more will undergo FGM.
Nice
Amazing
Optimism, forever and ever...
Thanks for optimism!
Flawed logic, look at all the single men from Africa migrating to Europe and running amuck.
its not that time sir
You guys are indeed doing a great job. May the good Lord continue to bless you richly.
The Ugliest American will be in jail soon. That makes me very optimistic for our country and world.
Good Morning @BillGates & @melindagates 
Happy Friday to you both.
I know you can't help everyone for every cause, but I am hoping you might help sponsor me in a local event here in NC I do every year for Cystic Fibrosis.
Here is the link to my page. Thx
3rd world America ....
hi
can I borrow a million please I'll pay it back within 234 years
Thanks for optimism
U guys are doing great thing
