Bill Gate,  you are doing a fantastic job in the whole Africa. God bless you
This is a great news and I congratulate hard work being done by scientists and health professionals on the ground. It's not an easy task. Research is everything. More we see support for science and research, more we gonna see breakthroughs like this taking place.
That's an achievement... They need to keep that up
You should focus your donations in America instead of trying to save the world!
Sir I am believe that you are a god for every person love you sir my ideal
@BillGates
@isabelaangola @McDermedFox9 @flytetymejam @TLSOUNDOFF @AlikoDangote @WarrenBuffett @MiaMaktoum @Latifamak @Magda_Wierzycka @ava
BILLY BABY, I'M N LOVE WITH U ELIMINATING POVERTY & DISEASES N AFRICA7

THIS IS Y "THE ALL" MADE U THE WORLDS RICHEST MAN7

#PURPLELOVEKINGBILL7 – at Paisley Park Studios
Mr Gates your foundation is doing so much for the humankind, only if we had more people like you.
Also, happy to announce that the worlds smallest Guinea worm has reported no new cases of older large countries...
It's an excellent and very respectable result of ground level hard workers
Great!
Ahmed Adeline is a young lady of 34yrs,very smart,intelligent, good looking, honest,hard working, God fearing, very determined to work.above all a graduate with second class upper.wish to coordinate and assist to empower Africans if given me the opportunity.
Help
Glory
Thanks for all your work to make the world a better place for everyone.
I am not what they say I am...
I am the change that I want to see in the world.
The world is in desperate need of people like Mr Gates. We are not being judge by eloquent words and phrases, but by what we actually physically do to help improve the next person’s circumstances
Sir please help me i m patient of hapatitis B
Thanks for your help to people, we need help from your fondation we have children orphelins to educate.
You are a servant of this world
you deserve thank you
and so much more.
President Obama, Carter and Vice Gore have been
tweeted to nominate you and Melinda for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Sir plzz help me...for starting my Owen business
Plzz sir .just one help
Fantastic news Mr Gates....especially because of you. Congratulations on your efforts on making a difference in the world.
Mr Gates, who is Satoshi Nakamoto, who created the bitcoin (whitepaper)
Hell cared about months and if they want more they are on and me no point to get excited for anything.
Boooaa tio bill
We hope you came in Saudi cause the student study about you how you can play and thinking and how do you thinking when you play it's magic
Verry nice job
That's great news. May God bless you sir Bil
Hello Mr Bill Gates you doing Amazing work I am surprised very much
Only when we let go of attachment can we let go of the self.
Free yourself from worries. If we are constantly troubled by worries, it must be that we think too highly of ourselves.
really great news
Show must go through the capsule folks, werewolf and thundercats were always in my genes alone clones
Tanks for that
Great News!
good and great news indeed, keep up the good work sir.
good things are always good to see and hear of....I am pleased to hear this in this age of so few things to please me going on.
Bill! Always! Welcome! JAPAN!
Slt Félicitations à tout ce monde et bonne fête Merci
Good
to znamo al čovek nema veze sa tim ali je sada najvažnije da pošalje preporučeno što pre
malo splet okolnosti više neznanja i nesposobnosti, šta god da je u zbiru ste preterali
Bill there are a lot of conspiracy about your humanitarian program is actually a population control program. Perhaps you should address these concerns of the people. Are you normal human or corrupt reptilian?
Please return my money, because until now your promise are lie, Bill
Hello Sir, tell me your life style and routeen
Please respond my troubles, Mr Bill Gates
It's simply amazing I can't imagine
Well done. What a welcome change to read good news!
The Guinea worms were legally allowed to leave
You are the best bussiness man
)
A cure for schizophrenia
A cheering news my friend. Thanks to you for great work of charity.
I am still thinking you made an April fools joke on bitcoin but this worm study sounds cool. I want to ask if you can do something for people living with schizophrenia in African countries we are very behind the us but maybe different psychiatric techniques or overall improvement
Can you give a million dollar plz
You’re so great person sir..
Res.@BillGates my friend's mother has cancer in brain and
Their financial condition is not good. I hope you will take action in this matter immediately.
Who will listen if you do not listen
Ishaan Malik
Senior social worker Saharanpur
Mo.9520894000
     7860288784
@ BKhan58122294
#Divine

Good
Qu'il en soit ainsi dans les années à venir.
That is wonderful news and a nice pic also.
Awesome
cool
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Really good .
Samastha Loakaah Sukhinoa Bhavanthu.Sarveeshaam Swasthirbhavathu.
Great man!
Hello sir I need your help
Oh yes! So glad it's under control! Thank You Mr. Bill!
Love what you do for the poorest

It's a milestone indeed. The country will need to step up & sustain surveillance to ensure the gains are not lost.
excellent!
Wow...!!
good man!
Congratulations Sir. Your efforts saving the Humanity
Sir diz is all happening bcoz of ur support n pray thnx a lot sir for being in a world for help..
You is very great man

Good
牛逼呀！
And to think of all the nasty things that so called conservatives have said about President Carter through the years. And yet here he is doing such good for others. Glad he never let their words discourage him !
What an achievement
Wow It's Amazing news
You are the saver of world.God bless you
Nice sir Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me
Great Work...
Greats work Sir.. God bless you Bill Gates sir  he is very good person of wolds....
Great work, Sir.
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

By God's grace, I can Write, Act & Direct such type of Movie.

Wish you & your family a great health and happiness.
That's really great news to hear. Thanks for all your efforts Bill.

Hi sir
very good, thanks for the effort!!
Thank you Jimmy Carter, a true humanitarian
Wow, truly remarkable!
Bill Gates extended his hand to help the next man
What a mighty man, a servant to the world.
May you be blessed from the crown of your head to the
bottom of your feet.
How beautiful is that!!!
You are a humble man doing all you can to improve the health of every man.
Obama, Carter and Gore should nominate you and Melinda for the 2019 Nobel Peace Prize.
Peace, blessings and good health.
Thanks
Great
Great Work 
¿existira la posibilidad en que me pueda ayudar mr,bill?
Bring Dexters Laboratory to the table with you Phoebe and Jeremy
Ok sir
Awesome.
life on earth is and always should getting better ..........
LUV Jimmy Carter...a true humanitarian!!
How is your success in depopulation Bill. I am sure you and your vaccination team are having a great success In Ghana
This is progress, We are proud of!!
So that all will go well!
Meanwhile in other nations, like #Argentina, measles have made its comeback. Mainly imported from other countries but enabled by the 10% of kids that never got vaccinated. Their parents adhered to the "Vaccine conspiracy theory".
Bless you, Mr. Gates.
Sir please i have an idea on how we can sent files and documents of any kind to people effectively and efficiently irrespective of our locations without using pen drives through an App. I really need your support to make this a reality
That’s a great achievement.
Great! 
Life for all humans this bring hope to earth and it's humans.
Only if all Nigerian rich men are like you......things would have gotten better....Your idea truly work......we need your help 2019 election
Good work bill..
We thank God
Thank you!
Thank you sir - you set an example for humanity
As long as we aren't being sterilized or something like vaccinations?
Inspiring work by your foundation. Proud to have our own Azim Premji who has blazed a trail for philanthropy in India
Thanx for your good heart
Glory be to God thank to the USA and its people
CNN? FAKE NEWS!!!
Solidariedade humana é o que o mundo precisa 
@grace_mariano2 @@realDonaldTrump We love you  and forever grateful Bill Gates 
@grace_mariano2 @realDonaldTrump I cannot imagine this world without you Bill Gates...Thanks so much
No don't even think about it!
Please don't give Nigeria your $1B now. The government will use it for 2019 campaign.
Go Jimmy C.!!!
You are a big man Bill Gate.thank you for what you are doing.
Great work
Good ,and which country is that
