Good work Mr. Gates  You lead we follow
Dear Sir, you are God gift for humanity.
Love you 
thanks for your hard work
En este planeta hay muchísimos depredadores de todo tipo y tamaño. Nosotros, por ejemplo, lo somos. 
La malaria es producida por un depredador de un tamaño muy inferior al nuestro. Pero en este caso, desgraciadamente,las víctimas somos nosotros. 
@CNN
The world has made incredible progress in the fight against malaria -- but we can’t stop now. 
Duele que nos hagan lo que nosotros hacemos a otros seres vivos. 
You do so much for everyone Bill and I’m sure that’s why you’re so loved
We absolutely can't stop else we risk reversal of gains made. Funding remains suboptimal for the population in need, moreso for those displaced by conflicts and other disasters. Nigeria accounts for 27% of global cases and should be prioritised by gov, donors & intl communities.
Africa was picked bone dry by Britain , Belgium, France the list goes one. Advocate for these nations to create clean water supplies, adequate medical and housing. There is so much one man's money can do but your influence will save lives. Thank you
Businessmen turned philanthropists are putting health at top , a must priority...thanks a lot Sir Bill Gates for serving the world..  
Mr.Gates, please what about Alzheimer's research, please I Know you and your Family have the biggest Heart  #EndAlz #EndAlzheimers
Thank you for all of your hard work and your continued dedication to helping humanity.
hope my country Ghana will benefit
yes dear friend
Good moorning. Bendiciones a ti.

You are a great leader @BillGates , so much to learn from you, especially on making Impact which matters.
@BillGates
I have a natural solution of that , Grow Neem tree around the area, after that burning the Neem leaves in night when people  going to sleep.@BillGates
Saving lives is of course highly admirable... but have you ever considered the future these saved lives (especially girls) are facing? Abject poverty and suffering oppression isn't much of a future. Education, education, education. Break the cycle
Dear Bill Gates, You are a greatest Asset Put your time, effort and money, God should give you good health to continue your service to humanity
beautiful
...true. malaria has to stop first!
I'm trying to help the kids get out of the streets, I can not find help from any politician, from anyone, then the world stays that way, then I put the faces with courage and I ask everyone, because we are simple, but we are honest we have humidity .
It hurts my soul, to see these poor, suffering families, sometimes I do not see these senas because I can not help them, I feel my soul sad to see that many are in this situation, that in the city where I live has many situations of needy families that breaks my heart because
Please offer a more dedicated service to recycle Microsoft enabled PCs from developing countries where there is no proper recycling policy

Such amazing inroads being made from the generosity of spirit of the Gates family. Gives me great hope.
Great initiative u & ur wife are taking together through ur welfare foundation for the children who suffering from such disease,which can't be get cured due to less medical facilities in African remote areas.
No doubt, it's a boon for them.
Yes. I agree with you.
We all know the 3 Littles are..the deadone monkey
Kudos to you for all your work on Malaria and other deadly diseases.  Gates Foundation & @CEPIvaccines  grants to @InovioPharma to develop DNA vaccines highlights your thought leadership on eradicating deadly disease.
Dear bill,you are new born of Jesus.god bless you always.
Why we can't stop now. ?

微软的人工智能正在应用到医疗领域的方方面面，未来一定会解决疟疾问题
Why? Yes We can!
Incredible progress
A Man with a heart of gold
The deeper understanding of climate influence on disease spreading is a must! 
https://scied.ucar.edu/longcontent/climate-change-and-vector-borne-disease …
It's great
You are doing well. Moreover you believe Jesus Christ as your Saviour, you will do more great things in Him. I blrmess you. ^
blrmess → bless
Your right we can’t stop till No one has Malaria
Typhoid now has a permanent vaccine, I shut for life.. the challenge is for one to afford it...
You can donate some amount to those people if you feel that they are suffering
Billgates
You can waiting when freedom. To help . want fight war be go head,  my wait
هاي بيل أنا من غزة بفلسطين المحتلة نحبكم ونريدكم أحتاج مساعدتكم ضروري جدا....
This Is Just A Friendly Reminder We Are On The Right Path Respectfully Sincerely We Need These Reminders Every Now & Again_What We Do Has Real Meaning Purposeful In Life
Please Sir help me to complete my fees for my masters program in Law at University of Georgia and the amount is $80,000 as an international Student
Helping the needy people at the required time is very important. Appreciate all your support. Great work Bill.
Thank you Bill. Our leaders don't really care about the disease, that's why we still have to fight it till now!
Their so beautiful Bill.  Thank You for what you do. 

and they can learn how to have sustainable income here by generating traffic for blogs and websites http://dailypocket.online/?invite=34931 
Yes very nice program fighting against malaria
Good
Naturobackupcoffevina
Vinacoffebuonho
Good gesture but Building a very good hospital, water and good roads for better equipped ambulance will solve the problems permanently instead of pampering the issues. This my suggestion and it doesn't cost that much.
Thanks for making the world a better place for those in deprived areas
Thanks sir. You are doing a lot for the humanity. Thanks to all your team members also. You are a real hero.
Fight against malaria.
YOU have such a BIG heart. All the work you and your charitable organization have done over the years are truly admirable. You made a significant impact in many people’s lives. #HERO.
Prevention is key to solving the Malaria challenge... keeping mosquitoes away from human habitat... this we can do with
God bless you
<HTML> Hello Sir Gates and bravo for your investissement against malaria, after the success Microsoft !!! C'est bien </HTML>
<HTML> Hello Sir Gates and bravo for your investissement against malaria, after the success Microsoft !!! C'est bien </HTML
Before you get too excited about @GSK @MedsforMalaria tafenoquine Mr Gates, you might want to pay attention to the devastating impact this drug has had on the lives of 1500 @AustralianArmy drug trial subjects.
Have @GSK and @MedsforMalaria told you that tafenoquine doesn't actually work for anywhere up to a quarter of the population? This is why so many if us contracted vivax malaria despite documented compliance during the @GSK @AustralianArmy clinical trials. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/24386891/ …
God bless you richly for saving lives

Well done! Now feed, house and educate them.....
Thank you sir.
Artemisinin and derivates - from traditional Chinese medicine - not only antimalarial but also for other diseases - from Artemisia annua !!!
What did Africans do that is wrong but one day will be alright
you're  a good man Mr Gates
The only progress that has been made is to ensure that only the poor and mostly brown people continue to suffer with this disease
You Go Mr. Bill....
I had malaria too when I was young. Apart from chloroquin (I think), I was given a home remedy - Mango Juice + Honey. While everyone knows it got cured because of chloroquin, I like to think it was because of the home remedy :-)
Hope our leader were not jus eating these monies meant to save the lives of the they claim to lead.thanks for the generous support.God bless
慈善家!!祝你生意兴隆！！
Build for them a church and give them like a give 
By the Bible and share to everybody
Is greed 
Don't give them food today tomorrow there will be in the need again and how you will do if you are not there again 
Bring for them a new live by show them how to make there our world
You don't need to save nobody 
You don't need to save somebody
Nobody can save the world 
Just try to build your own world 
Just try to make your world a new world 
World is to much damage by everything we are doing so to save and change the world we have to change our own heart
Shame you don't understand the "Kingdom of God" and "Legal rights of Satan" and "Blood Covenants"

#nice and amazing work all really I'm happy  ur team is really amazing.........
Nice photo
If you want to develop a vaccine to prevent malaria, ask scientists to study the Erythrocytes Dynamic Antigens Store (EDAS) in malaria patients. اللهم أني بلغت الهم فاشهد.
Mr Gates savez-vous je vous admire beaucoup. Écoutez moi svp.Tout vous réussiras si et seulement si vous essayer avec Jésus Christ de Nazareth
Your idea and series of approaches leads you success and fight against Malaria. Humanity defines, you are the great.
Not in Nigeria. The mosquito net govt shared only kills mosquito that first day.
The fight against malaria has to continue a lot has been done ....but a lot more needs to be done.
THE WORLD IS ON ITS KNEES, STOP BULLSHITTING, YOU ARE NOT FOOLING ANYONE........
Thank you @gatesfoundation @melindagates remarkable work in my second home Zambia  you will never stop.
Wanna help Yemenis with cholera?
It is good initiative hopefully the world will contribute towards fighting malaria. #FightingMalaria
Good job mr Gates
You are a living God for Africans, all needed person and ill person. Sir,  you will be remembered till the day of  judgement.
Wow well done ,,keep up with the good job
Yes we can't
Well done
You are brilliant sir ...
I am big fan of your
Committed to find against Malaria
jghbdklhbn
THANK YOU MR BILL.
C'est grace à vous M'sieur. Merci infiniment
With your countless contributions. Thank you
Kkkkj
nice sir
Really but how

F malaria...move on to something American.
malaria is curable through my herbal formula shortly.

At Papua island Indonesia, we can't stop to it
hello
Soo good work sir
<3
No words, Good job sir
Wish someday even I can also follow your path and do something for the the living being ... for me the animals who cannt voice their protest and suffers the pain inflicted by some inhuman action by some creatures who impersonate themselves as human
Mzungu im going this summer to Mozambique, mybe Tanzania too, my fav african country. If you want tx for RG & Wimbledon just mail
Thank you sir 
I salute u
You and your wife have done such great things.  I don’t know the inns and outs of your organization, but I’m generally aware of the money you’ve dedicated and the time you 2 have spent making the world a better place to live. Great job!
Well donegod bless you
You and Melinda have done wonders in the fight against malaria. Thank you so much
FERBUG creates  safe zones from mosquitoes, tsetse flies, fire ants and many other bugs... designed to treat habitat... uses sprinkler system to deliver organic pesticides.
We need to consider those in conflict areas like Nigeria and Congo - distribute high efficacy #mosquito repellent (up to 9 hrs coverage) to those who have fled their homes and have no where to hang their #bednets. Please support smart prevention tools and #respectnature
Wow, I envy you.
Not easy to protect yourself from malaria even you are covered by health insurance.
Any interest in continuing to fund the next gen rehydration ORS? You funded the first studies but WHO wants more. We can do it BG. No kids have to die of dehydration from malaria or Dengue
Thank you for your efforts @BillGates @melindagates @gatesfoundation . You really helping lives live again.
You are doing a phenomenal job to make world a better place for everyone, i always wonder what a privilege it would be to work for your foundation and bring about real change, how can people like me contribute?
With no malaria....a country tourism will increase
Really?

Nobody's going to click that
Thank you for your efforts. God bless your kind hearted disposition.
Thank you for your fight to eradicate diseases  around the world. You deserve the Nobel Peace Prize.
may God bless you gentleman
Overpopulation
People need to open their eyes to the actual problems in this world. Where your small child dying of malaria is a thing.
Thank you for your hard work it has definately saved many lives.working  as a clinician in Zambia I have experienced first hand the progress over the years.
You want to save people from Malaria, but kill innocent babies in abortion?
Please see my this link and give me your  Photoshop Editing And Background Remove Image . Thank you
Thanks great man. Please continue the good work and may the Almighty bless you in this noble cause
Absolutely not, never stop!
Go ahead Sir. You will win. God Bless You.
I Feel We Have  Come Along Way On Other Issues As Well...But Once We Heal Or Eliminate The Gender Race Culture Divides etc We Can|Will Flourish_To Acknowledge Them In Reality=RealTime Is A Start _But Not Enough
Plz check and rt pinned Twitte
...@mohitso71490359 .. plZ check all and support us... to make Clean india with green india...@mohitso71490359 .. sir please check once... Give a chance to young youth...
Amazing, keep up the good work.
Thank you for your work towards mankind. I visited Indian this winter & my son got malaria, I could imagine how they feel.
That may be, but it has not reached most part's of Africa. Because only Gambia, hundreds of people die daily due to the malaria virus..
#apple
#patkány
#sajt
First of all we stop poorness around the world after that malaria will be stop.
How can i get like you bill ???
We need your support sir.
Stop blackballing minority canidates in WA. State
Your efforts are incredible. The only danger is that the corrupt regimes in many developing countries absolve themselves of any modicum of guilt or responsibility towards their people
Thanks for all you to make the world a better place. You are a blessing to many.
Thank you for your contributions ...and This is a wake-up call to us young ones to Up our game, be on top of every circumstance.
True cause we still have it in nigeria...more power to you
Brilliant work Bill Gates sir.. African children.sir very Nice..
You are amazing http://sir.you  are my role model.God will reward you greatly

I hope we find a vaccine soon . Thanks fir your efforts
I see you're still experimenting on kids with vaccines, Bill. Oh you devil..
lol
Silly anti-vaxxers
#Gullible #ConspiracyTheorist
