My dream is to share a table with you Bill by the grace of God...Amen
Tesla??
all in well regarding pickers evaluations but does not apply to the middle east, the western world is benefiting from such precedents but the middle east is mostly has been destroyed by American foreign policy.
1. More people.
2. More of those people spending significantly more time inside.
3. Mandatory lightning arrestors on increasingly tall buildings
4. Increase in superheroes who derive power from direct lightning strikes.

Elementary, my dear @BillGates
Are we sure it's not because we go outside less? Interesting read.
Hai  Bill gates sir  your all photos I am super sir
Wow
When my pop had multiple satellite summer windows, we would spend  summer in FLA. The first practice with ROCOA I jumped out of the pool at 1st lighting. I was told when it hits the flag pole we get out, never did. Lighting death has long been overrated
STUPID ANALOGY.
Respected sir,
             I am From India,gujarat,gandhinagar, shertha ( village) .I am teaching physical education in my  School at shertha. I am writing this letter to inform you that we need your help to provide equipments to sports players how are poor .
Because this students are playing good but are not able to progress more because they are not able to practice with proper http://equipments.So  I  kindly request you if you help this poor students to play well in Sports.
Waiting for positive reply.
           Vinod Vasava

Hi gates sir good morning
israeel was killed these muslims in shaaam
It's good news.
http://aimr2me.com/aimGlobal/vvnun2m998 …
hi I am very poor can you assist me ???
You are great man
What’s our percentage of Trump destroying the USA first?
He definitely beat the lighting bolts long time ago!
Lightening & Trump have one thing in common. We’ve no clue what either will do!
I’d say the lighting is a little more predictable and useful. It produces some electricity and heats the air and Trump is just a hot air!
One thing they have in common is they both shock the shit out of you!
I think it's about time lightning found somebody else to target
But Still Berozghar...plizzz Give me job
More likely to be killed by @BillGates depopulation agenda
Your poorrrr
Everything seems to be okay . 
I'm happy for that
大老板 我是李嘉豪 我的英文不好 只好写中文 我们快过新年了 最近运气不好 刚刚去威尼斯输了几千块  倒霉 那几只ai您有兴趣吗  目前发现六只 它们寄生在我身体里了   喉咙有一只经常学我说话 头好痛好倒霉
我才不信
There's really only reincarnation, Ascension, and decension. Why roll the dice this is but a grain of sand in the vastness of pervious incarnations. When awakened we can transform this "trap planet" into the school it was intended to be 
This graph shows us, we need more "lightning deaths" 

just kidding
Dear Mr.  Bill i need some support if you can please contact me a.siddiqui1@outloo.com
And you push the HPV vaccine That has I jured over 40,000 children last year including many deaths. You are s greedy old man who needs to leave our children alone with yr depopulation ideas https://www.facebook.com/deniece.young/posts/10211481614749374 …


LOCAL NEW: are you able to comment on the aline baby terrorizing the easter seabord
That's great!
If we continue to let your Foundation meander around this planet like a plague, you’ll be 50 times more likely to die in a eugenic wet dream. We woke enough people up to stifle ALL of your progress. Start praying because the party is over. #Eugenics #GatesFoundation
Great
If I get struck by lightning, I'll say, "SHAZAM!", and become Captain Marvel!
@createregister 
check
I want to be a business, how i do that?
Great preview, thanks. Agree things are better, but glad we dont accept them as good enough. #pessimismrocks
nur das beste ist gut genug swiss regort komposttoiletten , hersteller und erfinder ,telefon ,0041793900605,info@regort.ch,http://www.regort.com ,
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1992774757627975&id=1798057667099686 …
63,000,000 Americans exposed to unsafe drinking water.
https://www.cnbc.com/2016/08/10/billionaires-are-hoarding-cash.html … … With a decent simple interest of 3% on 1.7 trillion times .03 is 510   million I got? If even the really rich added to this savings account. You get money for just being an American from the proceeds/interest of  this massive savings account.
Hey sir..bill gate help me to pay  school fees ma no..0762054228
Not in Florida
Just the way you like it....humanity on a deadward spiral
@BillGates 
#TheGreatAwakening is here
#WeThePeople know
#WeThePeople are AWAKE
Wow well spoking Dad...
Nice think sir
Yeah that's true
Tochhhhh
good morning sir
Interesting
It’s probably because of your tty vaccines
...righto smart guy, any chance you can get your latest  major windows 10 (1079) update to actually install, I would really like to use my laptop, unfortunately I am not a code hack who feels comfortable with hex/binary etc....get on it....
If you #Need #Graphic #Designer

The world needs technology and their inventors today more than ever, men who gave almost all they had to make the world what it is today. Endless grattitude is what we owe them. Gud one.
On  a different note, I wonder how many times is an Asian likely to have dementia compared to its western counterparts like Europe or USA?Bill, this picture scares me to death!
The Initiative Skills You Are Endowered With Are Wonderful, Healping The Poor Like Us Is One Wonderfull Thing You Are Doing, God Bless You.
Long Live Mr.Bill Gates..

sorry
According to statistical analysis you're six times more likely to be struck by lightning than win the lottery .  Does this in anyway increase our chances of winning the lottery? LOL
Interesting facts
I guess its 37 times harder to catch lightning in a bottle, nowofdays, notwithstanding the increase or decrease in thunderstorms #billgates
There goes my lotto winning chances!
But it can be death untill it hits us sir ur tought is nice sir
I predict the worst but let it be what is going to be...
Gr8 awareness but breif reason missing 

This is a wild fact #C1052
Please Bill, I heard you from the benefactors  +212629810258
i love it
What is the reason?
Is it because of all the tinfoil hats?
AND ur 121 times less likely to git run over by a cowboy riding a horse!
Oh fuck off Bill, really...
It's because you're much more likely to be killed by a gun, before the lightning bolt hits you. 
#NoGuns #NoNRA #MeltThemDown 
#NRA is a terrorist organization.
MASTER IN EDUCATION 
MA POLITICAL SCIENCE
MA URDU ...
BUT STILL JOBLES
But Still Berozghar...plizzz Give me job
Knowledgeable
I'm homeless help. I can't believe I'm not on ur top priorities as the world's strongest human. After all I did to end disease and poverty WTH you
ha-ha-ha!
Education and weather reports available to everyone has really made a difference in saving people's lives.

@BillGates not sure why is always so important the fact of 'the universe doesn't care about us'. It's because of the contrary that we have this beautiful planet to take care of (and many more reasons on top of that)
Cuz people could not count

hello mr gates,
avoid long speeches; would you agree to lend me $ 1 million, we can meet, it is to mount one or buisness and help people,
thanks for an answer
cordially pascal
Sir give me a job
But far more likely to be depopulated via covert stealthy means orchestrated by super-rich psychopaths who have power they really should not have.
So how's progress going with this Bill? #Health #Food
Monsanto and Bill Gates are conspiring to take the world’s food supply hostage. http://bit.ly/2nEzj6x  #Monsanto #BillGates
Hii I am yours big fan and I want to do something bigger than you because I love you and yours thinking and helping nature. After you Ashwin Pathak is band of the world. It's my hearts sound.
Bill and Melinda family Gates foundation and family members and friends Amen MSN 10, and FACEBOOK page Amen.
+1-571-331-0399
When am praying that my phone is about to get the best of both worlds and MSN worlds and the best way to get Jonathan Williams needs too Again please.
I'd like to get marry with a man to give birth to my children ASAP. Timing is everything. Please let me know when can I get my British Passport from @ukhomeoffice in order to get on with my own life. Any minute is precious. UK is world class country & the heart of Europe.














Hi from China. I like my laptop with Windows 10. Thank you Microsoft.
That is really great
You have to ready the herbs, we need a lot.
Hi I'm a WEB DESIGNER.
Loking For #web #design #psd to #html,#html5,#css3,#js,#Bootstrap3 
Contact Me:
Bcause my home always rain n water come up level everyday then car cannot moving going anywere or going to work .n me n family so very poor family ..please mr bill help us accept my request .amen
Call me 0168285930 i need request from u 50m
Thats cuz everybody today is inside bangin keys instead of being outside enjoying the world.
my name is Andres Machado, my brother and I have an idea which could revolutionize your social media. If you give us the opportunity, we would like to get in touch with you and share it. Thank you very much for your attention and hoping to hear from you soon.
I mean http://pssmovement.org  founder .. m sure our earth is really blessed to have such a noble soul.. Lord Buddha was never worshipped when he there as same with great Jesus but after they left ppl started crying behind them.. pls do meet http://pssmovement.org  founder grt he
Hence sufficient light is good sir ? No need extra light hence ??And surprisingly we are all beggers to mother earth who gave us physical body and chance to meditate as in spiritual reality Vedio right.hope we can facilitate others as well with same. U must meet founder of Pssm
Dear sir am from Uganda i want to be in your foundation sir can i be allowed
Good to see you in FB, Linkedin and in Twitter. You rock, as always!!
WOW SCARY!!!
Hey Bill I could still use a million xo
Both
@BillGates Hi! I have a great idea. Innovation in the life of every person. The audience is 7.5 billion people. Are you interested in?
You sure it's not just because there are so many more humans now, so the odds are drastically different? LOL
Agree

On the must read list. “The world is getting better, even if it doesn’t always feel that way”. Sometimes we forgot this
Your such a stat  geek. I would imagine related to warming climate and cell phones 
hello sir, pls I need assistance from you.
@BillGates you have done so much for this world, but when are we going to figure out this student loan situation??
I assumed it was because there are just the right amount of people taller than me
Donated planet earth so you won't say I'm false son it cost me alot
It's because I stay alone in my room 24/7
I still do
Cause everyone just stays inside on their computers
I’m interested to learn new technology, what a new upcoming technology from Billgates
every cloud has a silver lining,  but lightening kills 100 of people each year who are trying to find it.

lightening can strike 10 - 20 miles away from the storm
Oh that's a relief. 
On the other hand, you have 37% more possibilities of being killed by a bomb a stupid narrow minded terrorist planted, than in 20th century.
Пожалуйста обратите внимания на либертарианскую партию 5/10 в Украине.Вы могли бы в Украине осуществить то,что Вы хотите сделать,но вам не позволяет этого сделать государство.Пожалуйста поразмышляйте над этим.
https://www.google.com.ua/search?q=5.10&rlz=1C1GGRV_enUA751UA751&oq=5.10&aqs=chrome..69i57j69i60j69i61l2j0j35i39.3546j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8 …
Maybe people are less conductive nowadays?
Remind me to share my experience w/U Bill
Thank you for the book recommendation Bill.
.@billgates @tanyaemery Taller buildings?
Better weather forecasting and people being more aware, people living in cities...
