Genome editing
 OK 
Let Us Make a New Generation Of Company Owner who built a Better OS 
Can’t agree with you Bill! Too often these apparent wonders create freaks in one way or another. Work with nature, don’t tamper with it.
CRISPR has the potential literally wipe out debilitating, crippling, and fatal genetic disorders. We can finally cure the uncurable. We can grow crops with less water in higher heat which they will need to do because of climate change and less rainfall. How could anyone disagree?
Because it is well established that these crops are not "better", real plant breeding results is plants that are actually more resilient. You are just looking for something which has genetics you can own, it is about $, not benefit for the planet.
And yes, it is established that these crops are better and CRISPR is not only different than transgenics (GMO) it's better because it uses the plants own genome rather than exogenous genes. It's also faster and cheaper.
It is not faster and cheaper. These crops are not better, for the the same reason that GMO crops are not better. This is the same sort of science manipulation by big business as climate change, GMO crops being "better", smoking, and "thalidomide is great for pregnancies".
Wow...you really are that ignorant. I'm sorry education has failed you. I'm currently working with CRISPR right now. I know how it works. I'm sorry you have such a sad view of science and the advancement of society.
As for "knowing how it works", anybody with an Amazon account can purchase the equipment for GMO/CRISPR , so I am super unimpressed. What worries me is the lack of foresight, and the widespread use of these technologies by anyone who needs a paper published.
just so... I ( my bloodline ) can raise kids, never see my wife, be raped taxed, then maybe get kids into a decent college from the few wishbones thrown after CAST SYSTEM is well casted, then maybe hope my kids get REAL FOOD then u or zuck use mommy daddy to steal my kids work
success upon your hands
I think you're a tad confused here's why?: ummmm..nevermind.. you didn't make windows.. that is all.. and I see it with your constant attempts to fix tech that was handed down to you, I don't even think you're a decent coder are you? so wars upons wars, the big bang ..just soo...
For this technology to be accepted, it must be accompanied by difficult fight against misinformation and fears of the unknown.
https://m.youtube.com/channel/UC7ubmm7lVvcW4eQFpWj6GAQ …
plzz subscribe my channel.I am new youtuber
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
#frankenfood
Good Job!!!!
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Isn't appealing, the strategy's completely insane,  not  effective insanity, to a result I am meaning, further more, you're out of imaginary carrots to dangle ; the vice is so tight EVERYWHERE right now, carrot is die NOW or slave LATER, NO VITAMINS in that carrot! shakalaka
There is no attributable progress when you measure total input and environmental cost against any "gains" in crop output. GM crops are not more productive and take astronomically greater
inputs. Go back to computers.
it won't matter about all this window dressing; we have destroyed the soil courtesy of monsanto et al; soil is the most important thing we need for survival via nutrition #Health
So great for the humanity 
Crosspays: Make Internet Great Again
Worldwide coverage. Economic justice. Income for everyone.
The global marketplace and social network. https://youtu.be/uSvUmyPU8mc 

#Crosspays #ico #blockchain #fmonopoly #cryptocurrency #tokensale
.
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Agriculture for all seasons
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=157249418304775&id=100020591523247 …
Hello Dear Mr. Bill Gates, We are located in the city of Sar-e-Pol-e Zahab in Iran, which caused us a lot of damage due to the earthquake, so we need your humanitarian help.
I am a master student in #Biotechnology and I can tell you that genome editing is the future. Sadly people will always complain basing their opinion on assumptions and false information. If the #research will stop the human population will be left without food.
For  you  how many years sir
what about a on extreme rare still undiagnosed patient?
David Holding talks to the Market Journal about his sorghum protein quality improvement research and the use of CRISPR/Cas9 gene editing to enhance sorghum protein quality http://youtube.com/watch?v=3cKCLO … @unlagrohort  #CRISPR #GeneEditing
Rigorous guidelines are often not enforced. Hopefully there will be more open discussion about the risks and countermeasures for those risks.
I wish, I would know how to edit the Genome
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Finally. Someone big who realizes gmo is a good thing
it's remarkable but should we try it hmm..
When Genome editing begins testing on humans, we will begin risking viral outbreak incidences. Even in the current biological experiments we do on plants and food are already proving overally unhealthy for our well being. But leave those details out. Food for thought.
.. J hmm

Hi
Interesting！
AileenMarty!
Let food grow naturally without man's input. Man can do NOTHING perfect. Nature is already perfect so leave it the way it is. Let it grow when its time to grow and how it grows. It does not need your input, Bill Gates.
Gene editing can be wonderful if used responsibly, and it holds great promise.  However, using genetic modification to allow entire corn fields to be sprayed with Roundup is not a responsible use of science.
it is really remarkable invention, it will disrupt the medicine world & pharmaceuticals but from new begining the world will embrace permanent disease cure!
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
I wish I could be a part of that, should I send you my CV, maybe you have some contacts? Haha I'm no beggar, just a youngling trying his chance
Sure! Why not! You might want to follow a little story involving do-gooder, #Zuckerbergtestimony
Hybriding is okay.  Messing with genes in a lab is too risky.
Hello bill gates
Ask critics if they can offer a zero-risk bicycle?

They can't.  Not even one with zero risk it will kill someone other than its rider.
yea I think so
We all know it's not gonna happen though. Greed will be mankind's downfall.
M
In light of the fact ~50% of the #cells that make up our bodies are not #human how can we be sure that we don’t destroy a much need #symbiotic #relationship when fiddling with the #human #gnome but not considering that of the microbial population that exists within/on & aids us?
I agree sir. There's a lot of things these days that are mysterious and nice at the same time
Completely agree ... In addition, the guidelines will be increasingly important because the technology with which you can do genetic editing will grow exponentially. Just think of Quantum Computing.
Personally, I do trust God. I believe with DNA , intelligent design, we're approaching the dawn of the age Humankind attains the ability to create life as God has.  a slippery slope.., but used wisely could benefit all Humankind. DNA Gene editing and GMO, it's epic. Should flesh.
I'm looking forward to seeing the advancements made with this technology, CRISPR. It will definitely benefit all mankind. Good safe guards important. Hopefully always good results and never in the wrong hands. Now to convince people. Will save many lives. #CRISPR
Human genome mapping or gene editing in agriculture may bring desired fruits in life all over the world. New things are suspected since there is skepticism among scientists & technologists. Denuclearisation, not wasting budgets in war is must to save life.
great!!
Great!! I hope we can enjoy it in Argentina!!
Mr Gates this time you are short sited. Because genome editing is gonna produce monsters like ancient giants. They were hybrids of fallen angels and when man failed to sustain them,they then came against a human race and God Almighty destroyed the entire human race accept Noah!
Love it, but one thing, most of those small farmers will and probably should move to cities but in the mean time more productive animals/crops should help.
You are not human bill gates
Bill Gifft Group is do big tus in Ghana. Please can you or your reply to me.
Bill, this is what have been doing in Ghana.
Risks and uncerainity for the earth.   Many species will disapear, others will proliferate  with noway to erase & rewind. The equation is too complex for the biggest simulation systems and models.
Which CRISPR companies has your foundation invested in as part of your charter to grow the fund by at least 5% each year?
Great point, Bill.  There are so many people who are too cautious against the Chridper technology. Thanks a lot. Sid
Me @BillGates I’m Congolese after all I want to know, answer me please, what do you think about my DRCONGO everything you have today come from my paradise. do something thanks.
Help please.
http://WWW.ARTBEAUTYDECOR.COM  Bill Gates is one of the true good guys
Aidez-moi, s'il vous plaît..
Dear Bill, how does one submit business proposal on renewable energy to Breakthrough energy?
ao  spect
Let’s debate the definition of “good” in today’s American culture first!

-Steve Lamar-
Hello just want to say history in second year unisa difficult if I do it over I chose ancient history and if there's people in south Africa that wants to learn French google alliance francias/ France think its the embassy giving courses I need a partner
HELLO GOOD DAY
Great
We are proud as AP people
Yes sir any help from u to start my own Computer businesses. Thank you sir
And if I am ever ready won lotto I will ask my sister if I can attend her it campus called autumn leaf she's whole lot smarter then me but maybe of doing secretarial course at intec instead
I just want to say CTI might be best place because of Cambridge university recognition but at Hatfield college there's free coffee and dynamix solutions offer only game developing course in south Africa and it certified by microsoft
Nice
No comparison.
@BillGates
This technology power is like nuclear in its potential to erase whoever you dont like. So the controls must be very very strict lest some corporation decides it wants to rule the world.
yeah bute I confused..... ask why
Here @billgates identifies a number of significant benefits from #GeneEditing. He also notes the need active involvement of the public to ensure it is used to these ends. The question of how to do it is what I address in this @NatureNews piece
Cancer cause and increase. Nobody needs to change nature .
Hi dear sir bill gates hiro of world
its great but you are so busy.
find sometimes for those whom life is waiting for you.
Incredible....
Mr Bell please help
Depopulate our world clever move by Jesuit gate bt you are in wrong side very soon you will Rip your on work very soon
Mr.gates can i ask you to send some money to me ? Just $2000 is enough , i will return as long as i will get new job . Promise Sir
.....well, Bill, i agree here with you...it really might be good idea,..i hope that all these genome researches that are implemented into real life are worth using and have no side effects...
Bill Gates can you please help me and my wife live off 750dollars a month for everthing we go without alot. We both are physically disabled  no scam Edward D potter jr 1201oldpamlico beach road west belhaven n.c 27810 home address @ Eddie Potter 1650 Instagram
Gâtés welcome to my country ''Rdcongo'' Kinshasa'' africa centrale, please come sauved childree'' luttez contre la famine, sos
Hi BillGates.  This is Amos from Uganda, a young famer needing your help. May help me with $250000. This will help me modernise  and take it to another level. Your reply is very important. Thank you.
It's sound good sir
To show due respect toward others is to respect yourself. Treat others the way you wish to be treated. If you hurt others, you will eventually hurt yourself.
Gm
Wait till he finds out about Zinc Finger!
@Rob_Reid just released an interesting episode of After On that discusses genetics:
George Church helped found 22 companies, and co-invented the paradigm-shattering gene editing technique CRISPR. In our interview, he delivers a sweeping survey of synthetic biology, and makes some astounding…
Good Morning Respected Sir.
Though the world now is full of evil minded ones people like you are Angeles sent by Almighty God. I wish and pray HIM to protect and bless you all.
A must do I think
Wowww
Don't control nature for corporate business
Save #Children #Girls #Women from #Chemical #Pollution #Adulteration  Physical Inactivity & #Abuses to save human race 
hey bill gates let a nigga hold something lol cash
Sir
Help me i m farmer india
To pay the loan for bank
Please help ur financial condition
It's  wonderful  cri spr.
Please run for President Mr Gates
Sir need a help please please
So many opportunities here.

The arrogance of mankind thinking it knows better than a system that's been doing it for millions or years.
Father
可以去看一看袁隆平院士的成果呀
Amazing
We must continue make progress!
When my funds are transfered?, please transfer my fund now or today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, my phone : 6287727310455, please support my project, urgent
This has to be one of the most dangerous endeavours people can do.  With food its one thing but with people we almost certainly will overlook and make a critical error which could result in extinction.  Biology has a billion year head start over science.
Som
No thank you.
A
help me please,she’s my daughter she’s not listen and not speak about” roseola”now she’s need for treatment and operation please help me! https://twitter.com/messages/media …
No question that the discovery of CRISPR will absolutely redefine our world in very short order.  I believe we will heal all diseases in the next five years.  What will the world do with such power?  Will their creator still be significant or will man become his own God?  Scary.
Excellent
@SequentiaBio
Sir,I think we all of us agree that gene editing will open door of next generation,but profit aiming corporate can led fatal fiasco .
Mr Bill Gates the most humanitarian of the World, god look sir! 
@BBCWorld Military Sport Association (Andrei 5 year Chess City Iasi roumanian junior champion)
It is a powerful technology if all variables are counted. Otherwise you can miss something that will lead to serious problems in the future.
Hi

The Academic Free Video Lectures Guide helps you in saving your time in searching for a course, the demonstration video is available on YouTube at:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvJHQBX9rYc …

The application is available on google play at:  

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.cordova.video001&hl=en …
I know you invested notable money in genetics & I appreciate it a lot. But what about the Cloned Babies ? Please, could you Help me Clone my unhappy loving MOM ?
4 Bedroom Semi Detached House, Anderson Street, London, SW3 
An immaculately refurbished grade II listed end of terrace four bedroom house which has been entirely restructured and extended to the highest of standards,whatsaap00966550349488
Hello
Lets crisp you first.
Excellent technology

@CyrilRamaphosa  should have a look at this
Genome editing is yet another "get rich quick" scheme (technology) by the entrepreneurs
dick head! keep a lid on that shit, gmo has already polluted our landrace crops.
厉害，你们是时代的前沿，人类作出很大贡献

Any donation can help me
Okok but when will we finally have zombies ?
Hace miles de años nuestros #Antepasados eran simples depredadores. Y pocos. Las plantas comestibles eran escasas y muchos animales eran difíciles de cazar.Pero gracias a la agricultura y la ganadería el alimento disponible ha crecido mucho. Y la población...
@nytimes @lemondefr
No estás inventando nada. Pero me gusta cómo describes nuestra #Historia alimentaria.
Who, where, what is the place where organizations met up to discuss and hopefully make changes to gene regulating activity?
I agree with Mr Gates, absolutely, progress and science cannot be stopped, they can save our world, I hope they will.
I hate to tell you this bill but messing with our food is causing massive amounts of food sensitivities and allergies
We know how you roll Bill 
Hello Mr.Bill Gates @BillGates !!! I am a huge fan, I love everything you do. Hope you have a fantastic day!!!!
