No Guts, No Glory
No Legend, No story
#RIPStephenHawking


हीरालाल दास सांगानेर जयपुर
Stephen hawking is a good of science
You mean God, right!
Despite a disease that reduced his bodily control to the flexing of a finger and voluntary eye movements, he pushed the limits in his intellectual life.
A brilliant mind trapped in a severely limited body.

Stephen Hawking, a great example of human determination.
A beautiful mind.
Big loss for the world.
RIP #StephenHawking
RIP

R.I.P @TheScientist_SH . Even though you have left this earth, we know your mind will still be at work. Your legacy will continue to grow on. You will forever be in our past, present, and future Mr. Hawking. 
Why couldn’t you have run for president?
RIP
Sir send me some money to enjoy life I'm honest I will waste that all to make my future. 
Rip greatest in World
Love you sir
Greatness is not condescending to physical weakness. RIP STEPHEN HAWKING
Stephen Hawking was a kind of personality who will never die but remain alive in the golden pages of history as well as science .#RIPHawking #Respect #Genius #miracle-of-science#legend
We all are lucky to had such a great mind among us , Sir. And Sir Stephen will always be there in our remembrance.
Check Nasdaq after I tweeted you and @SecAzar 
I feel unlucky for not knowing you...
Yh that's real
I heard you was lookin for Savvvyyyy but they gave you common instead 
Okey boss
true 


Really sad today. He was a great man.
A brilliant mind 
#RIPStephenHawking
I wrote one of my college entrance essays about him and his ideas and so I also feel a personal connection. Yes, his work is indeed an inspiring reminder of our human potential.
Sir help me before I die from this serious diseases just listen to my idea once may be it can help all the world and take your company to even be higher level send someone who can take me with him to you because I am not so rich to afford to come to you please help me
I believe he was able to achieve a pop culture notoriety most would consider an enigma in our world, which unto itself created a respect and value for his intellectual prowess, in which I doubt he sought. RIP SH, perhaps your energy is amid us defying barriers of matter.
Sounds great...a great mind praising another great mind...
we are expecting in Nigeria tomorrow. Can't wait to meet with you.
Nice one Bill, hope you are coming to Nigeria tomorrow for the wedding of Aliko Dangote's daughter? My company have a gift for U.
Hey mr Gates, if you are reading this i got to ask, whats the most memorable thing you talked to Stephen Hawking about?
agreed...
Love you  sir u r the my inspiration   
Great!!!!
Hiii sirr in future I will be nxt bill gates...
May the good lord grant his soul safe passage to the after life. He changed the lives of many. Let's keep his legacy going.

#PARISAGREEMENT #COP24 #TEACHSDGS #UN #SDGS #SDG2030 #UGANDA #AFRICA #GLOBALGOALS #Earth #universe #StephenHawking #BillGates
A Beautiful mind
You are a symbol of success and an inspiration Quito for the world forever...
Dear Mr. Gates. I am a humble woman from South Dakota who has dedicated my life to education and service. I would be honored to say the same of you (not in memoriam). Let me know if you and Melinda need/want a witty and smart friend from the Midwest. #JustSaying
Toi rat kham phuc anh
He was really a legend of neuroscience
I like this guy
It is good to know Sir , He is One of my Favorite after Prof. Walter Levin @LewinMit His theory's about Black Hole and this Universe is very Interesting and Brilliant
BIG BILLY
Hawking goes one more step closer to find his answers RIP
Amazing individual changed the world
Some people are just like god gift to us sir. They dedicate their whole life in order to invent/transform something new, something useful that can make other's life more easy. Sir Stephen Hawking was one if them. And Sir Bill Gates, u also r one of those gifts of god. My ideal.
, thanks in anticipation .
We celebrate the life of Stephen Hawking too, a great man.
The hero of our time,  great leader of the century. I salute your ruggedness and sagacity.
Hello sir I want to discuss a idea of a new social app which will change the world and help everyone but I am unable to contact you sir believe me I have a great idea I just need a small meeting with you please send someone who can take me with him to you help me before I die
, I'm Abdulkadri Agboola Gobir Emmanuel, I will be leading the team that will deliver you the gift.
Platinum Minds Global Company will be giving you a gift for being a great help to humanity
A huge loss indeed
Rip
RIP to the legend of this era.
I love u sir
Sir any tips to bevome like you ?
Holy Father God Jeová-Jah-... Will ressurect our love ones in His judgement day,so pray and say thanks to our God Jeová-Jah-... cause He allways fullfil His promisses!
De: Jesus Cristo David revelations22:16, Lamb of God Word of God, Ericeira Portugal.
God Jeová bless you all!
Rip
that's Right he had unique person in the world..
Yes human minds are capable of much...especially when highly funded..though not always good, Bill.
A clever man Stephen & didn't have a thing about depopulating the planet. The difference between a great mind and a crazed eugenicist with an obscene amount of funding I suppose.
Seen him gone makes me wonder if god has survived or not in our creation could be a supreme sacrifice for our own life's....
You are a wonderful blessing to your family in Jesus Christ of Nazareth Amen.
For you salvation in the Lord Jesus Christ of Nazareth and your kindness to to mankind you are God's hero your reward is in heaven Amen. Africa love you.
I like very much Sir Stephen Hawking
that's what i think so.
Irrepairable loos to world, history will remember forever
DO YOU KNOW SAS INSTITUTE AT:  CARY, NC?  CHARLES GOODNIGHT?  AND, ALLOWING PATRICK 9 YEARS OLD TO:  ROW A BOAT OUTBACK.  BUT, DID NOT LIKE BURNT POPCORN.  ME EITHER CHARLIE.  I WAS, IN YOUR BUILDING, AS WELL!  A FINE GENTLEMAN WITH A HEART OF GOLD.  FOR INSTANCE. THE ORACLE. SQL
Mr Gates its nicd to hear from you sir
He was a great man,may his soul rest in peace.
You shouldn’t tweet a tribute about someone with the letter i.self involved.tut tut.
A great mind indeed. We will always remember him as we go about our everyday life in the engineering fraternity.
Very true! It is impossible to put him in any one box and say that was him! He is inspirational for every one!
I I feel lucky to have known Bill Gates...
Mr #PlannedParenthood himself #eugenics
i think something broke inside me when I heard the news #RIPStephenHawking
Can I get $1000 dollars?
Bet the feeling is mutual. 
Right sir
He gave me the understanding of what is life.
that is great from the best software company in the world


Mans elusive
Great Moment sir. Always keep shining.
Wowwwww. Great sir.
That's great
The Human Life main aim salvation...God is one but till now not defined.. Now sant Rampal ji defined that God is his name Kabirdev according to Bible and Quran holy books...
A world without a Microsoft, might be a world with disaster.
He was,is and will be remembered for generations to come. His commitment to his dedication is living lesson for the people who lost hope in their life.
What a remarkable personality he was. GO WELL CHAMP!
And you are a such big example to me too.
Es una gran perdida !!
#AfrinNotAlone #JihadistErdogan #TerroristErdogan
Lucky you Bill.
♡
#rip Stephen Hawking
i love so much @BillGates
i love u sir
@florcosnow back in the day cuando pensabas que eran la misma persona
You are a great person anda deserve all
Bill gates is a brillant chap.
Dear Sir you are absalutely Right.
Agreed
Mr gates in my country internet is filter and l used from phsiphon
good day sir, jide obalowose is my name, I don't have money to go for my master and PhD, please sir help with a scholarship.
@BillGates
We have others who need to be nurtured for the talent to sprouts. Unfortunately no one cares
I fully agree with you.
He is among the best humans in the world! (I will that does him justice.)
https://youtu.be/upwO0c2F3Ug  fund us
chirp*chiiiiirp**chi-chirp
Please sir,introduce him to Nigerian government.
I am very happy to see you are very generous man in the world, would you try to Help ME  to increase their life for invalid people
It's a shame your politicians don't fall into the same category. All they seem to think is that god made everything.
hello how are you doing
Hi
what can u use someone lyk me 4 cos i've tried so hard in life and am stil very poor pls help me with ur discovery instinct
Who should start against Spurs, Giroud or Morata?
What is the secret of your riches.
BITCOIN MINING

It never too late to start mining 

All you need is just a bitcoin wallet 

Inbox me directly for more Info,and I will help you how to min up to $7000 worth of bitcoin with just $1000 worth of bitcoin.
How well did you know him?
à quoi ça peut t'empêcher de faire si tu me donnes 1000 dollars
Love to meet you Bill 0091 9820902408 free food and best of accommodation global n health 0091 9820902408 yourway foundation mom Mayrose Magdalene founder members Maxwell Brown in Kuwait he give best of accommodation and food in Kuwait wrong place to do that
Is Interesting
RIP
I hope so,, dont forget always friyeer
Now our memory to him is only stayed in our Physics, and maths books
best filling
the stephen hawking is great mind
Hey Mr. Wizard, Don't you think or even Hawking would have said that impersonating a veteran to get onto the floor I was on at the Madison VA was a bad idea?  You and your secretary both walking onto the floor at the same damn time?  DEAD GIVEAWAY!!!
And your wig was laughable and passing by your room, you and your female secretary were in, she had a cell phone.  Cell phones weren't allowed on that floor.  Again, another DEAD GIVEAWAY genius!!!!
It could be You And All the Intellegents of the World BUT don’t have God. You Are NOTHING. AMEN
Hey
Legend
K
Have any extra money to help protect our schools?
you are really good person
But many people are imitating you Mr Bill GATE
And yet he denied God to the very end.
It takes a good man to see good in others 
Stephen hawing work inspired me.
Bill Gates I need a guardian angel. No insurance husband stage 4 lung cancer we need a miracle please !!!
Hallo wie  geht es dir

I Admire his intellectual Brilliance, but his ability to push on & survive more than 25x longer than was expected - is something Truly INCREDIBLE!!
Exactly
Stephen Hawkins was a great mind for us.
We offer loan and financial service such as Fresh Cut BG, SBLC, MTN and Confirmable Bank Draft, which are specifically for lease and sale. Our Bank Instrument can be engage into PPP Trading(s) such as Aviation, Agriculture, Petroleum etc..email manger Tapanpaul.bgbroker@gmail.com
He picked a good time to leave..this country is so screwed up
Yes Bill.
he show us the power of human mind
He did not believe in eternal life and what happens after you die. Sad
Y our a globalist,  you matter because you have contributed to furtherance of mankinds search for understanding the universe.  BUT you are wrong that USA has not been the greatest social experiment in recorded history.
Kill the goose Thur lays golden eggs ????
Outrageous propagation by the ignorant is what you are promoting.  The cause of poverty.
