Yes,Mr Gates 1 person’s idea can make a big diff,it has been proven time&time again in our history.I believe my idea of cooling off&stop E Hurr.,apr-oct,as sm Cyclones before they become hurr.&kill 1000s +Cost billions$ in property damages see my plan FYEO
 bobdon77@msn.com
Maputo women are amazing. They carry their men and families. Strong, noble and hardworking,I have witnessed their qualities over many many years....mulleres e meninos de Mozambique extraodinarios.
One person can make a huge difference. They can go #Vegan.
#climatechange #blueplanet
The creator Himself look for one man that will bridge the gap. actually intellectual technology is the intercept between society and Business. Therefore all change require is "JUST, 'ONE IDEAL'". ....Yes to One Ideal.
Love you <3

Yes sir. . Agreed. . Nadella totally doomed phone division. . Business is people is suppose not corporates. Please resurrect Lumia phones
One person always can make a difference
What a courage and determination
Yes
Yes Bill one person can make a difference. You claim to be a philanthropist. Maybe try to remember what that means . It's on Google it will tell you. Try remembering what that means instead of ignoring people, asking you for help dozens of times!l!
bir kişi fark yaratır oda tanrıdır şımarma
I believe that bill
Good job bill keep it up buddy.
JA. EINMAL

@BillGates 
@melindagates 
Sir please help me. I am in very trouble please Sir help me. Sir I want to open a HOSPITAL and a SCHOOL for poors,and I need your help
A/c no. 3287603771
+91 7348228292
SIR I want only$ 800,000.it's nothing for you.
Please please
Your an absolute inspiration to men and women across the world! I'm glad people such as yourself still pushing excellence.
We Can all make a difference! If everyone takes notice to any one issue, that one person is a leading force, gathering steam, creating change and Making a difference!

Heroes on the toilet.
;-)
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=166361757378512&id=100020140654429 …
Nice
I can make a diff by convincing right people,that have the auth&http://infl.to  make a diff, to cool down&stop E.Hurricanes before they become monsters&kill 1000s&cause Multi-Bil$ of property damages http://yearly.No  shame to try&fail,unforgivable not even trying

I just got a 3 day suspension on F.acist B.ook for nudity from this pic. 
Int in saving 1000s of lives&multi-bill$ in property damages ea yr by cooling&stopping East Hurricanes at their origin before they cross the Atl&hit the Carib &US.I have a detail plan that I have been putting together since Katrina&would like to sh.need add FYEO bobdon77@msn.com
Yes..if he has something new or unique!
大金持ちがどうしようと勝手だし、前言撤回できれば。ここも言うよう勧められただけだし。   アメリカいいなあ。
shoes…
Woodkid - Run Boy Run (Official HD Video) https://youtu.be/lmc21V-zBq0  @YouTubeより
Sometimes two people can ruin or help your work according to the context.
Yes and 20 does better, you Get the Point. Bitcon is available to all, and it's a bit in need of better Company.
If there were enough realization of the decisions and reasons to made a deference it becomes more easily
Dear Mr gates
Truly believe you.
Please become president of America. You truly are a champion who knows how to build, never give up, win, succeed, create value, save, help, determined and compassionate. Yes, one person can make a difference. You can benefit humanity better.
厄介者だから働ける。
厄介者だから何でも許されている。
障害者だから働く場所が少ない。
障害者だから何も許されない。
そんな世の中は差別だと思います。
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=157249418304775&id=100020591523247 …
BEAUTIFULLY.
I can make a bigger difference with 100k fueling my business growth.
I am impressed with you, you are generous man, l expect you have long age, god will give you good health, would you help donate your money for abolish poverty in my country espesially blind person and invalid person you can contact me 082158556420
Mr. Gates through my mother's designed to help others with wheelchair bags now I've sold the manufacturing rice we're using the money to help long-term care facilities to help the suffering given the CNAs and other high task low-paid jobs and paying it forward.Essays 2 help them

I urge all nations of this world to come closer together as one in order to bring forward news ways and plans to tackle this desease that continue to kill so many people around the world, thus, I strongly advocate for the idea tha only by cooperating together we can save lives.
Why do so many rights...yet so many wrongs? 
Well, I guess if you don’t...somebody else will...but please...do ease up on the roundup when those GMO crops get sprayed  It worries me....yet I know...you might be an angel at the GATES OF HEAVEN...sending you love and light, 11
Cacilda is an authentic example of love and dedication through its sustained effort, consistently adding value to other people's lives. Congratulations Cacilda!
Mr Gates,I to believe 1 person’s idea can make a difference.If U could cool off&stop East Hurticanes from becoming Hurr. that kill 1000s,&cause$billions of property damages,Apr-Oct, would U?I want to sh my detailed plan w/Log&mech w/ U.I will need add. FYEO  bobdon77@msn.com
Here is just a thumbnail sketch of my plan for cooling down&killing east hurricanes at their origin where they are only a small swirling cyclone, trying to dev. into a Tropical Storm so they can travel West dev. Into Cat.1, 2 Hurr.


Yes Jesus one person changed the world
hey visit our page https://www.networkforce.net/force-power-server/ … for dedicated server #cloud computing
S.W.O.T (strength weakness opportunity threats)really matters.
Hello Bill sorry if I ask you for help. I read that 95% of your money does not help your family. Can you give me some help? My uncle signed all the houses of my grandfather and stole from money of my grandfather company's . @BillGates @melindagates
I live in the house with my parents, I share the room with my sister, we only have a bathroom, I do not have a house because my uncle has rented the houses that stole my father. My grandfather fired my uncle because he stole a lot of money. @BillGates @melindagates
向盖茨同学学习！
Good night
https://youtu.be/CL3wWtdS0UQ 
I always believe that everyone was succeed if he believed.

Cacildo you legend. Bill I am volunteering month on month off doing this in an archipeligo in PNG. I would love to be part of malaria cure in PNG. Health intervention? Can you let me know? Louie
Yes he can, by helping others
Bill is right, just look at what Trump is doing to our country.
@ billgates one person makes a big difference..bt wit the same 
Other persons matter us more..in all those only one makes us happy bt sometimes being wit many can enjoy the greater company....
wow cool!
surely one can make great difference even though it isnt too many
You're right
I really need your help Great Sir!
Thank you sir.
Sir I need your help. What's app contact : 
+923491294971
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
I believe that when we each do our part to change someone’s world, we can collectively change the world.
No one can’t change my life because it’s my life I decide for everything and do it
 such positivity Samira.
Supoerb
U had inspire nations .Why? Your companies invest in clean energy sources n saintary methods in rural or urban areas villages. Inform charities develop project management
you contact me sir
Yes it does make difference
Hey a lot happened in 1994/ bill gates got married and it was end of apartheid in south Africa I was in primary school
yes. Of course he can. by simple logic of opposition. if a stupid evil as a hitler could do so much harm to all humanity. someone who handles the same amount of resources but with goodness and intelligence can have the opposite effect. for good.
salut j'ai besoin de te rencontré personnellement
Awesome
HI BILL ! HOW ARE YOU DOING ? WHAT ABOUT MILINDA ? MY BKASH ACCOUNT 01739229016 WAS AUTOMATICALLY CLOSED JUST AFTER MILINDA HAD BECOME AS ONE OF THE DIRECTOR ! AT THAT TIME, I WAS IN MY NATIVE VILLAGE ! THANKS !
Ji
What would a person do to become Bill Gates. Bill gates means man with intelligency,minds,thoughts n ofcourse money. How beautifully u holds your relations with people thats also an inspiration.
I need help please please please
good
No words for this great work.
yes, my dear.
@CarlyGee21
@jjainrakesh @LavaMobile @OneAssist_Cares @consumersindia @RedmiIndia @xiaomi please no one purchase one assist plan with mi phone.....That compny try how to refuse customer claim....Please mi not continue that type company....
Ise kehte h jajwa
Good morning Sir, I am scheduled for a CS in A military clinic in Nigeria @ 80,000 Naira but I can't afford it. It's coming up on the 6th of next month. Pls sir I NEED YOUR ASSISTANCE. MY LIFE AND THAT OF THE unborn BABY IS AT STAKE
No
Thank you for sharing.
ok..
In Mathhew "Jesus healed them all", not a few of them, but all of them. Preach the "Kingdom" to them, but I guess you can't give what you don't have or understand.
Yes, people can do anything..
Really a great job, hates off to her....
Señor @BillGates que opina usted acerca de la educación el Sud América, cree que se necesiten mejores maestros o solo un cambio de mentalidad.
each and every counting starts/begins with none/infinite and then one gradually keeps increasing with efforts and will.

Every person should try to keep environment flourishing for humanity sake rather destroying it for some MNCs sake
So, We All Should....

Save Fruit Seeds and Grow Fruit Trees..!! Everywhere..!! Together collectively and both literally and figuratively..!!
only in 3rd world countries specially in miiddle  east
Make a difference one kind act at a time
Iam Big fan i like so much
Sirr
good sir  Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me
Hello, even though I hear ur big work as regards ur NGO ,ur foundation and stuffs, I didn't see ur pix of visit to the ordinary people ure spending on thru your charity org.ur visit to nig.they need more of ur attention.thank u fr all

You're one person, and thRough your accomplishments alone, look at what you can do. ANYTHING YOU WANT
This is very impressive

KEEP THOSE INSPIRATIONAL NOTES COMING !         
Yes
You are the most admired man in 2018
Praying you receive the 2019 Nobel Peace Prize
wonderful  r biii.
Yes .... Still they are in our hearts and so called living legend s dtill
@andrewdkaufman  @BooksBhindBars 
Dr. Kaufman is another example, of the power of one.
Hell yah uncle bill theu can!!
Hello Mr. Bill Gates, what this lady does is what every human being should do, it is my responsibility to help others in my achievements and success even seeing my mistakes to make this world a home.
Very very encouraging.
Hi...
I think one person canot
Luke15:7 Just So, I Tell You, There Will Be More Joy In Heaven Over "One" Sinner Who RePents Then Over 99 Righteous Persons Who Need No Repentence_Respectfully Sincerely May You Have Peace MrKelly It's Good 2CU ttyl
Mr. Gates. HOW may I be of assistance to your organization, please? What can I do? Sincerely Shellie Gary
@BillGates I need job 
Hy
У вас в Америке можно всё!

Yes. Also it's always that one idiot to cause traffic jam and other avoidable situations.
Thank You So Kindly Sir 4The Video...TheWords Edit Were 2Small & I Couldnt Really Read It. IWill Watch & ReWatch Until I UnderStand The Conversation Ty
Yes but not in Nigeria
Wow

Yes you did 
A dream can change the Word 
bill  help him in an assault that you suffered,in montañita ecuador(octopus ship), work for you the following years ,I run out of money and how to check the work,address is in chile country,calama city, avenida regimiento # 3355,atacama houses ,can you help me personally?
Auf Deutsch!
Stimme zu,drei mal für JA(YES)!
Alles hat(macht) ein Sinn und Zweck!
Die Gesellschaft verstehen,den Kreis des Lebens!
Sure,you and others have done great things in our generation
Yes bill for your skills of program the world is one village.
Uncle Bill Gates, I am an Internet user in China. I have come to download twitter and pay attention to you. I hope you can reply to me.
Bill, 

I want to make a difference. I want to be free from the yoke of student loan debt and use my energy to further the public good.  Have you considered giving retroactive scholarships to people dedicated to service without personal profit? I'll be the guinea pig.
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Good
From India
Watsap Contact me 
I no 7012363440
So true.  God/Jesus made it known He is real through creation.  Romans 1:18-32
and  plus we all have been given a/our conscience which means with knowledge.
Yes I believe so... You are the best Bill Gates sir...
It is a dangerous pursuit to try to change the world, but one at a time, a mile can be covered. Best wishes. Your inspiration is effective.
In india it's @ArvindKejriwal
medication side effects are awful from pharmaceuticals for most illnesses that doctors give drugs for. Something as simple as an antihistamine can destroy the brain with long term use. all meds need to be used with wisdom.
In our oftentimes cruel world, it’s a breath of fresh air to see people acting so unselfishly towards others, especially strangers. You inspire me so much!Thank you for all that you do!

Much appreciation from the #XVGFam #XVG #vergecurrency #verge
Yes, is true
Yes. One person can make a difference.
Yes .. you are make a difference
Nice dedication, this is inspiring for the next generation of leaders. 

Special thanks from the #verge #XVG community, we learn a lot from you.
Impressive

I know you are negative about crypto and the mass hysteria surrounding the volatility of the market, giving #charity to big organizations, less than 10% may reach persons in need, #xvg directly to the people suffering cuts out the middle man - think about it.
LOVE can't make a difference. Be holly...
