It's always very sad that people always have to attain grotesque wealth before their ego needs more attention by proclaiming to be philanthropic. It seems just another false tactic of manipulative elites
Fed has been doing this for over a decade.
Since 2003 to be precis, when it was not in vogue...
Roger is African how cool is that 
Total respect for this guy an his work with young people 
No, Mr. Gates most people know @rogerfederer as THE greatest tennis player of all time.
Righttttt!!!
Certainly worth a read for everyone. I come from India, where our scriptures thousands of years ago, have elucidated the importance of the art of giving. One need not be a Bill Gates or a Roger Federer to start giving. Each one of us in, our own small manner should be doing this.
Mr Federer could not be a better role model to my children.  A Rolls Royce of a tennis player and an inspiration in the way he conducts himself on and off the court.
@Gian_Garcia_ He only does it all. What a dreamboat 
And he’s all about education. Such a stud
Amazing guy, literally my dream to meet him, or to even get a response from him. I’ve looked up to @rogerfederer since I was six years old! 
Knowing that these athletes do more off their courts then on them shows true character of themselves while never taking an ounce of credit. This should be the norm not the exception for all of mankind. 
Thank you
You have money but you can't work for Humanity and humant rights
he is not one of the greatest. He is the greatest!!!
I am so incredibly inspired by the philanthRFic Roger! You are the reason for my starting a sports NGO "SIIRF Foundation" in Kolkata! Thanks for being such a role model for me!
皇帝ビル ゲイツ、ぱーねんこと河原康弘でございます。スマートホン、一つでここまでできた。0からやり直しています。ぱーねん
ディスイズ、yasuhirokawahara
We feel honoured and of value to be remembered by people of your calibre in Africa. Why you (Gates family) have Africa at heart?
@jperkovic93
@RafaelH117
@XavsFutbol
Nadal >
you prob think Ronaldo > Messi too, don’t you
Simple fantastic
 to both of you for your work building and inspiring around the world #leadbyexample
Thanks for all the great work and inspirations. 
Simple fantastic!
"one of"? #wtf bill ?
Read it all u both doing great job
Mr. Federer's humanitarian work off the court is more than impressive! His donations to those less fortunate are not only monetary. He  possesses a generosity of spirit; he gives of himself! It is he and special people like him that allow for this messed up world to keep turning.
...from on court actionfulness to  off court compassionulness!
awesome to say the least
Inspiration 
Both are great #person..#@ they are good for our humanity 
"important to give back to society"...have learnt from you..
I don't mean to correct a genius, but most people know Roger Federer as THE greatest tennis player of all time.
Okay Rich man
@anupamalur
Good morning sir
And he LOVES Aussies  If he needs one of the worlds best domain names he can contact @ozesurfer I could do with some philanthropy,trying to start my ISP/ICP( It's V costly ) & employ disabled ppl, because no-one else here will, but even the deaf & disabled still need work pls
That's a lovely and deep read about a great man Mr Gates.. I don't agree with part of ur tweet "If ur a Federer Fan".. Don't think we need an "If" here 
@jamohull

@ChiaraEpistolio
Big inspiration!
Grande!!!
Brilliant
He always steal towels from his tournaments for his charity someone said he signs them lol
"Give and it shall be given unto you". May God give you strength and good health to impact life of children
Dear Bill I think You have for sure forgotten Rafa Nadal!! What He Is doing for poor children Is unbelievable in The Tennis World. He Is The best tennisplayer in The World,He has won nearly everything and still He is humble and fair!
Bill No offence if u can shed the light.. if ?
I've noticed one thing neither u r complacent neither arrogant  despite continued success because it vice versa of continued success one becomes arrogant complacent ...#ThankfulThursday bless...ash
That's me that's my culture values norms #sharethejoy #sharethethought #ShareTheLove 
#LoveLoves2LoveLoved
"It’s remarkable how much power one good person can have in shaping the life of a child"~ Bill Gates about his Teacher. Episode14.

https://audioboom.com/posts/5775299-episode-14-be-an-inspirational-teacher …
Anybody who knows tennis, will know of the greatness and energy of RF .So imagine that energy going towards helping people.  It will only create more wonderful energy. Thank you
Love you more Roger if it is possible
That's Y tennis players would make great politicians! Too bad they don't venture into politics! Many are great philanthropists especially #RogerFederer
Philanthropist as a never ending journey describes Roger's approach. Not only the tennis GOAT, but also a good person. Go Roger!
I am  Federer fan too.
Not one of the greatest. He is the greatest of all time, arguably the greatest sportsman of all time as well.
Lol "one of the greatest" 
Greatest of all time @rogerfederer
Please help my nephew GoFundMe campaign for his wife and kids
Gud
Great sports man
Excellent read.  Both you Mr. Gates and Roger are inspiration to all of us.  Thank you for the example you set.
One of the greatest... No,Bill... he's the greatest.
Sir Bill Gates, that 100K please
 &
Beautiful! Can you perhaps ask Roger to hear me out?
The most great @rogerfederer
great sportsman and great person 
C'est de toutes les époques d'être philanthrope quand ont est très riche c'est une forme de protection de soi-même en réalité ça n'a rien de généreux il faut rétablir la vérité sur le comportement humain !!
Big words from big man
At any age it is difficult to part with hard earned wealth! The one who gives is greater than the one who earns !
Dear sir this is incredible message and being a fed fan I’m so proud of myself and thankful to god....
興奮する
@colmlehane
@NeomisiaRamona
#Inspirational!
@MuizRustum
عت
Of course  because Roger Federer  he was good and I'm biggest fans too his good tennis and very handsome
One of the greatest? Sorry, he’s the GOAT with nobody in the rear view mirror.
Rodger SOS my apologies bless u n yo lovd1s 2 ...ash.
AWESOME BILL DEAL BLESS U & MEL N YO LOVD1s...ash
Sincere
Great
Nice job sir...u always do great
Inspiration  for all you man
@stefandiao de haberlo sabido bicho! El tío Miguel seguro te conseguía entradas

If it is possible, shall we change name of Tennis to Roger Federer #RogerFedererFanForLife
awesome read!!


Nothing new under the sun. Give me a billion to spend :)
I like Billgate playing tennis with Roger Federer
Besides educating what else is there.
@RMisset
Excelente,no conocía esa cualidad del tenista.
https://www.gofundme.com/kzf88-pay-it-forward … Need help for special education department for our school
A STAND UP MAN, ON AND OFF THE THE COURTS! THANKS FOR YOUR CONTRIBUTION TO OUR CHILDREN AROUND THE WORLD. 
You are both a role model and an inspiration to humanity. If only they were many more people like you. Thank you for everything you are doing
Federer is not the greatest player of all time. The last 3 majors he wo was because a lot of top players were out with severe injuries. Djokovic, Murray, Raonic, Warinka, Nishikori. He gets easy draws. The only challenge he had had in 2 years has been Nadal
don't  worry  about me  too  much.please stay  healthy and  happy  for  promoting  peace!深謝
Living Tennis Legend Support by a Fabulous professional & Family Network. 
Anyone who feels that  can do nor only one thing probably many ways to be sharing willing in an effort to feel itself  good and happy it’s a great deal and we most congratulate them. Do it good

Roger is not only an amazing tennis player, but also a great philanthropist. He is an inspiration for many among us.
Play a match for me too @BillGates @rogerfederer
I'm a Nadalisque but I wouldn't mind reading the Fed tale. Where do I find it?
@BillGates and @rogerfederer @BillGates and @rogerfederer @BillGates and @rogerfederer @BillGates and @rogerfederer @BillGates and @rogerfederer @BillGates and @rogerfedererv @BillGates and @rogerfederer @BillGates and @rogerfederer @BillGates https://media.giphy.com/media/YXbKSV65rJQ6k/giphy.gif …
Hi Billgates
Sorry to put it down like this Mr. Gates but true philantropists are people who live on limited income and who still find some wiggle room to donate some of their hard earned income. They deserve your acclaims as well as Mr. Federer or Mr. Đoković deserve them. 
Excellent!!!...The sport is good for a better life....congratulations!!
Need your donations for our foundation
Roger that.
I wait your good promised congratulations
#heartofgivergiveslifehope
Thanks A Lot Sir Bill Gates.Our Greatest Tributes For The Roger Fredret, For His Great  Deeds , Apart From Achievements In Tennis.
he is my routine...  because a great parson life is the best routine,  for another parson.
And the man can sing! He’s so Blessed in so many ways because he just love to bless others. 
That shows this man is simply outstanding @rogerfederer
Federer is a greate Tennisplayer and nice Guy
Very inspiring notes from @rogerfederer straight from the heart. He can also learn so much more from @BillGates
Legends with intent !!
Mr. Gates we've managed to procure some of that "Youth Fluid" you were requesting. Please come to the coordinates we messaged you. You may need to take a plane though because it's not located on your planet.
Dos grandes en este mundo, uno en computadoras y el otro en tenis .

2 fenomeni
He had shown he is a great on the court and off the court too
My all-time favorite tennis player and a man who seems to be wonderful and caring as well
Love Roger For Ever#bettermasteroftheworld
Somebody
Love Federer
I need your support so as to be pronounced around the world,my E-mail is simeltabobo@gmail.com
I read this, but he doesn't say anything about the results his charity has achieved in 15 years. Is education the way to bring ppl out of poverty? How has that worked so far. Is that how u and ur billionaire friends have achieved wealth? #WeNeedRealChange
Well done 
And just like you and your wife, Mr Gates, Roger and Mirka Federer do their philanthropic work quietly. You make me proud, and heaven knows how much I love Roger.
All time favoraite sportsman
Hi: Mrs. Gates. 
This is "Jah' jah".
Yes, @rogerfederer is amazing.
Perhaps you guys could do some philanthropy down in S. Africa? https://youtu.be/FT3CLYhrCyA 
I know your organization does work down there, Bill. Families are getting slaughtered and nobody is talking about it.
We @SIRPprojects and @sirp_nigeria that is committed to promoting gender equality and women empowerment in Nigeria will certainly read this.
HILARIOUS.
Really ADORE U.. BOTH OF YOU..⚘
@LaurenRoseBurke
We know pharma has the cure for cancer we know they have the cures we know #KratomSavesLives we know marijuana helps veterans and others suffering we know they have healing patents and healing technologies to help improve the quality of life of humanity and food replication
Technolgies to help the poor the homeless third world countries and Africans #ReleaseTheCures #releasethetechnologies
Bill and Roger, two of my favorite people to follow.  Bill, I"m originally from Seattle,  @rogerfederer , my wife is half swiss. You both are very inspirational and how you give back. Please keep it up.


I can't wait to play RF. Expect 6.1,6.4, 6-2.
Honestly am proud of u bill gates
Hey I take you both when you want....At cycling
Keep your privacy with http://pinup.com 
I always believe in learning by doing. There are few great books like Dan Brown's DaVinci Code - now lets check out things in the real world.
Very good point, which sometimes the press avoid to mention.
nice match
Congress
Hmmm...........
u r mt future and my inspiration 
How are you sir.
Sir ji please help me.. please sir...9582178728
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
My boss  6666666666
My error, I meant to say Savannah Guthrie ( not Katie Courac) 
You both are phenomenal and generous hearts.  Live the recent ‘marriage of Tennis and philanthropy’ of you and Roger, Bill.  Katie Couric is such a sweet and spirited woman.   Loved watching her interview with ‘Bill and Roger’ - re: Tennis, Philanthropy and FUN. 
Too Legend wow
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Great article!
Hi sir Nice to see u thank u
Sir give me any job sir please my number 7406681766 "I'm from bangalore
Virtue Signal received. 
Philanthropists are the BEST.
Bill Gates the man strong
The ultimate role model for any aspiring sportsman regardless of format. A true gentleman and an impeccable example of sportsmanship and character conduct. #legendofsport #greatesttennisplayerever #mannersmakethman

Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
One of the? He is the greatest
What about the football player who refused a million dollar contract with Pepsi with a comments that Pepsi donates money to israel army’s,indirectly used in killings of syrians kids
I you both for your philanthropif efforts for children  around the world. Education and vaccination are two very important things for children. You both have made an impact with your foundations.  I love watching you play  together. What a team Thank you 
Yes RF is a great human too.
I want all the worlds that children should go to schools instead of poverty so that poverty can be eliminated from the world and only in this world is only possible with progress and only pen, because of their prayers and prayers. I am peace and security
Thank you, we will do.
Install this app to take quick surveys and win $10 iTunes gift cards while offer still stands. For U.S residents only! http://sharepop.me/c5bc06 
