But for us we need u to train us sir
Reddit -- Bad UI unable to understand properly :(
I ask something you
Hello Bill Gate, l need scholarship for my two daughters in one of the Best Universities in Nigeria. I don't have a job now because of my age and the business l was managing for my boss has been closed down as a result of the high exchange rate that hit Nigeria in 2015. Thk.
Why you was rufuse to answer the journalists was ask you about peuple die in DRC becouse thos mineral it is company Microsoft used
Most successful people should help societies grow better and wiser and that's how they show the quality of their authority, my short experience in journalism allowed me to evaluate this initiative to be special good, hopping it can stimulate people in my country. thanks
Hai
Hi Bill,

I am Lokesh i need money i have already sent my bank account details in Reddit and also need job in nokia or IBM
Thanks,
Lokesh
I like that you're a really decent human.
@BillGates
Bill can you answer for us that question that journalists was ask you microsoft and congo mineral .solidays conferences
dentro de las que si hará, lo invito a conocer Chile. mi país es tranquila sociedad de lindos paisajes variado clima , no tenía idea de su interés por desarrollo agropecuario y agricola. si viene lo invito a visitar campo y conocer buenas experiencias esta área. un gusto lo sigo.
Boss bill vous m avez promise l annee derniere de bien vouloir m aider a ouvrer et terminer Mon project pour LA realization d une unite de fabrication project en arret cause financement Mr Messai0097433165690 French language
Nice
Hello, I am a Syrian refugee. I am a resident of Iraq. I want your help. I do not have the money to pay the rent. I am unemployed for a long time. I hope your assistant is sick. This is my number. 009647506681507 Thank you
Sir ji please help me.... please sir...9582178728
Sir I need ur help in treatment of my spine problem .I don't want financial help but treatment or operation as applicable.sorry for going out of matter.
Well, may I ask you to try my arcade light game #justtapme ? And try to surpass level 10 if you can 
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
I AM going skateboarding today. I am going to ride my skateboard everyday. It keeps me strong and happy. Yea skateboarding!!!!
https://www.fiverr.com/creative_jamal/design-modern-eye-catching-high-quality-technology-logo …
I just heard about your clean Energy research on the social media platform. I'm interested. I studied Architecture but I'm an inventor and a builder. I have something in mind. For you that will change the world energy (power) for ever. I have not told anyone about it.
Appreciate u mr.BillGates
Thanks i need one things from you
I like Bill Gates  talent....
Message to the richest man in the world only 0.01% of your wealth
I am a student. I need money to study my account on PayPal :
Mr Bill Gates I want to communicate with you for something good
The little film about what you were not going to do on February 27, 2018 was hilarious. 
Two issues about your AMA:

1) Is it desirable that governments (okay, mainly the US government) have almost as much access to our personal details as companies like Microsoft, Apple, Google and Facebook (which all avoided regulations limiting this)?
Bill Gates, the founder of Microsoft, a company which spies on your email in order to push advertising at you & sends your PC usage data back to its base, comes out against cryptocurrency on the basis that it...is not possible to be surveilled.

…
2) You mentioned deaths being directly attributable to cryptocurrencies...what about deaths attributable to US tech companies allowing unfettered access to the government of China of their citizens' accounts with such companies, when they are dissidents?
Two issues about your AMA:

1) Is it desirable that governments (okay, mainly the US government) have almost as much access to our personal details as companies like…
Bill im trolling you we're my best friend in runescape pravite server I'm real son it's Luciano
Revolutionary Idea! Endorse B.A.S.E.(YE) & March on across to Taylor, Tx to “walk” details!

-B.A.S.E.(YE)-
give a job
How much is a gallon of milk and a loaf of bread?
I'm from Pakistan I'm Muslim i like you only I not have money please help please please please my whatsapp number 03172011959 Please please Bill gates
Hi I'm J. J.. Mrosso from Tanzania East Africa

I support you
Ppp
I wish I saw tahis. I need your help to inspire students in Scranton, PA
Pls make me your business partner
Please help me. I need your help.
Hey Mr. Bill you wanna buy me 12,000 madden points since your Xbox servers are down?
Yes save Syria from the Israel oppressors
*******
Agenda 21 agenda 2030
What aboit checking your bitcoin account? 
I want to ask you some real Tough questions
Bill, I have made an - in my view -  important discovery in the field of biomass conversion. How can can I make a presentation to your foundation? Heinrich
What’s wrong with an alphorn on a freezing snowbound day in Switzerland? How about free-styling on Reddit?
درودبرتومردبزرگ ،باآرزوی سلامتی ،بهترینهارابرات آرزودارم وامیدوارم شماروازنزدیک ببینم ،
Hello sir , I'm Reme , from phillipines   hello
Lol 
Mr. Bill Gates just wants you $ 15,000 help
will there be a cure for cancer soon?
Günaydın Bill gates bey bana gün aydın olmadı maalesef çok ağrım var

I did ask and you did not answer!
There are a lot of things that you didn't do but you should have to.

Nice one bull
Mr. Gates, I don't make it a habit asking for money. I'm trying to bring my fiancee to the US. I've spent every dime I have to try to do so. The only thing I have left is my condo in Springfield, Il. I'd sign it over to you if you'd see your way to help.

#HumanRightsDiedInSyria
Hi
You deserve The Nobel Peace Prize
help!msn http://int.games  down again! Thanks  L.Bowie
Beard of bees is it possible sir....?
Sir respects to you forever
Tanks  your blessed and loved
Is good
Mr. 
hey- As I see you have everything in this world Except happy ending,  so in order to have Happy ending Try to search the perfect GOD.
I want to establish a culture change in the way the elderly and specifically those with dementia are perceived.  I am self employed and work in the 3rd Sector so how can I impact on the care provision provided both privately and publicly (through the NHS)
HI ARE YOU FEEL HAPPINES FOR T
YOur Life
Great work
Well, do u like flan?
That's awesome, Bill.
Does that clip showcase your Max typing speed? Hmm  I thought you would be able to type faster... You know... inventing windows and all 
To celebrate the Chinese New Year, I'm giving away 888 BCH to 100 different people.

I'm giving 8 BCH to anyone who sends 0.1 to 0.2 BCH to this address:

18WaCf9X Bb56zKWRD 8n1awWo4s L792rdNW

(remove the spaces or it wont work)

888 is for prosperity!
I wish all the good you are doing would get more publicity as opposed to every day headlines.  You are great!
What are the rules and guides on how one can manager his/her business? Thanks.
Nice
How do I convince my clients of my authenticity
Do you know anything about parasitic insects infecting a person like w  Morganelles disease and giving them telepathic abilities? Does black Goo have a telepathic connection?
I dogs. What kind of dogs are your favourite and why?
Hahahaaa!
hey am Meksud Ahmed, from Ethiopia I need a help with u any scholarship and financial aid I know u but u don't know me but one thing will be communicate for u that thing is humanity.
Studying?
Can you please help me to finance my piggery business plan?
What is the value of an idea for u ?
As someone who has lost friends to heroin addiction, I find it completely out of line for you @BillGates  to be the decider in what the root cause of this addiction epidemic is. Blaming bitcoin on a far bigger problem is insulting to those who suffer. #educateyourself
fun
Wish I'd heard about this...ive got a question that I'd be honored to have answered by you, Mr. @BillGates -  With Soetoro's executive order giving supreme power to the Executive Branch during a national state of emergency.....
...ie. The one we are currently in the middle of, declared by President Trump December 2017 due to rampant human rights offenses and general corruption....
Now that you are so overtly partnered with Prince Al-Waleed, who is named in that very same executive order, how worried are you of an investigation into your own dealings? Are you worried about any assets in of yours that may be linked and therefore siezed??
您越活越年轻
haha I adore when you do AmA
Is great to know what you are doing. Sir with little as $2000, how will you invest - advice me please. Thank you sir.
Neat
Amazing video
Lol. Riccola!
Good luck! Prepare for a lot of bitcoin questions. I recommend the whitepaper and it's short list of references, if you haven’t read it already. Literature section of the nakamoto institute is also a great resource.
Blind people .....Risk everyday try it
Sir ,change the hole you tube and decide the catagiries like god songs separate education news saparate  sex vedios saparate don’t mix all the things plz.
Divide the catagiries
Good morning
Now we know 100% that is pure bullshit and Billy Boy had all the call filtered chosen or scripted. never would he face real questions like that since most people can reason out the world is in full fail as he promotes lies of all is better as classes rise...JUST NOT TRUE
Nais
Call me sir +917410828899
What app no +919829543688
I need some help.
interesting
Do you have any plans to help india regarding water scarcity problem and merging of river basins.
India is a nice country but you visit very often. Please visit india and support our government to merge the river basins.
Hope you will do this for the people of india.
Keep going Bill.....just keep going!!
Hello BillGates....do you know I donesia? Im at here. Im teacher. I proud of you. You are super man.  im sorry. My english is bad
wuiiih sangar....nginggris karo billgates hehe
Good

Oh no I could never never thanks
You inspire me and so many others#type 1 Diabeties is in need for a cure please help 
I have a master’s degree in Library and Information Science along with a great deal of energy and time. How can you use me help save the world?
Very nice thing to do. Too bad I read it too late. This would have been my question: do you work with Linux? If so, which distribution?
Oh no I’ve missed it!!! Damn time zone difference
You can at least try to play alphorn
But Bill, variety is the spice of life. If it's not lunaticy unsafe I'll try it-- once.
Why not ? You dont want to  like everyone else so...can't you actually perform all challenging events by hyperlinking yourself through day well on the other cant you just teleport would you like a piece of emoji cake +a cup of emoji  let's talk about this fear
Hello
Just great to know the work you are doing with Rotary International, to eradicate Polio. What’s the next frontier, TB?
I can’t believe I missed this! I wanted to ask what you thought the role of genomics would be in improving health outcomes outside of wealthy countries?
Hi Bill, would you be interested to meet Sandro Molinari again ?
Fun!!
Ask Me Anything!!!!!Just a chip off the old Internet!Thanks Billl!!!!
Just a thank you for developing a way to let people know we all can be somebody!From the garage to the formulation of the Stars!!!

Great Sir
Me podría donar 50 computadoras para mi escuela en México de bajos recursos, sinuhe_alc@hotmail.com, gracias.
Sir plz say something about syrian ppl
How u want to die ?  as we watching few deaths in Hyderabad due to fake media tv.9 who publishing bad about our benjemin franklin and Hazrath inayath khan sir Patri sirs http://pssmovement.org  and it feels death is inevitable to all. Do u like to fund to research place to us
Great, wish you all the best .
-In Ethiopia less than 1 in every 5 girls get the chance to enroll in secondary education,
-About 41% of Ethiopian females get married before they reach 18 years old,
-About 49% of Ethiopian women experience physical violence in their marriages. 
http://www.teaforafrica.org/Women%20Empowerment%20–%20Tiruzer%20Ethiopia%20for%20Africa%20(TEA).html …
Reali great http://men.eu  te amo
"All successful men and women are great dreamers, imagining what their future could be, ideal in every way and then they work '' Brian Tracy
you're such a neat guy Bill!
Bring me to America and give me job sir
Sir please raise your voice or reach out the people in syria...please sir for the sake of humanity 

