Data for $data coin?
Thank you very much for sharing! Very good to hear that you liked this one!
#morbidaugusta
Oh this was so spot-on!!I like the different speakers on the data specifics I wasn't surprised about the 1% human ratio versus animals vegetations on planet Earth and I wasn't surprised about pessimism percentile either... thanks for sharing
Great to hear!
The 1% statistic I find still pretty surprising. @HannahRitchie02 and I show the land use in that world map here. Built-up land is very small, but via agriculture the land use of humanity is enormous.

[more in our entry that shows this map https://ourworldindata.org/yields-and-land-use-in-agriculture …]

Bill has done so much for our planet's technology Follow us http://instagram.com/globaldancemoves … … … for the best and latest dance inspiration and motivation from around the globe!! Retweet  
like what?! sitting on his ass, doing nothing not even producing a grain of rice while his wealth doubled every 5-10 years?!
{5} Fighting  for  Malaria
Data is what make sense in business. the truth is that its interpretation is what is difficult in enterprise application.
About the data on black socioeconomics?
Mr. Gates. What are they please? Sincerely Shellie Gary
Bzzzzzzz
Oh let's see
Mr. Gates. AND? Ms. Gary
科大讯飞，翻译机，会34种语言。
Let me be part of your team sir
Waww
H i bill money  ok
Please read the story from Harry Lillard via my messenger
Grietje Jantina  Harris-Brouwer
データおたくでもいいじゃない
Sir please I want to learn, can you help me out ?
Millennials are changing the game we old people must keep up with the young ones
Hello Mr Gates. I've got something to complain about Microsoft. I would like to do so privately.
Hello
Hii Sir, thanks, my pleasure..
That is good Job Man
how can I join your team?
I like that. I am also a philanthropist like you

The latest version of your personality is reflected in Windows 10, is not it? Great.
I love you sir
Every bit of natural resources is morw valuable than money centric economy
Thank you for listening!
So  good 
Please consider helping a veteran and police officer in need. A Retweet would help spread the word. @gatesfoundation @melindagates
God bless u sir ...
You are great sir
I am a nerd too!
You are great!
Beautiful program

The Earth does not rotate around the Sun.

https://inet.livejournal.com/66392.html?thread=4492120#t4492120 … 
Need a Sponsor I am musician
Bill stay fly arite.let no one hold you "down"
This Was A Good Article...Im Having Differcult Formulating What Makes Me...You & Others Who Allow Me 2Share The Word Of God In Truth...2Know That Some Of Us Are Really Trying 2Hear & Obey The Word Of God Makes Me Happy
Good morning sir
?
@eortizospina 
Good Job ok that is good
Bill:  I will listen to this episode of @planetmoney.
What's up with the new win7 update that can't be installed?
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Love this

Erbil call me when you grow up
Data nerds like you, like me and many others will definitely enjoy this....! #DataScientists

This is cool
Either we convert to a more socialist system with redistributed ownership and/or Universal Basic Income, or we lay off everyone and starve.
As long as you're happy...
Me too.. 
How are you sir
God bless sir
Hmmm
dear friend bill, I am sebastian who helped you on the octopus ship in ecuador when you suffered an assault ,the money you gave me was stolen and I feel like I get a prize,I could not live quietly when you help me, I would like to know if there is a possibility that you can help?
The world has changed, but the most interesting is that it repeats itself through many millennia. High technology existed before, thousands of years ago, and today there are similar developments of. The question is, where do we go and what will our civilization come to.
You like data way 2 much @BillGates If you want to learn more about logic, call me. Sometimes you need to use logic when there are 2 many variables in the data. And they are hard to understand. Like why girls like to get they ass smacked and dominated in the bedroom. Data = bad
Related views: Steven Pinker, Julian Simon, and Greg Easterbrook.
Sir, you are definitely not a data nerd.
God Bless You Sir.
14 + 9 + 6 - 22 - 0 = 5
5 * x = X
I'm fine!

Great sir
Can't find it on @GooglePlayMusic
Nevermind, didn't know of the indicator. Old school @planetmoney listener.
Please bill....just one million dollars...even 500,000$ would do it and let me help the world
@BillGates how to be you..i want to follow your step..
Very good Sir..
I want to see u in my life atleast once
Thanks bill

I love me some data. Just recently for Stats I created a chart chronicling Taylor Swifts newfound infatuation with Alcohol in her #Music.
Good
Bill you talking CASH ! ?


I have posted my link hundreds of times and sent out well over a thousand  emails asking for help. Only to be ignored every time . Yes if you are reading this or ever got my email or saw my link, I am talking to you!!! Do not say you care about humanity and people. SHOW IT!!!!!!!

Sir...
Interesting tidbits Bill
How are you father,
What I would enjoy Bill Gates is if people that claim to care about people and humanity actually gave a dam about people, and not just themselves Bill Gates. Thanks for caring.
Acuerdese de los misios
Gn
Hello Mr Bill Gates
This feels suspicious; there are just too many of my favorite things in this one tweet...@BillGates, @planetmoney, @MaxCRoser, AND the promise of nerdy data?!  HAS to be too good to be true...
Hey Vitalik founder of Ethereum and Uber nerd, he's talking to you. J/k  @VitalikButerin
One day I will tell tomorrow what I will do today
The legacy of humanity today is an edifice of amazing machines, knowledge, buildings, infrastructure, practices, customs that is approaching an "end of history" watershed moment.  We are on the verge of having a global, automated means of production...

https://www.facebook.com/notes/martin-bishop/humanitys-inheritance/10159806576215468/ …
Tell our president in Ghana  that we need a speed train in Ghana to set as a basics of technology transformation not military base
They will listen to you
Exceptional ,not every businessman man is like you .
Half of your wealth you donated in India.
I salute you .
#SOSNicaragua
nice
“Los humanos son como hojas que caen de los árboles, que vuelan y revolotean por el aire, vacilan y por último se precipitan en el suelo. Salvo pocos, quienes casi son como estrellas; siguen su camino fijo, ningún viento los alcanza, pues llevan en su interior su ley y su meta."
El #veganismo, en su acepción #trascendental, no es una opción personal, sino una obligación moral, legal y #vital ➤ http://elatman.blogspot.in/2010/12/manifiesto-vegano.html?m=1 …

Fantastic
is he the smartest in the world? :O https://fastest-news-feeds.com/Thread-Bill-Gates-Is-he-the-smartest-Man-in-the-world …
Please follow me
