office365不好用
Ah, the truth is out: it's money you're after $Bill!
You got that right sir. I work in hockey, a male and often hard world, but I enjoy the challenges and find gratifying that men give me power and back me up.
All too often "if you want to empower women and girls" is exactly where the origin of the problem lies.
Please I need some money who can help me please
Human rights are women's rights , and women's rights are human rights . Let us not forget that among those rights are the right to be heard .
And their own bodies?
Or is that a bridge too far?
No mate, not too far. That's the rule in America, though we just need to remain vigilant.
It's International Womens Day, I figured he meant controlling their own money WorldWide, not just in the USA. Was wondering if he'd lend his voice to other issues as well 
Well he's doing a great job in Africa, though asking him to be an activist in such traditionalist societies is a big stretch.
He opened the door.
Bill. Hate to be the one to tell you. Woman control the money in most cases. I guess it’s different in your world. Malinda is pretty hot though
Don't go so far..No much money bill..No much
My mom doesn't expance a single Penny but if she orders to buy something to any member of our family nobody can enter without her order. We have to give power women to make her own  boss like men when she is capable..
Guys I just found it in the microsoft site! So cool! Check it out!
Great man
Hi i am Arshad from pk and yo????
Education becomes complete, when we practically use them. Allow us to work #SAVEH4EAD. Empower Women. Support our dreams. Thanks
SIR!, ...GENDER EQUALITY MEANS ECONOMIC FREEDOM .....  !!!!!
Ooooo
Sir nice man...
The great tree of life
A text from you right now would be great...
If we give the power they won't accept because they have self confidence and they ask who are you to give me the power, I am already having .that is the will power all the women having.
...and bodies!
Good comment Mr. Gates, all people would like the power to decide what to do with their own time and their own money.
Fantastic
This is well said true.
@sprf2014 we mean Reducing poverty among women MUST be tailored to good health and well-being when cerebrating #IWD2018
well, women in China usually control most most money of their family
What is this now your tactic to manipulate the female driven markets by sympathising with them? Division of men and women in the society is the old trick of divide and conquer, thankfully is gradually deteriorating. So pack it up as its done to death!
That's fine. But first they need to get decent income to have their own money. In 2016, women working full time in the USA typically were paid just 80 percent of what men were paid, a gap of 20 percent. The gap is worse in developing countries. So first #ReduceTheGap
The thing is I do no have it!
@umer_anjum_321 video mast hai!
Yes! Yes!! Yes!!!
Really true
That's not only women. It's true for all humans. This is why we need $BTC
You must be talking about some other country, because here in the US we females do as we damn well please with our own money.
Exactly
Do you know the difference between your world and the world of the Middle East? @BillGates
True
With humility, I suggest some guidance from a professional point of view.
Same applies to divorced men
I don’t think so anyone is holding anyone. In the current generation, all are equally treated and respected. No one has to give anyone a power to decide. That again becomes inequality if someone has to give power to let other person decide.
I love this,  indeed
LOL The same its true of all people regardless of gender. Taxation is theft.
I agree I Woman should have a choice. Some women are even forced into careers. When study prove most women are happier at home.

Riiiiiiight!!!
The evidence is also clear the $.70 on a dollar argument is false. You say it’s bad for everyone that it’s hard for a woman to find a company ran by a woman, what does that have to do with anything? Please stop shaming men for working hard. That is bad for everyone.
Excellent
it however may be detrimental in some cases,believe me.
Awesome
Give them their own money, as in "equal pay."
hi
Certainly the best way to teach financial responsibility to anyone - manage their own $
and their own bodies.
“give them power” - patriarchy in a nutshell
God Jeová bless you all brothers and sisters true believers and all the children of the world!
In God Jeová we trust,God Jeová bless America,God Jeová bless the world!
Vamos para casa cidade santa e o paraíso/ lets go home holy city and paradise,God Jeová bless and Godspeed!
@MotivatingWOME1 @womensmarch @WomenintheWorld @MichelleObama @leggs888 @MsTerryMcMillan
You guys are the people that matter in the world, please we need your attention in Nigeria.. innocent people are being killed, children are slaughtered.. Please talk this.. just mention it in one of your tweet... Thank you
It's the best thing we can practically do if we really want to make our society better. Just complaining is not the solution. It's the way through which women & girls can get fully involved in the market,in the management, and also get awareness regarding their rights and needs.
Financial independence is  embodiment of true freedom,Women are mostly oppressed cause some societies deny women access to property & land rights, astonishingly in those same countries women makeup large percent of industrial workforce but inequality entraps them in poverty
Ciao caro
Ciao
Why don't you just give them money bill? All the money you wasted on this stupid video would have been better spent on like coke and weed. Do you think this video actually accomplished anything? Hell no.
So True and we’ll put. With Financial security comes confidence,and dreams being realized. I just pray for wisdom to get the mentoring along the way to make sound decisions with my time and investments. We have to be taught to think of future generations to build wealth. Thanks
Who will give  prepared food... They are well powerd but we manage our family and child's without divided that's Indian culture. . . . .
Very true sir
Hello sir I want to discuss a idea of a new social app which will help everyone in the world and change the world sir please believe me once and unable to contact you and not so rich to come usa for a meeting with you please help me before I die form this sireous diseases help me
Noooo @BillGates sir womens are nither equal nor better they are best... 
Great words
Yeah,  absolutely 
That's very true most times are put into a place of vulnerability and end up using them instead of helping them
Women is a pawer saplyer haws to all fields.
Its not that easy
#bitcoin
Absolutely
Correct....
Exactly
So you’re just repeating what was said 1450 years ago?
4:32 ... Hath bestowed His gifts More freely on some of you than on others: To men is allotted what they earn, and to women what they earn: But ask Allah of His bounty...
Hair makeup nails
Shopping
Makes sense
very true, they Are  very organize
Great
Sexist
Only if they have their own money...you can also give them micronutrients to empower them (your funded project is doing that in one of your favourite sites)
Sir ,it's good thing to improve .......
What’s money?
My idol
Duh!  
Self responsibility, independence and capitalism have these effects on any race or gender.
Seriously? So what’s your plan for the Taliban?
Women don't have the power to do that yet?!! Are we Cavemen?!!
Okey boss
Step one means having money. Net earnings have to be positive, or in other words gross earnings are still grossly inadequate.
Hopefully most parents who only have girls give that great info!
Human beings inherently have the right to their own power and to decide what to do with their money. Why do “women” need to be empowered? That implies we aren’t already. #confused.
Hello
I agree.  Money gives them power.
Very inspiring!, thanks for sharing
Absolutely. If I had a large bank account, I’d be doing exactly what I am doing now..Helping my son raise $10000 for the American Heart Association. I’d use it to start my nonprofit Raise of Hope where children raise $ for rare diseases. #hopesanddreams #more000aftermybankbalance
And their own bodies!

Thanks Bill and Melinda!
We should also do our best to teach them how to spend, save and invest wisely and with maximum leverage. Thankyou for all your wonderful work.
Thanks for your leadership. It means a great deal! 

Their own body*
Nice shot

Maybe don't pay them less than men doing the same work.
Where is the money?? 
Bill hvala ti za Windowss
@Luciano09480407 Tutte le donne si possono autogestire. Pari diritti con gli uomini. Viva le donne. Okay
皇帝ビル ゲイツ、ぱーねんこと河原康弘でございます。段ボールグライダーレディースフェスティバル、賞金１０００万円づつ、2018 3月24日から始める予定です。東京の、河スポテリアで、
ディスイズ、yasuhirokawahara
My mom doesn't expance a single Penny but if she orders to buy something to any member of our family nobody can enter without her order. We have to give power women to make her own  boss like men when she is capable..
Along with this give them motivation, confidence and instill a sense of pride for their being.
Thank you Sir
Türk olan ve bildirimi görüp görenler?
Great
...what about if you just want them to make you some dinner and pick their shoes up off the floor?
Respect women is All But not change God give gift Only women To Creation man & women So Respect and salute
hai sir we love to in wrold bat i I will meet you it's my dream this I am in Indian so I would like meet you
This it may be possible at development country but in developing country to empower woman is stating of broke the family.
Absolutely
Happy Women's Day
So maybe tax cuts and a repeal of health the care acts so they can choose how to spend that money too?
Hello bill gates
Hp Hp Hurrah
नारी से सब है, नारी से जग है।
#Ethiopiacrisis.
Sir can i speak to u please
We can handel them and see how we can help them move forward
Excellent thought, must be practiced from young age.
They gonna do something amazing of course
...what to do with their own money. .'.their own'..
Great
gif me a eztsbox uncle gates, or i will buy a playstation
and how about control of their reproductive organs?
And their bodies.
But what if you are on social security disability and can't afford anything?
How is this not common knowledge in 2018? Everyone on earth came directly from a woman!
... and their own bodies.
im with him dont forget students
The #Grameen Foundation, by providing minimal loans specifically   to women and groups of women, with a high percentage of payback rate, has proven that women have a greater propensity for transforming whole communities.
Assuming they have an opportunity to make any money. Control over money is step 2. Step 1 is the freedom and franchise to earn a living.
40% of all households with children under the age of 18 include mothers who are either the sole or primary source of income for the family, aka  head of household. When they win, America wins.  #IWD2018
If you want to empower women, give them the right to control their own bodies.
Nice
Also enable them to make their own money!
And body
Lulu & Maxwell support and celebrate the efforts of anyone who, in their words is "trying to balance the see saw of the world."
Everyone please share my tweet so that it can reach to Mr Bill gates sir my idea of new social app will help all off you and change the world I want to fullfill my parents dreams so please help me share my tweet. I am not so rich to come usa before I die from this diseases help
Well said and true !! Thanks to my parents I’ve been blessed & fortunate !!!
This must be a bot running this twitter account, because this one man could stop hunger in the United State and quite possible the world if he truly wanted too.
please sir gift me five billion dollars i want to be rich. sir please fulfill my wish and stunned the world history with your unique generosity
Agreed!  Best way to do that is to reduce government spending to basic Constitutional levels and eliminate redistributive taxation. Then she can freely invest, keep and spend what she earns as she herself determines best.
Hahaha, bill Gates wants the complete opposite for govt.  He would love everyone taxed more so he can get free govt research
True that
Yes God bless you , I accept your believe, give we women chance to perform,and you can be surprised we will go extra miles to make it.
That's what we also need from you gates
Right on Bill
Setuju mr. @BillGates
Empowerment of women is a great investment in nation building
Huh
Understanding their priorities and educating them on options. Is financial literacy available in rural Palghar District?
And if you want to empower Bill Gates, give him the thumbs up to vaccinate globally...after all he's an elite super rich IT guy eugenicist, what's not to trust. Never hear much about cures from Billy boy. It's always vaccines isn't it..inc one for Diarrhea.
Alarm bells..
Sir help me to start my little business... Please sir..
Hello,sir Gates, if I come to the US then you will find me a good job?
Nice idea, does it work?
Not an evidence?
Frightening 
#liberty must be the same for everybody
They'd be more committed
That is true...after all women are good budgeters & financial managers @ home...that`s a known fact
Love your every THOUGHT.
The way you THINK, the way you WORK, the way you LEAD the WORLD. There are only few in the whole WORLD with so much CAPABILITIES..AND EVERYBODY in the whole WORLD know you are one of them...
Lots of EXPECTATIONS OF BILIIONS OF BILLIONS are there from you
NEW PURSE!!!
I am broke
He said as I was taken away “If she wants to she can do what she wants to do!!
If I want to, I can do what I want to do. Last Native words to me I heard in my dream. Freedom another word for Living. All else is dying.
Fyn
All is done in his presence, thee Omni present.
And enlighten their man - father, brother, husband....
@ first allow women to take their own decisions .allow to think with their own mind not by a proud supporter mind
Yeah
This is material happiness, not real happiness. You try to make them real happines to show the path of way of life to reach hifhest place.
When We Talked About James5:16 I'm Not...wait_Matthew11:7=I'm Not Just Randomly Sharing Words There Is A Specific Reason_Im Trying 2Navigate Take Us Somewhere Safe In The MindsEye=Faith=Reality_But IDont Want Any1*2Turn On You|Us|They|Them Because HE Is W/Me
as the ..it truth sir ..
AHHHH you just offered lack of equality in the name of equality! Are you all idiots?
if the women give profit to the men it is for the SAME FAMILY! Now you choose to split the family income and split children from parent as you cause dog eat dog world to ignore OVERPOPULATION!
Logic of a capitalist trying to destroy the planet and too ignorant to grasp how or why it is dying. Want to empower women? Give them the adaptive villages I carry for mankind and they will simply BE empowered and functional in balance with life/nature. YOU ARE TOO RICH/BLIND
More importantly give them control of their reproductive system.
Great start with a Trump Tax Break Bonus for All your Employees ( Woman included)
That's right indeed;it's also a part of their independence as responsible creatures!!
That's right indeed! I will be a part of their independence!
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
