People think to be change regarding development & developing countries
I love advice but we still need more sir I just want to know hw u become rich person for really
Shalom,my name Ayena kasni,
Shallom, my name is Ayena Kasni. I am NEET and my husband too. We have three children. We need help to live our life. If you are willing to help us you can contact my number phone :085752925399
Shallom, my name is Ayena Kasni. I am NEET and my husband too. We have three children. We need help to
Hi
Hi
I have been trying to download it without success, It would be great to have this book
That guy was a genius of breaking down the complex.
God bless you
Inside Skid Row: America's Homelessness Capital | Direct From With ...
Video for direct from dena takruri, The Other Side of LA: Skid Row 8:24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTJWdtX90C0 …
What a review @CPA_DaudiK @_CIAfrica @davidkuria
Those are sad statistics. It's so good to hear that progress is being made.
Does the population living on less than $32 a day include children? Or people who did at one time live on a much higher amount? Elderly? (Etc).
This is very broadminded thought not differ our world
Why is the temperature in the pacific ocean off seattle one degree warmer then last year. Your right for once its diffcult to tell which are the developed countries and which are not. Is self destruction of the atmosphere a developed or non developed behaviour ? Please advise.
Please I will be happy if you take care of me
Mr. Gates. Thank you very much. I will read this book. Sincerely Shellie Gary
Did you not fund to neuter the ‘developing world’ based on a rightwing thinktank’s conclusion that the West must control the growth of population in such counties as it competes for world dominance and scarce resources?
So good. Thank you Bill.
I agree with you...our American cities have divided our people into sections here...should we start at home.?
We have Little Tokyo, Chinatown, Little Arminia, Koreatown, Bangladesh, ad infinitim.
#Fact
@akasemeyer
What about those experimental mosquitos you are releasing in another country when did you become God?? Money does not mean no accountability
Yes 
Ahmed Adeline is a young lady of 34yrs,very smart,intelligent, good looking, honest,hard working, God fearing, very determined to work.above all a graduate with second class upper.wish to coordinate and assist to empower Africans if given me the opportunity.
Fascinating!
That's the real side not feel....half past

How Can i apply for a job at the Gates Foundation
Because your experiment with and dabble in education proved to be so successful I'm going to run out and read this book. Your credibility has plummeted. You are no better than a celebrity pushing their political agenda. Stick to your foundation, good work going on there.
Hi
Please give me your blessing on this new year to get the opportunity to fully change the World.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.

Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources 

....to solving society's problems..... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.

Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
You don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.

Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
6- I have great respect for all religions

I belong to Software Industry..working in one of the top S/W company for the last 13 yrs...want to contribute in this social Service.
4-Pre marital Sex - I have never gone for this either Pre or Post(extramarital).

5-Absence of money awareness- I don't LIKE to take anyone's favor including my parents.
You might be interested to know about Why I am suitable person to Write, Act & Direct your Movie.

1-Smoking -I have never smoked
2-Alcoholism - I have never drunk
3-Drug -- I have never taken
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
2-Alcoholism & Pornography -- Answer--"For relaxation" & Pleasure
3-Drug -- Answer-- For relaxation, lifing up mood & Pleasure
4-Pre marital Sex- Marriage problems & Divorce
5-Absence of money awareness-Demand their parent..because of bad/rich friends
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Our Movie will handle this "DATING" (a serious disease for our society, mainly for our young generation) in perfect manner.

What about glorifying Courting (Courtship).... with high moral value..in our Movie ? ....Please provide your Input.
Women & children normally suffer the most after a divorce, both in terms of quality of life and emotional well-being.

What is the REASON behind this...... "DATING"..... having relationships before marriage...in the name of Freedom......Simple..
The median length for a marriage in the U.S. today is 11 years with 90% of all divorces being settled out of court.

With these DATA.........Please think about KIDS's.
between 40% and 60% of new marriages will eventually end in divorce. 

The probability within... the first five years is 20%, and the probability of its ending within the first 10 years is 33%.
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace.......will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago.....
Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.

After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
You have 45.4M followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD ... even FILTER can't stop....will try

Please tell me if I am wrong for having a dream of a movie produced by you to show the right direction to our young generation.
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" .I want to contribute in this social service.

Brother,I hope you will produce one unique movie to show the right direction to our Young generation.Very real & Simple.......  no Fiction
I am IT professional.With God's grace & your help, I can Write, Act & Direct such Movie.Please think in different way of Social Service.

This unique Movie will make Huge profit as well as contribute PEACE to world and brotherhood.Please discuss this in BOD Meeting.
You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter these issues is pending from your side.

Movies show BIG impact on society, Please plan the production of such movie for welfare of our young generation.
Having Multiple relationship, Excessive Drinks with Criminal Mind, Disrespect for Marriage, etc.  ....all in the name of Freedom.

Donation for AIDS should also consider to counter these Social Disease.
Wishing you and your family a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year 2018.

Good Evening Brother, Now a days High moral standards are totally missing in Our Movies & reducing rapidly in our society.
Bought the book 'Factfulness', in Waterstones Byres Road this morning. Sat with coffee and began reading. Instantly drawn into it. Thanks
Hello sir how are you like it new pro Microsoft software
It's already recommended to teach this to children and students  at schools and universities.
It’s important to have parameters in the run to progress and they are best designed, based on sound-understanding on the differences within.
I pre ordered @HansRosling new book #Factfulness. It has arrived! Cannot wait to read it.
I just bought it thanks to your recommendation.  I'm really curious to read about this new framework. 
Thak you @illgates
It depends on what you call progress. I believe God is watching and he would consider progress narrowing the gap. Less hunger
Thanks for sharing this book to us.
I'm poor please help me please help me reply. 
My account number 
1684.229301788
United bank limited of 
Pakistan please help me please help me please help me please
Haaaa
As m educational consultant wrkng on literacy development in Rajasthan of India sir st.sheethal school now i am where ur quotation is there :D says " learning to program stretches ur mind  creative mind helping all domains " :D itseems. Nice of u sir. Do U also hav Indian quotes)
Need to see you, and your contact details to inform you on certain issues in Nigeria.
so I have to "sign up" for a "free" excerpt?! Bill, when do we "stop" asking others to sign up for things?! It's never enough for you, is it Bill?!
good lucky
What do you consider developed. Is the US developed? MLK was shot 50 years ago this coming April 4th.  Americans are more divided more racist, more cruel than ever. Your man of tech but you’ve done nothing to change having less than 1% black representation in silicone valley
People create divisions. If people change their perspectives, there will be no division
Those the rich have exploited and those they are about to 
Sounds like an interesting book.
How is his data compiled n over how many years? In Sweden of course ppl r better off than anywhere.  Thanks 4 sharing...
Super sir
Hi Bill, warmest regards.!
Ive been trying to access your blog on my phone but i think maybe there is a congestion problem. Would really love to read this article. Thanx
Any donation can help
Please Bill Gates Run for President
Hello Bill. It's early to talk with you .. The difference in time is big ..
In general, so, the question is simple to you. Do you personally think that Russia is an enemy of the United States? Is the downloading book available in Russian?
Throw a link ..
Does your plan hire army vets that can't pay their bills or provide for their families?  Just wondering. I have another solution. It involves whiskey and a rope
(Offered) - hans unfortunately isnt with us anymore
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
definitely
With so much movement towards unification, shouldn't we also look into making language less divisive?
tele YouTube et twitter en meme temps c'est genial avec Windows 10 et ibm
thank you very much
Humanity is continously developing and evolving at different levels and rates. We all are.
thank you message.
Thanks for the sharing! Global asset allocation decisions are still largely divided along the labels of “Developed Markets”, “Emerging Markets”, and “Frontier Markets”.
Nice teamwork!
Especially if some of the latter are poor in rate or quantity of resource-extraction due to the prior activities of the former
#skipped
See what we were talking today @CLRucinski
New concept for you guys: "class war". It's global. See Trotsky. Best
Hi
@gretchenho
Bill, help pay for my college tuition!
Wow you such wonderful amazing kindhearted gentleman that has sow seeds of hope kindness help such inspiration thanks
Good bill
Good book.  It is in my Amazon shopping list.
Nice book
Sweden misses him. The world should too. The many ways he tried to enlighten people  with his creativity and individuality is unparalleled. Thanks @BillGates for sharing his work.
Thank you
Just more proof that capitalism is nothing but a slavery machine
America has been a developing country for a year and a half now.
Excellent
I hold you in esteem.
I think 『Developed』is wrong point★
Hello Mr Bill Gates 
Do you allow me to ask one question .؟
could you reach the industry of microsoft ? and what it reached of science experience if you were a Saudi .
Sir, Why UN never suggested india and china to keep eye on their population, just removing the word "cancer" from dictionary won't cure it.
Ever heard about the "one family, one child" policy in China?
Thats nice
zacarani krug bede, siromastva i lazne nade od denalija izdanje 2015
Thank you GATE
That's real thruth
God bless you 

.
What ever in joy my money
I don’t like the comparison at all Bill most developing countries have better education  and systems they lack progressive governments and developed countries lack better governments where kids sleep on streets and elderly are not taken care off.
Thanks Bill.
Africa is the richest continent on earth,and you white nose greedy crap raping everything over there not knowing what too do with those sources,except reaching for a trillion,Shame shame shame,Happy eastern not Easter without mercy.
Damn right!Equality in status is needed for the economical progress worldwide!Regards to pretty #Phoebe!
@BillGates Mr Bill, I am one of your million fans. My self by profession Control & Automation engineer. I have a plan to connect all the farmers in India in a network and provide them metrological data and many other supports. Can you support me any way? plan to share with you.

Truest
The treatment starts from the stomach
It's the truth and I've done it 
  Alzheimer's disease
Are you in Saudumia?
Hello
I'm from saudi arabia
How can I help you?

.
Hi sir i love you
Can i have a small loan of a billion dollars
You know what is right and I know I am better than all that's why things are happening in that way.
What u think about #INDIA
Hans Rosling is special. It's such a pleasure listening to him on Youtube !
Did he die? I'm so sad!
thank you
US scientists launch world's biggest solar geoengineering study
thank you
. This is very nice
Conversation
Bill Gates
Bill Gates
@BillGates
It’s hard to pick up on progress if you divide the world into developed countries and developing countries. In his newly-released book, Hans Rosling offers a better framework.
Hi
Another good reason to rethink religion, a cult, that separates people instead of joining them together.
Bill, some practitioners say ALL countries are developing, and this is a useful framework.
Yes perhaps one days earth is a one country ... one day ? ... now all people is divided , is the earth evolution , more difference, rich, poor, health, eat, @Water , employement, money ... on day perhaps a solution , a big big work
Obrigado
hey bill, can u develop a software that can check someone feeling.. Maybe it can safe someone life..
Definitively
Thank you Engineer GATE
emerging economies
When I was young (in the 60-ies) they were called "underdeveloped countries". (for example Africa.) Which I NEVER believed in. (bullshit.) 
We need a border less unified earth. ..then only we can transfer the development to every humankind on this earth equally...to get that i pray for an alien threat to our earh..
