It's true that education is the best way to break the cycle of poverty but in most African countries educated elites are worsening the impact of poverty by replying on governments for white collar jobs instead of creating their own Jobs
Bill as an educator I agree one hundred percent. How can I get in touch with your organization to work for your causes? #putting the PHD forsocialcauses
Now that education is the key it's time to think about the kind of education that is necessary and I don't think that STEM should be at the top of the list.
There is a need for personal and social education. What it means to be an individual and member of a society.
Why not challenge to become President? You have more intellect and depth than the current incumbent and are loved by more for your altruistic activities. People are sick of career politicians that live in the short term and need a leader with substance and compassion, and no ego.
Plus better fathering....money can't teach that
I need your personal email address so that I can discuss with you the problems and the possible solutions.
Education should also not be confused with degrees.  Too many people with degrees who don't contribute to their own happiness or society's.  Educate people to learn about their strengths and passion in life then they will contribute at their peak of ability and achieve happiness.
Thats why parents go through hell just to make sure their kids get quality education
Very true if you're actually referring to an education in science, math, history, English, etc.; as opposed to what our educational system is now, liberal indoctrination and brainwashing, training up our children to be activist as opposed to employable contributing citizens.
Nice sir
On the other hand Africa governments are not doing the Honourable thing by boosting the private sector to encourage the youth to engage themselves profitably in their own created businesses
is their a way to help the native indians at sd or the reservation  one community at a time
Lastly, we all have different learning styles and our learning abilities develop over time at different rates.  Having a narrow education system, elementary, middle, high, college, masters, PhD, doesn't help individuals achieve their best when they are ready leaving many behind.
Ok
Of course education would be part of the solution. However the other part would be Financial resources" restitution and the truth.
Sir I want to join your Foundation as a volunteer to serve mankind.
I have worked/lived/educated in East Africa for 20 yrs as a physician educator and teaching African doctors and nurses how to solve the problems in this setting will directly impact poverty, the patient and the provider and the families of both.
As a teacher, I can tell you that the current system is broken. In most states, education is not preparing students to be creative in the 21st century. Most districts are preparing students for the week to week paycheck, especially in the inner city schools. We need a new system.
Poverty isn't a color.  It's widespread over African American, "White" and other Immigrant Communities.  #BeColorBlind - #HelpThoseInNeed not those of particular color or one "class" of humanity. #EducationEmpowersAll  #Education4All  #EducationOpensDoors  #OpenMindsOpenDoors <3
So true, education is the key to success!
yes I also agree with your twitter sir be cause I'm also student
yes indeed it sure is  keep up the good work cheers to u and everyone there
Great!  
Harnessing these young minds for a brighter future for us all! 
Super great!
sir, In INDIA it is pathetic and shocking even after scoring 96% in academics , kids cant get opportunity to study medical......but scoring 50% minimum marks  if you got enough money we can get medical seat....., who will bell the cat ...
Washington should be next on your bucket list.
Education plus resources
You're very right about that. Education.....uncomparable
Straight outta updates, crazy motherfucker named Bill Gates. From the band named Billionaires With An Attitude
ThinkAfrica ThinkZim
Wav
We also need to add "consciousness" in the curriculum!
mon père et décédé depuis 25ans je vous demande de m'aider a avoir une carte d'invitation chez vous
I wonder....did you think through and build on existing ideas or dramatically rethink as a result of what was learnt?
Yes, I believe in your projects... Let people get educated both the rich and poor. God bless you and your team!
Ur a great Man Bill!!
My god bill gates
$500 milin. Go to school owner ..child havent right eduction ..
Can you help me to better life
Please help human rights
Its true Mr Gates as long as education is coupled with opportunities
thanks for your charity sir
Absolutely true
Taking a look at my wound healing discovery would help as it's a one time application
Good
Very good Bill and Belinda.
Yhah sure Dad
Hi bro 
Per month how many bill u get
Spare me a few minutes 

Listen to LANDR - Toosleek Butterfly Girl ( Airplanes Cover ) by toosleek #np on #SoundCloud
Please help me
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Education is only not enough mr gates we need a more practical oriented education hope u get it
Rotary international also working for literacy together we can serve better congratulations to ur dedicated efforts to heal humanity 
@naodephrem Great Job!!!
Hello  sar i help me 200000 give me
How about you run for President?
Thanks@BillGates in Uganda we need education too more so me +256753498267
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.com/2018/02/the-lateste-tech-news-32.html …
Can i become your son in law
https://twitter.com/OfficialTRCoin?s=09 …
God bless you our role model
True Very true

Sir, am creative in media production and i wish you can assist me in making my dream project to reality. Looking forward to hear from you.
Rightly put & Great work Sir !!!
I like you sir, education is the best something in the world. 
Wow nice thinking
I do not think so. But it may be vary , according to the person , the place... Here the educated one is getting less compared to uneducated labour....
God Bless your great thoughts
Didn't Melinda Gates head up the failed Microsoft Bob project?

She was an affirmative action hire?

Now she Virtue Signals with his billions

Goofy

-

#SiliconValley #SiliconValleyHBO #MAGA #FoxNews #BillGates #tcot #PJNET #ccot #CPAC2018 #NRA #Hannity #Tucker #tuckercarlson
Bill, we break the cycle by showing kids that financial education and action steps can lead them to financial security. #KidsVest.org
I Am Going 2Go Now IWant 2Rest & IWant 2Read. I Never Mean 2B Haughty Or Brag. I'm So Frustrated Over The Greed Of Politician & Not Only Are They In Bed 2Gether_They Are Humping The Legs Of The NRA & 1Another...Like A ttyl
God bless the Gate's! Your quest is divine,and takes aim at hate and bigotry. n 1964, I left Elba, AL a high grad of a segregated South.Ambition to practice Law! Watching college students beat with pipes and chains by union workers, and encouraged by cops, I entered publicwork.
@BillGates how about #program that #helps #troubled #teens who now want to #change their life #path & want a #chance at a #career in #computers & #technology. My 19 year old son who built his own computer w/no experience or training. single moms can’t afford tuition. #techsavvy
Well said Sir Gates. If education was not valuable, it would not have been denied from the many generations of people born since the time of slavery and indentured servitude. If we are to truly reverse the ills the plague our nation, we must improve access to education nationwide
Education is one thing but unmployment is another one. Both should be tackled together to help people survive ....
great  work
very trure education is the key to end poverty...
hi sir how are you i want meet you can you help me
thanks @BillGates , Only study just ear a lot of money
what motivates a  man so applied with so much knowledge years and years of studies  biology, chemistry, agronomy among other studies one of today's greatest  minds to care about other people as Mr. bill gates cares?
Therefore education it should given a big role to play
Thanks to good education, 
I have a happy life.
I think human being  should find it
Important to study many things.
I live in Atlanta and would love nothing more than to work for your foundation to help you achieve your goals.
Boost education spending.. stop sports & Hollywood where only few people succeed
Is there any chances to different nationality to share your programs , I'm from Egypt- Afica ?!
Africa
Ilove to eaducation 
thanks you 
grateful
Absolutely correct idea
I think d best solution 2 eradicate poverty is thru education nd dis cn only be possible if dey ar enough scholarship cos youth ar suffering
please help Uganda too.....my falling country
Could Bill Gates like this comment!  I can hardly believe he can do that! (Friendship..???) Perhaps
Thank You.
Revealation13:15-18_18:1-4 Oh_Now Can You We They See The Markings Of The Beast How The Calculations? The Beast Is In Direct Opposition 2TheWord Of God Recall TheGreedyMerchants=NRA & Bad Religion The3R Misleading DestroyingHumans Lives & Misrepresenting God
Sir I request you kindly do some donations for northeast India's poor intelegent students for their higher studies. And also for the startups and entrepreneurs who are waiting for an opportunity.
Poverty is a devastating cycle whose victims see no choices, no opportunities, no resources to escape their condition. Children who are born into the cycle tend to get trapped in the atmosphere of hopelessness. Education is the key to breaking the cycle of generational poverty.

Great work
Sir ji please help me.... please sir...9582178728
@BillGates i think is not the best way but the ONLY.... in countrys like where I live, education is the difference between poverty and food at table every single day. Hope here, we have people like you and your wife, which give not only your time but your monetary support
Whatever you can do is great!  Things in our country have deteriorated. Don’t just throw money at the problem though. There’s too much waste as it is. You are appreciated.
You sir are absolutelyright. Im a conservative Christian that grew up very poor. I was on my own at 15 and been working since age 11. The one constant for moving forward in this life for me has been my love of learning. It has pulled me up from poverty along with my faith
They have to want to study Bill. They get a free pass and 76% quit. The another 18% fail out. Only 6% make it and don’t look hard enough for work so go figure. No tuition to pay for so what’s the deal?
Yes, more funding to public schools for better food and facilities in areas like India will make a big difference.
that is a good recognition
Sir, may God bless you and your family
Thank you for Xbox love you
Absolutely right sir
Một sự tuyệt vời cho nhân loại chúc ngài vui !
HELP FOR A FAMILY OF SIX FROM POLAND (wikunialalunia3@gmail.com) please contact
God  bless  u  sir          your  good  and  Great  person  in the  wold       .
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
true. education makes one anti-poverty literate!
The whole universe in a human brain. 
If humanity has the hope not to destroy itself, this can only be achieved by education.
Very true, Education transform minds and mind makes everything
That's great way to face the menace of poverty!
Could you lend me 15 million dollars
Tour are con the right way, Mr Gates. Keep up...!!
If you are #looking for a #unique #cool #EyeCatching logo DM me. 
Why you use me:
#100% satisfaction guaranty 
A Unique #Creative #minimalist and #Modern #Logo #Design Ideas.
#Fullcopy right
Order me  here https://goo.gl/msnYDB 

#logo #branding #identity #graphicdesigner
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.in/2018/02/the-latest-tech-b.html?m=1 …
Great
And indeed transform our world on many other fronts too! #worldeducation
Welcome to Kenya
Education is the key of life
Very True Sir.  I believe that Educator is the one who can cross all the boundaries to make education possible.
Amazing job you are doing
Hans from Sweden  confirmed just that.
Undoubtedly only education can change the society.Your organisation is doing great work in the world especially in Bihar(India).I belong to Bihar and I can see the positive effect of your work at ground level. We the People of Bihar owe you Mr.Gates.
KERALA IS PERFECT EXAMPLE FOR THE SAME .
https://twitter.com/LitYourCandle  ادعموني ليستفيد الجميع
Years ofcourse and help them with jobs vacancy
Yes!  This is why my life is committed to free high quality public education opportunities around the globe!
after 70 MILLION SOULS DEAD IN WORLD WAR 2 , we have come to a CASH ORIENTED highly connected world & LAPTOPS are the hottest 2 SALES/um*
Education changes fate
2 MR BILL GATES / MICROSOFT USA , we are in a CASH ORIENTED WORLD & technical education minimum to WORKFORCE IS THE LEADER & 2 majority/um*
That maybe true in the United state, Europe or some other country but in Nigeria, the country where I come from, poverty recycles more so after your education. Millions of youth waste away despite academic progress and their brilliant ideas.
Man with golden ...always help the people ......
Another way is 2 provide them some soure of income ( Work or jobs )
2 MR BILL GATES /MICROSOFT USA , ithink selling 100 million washing machines by government subsidizing will create millions of jobs2CASH/um*
You are a wonderful person
Waiting to see you on one off the "Big Bang Theory" episode.
I was poverty stricken my whole life why don't you help me man
Education is key to many things. However, the youth need to be made aware of education long-term benefits; its not quick money but a lifetime change in every way, almost. Thank you @BillGates
Hi great work
MY story need some one to discover .. Ifight always against illitracy .. ihope to get areal opprtunite to go to university and study .. so iwill #NeverGiveUp.. To stop say that to whole world #Sudan #uae #ksa #uk #fr
Good evening Mr Gates.I write you this  stressed.I am a born and raised New Yorker City teacher working in the South Bronx 14 hours a day.I worked fulltime in construction while studying just to pay my bills and get my degree.Currently I owe $80,000 in student loans. @BillGates
I feel like im drowning in debt with no end in site. The dream of having a family and owning a home seems impossible as years pass. I was always taught go to school study and you will be financially successful. Could not be further from the truth.@BillGates
Same ethos shared by Kofi Annani & Nelson Mandela. Great leaders indeed
Bill Gates in the hood!
I would love to invite you and/or your wife Belinda at a Summit called BE1: Being One Together whose mission is to promote social entrepreneurship internationally.  Can I have your email to send you some intel?  Thanks you! From Mireille
Investing your resources on the poor in the United States is great. They have been ignored for so long. I now live in California but know many friends in the flyover states that feel abandoned by the new Silicon Valley millionaires.
Of course it's wonderful. But a lot of people think about how they live this day, where they find bread or earn bread. And so for example our country, many people with higher education are homeless.
I am POSITIVE there are many places that could use help, but you just can't get to them all.  I'm sure 'you do' what you can do, which is more than many others would even 'think to do'.  Thank you for caring about others when you don't have to.
Have always admired your work.  I think parenting resources and education for adults raising children in poverty will speed up the process.  Support at home is the best way to help us as teachers at school.
educations types,to make people self sustainable and independent to eliminate poverty other is to make dependent on others.
Education  is a panacea for all ills.
Appreciate your herculean efforts in this direction .
Donate more money before God call you
As a teacher teaching in the Title 1 school that I attended as a kid....I totally agree. Thank you for supporting kids like me.
Education is not the best way to break cycle of poverty, the only way is how the people like you really care & not to talk bullshit
Right sir..
Hii
Help me with xbox one x :)
Bill and Melinda... join me in eliminating malnutrition.
I think that eventually society will realize that the first years (seven is my understanding ) of a persons life are so formative that they may well determine everything after. Let that sink in.
Thanks for sharing. We, at AWE American Women Empower Real Estate and Development, are dedicated to leading Buffalo down the road Atlanta has followed. We believe in leaving no neighborhood behond and empowering through education. Plz keep it coming, very inspirational.
We need more people on Earth like Bill and Melinda Gates. It makes me happy to read your tweets.
can you direct message me ?
There's so much to be discovered through philanthropy. The universe has a way of mirroring back to us all that we put into it. What we give to The Earth and others is reciprocated within our essences exponentially 
I’m not asking for your money I’m asking for your advertisement to get the message out to people who possibly could help me! It cost you nothing! Please help me! Please!
Please please please help me! I’m crying out to the world for help! Please somebody, anybody, please help me!
What's you want to do
Good Better Best
Thank you for supporting higher education initiatives! #Achievingthedream
You are the Touchstone of every single life.
Totally agree . I lived that life as a kid. Free breakfast and lunch programs also helped me in having a better attitude towards school. But as an individual you need to want to break that cycle. That should be part of the education process.
I implore you to help put security systems in schools like Southwestern HS in IN. The safest school in America.
