There are so many other places that need health workers.... Why are u so particular about this squad.... Loll... U like better thing she.
Don’t you think Nigeria actually has the resources to fight polio? I mean, if the ruling elites actually stopped enriching themselves first.
lots of love from india
Gn
Thank you sirs for your passionate work on these sectors. Let us not leave anyone behind...refugees and displaced persons are often invisible. We need to include them in these programs
I lived in Lagos from 1983-1986. On my first visit back to Houston, I was vaccinated again for polio. My physician argued but I insisted.   #Yoruba  #Bill&MelindaareBlessings #iloveY’allBill&Melinda  #KeepDoingGoodWorks
What's your point?
Polio has never been eradicated.
We highly welcome both of you on what you have been providing for charity. May the supreme lord of the universe to protect you from misfortune
@AlikoDangote is a hero of mine. Just featured him in our upcoming book #AfricaArrives, coming out in late April.
Change the World Mr Gates...every country you touchLovePeaceHarmony.
"HealthCare Is The First Most Important Priority Of Sustainable Principles, Majority Of Nations Need This Kind Of Support, There Is No #Humanity Without #Health"

#HealthCare
Woow! That's humanity. God bless.
Yesssss
You are doing such wonderful, meaningful, impactful work Mr. @BillGates and I just want to say "thank you" and God bless you. You are an inspiration.
@BillGates we will love to see you in Sierra Leone. God bless you for all the good work you do for Africa
Sir @BillGates you also need to empower the entrepreneurs in Nigeria because we truly need your help sir. Nigeria has powerful rich men but they hardly invest in youths in Nigeria (only very very few does). We truly need your help sir
that's sounds much better. Most African societies faces a lot of such problems.
Great job for humanity.

Sir we request you to plz visit to #Bihar #INDIA also. Need your help for #hospital in #villages
grate people have grate work love  from Pakistan
Great
Your contribution to humanity is enormous.
Please help me
Bill I wonder how many lives you have saved and changed for the better?
In this modern age people are more likely to cause pain to others, yet you and your family have done the opposite .
But wait, didn’t you say to use vaccines for population control? Maybe I listened to the interview wrong. I will have to watch it again.
"Reducing the population growth" yuk. However, if you go on his foundation page, he tries to justify that comment with saying something about people having less kids in result of reduced death bc of vaccines. Good word play, doesn't fool me.
Thank you for the visit and I wish you a happy trip.
Olowo shoore olowo...hmnnn
You are highly welcome for your visting to nigeria and other country bought you and others people may god bless you i wish you more years ahead may almighty protect you 4rm the evil plan l also wish you all the best
ilove that what about uganda
Na only vaccines dem they allow go round but when it comes to funds.....nay
Your love fo Africa is real, can’t wait fo you n Uganda one time
@BillGates  YOU ARE A BLESSING TO THE WOULD MOST ESPECIALLY AFRICANS. WE LOVE YOU!!!!!!!
Meanwhile, others thought you came to raise the bar of Nigeria wedding...
Great work!!
Great human, Mr. Bill Gates

I am glad that the contribution of my country #Saudi_Arabia is present there too, as it appears in the background sign.
Welcome to Africa once again
We are so glad for your visiting to Nigeria. Hope get back to home safe and wish you  all the best!
well done,but it's time to help the under age children who r working for u in DRC mines,the video i saw is shocking
You have to come in Tanzania  too
Lots of African countries have the means to combat these calamities but our dear  ruling elites won't stop being selfish and corrupt
Sir you done great sir. Wish to meet you one day sir..
Need a nurse with 32 years experience to help?
Longeviter a vous
Why can't I have friends like this 
Bill Hopefully will learn how to speak Arabic..
Sir I am eager to join Microsoft
Sir I am extremely impressed from you ,the way you help the poor people financially and give them hope and motivate them.once you came to Pakistan and you offered arfa Kareem to join Microsoft .you wanted to help arfa but unfortunately she died and I am a big fan of you.
Waw great job bills visit uganda also
Thanks for your visit sir, we do appreciate your coming and your love for Nigeria.
Your work is fabulous sir.. Long live your fame
also welcome in Tanzania for investment Sir
Good
That is a fantastic decision and a great tour to Africa... We do appreciate your sympathy @BillGates
A good positive thanks to the wedding. Your nobility helps in making our World a better place. #Grateful 
#HealTheWorld #GatesFoundation 
Hope you had a great time at Lagos! #VictoriaIsland 
I want to ask you guy ，thanks for what？
Issoriat
@BillGates @AlikoDangote
Is the dude in the back Chad?
.... Olowo Lon sore olowo.... God make me GRATE...
Too god
Get out .
Nice sir
How about including lower extremity healthcare programs like diabetic limb salvage and amputation prevention, clubfoot, and reconstructive foot & ankle surgery? @FootAid is the NPO making the difference in developing countries lower extremity healthcare. http://www.footaid.org 
You are a star, Bill.
wow..... This is beautiful 
God Jeová bless America,God Jeová bless the world,God Jeová bless you all brothers and sisters true believers and all the children of the world,from Jesus Cristo David Lamb of God,King of kings,lord of the lords,son of God Jeová-Jah-!
Bill, if you cure malaria, I'll forgive you for Windows...
Great move sir
Globalist
One of the biggest gifts you can give someone today is your time and attention. Learn to cut back on time spent on the phone and social media. Facebook. Twitter. Snapchat. Instagram. They can all wait. Focus your attention on your family and rekindle meaningful relationships!
Lots of love  from Zimbabwe.
A grand hats off for such wealthy work
Nice 
The health sector is a very important aspect of our daily life’s. Good u are involved to improve it.
Great cause 
And he didn't say anything about the wedding 
I want to be your friend...
Murderer!
Well done sir.
lsir mujhe bhi bahut kuch karna hai apni life mai please sir give me a chance...khud ke liye mhi bahuto ke liye bannana h kuch
Bill Gates a million of people are watchin u so make an advice for everyone
Hope you will extend this all important visit to Ghana too. The global cooperation for international development will be glad to welcome you and Aliko Dangote to Tamale Northern Region to tour the Northern Savannah Ecological Zone strengthen primary health care.
And attending his daughter’s wedding! That was cool 
Great job by great people . As is well known , prevention of diseases is not only better it is cheaper
Great men making impact in the lives of Many.
Thanks for all you doing but certainly you missed the mark about Nigeria. We live in Nigeria and we know what we want immediately. Thanks for all your effort at improving human life, mostly in a country like Nigeria.
I'm ready to take you to my Village  @BillGates
amen in Jesus name
Thank you sir
Thank for your selflessness  through huge investments for various health research undertakings along with disease eradication. I soloute you great men.
hope you visit Zinbabwe one day
Daddy come and rule Nigeria pls, get us out of this misery
Your are doing Gods work, keep it up.
Cool, I didn't see any then?
Think you the boss !!!
Hope  discussion went well
This is one dude who properly thinks of the children.
I mean WORLD LOL
Great works sir continue.......
you are welcome to Libya too,libyan need your help in many area and all the best to you,where ever you go.
Welcome to kenya
Why don't you take care off the black kids here?
Very good sir , u r really great person....,,,,, ....
Drivers
Best wishes for a great marathon.
O Billy boy why don't you sell your gun stock then use that money to join the fight for gun control.
We’re looking at the 6th Extinction and it’s primarily caused by people like you. The One %.
Dear Sir, please help us. I am very poor
Well done job
good deeds never be erased 
Sir God will bless you and your family forever for your good work
thats respect to humanity
As for me i think the country has a whole lot to focus on rather than polio vaccine and the rest, am not saying those issues ain't vital but Nigeria has come along way to be talking about polio etc. We have for instance malaria which is talk of the day. Farming
So is it bill Gates or Dangote’s  obligation. The way most of think sometimes is totally OP, be grateful for the service they offer.
life saving vacines like in india ? where you experientated on kids and many died .
Right people don’t know he is part of the depopulation agenda.
pure evil with a baby face
With all due respect Mr. Gates, you made your fortune in the USA. Why aren't you helping the people in your own country? I appreciate your foreign efforts, I really do, but many at home need help as well. Help Americans first so they can help your efforts overseas. Just a thought
He made his fortune globally. There are more Microsoft users internationally than in America.
His fortune was 1st made in the USA. The product Windows was 1st made in the USA. As the product became popular, it grew into the global marketplace.
Factually incorrect. Microsoft had been operating globally for a decade before their IPO, which made him a billionaire, took place in 1986.
welcome Sir
Great
Yes  we need more of this.
I want to further my education on IT sector, will support me financially? thank you sir.
You should be president  mr.gates
You always show mercy and kindness
That what is the world needs!
God bless and reward you two for your good works to humanity
Finding cure for HIV /AIDS wud be great!!
Really very good sir
This is great! But when are you coming to Uganda Sir!
great Sir..
Good work sir pls
There is real need for education on Higene and basic first aid in this parts of Africa. Many schools lack basic toilets and facilities.
What a wonderful cause to improve healthcare around the world! @Hitaji_Org
Good work sir pls try and explore the poorest countries in Africa they also need your help.
bill plz help me
Hello sir
Welcome to My Country. Let me next you visit Sir
Sir hatsoff to you...you are a true inspiration for everyone..
salute to your effort sir.

Great man!
Have you thought about visiting RD Congo where 70% of technology materials are from...
good good @BillGates
A man of honour. We love you.
Mr. @BillGates, this visit when in Angola?
U should Also visit Pakistan one day, u will be honoured greatly
Must give a person great satisfaction, to be able to do and do. But hey, do you ever rest? Have you honestly ever seen anything the like extended to you? Just saying.......
Pls come and save Ghana's economy as well.
Great  thanks
Fantastic sir!!!!!!!!!!!!!
God bless you for your good plans. I wish you long life in good health. Peace be unto you.
Thanks for all ur good work.
The world is blessed of having you and Mrs.Gates
Your help full man
good work
we are waiting you in
 #sudan
#africa
As a matter of priority, polio life saving vaccines for northern children is a welcome development.
Great opportunity to get our students to follow this work.
Great job Happy Easter Bill & @AlikoDangote
Sir can you give me .90% of money if you have
Great Sir
sir,but still mosquito wriggle out in our shanty homes
This visitation will create a better impression about Nigeria
"Should your food be your best medicine"( Hippocrates )
I believe this is a great collaboration
Great Job.. Mr. BILL GATE SIR... I AM RAJIV FROM NEPAL....
Ur #Depopulation agenda for #Igbos won't work this time
We're fully alert n prepared for u
#RealMonster
I hope  you visit  morocco
Thanks so much..
Thank you for your concern. Can you please look better into the Educational sector of the country please?  @Mbuhari @NigeriaInfoFM @aauadvancement @Prinxlouis @akinalabi
Great work!
Good one
I had 2 people that lived with me from Africa and they came in the country through studying. Within 1 year they were pregnant and got married so they got their permanent residency while people that are trying to do it the legal way don't make it
Your own America treat people with disdain and have lost their way but you donate to Chad I do not understand. Please help me understand. Knowledge is power but not wisdom.
I understand you are putting your money where your mouth is but please enlighten me would it not be better to donate money to people that have good insight into fairness, ethics, morality, then they will pass it on much faster than your healthcare? just a question
