The blessed man of God , You are the man of all humanity , Father of the poor I ask you the blessed man to help me with a small project helps me and my little family 
répondre au elyhaida1965@gmail.com
Fon +22246878151 
I am Mauritanian
#गीतासार
If u want to know who is your Master than plz once visit

http://Supremegod.org 
I am my own master
Thanks for making them happy 
Good luck with that
Thank you so much
Nice Sir Bill Gates how ar you sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me
What
Strength in Number s! @rachelbtiven and @DavidColeACLU @KantorRandy
Cacilda is doing a great work, I am happy she is making a great impact.
Hello
love what she’s doing.we stand for humanity 
Well quoted

Hi big boss! I'm a development agent im a NGO in DRC but I need your financial help for communitary development projects
Strength in Number s!
I think always I am alone in this life !
Hi mr BillGates
Good evening father of the lower and victims peoples
      Yes..... are not alone because your helping the peoples
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
@ billgates such a good job.,..done by the women..she has been saving more lives..
Yes , God is with all of us , If will allow him to come and work within us. Definitely he can heal allow kind of diseases
Maybe @billgates u should ask your deepstate buddies why they created aids in first place/ I mean u are tryin to end suffering aren’t u? Hmmmmm nodeals forplayers!
Thanks for sharing this story. Heroes are not always the wealthy ones.
But why still there is HIV ppl....cant ppl understand hygine n health issues ?
tax saving nice
Please think of Yemeni Children suffering from what the UN called it as the world worst humanitarian crisis.
Children are starving to death. it is time to #SaveYemenNow #YemenCantWait
Thats goood text

now the great issues  are going on in tamilnadu

can you do your part to resolve it

plz,,,,.

Nice http://keep.it  up...vest wishes with you mam....

Great mission to complish
Super  #inspiration #Hope #struggle #life
Yana but for schizophrenics you are not alone. I got sick at CTI college in 2003 and I am happy at yana home we got free WiFi yana stands for you are not alone and its a blessing that I don't have HIV but God been good to me
I don’t believe that in this case words  do not count as much as medical aid.
Mr. Gates need your help! 8 brain tumors, type 2 diabetes, degenerating disc disease, peripheral neuropathy, rheumatoid arthritis. Need handicap friendly home.
https://gogetfunding.com/?p=5554198 
المحترم بيل جيتس ، هل ممكن تساعدني أعمل لديك كسائق ، أحمل رخصة قيادة درجة أولى مهنية من مصر ، أسمى أحمد وهذا رقم هاتفى 01284333990
Address: Azerbaijan, Baku, Khazar district, Bina settlement, Sovkhoz area, House: 0124
Hi, I do not have a computer. I can not get a computer because I'm too poor. I'm very keen to give you a computer gift. I want others to be my computer and I go to computer courses. I'll be a programmer in the future.
Please give me your blessing on this new year to get the opportunity to fully change the World.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.

Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
With God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision to devote their resources 

....to solving society's problems..... to philanthropic causes.

.....to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.

The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.

Brother, Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
You don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.

Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
6- I have great respect for all religions

I belong to Software Industry..working in one of the top S/W company for the last 13 yrs...want to contribute in this social Service.
Please think about "Why Shooting in school/Colleges"...Gun Culture...Lack of Moral value"

Need of Hour is providing "Behavioral Social Service" with high moral value....through producing Movie.

We will focus on the similarities in all religions to make PEACE in the World.
2-Alcoholism & Pornography -- Answer--"For relaxation" & Pleasure
3-Drug -- Answer-- For relaxation, lifing up mood & Pleasure
4-Pre marital Sex- Marriage problems & Divorce
5-Absence of money awareness-Demand their parent..because of bad/rich friends
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.

I will include these bad habits of Youth

1-Smoking -- Answer--"For relaxation","Cool","Friends sake" & other reasons.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation. Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.

Brother, One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
Our Movie will handle this "DATING" (a serious disease for our society, mainly for our young generation) in perfect manner.

What about glorifying Courting (Courtship).... with high moral value..in our Movie ? ....Please provide your Input.
Women & children normally suffer the most after a divorce, both in terms of quality of life and emotional well-being.

What is the REASON behind this...... "DATING"..... having relationships before marriage...in the name of Freedom......Simple..
The median length for a marriage in the U.S. today is 11 years with 90% of all divorces being settled out of court.

With these DATA.........Please think about KIDS's.
between 40% and 60% of new marriages will eventually end in divorce. 

The probability within... the first five years is 20%, and the probability of its ending within the first 10 years is 33%.
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for Movie.With God's grace.......will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.

"Married adults now divorce two-and-a-half times as often as adults did 20 years ago and four times as often as they did 50 years ago.....
Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.

After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
You have 45.6M followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD ... even FILTER can't stop....will try

Please tell me if I am wrong for having a dream of a movie produced by you to show the right direction to our young generation.
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" .I want to contribute in this social service.

Brother,I hope you will produce one unique movie to show the right direction to our Young generation.Very real & Simple.......  no Fiction
I am IT professional.With God's grace & your help, I can Write, Act & Direct such Movie.Please think in different way of Social Service.

This unique Movie will make Huge profit as well as contribute PEACE to world and brotherhood.Please discuss this in BOD Meeting.
You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter these issues is pending from your side.

Movies show BIG impact on society, Please plan the production of such movie for welfare of our young generation.
Wishing you and your family a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year 2018.

Good Morning Brother, Now a days High moral standards are totally missing in Our Movies & reducing rapidly in our society.
We r always with you
Bill, keep up the good work supporting them.

“You’re not alone.”
#Billgates #arigatoproject
Mr. Bill Gates I need  help . I hope to communicate with me
How are you
Beautiful heart and mined always make positive impact.
Hello good day sir,
Pls i need help
真是天使，真是人格上的富豪！
I know that I am not alone with my disease either.
I can help you with some cash for ur disease
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you


Cool 
Jai hind
steady sir
Save humanity from sexual abuses and HIV. Great!
Right #Education Right #Media  Right #Environment save  #Children #Girls #Women from #Physical  #Mental #Sexual #Abuses. 
Life is a second name of love.....this is offered of heart...thank u sir love u sir

Fight  cacilda. 
Many thanks Mr. Gates, God bless you

I must be responsible of all what I had done,  I did, I have done, I do, I am doing, I will do, I will be doing, I will have been doing....
You can run a massive social networking to help clean & revive the Holy Ganga. India has given you so much
But I am more optimistic than he is. I think innovation

Bill please read my tweets before is so late.  They are pulling a spaceship off New Papua Guinea.  This will trigger all volcanos.  And it will start disaster in this planet.
@isabelaangola @AlikoDangote @Jumpman23 @McDermedFox9 @drdre @Diddy @50cent @ava @FINALLEVEL @BIRDMAN5STAR @icecube @AmeerahAltaweeL @Maijiddam @Magda_Wierzycka @SnoopDogg @marissamayer @StriveMasiyiwa @PaulEalyMooney @MMbinRashid @Reem_Alwaleed @stevewoz

#MODERNDAYLYNCHING7 – at Paisley Park Studios
So, we are not alone!
You're not alone~
I think it has a lot of meanings.
Thank you Bill Gates~^^~
How do I know that is true.
这些人需要的仅仅是一个拥抱٩(๑^o^๑)۶
She is alone
I nees help bill can you plz help toy r us i rlly love that store my youtube channel will go down wothout this store plz help the store this will start troible around the world the world needs the company and toy  r us
Dm me I could help you with some cash
#PROFILEZ #HelpWhenItCounts
Hello, good evening sir
Sir i am spinal cord injury man,my lower half not working,
I want my treatment or minimum quilty of life possible,
In my country no any such treatment or any rehabilitation center please help me I am on bad have a 4 children,
My Email:hassan.najam5@gmail.com
Phon# +92-336-9260777
We can not recover by words. Taste isolation as time to face reality. 

How shall we face the reality? 

Are we interested and concerned about my own illness?
Boss, che aggiornamento avete messo in rete per Windows 10 ?! Non funziona più niente !!!!
Hat's off you Bill Gates Sir, unique person u r
When my funds are transfered?, please transfer my fund now or today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, my phone : 6287727310455, please support my project, urgent
late, Bill !!!
Perhaps the beginning of the Third World War in Syria .. Spasio to you. BILL !!!
HIV must be eradicated, if we concentrate on Effective Vaccine instead of pretending that we can find a CURE.  Most diseases are still preventable..... PREVENTION is always better than Cure __  a Reminder from @PAPAWELLNESS1
I need $80.000,- to help an eldery person. The use is to pay taxes that after some years its has been generate and now in his penshion (66) they send him an amount that he can't pay. Help me and I will do anything to repay you back.
Dm me I can help you pay
Stay awoke people  use your innate guidance to discern whats really going on
When you come India gates open please come
God bless you lady
Would love to connect to get advise from you regarding a child trying to save
ne znam ni ja šta priča čovek veruj mi
it is our dream to be a FAMILY that introduces CARE in our Foundation that can tell someone  'you are not alone'

@BillGates
We believe in you Billy 
Remarkable woman!
pleaz 500000 dollar help me
Also if you buy the new iPhone red.  The proceeds will go to save victims of HIV/AIDS in Africa.  I’m not a promoter just sharing lol.
bill gates help him in an assault that you suffered,in montañita ecuador(octopus ship), work for you the following years ,I run out of money and how to check the work,address is in chile country,calama city, avenida regimiento # 3355,atacama houses ,can you help me personally?
talk about yamen kids mr.gates. not your continental laboratory.
they are human too.
That phrase is powerful my friend indeed
If there is an illness killing us
you will find a cure for us.
Bless your heart 
I’ll say it again.  You deserve the Nobel Peace Prize
Right sir
Thank you for all the work you are doing in this area.  It creates Inclusion at so many levels.
Faith...
Word so small, with such a great power ...
Who listens, does not forget !!
Cacilda Fumo is helping from her heart and failitating changes for the better.
Right!!!
we believe  so, we are not alone.  God always sent someone  as a search light to show the way
Well after school they have nothing to do, ask Steve how he got the G.A.Y.D.S, he farmed sum orangutan style mama's in ways he won't retrieve anything less than a HIV in his blood. 

Give 'em jobs, what are you teaching them anyway? Stupid false philanthropist looking for image.
funny, i don't see bill anywhere near this sh*thole country...always talk, but no action so far removed from reality
i'm not alone. 我身边一堆人渣。
Keep up the good work... I am impressed  Bill Gates Sir..God bless you sir...
É o que falta nesse vácuo humano  solidariedade!!
Send  biological detterent to the biological detection of the White blood cells in a microbe to the immune system.The cure for aids
God keep every simple human being that his neighbor in crisis helps him to fight to survive from every siege of death threat
God remains with every Good people at all the time.
-great journey of hope, indeed. 
-from HIV Positive to Attitude Positive to Life Positive!
Every thing in our power....
Hi sir i need some help abt my buisness can you help me pls
I can help you with ur bussiness dm me
is it because of APARTHEID?
Survey filled out. I'll remember the phrase.
ولكن من يصنع الفايروسات
...I am in a deadlock in Europe,Romania.
This is good
Sure Gates u're certainly with us
Fuck is das aufregend
Thanks a lot @BillGates for your great heart. Long live
Excelente.
Nice
Need house from you 10000usd
Big fan.@BillGates
Bill gates sir you are great man in the world
El Tamarindo, Jalisco, Mexico is using most of the available water from aquafiers- nearby villagers are suffering from a water SHORTAGE...
if you Care, contact me
Great.
Indeed words are powerful.
