Thats Very Impressive Of You
Dear sir, I am in Sri Lanka retired army officer 26 years of services i am married and one son now i have big finance problems i want to make a own house too please can you help me sir. thanks you.
@SaltXTechnology and @startup_bohman can help with the grid-scale storage Bill Gates!
Great idea - this must be it -
I don't think you should have to answer for what you do with your money.  It's yours to do as you will. Yours. 

Thank you for what you do.
Well.... A lot of it is Buffets, and he should get to know what they're doing with the money he gave them. 

I'm grateful for these update. There's so much negativity. People are so pessimistic, I just want to scream "look at the data!!!"

So I send them Gates and Pinker.
Why are Buffets giving money?  Which ones?  I'll start eating there.
The Warren Buffet... It's been around a while... I'm surprised you haven't heard of it.

I think they only give money to Gates though.

Good food (for thought)

Lol 
We don't have one of those.  
Tasty investments.
great replies sir
http://tar.ge/  რუსულისა და ინგლისურის თქვენი სწავლებისათვის ქართულ ენაზე შევსებულია რაოდენობა, ინგლისურში 945405 რუსულ ენაში 714834
I have some solutions .
To start with.....I am not asking for money....rather your opinion.  I am a senior citizen age 76.  I inherited this acreage.  mortgage is $568.72 Mo.  My monthly income is $659.00.  What would you do in my situation?
http://curmudgucation.blogspot.com/2018/02/is-gates-americas-dumbest-smart-guy.html?m=1 …
You and Melinda are just awesome people for doing this (the charitable work , not the "interview")! I hope u keep having great success and maybe, maybe one day, we can save the world!
Hi
My anty need help doctor says two kidy lots and 15,000$ need can you help me we going to sale our house. And can you helping me I can giving you mony back and than you loving s.suresh Kumar from Sri Lanka
Can I ask a question?
Yes asked the quetion
Great sir
lovely people with a good character. A man of power and love
.
you have to give  him your life before d'Ay end thank you
Start writing your check monthly loud mouth
Hy Mr Gates is your day good
Sorry, I missed the question submission.  FYI, morons like you can pay more taxes just send the CHECK.  Blue screen of death.  Cost millions for companies.
You set an amazing standard. I hope it takes hold in our culture. It's in our own best interests for the world to prosper.
good d'Ay to you' are you know God love
Wonderful !!
Great job you and Melinda are doing. I wish you could look in the direction of provision of water and sanitation in rural subsaharan Africa. Water is a major challenge.
If you want to pay more in taxes, then be a patriot & pay more in taxes. Absolutely NOTHING is stopping you.
Billionaire Bill Gates says he should pay "significantly higher" taxes http://cnn.it/2EDKP8I  
Enjoy to climb to the top with me Geopron. Let's talk together it's cheaper and easy to accomplish your dream. Welcome guys.
Most Adorable couple,  you guys are truly inspirational for putting alive your romance in its purest form by being graceful and respectful for each other- a valuable lesson for broken relationships! How challenging is it to overcome the influence of soft power that comes along?
I think it's fair that you have so much influence. You worked hard to be where you are at and you have the right to delegate your own wealth.
I only have two words--Thank you!
https://www.instagram.com/Martindarkness/ 
Thank you sir...
Reading thru the letter, feeling comforted and hope gor mankind kindled. And, thanks for making this happen.
Please help me make my idea a reality. Schools should have bullet proof doors and smart locks that lock at the sound of a gunshot or signal. Sensors must locate the source of the shooter and transmit to police. So many tech ideas to save our kids. PLEASE HELP
A lot of these answers are overly simplistic, and I feel that it's a lot easier to solve the world's problems by setting policies and business practices right instead of wasting tons of donation down the drainhole with Lil real benefit to the oppressed
a missão em usar um dispositivo q leva sua marca é d mostrar a falta de respeito e provar que seu ceo é um laranja, vão vendo so!
sir sorry i need ten tips of been a successful individual in life
Hi
Yes
great choice to give all this support to the society. I know a lot of people who will appreciate this kind of help, including me, specially in the difficult time's we are living in.
Thanx
The difficult question you should be asked is "Why are you not spending more money in Low-income countries?" as opposed "... in the US".
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.com/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-25.html …
You guys are amazing 
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Thank you for all that you DO.
My granddaughter need help @Carroll College
<3
Bill and Melinda are among the finest people of our time.
Ifb fast
Sir I need help of u pleas contact me
I need help of u pleas contact me
MY QUESTION: WILL YOU JOIN US, WILHELM? WE WANT YOU BACK.
Question 11: Is it frustrating that you're worth twice as much as when you started this? Damn you, Nadella! <g>

And how can the cloud extend the range of your giving?
Cure for cancer seems took be not in your priority. Daughter last year died of 4th stage breast cancer leaving behind 2 young boys. Thanks to Canadian healthcare she lived longer. Bankruptcy would have been the result had she lived in the USA.
@TEERapplication
I BillGatets
Amazing work you do... I would love to be a part of such wonderful work!!!
I am glad to read that the America First worldview concerns you. Some arguably good Trump supporters believe in Trump. Some arguably bad Trump supporters believe in Trump. In 8 years or so we will see whether America First is good for America and the world, and the future beyond.
I have received the first email but not yet the email with thoses 10tough question
Per email I didn't yet receive thoses 10 tough question but I received the email but not yet the questions
Here's a tough question: why are you a genocidal maniac? 

A: cos you're an imperialist exploiter.
Works for me. 
Dear BillGates,
This is one of the best thing I ever heard from a rich person like you. Allah will guide you through hard work and good for the betterment of every generation.
Ahmed Nazeer / 009607773961
Maldives

One thing I can answer about this it doesn't matter if we don't have to show what type of education Mr. Gates has given to U.S. the thing of matter here is the the change rates in literacy, death of mother, lever of disease among the community and the idea of keep improving that.
Hello,Doyouknowme?
Good
Hi bill gates sir
i miss.....sad
You're doing a very great job and God will surely bless you!!
It would be unfair to believe B & M haven't done their best wrt education. It would also be unfair to expect anything lasting to come from it.
"If your dog obsessively chases its tail, don't further his humiliation naming him Anecdote." 
#theyDoNotHaveTheTools
Great @BillGates
Last year's annual letter was awesome. I loved the way it is presented. I think people will donate more if they know that they are investing in their better future. @WarrenBuffett
Nice...

Beautiful contribution...from where its coming may more be added..God bless...
Love the Letter; what an awesome team (Melinda and Bill)!

What are three things that makes you a average person and three things you can’t live with out.
Awesome.. You both have the guts to tell inner voice without fear... That connects peoples even thousands miles away breaking barriers of origin, caste and religion.. Pure soul both of you. Good to knew you.
good sir


@BillGates
Hi there, your opinion please, I borrowed $12000 from a friend in Jamaica, bought 1 case Cayenne Pepper and 1 case Turmeric, sold them made 120 percent profit, I repaid  the $12000.00 with a twenty five percent interest. I had the money for 4 days. Was this a wise thing to do?
@nipunjava Damn, that was a good read. 
Fascinating to see a big picture view of how best to help humanity at scale from two people who are actually working to make it happen.
Would you ever consider running for President?
What makes you tick ,that are your hopes and dreams for you, for your business and The Country.
U a ma mentor i admire
If  Mr.Bill did not have money, what would he be doing, just pretend this is a hypothetical question, but if you have money your always going to think big and out side the box because you can take a risk.
Yes ask for money
Thank you @billgates and @melindagates for this intelligent and refreshing communication. It is SO needed in the world right now
0xac60b5aa41633cd7f7cdfd8e15551e71654cb66b
Question to Bill Gates.   Why deny your own children your wonderful vaccinations.

Love the great work! Citizens of the world.
Enjoyed answering your questionsI’m hoping that you’ll give your feedback after visiting Bangladesh Foundation website: http://www.bangladesh-foundation.org 
Thank you for all you do :)
Thank you for all of your work throughout the world.  We need more like you and Melinda!!
WHEN R U GONNA PAY CHINA THEIR BILLIONS WE OWE THEM I SUGGEST "SOON"!!!!!!!!!!
What about the community in St. Louis polluted with radiation from the company you own 40% of?!!! The cancer rates are so high, killing adults and children and no one that had contacted your foundation can get a reply to their begging for help!
there might be something wrong with the site, it looks great from the phone but not from the computer, it seems to be stuck on the responsive view
@Luciano09480407 Auguri di buon anno 2018 felix
Thank you for your global vision, good work, inquisitive minds, and for sharing your wealth and talents for the good of all of us.
A really interesting and thought-provoking letter worth reading.
@cnni @FoxNews ...moving forward
Верни деньги
Hi
not run ... account logged  a white page ...
Bill & Melinda - You are doing a great job and you‘re such a big inspiration for all of us! A big thank you!
Man, I was so ready to hate on this article, but it's actually pretty good.
Do you think you can play God with the help of your computer clones?!
Interesting
You, I like you.
Please help us Mr. Bill Gates. How can I have 5 minutes of your precious time?
Kindly need you give me a job to earn a living
awsome
QUESTION 1 ...WHY DOSENT MICROSOFT LIVE HAVE A LIMIT ON HOW MUCH THEY CAN TAKE OUT OF A BANK ACCOUNT ... AND NOT “when the account is empty” as your advisor told me
Adertusbonephace@gmail.com please help me iam in  Tanzania
Great lessons on new paradigm for global development.
You and your wife are out of touch with regular Americans, God bless President Trump!!!! #AmericaFirst
So proud to have the Gates family in our neighborhood
Give me one mln I will spend 1 dollar on good deed and keep the rest
Dear bill gates sir  Help me
we have a humanity group ,that help children who have not parents, to studying( in iran )
we will happy,if you help us :)
How soon can a philanthpist invest in building one of Jacque fresco's city's.  As an innventor like Jacque perhaps building a sustainable city would appeal to you? The ripple effect could bring an end or great reduction to suffering war.  With utmost respect   .   Deven    
Life In The U.S. ... Crippling Inflation Equals Poverty, Inequality, Death and Genocide ... Please ...
You were Hated for a Reason, U were the first Ocare, of Software,, DJT never Done to people, what U did,,,,,,,,,,,,,,to people !
Thank You for using your enormous blessings and wealth to bless others.
@79reasons another 2 of my heroes.  How it's done, folks...
Helo sir a.m very poor boy please help to pay school fees
Can you please help me
Wise
How did you become such a huge gangster?
What is your plan sir after death
I can not remember what my wife ask me an hour ago, but you guys did a good job ! Keep up the good work!
As an educator, I appreciate the research done and your comments on post-high school education AND training. College might not be for every student but specialized education IS! @EnumclawHS, are you listening?  #ChooseYourFuture
MR GATES WAIT 6 MONTHS   I THINK BY THEN MARKETS WILL BE STABLE AND WILL MOVE UP SHARPLY!
Please support my GoFundMe campaign:
MR GATES GREAT READING I ALWAYS THINK YOUR EFFORTS ARE GREAT IN HELPING ALL THESE LESS FORTUNATE! ONE OF THE REASONS I HAD TO HELP YOU !I KNOW GOD WOULD APPROVE ! SORRY DON'T KNOW HOW TO SEND E MAIL ;NOT SET UP !I AM NOT THAT MUCH IN EXPERTISE WITH COMPUTERS!
The information (on unmet childhood emotional needs) from Dr. Gabor Maté in this article will show you why you aren't seeing the academic results from your investment in USA students / schools.
Hi sir....
@w @WIRED Newsletter
NewsLetters - only need artificial eyes to transform the content
In my opinion,  you owe no explanation anymore than I owe one that I can't pay for a procedure to extend my life.  Its my problem if I did not plan and prepare.  I was warned.  You have a blessed day and I am sorry,  I don't believe you need questioned. Sincerely,  Connie
Dear Mr. Gates... Wouldn't we all love to be wealthly.  YOU HAVE EARNED YOUR WAY, IN FACT... TRUTH BE KNOWN others have cloned your brainchild.  Yet you take with a grain of salt, very much a humanitarian.  I always use my hotmail acct to remind me why I have this ability today
Thank you!!
Thank you for what you do. Everybody to try to leave our world better than we found it. #WhateverWayWeCan #ThinkHowYouGive #LivewithPurpose
this is wonderful
Anyone wanna support my @gofundme to pay @BillGates to either 1. Stfu about vaccines being beneficial. Or 2. Get one himself and for his kids.
Dear @melindagates  and @BillGates What where your #favbooksaschildren that You never forgot and which inspired You? Maybe it’s not tough question but your answer will have tough impact on future Generations and You’ll help me to #inspireyoung on reading, Edu, STEM, art & dreams!
I need your assistant sir, I need money to clear my fees and collect my result, the amount is #200,000 in Nigeria why in pounds is £500 or £600, please help me
My takeaway. Be an optimist.
Both amazing people.  Thank you for what you do!

I am raising money for http://DDi.today  help to create jobs. Click to Donate:  http://tw.gofund.me/dditoday-will-make-you-money-anywh&pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-151849490869-c823924ab7b443e7 … via @gofundme
your very favorite book and Melinda's favorite book?
What'll it take to get you to live at the White House?  Asking for 300 million friends.
That would bring the best thoughts&innovations&inspirations out of you!Good Morning,Sir!
Whether success require Determination or commitment?!
