There are clinical trials that seem promising for LAM, a rare lung disease. Please see the bar code for clinical guidelines relating to current treatment. We need a cure. Thanks.
Good evening sir. I don't know you gonna see this. I need help. Please can get back
my master but your help for my economy
Hello precious gift amazing wonderful talented intelligence intellectual successful dedicated loyal hardworking successful legendary visionary leader Bill Gates have good great idea too need your help thanks so much lady Sharon Elizabeth Ottery Cape and South Africa
Hello precious gift amazing wonderful talented intelligence intellectual good great intelligence intellectual dedicated loyal hardworking successful legendary visionary leader Bill Gates,you like me too English Rose lady Sharon Elizabeth Ottery Cape Town South Africa
Wow so silly i meant you just like me English Jewish, Bill Gates thanks so much
Nice
I think you should invest in assisting the destruction and rebuilding in Puerto Rico! Buy, invest and build on the coast of Puerto Rico. It would be a great investment and you would be helping Puerto Rico and our amazing beauty and culture. It would help the economy!!
good bill !!!
Sir ji please help me...please Sir...9582178728
The Seven Team
Sir, small idea ..huge results.. want to present you..
In addition to my own projects, Bill, I have a list of nonprofits to nominate which are in Tulsa, OK, one of which is a national organization with many departments, all of which need additional funding! How does someone nominate them?
You are an amazing man.  Admire how you help others that struggle the most in our society.  We need more caring people like you.
I give many ideas. contact me
Let's exchange some.
What about treating socioeconomic and intercultural racism of black people in America as a disease
Interesting. Diagnosing it is easy enough, but treating it is elusive.
Not as elusive as one would think.  Its about proacivity, building, equal opportunity environments and measuring results. Many white and asians have been funded in non profit to do many things meddling in black lives, primarily the youth
Good job
Next big idea, like Eric Lunhgrens idea that you bullies the courts to send him to jail because of ? That kind of idea?

Only $0.25 for change my Life dear
Please donate to the LAM foundation. LAM is a rare lung disease that affects women during their child bearing years. Average life expectancy after dx is 30 years. We need a cure. Thanks.


Keep searching
I have strong potential idea...which will so much influential for changing the world.....i have started working for it already in some countries....i have wish to expand it in someother countries also....which will be great for human kind ans next world...Thanks....
Help fund me and I will help you.

Excellent support
0.00000002perecent for me
Hi bill gate this is Broatch in Ghana I need your help
Nice progress do Sir
Hi
Yes sir, sure
When the owner of the idea gets funded, kindly please invest on my idea too... ill be waiting to hear from you
please sir what are the factors for measuring good governance in countries
Keep giving Billy!
Boas idéias em prol do bem viver possível para tod@s!Parabéns Sr.@BillGates !
Thanks.kaleel.ammk.
Wawawa thanks our investor in Uganda we enjoy your savices
When my funds are transfered?Please transfer today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, urgent , my phone : +6287727310455

you can also pay people for generating traffic for your website http://dailypocket.online/?invite=34931  follow that link and learn how they do it
Good thing sir
Something that cleans up all this garbage
@behtarinidehcom 
Then Mr. Gates I ask you to look at my electric vehicle that I built that should go many, many hundreds of miles maybe more on a single charge! The bank is going to take my house in two weeks if I do not get it paid; money went to electric car and my mother’s medical. Please help
Mr. BillGates how to understand “跳出三界外，不在五行中”。and you are.
Ideas can provide alternatives.
Hello Bill, 
Nice to meet you!
Bill may I, I'm involved in St Johns Ambulance Charity! Small Debit order every month! I like to do more giving for the old and young! May I send you some information about what I try to accomplish! Many thanks! Have a great day Bill! Valerie
How could I share my idea with you?
Good
Hi bill sir! U dnt thing in this comment session every one is bagger
Change the world in such a way that there shouldn't be any environmental,  Economic & sexual exploitation of human kind anywhere in the commercial world.
The best way to change is educate children not to litter and keep things clean and green and grow trees
Great idea
Bigaruka idea
Cool
Proud to share a new collaborative philanthropique project !
Every idea has a great instruction especially when each person perform it suitably.
Great inspiration sir
Sir,
You can not only reform but also transform the world.
I have an idea but no assistance

When my funds are transfered?, please transfer my fund now or today to my account : 0585377265, BNI BANK, shift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, urgent , thanks
Ever delivered Microsoft product personally by driving a big rig truck? Let’s talk B.A.S.E.ball!
very interesting idea please support the suffering people from disease especially AFRICA. Somalia
You clearly heard some of the dreamscape being orated by this Sgt, I’ve replaced my weapons for aspirations to get healthy, my criticism is a tool for peace tactics

hi，my name is jack，i come from china，im your fun，and im very poor，could u give me some  money？
Tow large icebergs that have drifted into northern shipping lanes down to the equator the ice will melt and sink down to the Atlantic current giving it the cold water it needs to flow at a strong rate @willyboy678 Inventor http://bikegripboard.com  and Idea man
Here's another! Build power plants that use Hydrogen from sea water to generate electric power this also can be done in Africa start with a test plant and have some solar and wind turbines for plant operations this is clean renewable energy @willyboy678 Inventor Bike Grip Board!
Sure you are I have the biggest ideas to help our planet, 1. Build Desalination plants in Africa I think it's great you Dig wells in Africa However that water will not last the only real way is Desalination plants in Africa start with a small one @willyboy678 Invetor Idea man
Im love you
WOW
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $500 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Dear Mr. Gates,
May you invest my research topic that DEVELOPING A HEALTHY POLITICAL SYSTEM which I advocate that HEALTH should be the goal of our world and social political system! FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY should be the tools to realize a healthy society but not its goal. Thanks!
You looking for an investment @BillGates ?Check out the @Microsoft of 2018 @nFuszInc $FUSZ just paired with @Oracle $ORCL & @NetSuite #CRM
Eu tenho uma grande idéia para você!
Wao
it's always nice to hear something good when you just woke up
In INDIAN PHILOSOPHY, we have the concept of अपरिग्रह (minimization of resources needed for living by optimizing theirs utility).
Similarly I think, EMPLOYMENT for 1.3 billion INDIANS, meet by renunciation
@HumanityFirstUS
Come 2019 as the Governor of Benue state, Nigeria, I want to convert river Benue to Benue Sea Port, I want you to invest in Benue sea port.
,,,, .given value to humanity is whats drives our evolution #somidax
I’m kinda thrill to read this Twitter, honesly, I like this org which can make the big ideas come true step by step. I have some idea that are about our environmental protection, and I am sure it will benefit to all our humans.
Hy
Bravo à eux bcp de mes idées ont m'ont été volé je suis contente que eux réussissent mes prochaines idées je les partagerais avec toi Bill
You are great,let's try!
This is a welcome initiative and hope start-ups like @somidax with their blockchain driven business model could get involved as they keep pushing to New grounds.
#conversationswithcresswell
I was just thinking there should be something like this. I am always a day late and a penny short on ideas. Glad someone got it done.
http://Fertibug.com  would like your consideration... connected to your sprinkler system our patented device, delivers organic fertilizers and organic pesticides... properly funded we could provide our equipment world wide.
https://www.gofundme.com/5cdugt4 
Can you help me?
Please Bill can you not help fund the research desperately needed to resolve 24/7 hell of constant chronic post traumatic migraine ...its totally wrecking lives and theres no treatment to stop the non stop pain
How great itu is!
Is an good thing to do
Really Audacious !!!
Eternal Biyo !!!
Good idea
everything out of danger boss, mission complete
Hi Bill, we also need your help. We want to come with help to our communities....
Hi Bill, we also need your help. We want to come with help to our communities....
Nice work sir
I only know
Who is @Microsoft ?
Good evening the father of charity.
My name waltenigus 
I am Ethiopian
I have one question for you
Look
Our #AIforEarth grantees are using Microsoft #AI to help protect the many plants and animals that help sustain human life. See how: https://blogs.microsoft.com/green/2018/04/18/earth-week-biodiversity/ … #EarthDay2018
señor bill le ayude con un asalto que usted sufrió en ecuador en el barco octopus en la localidad de montañita , me pregunto si es que usted me puede ayudar?
Cuando cultivemos todo el planeta todavía habrá mucha gente que pase hambre. Y es que la población humana sigue creciendo por delante de los recursos económicos que genera.
Algunas plantas serán muy abundantes,pero otras...
@nytimes @lemondefr @el_pais
As an investor, I’m always on the lookout for the next big idea. That’s why I was excited when our foundation signed on to @TheAudaciousPrj – an innovative way to fund bold non-profits. Here is the first round of…
Cuando llegue ese día habremos extinto tantas especies animales...
Prefiero no pensar cuántas.
https://www.facebook.com/donate/173153283342111/?fundraiser_source=external_url … David J Laurie Wounded Warrior Project birthday fundraiser on #NFLDraft #NFLDraft2018 #NFLDraftesp2018 #NFLDraftNews
Hey Bill, sounds great! Hope you can help me with the Wounded Warrior Project I am trying to raise $22,000 for on my birthday April 26th. Hope this wont catch you checking your first round draft picks for the SeaHawks when my Buccaneers are slated to rule the day..
Mr. Bill Gates, in a restrained way alone financial aid for a development against poverty and hunger in my country Ecuador; same that will be focused within the teaching of the word of God
This is my account number 0057007662(Diamond bank) I am from Nigeria pls help us.
I need farming machinery for my 200 acres of farming project. how can you help ???
Urgent Help to fix Medical VanThank you for your time and sincerely hope that we can find some help during these trying times. 
God bless all that share and all that help...you are truly Angels..hugs
What's the requirement to be a candidate for selection. I have ideas written down to the last detail needing funding
You're chosen as agent of change to the world!!! Hail the light ∆∆∆
@BillGates Bill, I applaud your tireless efforts to make the world a better place.  Litebook has patented non-Rx technology with new Harvard fMRI research that it safely & quickly improves a child's ability to learn.  Worldwide implications; Medina-based founder.  Let's chat.
Pls Sir don't ignore my message. Pls do something pls.
Pls help me. I need 20 Million dollars to solve a problem and I will put the rest into business and I promise to pay back on time
Pls sir give me a chance and listen to me pls.
Hello Good day Sir. Pls I need your help. I have been seeking for your help for a very long time.
Bring for us the Surface Phone!
https://twitter.com/JameyCronan/status/986647958597881858?s=19 …
Please invest our country.

Can we do business
can we do business
Nice move .
Good luck sir

Non-profit…Even when working for Parthenon we also focused on profitable businesses
Bill Gates please run for president and 20 twenny show these people what could happen if a competent business man was in control
I think to i have ideas to change de world
I have ideas to make a change in the world
You and Melinda are blessings to this world you both deserve the 2019 Nobel Peace Prize.
You have been at ENEA Research Centre in Italy so #GameChanger #LENR #ColdFusion and #NuclearFusion technology should for sure be on your list:

http://www.enea.it/en/news-enea/news/energy-bill-gates-visits-the-enea-research-centre-of-excellence-in-frascati …
https://twitter.com/The_New_Fire/status/985606065286008833 …
https://thenewfire.wordpress.com/why-is-lenr-the-new-fire/ …
good
The first round of Werner.. Wonderful.. Sir god bless you.. 
Good look
If you make TWTR or MEET $115 dollar stocks; that would be nice too.
We need to look into the Severe Weather Suppression Systems which is not the only function for this system . We believe surface water contamination is a huge problem and within this contamination is flash flooding .
There need freedom not helping 
There need attention not gift 
There need love not loving not 
Thinking not talking 
There needs food not eating 
There need world not peace
There need to have a good body not a good health 
There love there body not some one
9 be what you are 
Not nobody else 
10 stop talking 
11 forget all live and just be cool 
12 be like a children
13 be alone 
14 stop loving people even your children 
15 get your eart out of this world 
left human free
Thanks for you do the things which make the world better . As a normal student, you’re my model
To change the world OK here is some ideas 
1 stop helping people 
2 stop thinking about people 
3 don't give to nobody some things 
4 don't love some one 
5 forget all about live 
6 be your self 
7 find your way 
8 build your new world only for you and you family

Thank you so so much
Dear Bill, I believe you should invest in Barbados a Research and Development facility due to the ambience, Beauty and Sunshine of the Country along with the busiest Airport of the Caribbean. Grantley Adams International Airport. You write me on LinkedIn!
10...................................................................................................0 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
慈善家！！祝你身体健康！！
I had an invention that would sell worldwide to everyone who wanted to pass a driving test I put it forward to an inventor in Farringdon London UK but could not afford the same autocad
With respect, it is the small grinding underpaid non-scaled work of non-profits that matters in communities every single day. Instead of cultivating rock stars, how about innovations to transform and raise the bar within the whole sector?
That would be an audacious goal.
Let's just BE GOOD
I would love to speak to like minded people. Any information where to meet and greet like minded people? To make the world a better place.
I will be doing my first test, next month to stop army worms inversion in Kenya, i will share feedback and evidence for the same, my findings is that we have a local solution to stop them though our capacity and reach is very minimal and will have no major impact but works 100%
