hello mem hawer you melinda mem you are very great woman mem i am very respect you trust me mem you are great
https://youtu.be/shBTw_x9T_c  
Life in freelancing platform. Need your help please.
My contct 0765951256 l m.Tanzania
Mrs. Gates, it has been almost 7 days since I started asking Mr. Gates to help me on my campaign and i plan to continue. Please tell him that I won't stop. I will keep asking him for help. Please tell him I will always hold the hope that he will help me.
Suraj dhiman


https://imgur.com/gallery/dTGysR9 
https://www.businessinsider.com.au/facebook-bans-bitcoin-cryptocurrency-ico-ads-2018-1?r=UK&IR=T …
Dear madam ,
I am from Bangladesh. I was a telecom engineer. But a accident injured my right leg.
Now, I am jobless and searching my new
MyMother Do You Know What My 2nd Favorite "Word" Is...Hebrews 4:12 The Word Of God Is Living & Powerful...See It's Powerful Enough To Uphold Everything He Created_Mr. Gates It's Sharper Than A Barber Razor. I Love All Of You

Melina our jenuen heroin
Melinda good luck for you and bill thanks for help our children dream our next genaration

well Said
Hi bill gates sir help me I am poor
You right @BillGates

#noflyzone4afrin
#savecivilians 
#saveafrin
Hallo Madam Melinda!!
Congratulations

#Humanity_works
That is a brilliant proposition Melinda!
Please Madam, assist me for my wife IVF treatment at National Hospital Abuja, Nigeria. We have gone for counselling what is remaining is money for her to commence IVF treatment. I wish I have the money to pay. 5years of marriage no child is painful.God bless you Sir for your help
MRS. GATES, I am a fan of both you and Bill. Thanks 4 all you do for humanity. 

I would say to all those super wealthy elitists in Davos is to weigh the economic cost of wealth inequality across the globe. The wealthy get wealthier, the middle class and the poor get poorer.
ELÄMÄ TARVITSEE ALISTETUT JÄSENENSÄ TÄYSIVALTAISESTI ELÄMÄÄN MUKAAN ,MUUTEN ON KAIKKI HENKISESTI VAJAITA,IHMISIÄ ON SYRJÄÄN HEITETTY,NÄHTY TAAKKANA HYVINVOIVILLE,EI SALAISUUS.
Great day Melinda
STOP
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN
THE POWER OF CHANGE 
IS IN OUR HANDS

men & women
in equality;
endowed with the
same dignity.

@POTUS Trump is the new Constantine, as him, he took up the cause of Christianity and won! With mutual benefit and for the blessing of all the American people!…
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. 700 000 USD for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
and please, for God's sake and ours, we need (in California and other states) #plastic_straw_laws! the #oceans are drying up and the sea creatures are on low plastic straw diets! dang humans! what would our world look like w/o them? keep flying your jets kiddies.
ALL DAY ,  EVERYDAY SOMETHING WRONG!!!!!!!!!!

Do you and your husband intend to harass Cows sexually because they don't have the ability to say MeToo? Do you want to touch Cows on their breasts? Will you milk a woman the way you milk cows?
@BillGates عالی است
Age of leaders ended, they’re grifters at this point.
Thank you Bill and Melinda Gates. Thank you for addressing this topic at the world level.
Thanks madam...
Please disclose about your produced movie only during Promotion / Release time.
I Kindly request you not to disclose this plan of producing Movie to anyone (Electronic & Print Media......Social media) except family.
....................to motivate our young generation to get freedom from all bad habits.
to devote their resources to solving society's problems................. to philanthropic causes.
By God's grace, Our Idea of producing Movie based on high moral values will be one of the golden decision..............
The Giving Pledge has gained 14 new members.
Please follow me to make me able to send you "Direct message" to explain this Philanthropic Work in detail....would be grateful to U Life-long.
Wish you a great health and happiness.Whenever you have free time please check my tweet.
I will share the Receipts,Bills & all expenses through Video conference.Hope.. you will trust on my honesty and integrity.
Just provide me Funds to complete Shooting of small-small portions of Movie one by one......once I complete writing the Script.
you don't need to come to India to supervise the production of your movie.
With lose relationship norms,it is useless to rise one fine morning, charge every one corrupt.
In some country,follies r attributed to both,or they are not worthy of discussion.
Probably,this is betterside,as business,politics &character impact both.
It's better to plan now itself.Please give me order to write the Story with Dialogue.
One day you will definitely decide to produce Movie for the welfare of our young generation.
We will focus on all the worst thing which are not good for our young generation.Please think about this Plan to produce a movie.
What about glorifying Courting (Courtship).... with high moral value..in our Movie ? ....Please provide your Input.
Please say YES, I will start writing Story(Screen-play) for http://Movie.By  God's grace.......will Act & Direct this Movie produced by you.
After production you can release the Movie Worldwide.
Please produce 2 movies in INDIA. 1 for new generation of USA & 1 for INDIA's . Here Cost is very less as compared to Hollywood.
You have Millions of followers so my tweet is very less likely to be read by you but I believe in GOD so even FILTER can't stop................will try
God will help me to get your reply asap at "ajayisactor@gmail.com" .I want to contribute in this social service.
@BillGates @CNBC modi ji impressive everyone.
I am IT professional.With God's grace & your help, I can Write, Act & Direct such Movie.Please think in different way of Social Service.
You are doing great social service but producing a MOVIE to counter this issue is pending from Your side.
No worries plz2 dont2 spread rumours tooooo
A huge problem in India too. Hope with Your reach, a big difference is made.
Mrs. Gates, I believe you are asking men to Respect women and women to Respect men. How do know if you have convinced them of #Respect
Sexual predation has to be reported & has to stop. However, the metoo movement might instigate hatred between men & women & estrange both sexes from each other if taken to excesses. Soon men will be afraid to talk to or to court women for fear of sexual harassment allegations.
A welcomed initiative. Any kind of harassment has an economic cost.

Absolutely it's time to quantify the cost. Not only economy cost there are many costs as well
Leaders must help your Noble work
Respect for the women needs to be inculcated at the school level itself but unfortunately primary schooling presently is at its worst the world over,middle & secondary is no better !!
ok
Trump has to do more to end this sexual harassment of any sort in every society
You could start by eliminating the filth that is so prevalent in #Hollywood and social media. Women as treated like objects so that producers & entertainment executives can make money. We must get back to a Biblical approach, treat all men & women as individuals created by God.
Dear Mrs. Gates. It is time to quantify the economic costs of lives being lost due to lack of timely medical care and thereafter build #OneGlobalEmergencyResponseNetwork to provide reliable EmergencyResponse globally
Good Grief, Mrs. Gates:
#MeToo is a Total FRAUD, Created by Hollywood to Deflect from the Decades-Old Sexual Molestation &, Harassment in their Own Industry, About which they ALL Knew and, Enabled. So Far, Unaddressed. Why Not Focus on those Victims, Male &, Female?
#WeThePeople
Even if the original motivation for #MeToo was not 100% pure, nevertheless it initiated, or boosted, great, nobel movement.
Disagree.
Too Soon, to Gauge Impact. Time, will Tell.
In My View, it Remains a Fraud, and, yet Another Leftist PAC.
If you think this has to do with left or right, rich or poor, than you are looking at it in a very wrong way.
!!! LOL !!!
Who, are You, to Suggest Telling ANYONE How Another Should Think?
The Fraud, #MeToo, was Created by the Left, to Deflect from the Hollywood Scum, who Enabled Harassment; the Routine Trading of Sexual Favours; and, Rape through Decades of Silence, against Women & Men.
You are absolutely right.
@riverocalu léelo no tiene desperdicio y me hizo llorar
They don't pay taxes, for the most of them. Why do you think they'll care about anything else ? #wef18
Women empowerment necessory for society.
Look to the decisions @BillGates at #microsoft,  dominated by men in upper corporate roles, on it's board of directors, and facing a class action lawsuit over sexism. You can't change what you don't acknowledge. Microsoft entrenched corporate sexism. #accountability

... الزَّانِيَةُ وَالزَّانِي فَاجْلِدُوا كُلَّ وَاحِدٍ مِنْهُمَا مِائَةَ جَلْدَةٍ وَلَا تَأْخُذْكُمْ بِهِمَا رَأْفَةٌ فِي دِينِ اللَّهِ ...

Yes, harassment exists on many levels. It’s unprofessional. It lowers morale, but enough time has been wasted on the #MeToo band wagon. Put sensible policies in place, of course, but let’s not get carried away with the thought that women are victims. Over regulation hurts more.
Not to belittle sexual harrassment but the problem is bigger, mens' attitudes in general. We treat everything as objects. Woman are abused, animals are abused, we go to war. We need to rethink society as a whole, not just attitudes to woman, critical as that is.
Great! You should go there and say it to the governors and politicians...
Lead on if you will sister soldier super-(rior)
Sexual harassment is only one small slice of issues why jump on the hollywood popularity bandwagon....address all issues see what happens...is this male and female, young and innocent,   and adult sexual harassment. Or just women. Please think further
I would say spiking a condom and stealing a lot more than cheesesandwiches is oxford and Microsoft are all liable and my best ever company is @amazon
I agree. I think of all of the executives forced into divorce because <someone> can't keep her mouth shut around my wife.
I planned ideas to control sexual harassment problem.
I. I want to start campaign.
2. I want to launch poster.
3. I wrote lyric. I want to launch song.
4.  I planned sex policy. 
5. I wrote lyric to control rape incidents.
6. I wrote article.
7. I Planned femalefriendly sexuality
Thank you. I am a #WEF #YGL. since '14, I tried to launch not just 1 but 3 initiatives to address #sexualharassment. an 'IndustryIntervention' in #Hollywood. Then an 'Unsilencing' initiative, with a WEF YGL. Then http://recommendedbywomen.com - we couldn't get any help to move forward.
Yes. "The estimated lifetime cost of rape was $122,461 per victim, or a population economic burden of nearly $3.1 trillion (2014 U.S. dollars) over victims' lifetimes".  @Yglvoices
So true. If it hasn't been put this on their agenda then we have to put it their for them.
kvpnbulkjbimkhgukmnnnnmlkjklnbjkmmkkkholljlnjkkkloojkklkkklkiiiiiioooiiiuìihuiuiiiiiiioiiuuiu7ugu
nnbj
M
Where is the support for young women choosing to be stay a home mothers to their children? So tired of stereotypes for us
Why don't you think some things that out the box. Make it "simple" one cause of the sexual harrassment is stress and depression. Depression caused by to much worked and forget to "give up" (take a rest). Just "give up at the RIGHT time". It is just the simple solution, isn't it?
Took the training NYC I believe 1980 it was ruthless but compassionate 
Totally, couldn't agree more! @melindagates
Appreciate very much your leadership on this critical dimension of workplace sexual harassment. Women are disproportionately harmed, but the cost to the economy in lost talent and productivity is in the billions annually - and then there is the societal damage. Time for change.
World's wealthy in Davos , nicely concentrated in a small Disney town to address the plight of the 1% so as to enable them improve wealth
To misdirect people's attention from the real crimes being committed against women each day is suspicious. The resources be wasted in this diversion could be criminal depending on the source or sources origin. microtik•microsoft macintosh AIRSUPPLY•windows/Mojave
Economic cost has limited impact in fixing the problem. The cost of physical inactivity to health has been quantified as $117 billion per year in the US, but nobody walks because of it. Fixing the problem requires a marketing/story approach. Nice to have the number though.
...this is the idea that works fast.  in a world, where 'moral is lost something is lost' and  where 'money is lost everything is lost'; this measuring' will help 'get things done' faster than before.
Your picture is one with India women I believe, yet in their expanding economy they put more $ into 1% than the poor. Islam women are covered, not allowed education. Why do we promote these values? Those #s are real. #stockholmsyndrome #learnedhelplessness Boys R always spoiled
You are a phenomenal woman! Can you please run for President? #leader #gates2020
What is even worse is the women who endure it for a  while just keep the jobs to feed their family.
Tell them what they should know... 
I have tried using "economic losses" to get people's attention to the problem of RDrunk Drivers in Canada thinking that surely a cost of $85 billion every year would get their attention. I've learned that facts rarely work to motivate people to change.

"Recent articles suggest that the economic costs of harassment are staggering".  Included in the costs, the emotional, mental, physical, societal, family, friends, co-workers & on and on. The overall costs ARE staggering. Leaders must aid in this fight against abuse. TY MG.
i'll help
Yes need to look at harassment in comprehensively the work place
Hello Madam. I just sent you a message on Linked In. Would you please kindly read it. Thanks and have a great day.
Dear Mem 
Me jal sanrakshan ke ek mission chalana chahta hu. Jiske liye me aap se milna chahta hu please appointment dijiye please...
Mail id.  dnhswt@gmail.com
Mo no +91-9045902759
TRUE LADY OF GOD TRUE RIGHT HAND OF THY MY LORD  BLESSED  THY BILL GATES WHO CREATED BY THY LORD VANDEMATARAM
Would like be to meet you Melinda!
Good Morning @melindagates . Please rt. I need all the help I can get. Thank you so much.
Brilliant!
Have a great day 
