you are a superhero
EXACTLY!
What do you mean by "foundation"?
He mean Bill and Melinda Gate foundation.
Congrat, am your fan with respect!!!
Absolute
Sir don't your foundation offer any international scholarship for pilot training?it's my childhood dream.But it's so expensive and no scholarship at all .coming from poor family of Nepal I can't afford my training fees at all.Could you suggest anything to me ?
Hearing out God calling, you're equipped with almighty power to serve the world.
Dear Bill Gate there are few persons who deserve to be respected as true humans like you. God bless you with all the goods you are doing.
great work, the world give you thanks
Tôi muốn bill gates tài trợ cho dự án thương mại điện tử của tôi, giấc mơ chinh phục thế giới
.
Awesome pic! Thanks for investing your time and thoughts into issues that matter.
U r the biggest man of the world of technology
I envy you. So much science :-)
Admirable.
Please do something to Make Billions of Recycle Bins for Plastic wastage around the world!
Still now?
I'm inspired! I would be like you one day :), could you reply my tweet ?
Oh wow!
Please bill gates your Microsoft in my computer blocked I don't the ways of solve it

Pls help siriya
Goo d
You must be an INTJ like me! #myers-briggs.
Well hey,Bill ,
You could follow me ,
We could tell funnies 
All the live long day .
With your knowledge and connections ,
And my timing and intuition
We'd go faŕ , see ,really far ,
Welcome aboard ,smash your baggage !
Cool to see you and your daughter on Ellen.  Really awesome what you and your wife have done and are doing...   You're still the coolest Geek in town....
I will really want to spend my time to do something I realy love like you.
https://www.gofundme.com/futures-pivot-trading-for-freedom?utm_source=internal&utm_medium=email&utm_content=campaign_link_t&utm_campaign=welcome …
Waiting for the creation of betterment for human beings
Programming has changed our world & our life & we are living a bright future!, We are creating our own world.
I'm really interested in Computer Science!
Very cool. You inspire
Bill, please keep on doing what you are doing, if anybody can change the world, you can do it! you are the best ever!!!
Vandematram
My good wishes to you and your sweet family lovely friends for world peace, happiness and good health.
Well hey 
Follow me ?
It's good we both at some extent think same.
As far as volume of deaths, fiat currency system has a much higher #bodycount compared to #crypto take into account #financialstarvation inflicted on the majority of the population as part of the growing wealth disparity. Looking forward, #crypto will save and enhance more lives
Wow God bless you
Wow sir you are really a legend God bless you
God keep you going able philanthropist
You are amazing with your studies, and adorable. İ remember you, and your success. Meet with you after 2, looking forward to it.
Mc jn,    BBC j mcm bl  b CNN  jb   b  l,  .b8 m n nb.   Nj i m,  j.  N, b luv nl l ,bl nnlñ nnlñ v  l 8 j b l b8
V
I love you Bill Gates i’m only 11 years old please reply. Your the best man in the world 
#Nerd
Or may be the Mysteries are already explored by our great great God Fathers आचार्यों द्वारा...we just have to use our conscience to understand them..Solution to all the WORLD's  problems lie in it..Just have to re-explore it..Biggest IRONY is that भारत also forgotten आत्म-ज्ञान।।
Even for the computer...why not to have a GOD'S own LANGUAGE...highly LOGICAL, highly REFINED, so PURE that one can't IMAGINE...May be संस्कृत or प्राकृत..Capable to  manifest the mysteries of the  whole UNIVERSE...
⚘⚘⚘
Dear Sir
You are an Inspiration to whole WORLD..Have lighten up the lives of millions & millions just like a SAINT..
But still I doubt that all the mystery of the Universe has explored...May be there is an alternative source of initiation..May be thru the origin of RELIGION..भारत
That's cool. I studied Information Technology and Computer Science in High School and my first year of college, but Metaphysics really woke me up.
Then you should check this 16 year-old from poverty-striken Venezuela, 2 Apps, 1 book already, and not even in college yet. True story:
Я відкрив дуже важливий закон Природи - закон 2Ж-циклів провідності в живих системах. Спонсоруйте його, будь ласка, щоб я міг зайнятися ілюстраціями https://www.facebook.com/ivano.piano.5/posts/928811267282245 …

Yes sir
My id crzarma_2005@yahoo.co.in pl give re ply. I want to try cure for Alze disease without medicine . I have got success with cancer.
crsarma_2005@yahoo.co.in
its the great way Mr gates
I deeply respect what you have shown in our civilized world.
I know right...thats a  sol....¥¥￦©¤Ω
Bill Gates-- I can imagine one way you can spend your time with many of those same sciences: from the White House as President.
Hi sir
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.in/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-34.html?m=1 …
Hi
ThinkAfrica
Fantastic
What is computer...A white box with no intelligence...
A language which is highly logical & so powerful that you can express anything in very little words is best suited for a dumb computer...And you know what it is...!!!
Kindly read a book on Hypnotherapy written Dr.Irene Hickman titled "Mind Probe Hypnosis" wherein it was clearly explained cutres for many diseases without medicine.I have proof that claim is correct.
Thank you
How does Microsoft affect your spirituality?

I need one   computer  for  education sir
But why you(Microsoft) are not looking at windows phone,millions of windows phone fan like me are unhappy as MS stopped windows phone mfg in India due to lack of updates and service,unable to use our windows phone.
Any way you can help get the power on it Puerto Rico?
Call and negotiate with electric company.. Power lines are down.
Excellent job!!!!
Sir I want to ask what you do at your free time
I respect you
Big fan sir 
Agriculture and biology are good option.
My god bill gates
But why?actually i cann't understand fulfully
Data science is the future
You're the LUCKY person sir
Humanity is fortunate to have you, even more fortunate that you are giving back what you made in this life changing technology. May you inspire others to help & share.
You are my super hero .i am Doctor but I wanna do something creative like you .please give advice or do something for change my life .i will appreciate and always greatful to you the rest of my life .

No need to learn chemistry and biology to learn computer science
Which is subject best for learning computer science ?
http://www.gatesnotes.com 
Invent more time for the world!!
man I like you I admire you, you have always inpired me ... I wish if I could oneday reach a half of your success ...
Please go deep into how to solve Russian meddling in our democracy and elections!

You sir are a real life hero.
Yes sir
I just discovered a gut probiotica that changes insulin levels in my body. Interested to read?
给你一个大大的赞
Nice thenk
Well then, if you need a man to help install a magnetosphere around the moon and pioneer the way to create ozone and atmosphere to sustain an ecosystem let me know. It's sure gonna take some of the tech u got.
Sir, I love studying computer but some time I find that it's  distracting me  from my usual study.I am from India and for btech(cs) we need to pass jee(for good college ) for which we have to be good in pcm?I want to study cs so Sir can you do something ,would be great if you can
Ohhhhhh
Got into computer science at 61 and love it.Always was into maths so it clicked right away.
Thank you Mr. Gate
But u spent all ur time in developing windows etc without u we can't imagine todYs software nd hardware sir
loved the picture
Dats a great inspiration for all of us!
You are capable there, and more. Thank you for what you made for the humanity.
Vous en êtes capable, et plus. Merci pour ce que vous avez fait pour l'humanité.
A great role model and innovator.
課題を見つけるまでが大変だね？
身体の健康を祈ります
Mr Bill I feel so much to work with in order to promote my continent Africa, much love
Inspiring! We are getting the young involved here in Africa so we could get more of you!!
biology, chemistry, some physics, then bible knowledge! A FILLED DAY.
More convergence of knowledge...to solve society’s problems needed. Knowledge is indeed interrelated and works best when jointly deployed to provide significant benefits and value to citizens.
Sir ji please help me.... please sir...9582178728
You are the true inspiration in the world. I am solute
Playing fortnite
Who clicked this picture btw
my Daily Dream is to work at your company one day Bill... You're the best
I study 10 subjects maths ,chemistry, biology, additional maths,computer science, geography, economics ,English and French how can I organize them because I'm about to write an exam that covers all of them
Dear sir how are you?
Honestly... I've read the whole article and am proud that we have such people in the dark life the world is living.... I wish that Bill Gates will read my reply.... I really adore your prrsonality.... thanks alot
Pl read Indian politics
Qoo10 ,voi cac ma bong dung pip quan? Li azqoo10 quan vit luon voi qua vit dang sua skp +
大佬，你是我的偶像！
You did it and you are still doing it,and you have to keep doing it daily for the more brighter future innovation in technology,
Thanks
Source of inspiration
you were not hardworking we are nothing now
Berbagila biar tidak seberapa dengan Yesus Kristus
Please help with NUCLEAR DISARMAMENT to let all this last! 
Don't you feel guilt when you see a software engineer being taught Chemistry and Biology in 1st year.
Keep it up and achieved more in your support
Sound thinking!
@naodephrem  Respect!!!
He has built a real life data!  I can’t wait to see the new data, we can call her mata.  Bill the world needs a lie detector that can be used in a court of law. It’s up to you
@BillGates Dear Mr. Bill Gate. Hi , I’m Japanese Twitterer. I work hard everyday but I’m very poor. I would be glad if you gave me little money, so I can live like a human being.
The history of human philosophy should be added because technology is developing faster than ethics and the understanding of politics!
Gudd sir gudd going
You added one more Subject in the World's Education system......Microsoft
Please can you help my niece see below link;
Funding for my Biochemistry MRes, an University Crowdfunding Project in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire on Crowdfunder
You could have been a great guitar player. What a waste. :)-
Computer and Smartphone is Cold War era,USA and Soviet Union Military competition things
Thank you.
I  iove  your  life.  It's  great. 
congrats sir
I'm your fan
Interestingly “Agronomy” appears to be odd one among!!

Only if we were as smart and driven as you
Book are the only one thing which can drive you to success
smartrip neck pillow
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.com/2018/02/the-lateste-tech-news-32.html …
You have always been my inspiration Bill your a true legend and your company is still making more innovative computers and technology,I just adore Microsoft,so thank you for all the years I have used your software and tech!
@BillGates
Yes Abim Benim Hanifi Keleş
Sevgiler saygılar selamlar...???
Mr. Bill, create a way to end hunger in the world! /:! ask the normal people to help give a dollar a month, maybe we could end this evil! because while some billionaires are looking for things that do not exist in the universe our life down here dies of starvation! Thank you Mr.
Can i be your son in law
I read many books on you sir.
I learn many things from your life story. I am also want to become a software engineer.
