i wonder how much money you make from this stuff
Great
looks good but term "insecticide: suggests chemicals like Pyrethroid ,organophosphate etc . I hope you mean bacillus thuringiensis
Would destroying an areas mosquito population affect the local environment? How much of that do we have to consider? Is it okay to save lives by destroying ecologies?
https://youtu.be/ee3i7VEPSsQ  and this is how you're going to end the freedom to repair. How very apple of you.
gentic modifications on food  created cancer .very dangerous  path .
changing Gods  design does not solve the problem . we dont know monsters we will create.
Cambodia needs:
(1). Education for people, particularly in rural people
(2). Innovative development of agriculture sector
(3). Water infrastructure of development
(4). Maintain green environment in the area
Sincerely,
Seum Chhay
855 12 784 705
give warning to all to keep clean all area home n any place
Nice one!
I eradicated Microsoft's partnership,  marked *Microsoft* as spam on Gmail. Got 100% score on Active Directory 2008r2 certification. @VladimirPutin24 help us to push Windows to @github by financing @reactos.
In Nigeria when someone feels ill they take malaria drugs. It is big business for the companies. People buy drugs without a malaria test. I tested some and they did not have malaria. Mosquito nets are not used as it is unbearably hot at night. Good luck with your important work.
Bill: Nobel Prize You “just” Discovered H2O.
I really like the way of living the life @BillGates.....
Wow that's awesome. This will reduce malaria outbreaks in Africa
Fine.
@udaychopra Thought you might be interested to know this...
..
This is really amazing stuff!
You can manufacture a malaria parasite detector for the indoors and outdoors so that people will know if they need to evacuate their dwelling. @BillGates

Thank you for your mission. Changing genetics and hence ecology by rendering mosquitos infertile....leads to no mosquitos.....then what do the bats eat....
Wow!!! Can't wait....
マラリアに対する戦い

ワクチン治療
遺伝子改良
ドローンによる散布
Dear Mr Gates, To our opinion you need smart tools for monitoring climate on hyper local levels. Even taken drones approach, when and where to plan flights... resources are scarce and smart planning is of must have.
2 Corinthians 8:9Generosity Encouraged (NIV)For you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though he was rich,yet for your sakes he became poor,so that you through his poverty become rich.#Father #Jesus #HolySpirit God has blessed you Mr Bill Gates.
With the aim to killing everyone that gets your #vaccine
#depopulation #WeDoNotConsent #PureEvil
What about changing the ability of the mosquitoes yo carry the malária parasite trough genetic modification?
Never mind...
Thank you for your good heart, God bless  you

And Zika while@we’re at it?
We need to put malaria on the blockchain
Bill let's get it done! You and Melinda are making a difference for good. God bless!
Has anyone ever thought that these creatures were created for a purpose in the ecosystem? Everyone just wants to cure everything & forgets that sometimes things are meant to be that way...!!!
Humans are meant to be this way... Changes are inevitable
It’s incredible that you will cure Malaria before fixing the blue screen of death.

Im joking. Thank you
The west’s policy on Africa has been a total failure for years and does not work.. Ghana South Africa Angola Nigeria Zimbabwe have more resources combined that the whole of Europe and the USA so why are we still helping them! Your position is noble but the despots steal billions
Barclays Bank has just returned $500 million back to Angola after corrupt politicians fleeced the country .. then there is the $15billion worth of diamonds and ivory missing from Zimbabwe ... only the tip of the ice berg #AfricanCorruption

Thank you, Mr. Gates !!
Nice concept
Count on me to pilot one of the drones
Con 1.000$ tienes suficiente MMS o CDS para tratar 20.000 casos de malaria. Me puedes contratar para traducirtelo.
Great indeed. Would it also be introduced in Nigeria?
@ValiantWaiyaki
Sketch
This reminds me of Daniel Quinn's Ishmael book where man unconsciously attempts wiping out species for his own benefit

This looks more like a plan to exterminate the female anopheles mosquitoes. https://twitter.com/billgates/status/987121422681112577 …
Sketch
Mr. Bill Gates,i Sierra Leone we suffered a lot with mosquito disease please help us.
And Typhoid too.
Nice
Yes, that & PRIME ARTIST

GUNSnBUTTAH
Im a positive adhd scientist and a future psychologist. Massage therapy is what I do best. “Massage for life.” Enigma -  only Curly’s enigma music I like. 
Or nor toxic sprays....Dragonfly's natural predator to the mosquito. Live in Alberta and when the Dragonfly population is up in mid summer not one mosquito... just saying worth looking into??
I had the answer ages ago: 7 billion bug zappers.
This may work but there is much more to add to the equation. Get in touch with me and I will consider sharing the rest of the equation bc I know you will use it.
Offer research grants to biology 101 students(and small start-up groups) around the world for growing the largest batches of healthy lady-bugs.  Now drop them off up-wind in areas with mosquito issues.  They will sweep across the land gobbling up the disease, over and over again.
Engineering departments can be given grants for a wide variety if topics.  Using low power tech, who can attract/repel mosquitoes using light(EM), sound, and scent.

Detecting mosquitoes then using drones to attract natural predators to the area may prove effective. Attract bats.
Here's a page for a laser diode that is almost perfectly tuned to one of the fundamental quantum states of carbon dioxide.  
This laser may be able to attract mosquitoes because the laser light looks like carbon dioxide that mosquitoes see when we exhale.

http://www.frlaserco.com/en/products/detail/~code.FTLD-1430-05S~nm.14~nc.62/FTLD-1430-05S.html …
Obviously the laser should be diffused using some translucent material like frosted glass or quartz.  That way, we hopefully still have a pure frequency but it's spread out nicely over a wider area.
There's also an LED with this frequency and it's about $150 per bulb.
God bless you!!!!!!
I’m not an expert on mosquitos, but won’t this is a damaging effect on the ecosystem?
Better way to go to save lives of children, women and Men in Uganda, Africa and the world at large. We at Hope for Orphans Organisation Luuka (http://www.hopefororphansorg.com ) pray that you spread the method to the rest of the world particularly Africa. God Bless You.
Those little insects are causing so much havoc. and they are everywhere. the climate favours them. They dont knock on any doors. all they want to do is feed, without permission.  and every time i get malaria the experience is different and always painful. continue the good work
Will you die Bill?
God bless you and your efforts.
Sir one more way to keep away from malaria and i.e. use of..
        (Macchardani)
Dear Sir please visit Odisha once (the state in India).
Click link below 

https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/987380948420513792?s=20 …

How long would you like to walk the earth?

-B.A.S.E.(YE)-
B.A.S.E. Thought: (4/20/18) https://www.instagram.com/p/BhzOrulABKh/ 
Nous sommes reconnaissants en vers vous.Le malaria est un grand fléau pour nous!
Dude. This chart contains way too much info for a tweet. Seriously.
Greetings Sir, please help me financially to complete my masters program in Law at University of Georgia, the total amount is $80,000 as an international Student
Good
I Ask You, What Is There ThatCan MakeYouFeelGood At Your Best & At Peace W/ Yourself > Knowing That You Are & Have Been Living A Life In Harmony W/God's Words_What Can You Compare To It?_ButKnowThis TheWicked Doesn't Have A Clue...As 2What We Are TalkingAbout
I am so pleased to know that; I wish  any sickness in the world will destroy and no one would suffer from any illness.
good analysis let us put the shoulders to eradicate and thanks for the efforts
Use DDT, that's how we did it! DDT is deadly to bugs, but nearly harmless to people!!!
That can’t be true. I’ve seen DDT melt PVC and deteriorate clothing.
सफाई से तथा मच्छरदानी का प्रयोग करके।
Wouldn't that be fantastic? No more malaria! And no nation oder country did it...it was Bill Gates & family & friends & science. That...would...be...unbelievably GREAT!
Check This http://z.quebec/microsoft-la-securite-on-connait-ca/ … and http://z.quebec/ind-kevin-scott-microsoft-cto/ …  @Microsoft #treason #fraud
Drone strikes on the mosquitoes
@BillGates  there is the reason why you are the richest man in the world in india there are lots of youth which needs your help to progress in india there is no stage for talented youngsters i know you have the right stage for our generation 
no water logging, no garbage pilling, hygienic sense...small but initial steps to minimize mosquitoes population
Je suis bénévole quand vous voulez
The war against Malaria? Let’s all shop for an answer within the B.A.S.E. life scale?
@BillGates
Hi. I want to get copyright from Microsoft.
Having a vaccine is good. But other options looks like breaking the nature's own cycle to me.
Just when I thought humans couldn't get any dumber, we have a few against making mosquitos extinct.
Traditionally, new vaccines have always benefited populations in the global north, and only trickle down south after several years. Malaria vaccines cannot follow a similar path!
Read one of your recommendations. Awaiting inter library loan for another.  Keep on doing your thing by being yourself and inspiring others.
or simply killing immigrants
I like Mr Bill gates .your launching of war against malaria is the only war I like . Though
Your launching of war against POLIO is yet to
deliver to its maximum due to political hazard
& far flung areas . I wish more professional head way could make head way in afghanistan& LOL.
Hope in the horizon...
I say we get Musk, Branson, Ellison, and Gates and those willing and claim our own piece of dirt.. not just in Arizona.. (I once worked at Disney's EPCOT) but terraform a celestial body (this is tertiary to my plans of getting layed THIS decade, ;) ) and see how we do, start over
I wonder, if the predatory species were not upon the Earth and other habitable planets in our solar system if we would exist as sentient beings. The Great White Sharks, the mosquitoes... CRISPR will be amazing.. but so many closed minded people and those who will abuse the tech.
Hey Bill, Im into the idea of terra-forming potentially habitable planets, if necessary (within our own Star Cluster). If we could bio-engineer (with Gods help) a new habitable planet withe species we desired... would you? Scratch? Im thinking CRISPR has dawned a new age.

Bill you should be the Honorary President of the World. Eradicating will be the biggest achievement of our humanity, thanks in many ways to your insistence on making the world a better place
Erzähl mir mehr
you are doing great
I’d like to see mention of multiple sector responses including communities. Sadly this is very lacking. Tools aren’t enough
L

Only a fool and ignorant person would use vaccines , pesticides ( that will cause more harm than good to the world ) and fucking with DNA is not realy save because you dont know the outcome over 10 to 20 years ...
Malaria is the big problem in india and other country.
What a bullshit Bill we just use CLO2  and malaria is killed within a week and use it on borelia and you kill this also preventing lyme disease ... Its so simple and cheap way to avoid the zionist controlled bigpharma .
Maralia is nothing compared to the killing of honest Muslims!
Lend me the money to pay debt in the Bank. Returns in cicil per month. address. Jl. Manggis. No 49.ujungbatu . Rohul. Riau. Indonesia.wa.085274153260 (yarni)
Thanks so much for all your contributions!
Don't agree with spraying insecticides, but the other are great.
Bill, Hello. Can you help a family in Russia? My name is Alex. $ 500,000 isn't much for you. It's a lot of money for my family. Please, help! My account: recipient Sidorov Alexandr E., benefit account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Bill, Hello. Can you help a family in Russia? My name is Alex. $ 500,000 isn't much for you. It's a lot of money for my family. Please, help! My account: recipient Sidorov Alexander E., benefit account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Oh you got my blessing Bill keep up the good job the Lord is thy strength
Dealing with the problem from the root has always been the best .It's a good plan
Great
@Crowns147 #adewale ogunbowale #..a gr8 philanthropist...
Not to mention the hard work, dedication and intransigent determination to fix this problem among the researchers and funders.  Keep up the good work, bill!
All looks really good x
Thank you x
Number 3... Could they use raw chicken egg whites to cover the pond surface and stop mosquitos laying their eggs?
After all no one likes eating the white of an egg 
Hope it works
Really need your help sir to start a business and take care of my family please sir any amount will be apreciated sir please help dis is my account no 2079728019 hassana mansur@BillGates
great news   start spraying san diego
Hi Mr Gates I am looking for funding for social housing in South Africa. We are a registered NGO my email address is camykidd@icloud.com   You are doing a great job in eradicating the war against malaria. I used to look after many malaria patients in South Africa.
Mr Bill Gate I need  assistance  .Iam from Zimbabwe
Sek  vi
I beg to differ Bill. A lot of vaccines particularly linked to CDC and Big Pharma in the states have negatively affected most people in extreme cases causing death and other irreversible health effects. What's been done to curb such incidents or its a depopulation agenda at play.
Hye
Basic aim of #Malaria control is business or humanity?  Biotechnology & chemistry can't control it. Instead complicate it. It give you a lot of funds & business.  Best means is physical & environmental control.
Sure
You have almost eliminated polio, now it’s time for malaria . You deserve a highest honour in the universe 
Morning Sir?
God bless you #Billgate
Hye
Its very good news. Allah give you many power for Working with mankind....
nice
What about the youth entrepreneurship fund for Africa. How can I apply?
God bless you
Science for humanity !!
I want your help
A good target after chasing Polio. All support and best wishes
...........███ ]▄▄▄▄▄▃
..▂▄▅█████▅▄▃▂
[███████████████]
◥⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙▲⊙◤
Is it safe to eradicate mosquito populations? What about the environmental assessment? What would the effect of mass-killing them be on the surrounding biodiversity and food webs? That's also important, do we have info on that?
I second this question
War against malaria can Win Through Herbal formula in my use in short time.
This is good news. Malaria has  and is still taking so many lives. This is a welcome development to eradicate or to reduce malaria. Thanks Bill for the investment you are putting in such programmes.Lives of Children and expectant mothers will be saved.
How can I join in this crusade to make the world much safer?
In one hand scientist invent life saving technology, in the other hand they invent life killing weapons of different nature. Amazing phenomena
God bless your foundation. Africa is a bigger winner with this plan. I am ready to help.
So Mr. Gates, will it be Microsoft software running the drones? :P
Work for humanity 
Thank you for your efforts.  I'm down with Malaria at the moment. Malaria ain't cool at all
On eradicating diseases, see the musings of Dutch surgeon Prof Smalhout in his weekly featured newspaper column as reported on my FB page Koos Van Der Wilt.  Adding to the list of conquered diseases is one of the opportunities offered by the Semantic Web, e.g. querying MEDLINE.
How Sri Lanka took radical steps against malaria and won! It is now declared Maria free

Beautiful, keep up the good champ
Thank you.
Thank you sir, I eish to work with you.
Vaccine development is a good step, even pesticides can be controlled to an extent. But changing the genetic code, will have no coming back. You never know what it can bring in future
I don't know if this war can be win.
Maybe you do not have to fight malaria, EVERYTHING IS EVERYONE EVERYONE! PEOPLE, ANIMALS, INSECTS, FISHES AND MICROS .. THE CROAPS WILL STAY AND WILL SLEEP IN THE LADOSHE !!!
Hello Bill! You will defeat malaria, I do not argue .. And you can influence the State Department .. and cure their heads from the inflammation of the brain! Ask them: "Do you want the Third World War"? Listen to them and make a conclusion ..
