OMG... I interviewed @BillGates! How is it possible to be an optimist when there's so much suffering happening around us? Watch my new video in which we try to figure out if the world is actually as bad as we think it is... https://youtu.be/4EIvK9XsFRo  
says the man with all the resources and money he needs - some people are struggling out here -
He has the largest pivate charity in the world, Largest donater in the world in excess of 30 billion
I know this and I appreciate what he and his wife alongside others in their wealth class are doing - my point is more about how people are suffering all over the world, on all levels. It’s easy to say things aren’t that bad when you’re not dealing with the bad personally.
It easy to say things are not that bad when you helped it improve
i think the WORLD IS RICHER than the PUBLIC & highly skilled labour from news media to HSBC BPO to even difficult dances @ films india/um*
.
sgxhfjc
Thinks are improving but not quickly enough. I want to see Governments much more actively involved in problem solving.

By planting 10 billion trees immediately, all over the world, you can save the earth from global warming.! By installing 1000s of wind generators along the west coast of Africa, you can bring enormous environmental changes there. Sahara desert would be gone.

Do you think he will ever read this tweet

 yep  I thought as much
Hi sir
Not when you are richer than everyone else combined
i think IN A SPAN OF TIME , no nation can escape communism , where army men will be measured with clerical with skilled labour etc 2ACT/um*
Get out of your bubble to see that the world suck.
Hi
though ASIAN AFRICAN nations are education & labour driven ,the CLASS DIVISIONS have to reduce & will in turn control population growing/um*

Says the fucking billionaire who doesn’t know the cost of pizza rolls
@hannahtraining not his fault face ur own problem
hahabrillant 1 of the richest men on earth telling you life is great, haha tell that to the people who dont have a home, a bed, food, millions upon millions, that is... get your head out of windows 10 clouds
NATION PRIORITY but production based GLOBALIZATION&world should get richer quicker& MATHEMATICS will rule economies of companies2 public/UM*
if it is just 30 minutes to india from usa , people would fly over for LUNCH to HYDERABAD daily & i think future is DO WE GET IT CHEAP/um*
i think the HUGE SUCCESS OF AMAZON FLIPKART online shopping is by PRODUCTS which could be bought CHEAPER & BUSINESS TRACK 2DAY RULING/um*
i think USA INDIA CHINA exports can help world public live a better life as the massive economies can deliver it much cheaper2 less rich/um*
i think PAY IN ASIAN NATIONS has to improve drastically & it is a case of LABOUR RIGHTS & governments respective to AID COMPANIES PAY/um*
i thought when i cud do M TECH with that amount of brilliance , it is not worth continuing to work @ HSBC demanding high communication/um*
@ingridnilsen  I want an iphone" x
Keep spreading positives william. We can make this world work for evebody. Time. Patience. Diligence. A little love and empathy
You just haven’t been a victim of suffering and now that Albinos are suffering they are in shocked and concerned
Hell yeah,in iran we have problems ...
Yeah @DzivaPalesa
So we have our fund-raising function on weekend Bill, here in Durban SouthAfrica.We don't ask people to donate money to us or material.But we ask people to pray for us to continue serving the needy people,and children.
Hii sit
NYC
Does the world need illustrates now days
Yes suck where is your NGO over killing on dozens of Syrian children's and innocent civilians......this is your sovereignty or this is your real face??
I would like you to add me as a friend
The world has enough for everybody, paranoia thinks it sucks.
اليد تختلف الاصابع فيها والاولاد من بطن كل واحد يختلف عن الثاني فيها خير وفيها الشر
Facts and Statistics

care about rare
Don't say much Bill, if everything's are FAKE
I just a small craftsman, please don't lie to me, Bill 
your said that you will assist development my small business, but your said and your promise are FAKE
Bill, please return my money
I don't need your assistance, because your promise is FAKE, Bill
In 99 I wrote 2 master thesis about technology management hence including recycling in cost structure - P&L and the other one about permission marketing - guess which one gave me job at P&G back in 99 and which would give me today.  Food for honest response
It's worse, ask a Syrian
And technology goes faster to human being forgetting it suppose to assist / help not replace it and results in the highest number of depressive people.. sometimes you have to touch almost  the bottom to stand up again and build sustainable world not greed blindly driven one.
I would not say it sucks, it goes via unavoidable evolution which proves capitalism as we knowdidn’t work out (hence you have help  poor ones as instead of having less YoY we have more) consumption went over proportion behind blind greed without vision hence environmental issue
The world has the capabilities to provide comfort and freedom for all.  However, our spirits need peace.
Good paweerful Sir 
The world sucks quite alot actually.

Corruption, mass-murder, greed, starvation, shameless inequality and difference in treatment.

Although i live in a safe place, i still feel for those people.

This doesn't matter if you're rich though...
Money donated to the Foundation to Decrease World Suck should be distributed  to non-profits selected for project for it Awesome. Thanks
Amen
Unless man slaughter is being stopped in Syria, the world can’t be a better place
Syria bombed by Russia & russia got full support of Trump
In it's entirety, YES. Very much so. The only way to reverse it is to incorporate diversity sensitivity classes into curriculums at every grade level including for all educational paths. #Simple
You are not asking but you are saying.
I love you bill Gates
The world does not suck at all, we live in the greatest time in history!
On the contrary, it sucks significantly more than anyone can imagine
But you create some of the suffering when your Xbox live rapes people’s bank accounts
I love this positive attitude @BillGates
It sucks in St Louis right now. #AtomicHomefront  Your a major shareholder. You can help it not suck before we all blow up. Thanks!
I do not believe the world sucks, to the contrary. It is  extraordinary fill with marvelous people. Of course there's part of it that it sucks but it  doesn't  describe the whole only a part of it.
I hope not
I thought about this tweet for a while but still find it confusing. Mr. Gates care to deliberate about this some more please? Thanks
Yes the world sucks I'm one of 6 kids. 5 wanted to put our parents in a nursing homes. I Rosie won. I cared for our parents for over a year. Dad was under hospice at home. Mom had  dementia. Dad died feb.17,2016, I went to jail feb.19,2016
Cooooooooooooooooooooooooool
Dear Sir, Iam a big fan of you. You are very rich and you are veey important for this world but why you are not talking about what happens in syria. If you do something whole world will do something. Please its a request to contribute your thoughts about syria and those 500 ppl.
Look at worldeconomicforum. They show how great humans are!
Maybe somekind
It’s getting better slowly but surely <3 km optimistic that we can have a global awakening to get everyone on board with us in the age of technology trying to enter into the age of brotherly love and women whatever <3 peace on earth <3 #globalgoals @GlobalGoalsUN <3

Using the word "suck" to describe this world is silly. With all the continents, countries, religions, philosophies, economies, it's obviously complicated. However, there still are a handful of brutal men controlling millions. That sucks
I want to encourage all the nay sayers to watch the Video.  It is clear from the tweet that Bill Gates does not believe the world is perfect.The world is improving at a rapid rate.I feel much better about the state of humanity after watching this. Miracles are happening!
Please sir respond for Syria
Good morning!Very interesting concept : it sucks and  blows ...
 The world is like the stage of acts & everybody must take good part here my friend so that nobody says the world is suck
What to do
Let's again talk about Education..
India is just wasteing their resources/energy by imparting education in some foreign language.
As for the employment, they have some other means of communication. Why So??
The best language for anyone is the one in which your mind thinks.
Let's talk of Mahatma Gandhi Ji..He has the same vision for India..Employment for everyone through our traditional practices.. and the PHILOSOPHY behind it was "small is beautiful". Idea was to decentralized all the resources..Centralisation of anything is dangerous be it power..
Sir i need ur help to pay my $6500 remaining fees which i have to submit before 16th march plzz help me out i can also show you my fees plzz sir it will be a great help i have paid all bt myself dis much is left plzz sir...
Let's assume that each variable/ individual is mfg. Something as per it's expertise without any additional interference/ machines..then each of us have some work to do and also earning something in return and hence self-employed. But currently we are becoming a service provider!!
Let's take a problem..say 
POVERTY IN INDIA OR EMPLOYMENT ISSUES FOR 1.3 billion people
How to solve it??
The answer is very simple. Let's divides the actual figure of 1.3 millions into small segments.
Or come to each individual as a variable. Each variable has some unique qlty.
Well what about the ethical values...
Every system have different boundary conditions/ problems...
And the best possible solutions lies in the system itself with the locally available resources.
But we just waste our energy looking outside for the solutions.
Mr Gates please help me to create a Reading army to go into schools to teach Reading to 3-8th graders who never learned to read
Let's talk about the world's most populous country...भारत Or India..
Here we are just replicating the western culture/Education without even thinking about our own identity. Is it right???
Why do we want paint the whole Universe with a single colour!!! 
 Is it really good???
There's a nuclear waste dump that needs to be cleaned up and it's owned by Republic Services, a company that you own. Can you help the residents that live nearby by removing the nuclear waste. It really sucks for them.
Ha ha..Very nice to watch your interview regarding World's most fearsome problems...but May be I am not completely satisfied with the STATISTICAL DATA. 
Let's come to the question related to education...Ok may be what you have said is right..but are imparting the right education!
Run for President.  Gates 2024.
Voting for Caroline Kennedy 2020... just saying...
Depends where u r  ? 
It's the ppl that are in certain regions that make it a good or bad experience n formulate your personal outlook...n there is nature 2 consider as well...
https://www.fiverr.com/russelva/be-your-virtual-assistant …
I can provide quality services of: 

Data Entry 
Web Research
Lead Research
Blog Posting
Social Media Marketing (Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, etc)
Basic Graphics Editing
Product Listing
Word Documents
SEO
Excel
Nice!
Mr gates you have to change your approach all though I understand the need of population control.
It depends which side of the coin you are looking on. But a proper intelligent approach is required to look at this very big question. The world has so much to offer but Mankind and capitalism has lost its way. Neither to I believe in social or communism in its implemented form.
Not as much as windows.
world not ppl are
It suck that you wished to own it all. "Report: Microsoft to challenge Slack with new Skype Teams service https://www.geekwire.com/2016/report-microsoft-challenge-slack-new-skype-teams-service/ …" Slack is simplicity & does not come with over-bloated & nonsensical Skype.
Mindset makes people to say such things,I feel.
I love you bil
If everyone think that people suck now a days then not good will not happen ,in this situation we must think like Bill gets 
How's it feel to be a frightened little weasel in hiding? 
Not be long now willy before the world knows what your agenda was!
#qanon
我最近每天都有梦魇 那七只ai说是你利用某些黑科技给我制造出来的 我每晚像看大片一样 早上起来睡眠质量不行 到底是不是你 还是另有其人？如果是你最好给我送几张win10光盘
The world doesn’t suck. It was just fine before we got here.
The world doesn’t suck, it’s just a lot of people do, cause there lazy, feel entitled, etc., etc.,
Legend
The boss
I think saying that something "sucks" should be a good thing. As in "that's as cool as getting a blowjob".
@ingridnilsen Winter, freeze and too much snow sucks as well...
God gives us enough, but he does not give us comfort. There is a lot of family who are having difficulty eating at home. There are so many families who are diagnosed with a health checkup .Your small donation can help their baby
Canara bank

my bank account number - 5268101000234
~ Orang2 optimis lebih bisa berbahagia di bumi dibandingkan orang2 pesimis & skeptis di bumi. & orang2 paling bisa berbahagia di bumi adalah orang2 yang benar2 tidak peduli dengan apapun di bumi selain kehidupan2 pribadi mereka. ?. Itu yang paling bisa berbahagia di bumi.
hi Bill gates
You're the best Gates
Wow, just started earning 20$ a day on this website. Check it out guys and enjoy 

Link below...

It’s called being a narcissist
Not at all. There's a lots and lots of auful things going on out there, but lots of good things. To be focussing in bad things that are happening around us, is easier that in the good ones. Also depends on your state of mind.
#SAVELIFE.. it's most IMP sir
https://twitter.com/britprincess64/status/968393009745326080 …
I misread World as word 
It does, you may not see it, but I do, America is a profit addict and it may seem fine but one day it will have a heart attack & it will all be over.
In the little space i live, it sucks atrociously
Though u try to safe life on one side ..the power struggle b/w nation's and within nation is taking the lifes of Syrians..
Give me $30,000
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Getting a comfy seat on that boat of optimism must be so relaxing ! I wish some of us on the waiting list had a chance!
But more...
Hello sir plz need one help sir
Well it does help when you’re a billionaire..
Hello
Yes sir
Serious stuff cause slows light heartedly makes better.
Bill am a pastor 48 unmarried dad died mother old 75 had two brothers mentally depressed no own house had a debt of 145,500$ just help me with this money I will pay my debts get married and continue pastor work and take care of my family help me humanly
Bill Gates, you are so creative. Am told every computer in the world is yours. True?
If they do, they should suck http://www.Semillons.com  ,now for sale for USD $5 Million or a nice http://www.BordeauxSauterne.com  for $3 M. But the best wine domains ever Bill, now on sale http://www.RedWineCellars.com  & http://www.WhiteWineCellars.com  for $100 Million for the pair, a great investment.
It's the people in the world who suck. We succumb to greed & selfishness and neglect human kind and nature.
Hi. Sir really great ......
nice
To: BillGates

Sub: may be!!!???

Respected Gates,
I too thought so...
But I started watching the tv show...
"Everything sucks" 
I still SEEK a time to your question... " does everything sucks?". 
Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,
Chetan BG.

Please help Syrian people 
dude you are rich af why would it suck?
You're the best,GATES!
Definitely! The construction is on your work 
https://www.pointsprizes.com/r/free-steam-gift-cards-100-legit …
I got 20$ gift card for free try urself awesome site
Bwhahaha, people on pedestals .The arrogance is outstanding .
Our earth as of now like almost he'll many bad things happening around doesn't mean we go heart them and trouble our energy system also but all must meditate n go vegetarian to bring minimum humanity n peace n love on earth. Health problems due to their wrong doing last lives
1st one must read souls journey book by Peter Richelu to understand what's actually happening and food from gods book by jasmuheen Mam wisdoms areas to poor atleast areas as rich is not actually helping poor also if helps then no poverty shall b.heal your health book must read!
Excellent work you did
We are born into a reality which is both good and bad which greatly differs for one another
by having faith and trusting God...
Patient should have faith that his/,her disease is curable.
It's the way u see the world around u...what is the harm in being positive
But it does still suck then...
Everything is. not for money .But any treatment offered free is REJECTED as useless b many people.Hypnotreatment is free.Patient need not move from his place.Time for treatment is 15 minutes before sleep in the night. As holiday have faith that the disease is curable.
It is a pity that many organisations are spending valuable time to find cures for different types of cancer diseases,but could not try Hypnocure as suggested by Dr.Irene Hickman in her book "Mind Probe Hypnosis".
Why people are not coming forward for Hypnotherapy treatment?
only  uncontrolled human psych sucks the http://world.rest  everything is benificial in the world.
Good morning sir
Rise our voice #SaveSyria #SaveSyrianChildren
You can only make the world interesting for you, if you so wish.
No the world does not suck just #Americas fake @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
I didn't enjoyed the sucking part yet .... waiting nd waiting
No..
World makes u a better person everytime
Our Earth is massive positive screen with a few negative dots...not a negative screen with a few positive dots. Focus on the positive
还好
It's interesting that do many people disagree with him based on their own little worlds. He is talking about planet earth when he talks about the world. Not you little part of it.
I agree with you sir. Still there are more positive and good hard working people, who wants to change and improve their lifestyle and help the world to grow.
