Your are blaming schools for the outputs, but not blaming the inputs. To be brutally honest, if you have subpar students and parents (and teachers), u get subpar results. I went to standard K12, the kids who became doctors and engineers were smarter and studied more. #edchat
I’ll answer that question: take 10 kids out of my 2nd grade -leaving me 18 vs 28, provide ample quality resources, support my expertise, then leave me alone to do my job! Saved you billion of $ for research!
You want kids to have quality teachers? Stop trying to prove most of us are NOT quality, start paying teachers high wages, and make education degree programs more selective. The weak links will get weeded out w/o “accountability” hoops looming over us!
You want to do something about mental health issues in children? Listen to teachers!! We know what is causing kids to be ticking time bombs! We know which kids need WAY more help than they’re getting! We know more than we’re allowed to say, but we aren’t experts, right?
You want to do a better job educating children? LISTEN to your local public school teachers!! Or you can keep coming up with New and Improved programs to produce the exact same results every single time. Then spend money to study what went wrong.
How are the acoustic noise levels countered? Panel from lego Duplo's.
https://mesenaatti.me/duplo 

#duplo #wallpanel #acoustics
#startribune @financialtimes #financialtips @nydailynews @denverpost @dallasnews @newsday @houstonchron @orangecountyregister @thestarledger @tampabaytimes
Here's the most important question: why don't you give to the government? You say you "need to" pay more in taxes, yet you choose not to.
Jag trodde att ditt var ett riktigt svenskt konto. 
Jag är en riktig svensk så det kan man säga att det är.
Jo det stämmer.
Thanks to you both!
I truly Love you and Melinda for All your involvement in our Human needs, you are a Blessing! Thank you for caring!
Hi Bill
Bill, we the people of Volta region of Ghana needs your urgent attention due to the nature of our water bodies. We need a boreholes as a water source. @ern_kay1 @BishopJakes @BillGates
Congestion and class size may be an issue?
Hi
A) Schools have to take hiring away from Principals who hire people they like who are not good teachers.
B) Hiring of teachers should involve parents, students and peers in mock classroom settings.  Kids will ID a good teacher in a nano second.
C) Teachers s/b temps/subs b4 hire.
I have reason 

It's one reason
Oh that's rich.
"Hello pot, name's kettle"
BMGF has lost focus and credibility in its #K12 efforts. At 1st, 100% correct finding that good teachers: 1) get students back on track after falling behind, and 2) ??, Then U veered into Con Academy which any good teacher tell you is not better than regular good teaching #edchat
Wow.  I thought you were smart.  To blame student shortcomings in College on #PublicSchools is absurd.  Ohhh, you dropped out of Harvard as a Freshman.  Professors say that part of their job is to separate A students from D students, grade on curve, and flunk a few. #edchat
Bet your not falling short, financially!
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.com/2018/02/the-lateste-tech-news-32.html …
Can i become your son in law
https://twitter.com/OfficialTRCoin?s=09 …
Give me a chance regarding job for construction line



Hi
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Could always adopt the ISU’s and start using the metric system 
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.in/2018/02/the-latest-tech-b.html?m=1 …
“The principle goal of education in the schools should be creating men and women who are capable of doing new things, not simply repeating what other generations have done" (Piaget)
Maybe if they weren't terrified of getting shot during algebra class, they'd perform better on tests. We need to focus on the bigger picture today, the smaller ones tomorrow.
Hey Bill, saw you on @TheEllenShow the other day. You may interested in checking out this mobile learning application laying the groundwork for the future of personalized technology enabled learning
I just want to say how wonderful it is that you and your family are such sweet, caring, and giving people. Your support of many humanitarian groups and organizations seem thankless. I want to thank you for all that you do. You project great role model traits.
Hello, Mr. Gate, i need your help of 250 US Dollars to pay my school fees. Thanks for your kind anticipation, my mobile phone number is +2348131031514, my name is Shinyi, Terkaa, Justine. I am from Nigeria
Hi Bill Gates can u help me I am learning IT so can u help me
America
LEARNING vs TEACHING: Stats show that much of what is taught in schools is lost & misunderstood by the students.  http://www.sovereignlord.ca/slides---education.html … …
Hi Bill. Off subject I know but would you or anyone donate £600 to me to get my car fixed please?
Hi how are you
I'm doing great
Could you care about Chinese education?
Give me 1M dollar 
بالتوفيق نشاء الله
Bom dia AMIGO billgates que ou Angolano africa
Peace be upon you
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.in/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-29_20.html?m=1 …
Your support to http://pssmusa.org  May get u right educators if we want right education to people. It's like to a place where health is needy health edu needed. To a place like America with more resources ,education of sharing to needy is needed as such.. ! Isn't so !?
I guess you should meet up some of the school students for that
I know you’ve thought of this but..All over the U.S there are little whole towns for sale..Have you ever thought of buying them and setting it up to be run by, jobs to, housing for the homeless in that area and where over a towns are available ?
Run for President we need clarity you and Warren Buffet would be a great team#@realDonaldTrump #MikePence #POTUS
Wow you are smart
.@GroverNorquist, Americans for Tax Reform president, challenges Bill Gates to pay $2 billion to the government if he thinks the government should raise taxes.   Robber Baron a-hole.
Might you go on @RubinReport show & talk taxes & then speak about vaccines & health programs you help forward to help humanity ? Many Republicans falling to fear Vaccines due to Alex Jones .
Hey @BillGates, you can voluntarily pay more taxes if you like, or even better, you can also pay all your employees a lot more so you won’t have so much money. What’s stopping you? 
Bill Gates:  you have power and wealth that can help these youth in parkland Florida!!!   Please reach out to them and give them your leadership and financial support!!!  It is a “more than worthy” cause. Thank you!
Please don’t go on Chuck Lorre show #me too. He is mysogonist and stole tv shoes from young original creators. Everyone in Hollywood knows
Why not open up here in U.S. shelters with professional mental health workers 24/7 .. We have a massive amount of homelessness .
Bill, you do realize that there is a link on http://IRS.gov  that you can click on to pay more taxes, that's if you really want too.?.

And if you want to throw away your hard earned money you can thro 10 or 20 million my way. If you feel you're not taxed enough, why not?
#billgatesfirst
Florida schools have dropped Common Core.  The testing results are now off the charts for these kids.  All that money you wasted on pushing that agenda. Good thing people are waking up to the Franklin School model you were pushing.  Communism is a failed ideology.
Suppose t depends on what you want from life Bill.
Richard Branson quit school at 15 and did ok.
Your way may work for far more people but I was bullied and abused by a particular teacher but couldnt ll dad or he would have beaten the teacher up so just dropped out

How about ( Trump Tax Cut) Bonus for Your Hard Working Employees?
I wish you the best of luck and hope  I can get in a position to join in and make changes.
Dear Mr. Gates, Can you take a moment please and clean up the seas of plastic? Maybe a fleet of solar powered ships? It is a huge problem now with sea life, such as birds, turtles, etc. dying. By 2050 there will be more plastic by weight in the seas than fish!

NEW “I LOVE AMERICA” CHILDRENS E-BOOK NOW AVAILABLE ON AMAZON KINDLE! 
https://www.amazon.com/America-Childrens-Rhyming-Bedtime-Beginner-ebook/dp/B079SZCV22/ref=sr_1_4?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1519150590&sr=1-4&keywords=Emily+Hopkins … 
How many of those students were meant to go to college?  Does that change the metrics?  Most all schools have dropped their vocational training aspects of learning. Why?
Congratulations thy philanthropic is lucrative on the globe.

The child is your guest in the house. Feed him, train him and let him go. 
Plz help them or find someone who will
GOD BLESS AND GUIDE YOU
what is the purpose of life Mr. Gates ?
Facebook should please stop BITCOIN ADS I lost my college fee ($5,000) my voice must be heard
Dope!!  https://www.imdb.com/videoplayer/vi1140109849 …
hy Mr Bill Gates,an a Ugandan and do charity work to those in need like the disadvantaged children,the elders,orphans.I need help




''আমাদের ভাষা আন্দোলন ''
@sajeebwazed @obaidulquader @zapalak 
. Will you or Melinda please run for president
Ooo
Respectable
Any ideas on harvesting metrics to avoid more shootings? School, social, mental health records, etc.
There’s this website called http://pay.gov , I’m sure you’ve heard of it. Would be an excellent place for you to put your money! As someone on tv said, “put up or shut up”
Break local monopolies and fund school choice. If GM makes a bad car, I don't buy it.
Thank you for your humanity, more grease to your elbow. We will appreciate it more if you can reach out to us in rural area in Nigeria. Many people especially the aged and abandoned people.
Please help me.
With what?
Bill u & other libs who love high taxes can give to US govt by visiting the Bureau of the Fiscal Service & give any sum of money “for general government purposes and for  the specific purpose of paying down or reducing the public debt.”
No one is stopping you from paying all you want to. Don't force us to pay. #PayAllYouWant
Please send in as much money as you would like Bill.  I am sure the federal government would gladly accept it.  I'll wait to see if you actually send in extra money out of the goodness of your heart, or if you are just a big talk, no action person....
Hi Bill, My name  is Kingsley from Ghana we will be happy  if you could  assist  us eliminate school's under  tree here.
If you fell you are under taxed you can donate all you would like to the treasury. Money you earn is your money not anybody else's. Why don't you set up a Utopia city with your own money without any government funds and see how long  you can make it.

A lot, but not as much as either of us would like. 
We made education the focus of our work in the United States because it is the key 
to a prosperous future, for individuals and the country.
Let’s tax you at 95% until you’re a conservative, again. Better yet, you write the check to the IRS...there’s nothing stopping you.  Our government has colluded with you to centralize money in your pocket through regulations and tax breaks.
Respectfully Sir, statistics are OK, but sometimes you have to work with people that are not afraid to tell U the truth,why it's not working
Looks like Nigerian flags, to me
Great One. The World Over appreciates your Foundations Philanthropic support, most especially, the Developing Nations; we in Nigeria Particularly appreciates your foundations support.
Yes thank you very much follow me in Twitter
Please tell me
Hi,how r u,sir?

Always room to improve indeed!Goodnight to you&Ma'am Melinda!
So since you believe you are under taxes, why not use these proceeds to hire a 1,000 teachers and put them to work.
Education system is very obsolete ...why not quote from Finish or Singaporean scholar system and make retouching somehow?
Well, you said something about wanting to pay more taxes! Here ya go: https://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/fsfaq/fs_gifts_to_govt.htm …
hello  sir  good  morning
Actually finding ways to solve problem.  Here’s a novel idea and the Democrats can use some of that instead of the same old ideas that’s proven again and again to be counterproductive
Please return my money, bill
You have lie to me about your promise, bill
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you
Bruh
thanx

Nobody cares billy why don’t you pick a person at a time pay off their debts buy them a house and life time medical insurance you fake little man. #egomaniac
Top two mental health issues are anxiety and depression, with over 4 in 10 students who seek help reporting the conditions.

Future is not looking good for America - rank 14th in education and 2nd in ignorance on social issues.
What is preventing Bill Gates from sending his $70 billion to the IRS? 

Why does he choose to spend his hard earned money through private charity and foundations instead of sending it to government?
LASTLY, You had design a world of your Own for the LIGHT to live under  Your Satanic & Luciferian world. Well let me design world if you decided to stay In The Darkness. All your wealth will turn into dust & you will have to start All over again in your old world. GOOD LUCK!. 
I hope Trump does as u ask with a 90% tax on all assets over 1 billion.    U & Buffet r F-ing ingrates & hypocrites.   VOLUNTEER ur billions to the government.
,it is a monumental task to compensate for the shortcomings of the schoolsWith budgetary constraints closures etc,kids are losing
Great
باشه:-)
Sad to say, but a lot of students who finished high school are not prepared to go to college, so much more, to finish college...
The LIGHT MASTERS hope you make the right choice of world. 
Otherwise,
GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY 
Dear Bill Gates,
Your Masters 33 Luciferian & Satanic masters have been DEFEATED.
Masters 44 Are in Power. 
You will not be allowed to live & work in 2 worlds. If you and Your Family can't LIVE and WORK  for the LIGHT, You & Your Family will not be WELCOMED into THE NEW WORLD.
Sir I want your help
If God is one, then the method of worship and Scripture should have been one.Then why so many ??

http://www.jagatgururampalji.org/click.php?id=101 …
#NBAAllStar https://twitter.com/LordKabir1/status/965534442658959360/photo/1pic.twitter.com/Odfv1HOp8y 

العلم نور والجهل ضلال
Hey bill are you a philanthropist?
When it comes to college, just because you can, doesn't mean you should. Not everyone needs a college degree to success in life. But somehow, everyone thinks going thru college will magically fix everything. Perhaps talk with #dirtyjobs for a different perspective in the matter
yes brother  Bill

Kids are not machines that you can program.
Here's a study:  How we measure the avenue we are educated and how that carries over in relevance to debt created to obtain it.    The college system is broken and inefficient if you truly look at the big picture of value to society.  Wait until companies start realizing this...
The solution is more money from taxes.
The immorality of your money means you can’t buy your way into public favour ... you’ve exploited people’s reliance on your systems to gain wealth now you tell us our systems of education are failing and you can fix them ?? I’d rather they stayed broken
