Nice .... as the saying goes "Birds of a feather, flock together"
+ the 99.999% can count on buff it + bill 'n heirs 2 give a crap
Buffet runs the Drug Trade in North America
cia fsb pour dire oui ou non de sa vie
Would you be willing to invest in single Father's that raise our future? thepapaposse@gmail.com
My hero
Is worthy of financial giants
God bless u bill gates sir ...
U r supreme on this Galaxy undoubtedly ...
Sir help me please l do have dad and  mum
Ujambo
Sir please help me
I am a farmer in india
Can. You help me few more
Funds to pay loan
Sir
c'estr peut etre qu'une merde qui fait que les juifs doivent etre bruler pour sorcelerie pour comprendre le proletaria
Hi
il a voullu delocaliser et il est mort
Please gate launch us windows Azure
good fellow
Alikiba
This is a misleading statement.  He is not an investor
I'm currently of the Entrepreneurial mindset - Creating New Ventures.
Huh, trying to make a few bucks huh bill.  

Pork bellies.  Do not listen to much to him, his investments may be good for you good for him, but I am guessing they are hurting a select group of innocent people.
He is not even a philonthropist. U give 1/3 to USa 1/3 Philanthropy.
people are begging you under a photo of 1 of the richest men alive ha this world is nuts.
Cancel your Trumpus Buffoonus tomorrow. Show the Corporate World how a Real Man behaves.  Or... are you going to Thank Him for your Huge Tax Cut ,??
...need' without greed is best business wisdom; indeed.
That's great
investire per poi ripulire tutto, metti i buoi nella stalla poi non li trovi piu', Dio vede e provvede
A good heart always find another one
Hi hit me up @Smithferry007@gmail.com
How are you
Can you help me with my computer exam tomorrow, I can't understand OOPS properly
ゲイツはバフェットに
惚れている^_^
Revealation6:4&8=TheBeastOfThe Earth=TrumpNRARepublicansPutinAsad etc_TheyR All InIt 2Gether AllTheyCareAbout Is MoneyPower &Sex_IWas Completely Robbed By Their Friends=CounterPart(s)_IFeel Bad 4Those Who Continue 2Grieve Because Of OthersSelfishness
You KnowMe_IWant 2Help GiveHeadsUp 2Every1 Where I Know There Is Danger & IKnow Some A lot HateDespiseMe Because Of The Word Of God XposesThem_Although IHave Suffered Greatly Paid APrice Because Of His Word You MyFamily|Friends Are Worth The Sacrifice
Mr. Bill Gate, I request to expose a tool for Microsoft that foresees the sector of the public; Frauds, corruption, please contact me at my email manuko.92@hotmail.com
Sorry to intrude on a possible nap Mr. Gates.  We are inquiring on your progress of the focal Sun project(s).  Will this mean an 'end' to alternative Energy (coal, oil, wood, etc etc etc).  We're positive you have been tackling this since forever. kthxbye
Ya try to sound formal. You failure.
Sry I have exams tomorrow and I'm stressed out
Hello, dear Bill. Here is a small table of new quantum-physical elements, thank you, you are my idol. Sincerely, Korzhavin Ilya, Professor, Miass, Chelyabinsk Region, Russia.
Help me to buy laptop 
ThankYou 4Being There4Me Just2...See IFeel Like IAlwayNeed ARealWorking ProgressiveRelationship_WherePeopleActual CanBelieve_InPart IfNotAll_It WillCome InTime_ ICant Just Talk In2 TheAir_Besides IKnow You_TheThingsThat Are Written Are Real & Progressing
Nice
Buffets
Good financial advice " invest in your Employees give them a Trump Tax break bonus " the great Magnet
That's a great one #man
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
hi sir
Right people to the right position - And right advice to the right people according to the right time, is better ! Thanks Bill - how are you doing ?
I'm afraid that I will have to avenge the death of my close friend - Dmitry Dupin. Thank you.
Ukrainians, I can be wrong, but there were too many violations - they made me disabled, you urgently need to take me from the city-b Okada Miass, since I'm the only one who knows how to create a time machine, I do not want that technology would fall into the hands of enemies.
to be on the side of Germany so that we won in this hard war, I was told that I was ordered by Armenians - I do not know if it's true or not, but threats were repeated by the Tatars and others, they framed me and some of them killed me because of money (maybe it's Russians or
not allowed to wage war against Igil, understand, I wish the good of these people, but they behave very aggressively towards the Russians, Serbs and Germans The people of Muslim nationality shot the Cossack in Moscow unreasonably, it is necessary to solve this problem - you have
Zdravsvtuyte, dear Bill. I was severely beaten by a security guard at TRC Slon Miass, (a man with tanned skin, is on the ground floor, I also urgently need your support - they do not give me my loans in banks, they repeatedly beat me - twenty people per one, kicked for they are
The richest men in the world are Jakob Evelyn and Nicholas. They are the only trillionaire's on the planet.
Endorse B.A.S.E. today & let’s create a revolutionary world economic system that ingeniously heals & evolves the human race?

-Steve Lamar-
바른정당 해체 명령 문재인 탄핵 명령
변태집단 너랑나랑 어플로 만난 남자들을 스토킹하여 변태행각 
올림픽 상장 법무부에서 국왕 임현아로 발급명령
추미애 파랑색 변태 옷차림으로 출연
지금 현재 정부 사람들 전부 쓸어버려야되요
빌게이츠  문재인이 왜 일안하녜요
문재인 정신병범죄
I am from the country of Ecuador, I request financial assistance to develop infrastructure of business development of necessities, so at some level to help minimize hunger, my email is manuko.92@hotmail.com
Great, thank you!
Sir ji please help me... please sir...95821
78728
you are very hot sex

Everyone please share my tweet so that it can reach to me Bill gates sir so that I can contact him to discuss a idea of a new social app which will help the whole world I am unsure to contact him please help me before I die from this disease share my tweet and belove me once
What you mean by that?
Hello sir bin want to discuss a idea of a new social app which will change the world and help people world-wide but I am unable to contact you please help me sir to contact you before I die this from this serious diseases please just listen to my idea once and believe me help me
Hi sir Gud uning Im Kallesh from bangalore in karnataka sir I'm very poor family I have searching fast 6month job but I don't get any job can u get any job I will work with u sir please my number 7406681766  I have hope sir thank u so much
Great. You've been a great blessing to our generation. May you go to greater heights and live longer for us.
Nice
When my funds are transfered?, please transfer today, my email : duwi.s@amka .co.id, duwisyahlevi@yahoo.com
Great bose voice cancelling headphones cheap
CHEAP NEW IPHONE 6S PLUS 128GB GOLD
Fantastic
I offer you a job
search my 10 programmer the Web
the company that we the Web do
Web which I need to do is so consuming from I need a very good programmer
I need help establish business to detail.
terms of internationally matter
martin29mrkvica@gmail.com
ok
我们爱党爱国，中国也有巴菲特似的人——钱旺集团法人张小雷，但现在被南京市委书记张敬华陷害，张敬华想黑吃钱旺集团（500亿），致使全国两百万家庭生不如死。恳请正义之士关注南京“钱宝”案，全国最大冤案。国内所有能发声的渠道全部被封，迫于无奈只好向全世界的良知媒体及正义之士求助。跪谢！
https://www.gofundme.com/58pwofk?pc=tw_co_dashboard_a&rcid=3f2d1bb9991344b2bbd4df153d9ec1c2 … @gofundme
I am your biggest fan
The only reasonable investment of money, is a virtue.
l'm studying economic because l have an exam
How come you and Warren Buffett haven’t ever gone into business together? Or have you?
VOCE AINDA ESTA SOLTO @CIA  @FBI @NSAGov @realDonaldTrump ?
INVESTIR SEU DINHEIRO ? VOCES NAO TEM MAIS NADA !
AFINAL @Microsoft E PUBLICA ,PRIVADA,PUBLICA/PRIVADA ?
@realDonaldTrump ?
Great to have good friends. I have a question and you may not even read this. I've been wanting a house for 65 yrs. I've saved. This is a life long dream of mine. I've raised 3 kids alone and they are doing great and now it's my turn. Any advise in what else I can do. Tks!!!!!!!!
Sir, I'm a single mother  I have a two children a have no money  for children  for school fees! I have no job , i have a hard life.Please sir help me fund.
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
What a friendship....
MY ancestors, Aryan Persians, invented MONEY. I've no love for money, but accumulated a wealth of knowledge about a power greater than Man

Nice pic.....
Great
What a fat tweet. Two billioners in one post. By the way who is more rich fat? I am lazy to google)))
I think first of all need to find good place to live and better investing can be made in relocation, immigration, etc. Second? I dunno, maybe make some small simple business.
Great reward for investors. How do I become a shareholder?
Big wisdom ears, trustful smile,
Nice one sir, I'm just here to read comments and wonder the height of some people's stupidity
That's nice
Investment is d only way to financial independence and never dependent. Good meeting u here... The Big Bill
Wise advice, from men I respect immensely.
U just need breath for 1 Second and u could pay my debt :)
ineed help im student no one pay for me school fee what should ido to pay my fee
U r great
Some people have been working
I was browzung through you tube and found a engine cald a solnoined engine what's up with that. 
Wonderful
Please i need your advice too
【Words Of Wisdom】

These are the nemeses of our spiritual cultivation:
Worries - they narrow our perspectives;
Resentments - they provoke hostility;
Griefs - they obstruct our advancement;
Anger - it invites enemies.
Any impediment in this world arises because of our own karmic debt.
I know you are a true talented person. You worked hard in your life and you get success in your life. That's why everyone will remember you.
But do you know what is the truth?
If you worked hard in your life and not get success, then nobody will remember you even don't know you.
I can bet on that!
That is completely true, but always look in the mirror and ask yourself – “Do I look like W.B?”. Try not to copy all his investment decisions, although I made good returns on IBM.
Warren does give good advice
Paisa he to billgates 
Nahi tho bilgates
Respect you
