At least Mr and Mrs Gates help others, not chasing some crazy dreams of flying in space. Thank You guys for what you are doing. God Bless You.
.
Respect bro
Aion Chowdhury From Bangladesh
Bill G
Bill godbless for helper poverty country.
yes their are alot of poverty all over the world if everyone can help we we have the technologies but greed is stopping most of the most powerful people in the world...to help the less fortunate...i am not referring to you & your wife help... i am referring to others
Thank for tireless efforts dedicated to helping people who are in urgent help, suffering from extreme poverty and  an inexplicable maginalization.

@BillGates
You are so kind, I respect you a lot
humaniterian
Come to the rescue of many aged and abandoned people in our community in Osun state of Nigeria. If you want to, kindly send to Opakunle Muniru Oyewale bank account number 3056533359, First Bank  Nigeria. God bless you and your household.
Need justice please can you help I was arrested for trespassing were I lived caring for our parents. My sister Toni  Villaverde is a lawyer in Miami she gave false police reports to put me in jail just to days after my dad dies. Sheriff won't help me
Bill how many day exits with so many by day you approximates to death to do to good affair give me 20 million dollars*
Towards destiny of new hope sir
The best criminals are the ones who are actively involved in what looks like "positively changing the world", but are actually silent killers behind it all.
Can i become your son in law
Fulfilling service.
Bill gates please come my city my city Pakistan please please please my whatsapp number 03172011959
No matter the tribulations we go through, there's still hope.
Am admission in this progress
I applaud you and Melinda for your humanitarian compassion. Yes, its imperative that being an active part of such initiative demands that it starts with me.
Couldn’t agree with you more. India needs to be seen from the heart not thru the eyes.
Hi
Please help me

"The children of humanity are each others limbs"
"That shares an origin in their creator"
"When one limb passes its days in pain"
"The other limbs can not remain easy"
"You who feel no pain at the suffering of others"
"It is not fitting you be called human"
Perfectly agreed
I would love for your people to take a look at my family i was once divorced and have terrib54lmj/#n.,bbq,
You saw the best of humanity because its India... Am i right?
Sir Bill
We have money for a wall, but until we help make the world a better place, we're in trouble!
YOUR SUCH A BRILLIANT MAN..REVOLUTIONARY,IMAGINATIVE,RESOURCEFUL AND ABOVE ALL RESPECTED A GREAT DEAL..GOOD ON YOU MR GATES
At ReVealation18:1-{3-4}=Rev13:15-{18}=ThisCalls4Wisdom: LetThe 1Who HasUnderstandingCalculate The# Of TheBeast_4ItIs The #Of AMan_His # Is666_Luke11:49 There4 Also TheWisdom Of God Says IWillSend Them Prophets & Apostles Some Of Whom They Will Kill|Presecute
Sir ji please help me... please sir 9582178728
A great couple....wish you all success in your endeavours...
On term
May God bless you and your family 
sir ever visit our area in pakistan where humanity needs u much
As long as you don't tell the truth about decades-old problems of rampant corruption, crime, waste and wars in these nations I cannot take you seriously. You must make demands of governments to focus on helping their own people. Instead you focus on what others can do. Need both.
https://youtu.be/bJq-TmnUgO8 
May God bless you Mrs bill
Please make the parent and patient voice the lead in your collaboration with Shire to reduce diagnosis time. It would appear that this is just a clever way to collect our data.
He is just awesome <3

Kindly come to the rescue of many aged and abandoned people in our community. They needs urgent care to make their life worthy. You can reach us on+2348033638500 .or send grant in aid through First Bank account number 3056533359. I wish I could help them out.
That's good.hope topics and questions are very educative to you. Call me 233244698950
Melinda ji..itne paise ke baad bhi itni sachai apne bhitar jinda rakhna bahut badi baat hai..pranam.aasha hai Bharat main kam karte itni hindi aap jan gayin hain..some things are beyond languages...your spirit of work is one of them...
Please fund and help the kids of US fight and win to have safe schools. They have no idea what force the NRA can throw at them. But they have focus and guts.

http://soodtechnews.blogspot.in/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-29_20.html?m=1 …
Hay sir..ur compassion love reaches me everyday u r the best rich person ever
Can your foundation help my sister stay abroad to teach? 
https://www.gofundme.com/move-whitney-to-kyushu …
Hi Bill, question - what is Microsoft doing in the way of technological advancement to help developing countries get rid of disease and to help address the worlds poverty dilemma?With the global reach MS has, you guys could be key influencers in helping drive positive change. :)
Is there a cure
Sir you will cheng evriting ani time ani wear you are great parsen in world ples cheng my cuntri human life i am in india uttar pardesh  **name dinesh
Yes. When we encounter the best of humanity in our lives,we are recharged
Good
Can you help pay for two boys dad's cremation

Special  Billionaire glasses sir? Caught your reflection.
I'm curious bill gates ... did get the flu vaccine ?
Hi patron Gates, I which for see you in my country one day.
God bless your generation
God bless the work of your hands and the spirit of humanity in you. We are benefiting a lot in Zimbabwe

Bill and Melinda Gates should be nominated for The Nobel Peace Prize
You are great sir
hello  sir
The individual is not really afraid of poverty of all kind where he could get rid of worries, cares and ordinary duties of life. On the other hand, his great fear, poverty of old age, infirmity and isolation - Poverty which has no name.
Hi! I need to helpe about Education
i can take up challenge to contribute for society
entrepreneurship development is the right answer.
Mas allá de los titulares, Bill y Melinda Gates ven un mundo que está mejorando. @wsosaescudero http://m.iprofesional.com/notas/259691-internet-redes-sociales-bill-gates-microsoft-software-smartphone-predicciones-big-data-15-predicciones-que-Bill-Gates-hizo-en-1999-y-que-se-cumplieron …
Serving humanity is real happiness by heart nothing can give such pleasure.....

We could learn so much about how to better research for cures from pathogens that don’t necessarily cause sickness. But funding for such is a myth.
I am begging for help for my family.
We won the fight for the daughter's life and now we are threatened with homelessness.
Only a miracle can save us.
I am begging you for help with all my heart
Nice
Sir,only rich people like u can spare
their hands to humanity and I would
like to thank u very very very much
for that,
Keep it up,
God bless you :)

Will you be bought?

Money is the worst discovery of human life. But it is the most trusted material to test human nature.

Don’t give your children money. Educate them life skills. So when they grow up, they’ll know the value of things, not just the price.
Thanks for being you
LASTLY, You had design a world of your Own for the LIGHT to live under  Your Satanic & Luciferian world. Well let me design world if you decided to stay In The Darkness. All your wealth will turn into dust & you will have to start All over again in your old world. GOOD LUCK!. 
Nice!
Dear Bill Gates,
Your Masters 33 Luciferian & Satanic masters have been DEFEATED.
Masters 44 Are in Power. 
You will not be allowed to live & work in 2 worlds. If you and Your Family can't LIVE and WORK  for the LIGHT, You & Your Family will not be WELCOMED into THE NEW WORLD.
hello  sir  how  are  you

You can “Gift” Millions, what ever you want, a couple billion if you like:) IRS would love your gift as many of those in our Congress
Praying for you, your precious family and staff!
God bless you
Enabling people to local their food production using energy efficient LED grow lights.  @SolRevolt
I hope you are all well, you are a great philanthropist saved many people.
Bill I have an idea that can stop global warming, world wars, global hungar, and boost all economic growth in 10 years! World wide!
You should travel to north St. Louis County and take a look at all the disease and danger the #WestLakeLandfill inflicts upon our community. You know, that landfill that helps line your pockets? #hypocrite
I just opened this page to get to you because I feel so embarrassed if my friends see tweets I threw
Thank you. We appreciate seeing the good that can be and is being done by you both.
I do not know english, envirenen, wrote, hope, hear, sound, beautiful, inn
I live in Fethiye district in Muğla in Turkey number 0507 981 45 30 My name surname Kaan Ozturk Please Please contact me waiting for help from you
I promise you that I will pay you back this debt when I get married and put my life on the road Please help me I really need your help I'm not a beggar or a cheater
And the girl I love No more power to end because I deserve to be happy I try to reach you here to ask you to lend me back
I am a public officer in my country and I have made a mistake of making hundred thousand Turkish Liras because of the mistakes I made and it is very desperate but I know that there are people in a difficult situation in the world and I know very well the help that you do
Gates from Turkey hi dear to you, I get to do it because I was a member of Twitter could not find a cure for my other choice was to marry the girl I loved staying in the country of 80 million
U are a great humanitarian and philanthropist. Thank you for giving back and not asking for accolades or acknowledgement. #Respect #Microsoft #Windows
Please I need help
Lead by example Billy
Dear Bill (and any other wealthy billionaire who feels the government deserves more of their money), 
Here’s the link for step by step simple instructions on how to give all the money you want to the government. Lead by example pal, we’re all…
Why dont u travel around to ur own inner cities...u know. The ones no one gives a shit about
http://soodtechnews.blogspot.in/2018/02/the-latest-tech-news-29.html?m=1 …
C'est vraiment votre côté humain, qui est mon modèle.


Please combat the NRA.
There's nothing which traduce best of humanity in Africa. That's the reality dear Bill.
hi
What a wonderful life. Thank you for all that you do.
Sir you are great & extraordinary man , he said anytime good thing , every people Expect life
Can you run for president please. You ARE what Trumpf says he is
The eradication of disease and furthering of medical technology should be everyone’s global goal. This relies on education for all, the worlds problems go away when we are all educated! #EducationMatters
Bill Gates: People as wealthy as me "need to pay higher taxes"  CON Say that and it sounds noble. Meantime he only paid what he owed. You’re free to donate any amount you want: But bring back the 10 Commandments and etiquette classes into school and you will solve many problems
While I do not agree politically with everything that B&M Gates believe, that pales in comparison to the deep respect I have for what they are willing to do for mankind. I cannot imagine criticizing them for what they choose to do. Fill the gap if you think they missed something
Right
Can you see this?
BillGates is one among the very few goodwill ambassadors of the modern world, recruited by themselves, driven by a burning passion to do something, to the world of underprivileged. Now that is called ‘noble leadership’ - the highest form and league of its own. Respect#
hi goodluck
Like  . Sub thanh YouTube 
Sir I am having a brilliant plan for Indian transport. Please give me a chance to show it you. Please. 8239069299
Amazing what you do!
There is good everywhere if we look for it. God bless you guys!

So donate your own money to the IRS. Nobody is stopping you. There's a donate button on the IRS website. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/965422955546206208 …
Humanity starts with substitutes approach in HC. We need to put ourselves into shoes of those who are suffering before anything. My life, your life, his life for a better environment
being human is given.
but keeping our humanity is a choice.
Where is the location?
Xnxx
Do the best you can to help as you use to that is why you are made, kept and possisioned by God in our generation.
大成功者ですね＾＾
綺麗なアパートを、提供するなんて、素敵では＾＾
This show the type of people with love,passion and potential to stand by other people's needs.God bless you.
you are both angels from heaven. keep up the good work.
Help this is indonesia today
Kasihan mereka yang sedang belajar @infoBMKG 
Mr. Gates: Inflation Leads To Poverty, Leads To Death and Genocide ... "Give and spend and God will send."   Please Help By Donating at least $5 ... Thanks ...
Thank you very much for your generosity.
I wish every rich people were like u.......so kind and generous
I am also meet to you
Very good wonderful day

Dear bill you a traitor to humanity we know pharma has the cures we know they have the healing patents and healing technolgies and we know they have the food replication technolgies for Africa and third world countries I hope the us marines arrest you and Melinda
grandfather, need to walk, to be healthy .. I have a key for grandfather to see, is it true
Bill, you're just a compassionate humanitarian and this is the kind of people God need for our human society. May the God Almighty continue to bless you as you diligently seek to help humanity.
We are seeing a dream world through you
in Cambodia?
Does watching shokugeki no soma make you feel hungry?
@BillGates Congratulations!! You deserve all my respect
Humble heart
Hi sir, how r u
You're great
https://twitter.com/StephenHaskins2/status/965542267955052544?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E3 … (Bill Gates R U a pan?)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20hVYp6e7As&sns=tw … via @youtube
Help me  diduh913@gmail.com
good day sir,I'm a Nigerian, I need help to register for my exams,please my acct. 2953871019,Bassey iniobong noah,FCMB
thank you very much Sir


you two are so nice^^
* hugs *
J.
Your tireless service to humanity  saves many lives every day...Imagine the impact, globally, if you were the leader of the free world! I beseech you to consider 2020!
Sir please do the social works for the Pakistan like Education and Health..
Thanks for sharing your views...... You are so great and grounded that you feel it.
Hello, how are you
Can you help me plz
I appreciate ur thoughts and work for poverty...Really a great job
how are u  sir
Gn
Thank you Mr. Gates for your extraordinary #service & #generosity to both #America & the #world. Your #foundation has made a real difference in the lives of #millions of #people & we hope you will continue this for many more decades to come!
Thank you sir. It's honour to introduce u a great software engineer master Prabodh musipatla sir who tuk recent in Bengaluru soul trends astral travel workshop to ppl. U cn contct him if u wnt to learn thm frm him.spirituality means u mst choose Indian Sir tat too our software 
