Especially the special kids should be looked into
Just like Jorge, at East Syracuse Minoa Central HS we utilize a system called EWIMS (Early Warning Intervention Monitoring System) from the National HS Center. We have instituted a credit recovery system to our students staying after school from 4:15 - 6:45 voluntarily.
If 50% teachers treat their job seriously, our future generation would be much better.
I here:OPEN NETWORKING :Foundation :deposite:school:fees:
Hi bill 0592317630 im very hunger....
Good mood
OK. This seems a bit hyped. Aguilar has made advanced placement and summer school, two traditional and widespread programs, mandatory with optout. He deserves some credit, but is it really "creative ideas." I was put into advanced placement math in middle school without fanfare.
DAT good idea
Hi, I would like to share a  idea  on a completed permanent solution with small steps that each step will feel like it feel by end of goal,so long term way of now will lead  to a reality feel, and action, when short term situations arrive later on, with no denial of miss goal.
Pls, come up with that idea that will transform school system stop waiting on all this educators that want us to give them What they give us not even a single part of house on idea.
Our*
How are you Mr @BillGates ? My name's hayat, from Jakarta Indonesia. I want to share something to you, how can I to talk with you?
I pray for you...
Please study @Minister_Edu @msisodia model of delivering quality & affordable education to 16 lakh students studying in Delhi Govt. School. Thanks!
Debieron consultar a los usuarios de office para NO eliminar la herramienta Autorresumen, de las últimas versiones. Algunos las necesitamos y ya no aparece la herramienta.
When people are no longer young, they pay special attention to those children.
Creative as in teaching kids being gay-lezbo is okay?!
Gay is not okay.
It's FABULOUS
So are toilets and sewers?!
CARING by delivery TOUCH a hearth the way of aproahing to teach the kid. RAEFAEL Reading Room as tool to educated in the rural.
Ur Extrodinory sir
Hats up to your work
Do your best Mr Bill ...
@UNICEFEducation Complete your Degree (before you talk/reform others Education)
For Better Life
great job, Bill.
Outcome for students  ,  Cittone Institute Cass I  went to in the past. 2 sexiest girls got jobs in the field after graduation, the rest of the class didn't,   GPA score means nothing.  School means crap. You have a sexy ass then it's worth going to school.
please let him visit Nigeria with his ideas.
Hello,sir Gates, if I come to the US then you will find me a good job?
I do not know about student I mostly wonder about myself how to educate me more and more... if is more possible of course....
No way I'll see anything near basic humanity in a person who put stock in private prisons, where woman are routinely traumatised by depriving them of sanitary pads. Banality of evil.
انك سوف تكون رجل العالم المخلد فى زاكرت شعوبه لاهتمامك باهم شريحة فيه وهى شريحة المعلمين 
وفقكك الله
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
Much appreciate to youu
Don't read books, gain knowledge.
Hello sir
Mr. Gates you really should get out of the schools with your money.  You never learned about the HBCU schools and what they meant to families.  There are generations that have no opportunity to attend. #DonatewithoutDemands
To revive the system, I believe all must be done only for the children, personal race responsibility by each race for the whole, flagging corrupt officials, and businesesses having mandatory self-financed assessments(complaints require additional assessments)
Or a Constitutional frequency
Great
As someone who lived in lot of countries, I can say that special education is something that has to be changed. All of the teachers are more concerned to evaluate disability in a student than to teach. Schools are turned into evaluation centers and they should be a field for...
Knowledge. Children are amazing when they work together, even when someone is behind they can help him more than the special education where they are in most cases singled out. Schools are using the spec ed for picking more $. So sad
Listen billgates i am gona destory your Microsoft and you windows series 
Education in Nigeria needs transformation. Good work over there.
I for one support this and I do think these schools in Nigeria and Africa as a  whole really need restructuring.  For instance some wards I discover find it hard to calculate simple maths in theory but if taught  this same maths in practical.  The results  are impressive
Love yOu BillGates(Pakistan)...
Ha try me
Betterment in the world won't be brought by a single man or a group of men. It would only work when people go hand in hand..
sir I have an idea in my mind for every child life
Then you should come to McComb, MS and speak with my brother, Dr. Cederick Ellis about his reimagine approach to learning and how it has helped change the lives of these young children. In 2016Dr. Ellis was 1st runner up for National Superintendent of the Year for his new ideas!
That is Good, God bless you
I need one chance to meet with you, so that I can explain my ideas. Please do that one
Also should develop the village schools.
How will do it.
i have some good ideas
We are really proud that bill grade is rich
All around the Sphere ???
And both my Parents~Lifelong Teachers!!..  They are thankful to you too, Daddy in Heaven:) & Mom with dementia & still the smartest & most loving lady I will know!!...
THANK YOU, Mr. Gates, for this really wonderful & blessed times you spend also helping with this SO important !!!God be with you & bless you in all you do, Amen:)...
Good ...
【Words Of Wisdom】

These are the nemeses of our spiritual cultivation:
Worries - they narrow our perspectives;
Resentments - they provoke hostility;
Griefs - they obstruct our advancement;
Anger - it invites enemies.
Homes school the grubs
Nice sir
Thanks
Yes
Hai
Good 
o mai gard
oooo
Félicitations ! Vous êtes riche d'esprit .
Hi
Please help me

"The children of humanity are each others limbs"
"That shares an origin in their creator"
"When one limb passes its days in pain"
"The other limbs can not remain easy"
"You who feel no pain at the suffering of others"
"It is not fitting you be called human"
Hello
Education is power! @BillGates  I have studied your passion and investment in education and empowerment of rural communities for the emancipation of polio in the word. I mentioned you on page 85 of my book "I didn't even finish my university education"
Gay
DOPE
Its a good job
And stepping stone for corrections in the system

Wish I could also join in this team one day!
“Data can keep you very human as long as you remind yourself that every numerator, every denominator is the face of a child"
Dear Sir, 
Your Philanthropic approaches are highly admirable. Your concern for the HUMANITY, for the WORLD PROBLEMS, for the FUTURE OF whole RACE without any differentiation of cast and creed, BORDERS, COLOUR are INCOMPARABLE. 
THANX A LOT FOR ALL YOUR EFFORT..MAY YOU SUCCEED
Once you’re included, you belong, like each one of us. And because you’re in the squad, you’re part of us. This is Nootra; there are no strangers here. Whether you come from West, East, North, South, Mid or even from space, you belong to Nootra and are a full citizen, like Cap
Will you sponsor me and make me your protégé? I have bright ideas too, and I need someone to believe in me and make them work. Please, help me.
The future of every Generation is Quality Education and it MUST be provide for ALL people in our Society.
Great and Blessed Man I really know that you have touched many lives positively that's why I decided to seek your financial assistance to establish my own business. I want to venture into Agriculture, Fish farming to be precise. Thanks
Can you do the same thing for vietnam education systems :'<
Olá fiquei muito triste da notícia do felecimento de um grande ídolo meu assim como o senhor.... Gostaria de saber sobre os tratados de vocês se o senhor dará continuidade ..obg
Bill plz can you help education of Africa
I'm from Yemen can you help me. Mr Bill Gates
I think brother Bill-gates, working by chance no appointment, no organizing, please going with open mind, world will open 4 us, the future no need very organized but simple and understanding.
Sir your efforts to improve quality education is great service to humanity..
Fresno Unified had chance to hire this guy. Why do we continue to let top notch black and brown people leave our district? Then we complain about our kids reading levels and test scores. Try asking us what we need and stop shoving false truths and bad administrators to our kids.
Bill,can the educational system in Africa be transformed into something good and comprehensive for generations coming can it be flexible
I truly say remove the education system. Firstly implement an technical system
Sir I belong to village All the villagers are farmer but their children have no education facilities for betterment pl help me
I have pitch or better yet a great idea for kids and schools.@BillGates give me a chance to sit and  expain this great idea please
Toi qui a les moyen de ta politic,cree une chaine tv mondiale pour distribuer des cour de soutient toute matiere ,en langues les plus parle's,et surtout offrires des tablettes educatives a energy solaire,quel merveilleux chalenge,savoir pour tous!!!
God bless you, humanitarian
My respect  Bill!
Please can you support me to build houses for poor children family in Sri Lanka? I got a project and my economy is weak. I am so sad for this. I am a Chinese teacher who teaching chinede language in Sri Lanka. Thanks a lot if you can support me！
#takingaction #enablingprogress
Love you BillGates...
Love yOu BillGates(Pakistan)...
You deserve your salutation because you are a very noble and humane business, unlike some big businessmen who care only about profit and do not care about creative people
@billgates you should checkout @CKidsCamps!  They are a year round hands on education company teaching math, science, history and art through building with real tools and wood! #stem pre-K to 12th grade
I love that can u please give a helping hand to the schools in The Gambia for a better change
How about AI written to have deep learning(empathy) and understanding for young students that are programmed to teach those students.
Greetings Sir,I am Adeline Ahmed an upcoming gospel song Artist who wish to sing for you if given me the opportunity,
Bill Gatres, Secretary of Education.   Yup, has a nice ring to it.
Great men world inspiration and my inspiration one and only @BillGates @BillGates @melindagates @melindagates
Its good for children
responsibility
おまえさぁ〜最近調子乗ってね？
I love you so much, you genius inventor
#youcaninspireyoung!
sir an. Idea in my. Mind for every child
This is a very inspiring thing to do. It will make a lot of educators to further their advocacy in providing educationto the less fortunate and the needy as we all do here. 
Education is the part and effective role model in life, even I am planning to go for the better part of the education system
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you

Sir, without inform anyone go and see indian gov school in Sitapur District (Uttar-Pradesh) , India
Sir with due respect I kn you would have how you extend ur helping hand to Africa as well but we need you more most expect ally here in Africa where many live far below poverty level..if you need more insight I could be of help sir bcos I want to see my pple happy once more..tnx
Thx for contribution in education esp to our poor Africans
God should bless u abandantly with whatever u need most
Why do you call them “poor Africans”?
If you are a very rich and famous philanthropist, why do you cheat me who is only a small craftsman, Bill ???
Tell me WHY?????
Bill, please return my money...
Your promise is FAKE 
You are really FAKE person Bill
I wish you could do same to help the educational system in Africa. We really need to restructure our educational system to suit our environment.
So, It's right.
In rural areas of Nigeria,more internet enabled gadgets should be provided to facilitate e-learning for students.This can bridge the gap.
Hi Please help financial my society charity Zaluze 208 37-600 Lubaczow Poland.God Bless You.
Never overburden students. Their areas of interest should be encouraged
Plz keep an eye on my country too. In Pakistan, there is more needy students.
As education is a right of every chid, system should be rebuilt to minimise unnecessary expenses demanded by the Institutions. Education must be affordable in order to increase literacy rate, among those also who are below poverty line.
Need to do about child education it's responsibility of every one to give bright future to them no one come from any very u have to start ur self for ur kids & country
So what happens from here bill
Sir! Come to #Trabzon Turkey. Visit #Sumela Monastery. We'll glad for that.
Have you tried to the African educators too??
Sir visit our school in rural india will come too know about students ... enjoying education.
Beautiful, keep up the good. Help us to extend your work also
Bill Gates sir are your motivation man
You could also do wonders' funding for independent efficiency experts to go out and into these Schools! Independent CPAs to help monitor the books'! This really helped a major california newspaper I had worked with in the past!
Hey bill great fan of you.  I have global solution.  For humans first 
 I have my own your way foundation 0091 9820902408 whatsapp Viber
Schools are based off of capitalism, which is based off of evil. nice try tho...
This is very interesting!
Guns for teachers is being looked at seriously.
I'm hoping I can meet you too... ^_^
You are generous sir. Have a request please take a big pollution awareness program among the students. Save World Save Itself
Thank you thank you!
You should meet with Dr. Ken Montgomery from Design Tech High School.

Mr boss bill please for requirement for stiludients schorship please
