Mandy reminds us of true American values - inclusion, diversity and the American Dream.  #Education

I have posted my link hundreds of times and sent out well over a thousand  emails asking for help. Only to be ignored every time . Yes if you are reading this or ever got my email or saw my link, I am talking to you!!! Do not say you care about humanity and people. SHOW IT!!!!!!!

Good work nice
Ff
D.   Xfdx. X
She made me proud cause I am a teacher.
Thanks Sir.
Beze me
Hii
Congrats
Biggest congratulations ...
good
@BillGates @MandyRheaWrites
What makes you think you have the authority to decide on healthcare, education, is it just your money? You are out of your depth in everything else, but IT. Please do your own job properly, the world is collapsing under Illuminati management, your mission is greater still....
Good work there.
Congratulations Ms Manning and thank you for teaching our children
Congrats Mandy! Hi Bill my cousin J Lambert works w you- tell him I said hello! Chow

Good looking
Congratulations. Doing an important work for her students. 
I hope you do something for her Mr Gates. She deserves a special gift. I also hope you will demand a sense of direction for Nigeria's leadership. It is a shame to have school age children wondering on the streets instead of learning in schools
CONGRATULATIONS
Congratulation
Dear Bill and Mandy, we can't build the future on @Windows that crash daily while simply browsing MS Edge. Please investigate embezzlement by @satyanadella and #firesatyanadella and restore the qualification and professionalism at @Microsoft .
Congratulations
Good this is good job
Congratulations !!!
One who respects themselves, as well as others, is most worthy of respect.
Congrats from me too :)
#congratulations
really these news makes me happy.
Hearty Congratulations.
@BillGates Please employ her to teach our president (Nigeria) he skipped sense. 
It's not just your students that can learn from your work! Inspiring  and well deserved 
Bill Gates is all about #agenda21
Not sufficent. 99.99% of children dont know why they have hair on their heads or body and why their skin is a certain color. This also applies to adults.
Congratulations Mandy, we know the imprint that dedicated teachers leave in scholars minds, most times becomes ice breakers at Reunion's, even Graduations, if you remembered at weddings, then 'you' Special! It's an influential, stressful, rewarding profession like no other. Chow!
i wish you a good day
hello
Hello mr gates iam teacher from iran and my husband is engineer from pakistan we want come to ysa and live there can you help us please.
Congrats
Bill you are amazing!!
Congratulations.. That's amazing! Thank you to you and all Teachers.. 


Great!
Congrats Mandy... 
Congratulations @MandyRheaWrites
Congratulation
Respect and recognition of the work of #teachers is important since they are doing one of the most important jobs: educating our #future.  Well done @MandyRheaWrites and good look for your next year!
great
Cool
Thank you to you and all teachers! You're the ones making a difference in our children's lives.
Yeah sure
Congratulations Mandy!
Thanx
When my funds are transfered?Please transfer today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, please support my project, urgent , my phone : +6287727310455
Congratulations . God bless you.
Congrats Mandy on being chosen as the National Teacher of the year.
-Dr. Bal Laxman, Hyderabad,  India
Yes father. Before how many men play in NY
Nice   sir Bill Gates  how ar you  sir i lose 40 lac rupee in gambling please help me i reqst many people but no one help me
दुनिया की महान हस्ती आपके व्दारा बहुत सारे महान कार्य हो रहे है.हम आपको प्रणाम करते है.जय श्री राम जी.

#-Mam:_,U.. means..Teacher,.is the knowledge% of The Book!....
Mr. Bill, help him with an assault that you suffered in Ecuador on the octopus ship, I would like to ask you if you can help me recover the money you gave me,money that they stole leaving me with nothing, and ignoring my work. Can you?
hh
congratulations by me..
Teachers craft the world, for better or for worse. It seems Mandy has made the world a better place. 
If she’s a Christian like Melinda, hell yeah!
oww what a honor. Congrats!!!
Amazing 

Congratulations ma'am
Congrats Mandy mem
Teacher is a nation maker
Congratulations!

ナルコ   神話   (Naruko)  (Shinwa)  spotify,itunes
Mind blowing..
@BillGates

Heartly congratulations
Congrats Madam

Washington state leading the way in teaching. 
Hope this time you'll finish your degree Mr @BillGates 
Great is the nation that appreciates and encourages education.

My still own .MR JACK last year.  Hope dont pay more.


Hello MR .my so happy go. Working to help.  You need teach my. Hi Teach .  fair to people's.   My want money help.  Is people's need . don't.driver One big bag. Sorry my story.
Hello Sir ....Do u remember @ncbn
Great .....congratulations

https://www.gofundme.com/alices-village 

It was one yr ago when I met a young homeless couple. I didn't know that she was pregnant. 
Read the whole story. 

Please consider helping my family.
Congratulations Mandy, Nothing beats the thrill of hard work.
Congrats
Congratulations WA Teacher Mandy Manning!
I do not want to go to work anymore. I am tired and would like to sleep in the morning. Can you please transfer 1 billion US dollars to me? Thank you!
That’s great you are meeting with her and will be able to listen to her experience as a teacher.
Congratulations
Congratulations Mandy!
@BillGates I wanna get Skype back on track
https://youtu.be/Ks_MIRvmx9E  this is what your Emirati friends are up to...
She must be a liberal
Why did you give Buhari money to fund the killing of peaceful #Biafrans?
You are complicit in #nigeria genocide on #Biafrans
Congratulations
@MandyRheaWrites when you sit down with @BillGates ask him for a billion dollars   and congratulations 
Congrats Mandy! That's amazing!
Congratulations!!
How are you
Great inspiration
