@ayedunoe
I've seen this episode
That wasn't even the point but okay 
Mans must brag
Hi Billgates sir.
I want to start new CBSE SCHOOL in chitradurga karanataka state will u support me in the matter of financial.
Great guest appearance
Um dos meus apelidos é Bill Gates porque sou apaixonado pela informática por computadores o Sistema Windows e toda a Tecnologia da Informação
wow
Bigbilgate theory
wow
Can’t wait to watch it! That’s awesome.
You are a good sport
:)12
we like you as kenyans
Tnx for the impact u have to the world. From Gitte of west Africa Liberia
Tnx for the impact u have to the world , From Gitte all the way from Africa
Hello Bill
hi
Venezuela
just need for investment to develop the platform for e-learning of Microsoft Application specially Microsoft Excel.. need your kind support
you are looking so smart rather then the younger  your mind is more smarter and one things always we do... just deliver and deliver.....
酷
Bhut bdiya
Aladdin Hi
【Luckily, I packed an extra tie!】
successful model
If you had fun, and millions enjoyed seeing more of you. You should continue showing up as a guest on more shows. Enjoyed you also as a guest on Ellen’s show.
Hey bill say "Bazinga" haha lol
A suit? Oh, old ones...
We are Biafra we need referendum from Nigeria government.
Bill Gates
a big family
Great
i liked   this  pictures   of big bang theory.
bazinga
Hola Mr G. Just testing.
Hello sir
Great epi....at first I also thought it was an April Fool's joke.  Happy to see that it wasn't.
Well, when personality like you comes f2f, tie's are more likely to be ruined.
@TheMightyMi
hy
awesome job you done
go bill!!! - Lil B
I want you to erase sun and 
Oll sun
Goodone
Hawking, @BillGates, who's next?
Can I ask you a ?  What dose a very rich person do with all your money after your gone?
Wonderful
I enjoyed your appearance but am sorry to see that you left without taking out a #restrainingorder on Sheldon (or Leonard , for that matter) ...
Nerd alert !
Really Bill........really?
Mr. Gates, you look like a real nerd. So cool.
HOO. YES YOU ARE BLEND WITH THEM!!!
We can tell!
Best serial ever!!
Sheldon is sitting in his spot
Thank you very much I do appreciate alot
Nice
Wow
Whoa. Spoiler alert!
Wow you are a great man 
Have you all noticed Sheldon is still in his spot

Amazed to see you in big bang
Shelton’s got his spot on lockdown

Last night's @bigbangtheory was really a great surprise. 
Looking good
What episode???! 
চাচা এটা কি আপনার ফ্যামেলি
Shelton，love u.
Nice
hello sir
Cool.
Mr. Gates you and Melinda are very beautiful family I'm glad to be part of the global Citizen and Gates Foundation and we finally wheelchair products and accessories or geared up with the manufacturing company and the royalties to come into use our nonprofit org. Given a better.
Buenas tardes sr Gates. Me podría hacer una pequeña a ayuda lo necesito..se lo pido de corazón
I'll be my own"gates" soon! U mentor me.
Don’t u think A1 has gone to far!
If a native could I would inherit land by US gov in trust. And ride wild horses again.
!!   Read A Book - " A Journey To 1000 Heavens " To Have A Rich And Royal Life Through Performing Some White Magical Rituals , Available On All The Top Sites Of The World For Only 2 Dollars , And For Only Rs120 In India    !!
I’ve survived floods, saw Noah build the boat, Turkish? I’ve seen it rain fire from the sky! I fought the Spain in California!
I’m proud of my British heritage!
As the US was killing Indians. The British saved us. I’ve been alive forever it seems.
Native and Polynesian ancestors and white tower dreams. English gave us our names!
It was only still hundred years ago since my family suffered polio!
How can I share my story and profit from it too!
And I pack my moccasins!
hi
@ODMendel

Amazing, it would be even funnier if you were sitting on Sheldon's spot then he says that's my spot.
wow
from instagram far2743
I have an idea..since Amy lab is funded by a Prince Faisal..the story arc of SanFransico and He comes to visit and meet Amy and decides to stay... and Raj needs a New Bestie and now Penny and Raj and Len and Sheldon and the friendship of wit and algerbraic physics etc...#Creatif
I was wondering How they asked you to participate?
Awesome cameo Mr. Gates ... "hey, i know you! ... no, you don't" lol.
Good maind lucki main

My favorite show
Lovely boss
In Oct of 74,  were you in the audience of The Sonny Bono show?

This serial is a super stress buster
Sir i need ur help if u can chat with me in personal
The nerd finally arrives on the @bigbangtheory.  Now @BillGates can teach Sheldon a few fun facts. . *Sheldon complains to Bill regarding windows 10*
It has spread smiles and laughter across d globe & it's incredibly humorous with intelligence! It has always levitated my mood in any situation!
This series shd never end!!#bbt
@simonhelberg @kunalnayyar @MelissaRauch and the whole cast! #chucklorre and @billprady take a bow!
No Stewart??
你们演的特别棒。
يل جمل 
And for sure no one sits on Sheldon's spot.
Sheldone and bill
We are so excited to see you in show.
LEGENDARY !!!!
All that's missing is 
EION MUSK+ STEVE JOBS + BILL GATES , Together ...
And you got " BIG BANG : ALL GROWN UP "/!  
Love ya guys Sheldon ,rocks my socks ! Haha ;-)
Parabéns família linda. Brasil

Good
Nice one sir
Raj finally gets to sit on the coach.

#FolloMeNotLost
You are great
Sir ji please help me... please sir...9582178728
How many retweets for a Job at microsoft
Sheldon on his spot as always
Awww so much love the movie in fact i wish i was in the shot
Wow
Sheldon still sat in his spot 
Now, I get the tie reference #TBBT

Give this man a Hug!
Awesome you've lived a life worth emulating,  a life engraved in eternal gem  stones.. We will adore this life u have lived @BillGates
This is going to be an amazing episode..
You have a gift for comedy, too. Who knew? Loved the episode. #BigBangTheory
Just imagining how Sheldon is going to react 
Extra tie? I got it now 
Sheldon still has his spot
Dear @BillGates
Would you kindly give me some of your #wealth, So that I can make sure my future 
I am#struggling 
Wow!This is amazing.
Sheldon is still sitting in the same spot
Enjoy yourslef buddy, laughter is good therapy for the soul. I like the show too.
I have so much respect for you , Mr. Gates and your wife. You are such good hearted people and humanitarians.
Good job
Is that "I had a lot of fun at" or
"I had lots of fun at" ?
@Grammarly
Nice
JITENDRA KUMAR
God bless all of you
I can't wait to watch this episode.
We also
,,.....,..,.
Yes bill gate try to tweet me ur top ten successes in ur life
great show.
We love u sir
Really taking care of society
very cool!
