Apparently, the hard drive in his head has some severely damaged clusters.
There isn't any poison or toxic crap that Bill Gates isn't willing to pour on the PLANET. GATES is a menace to society.
This is some crazy Frankenstein type sh*t. This is what happens when people have too much power and money.
HOW MANY BANKS IN AMERICA WILL CLOSE AFTER STOCK FRAUD EXTORTION HOMICIDES OF JEFFERSONS?
Hello how are you.? I am writing to you for the reason that I have a business proposal to present you with great value and a very successful level. If you want more information, let me know. He was very grateful for his time and apologizes for the inconvenience.
name -ravi banduji khandare
my bank a/c no 10171050002045 
hdfc bank yavatmal branch maharashtra -pin code 445001 
ifsc code hdfc0001017 
pls help me 50000rs

Hello! We need to develop defense against biological and chemical weapons used by governments. It is severe! We have several cases: the poisoning of Skripal and in Brazil case of contamination using Paracoccidioides brasiliensis @prefeiturabh of civil rights activists!#SXSW
EVERY business should independently finance performance assessments and businesses with the most violations/complaints would require additional assessments which could result in harsher penalties.
Hello
i dont have international bank account plz help me in bitcoins tq
What I'm WorriedAbout TheMost Is  Government(s) Deliberately SpreadingDisease Death=Revealation6:6=The PaleHorse & HisName ThatSatOn HimWasDeath & Hell=Hades Sheol MansGrave4Noe_2Kill W/Sword & Hunger_W/Death_W/TheBeasts Of TheEarth=NRA Asad_WeCan't  BeAfraid
Wowwwww... FAKE FOUNDATION,
BILL please return my money
Bill, Hello. My name is Alexandr. I live in Russia, Novosibirsk. I have no one to turn to for help. $700 000 for you it is a drop in the ocean. My account: recipient SIDOROV ALEXANDR EVGENEVICH, the beneficiary's account 40817810444050298312 SWIFT code SABRRUMMNH1. Thank you








Billionaires made so much money last year they could end extreme poverty seven times http://money.us/2n2fzth#90342b85-d1a9-4a2c-9fdc-3a866c708b6d … @melindagates @billgates @gatesfoundation FAKE PEOPLE DOING FAKE THINGS TO FOOL THE  INNOCENT TO MAKE MORE FAKE MONEY = PSYCHOPATHS >TRY CREATING SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES
ONE BY ONE W/O MAKING ANY MONEY OFF OF THEM. REAL HUMANS
As great as this sounds, unfortunately it won't change where i work,you have hierarchy above hierarchy..simple terms: those in charge on the shop floor who know the workers have no say,those above them who sit in the office doing "charts" make the decisions.
Whats the price for backed beans in tomatoe souce these days?
Thanks for an inspiring discussion @melindagates ! Would be great to connect and meet at SXSW.
What if everyone had sex with everyone then there would be no sexual awkwardness and people would get work done
Why not start with a Trump Tax Break Bonus ? For your loyal Employees
25 million to insure you kill 90% of the population to secure your riches! YOU ARE ALL SO IN DEEP TROUBLE! LOL
if you want to achieve greatness stop asking permission
https://www.gofundme.com/MommasDreamComesTrue …
@BillGates  no words..
#sxsw..stop hunger in Africa
Fear to twit if Bill become as angry !
#여성시대 여성인권과 평등을 핑계삼아 독신,임신거부&기피 하는 것은 권리남용이며 죄악이다. 여성은 출산의무를 유지하는 와중에 사회와 정부에 출산지원,육아지원,직장보장,가사분담 등을 요구해야 한다.
#낚시금지 어느 누구를 막론하고 피싱금지. 본심이 발동해야 양질의 제품이 생산되는 것.  미국대통령들에 unfollowing 하는 이유임. 내가 성심을 보이고 싶어도 그 뒤에 주변폭력을 맊아주지 않아 내가 괴로움 당함. 양해를구하며...
Vital work
A
Worst work situation in Indian health department
Beautiful

Stop afrin genocide###Stop afrin genocideStop afrin genocideStop afrin genocide
Stop afrin genocide
Respected sir & mam,
I want to serve I am an industrial engineer from India. May I have the opportunity to be a part of your organization.
If micromanaging staffs, discrimination,  gender, jealousy and gossiping will cease then workplace will be accommodative and abetter place for everyone!
Melinda, dignity and respect should be at the core of the conversion. Be treated with #dignity in all aspects including being let go. Definition: the state or quality of being worthy of honor or respect. When we die, we all favor being properly buried with dignity.
Like public schools in Arizona?? Good luck
SOUNDS LIKE A PLAN!
Mam i need an immediate job
Look Dear Melinda our family is in debt we owe about 145,500$ help my family to get rid of this debt, I am 48 will soon get married and take care of my sick family, Melinda help my family please. Jalajacob77@gmail.com.   M:009833377323 please help
Workplaces?  Really? I want to know,
what American Billionaires are dong to save this country from TRUMP!
Are you so above the fray that you don't know.  This  IS your President.
Melinda. Please have a seminar very soon in this area. Shellie Gary
The world will always remember your work. Your children are blessed. Shellie Gary
So very sorry that I missed this chat. Shellie Gary
Thanks for the great conversation. I loved the reference of pulling women and POC up behind you for the sake of owning our continued representation in the future
#StopAfrinGenocide #StopAfrinGenocide #StopAfrinGenocide

You're so thoughtful! Bless u dear!
Worst Work situation in INDIAN BANKS

#CPCforBankers
#CPCforBankers
#TheVeilproduct

y.
Ms. Gates I sent a grant request to your foundation consider it a partnership for the future. Please get in touch thank you.
Hi Melinda, we have an unequaled solution for manufacturing education, could really use some help getting it to every community our no-profit resources are small as we are new.
RESPECT each other and constructive accountability
God Jeová bless America,God Jeová bless the world,in God Jeová we trust!
God Jeová bless you all brothers and sisters true believers and all the children of the world,lets go home my dears Holy city and paradise,peace and love forever more here on earth!God bless and Godspeed!
My beloved brother i have i Xbox 360 pidzynvo/davpwolf bugs hackers unbelivers vírus named it ear then on they games audio and i guess some iteractions game/options,now red ring of death,can you help me please?
Not negative Melinda - but I reached out to your foundation a few times & nobody responds.  We are setting up a self supporting Nat'l 24/7 HELPLINE near Stoneman Douglas for kids, teens & adults being bullied/abused. We need a 120 day donor loan of 300k so we can hold fundraiser
@BillGates Eastern Europe has different problems than Africa.Everybody wants to help Africa...
@BillGates And not have to deal with harrassment?
Bill and Melinda are making history -Warren Buffet should nominate his friends for The Nobel Peace Prize
Not a philanthropist
You are an amazing, clear and concise speaker. The perfect combination of intelligence and charm. Blessings to you and your family.

Awesome.
Great discussion, something really needs to be done. Best ideas should to get VC funding and 2% for female founders and 1% for non-white VC are not really reasonable figures.
Hon.Sir, Can You http://Cop.To  Build Self Stable Nat.Villages. Create Youths Employment.
Shorter work hours would be a good start for many.

Ma'am please help me I plead you. I have debt to pay with no job and no other avenues left. And Local lenders have threatened to kill me..   if I don't pay them back..   I'm not a scammer ma'am.. I'm in real distress situation.. 
You can change my future ma'am, if you wise... 
Diversity isn't just a minority issue - it's up to all of us to fix the problem.
The highlight of #sxsw!
Bitcoin kills people?
follow me? I have a lot to add
