How can a man work for the development of the nation when he is sick? You are really a blessing Sir. Peace be unto you
@BillGates
@BillGates
I don't think you mean it to help Nigerians, because if you do, you should support your Human development suggestion with a direct US-model modalities by helping reduce the control of your so-called aids by the government and create a Silicon-Valley kind of demo.
Fine day to you sir. What an opportunity to know you better.
Urgent, when my funds are transfered?, please transfer today to my account : 0585377265, Bank BNI, swift code : bninidja, benefeciary : Duwi Syahlevi, thanks
How about we do that in America especially for the veterans Mr. Gates it’s nice that you’re doing things for other countries but your country needs a lot of help and you don’t really care
Yes that’s true there are many billionaires in America though leaders in Africa are thieves and that’s the problem Africa won’t grow imagine an oil rich and fertilized land Nigeria  is one of the ooorest countries In the world but I’m a Nigerian and I’m not poor.
Please, help contribute to humanity in Nigeria. God bless you.
That’s what they promised us before we vote for them so ask them this question not us!!
all r says u r the international god...so tat i cant c u...correct
Sir please assist I want to build a small shelter for my family am a poor Nigeria civil servant assist. Thank you.

Brilliant
Thank you Sir
Global warming is very dangerous for new generation All world  thought about it
We have the intellectual infrastructure to rewrite our destiny, just like you said, but like a dilapidated 3rd world country, capital is the only obstruction. Tell us how you can mop-up funds for our start-ups if you really care.
Then who will benefits from it?
Our clueless leaders only invest in their pockets and not in our communities. If you give the government aid they'll embezzle all of it
Since @MBuhari came in Power Nigeria Wasn't herself any longer
Oga pls tell him; strong health systems promote strong economic growth.
Don’t give   to Nig Gov      sir. They’re Criminals. Evthing that goes through Nig. govt awkwardly fails becaz once they get to power notin less but to steal. I am FNP and doing my PMHNP certificatn  hoping to use in US and Nig. Ready to educate them about Alzheimer.
Thanks for caring about Nigeria.
For Those Who Care To Know @BillGates Has Only Come To Nigeria To Influence Our Policies In Order To Promote Pharmaceutical Businesses. 

My Question: 
1. If We Need To Invest In Human Capital: Is POLIO Our Major Defect? 
2. If Yes, Show Us The Data Analysis?
3. If No, Then WHY?
Spot on i totally agree with you perfectly
#SupportBiafraReferendum
Please stop vaccinating people
Hey Bill I hope I can meet you someday you are my idol
Why cannot I get a health rebate for purchasing my own treadmill so I can use to walk at least a mile everyday?  Why am I paying higher and higher premiums while avoiding doctors and pills with daily exercise?  see my next tweet continued
You came to a country whose foundation was built on corruption, you were with the wrong president who was the chief negotiator of Bokoharam  and grand patron of Fulani herdsmen both re 2nd and 3rd deadliest terrorist group in the world.A lawless man. Tanks for been sincere to him
U got it right man, u just got it 100%
Alikiba
I pray our insincere govt be sincere for once and heed to your advise. The problem we have in Africa is that we are  ruled by Men who are vision less, incompetent, greedy and lack the will and foresight to  see its people as greatest assets.
Bill gates did you go to Somalia
There was a floppy disk by Sierra and it had a blonde girl go thru an adventure. She was like Snow White and she got eaten by a whale. The tongue climb was the hardest. Do you still have that game?
That's King's Quest IV: The Perils of Rosella.
You can get it on Steam:
http://store.steampowered.com/app/10100/Kings_Quest_Collection/ …
Oh my God thank you so much.  I appreciate your message back.
well said.
Actually!
ગુજરાતી એપી3
That is if and only IF the selfish irresponsible people in government become selfless and responsible to take the steps to breathe life into the "dead" country Nigeria!
Your support for #Nigeria is for your economic reasons.. Nigeria is a cemetery... there's no other way to put it. Divide Nigeria now @POTUS ... #Biafra is the only hope of black man on earth
Absolutely. This is not rocket science, it is achievable. Nigeria needs your truth and credibility. Thank you
Well said. It's about the political will to implement the system
Why don't you focus on you own country's problems like kids that have such mental issues they buy combat guns to kill their classmates.
Thank you so much sir
Henry Bill Gate, please help me to achieved my ambitious to study Bible in theological school
good Talk
Bill, sorry to say that Buhari has made some beneficial changes, but there is a great deal of work yet to be done in Nigeria.    Good governance above all, at all levels, is a must for the country to go forward.
That's true
Very Cool Bill!
Please give me your Azure account so I can continue mining bitcoins I will use the money to help reduce poverty in Nigeria
I really hope they will listen.
I hope all those aspiring for political posts will keep all advice given on the way forward for Nigeria he has practically given you a road map to follow
I trust American's..... He can't give chance for embezzlement
God bless you sir for your insight. Though I can't help but think you explained the solutions of Nigeria's problems to Nigeria's problems
I think that is the best technology that we can present
Thanks for this awesome analysis sir. I can see a bright future and I hope our leaders will see the same thing too because money seems to be the thing only they see now.
@billgates please don't give Nigeria politicians any fund am beginning you sir
I hope Nigeria government take note .
Immunisation?
I doubt if the Nigerian government incurs significant health cost.........their funding for health has declined significantly over d years
Can we in Nigeria borrow you to be our President for just 2yrs...

Please I am on my knees. Nigeria is in a mess!
You cheated my capital, Bill Gates
Why are you lie to me as a craftsman, Bill???
Please answer it !!!!!!
You are FAKE person, Bill Gates
Mr. Gates, though you are apolitical, but we appreciate you for speaking truth to power. If they can take your money, they should be able to take your rebuke.
Encouraging words there even my county Zambia can take a leaf from those powerful words.
If only our leaders truly represents the instrest of the people not there personally instrest has they have been doing for long. Why  don't they seek medical treatment in there country? Nigerian institution is a failure
Please help us in our country. Our president is a fraud
Agree 100th
Great plan @BillGates but it stops at  4. When our government doesn't provide social services but enrich themselves and their unborn generations.
Imunization Yes! But the path to it first, by getting stronger civil society and better democratic processes! #RealFreedom #PowerRisingAfrica #TrueJustice #OngJeunesseActive
We need leaders who have vision, leaders who can see beyong their 5 fingers. Please sir, stop given our "politicians" money.They just take it back to your country to save. Your banks will give u and they will take it back again.Nothing will happen,instead invest in ideas n talent
Our leaders refusal to invest in health and education is deliberate. Their philosophy is "keep large % of d population illiterate and they won't challenge govt policies. Don't invest in health so the population dont have enough sane minds to remove them from power 1/2
Yes but this government don’t want to help the health system or the need of the American people he rather use 700 billion on a wall. While in the mean time people are in deeply need in this country!
His actually referring to Nigeria
You're  correct Mr. Gates, Nigeria/Africa have heard this same advice over and over again, yet the Country/Region remain poor and SICK because the ROOT Cause of African problem has not been identified. Until we tackle the root cause, Africa would continue to be SICK and poor!!!
Right
No doubt, we have failed as a nation in human capital development. But we are not where we used to be. The Nigeria tech ecosystem has tremendously  improved in building great talents.
Sir is not always true,unless our leaders clear back logs
If only the leader will make good use of the resources
Bill Gate is not ready to help Nigeria! He would donate money that will go to the northern part of Nigeria and their leaders will share it among themselves! While the rest of the country will get nothing. North will remain like it is and more money will be funded to them again. Y
Protect your websites,landing pages,blogs,leads and digital content from HACKERS! Our cutting edge 2018 software protects you from even the most determined Russian & N.Korean hackers so you don't loose all your hard-work in seconds.. https://bit.ly/2pARjzO 
Hi
@bukolasaraki @MBuhari @GEJonathan @LaiMohammed_ @benmurraybruce
Thanks for all you and Melinda have done for us in Nigeria 
It’s always a cycle in economics
Thanks Bill for being truthful to Nigeria Government
Very nice
yes it would, we thank you for all the efforts you’ve put in. But honestly much won’t be done if this funds are allocated to the current FG. We need a complete change of mindset in Nigeria before we can develop. Because Nigeria develops but in all the wrong areas
To help achieve this we must have a new generation led government who will rebuild and restructure Nigeria with all sincerity.  The present cannot do it.
I believe you are indeed great but my country won't complete such things as seen on the internet. Sometimes, I can't stand straight and bold to say am Nigerian cos the attribute the leaders display to the world is all fraud
So simple and explanatory!
We need the same thing done in America.
Fascinated with your keywords "strong"and "health systems" the lack of which is the bane of Nigeria's health system.
Better articulation/ delineation and support of the system is required!
They already have strong health system for themselves in London and for their children in Germany. The rest doesn't concern them. They will fault this submission because growth is not their priority but myopic self interest.
Liar
I appreciate what you have achieved and done in your life .concern...Papua  New Guinean.
Dear Mr Gates, have someone watch how this help you give is spent. That person must receive feedback and see proof - with that person's own eyes. And that person must be someone who can be trusted, but should also be checked frequently. Nigeria is great. The leaders, not so much.
Nigeria is great, the leaders not at all.
I appreciate what you have achieved and done in your life ....Papua  New Guinea.
Just  started following you sir.....it's a great honour.. And thank you for visiting my beloved country... NIGERIA
Sorry!he doesn't care about that!he has bigger problems and responsibilities. So keep quiet ma before you upset me with your joblessness.
I leave u for God
Govts over have invested little in human developed who were to engineer serious infrastructure development. But alas, the same people are the patrons of corruption over year. These people cash in on the gullibility of the ignorant masses to impoverish them.
Respek, bro. Respek
This is how a man who thinks properly proffers solutions... Then a governor f a state in Nigeria would say such a man is not saying the truth. The Governor simply showed how empty his skull is. We need to vaccinate his brain i guess
You said the right thing. If we can improve our communities, Nigeria economy will improve.
you are right
Mr Bill pleas I need one hundred thousand Us dollars .please please
Strong educational system will improve all developmental human sectors not only one alone. Support and contribute to the development of education for the developing nations as such to have self dependent and self reliance to become economically viable and healthy nations.
Hlw sir how r u
thank you Sir for saying the bitter truth
And preventing health workers incessant strike.
With government providing a level playing field.
Pls sir, don't give our politicians any money, they will only share it among themselves, Nigeria has all it takes to be one of the top 8 most developed countries in the world, but it's down to this our bad leaders, all they know how to do is embezzle, Gracias
Just seen your message: Research on ALZHEIMERS, i think that is a fantastic idea. There is a need to do research on the causes, effects, treatment and prevention. I teach Research, Public health and Understanding specific needs. When funds is available, i will  participate.
Please I would love to know when you are ready to invest in Nigeria so that I will join you.
Thank you sir
I think that technology is the key to development, instead of giving our politicians money, why not invest the money by developing a few bright minds here in Nigeria who will in turn become the tech back bone of our country.
Wao
what a gr8 IDEA
Politics and Politicians are same everywhere irrespective of cast, creeds or country. 
And the normal people are always the neglected one whose even basic rights of living peacefully are suppressed by so called humanitarian politicians. The most corrupt BREED
Unfortunately we and our leaders don't think about the common good of posterity
I appreciate you good sir I am a Washingtonian it's time to put a candidate in a federal office that money can't buy when things go wrong in Washington state they call Don Rivers.
It is good
Buhari give him back his phone so he'll talk true
Hello sir gates, can I join the movement please?
Pls I need a job sir, I studied Russian language
Look at this my sister, I pity you!Russian language? Better learn to speak clearly with a computer if you ever wanna get a job with that genius.
Start with java!

Really, some says you fault the Nigeria economic recovery plan. Others says it is an advice given to the FGN. A lot of people r confused.
God bless you sir, please help us the youths we are dying in the hands of these old devils
Dreams are always good
What abt well equipped education system that can provoke reasoning and skill development in a community filled with darkness of ignorance and superstition! If they can hav right knowledge they can eventually keep themselves safe!
Thank you For saying the truth
Great!
Let me just comment first, make my village people know say na me and Bill Dey runs things
زبن
Sadly, Nigeria’s governance structure, from local to national, does not prioritise communities. Most social, health and economic ills the country experiences are primarily down to the decimation of communities.
The whole nigerians are watching this your Comment...  You shouldn't have expose us outside like that next time....
Your Governments do all the expositions themselves. You can’t hide the obvious. Playing the ostrich and being in denial are common ailments that will not bring about change. Face reality my friend!
We hope @MBuhari will heed to this advice
MR gates. There's so much corruption in Nigeria. Nothing is ever going to work in our country. We are frustrated . 

The whole system is messed up. Nothing works, Nothing.
Your pessimism is just as scary as the fact you just stated
Your focus is on the northern region and this is because of the situation with the Almajiri. You should understand that this is more of an ideological problem and try tackling it that way as well.
much greeting for your work of human health
People without roads, ports, and factories can’t flourish. And roads, ports, and factories without skilled workers to build and manage them can’t sustain an economy - Bill Gates #ImagineNigeria
Wish you all the best sir
Thank you Bill for coming to Nigeria and speaking the truth to a nitwit president who has taken Nigeria 40yrs back into oblivion.
I couldn't agree more with this tweet
Thank you for telling Nigeria leaders the “undiluted truth” yesterday. We pray and hope it doesn’t fall on deaf ears. You are inspiration to all. God bless
Thank you for telling Nigeria “leaders” the undiluted truth yesterday. We hope it doesn’t fall on deaf ears. We celebrate you sir. You are such a stream of inspiration to young Nigerians. Thank you for visiting.
I've thought extensively on this subject. A populace comprised mostly of uneducated people will elect bad leaders who in turn will erect poor infrastructure for them, the populace, not fully realizing the power they wield over the government, will not protest for accountability.
It's high time they know it's not just about oil and entertainmentThe health sector needs help #ImagineNigeria
Great insight.. if only our leaders would do the right things to get us there
I read that you have spent $1billion in Nigeria. I am Nigerian, Sir. I didn't see the impact because the corrupt people you kept charge of the billion dollar expenditure have schemed it to their accounts and did nothing ... How come despite your investments, Nigeria is worse?
Dear sir
Nice job by nice and God's selected people. I wish you God help you. And you become no.1 again in the world. Remember me in your wi
yes it's true
billcrosoft
make sure it reaches the common man in the community... Nigerian leaders are funny.
As a nurse health promotion is my biggest focus and a healthy individual is a healthy economy #EndNCDs #AKUAlumni
Mr. Gates, developmental endeavours alone will not change the Africa you want to see; a thriving self reliant continent driven by the capabilities & energies of her youthful population. You need to use your influence to attract investments, hitherto held back by stereotypes
I am pleased that Bill & Melinda Gates are focusing their developmental works in Nigerian whilst attempting to influence how our Government can improve the policy environment. May be very soon @AsoRock will get it.
It can't and it won't  happen, cos our executives in power would prefer to go abroad for medical check up, and would live the local ones for the less privileged
Mr. Gates means well but our present structure will again fail this project.
#ImagineNigeria when we #RestructureNigeria
Thank you for your efforts support and determination on health issues
We appreciate your generosity,but dont give any funds to our politicians for any project..It will be embezzled

Thanks for this rapt submission Sir
Thank you Mr Gates ... thanking you for caring about Nigeria than does in our govt...
I hope the leaders are really listening cos people are dying everyday from ill equipped government hospitals.
@aboveabolade you'll do well to know that this is Bill Gates after his visit to Nigeria. PMB hasnt done well abi
My brother carry ya money and go, don't give it to the government. I repeat, Don't give your money to the government
Our local communities are in ruins because our leaders don't believe in empowering the local communities but will rather want to seen as Lords over all
Very true, but the real issue is not in the policy formulation but it's implementation. A lot still needs to be done in connecting communities with the right govt policies and ensuring they benefit adequately. A selfless govt is all that is needed.
I really want to biggest fan of u gates sir
To get the real facts, don't go to Abuja. Sango, Warri, Yauri. Then you'll know what is
Strong health system for fellow Americans will do much better growth.. With do all respect to Nigerian citizens.
Then their kids will discover xbox live and all their wealth will belong to Microsoft
hi blli gates
Insightful exposition on the affairs of Nigeria.
Great  Sir. Amazing Opportunities
Thank you for telling Nigeria Leaders the undiluted truths yesterday. #ImagineNigeria
Thank you for what I could call an "epistle". I hope it won't fall on deaf hear. #BlatantTruth#ImagineNigeria
So where did he say that the blue print of this administration will not solve Nigerians needs
Thank you Professor Bill Gates God bless you
Pity Australia doesn’t know about it yet. Sport Stadiums over Health and Education
If they don't wak all the money.
Great
Thank you Uncle Gates for believing in Nigeria and the world in general
No strong health care for Dalit Indians means, no strong Indian economy.
