THEY WANT TO STEAL YOUR MONEY. SAME LIE SINCE 1999.
Let them fund those they trained and promised to fund their businesses, then we'll see the transparency in this #investinginpoeple
#Fund5000YouWiNconnectwinners
@channelstv @SaharaReporters @FinMinNigeria @HMKemiAdeosun
That's weird how the rich go to other countries to try and help them fix their poor people economics and invest in them, when WE ( minorities) in America can't get a conversation about help with a business startup. 
I'm willing to sit and talk with You.
Pls Wait till 2019 when @MBuhari will leave power, then you can help Nigeria invest in her resources Pls
Dear Sir, please your sense of reasoning is below 0%. Kindly apply for a tutorial for you to pick up.
Thanks it's my Sense Not Yours, Bastard 
Only your mother can tell u who u belong to... omo ale...
Was looking at tents and thought they need to be self cooling and heating.
So weith that in mind.was looking at velcro a thin plastic pannel and two pieces of material creating micro static burst,500 equal 20 degrees,a 360 degree wind directional cone + water ice bucket filters.
I hope this crusade on #investmentinpeople does not end in the pages of the media.
@ProfOsinbajo @HMKemiAdeosun @FinMinNigeria @WorldBankAfrica @BillGates @NGRSenate @channelstv @vanguardngrnews 
#Fund5000YouWiNconnectwinners
Such comment that portrays the government in good light does not suit their preconceived notions .Awon Elenu razor
Hahahahaha....sorry I don't know why I find this funny

Is a lie 0h
We are hungry here 0
Hi
Hi amukelan
I need empowerment in my farming business.
I am so grateful to you ,1. For your great support to the so many in nigeria to eradicate polio, 2. For your statements on the state of the nigerian evonomy knowing that our leaders have no idea as to how to turn the resources of this great nation to the benefit of the masses.
Please do not listen to these politicians  they are criminals the poor Nigerians need your help
Vuhlale
Thanks so much Bill Gate for having us Nigerians in your mind
We appreciate your unwavering commitment to improving lives in Africa and particularly Nigeria. You remain a gift to our generation
Sir why don't u make WINDOWS a free software? 60% of world population using the OS in Computer Is your product and U accumulated that much of wealth standing 1 or 2 in the FORBES magazine. To grab all under 1 OS make it free like JIO Mobile of Ambani group.
He doesn’t owe anyone anything
Please sir if you're coming to help us in Nigeria don't give our leaders any money because they are all thieves. We don't need old fools as leaders anymore. They are the cause of corruption and terrorism in Nigeria. Please be careful
@BillGates, please hand over whatever money you want to give to Nigeria to @ObinnaJohnson9. He will enrich Nigeria via his pocket better.
@BillGates don't ever giv money to any Nigerian politician for any project for the poor Nigerians, U wil regret it, come help us your self
Thank you for believing in our beloved country Nigeria & our great leaders, your effort in making life easy for the good people of world was amazing, more grease to your elbow.
Sir Bill Gates, the Nigerian people have lost ALL confidence in this government, don't bother. It's all propaganda!! They're planning towards rigging elections in 2019
Good work.
Nice post but africa is bad eraa for live
Pls sir, if u want to help Nigerians pls dnt give the money to all these corrupted Leaders of ours. Pls we have bank account, share the money among us the youths, we will send u our account details for the transfer. Thanks Sir
This won't trend because it doesn't suit the narrative of the wailers. Nigeria will be great again
They will never see this kind of tweet.
They shall remain blind forever!
Nigerian Media be forming #StevieWonder to this news...#Kontinu
Stepping in to help governments that have shown leadership, capacity, willingness & courage to bring about a real change in their country/people, is helping a whole course. Thank you for your interest & getting involved.
Great job sir, well done
Hello how can i do. because i want be in stay touch with you. Please texte me to me on e-mail didier289mamadou@gmail.com
@BillGates  Sir, please Do something for our Bangladeshi people, they are so poor but inelegant. You can invest on them.
Thanks @BillGates . I just hope the leaders can effect the change you have initiated. #HopefulHeart
Your my role model
@BillGates  and @ProfOsinbajo  dis people u are discussing with are d real problem of Nigeria... D man knew man of God, get into power forget where him came from... Old fools dat care about themselves and familys, don't fucking give a damn what happens to d poor In Street
Thanks Mr. Gates. How I wish this clown will listen and invest in building the capacity of the commong Nigerian
Nigeria is a zoo
Prof doesn't know anything about economy HE Atiku Abubakar  knows  better all prof knows is how to accuse and tell lies
HELLO GOOD DAY SIR 
PLS HELP ME
smiles
The youths are the future of Nigeria and we need help. If you're going to help us... Please... I'm crying.. please.... Don't do it through our government.
To truly help reduce poverty in Nigeria. Invest in an individuals. Because if Diezani Alison-Madueke can diver of $6 billion (N1.2 trillion) from  the Nigerian treasury and She has been charged with responsibility for $20  billion missing that was just one woman among others.
Trillions of Dollars and all kind of currency had been invested in Nigeria and the more new investment that came in play the higher the youth constantly driven out of their home in search greener pasture that was already in Nigeria and taking home for individual leader's family.
Pls don’t give money to our leaders ooooooo we der beg niiiiii
My posb and dbs abnk account is 209-25756-4 and thank you very much and i invest in you USD 1000 trillion and thank you very much.
Even you can believe what you just wrote
Why aren't the masses involved in these meetings sometimes...Most often the center isn't fully aware of the actual problems facing the people
It's not saying these word's that matters. 
It's implementing it. We pray it happens soon.
Sir  gate thanks for your concern but you should know that the Nigerian problem is our leaders mostly the head of the nation if it's about giving Nigeria fund to build the nation we kindly appreciate you to find a better country with a responsible leader for that thank you  sir
Just thinking why you are grateful, when Herdsmen are killing everyday...
Nice to see
Be rest assured sir that these people have not listened to anything you said..  Your advice will fall on deaf ears  and any financial or moral assistance you offer will have no impact in respect to investment in OR developing the people. They don't care about us!
Good To Bill Gates Good Luck
Your critique to my President has endeared you to me. It takes a lot of character. Thank you.
Uncle Bill pls don't give them any money all in the name of building a brighter future for Nigerians.Pls I've a better idea collect all Nigerians account Number & share the money to our various account becos if u give it to these old men who call themselves govt dey will eat it
To be candid, withdraw if you can. We don't trust our Government.
@BillGates please invest directly on citizens not through our Government, they will consume your hard earned money or you take it to some other country with a more responsible government.
@BillGates @ProfOsinbajo, I feel we the commoners are the real Nigerians, we can only give accurate statistics of things. Don't improve our lives through our Government, check around how far they have invested your previous commitments. Your money is precious.
These wicked men don't care a bit about Nigeria. They are only doing this because election is next year. After election, everything remain the same or even worse. Nigeria need a savior but not this crop of leaders.
Bill gate greetings! Abeg help your girl with something na
You “ROCK” BG.
i want to be like that one day so help me GOD
So, is Xbox finally coming to Nigeria?
Why should it only Nigerian and other countries???but i have never heard of Cameron
God bless the work of your hands sir. I stand by @BillGates . Invest in human capital,it has a high stake in our future and generation to come. #humancapital4Nigerians
A summit? Bill Gates should ask fake Pastor Fake Professor Osinbajo to account for the billions of naira, dollars, and lack of impact of his so called social intervention fund. @MBuhari @ProfOsinbajo have failed, corruptly
Thanks Bill, for letting them know !!!
any economic policies in Nigeria will only hold if corruption is evicted.
Committees to siphon monies meant for the public. Let's see the end result. 2019 is near. We have throw out these lots
Yes they should
Sorry to intercept,  Nigeria lost the lower of thrive since @MBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo took office
Hello I want your help
Wrong company, and destiny assassins,you (gates)planned with..
$1b would have given at least 500 Nigerians job if used for my waste management company plan. 
God's plan pls
There is so much waste in Nigeria and I want to use them.
Perfect timing for this.
looks like a St.Patrick's day back drop
Its my pleasure to see you discuss national issues with the Nigeria Government on economy growth and  infrastructural development. The people of Nigeria are so happy for your openness concerning the issues. God bless you sir for your service to humanity.
@BillGates it was good you came to Nigeria and gave a candid assessment of her economic plans. I hope the government would listen and take corrections instead of fighting objective criticism
Please tell Nigeria leaders to start OGONI cleanup as directed by united nations
Giant strides by FG & @BillGates all youths in Nigeria  have long anticipated.
Hmmm. 
Thanks God for restoration, for rebuilding our ruined countries, with you God on our side we will never be desolate
Sir good marnig sir u my help me I r big boos
I'm degree bcom
Ca completed help me sir give me once more chance to.  job sir
My family poor family sir I'm study bcom ca(bachelor s of commerce and commuter application ) obtained mark:857/1500 I'm hobby s news paper reading and books readings
Hello sir plzzz help me meri maa ko cencar hai or rupye bhut pareshani hai ap kuch help kar dijiye sir plzzz help me ye mera no hai sir9161277466
Baba,no dey whine these guys...dem no Sabi anything

Lol...It's true na,it's like pouring water inside basket
Infinite Currency by Unanimous Consent. It’s how to make a 99-cent dollar blossom into eternal wealth of a nation. “Wealth of the World” by Ewan Lillicii
very true
Nice you came to Nigeria,  nice you spoke with prof.  Osinbanjo. But issues are will your advice be put into use? We know our leaders here,  instead of taking your advice,  they will criticize you...
Bill Gates you are on point
Thank you sir.
Its a welcome idea and very good initiatives to improve life
Nice one Mr Bill @BillGates
I wish you came to the Niger-Del region to see how the crude from there is enriching the Nation & we are literally the end of the food chain. We practically don't have any Federal presence in Rivers State & the Ogoni cleanup promised by FG is a huge scam. You met the wrong ppl
My german shepard wishes Nigeria more progress than the VP of Nigeria, we appreciate your visit. Stay awesome.
U made a big mistake for investing in a corrupted state like Nigeria, I wish u did that in other African countries. It would have been better. We are governed by criminals and looters, pray so that ur invested money is not shared
All talk and no implementation....
Make 2019 reach first...
Your speech made a lot of sense. But Oga, last time I checked, speeches didn't put food on the table of the poor pregnant woman in my neighborhood.
...and by the way, didn't you realize that you were discussing the future of Nigeria with the actual problems of Nigeria?
It is important to invest energy and cash on the people in Senegal. A great country with real development opportunities. Micro...finance out of corrupted eyes. M Gates 3, you are already a hero.
Thanks for visiting our wonderful country, we would love to see u more often. @BillGates
You're welcome sir
I wish the govt heed to this idea, act positively and executes it, I think this is the secret behind the success developed countries.
Your Advise to the actual problems  of Nigerians(D leaders)  is like pouring water on a rock. Nothing will ever be done.  And  is use to it; but come 2019 #ourmumudondo
My husband & I saw you & Linda’s picture at the DC Portrait Gallery today. What a beautiful & inspiring couple. God bless you @ your mission on this earth!
Nice I wish today I am came your stage I am like for you I have alot of poor people he can't afford education that's why I told you we need a one school
I pray they listen!
Great Mr Gates love ur affections 4 d black race
As you said in your visits to Nigeria here ,we sincerely need you more than what you see sir,no health care ,security, bad Education and no employment for the youths the fact that we have many good resources among the youths ,which our Country don't care about.
Our able Vice President. He has always represented us well.
you clearly understood the problem with Nigeria, what is happening at the govt level is a reflection of what happens at the individual level, nobody wants to  invest in building human capacity, I will apply your advice personally within my own sphere of influence
Are you a president
Thank you Mr Bill for coming and for your frankness in calling a spade a spade but it is rather so unfortunate that our leaders  have deaf ears because as soon as you leave,  none of those things you suggested will be implemented.
It's all fake. Meetings keep coming & Nothing 'Good' is happening.
Don't be deceived by @ProfOsibanjo and others...
ام
Note: this is Nigeria, foreign aids (which in fact is tax payers money in rich countries) here ends up in the pockets of rich people who go about telling the world how much they have done well when in fact life on a daily bases becomes unbearable for the poor.
Thanks for coming Mr Bill Gates, moreso for not garnishing the truth and massaging their ego!
I can't stop praying for Nigeria and sometimes weeps for my beloved country Nigeria,, "we Nigerians never bargain for what's going on so sad
Mr Bill Gate thanks,Nigeria is not poor ,that's why we produced the richest man in African, what we lack in Nigeria is discipline.
@BillGates @ProfOsinbajo
I wish you stayed a little while longer here in Nigeria, @BillGates. What you saw is just the picture carefully painted for you!
Mr Bill that man behind you is one our problem
It usually ends in discussion. Talk, talk, and talk! Seat, seat and sit! Eat sitting allwe.That's where it ALL ends wth Nigeria politicians.
@BillGates you should know most of these so called leaders in Nigeria are crooks who are pretending to be leaders. They only care about themselves and family without any regard or empathy to the suffering masses.
God bless you Sir
@BillGates I wish you could dwel in Nigeria for 1 mth. You'd realize that d Nigeria these rogues are building is one in which only d ruling elite can thrive while d ruled are trampled under feet, d poor get poorer & dye of starvation @ProfOsinbajo @Segunmimiko MyHeart bleeds 49ja
PEOPLE: The Most Invaluable Asset To Humanity. You just never know what Treasure each person embodies, until you embrace and nurture them in 
the best possible, enabling and trusting environment that you are obligated to create. GOD Bless Mr. & Mrs. Gates.
Thanks to the Gate foundation for your intervention in Africa esp Nigeria. #humancapitaldev is the key.
My sincere gratitude to u sir #Bill_Gates 4 visiting my dear country,but the problem of this nation is our elites.
Investment in people that drives well on paper and their speeches, it's never practical. The next time you call again the poverty level will be doubled.
Bros bill we still no go vote em
Sir you are my god , sir I am in 10 the class , I want to work in smartphone company and design smartphone which subject I take ( maths or commerce)
Well, Nigeria is really a blessed country, the we only need to b truthful to ourselves, Thanks Bill, I hope to see a greater Nigeria, God bless Nigeria, God Bless America, God bless Bill, God Bless me, and I wish to study programming more at Microsoft, but no financial strength
@BillGates 
https://www.gofundme.com/BREAKtheArtist 
GREAT
Always good to have forward thinking men like you talk up our nation. We need the nigerian youth to rise and be counted amongst their peers in countries that work.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=427843834332760&id=189225884861224 … you need to ck this out for people without housing ICON is the company they are making a difference ,but you Bill can make this not just in one country .. ck it out please.
Mr Bill Gates I like what you said about the investment into people.Some companies and countries do not understand when you invest in people first everything else will fall into place.
Greetings Sir,wish to work with you so throught you i will be like her because i know what i can do.just need ur help,need a vibrant,smart, good looking,honest,and passionate young lady like me.that is ever willing to work. Please try me.
Un@jjojv
Nhỏ k
I am proud of you Bill.  Thank you for Giving Back to Nigeria.  I do hope our government will listen and invest more in education and health, as well as block all holes and channels of corruption.  Thank you Bill.
Good idear
My mentor
Great you have you... Hope you had a good stay?
I read your entire speech and I must say that you've really done your homework. Thanks for offering help.
Nigeria economy is just a write up note which is leasing us to poverty
I wish Uganda cd get this opportunity.
I think it is time for us to live independently off the government & come with strategies to help people thrive. Leaving our economy in the hands of people who don't care about its citizens is bizarre
بيل ماذا يحدث أن قمت بإعطائي مليون دولار أعتقد بأن هذا المبلغ زهيد بالنسبة لثروتك العظيمة أم أنك بخيل أنا بأنتظارك
I hope they will invest in Nigeria with the money you donated
I request Mr. Bill Gates and every Christian. Please study true Islam at least once. 

Clear you heads and focus on the trurh.

I heard very much Bill Gates like to read books then why not yoy spend few hours in reading, Holly Quran and Islam.

Thank you!
Greatness is in the eye of the viewer...and It is you who is really very beautiful. Have a very beautiful heart who keeps thinking about the Whole WORLD.
Best Wishes 
Thanks for taking of the people, you will be always remembered much respect @Bill.
Bill Gates visit Show Nigerian were our leaders drive
People that matters 
Sir I want an advice from you about starting any business which can b started on less investment without any loss. Sir I'll be really very helpful.
Committees committees committees since 1960
Great idea I think collection public province and judge
Thanks Bill for choosing Nigeria for your laudable initiative and effort to revamp the Nigerian economy. We the CHILDREN are most grateful
Who is looking for happiness? .. !.!
WhatsApp: 00967711374849
