Please understand this healthcare is bad for everyone!  Care about the people you promised to represent not your party!
Vote no on the trumpcare
All the latest GOP proposals are just covers to kill the ACA slowly, since Trump/McConnell can't find a way to butcher it fast. Vote NO!
You are bought by COC & continuing trough of BIG state Medicaid funding, Rob. YOU are one reason NO more money to GOP 'til swamp is cleared.
Fraud.
Not one of these people telling you to vote NO will ever vote for you in any election Portman ..you are done with Trump voters in Ohio
#McConnellCare definitely does NOT meet your stated goals, @senrobportman.  Please #voteNO. Opioid crisis needs strong Medicaid.
The GOP bill cuts Medicaid dramatically & will result in the most vulnerable of Ohioans receiving less care.  Pls have hearings!
We need a real healthcare plan for this to happen. Not a bill that disguises major tax cuts for the wealthy as "healthcare"
This bill does not have major tax cuts for the wealthy
Then you plan to vote no?  Please! We are counting on you to save our healthcare
Will you vote a cowardly yes or vote an honorable no because this bill won't achieve your goal above? Donors or constituents?
I have multiple pre-existing conditions due 2 side effects of treatments 4 leukemia. Kill This Bill - Not Us!!! #Ohio #PreExistingConditions
Protect all Ohioans Vote No
Sir,
No to BCRA.
The opioid bribe does not offset the damage to medicare. And you know it.
DO THE RIGHT THING. 
#OhioOverGOP
Senator Portman, this "plan" does not meet your stated goals.  You must vote NO, and you owe your constituents an answer BEFORE you vote!
Bye bye Portman!!!
Senator, if this is your goal, you can't possibly vote to repeal the ACA. Stand up and vote NO! You represent Ohio!
Protecting the most vulnerable not even addressed by this "plan".  Creating expensive, high risk pools & slashing Medicaid protects no one.
The "plan" provides fewer covered services, places those most in need in expensive, high risk pools. No shared risks, discriminatory pricing
Vote NO for sorry bill. Your constituents & your country are counting on you. Nobody is asking you to vote yes Read the replies and Vote No!
so you voted to be exempt from the "beautiful" healthcare plan that your party has planned for the rest of us schmucks. really?!?!
How could u say "protect most vulnerable" & not be against bill: 22M loosing coverage, 207,500 will die,$700M Medicaid cut, tax cut 2 top 1%
You said you were for repealing Obamacare and got elected. Now you are a fraud. LIAR
This bill does not meet those objectives.
Then please vote no on Trump care and focus on improving the ACA to help all Ohioans
Providing access simply means you can see a doctor/specialist if you can afford it.  It does not guarantee access for all.
Stand for what's right, like Sen Collins!  Don't cave from presidential dinners or pressure from Kentucky's senator.  Just say NO!
The exact opposite is accomplished by BCRA The lies being told are unethical & hurtful 2 millions counting on protection Stand up & say no.
Vote no.
Please don't ignore CBO, insurance companies, AMA, hospital groups, patient groups, AARP, voters, GOP governors.
You won't see another vote from me. You now are as bad as Sherrod Brown. Can't wait to vote you OUT.
So you are voting no? Only way to do what you say is your goal.
I'm republican and if you go with the rest of these clowns say goodbye to your seat. If you are so selfish to kill my familu then youre gone
How will you do that? I haven't heard a single idea from you yet. BTW, don't waste your time reading bill; staff attorney should do it
You are not representing us the way WE demand ! Start planning for unemployment!
Thank you for looking at this critically.  Please vote no.
Your full of it Rob!!!
Quit taking "campaign funds"from insurance companies and maybe then we'll believe you want what is best for Ohio.
You are such a liar and I will NOT vote for you come the next election!!  You promised to repeal Obama Care no matter what!
Still waiting to hear you are a solid HELL NO on this- before the bill is dead this time
But the cost goes up for people that need it most!
Repeal is not the answer. Please fix it. Your constituents aren't stupid. It's not in a death spiral, Rs r killing it! For tax cuts!
Ask people in your district what we've been doing to redesign the delivery system. We've put our heart:souls into it & r making progress.
Say no NOW! Be the Man that stands up for seniors and underprivileged. Work for a better healthcare plan, not a stopgap.
Then we all agree! To reach these goals you must vote NO ON BCRA. @CbusIndivisible
We expect you to vote against the healthcare plan presented. Ohio is watching as to how you vote to protect us.
But Mitch wants to kick off millions of Americans. That's. Not. Good.
#savemedicaid #voteno #donoharm
If that's your goal you are about to fail miserably unless you vote no.
You too Rob.....
Senator, there is a big big difference between "access" & actual coverage.  I have "access" to a new $3m Bugatti , but I cannot pay for it.
Trumpcare does none of those things, so I'm guessing you are voting No.
But please not at the cost middle class or poor
VOTE NO! This bill stinks like putrid garbage!
obviously the sham bill offers stripped-down (crappy) care to the young/healthy while pricing out the most needy VOTE NO!!
you see the reactions stated here to latest version of senate healthcare bill. Vote this bill NO. Do what is right for Ohio.
Can you just work across the aisle to fix the parts of ACA that aren't working! Country over Party! We are watching.
Single payer then.
This tweet is completely incompatible with a yes vote. And yet...
so that must mean you're not only a strong NO on BCRA, you are also actively working to persuade your colleagues to VOTE NO
We STOP ALL $GOING 2 PALESTINIANS TERRORIST USE IT 4 OUR HEALTH CARE!
If that's true, then your efforts would be better spent improving existing ACA, and voting "NO" on whatever travesty the Senate put forward.
Funny the GOP bill raises the cost of coverage, limits any access to quality care, hurts Ohio's most vulnerable and will cost you your job
Didn't you and 12 other wealthy white men write this bill?  Vote postponed and you're suddenly critical - explain at a town hall please!!
So, you'll oppose anything that deprives Americans of healthcare??
This bill will exclude thousands of Ohioans. Please vote no. There are other solutions.
Robert Portman do what was promised: Repeal Obamacare! THEN replace. Stop playing with tweaking Obamacare. Dems will have to help then.
If you really believe this, you have to vote NO on the Senate healthcare bill or you will prove to Ohio that you have lied to them again.
So vote NO on terrible GOP bill which dumps millions off insurance and decreases addiction services! #SaveOurCare
Then fix Obamacare. We are willing to fight for you if you fight for us. If you don't fight for us, don't expect us to just roll over.
Please vote No! This bill is completely unpopular with your constituents! You dont owe Trump anything. You owe us!!Vote NO
This bill does not accomplish those goals. Access to Medicaid is crucial to fighting the opioid crisis. Please vote no. #killthebill
Please remember that BCRA doesn't deliver on any of these goals.
This bill will NOT do that.  Vote No
I don't believe you...and while opioid crisis is heart wrenching WHAT ABOUT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS??? #willyoukillmeforataxbreak
When will you take a stand and say yes or no?  What you want is not part of this bill. Say no already
Then leave ACA in place.  What do you dislike about Obamacare?  The "Obama" part.  Show some courage.
Have you read the letter from the insurance companies panning #brca.Stop being partisan.Legislate properly: hearings,discussion compromise.
This bill does not protect the most vulnerable in Ohio, so you must #KillTheBill
Senator Portman, 396,300 people will lose Medicaid in OH

More than 40% of medicaid population is kids, but less than 20% of cost! #goodinvestment  #ourfuture #speaknowforkids
Like kids??? #speaknowforkids #bestcareforkids
Don't forget protections for those with pre-existing conditions please.
Then vote NOOOOO#!!!!!!
Except the @GOP #HealthcareBill doesn't do any of that/
So, you're supporting a single-payer system?
so you're voting no
With John McCain out of commission, your vote is even more crucial.  Please stand up for Ohio and vote NO.
Then you'll vote no, right? 'Access' isn't the same as a right! Do you believe in the right of healthcare for Americans, or are beholden? 
You should ensure that Congress has to use whatever plan is passed. If it's good enough for us, the it should be good enough for you!
Great! So Vote NO on the pending bill! Our Portage Cty agencies fighting Opioids will be hit hard!
Vote no, don't use the opioid crisis as an excuse to hurt others. This bill is worse than ACA and you know it.
In that case, please vote "no" on this bill. Cruz's plan sets up a 2-tiered system that will undermine everything.
#killthebill
You have 3 objectives to your goal. Maybe tackling them one at a time will be most effective. Let's protect the most vulnerable, vote no!
if that's the case  then don't vote or endorse this bill.
Cancer, heart disease, diabetes all much bigger issues for Ohio #Portman-TrumpCare won't help. #individualmandate #FixACA
Thank God, for a minute there I thought you were a yes...
"Access" to care doesn't mean squat if it's outside of financial reach for most. #VoteNo #ProtectOurCare
Vote NO please
We need a payment we can afford. We need Medicare. Our insurance payment is more than our house payment. We are 60 and cannot afford it
"Access" = higher premium for gutted coverage. The Senate bill targets the elderly, poor, & disabled. If you don't want it, why should we?
You are not helping the opiod crisis in Ohio if you vote for horrible, terrible, no good, Trumpcare.
Then vote no on #HealthcareBill
The opioid crisis is a Medicaid Crisis. AG Sessions is going after the fradulant doctors.
So you are onboard with keeping the ACA and shoring up the weak parts? Good to know!
So that means you're going to vote no on the bill. Otherwise it's a goal not met
So does that mean you will vote no on the current bill this week?
What would you do if any one of these were your children and you couldnt afford their care?
These are the kids who will suffer if you vote yes. https://www.facebook.com/cnn/videos/10157056851281509/ …
So....again, that's a no on Trumpcare?
Vote for the bill, & I'll start the process the next day to run for your Senate seat.
Just a heads up, folks.
Rob Iscariot:What will you give me to betray my ppl?
High priest McConnell: 30 pieces of anti opioid silver.
& Rob voted against His Ohioans
I am going to hold you to this statement Senator. I look forward to your NO vote. Sincerely, a voting constituent.
It is clear you cannot mean this and also vote for the health care bill currently under consideration in the Senate. No #BCRA No #AHCA
Then your vote is clearly a NO. Thank you Senator!
Then vote against this lousy bill.
Don't sell your vote to Mike Pence - tantamount to selling your soul to the Devil
You might wanna read this
Trumpcare doesn't do that. Vote NO!
Ole spineless Rob will vote based on who lines his pockets! Don't let the false pretenses that he cares about anyone but himself fool you!
The *quality care* & *protect the most vulnerable* are tripping you up, right? What have the Russians promised you, Rob?
Please to point out where exactly this draft accomplishes those goals.
Junk insurance is cheap. But does it cover? No! Those Medicaid cuts are a killer. Find your moral compass and vote NO!
I do hope.this means you.will vote no on this bad bill
Thank you. Improvements to the ACA are what are needed and not its repeal. And ccertainly not the latest bill by GOP leaders.
Then vote no for the latest senate health care bill!
TBH Donald Trump won't make it another Term save yourself the trouble later and vote no or were voting no to you :)
Please vote No the people of Ohio don't want this bill passes !
So you are voting no?
@senrobportman Then vote NO for this disaster of a bill. Work across the aisle to improve the #ACA #repairnotrepeal
Don't sell us out
So you will #VoteNoBCRA & will work in a bipartisan manner to #SaveMedicaid & #fixtheACA because #WWJD?
Why would you vote for a healthcare plan that aarp, doctors, hospitals, insurance companies, etc cannot support?
Then VOTE NO on senate bill and work to fix ACA and make healthcare BETTER for Ohioans and all Americans!
Then vote NO, and fix the ACA.
We already have a bill in place.
If @GOP worked on it for the past 7 years, think how far ahead we'd be? #sad
No to Trumpcare. It doesn't lower premiumns, provide access or protect the most vulnerable. You know it. And we all know it.
You tweet the same tired lines again & again. If you vote yes on #BCRA you betray your constituents & we will not forget in 5 years. 44224.
Sorry your precious little opioid attics are at risk!  What about those with real diseases who will be hurt?
No. The most vulnerable rely on medicare medicaid. You are cutting that and charging women higher premiums.
Americans deserve PUBLIC HEARINGS on our health care coverage. We need better health care coverage! Vote NO!
We're counting on you, Senator. Please don't lose sight of your goal. Vote NO until a truly humane plan is drafted.
Don't forget your constituents with disabilities!
You're headed in the wrong direction... just improve ACA, and call it something else if needed to keep the base happy.
Your words do not match your actions.
Then you must vote NO! Medicaid costs can come down while improving outcomes. See ACO and PCMH models in Ohio. Listen to experts who oppose
Lower the cost to what? Provide access how? Who do you feel are the most vulnerable? Your statement is VERY vague!
Protecting the vulnerable means protecting Medicaid expansion for addicted, poor, disabled, pregnant, children, veterans and elderly #resign
How is defunding Medicaid protecting the most vulnerable in Ohio??? #VoteNoBCRA
Actually your goal is to please your overlords that fill your coffers with cash to do their bidding..but sure I guess that to
"protect the most vulnerable in our society." - So this means you are voting NO on the disaster of a Senate Bill?
So you're a solid no on the current #Trumpcare bill then? Need confirmation please.
#VoteNo #VoteNoBCRA
A yes vote on this bill..is a vote against Ohioans..plain and simple.
I am a constituent, disabled
Medicaid recipient. I think my life and yours = same value before God. Pulling Medicaid away = loss of home.
Opiods are major issue. But pls do not overlook those who are/can become vulnerable w/other health issues. Demand pre-exist conds as in ACA.
So when will we hear you say you are voting no?  Or have you been bought off again?
Then you must vote NO. It has to be better, not worse.
*the most vulnerable being the wealthy for whom Portman is diligently working to get tax breaks
Pretty sure that's code for cutting funding for pph to "prevent abortion."
Ignoring that access to quality care must include quality care from abortion providers if we actually want US women to be healthy.
Then help fix the ACA. Get us single payer and stop doing things like confirming Betsy DeVos. Who can forget that?
To reach that goal work with the ACA as a base, and make it work better. Repeal will be catastrophic for our country.
This does none of those things, vote no! It slows the increase of costs, not lowers costs and makes even more people vulnerable.
Access does not mean affordable.  Really tired of the word games
Then we can count you as a NO on #Worse Care !  Thank you for doing the right thing for Americans!!
Vote no on the BCRA and work with Dems to fix the problems with the ACA. Listen to those who you are supposed to represent.
Then DO NOT vote for the repeal!
then why haven't we heard a commitment that you will VOTE NO?
@senrobportman that sounds great! Does that mean you will guarantee everyone has healthcare coverage & not just access to it?
Access does nothing if it can't be afforded.
If you want to keep your job, you had better vote NO on this horrendous piece of legislation , #trumpcare
None of those goals will be achieved if you vote for the current Senate healthcare bill.
Then that would mean voting no on this bill. You will not be protecting the most vulnerable otherwise
This current bill: "unworkable in any form". #BCRA #Ohio #opioidcrisis
Why don't we vote No on #Trumpcare and do whats needed to fix and improve #Obamacare so everyone can have quality care.
Vote NO! Be a leader propose a better compromise health care bill. Don’t punish people with pre existing conditions!
GOP bill doesn't lower costs nor provide / access to quality care, these are just talking points any politician mutters. The bill is a sham!
If it's such a great healthcare plan for your voters, then you and your family should have to use it too.
Trumpcare will NOT accomplish what you say you want. VOTE NO ON THIS BILL if you want to keep your job.
The bill being offered up does the exact opposite of that. Can we count on you to vote no?
Most vulnerable is going to be those that are dependant on medications to live. YOU CAN'T VOTE FOR A BILL THAT WILL IMPLEMENT CAPS ON CARE.
Pls don't vote for bill.AMA, AHA, AARP, 80 med orgs, rural health clinics, and now insurers say it will cause people to be denied priced out
Excellent!!! We're in agreement-when can we expect your bill for single payer to be submitted?
Which this bill certainly doesn't do.  Fight for a bipartisan solution. You know this bill will decimate Ohio. Our rep. gov says as much
Shame on you.
Then work on a bipartisan plan to do just that. Don't let a partisan plan that can't even withstand the full scrutiny of the CBO proceed.
The 40% of Ohio's children who rely on Medicaid for their healthcare coverage are among the most vulnerable in our society.
The 59% of Ohio's nursing home patients, who rely on Medicaid to cover their extended care, are among the most vulnerable in our society.
Insurers warn-the Cruz amendment is “unworkable in any form and would undermine protections for those with pre-existing medical conditions."
Insurers warn-the Cruz amendment wd "increase premiums and lead to widespread terminations of coverage" for people in the individual market.
In an apparent effort to obscure its true effect, Senator McConnell will reportedly not even allow the CBO to evaluate the Cruz amendment.
You and other Senate Republicans clearly know that the bare-bones policies allowed by the Cruz amendment are inadequate.
Otherwise, you wouldn't have exempted yourselves, by inserting a provision requiring that your own personal plans cover essential benefits.
