we need to focus on our homeless and our veterans before we worry about bringing more problems to America #homeless#veterans
he's talking about ILLEGAL immigrants,there's a difference
those are good old days before terrorists
trump is a fake president

not at all. I know trump won't be @POTUS very long
wouldn't count on that...he seems to have a winning streak and protesters helping him to 8 years
yeah right. he violated the constitution at least 3 times already. this government will fall very soon
where were you when Obama violated the constitution. ??Maybe tea party wasn't all bad?????
Obama never violated the constitution moron
Jimmy Carter banned Iranians in 1979-80 ....  WE ARE AT WAR WITH AN ENEMY THAT DOES NOT HAVE A UNIFORM
Yu've been always CREATING WARS to exist like israel. Read yur History (indians)
Since decades, with Arabs
I know my history very well - we´ll always defend - you destroyed Middle East since 500 AD & will no more
Europe destructed Nothing
Since WW1 yu impose yurselves in Europe wars !
Stay on INDIANS Land with Trump
It was the Europeans who came to America... you don´t know your histroy,  just propaganda - typical!
They discovered America ...sold it to immigrants  &came back to Europe
Bye ...getting élections Here
then we need to act like it
you should support your president not critize him  without him u would have Clinton. Show respect
Why do you think we have lost so many.
thank you Senator Portman for standing up for what is good and right. I hope you do the same on Tuesday re:Devos
We do not welcome terrorist. This is what @POTUS is protecting us from. Why are you fighting this?
And he is full of Shit! Tell those refugees from WWII about how inviting we were. #AmericaFirst #USAStrong
YOU can't paint everyone & every instance/situation w/ the same brush= low I.Q./lack of common sense
Trump is abating America
 RT @CNN: .@senrobportman: "America has always been a welcoming home for refugees and immigrants" #CNNSOTU http://snpy.tv/2jj3e4p 
that was before ISIS we're beheading innocent people!  It's different now!
ya but times have changed and safeguards need to be in place now than later when it's to late
ok, what part of Irish, Italians, Jews, Germans,Scots, etc didn't blow up your aunt and uncles in Th street
except in 2011 when Obama banned Muslims from entering the country.
Be firm on this! We intend to make sure you do the right thing in this turbulent time
This is fascism at its finest!
Trump is learning as he goes, but at least he has the right idea of protection & Am 1st


Tepid but @robportman thinks @realdonaldtrump executive order wasn't properly vetted #muslimban @CNN @senrobportman @CNNPolitics how ironic!
Senator Portman. Feel better after you appearance. There are @GOP lawmakers not drinking all the kool aid
I guess when one of them radical mf's does something bad to one of ur family mem then it's time to act hmm!
thank you Sen Portman! Hold strong against this hateful policy
Yeah refugees & immigrants seeking freedom - NOT TO BLOW UP PPL.
It only took Rob Portman a week before he began undermining our President.  He is a disgrace.
That's why country is in such a mess.
this makes you chuckle, sen Portman? R u serving lunch at an Ohio airport today? #NoBanNoWall #WhyWeMarch
Another opinion.  Not fact. Johnson-Reed act.
so I guess the whole Chinese Exclusion Act just didn't happen then. #gobacktohistoryclass
but not terrorists
This is NOT funny, Senator. Multi-year residents of the US were sent back on planes to other countries. Imagine if that happened to you.
America let this happen! Now y'all wanna outcry! #impeachment
This is not 1960 . We can't trust everyone !   WAKE UP !
use & throw policy is taught by money
can you imagine going to the airport , flying in, and then being DENIED entry ?!
Wrong. Us had little immigration 1776- 1840    and  very little  from 1924- 1966......
then act like it!
Can you imagine if Christian refugees showed up in a Muslim nation and started gang-raping and murdering?
Thank you Senator for finally speaking up. But u must go further. Please denounce Trump's order now.
not always you need to check past actions of democratic presidents
Mr. Portman, you have to get busy on Monday and fight for all of our constitutional rights, not just talk
Rob Portman supports the #MuslimBan
When it was a peaceful way to help but now Obama let in radical terrorists that are killing Americans
True between 1860 and 1920 when there weren't radical terrorists trying to bring harm to the America.
And back then we wouldn't let people in if they sneezed or coughed.
no... no it has not. At all.
proud to have Senator Portman represent us in Ohio
except those times when Dems put bans on immigrants
you'll still stand behind this facist @realdonaldtrump
yes legally and as long as American citizens are safe..
Get real Sen Portman - your not welcoming today!
Another libtard meltdown
But these aren't the same days as before, times have changed and so must we.
it is time it stops. The people have had enough of paying for these immigrants and the fallouts.
people who wanted to live as Americans and by our laws,these people want to bring sharia law
WELL DONE TRUMP.
EUROPE IS UNDER THREAT FROM MUSLIMS, DO YOU WANT THAT FOR AMERICA.
Ohio is watching.
Clear the spit out of your mouth.
would you welcome babysitter in your home with no references? Don't think so #fakenews
This is fake news! America still welcomes immigrants and refugees. Only invaders and terrorists are blocked
And alway will be. Come right on in the FRONT door. LEGALLY!
Including Trump's mother and wife.
no more people america is all full. We have no jobs. When they come they get $3k plus to live on.I get $600
but not yerrorists. When u out figure out who is who, they are welcome.
he lied there. I've been to many countries and USA isn't most welcoming to immigrants. #Resist.
do your job and stop Trump #theamericannightmare #notmypresident
@CNNSOTU You just keep parading left wing nuts out preaching open borders.  Try opening your house to terrorists then.
. hey clinton national news not anymore and who cares other then the left
they were also never a threat as they are now.
the Indians welcomed us
coming over the right legal way why does everyone forget that
@brdispatch @senrobportman @CNNPolitics his about u take care of Americans first! Then worry about the world!
historically that's not really true.  We have always screened who came in
Legal ones who make a commitment and have obligations in return. Not just people that cut in line for free
Not true! Look at our history. We continue to repeat it!
this was before we are being attacked here in America
I never knew that.  Oh wait this is #CNN it must be #FakeNews
Our country gas become older but not wiser, I can't believe we still have all this hate.

don't see what the problem is it's a lawful ban on a few countries full of terrorists
but when ISIS says they gonna use them to get into our country and kill us now is time to stop them
Seems Rob Portman doesn't know what Roosevelt did in the 1940s.  #CNNSOTU
(not always) but it will continue to be, just with with new rules?
typical non realization of the risks that we've not seen before. Ask the Israelis freely admit Hamas
Know your history.Your caption is a lie.Ask the Jews in the 40's if they were welcome!Feared as spies.
Senator Portman grows a pair!
FAKE NEWS IS A GREAT MONDAY MORNING QUARTERBACK WAKEUP AMERICA MAGA LET 1 TERROR ATTACK HAPPEN 2 A LIBERAL
Don't really want to welcome those who want to rape my mother and behead my father.
Deport Trumpf to his Mother Russia. 
@realDonaldTrump
The problem existing procedure allows terrorists to infiltrate the United States !
take them in your home
let immigrants come to the US the vetted way like my brother-in-law and my grandparents. Security first!
except for the crimes and heists they commit against taxpayers
when its done in the appropriate manner.
thats the problem!! Time to lock the doors
bullshit
@DeRayDavis @senrobportman @CNNPolitics help the people get out of detention then he laughs because it's funny right 
please be a voice of reason. Stop this president!
IT STILL IS. It's also okay to vet those coming into this country!
yes. To those who wanted to join the melting pot. Not to those who we are fighting a war against. Duh
America at the crossroad: either a beacon of safety and freedom for the oppressed or Germany 1930s reborn
Not really good at tap dancing are ya, Portman ?
THATS OUR PROBLEM
;@FoxNews 
Not for those who may be clandestine terrorists. Get real, Senator. Look at Europe. Not here.
@DeRayDavis @senrobportman what utter nonsense is this?? America has always been one of the most hostile countries towards immigrants
well, not anymore with our new racist "prez"
as long as they are legal.
Yes but not terrorists have you forgotten Boston 9/11 and all the other attacks already.
no more handouts to these folks! let them pay their own way!
not any more it seems
This isn't America more.  Hasn't been since 1/20/17. After many years, it may never be America again.
What took years to build, is being shattered in a matter of weeks.
Refugees? You mean, terrorists posing as refugees.
countries around the world should start banking the US from traveling for having a racist president
its a diff world now when terrorists from other countries are coming here killing people. Should we let that continue?
Well that's what has been wrong with assholes in the drivers seat. Going to take time to clean up the mess
never without restrictions
WRONG! Obama took in Muslims and kept out the persecuted Christians being murdered by the Muslims.
No Longer.  We are taking our country back.  Your either with us or will be out of office
it still is. Just safer now!!! #refugeesneedvetting #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Except when Obama banned Iraqi's in 2011 and rolled back 20 year Cuban refugee order right before leaving..
all Republicans are accountable for Trump's actions.
“Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.”lest we forget Mr Trump!
CNN Fake news portman should be ashamed to be on CNN
the USA has often prevented immigration, Assimilation is key, we have a Muslim beachhead in Wisconsin.
Well, that needs to change. Look at Australia and Spain. No proof of financial security - stay away.
It is about time we started looking out for America. Protect us from evil.
Not always. Check your facts. Bans have been effect before when our safety has been in question.
that was before terrorists hijacked their religion and started targeting us
We will not be over run by immigrants like so many other countries have been Give us jobs,homes,food
but should America continue to accept refugees even when it became a serious security traits.
109 ??????  Reading Facebook and Twitter I thought it must have been in the tens of thousands?????
Except for WW2 when America did not let German or Japanese to Immigrate under Pres. Roosevelt a Liberal.
stand up for what's right or be voted out!  Stop deflecting on the past!
We are all immigrants Shouldn't everyone in the USA be deported and the lands handed back to Indians?
You should ask Angela Merkel how well that worked for Germany. Contemptible News Network!
Bullshit! Roosevelt stopped them cold and even interned tens of thousand of immigrants and even citizens!
Save for rat Leftists & CNN, Wars & Terrorism usually cause people with common sense to wake the F up!
That Trump cut Obama's expanded refugee program from 70 to 50,000 is modest considering ISIS threat!
Obama administration made a lot mess and this action must be done.
not true
Many times N our history we have limited immigration of attackers. Also, they must yern "to be free."
it's a different time and the world is full of Terrorist
Not so much anymore
