He takes $ from the drug companies that cause the opioid/painkiller crisis, then he profits again from the sale of narcan to "save" them.
Portman makes the money, and his judges protect him from us putting him in jail for it.
You sold our privacy and now you want to appoint someone that sides on big business to grow money for you.
Rob Portman's a Republican puppet who cares about no one but himself. Pharmaceutical industry & CIA are the biggest opiod dealers, fix that!
Is the same Dark Money paying for Gorsuch ad campaign paying you to say this? Come out of your hidey hole and face your constituents.
You don't know what he understands.  But really, you do.  Why the deceit?
thoughts on @MerrickGarland_ ?
No probe, NO robe!  Before the man appoints someone to the supreme court for life?  How about we figure out if he works for Putin?
#StepUp @senrobportman #DoYourJob & demand #DonaldTrump disclose his tax returns! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Shouldn't we figure out first -"what in the hell is going on"? Need legitimate president to nominate a justice, not a Russian puppet.
Corporations are not people.  Do you understand that?
An investigation of @realDonaldTrump must occur before you appoint anyone he recommends! How about his tax returns? #StepUp
Shame on you. You and your party refuse to play by the rules and then act like you are the victims.
Rob Portman you need to vote no on Gorsuch
Senator, you just supported a law that will allow discrimination against women. Do not preach about holy legislation. You lost me  today.
If Trump resigns as it has been rumoured he is considering tonight does his nomination automatically fall?
he does not stand for us.  Like you he is bought and paid for by corporations. You are so sad.
Bullshit
Come on Rob, he rewrites laws as he sees fit. What if your special needs child had limited education because of him?
Support him then?
Our #SoCalledPresident does not deserve a SCOTUS pick.  #traitor #russia #partyovercountry #wrongsideofhistory #LetSallySpeak #RESIST
I don't know how you keep a straight face after what you all did to Garland. No SCOTUS appt for this admin. Putin puppets.
Presidents under FBI investigation shouldn't get SCOTUS votes. NO Gorsuch vote!!
There should be no vote until we get to the bottom of #Trumprussia  and hear from Michael Flynn
Oh how "honorable" and "noble" you sound now. Where was that civility when Garland was nominated? You lost your credibility on this one.
Do you understand the rule of a legislator? Not to make inane statements, but make effective laws.
That's great but @realDonaldTrump should not be able to nominate until this #Russia situation is done
Cant you see that you are losing support, or are you just getting sick of it and you don't want to be a Sen anymore?
Do you understand leadership is bipartisan?  Do you understand leadership?
Curious to know what your son thinks of all this mess.
hey #$51000man I see you are towing again ... good rob way to be a good boy... sit rob, rollover rob ... good rob   trumps Whitehouse dog
Clearly Gorsuch is not capable of interpreting and applying laws as written. @SenateGOP can't be so ignorant to approve him anyway
Not until end of the Russia investigation.If Dems team was accused of the same, Rs would not confirm nominees (be honest).
Remember this Ohio. Vote Portman out. He doesn't stand for the values of his constituents. He also ran a very dishonest crooked campaign.
Can you be 100% sure he has America's best interest at heart and not Russia's? Like Gen. Flynn?
As long as it benefits big business right rob?
You're a pathetic excuse of an elected official and I'm anxiously awaiting your next election. <3
NO Probe, NO Robe!!!!
it is clear that most of the last 20 or so responses are from people that do not understand how and why the SC exists.
#gorsuch record says something totally different.
Nope.
How do you know that? His opinions don't indicate that and he was non responsive at hearings
NO! NO CONFIRMATION OF A CORPORATE SHILL WHO UNDERMINES HARD WORKING PEOPLE LIKE UR CONSTITUENTS! @OHDems @OhioRepublicans
Rob took $89,000 from the Telecom Industry.  He sold out Ohioans for $89k  That's all our privacy is worth to Rob. #DontReElectRobPortman
Then why was he the rule that the Frozen Trucker should die rather than leave a company asset? How is that justice? @OHDems
Great Senator, let Pence re-nominate him when he takes over.
This is a stolen seat from Garland. I have no respect for GOP anymore.
Garland did not understand that? You can't answer since you never talked to him or gave him a hearing.  Reject Gorsuch! Hypocrite!
No!
I'm still waiting for Garlands hearing. You're a sad excuse for a senator.
Respectfully, your tweets generate negligible interest. Pl consider you aren't representing the interests of The People.
I'm sorry, but I don't believe our founding fathers thought that big corporations were people too. Vote NO!
illegitimate nominee from an illegitimate president
New day - same lies & hypocritical rhetoric. #FilibusterGorsuch #DarkMoney  #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussia #VotePortmanOut
With respect, Senator, no judge should be appointed under a President and admin who are being investig. for federal crimes & you know that
Do you understand the role of Senators?
You would sellout your mother to corporations. You have zero credibility.
Puhleeez. Gorsuch is a right-wing judicial activist. You just happen to agree with his brand of activism.
Annnnnnnnnd @senrobportman is ALWAYS Party over People. There's that.  
Go nuclear
Wait did u guys already do the Garland hearing?  Did I miss something?  Oh yeah
Sen.Portman, pls consider this is a nom made by POTUS under investigation. Let's wait till tht is concl. If Clinton were, sure you'd agree.
NO! Gorsuch backed by Philip Anschutz, conservative billionaire of Koch "Dark Money" network #NoGorsuch
Senator. Can you please help me. Seriously. What does it mean to "legislate" from the bench? I've heard people say this but need help
Since you keep posting how wonderful he is, I wonder just how much is Gorsuch paying you?
Wow, get off of Gorsuch's nuts. How about representing your constituents instead of whichever company pays you the most.
Not while there is an investigation into POTUS ties to Russia. #DenyGorsuch
...until re-written...by a co-equal Legislature. Pretty good system if people would let it work as planned.
Send #Gorsuch home. He was a compromise pick & @SenateDems clearly aren't interested in compromising. Give conservatives Judge Bill Pryor!
I respectfully disagree. His confirmation needs to be delayed until after the FBI investigation into Trump's ties to Russia is concluded.
But he doesn't!  He adds his bias and it ends with discrimination against certain Americans. Not what we need in a Supreme Court Justice!
Apply the law as written: Obama followed law & nominated Garland. @SenateGOP decided to not obey and look other way. How dare you do this?
So did Merrick Garland. And he was nominated by a president who wasn't under investigation.
You confirmed Betsy Devos - your judgement is no longer valid (nor needed) for anything regarding my country.
This is the same #Gorsuch that was hand picked by #PresidentBannon who ran the racist hate site @BreitbartNews.
The role of the supreme court goes far beyond applying law as it's written, it goes to interpreting law and deciding if it's constitutional.
Merrick Garland does as well. Did you ask him?
Gorsuch is beholden to corporate interests and will not look out for people. #DenyGorsuch
How do you think he compared to Garland?
He knows his roll was to get Trump elected as a Republican POTUS. This appointment alone has made Trump possible.
No. No. No. first figure out what's going on with the Senate Intelligence Committee. Then vote on Gorsuch.
