Thank you. Great step in the right direction!  Love will prevail. <3 Now go tell your boss. #LoveTrumpsHate
@JoshMandelOhio 
Hey Josh, this is how to win an election, by inclusion not exclusion, by love not hate #LoveTrumpsHate
You might want to remind @SteveKingIA about that Mr. Portman.
I appreciate what you're doing. Thank you for not towing the party line. Now, can you convince some of your colleagues?
GOP become party of David Duke and Richard Spencer, and you stand in solidarity with GOP. Stop problem at root, Stop GOP
Your platitudes are lipservice. Supporting the implicit and explicit bias of the admin belies your empty hollow words
will you stand with them against ill conceived travel bans?
unfortunately, he has said that he supports the second travel ban 
Thank you for being explicit about this, sir.
no you don't. Until you call out the president on his Muslim ban, your words mean nothing.
the travel ban is a policy formulated out of fear of Muslims & there is no evidence it will keep Americans safe = unAmerican
please keep that solidarity in mind when @JoshMandelOhio lashes out and spreads hateful Islamaphobic rhetoric! Thank you!
How do you feel about our treasurer @JoshMandelOhio and the anti Muslim propoganda he's been spewing lately? #fearmonger
how about mandatory genetic testing to get insurance at regular price? Who will the Republicans sell that information to?
"Standing in solidarity" is a matter of actions, not just words. Have you condemned the travel bans?
yet you support Muslim ban. Hmmm...
thank you for reaching out to our Muslim neighbors. Please hold a town hall meeting in Butler County.
actions and your votes speak louder than your empty words! Ohio is watching you!!
Yet, you will not impeach someone who is discriminating against them.  Words & deeds must match!
Except when they aren't looking you support deportations and taking away their healthcare. DO YOUR JOB. #trumpClownShow
Thank you.  Now, can you also convince your fellow Senators to condemn hateful threats and attacks?
Are you against the Islamic ban?  It's easy to put out talking points but your voting record isn't consistent w that
But it also appears you won't call out our President. Is it uncomfortable sitting on the fence?
every tax payer in Ohio knows that you stand against them.
what about the non-religious? In my #ohio community they frown on it and made my daughter cry. #separationofchurchandstate
how about the attacks on our health?We need single payer universal health care. It's bankrupting the middle class.Do U care?
Supporting free preventive checkups would reduce healthcare costs up to 50% long term..
Well that certainly would help however some people are beyond preventative care and need acute or tertiary care.
Not suppose to stand on your prayer rug.
Your Republican Trump has started all this with his campaign to ban Muslins
Great step forward, Senator Portman.
Solidarity in the sense that you will fight Trump’s racist Muslim ban in every way possible?
very nice of you sir! Thanks for the welcome address we received from your office at the Naturalization ceremony.
it's clear that this isn't how the majority of your party feels. 

Maybe it's time to become an independent?
Thank you, Senator. Now will you stand up to the anti-Muslim rhetoric in the Trump administration?
We must also stand against white supremacy & those that speak of or for white supremacists.
how about the traqvel ban????
so... glad to know you're finally denouncing @POTUS. Aren't you?
We have a great Muslim community in my ohio town.
yet you're okay with that cirrhotic fuck Steve Bannon whispering in the impressionable ears of @POTUS?!?
I glad you stand on the right side and not against brown people like are president ...... love not hate
NOW!! IS the time to replace you. #TermLimits #FERs retirement By definition #islam is #hateful #attacks and threatens @WCPO
Support your President
thank you
Condemnation is #notenough. #startsatthetop #standuptothebully #DonTheCon #hatecrimepresident #listentoUS #REALTownHallNOW
But you're ok with a Muslim ban?
Perhaps u could discuss w/ #DonTheCon, #hatecrimepresident. Much like opioid addiction #preventioniskey. #standuptothebully
.@senrobportman What is your opinion on sanctuary cities such as Cincinnati? Do you support them?
Then why haven't you said one word condemning the words and actions of Donald Trump? That would be standing against bigotry!!
That's a solid sentiment, @senrobportman.
Please. Speak out against Trump bans!!!
I appreciate this. I know it's a photo op but still the right thing to do and those folks needed it. Ill still watch ur votes
Why dont you stand in solidarity w/ your constituents? We've been asking you to stand w/ us at a #REALTownHallNOW. #repUSALL
You DO realize that the Attorney General you support is an avowed racist, don't you?
be a leader and not a blind follower! Stand up to #45 about this. If you do nothing, you are just as guilty. #sad
You stand for $$$$$. Nothing else.
Yeah, waiting for the headline about the GOP senator standing up to the bigots infesting in the White House. Get on it.
YOUR PREZ HAS ENACTED A RACIST TRAVEL BAN. Either stand up to it or stop tweeting sweet nothings
@All100Senators standing with & standing up for - two different things. Your voting record shows your true beliefs...
good man. Publically condemning this violence is so important!
.@senrobportman Start voting like you mean it. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
Until you call for Bannon's removal and get Trump to denounce these incidents,this is simply  pointless political theater.
Thank you
votes matter Rob. #rubberstampRob
Please also speak out against prejudiced policies like the travel ban.
You stand with Trump.  YOu voted for DeVos. SEssions PRuitt and a foreign agent sitting in on security briefings.
Why doesn't the GOP do so?
How about you have town hall to talk about this and hear others input rather than tweeting about this
@All100Senators You vote against them and then pay lip service on Twitter.
Until you march in lockstep with a man who orders travel bans.
They are already here. All caps does not make a reasonable point.
Do you know how long the vetting process takes? Any idea how difficult it is? Quite thorough. Better than your fear.
You have neither, and you are not my friend.
