It is not only Washington, the state is just as bad.
you should be very concerned about the destructive health care bill your party jammed through that will punish Ohioans
Is Washington targeting the wrong regulations? They seem to hate the ones that keep us safe!
WILL YOU CUT THAT OUT?? That's just a talking point. Tell us what regs you have a problem with and why.
Not frustrated at regulations,  but at a bunch of old white men voting to take away health care! Shame on you RepubliCONS!
Health care is not a right. Get a job and earn it.
2022 can't come quick enough....YOU are OUT!!!!! #youcanstartlookingforanewJOB!!
Otherwise you're just another Repub who hates the environment and worker protections.
What if the word " regulations" were really protections? That is what they are...
I'm frustrated you're representing us. Taking away healthcare from Ohioans is a shameful act.
Regulation aren't proactive they are there because some biz already ruined it for the rest. Just like all the laws that govern people.
Im frustrated Portman is in office.  Corrupt politician!
Maybe if you held a town hall you could actually find out exactly what frustrates your constituents, instead of making assumptions
Which ones do you think need removed?
As a public school teacher, I am more than annoyed with charter school scammers profiting from tax $ that should support public school kids.
If you're @robportman you're a career politician who is afraid to do anything that requires having a backbone BC it might lose him his job
Worker safety and the environment are more important than $$&.
https://twitter.com/JohnKasich/status/861381824525762567 …
Guess the Gov thinks differently
Looking to start a new business? There’s no better place than Ohio. https://twitter.com/ohiojfs/status/859448660857434113 …
Oh, snap.
You know what is really upseting that you refuse to do a town hall with your own state
He's a coward.
Let's fix Grand Lake! #glsm #infastructue #privatesector
If you are an Ohioan you are probably frustrated that @senrobportman puts party before people. I know I am.
I like clean air, water and parks.  Wish you cared.
I would love to make the leap and take my #SmallBiz to the next level in #Ohio but republicans are working to remove that as an option.
Not me. I'm interested in safety, fairness, standards, guidelines. You're not?
Whats holding back higher wages?  #LivingWage @OHDems  
@OH3Voters
They are not regulations. They're vitally needed protections.
The small business owners I see in your replies say otherwise. Stop the misdirection.
Name a few specific regulations and the issues instead of being generic
Ooo, let me answer for him: <crickets>. he's got nothing to say to our concerns but he's talkative on basketball & his vacation plans!
...and turkey hunting.
I'm also pretty frustrated about the federal and state regulations you support that deal with my reproductive system

If you’re an #Ohioian in #Ohio, you're probably frustrated that #senrobportman isn't holding town halls. I know I am.
Not nearly as worried as I am that I will lose the ability to receive medical care while I'm fighting against an incurable cancer.
If you are an Ohioan you are probably frustrated that your elected officials are supporting a grifter and squatter in the WH. I know I am.
What regulations are specifically holding you back, Rob?
If you are an Ohioan you are probably frustrated that Rob Portman isn't doing his job. I know I am.
If you are talking about regulations that protect the future of the only planet we have, then #NO respect the #earth or #resign
@senrobportman, name one! Just spoke w your Cols office Fri, which swore you weren't anti-reg. This tweet sure sounds like you are! #Sad
You've been a Senator for 6 years, and in government for over 20 years. Washington holding us back is entirely on your shoulders.
If you're a human in Ohio, you're probably worried Republicans will remove regulations that keep our water, land & air from being poisoned.
What specific regulations?  And how do we fix them?
Hold a townhall
#OhPlease 
If government supplied health insurance it would lift a huge burden off the backs of business owners.
Like what? I mean honestly... it's a convenient scapegoat but it seems most of us don't even know which regulations you are referencing.
You realize that small business protections are regulations too, right? Be specific and call one out, then pose a solution. #detailsmatter
I’m a small business ownwer and my biggest frustration is that the U.S. doesn’t provide health care for all it’s citizens.
Your staff keeps re-running this RAA, constituents keep asking the same questions, questions not answered.  What's gained?  Hashtag points?
Gee, from the replies thus far I'd say you're wrong. But it looks like ppl want a town hall and don't want bought & paid for politicians.
No, I'm a small business owner, and I would not say that.
Let's talk about it at your next town hall. IF YOU'LL HAVE ONE! #ChickenRob #TownHall
Town Hall, both of you need to have one.  @RepDaveJoyce
Which regulation is holding you back from a town hall? .@OhioDistrict3 #REALTOWNHALLNOW .@NoOrangeForMe
I'm particularly frustated with your constant BS!
Frustrated that you apparently don't read any of these replies. Constituents have been begging for a town hall, not vague tweets.
We are also frustrated with YOU.
I am a small biz owner and I can't think of 1 regulation holding me back. If I can't do biz right, I shouldn't be in biz!
I'll confess I'm a bit frustrated with the EPA regs I pay to file to say I'm still not capable of breaking, but big companies get to ignore.
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHERE THERE ARE NO WOMEN ON THE COMMITTEE DISCUSSING THE AHCA???  WE DO EXIST, YOU KNOW, AND WE ARE AFFECTED THE MOST.
You are such a man of the people. Aren't you supposed to be working on taking away health care from your constituents (including #smallbiz?)
If you're a #constituent in #Ohio, you're probably frustrated that no #GOP reps in DC seem the least bit interested in you. I know I am.
Nope, not really. I am frustrated by your lack of constituent engagement though.
Senator, you dumb ass, YOU ARE WASHINGTON! You have no one to blame but yourselves. Congress is FUBAR!
Why aren't women and minorities on the senate healthcare committee? The gallery of white men do not reflect the demographics of the US!
Laying groundwork for the tax "reform" gouging that's coming up, are u? Note...he backs trump.  When u get screwed, he's turning the driver.
Fart!!!
Which ones? Be specific and quit manipulating Ohioans.
So no town hall meetings to see what Ohioans sent  you to do coward
I am a small biz owner and I am frustrated that my representatives put party over the people they represent. That's holding me back.
no not really, only shitty thing is pay to play to get city jobs. Gotta pay crooks like you to get in the game!
If you’re an #Ohioan in #Ohio, you're probably frustrated that @senrobportman isn't answering his constituents calls. I know I am.
Two words: town hall.
I'm more depressed that we have the burden to provide health care to employees when Europe, Canada & others govts provide it. #AHCAVote
No. i'm a small business owner & biggest concern is that i can't do it full time because I won't have health ins if I quit my day job.
Hmm...child labor, have to pay my employees, have to have safety measures in place-all regs that at one time people thought we "didn't need"
I am a small business owner. And you sir are talking about the wrong issues.  We have a nutcase in the Oval and no healthcare Do your job
You should not be a small business owner and quit sucking up to Ivanka and trump. We need rules and regulations.
I am, and I'm not frustrated.  Business is good because the economy is doing well.  Don't tamper with it!
I'm frustrated by cowardly elected officials screwing the public without the GD courtesy to give a reach around.
We need a regulation that requires you to hold town halls.
Or require employers to treat their employees like, well, humans?
Or the ones that make businesses keep employees safe?
You think it is regulations holding business back? Like one that limit the pollution in the air or water that business can dispense?
No. My small business runs fine. I'm quite satisfied with my business.
Keep #parrotthepartyline  #coward you are done and #trumpisyourlegacy all you will ever be remembered for
.@senrobportman yeah my employees aren't dying of preventable illnesses fast enough, can you help?
.@senrobportman what's the regulation that your think is most frustrating? (Serious question.)
No ... frustrated by government leaders wasting our hard earned tax dollars on DOD overspending.
I'm frustrated I won't be able to go full time w/ a #SmallBiz biz because my insurance premiums would be astronomical w/o ACA
Did you just use the word biz Portman?  A little heavy on the Luda records this week #staythe****upoutmybiznass
Could you name which regulations you are talking about?
That is absurd. Ohio has no -ZERO- corporate income tax, almost full tax credit on small biz profit. Follow Fed labor res. What regs hurt?
You keep referencing "regulations"Exactly which ones do you believe are not needed?
No small business can afford your 51k rate to get their agenda through the Senate
Once again @senrobportman you are talking in generalities! How about giving us specific regulations, otherwise your statements are hollow.
Most regulations impacting small biz are local and state law. Why won't you have a town hall?
Agreed. Northeast Ohio would be great! 44021
What regulations are you talking about?  Be specific please.
Since when are you a small biz owner? If you would ever meet w/#Ohioans, you would find out what real frustration is!
What is a "small business?"    A McDonald's franchise is a form of corporate ownership.  Not small business.
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.17
