A no vote for our healthcare is a NO VOTE for your next election. You do nothing but hurt Ohioans with your support of AHCA
A no vote on Obama care will help reduce insurance costs A yes vote on AHC will bring insurance cost down in the opposite direction of ObC.
A no vote on what is in place will kill people. They need a better plan. Ryan's plan is criminal
Where do u get Ryan's Plan?  I would like to read it and then decide if u are correct?
Why won't anyone answer the phone at either of your offices?
The opioid epidemic will only increase with cuts to Medicare. Vote NO on the AHCA!!
Uncontrolled distribution and accessibility will not solve the epidemic cuts to Medicare or not
Also remember that many patients get the drugs and resale them
Right, but we shouldn't be cutting access to rehabilitation or medical care used to curb addiction
The only problem I see with this is the cause is usually from bad decisions vice other medical illnesses/injuries not self imposed!
How about urging congress to protect the 220,000 Ohioans with addiction or mental health disorders that have coverage under the ACA?
AND TELL THEM TO VOTE NO ON AHCA. Otherwise, why bother. #Hypocrite
So hypocritical. If this passed IMMEDIATELY,  there will Still be Ohioans who require healthcare that helps them with addiction.
I am ashamed you were one of the 13 that wrote this bill why do you hate the poor middle class old pregnant and addicted?
What's the point if those suffering addiction don't have access to healthcare to seek treatment and rehabilitation programs?
Your "soft landing" on Medicaid is still a cut.
Your "soft landing" on Medicaid is still a cut.
Then #VoteNoAHCA Stand with Governor Kasich on tracing across the aisle and crafting real legislation!
Some chronically ill people need fentanyl to live. Please don't make cuts without taking everyone into consideration.
Rob. How do U or Congress do this without coming down on MDs Hospitals, and Big Pharma?  These are the real abusers and Big Pharma resists!
What a waste- you lack the courage to raise a tax or cut a different program, so it just adds directly to the debt!
I will continue to point out your hypocrisy until you vote #NoOnAHCA
So will I. #NoOnAHCA
Same.
Ditto.
I will continue to urge all the cells in your body to just give up and shut down.
You're trying to put a bandaid on a stabbed back. Vote NO on the #healthcare bill or you'll be voting NO on Ohio's wellbeing.
Senator: are you going to throw us all off of healthcare? This is an awful and shameful bill. YOU KNOW IT!
To bad you don't know any poor people. That would change your vote. Remember same-sex marriage vote?
I hope you will stand by your word. Your state needs your support now more then ever!
Let's hand out free opioids to ease the suffering and inevitable death caused by the AHCA. You would be kinder.
And I certainly hope you will urge Congress to REJECT the pitiful excuse for a #HealthcareBill the Senate unveiled today! #TrumpcareKills
You cant pretend to care about stopping the opiod crisis & then vote Yes on Trumpcare. Pick a lane, preferably one that doesn't cut Medicaid
Do you approve of disabled Americans being picked up/forcibly removed 4 exercising their right 2 free speech on issue that could kill them?
Does no good when you have no way to pay for addiction rehab.  Why did you change funding for Opioid crisis from 10 yrs  to 1 yr?  Vote no
We still need Medicaid expansion to provide treatment. This doesn't make up for the flawed Sen HC bill #ProtectOurCare
Ohioans flood Senator Rob Portman's DC office because he won't have a town hall in Ohio
Ohioans flood Senator Rob Portman's DC office because he won't have a town hall in Ohio https://www.pscp.tv/w/bBksSTFBbVF6Z2dMWEF3S2V8MU95SkFCWW93eU54YlSNvPLc_x0CCxUe9yxM_EBwLkzYPmMMiYnZ3xq20ouc …
You will keep tweeting about anything but the ONE thing we care about right now.
If you care about the opioid crisis, you'll vote NO on the Senate healthcare bill, which takes away healthcare from those who need it most!
To make Ohio a safe healthy place for our children we need you and Kasich gone. You hurt Ohioans with your support of AHCA. #NomorePortman
Please stop posting, unless of course you're going to tell us that you are a NO on AHCA.
MEAN & NASTY. Meanwhile, you are one of the authors of TRUMPCARE, a healthcare plan that dooms so many poor and disabled people to death.
Please read Gov. Kasich's tweet against parts of the Senate version of the health bill. Work with Dems for a bipartisan bill or fix ACA.
How about people with disabilities? Going to fight for them? Or not a white or rich enough demographic for you to bother?
Vote no on AHCA, Rob. It really is a very cruel bill. But I don't have any confidence that you'll do the right thing.
Senator Portman, if you cared about the opioid crisis you would know that cutting Medicaid is a disaster in the making.
Trumpcare is a huge tax cut for the rich while killing the poor.  Explain that, we are listening...
Then place more emphasis on TREATMENT of all addiction. Stop criminalizing health issues and cutting off care.
Can you vote for country before party? Please? If you care AT ALL about the opioid crisis, youd know this bill will absolutely make it worse
How are those Medicaid cuts you put in the bill gonna help with the addiction crisis here in Ohio?
and you wonder why repukes are so unpopuler that people feel the need to shoot you guys
This is bad - Ohio's budget bill is WORSE it will KILL MEDICAID. #REMOVEMEDICAIDFREEZE Less than 48hrs
And will you let the new healthcare system take addiction treatment away from thousands in Ohio?
vote no on trumpcare ..as you know it gives the top 400 wealthyest familys taxcuts at the expence of medicaid patients and the poor
The proposed health care bill won't help addicts.
Under the AHCA drug counseling will be cut. People w/ addiction will die or be jailed; so quit pretending you care about them.
Perhaps you would consider urging Congress to stop the AHC act for what it will do to our communities
Urge congress to vote no on healthcare bill cutting Medicaid for millions.
What we really want to read is that you're going to vote no on the tax cuts for wealthy disguised as a health care bill.
Sick and tired of You, the @GOP and this corrupt admin. Unconscionable what you're trying to do to healthcare.
If u vote yes on ahca itll prove you lie everytime you say u want to stop the opioid crisis
@senrobportman you can't support this bill and support #GOPcare. Total hypocrisy. All people deserve health care, especially after rehab
#SaveOurCare #SaveACA repair not repeal #WWJD
Then you are a no vote for #AHCA, correct?
Why would they pass this when they want to massively cut health care? It won't happen. Stop and "health" bill are incompatible. VOTE NO
So by your continued posts on this topic, you can't possibly support the AHCA.
Wow you are really good at ignoring your constituents 10/10 good job
#TrumpCare will kill millions of addicts, y'all have no heart.
The question at hand is whether you  intend to vote for #AHCA that guts medicaid & essential benefits to give taxcuts to the rich.
I will continue to urge Sen Portman to not pass the #AHCA
You are a fraud in my book until you confirm a NO vote for #AHCA.
Urge everyone to vote NO on Trumpcare bill. It cuts care for mental illness. What good is it to keep drugs out if they can't get rehab?
