Wouldn't it have been civil to meet with President Obama's nominee to the Supreme Court?  You acted in a partisan manner instead. Shame.
Senator please vote no on repeal of ACA without a viable replacement!  Millions will suffer.
Starting at the top
Good point. Perhaps start that return by stopping the constant lies about ACA being a complete failure for Ohio.
Also, do not start lying that people who lose their healthcare because of ACA repeal are choosing to be uninsured.

Republican Leaders Are Soulless Hyper-Partisan Shills ~ Dan Rather 
If you mean that, then you support #impeachment for @realDonaldTrump.
If you mean that you'll listen to your constituents at a series of Town Halls.
Hey @senrobportman don't tell us, tell the President, your party leader
a repeal without a replace bill would be a tragedy to building on civility!
If you mean that then you won't wait until AFTER a catastrophic threat to Ohioans and America at large in bill form is defeated to say "NO."
@senrobportman if you know Wash. isn't working why perpetuate the issue by repealing the ACA w/o a solution #governingbyspite
ACA is healthy and stable, experts agree that there is no risk of it collapsing unless the Trump Admin actively sabotages it.
Well you are doing your part by voting with the Dems.Dont think Ohio voters approve
Will you approve when you lose your health care?
When you are asked to vote on healthcare, remember Ralph Regula. Work together for the good of all
I agree.
Repeal Oboma care
We need to return to PEOPLE over Party!  Vote NO on motion to proceed 
#NoRepeal
Then please explain your endorsement of @JoshMandelOhio there is nothing civil about his doscourse!
a shame the Democrats & lame stream media must #Resist our elected leaders!  #MAGA
It starts with the president
Fix the ACA. Vote "no" on the Trumpcare debacle.
Be the strong moderate. Ignore the bully.  Fix the healthcare problems as a legislative body.  Be on the right side of history.
Rob, time so you either step down or man up and vote no on ripping healthcare fro the people you represent.
Which also includes civility across parties! We want you to work bipartisan! It's people, NOT politics. #Save32Mil #FixACA
You aren't working for the people of Ohio. Please resign #voteportmanout
Right, Rob. You're Trump's lapdog
It starts with the top. The leader of your party became the leader because of his ability to insult and lie.
HOW DO #Democrats Defend THIS,Why Ever Vote #Democrat EVER AGAIN   Americans are tired of separate sets of #justice! https://www.facebook.com/OverpassesForAmerica2/videos/1470896196283042/ …
If you meant that you'd be a decent person. Be a decent person, Rob. Start by helping excise the cancer in the White House.
If you mean that you'll stand up for Ohioans who need you to truly represent them.
If you mean that you'll make the opioid epidemic, racial injustice within the CJS, and poverty amongst the working poor top priorities.
You need to support your people in Ohio. They are telling you what they want. You are elected to do what we ask. You are party over people.
Then talk and work with Democrats
Ya might want to start with the president.
Yes! We must remember to be polite when our children die because you take away their healthcare.
Dude you're so phoney. Do you even believe the things you say? Because we don't.
Returning to regular order in the Senate and holding hearings with the other party on critical bills would be a good start. #TrumpCare
Does that include Trump?
And Republicans and Democrats need to work together.  Why don't you start with healthcare?
Be the man u wanted to be & stop worrying who gives u more $$. Vote for your ppl. We need you to have OUR backs, not trump's. #SaveACA
Duh
If you actually want to see civility return you must #ImpeachTrumpNow and stand with #teammueller anything else is just hot air!
Okay, tell your Republican party to lead the way by removing Trump from office.
then see to it that you do not vote for this awful health care bill and work with dems to #fixACA #dotherightthing
Starts with the guy in the White House. Republicans have let him say and do many things without rebuke.
Civility left with the Trump administration and the machinations of Mitch McConnell and his obstructionist methodology.
You sure aren't working.  We have two major tasks, taxes being and healthcare.   What specifically have you done about either of them?
Don't see any dems cheering the cancer diagnosis of John McCain. That's how foul your party is, Rob. Let's be honest about why DC is broken.
Fair play is also important, Rob. Not seating Eric Garland was an outrage. Taking away the filibuster likewise. GOP is a despicable party.
Civility? What do you mean and who are you talking about? Specifics, Rob. I thought we already talked about weasel words.
Baloney,  vote repeal and replace
Do your job!!
We are counting on your integrity Senator. Civility and working as a team is the only way to success. Thank you for being a great rep!
We know where it all ended. Civility ended with Trump. Yet you still support him. This country deserves better than a mentally ill man.
Vote NO on #Trumpcare or my friends and I are going to comb the streets to have you voted out during next election.
It's not Washington Portman it's you Ohio doesn't want you anymore you don't do your job you vote against the president and the ppl ur out
If only today's members of Congress would take a look at past members like Hon. Ralph Regula and emulate that behavior, it might happen.
Then work with Democrats. Fix prescription drug costs. They are out of control.
You need to vote NO on repeal only....I can't believe I even have to tweet that.....
Portman, all you talk about is Medicaid. You never, discuss the pain ACA is causing middle class ohioans. Seems, we aren't important to you.
We need to vote you out in Ohio because you are complacent with treason
You haven't showed us you can Listen yet. You have yet to take time with your decisions and truly spoken to the @SenateDems You're pitiful.
Please refocus on the needs of your constituents: #Jobs! Not donors' tax cuts. Fix Our #Infrastructue. Compromise w/Dems. Fix the #ACA. TY
I hope this means you will push Republicans to work with Democrats.
So do you now have concerns w/ endorsing @JoshMandelOhio ?? Or are you totally cool w/ his infatuation w/ hate spewing conspiracy theorists?
We need to get rid of Trump!
True so tell @realDonaldTrump to stop his little #twittertantrums and start doing his job.
Then quit kowtowing and stand up to the worst offender, your so called president.
Please just do what you know is right for Ohioans. They will respect you for it.

The Bible says be careful who you lay hands on, lest you become party to their sins. Hypocrisy is contagious. https://thinkprogress.org/amp/p/7876ee87dbc2 …
GOP has to stop trying to pass Trumpcare without letting anyone know the consequences.  Work with Dems to find fair affordable healthcare.
Civility would be what we elected you to do.  RINO! You only won because we can't vote DEM and Taxing Ted Strickland is an awful candidate.
As long as #trump is #POTUS #potus there will be no civility. Hope you see realize this soon.
.It was nice to see the bipartisan show of genuine affectiion for Sen. McCain. Straight talk is rare - and rewarded
you must don't know a lot of people
Voting #ObamacareRepeal will cause Rural hospitals to lose funding. My local hospital is 8 miles away. If closed, next closest is  1 hr
This can kill people. This is real. Call your Senator & demand they #fixaca and make it better for all.  It is working and stable. #acaSaves
Repealing #Obamacare will cut .Medicaid to nursing home residents. Can you afford to pay thousands $ month for your parents care? Can you..
..afford to quit your job and take care of them yourself? Are you skilled enough? Can do speech, physical, occupational therapy? Lift them?
Provide wound care? Know how to prevent bed sores? Change their soiled linens and feed them if they can't swallow due to stroke?
This is real people living this scenario if your senator votes to #Repeal Obamacare in any form. We can't let this happen to our families
Correct. And I also hope u remember that when a healthcare bill goes to a vote. Civility and compassion. Stand with what u know is rt.
Imagine being in middle of chemo and hit annual p/lifetime cap. Then what? Die or go bankrupt? #Obamacare #ACA protected us from that.
Repealing Obamacare will remove #ACA protections for pre exist cond., reinstate annual/lifetime caps on coverage, cut Medicaid! #FixACA
Do you GOP voters realize that #RepealObamacare will remove tens of thousands of you from ins coverage including those with emp plans?
What isn't working are @GOP lies about ACA&hideous grotesque monstrous maniacal determination to rip HC from YOUR CONSTITUENTS&22M Americans
#RepealObamacare will rip healthcare from tens of millions including my disabled son and is cruel. It is time to work w Dems to #fixaca
If returning to civility means impeaching the current president and his VP, I am all for that sir.
Trump is exceeding expectations and delivering! Get off the fence, get on the Trump Train, & start being part of the solution. Shake it off.
Far left drew battle lines, pushing 'resist' agenda, & wishing won't fix it. Pick a side, no fence straddling, the people have chosen Trump.
Oh, shut it. Your cuddling up to the worst elements of the base totally negates this.
You're just posturing if you won't even mention the key player fomenting incivility.  Milktoast lamentations about  Washington mean nothing.
Then why was your press secretary declaring healthcare protesters socialist weeks ago
And quit lying to your voters.  Replace ObamaCare!
Yes we do! You senator and your fellow senators need to stay in Washington and DO YOUR JOB. Quit bickering and find something to agree on?
Thank you Senator Portman for doing your part for civility. I appreciate your insistence on good health care reform immensely!
Also, maybe go on an actual news program on a reputable network!
Why not try reaching across the aisle with open arms to your Democrat colleagues, beg their forgiveness and stop this partisan BS.
Civility should also include not working hard to take away healthcare from people, don't you think? Or maybe that's just basic decency.
Physician, heal thyself. 
#DontheCon #popularvoteloser #makerussiagreatagain #PutinsPuppet #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPenceToo #Cult45 #Sad
Pls work with Dems on health care. They are waiting. #NoTrumpCare
We need you to lead and actively work with DEMS on fixing ACA! Put you words into action we are counting on you!
You all have your own agenda's.  All of you forget the ones who you are working for.  Fix the mess you folks created with Obama Care.
Then start working with democrats I.e. healthcare.  Do what's right and not try to vote on promise made b4 public understood ACA
Stand up for democracy.  Denounce trump over Russian investigation.  Don't let him fire Ag in order to fire Mueller.  Do what's best 4 U.S.
Republicans didn't mind when Obama and Dems were on the receiving line of incivility.
What a bunch of drivel We need repubs 2 get behind t Pres that t American ppl voted4 Instead of thwarting him at every turn! Yourtraitors2Us
sooooo START co-operating with the DEMS and IMPROVE the ACA .  instead of the '5 yr old throwing a tantrum" about repeal .
Senator, I hope you still plan to vote no on #Trumpcare. Many Ohioans don't watch faux news, maybe give an interview on another outlet 
Your party has control of all three branches, I think the broken gov't speaks volumes about the modern Republican party.
I agree senator. We Ohioans would love to sit down & discuss our concerns w/the man we elected to represent our state. #feelingdisrespected
...and while you're at it you need to keep voting no on the Senate healthcare bill if the GOP keeps trying to take healthcare away
The people are telling you what's up. If you want reelected in 5 years, you better start listening to us and not money.
Fraud.
Much of that has to do with certain Senators not supporting the agenda of the American people, being elitist or being afraid of the elites.
No, you're not working!  Get back to work and pass a repeal & replace.  And I actually thought u were worth fighting for reelection-wrong!
Listening to your constituents would be a great start. We can only leave a message on your v/m and never reach a real person. #BeTheChange
Take your president's phone away.
Work on that Senator
Your wrong Senator Portman.  We need Republicans who have the courage to fight for us.  Repeal Obamacare.  Cut taxes. SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!
Are country is being ruined by the left, the establishment, the deep state.  And Republicans are not fighting for those who voted for them.
Well, I could be more civil if you weren't trying to kill some of us by repealing ACA.  People in my family have pre-existing conditions.
Great idea. How about being civil with bipartisan colleagues & including them? Having open hearings & process for bills?
Amen
You could take notes on how our governor conducts himself.
Agree! Have you read Trump or even Pence Tweets? How about GOP's? They need to stop with the division, blaming and the name calling.
FINALLY!! A grownup steps up and speaks ! The ENTIRE Senate working together will accomplish much! "more that unites us than divides us"
It amazing how many Republicans work so hard to be in government even though they despise it.
Can you do that retroactively? We remember #GOP during the scandal free Obama years
Said on a network that fosters and thrives on lack of civility.
Washington isn't working because people like you sell positions to the highest bidder and not the most qualified.
Washington isn't working because people like you continue to support a disastrous WH and a first family of grifters robbing OUR country.
Please keep your word. https://www.facebook.com/ClubforGrowth/videos/10154904289497607/ …
Time for you to go mr portman I can no longer in good conscience vote for you
You have not even given Senator Sherrod Brown credit for the joint actions you have taken. Civility starts at home.
Yes! & we need bipartisanship & compromise & a POTUS worthy of the office
Did you work when McConnell ordered GOP to obstruct in order to stonewall Merrick Garland? If not don't lecture us on civility. #leadership
Lead. Be the change: Work with the Dems and Gov Kasich IN GOOD FAITH to get the ACA to cover more people and cost less. Sherrod Brown will.
Reminder - for 2 decades Republicons have been using Gingrich's Language: A Key Mechanism of Control http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article4443.htm 
"Apply these to the opponent, their record, proposals & their party." anti-flag, family, child, jobs; betray, bizarre, intolerant, lie, ...
It's not the tone it's the anti democratic procedure and policies.
Everyone always says this but never have the backbone to do it.  Want to be serious about this, then start with our party and President.
This President will not permit civil debate. Closed, off camera press briefing are an example of the contempt he has for citizens
Then set an example Senator and be the bigger man.  Work with your Dem colleagues to fix ACA.  I believe you understand repeal is heinous.
Well tell that to the tweeter in charge
I see the Dims and the Hillary & Obama cry babies are after you. Be strong. They'll vote against you no matter how you cast your vote
You need to use your vote when it counts not when it doesn't
Yes, we do. Tell that to the POTUS, please. He sets the tone.
if you want civility then you need to crawl out trumps ass and impeach hes destroying america. put country before party.
Please try to set the example. Please work with your Dem. colleagues on health care.  Don't push through a bill for a "win!"
Dear Sen Portman: Ironic you're calling for a return to civility from the most destructive force in politics--@FoxNews
I do appreciate that you, Senator, do behave as a gentleman but I'm hoping your votes and actions show that too.





#Resistance Then you should push for impeachment.
Start with not allowing fellow lawmakers to harm Americans with bad bills and policies. Do right by us. Stand up for our country.
Amen. I don't recall one GOP asking for civility when President Obama was treated so badly by GOP. Remember the birthers led by Donald Trump
Iowa has no providers left. Zero. Zippo. GET MCCain back in there or he should resign. THIS IS CRISIS. i don't care if he's your friend
"discourse" lecture from the man that refuses to  have a town hall with his constituents.
If you are standing by Trump and Josh Mandel, you don't mean what you say.
Is correct. Please try to set the example. Please work with your Democratic colleagues, esp on health care.
 Really? Have you been keeping up on the news?
Agree.  Let's start with the WH.
Well you keep approving unqualified cabinet appointees for a fascist so I believe the buck starts with you senator!
I agree with you wholeheartedly.  Let's start with your president.
Hard to do with a bully tweeting from the WH. Worthy goal. You could start by holding a real town hall
You need to do what you promised and repeal Obamacare
Part of the problem are politicians like you.  Say one thing to get elected and do the complete opposite once there.  #Primarythegop
Impeaching the preposterous in office is a good start
you are the kid in school who watches the bully beat up a defenseless kid and does nothing.
Congress is manipulating the legislative process and being dishonest in an attempt to take away HC, and bankrupt people. But yes, civility.
How about honesty?  Can that return?
And compromise
i'll be civil when i have some assurance you wouldn't rather have me dead than alive
then stand up and be a LEADER and stop following McConnell, the man who broke Congress. Be your own man and not a lap dog

I had to make myself vote for Portman when he turned on candidate Trump in Ohio.  NEVER AGAIN,
seriously, how out of touch are you?
Um....
@POTUS drain the swamp.Take government out of private Insurance and doctors, and put the crooks in jail. The Dems are established crooks.
then stop campaigning for @JoshMandelOhio who stands up for Holocaust deniers and rape apologists
Why are you telling us this?  You should be telling Trump...have you read any of his tweets?   Not very civil.
civility as in the status quo D.C. Make no waves for the elected, While elected decide to do nothing and not make waves but Keep salary,
Perhaps your party needs to take a glance in the mirror, Senator
Don't excuse the LOSERS in this administration!!  Hold them responsible for degrading the office and the nation!!  #Impeach45  #LockHimUp
Impeach the theiving illegal president, he stoked the Whitehouse to give to Putin and u Congressman r allowing it!
