But our society has a man at the top who encourages it and then refuses to name it. Instead of tweeting, do something about that.
Why can't you say it either? This was  Homegrown Terrorism. Hate and Racism at it's core.  Took you all day to respond with this limp tweet.
You are culpable, brother. Your tweets are meaningless.
Nor does crime, bribery, collusion but yet here you are. #peopleoverprofit #LoveTrumpsHate
Or in our Breitbart White House.
Stronger words are needed, and from those higher than you. These are Radical Christian Terrorists.
No they are white supremacist.

Weak. Disappointing.
Rob your statement clearly shows you are trump's lap dog poodle .
Fight white supremacy here in Ohio. Be specific: no KKK, no alt-right. Demand the POTUS do the same. Fire their allies in the WH. SPEAK UP
Are you brave enough to tell the POTUS that?
Yet somehow they do have a place in the White House and in Trump's cabinet. You voted to approve many of them so your words don't mean much.
Please, @senrobportman, encourage our President to call the events of today what they truly are: acts of terrorist.
Why are you scared to say nazis and please talk about how the person who mowed down people was from our own state
You can't invite the devil in your home and then act outraged when people inside get burned.
Funny how you accept them in the White House though! 

Don't you know who BANNON and MILLER and Gorka are??
Nazis, Senator. The people you are taking about are called Nazis.
...and yet your SW Ohio constituency reside in an epicenter of both.  Where is our Senator?
They are nazis. Say the words: I reject white supremacists.
Call out your POTUS
Repeal and replace Rob Portman
I'm no fan of Sen. Marco Rubio, he got this one right. Maybe you could try again, Sen. Portman:
Nothing patriotic about #Nazis,the #KKK or #WhiteSupremacists It's the direct opposite of what #America seeks to be. #Charlotesville
God, Portman sucks!!
He really does.
Did you talk to your BFF Sherrod Brown about how he will condem anarchy by the left?   #NOT
What are you doing to combat the hate and bigotry coming from the president? Oh, nothing? That's what I thought.
And that's why you support Trump, correct?
Tweets are great, switch parties if you mean it...
Neo-Nazis' right to march does not mean the march was right. Be specific. Condemn them. It's scary that this seems difficult for you to do.
Really?!? You directly benefit from those that subscribe to that mentality of thinking...you embrace it...you're an embarrassment to Ohio
#JeffSessions
Neither do white supremacists. Just say the words
Must the Klan again burn Tulsa? Is this the depth of your denial?
They have first row seats as long as you pretend Nazis don't run the White House
See you FINALLY got around to saying something . Could have said something when David Duke gave his support to Trump during election
Could have said something when Trump called Muslims terrorists. Could have said something when Trump called Mexicans thieves & rapists.
I guess better late than never to try to get a vote, right?
But white supremacy is fine?
You're such a coward and a terrible representative to Ohioans.
Wish the President believed that
Tell your guy in the big white house.
Again I ask, is that all we get from you? Funny how the right demands Muslims condemn extremists but you won't do the same #Charlottesville
@senrobportman @JohnKasich Any comment on the Ohioan who did this? License GVF1111, VIN: 2B3CJ4DV8AH111921.
And I'm really, really hoping you won't say your thoughts and prayers are with the victims. I hope you will do something constructive.
Really Sen Portman?  Here's your leader and of course these Nazis are Trump's base.  Bless your heart!
Easy to say. Now let's follow those words up with action!!
So why didn't you campaign against Trump then? You are complicit. Blood on your hands.
Why don't you spend as much time repealing Obamacare Care ( which you voted for previously) as you do your trafficking bill?
Your support of hate & bigotry in the WH fuels Nazis in our society. #VotePortmanOut
Show courage and name it. Nazi, white supremacist, racist, homophobic, anti-Islam. They stand for Trump. You need to stand for America.
Name it you own The Neo-Nazi's GOP. Good luck in 2018
So when are you unendorsing @JoshMandelOhio.  Calling out Steve Bannon, and Stephen Miller for being rascists along with 45?
The #GOP, with the help of #FoxNews, created #Trumpenstein, and the clueless villagers who adore him.
There are Nazis marching in our streets. An American citizen was murdered in broad daylight. We need a better statement, Senator.
Call it out, you can do it!
"on many sides"
It's called white supremacy. Seriously. For once, take a stand that doesn't go directly against your constituents.
You need to stand up to the racist regime in the White House. This all falls on trump
Say the words: NAZIS. WHITE SUPREMACISTS. Say the damn words.
Please direct this to YOUR GOP Commander in Chief!!!!!!
If so @senrobportman, stand up to Trump & the Alt-Rights in the White House!
We stand with you @FfCtnyOH !!
@OhioDistrict16 Thank You! We stand with you also!
Car had Ohio plates.
You need to be proactive, instead of reactive.
Than how about you call out the president on it every time he spews or tweets it?
#IAmYourConstituent
You and your party encourage it! Until republicans stop encouraging it you need to shut-up
"Alright, took care of that. Problem solved. Now let's recycle some trafficking tweets and call it a day!"
Bannon, Gorka, Miller= known white nationalist/Nazis serving in the White House you support.
*terrorism and naziism
Please be specific, or else the Nazis will think you mean “hatred of Nazis”. Do you denounce white supremacists, yes or no?
....but it apparently has a place in our White House
Home grown, rght here in Ohio

License plate of the car involved 

(Pics via @DailyProgress)

PLEASE RT
Hey how about you actually condemn white nationalists / white supremacists/ nazis/ KKK?
What are you doing to stop it? Removing the problem from the oval office? Oh..you are doing nothing because let's face it this is your base.
Absolutely. When will you and other #Republican leaders insist that #POTUS speak w/clarity on these issues? #notmanysides #Charlottesviille
You supported a candidate who brought that hate and bigotry to the forefront of American society. You, sir, must bear the responsibility.
Right. So not sure why GOP voted in a man who is an unabashed bigot. @senrobportman, you and other GOP are complicit in the rise of hate.
Why have you and your party allowed the president to incite this? When will YOU say "enough!!"?
A person is DEAD. No condemnation of white supremacist hate groups from you, Senator? Let's call a spade a spade.
Then I suggest you get control of your party's "leader" and stop him from spewing hate on a daily basis.  He ran on hate and you back him up
I'm disappointed in you, Senator. Even @marcorubio and @JebBush came out and said "white supremacists." Who are you afraid of offending?
so quick to respond. this was at 10AM.
Seemed to fit right in during the Trump campaign!
Apparently they have the highest place in our govt though #Charlottesville. Speak out against this president.
Then work to get them out of the WH Senator Portman!!!
Nazis are what your party has become. Your president was endorsed by the KKK. What did you think would happen?
Then go on tour around OH & explain to all of the slack-jawed mouth breathers in most of our counties why they're wrong. I'll wait.
Let's not pretend that @GOP hasn't been stoking these fires since Nixon's Southern Strategy. You guys own this.
Time 2 Step Away From GOP then.
If you believe this then show up. Please, show up. Drive to Charlottesville and put your words into action. Put your words into policies. 
Call out the alt right specifically... Generic statements mean nothing. #Charlottesville
Meanwhile, you throw your support behind @JoshMandelOhio as he flaunts alt-right conspiracies & you vote Pro-Trump on his Nazi-based agenda
But they are acceptable in the White House?
Hope and prayers. Hope and prayers.
Tepid. Absolutely tepid.
Why do you support a POTUS who encourages this kind of behavior? Why do you not call out the specific groups doing this?
Or in any society for that matter.
Then why do you support a president and party that does?
I assume you are referring to the white Supremacist terrorists that are marching there? Please state that clearly so there is no confusion
You supported this sham President. This is on YOU and your party of racist thugs.
That's it? 
Let's talk when you get back from #Charlottesville. How about a Town hall?
they do—in the White House
funny, there are GOP's largest base
Late and weak
That's the best you can do?? If you can't specifically condemn those responsible... You are one of them #NAZI #Charlottesville
Wait which side are you talking about? #profileincourage
Denounce white supremacists and Neo-Nazis. Don't just condemn violence. Coward.
Not enough.  Denounce the alt right!  It is antithetical to our democracy.  How Hitler came to power.
Please specify this is in response to the actions of white supremacists and neo-nazis.
What's your take on Nazi and the KKK?
It's a little late for that now don't you think Robby? Enjoy your hard-earned spot on the wrong side of history
Seems our President doesn't stand with you.
Meaningless generic statement.
How. Very. Generic.
Talk is cheap.
Call them by name. We have white supremacists marching, this isn't a tiff at a preschool
Prove your words aren't hollow and remove your endorsement of Josh Mandel.
You need to hold your president accountable to also condemn white supremacy.
That's better. Not a strong stand, but at least a statement against hate and bigotry. Hoped you'd denounce white supremacy.
This is a wimpy statement considering what is going on there and that they would gladly see me dead for the color of my skin, Senator.
Are you kidding @senrobportman?  That's what this president's campaign was built on.  Preach to your own, Rob.  And BTW, I do agree with you
So act like it. Condemn the murder of Tamir Rice, John Crawford III and Samuel Dubois, Ohioans who were murdered bc of hate and bigotry
Your silence on the murder of the child and the men show the white supremacist you are on their side.
"Let's see, how can I be as vague as possible here so that I don't alienate my white supremacist voters?"  -Rob Portman

#profilesincourage
YOU are supporting this Portman. This comes from rhetoric YOU have used, YOU have exploited.
Then why do you support Trump?
Exactly! we also need to talk about who they are? like gang members & Isis sympathizes, what they are is anti-social & maladjusted young men
Except you eagerly GAVE them a place in our society.
So true!  No elected official should court the white supremacist vote.  Get the alt-right Bannon & Gorka out of our WH.
Well, that's really effing profound, Rob. I can tell how upset you are.

#WeWillReplaceYou
#RubberStampRob
#SenatorBotPortman
Nice words.  What are you going to do about it?
Specifically white supremacist, right?
AGREED! STAY focused senator! Your EASY job is at risk. I'm really pushin to help you memorize: 
Want FRIES wit dat?
Traitorous Leche!!
Will you be happy when Texas goes permanently blue, like California? We will never have a republican majority again.
As a Republican constituent, Senator, I say anything less than flat-out condemnation of Nazi alt-right  movement by name is appeasement!
Indeed. What is he waiting for? Who is he afraid of offending? Asking for reasonable people.
THEN DO SOMETHING!!!
Use the words neo nazi. Words matter.
Honestly we understand your effort in this area!  Yay!! But @potus is needlessly escalating tensions in NK. Why are you silent?
Agreed. Yet you continue to give "deference"
Then quit supporting them!
@realDonaldTrump Hard to preach when you have a president that promotes racism and hate on a daily basis #charlottsville
So why are some working in the WH ?
@GOP owns this. Too little too late. Remove the racist nazi KKK WH admin #CharlottesvilleKKK
A large portion of Trump voters voted out of hate and bigotry, and you and your party leadership enabled it.
People are literally being run over in the street. Do something more than this.
Yell it from a mountaintop. These people are emboldened by the hate they saw at their president's rallies, for example. Very dangerous turf.
Please stand up to their leader: Trump.
Wow. Bold statement. #somuchcourage #really #Charlottesville
Starts with President Bannin and VP Gorka
Then maybe you shouldn't have ENABLED it to happen sir. #resist REMOVE HIM!!!
Too little too late.
.@senrobportman , please specifically denounce white supremacists and what they stand for.
Do you have a shred of courage and integrity to condemn the White Supremacist Alt-Right, both in & outside the White House???
A very specific kind of hate and bigotry were on display today. Why won't you name it?
Tour right . I cant believe they want to take down his statue.
and yet you and your colleagues kiss up to and blindly follow Trump and his hatred.  Empty words, Senator!  Time for u and Repubs to act!
Than why do you republicans condone it i.e. Trump
Thank you!
Maybe you could explain that to the president. Also I notice you aren't explicitly denouncing white supremacy. Call it out by name.
Please save yourself the effort and us the time to read these useless tweets. You are fooling no one. You obviously cannot DO YOUR JOB.
The hate in this country is and always has been fueled by democrats. Obama divided this country more than what it was pre civil war.
Please identify the haters & the bigots by name - white nationalist. That matters!
Yet you are happy to support a president and belong to a political party that thrives on it.
Amen!!!
Kick

Bannon & Gorka 
& All Hatefull monuments

OUT
Don't you wince just a little when you appose "hate and bigotry"? Without H&B, there'd be a woman in the WH right now.
David Duke says they're doing this in the name of Trump...who surrounds himself with white nationalists.
And finally with your 7th tweet today, you finally address the topic at hand. #TooLittleTooLate
Took you long enough.
First you had to wait and see which way 45 was going to go, huh? Too little, too late. Weak.
Then why do u support an administration that promotes just that?
Who are you trying to kid? Over 60 million people voted to put a hateful bigot into the Presidency. We should acknowledge that.
Then stand up to Trump
Agreed but what are YOU doing about the nutcase inciting this rhetoric?  Do something about Trump before he gets us all killed!
*before Kim Jong Un gets us killed
Why are you afraid to say white supremacy?
Cause he is a republican!
You really need to call out the KKK and Nazis specifically with your condemnation, even at the risk of losing votes, right?
My sarcasm meter just red lined
Thank you Senator
Any words to say about white supremacists?
Took your staff long enough to post.
Mr Portma is that response from Donald Trump about Charlottesville acceptable to you?

So true. So, what are YOU going to do about it, besides these tweeted words?
First you all complain that noone is tweeting about it. Now you complain that theyre only tweeting about it. There is no pleasing you people
