do u have studies that prove business Tax refunds improve wages and increase jobs for the working class citizens?
Do you have any independent ideas, Rob? You're a puppet for the GOP and Trump.
Raise minimum wage, raise taxes on the 3%. Help the under employed. Help recreate a middle class again.
No it isn't. It's about tax cuts for the Kochs, Adelson, Trump, and the rest of your big donors.
And so you'd NEVER support 45's calamitous proposal?!?
What really be-fuddles me is how you find audiences ignorant enough to be persuaded by the ignorance you propagate.  Will Lord Jesus be long
Tell everyone how much the NRA has given you. Who do you really work for? Useless Rob
This raises taxes on the middle class. Stop lying.
Can you share your source please? I have heard of the hopes to reduce tax brackets but haven't seen the income figures.
Here ya go.
Curious. very important detailed look at how #TrumpPlan could increase their taxes, but by assuming many unknown factors like income bracket
BS
Your tax "reform" (cough cough) will kill Medicaid/Medicare.
#TaxReform is about lining the pockets of the already rich. The "helping the #middleclass" bullshit is old, tired, and dishonest. #DoYourJob
then why does most of the cut go the rich? At the expense of programs for the people?
how come the tax plan gives huge cuts to the rich , I am middle class and my taxes are going up under this plan #taxcutsfortherich #racist
Bullshit!
Hey Rob! How will cutting Medicare and Medicaid to fund tax cuts for the wealthy help middle class families?
He is so full of crap...he has never been for the working class...proud Ohio resident
If I lose my interest deduction and my state deduction I am screwed....This will screw the middle class
Is this really Rob Portman's twitter or is it a Russian bot?
It absolutely is. So, will you stand up for your constituents or will you stand with the 3%?
Though not my preference, #taxcuts allow more to #donate to previously funded governmental programs that not everyone cares for. #Choice
Will RP obediently swallow whatever tax billTrump tries to pass off as good 4 the middle class? Man up and represent your constituents!
Is that what your rich donors told you to say?
That is sure not what has been reported in the house bill! How can any of you support these hateful goons?
Any time you say tax reform can create jobs, I hear “big tax cut for business owners! Please God may they choose to spend it on employees”
Prior experience shows this tax reform doesn't create jobs or raise wages. Just helps wealthy at rest expense
Bullshit....@GOP Bullshit....@gop you're  a bunch of liars....
Tell us all about Rick Perry coming to Ohio in a private plane on taxpayers dollars That is Ok with you But no problem stealing my money
I could agree with 99.9% of your policie$ however I don't have $hort term memory and I will never forget or forgive your vote for DeVo$
When they say tax cuts create jobs that is because they are all about giving tax cuts to businesses (not small businesses) just THE RICH CEO
Get real Rob. You're beholden to the mega-wealthy. The middle class may eventually prosper, but the 1% undoubtedly will, immediately.shame
Hahahahaha  it's almost like you think the @GOP plan will actually do all that! You crack me up! #thanksforthelaugh
GOP Tax Plan: Wealthiest 1% net 50% of the total savings. Not deficit neutral. 
Good for donors, not voters:

Then why does the “tax reform” disproportionately benefit the top 1%?
liar
3 millions reasons why he’ll only be offering “thoughts & prayers” on this issue.
Trump & Portman... NRA puppets. How many more Americans need to die Rob?
How much have you accepted from the NRA senator?? #EndCitizensUnited
We all know your lying Portman
& ending inheritance tax for the super wealthy allowing them to leave their heirs tens of millions tax free & making US even more unequal.
It is not all about helping  the wealthiest by dropping the ESTATE TAX...oh wait it must bc that’s in the plan!!
GOP #TaxReform is about CRUSHING the #middleclass, creating LOW-PAYING #Jobs & providing LESS wages for all Americans
#fixeditforya
You’re a lying shill of a man. You’re an errand boy for the wealthy and care nothing for the middle class. Hope you lose your job next year
You are so full of dirty NRA money (3mil) you'll say anything. What you call tax reform is just another con job by the rich for themselves
Have to love how many are against and you don't reply. Then you act like so many love it. Not!
The Trump family & others like them would gain bigly from this plan while the middle class would pay more. Get honest, Sen. Portman.

If this is so awesome, how about a columbus town hall to discuss?  43221
I call shenanigans.
Whatever.  Stop .  If you want to provide jobs cut the payroll tax.

If only there was a way to see if trickle down economics was effective...
 that’s cute.
I find it odd that the middle class faces tax increases in the plan but the top 1% gets a huge tax break...it’s time to repeal and replace u
This is bullshit in you know it. Billionaires do not need tax cuts. Stop lying to the people.  #TaxTheRich!
Hypocrite.
Too bad that's not what you all are trying to implement.  The definition of insanity is #trickledown
I can’t wait until November 2022. It’s marked on my calendar. “ go vote for any damn body that isn’t .@senrobportman “
Of course Mr couldn’t wait to kill healthcare for millions is 1 of the biggest takers of NRA $$......
No it's not.
Why don't you go on another network?  Stop with the "help the middle class" crap!  Reagan didn't save me a dime.
Why wouldn't we expect you to lie? Only a soulless human would take $3 million in gun money knowing Americans would die as a result.
Better wages for millionaires and billionaires
http://I.DO.NOT.BELIEVE.YOU . You have ZERO credibility when it comes to repping poor and middle-class Ohioans. Lucky you're not running in 2018.
Funny how the experts point out that only the 1%ers will get a real break Rob.

Lies
Your tax plan literally does the opposite.
I love that you give this guy the business EVERY DAY
How can you say that 1000$ taxes break per family per year is ridiculous. That is a 20$ twenty dollars per week.
Billionaires will get All
Ah, so you’re not really doing tax reform. Damn. I was right all along.
Contact @SpeakerRyan....
PLEASE support Rep Al Green as he submits impeachment papers to congress this coming week.
Rob, aren’t you tired of selling out to your rich donors? We The People are tired of you not representing us the way you should.
What you actually mean: it’s about helping the rich, creating more class disparity & providing bigger bonuses for CEO’s and senators
Nope.   It really isn’t.  It helps the rich get richer.   Increases our debt.  And destabilizes the economy.
Seriously Rob? No one is buying this shit. When will you reach across the aisle & propose some real tax reform, that benefits the mid-class?
Better wages? Don't make me laugh. It's just a scam to help the rich get richer. More voodoo economics.
Do you think if you repeat this bullshit enough times it will be true? Because it won't. Trickle down is horse hockey.
Taxreform is about screwing the middle class, creating a ruling class, and stagnating wages for most Americans (fixed it for you)
I hear YOU! So it’s time that you hear me, WORK TOGETHER with the congress, blue and red, remove personal feelings and let’s do a better TAX that the majority of America wants... Or join me so we together can interview the people, who owns the congress and the WH!
And just to throw it out, many countries have tried to do what this TAX approach is, and the end result is, you gain nothing “+ - 0”
What metrics prove trickle down has ever created jobs?  All it creates is healthy bank accounts 4 CEOs, top 1% and politicians #TaxReform
Stop lying to us. Your #TrumpTaxScam is just an excuse to #RobthePoor, Rob.
I can't see wages going up. If you think I want to wait on a promise from the business community that they will pay more forget it.
Gun control Rob..wait...you are bankrolled by the NRA! Maybe you run on more guns, no healthcare and white supremacy all at once!
then leave the per dependent deduction alone. Doubling the std deduction hurts mid class itemizers with kids!
How doea eliminating the Alternative Minimum Tax AMT do that?
Make it conditional. Companies only get breaks if they hire x amount of new employees and pay x above standard. Or are you full of shit?
NONSENSE. Proposed plan gives the biggest tax break to the wealthiest with no thought to deficit. Typical Trump. Selfish. Greedy. Nasty.
Lies all lies if u itmz ur midlclss tx go up Deficit soars cuts in SS&Medcr u & @realDonaldTrump Benefit TELL THE TRUTH FOR ONCE IR LYING
Can you show data that slashing taxes on the wealthy “creates more #Jobs?” Because I don’t think that’s a credible claim.
I am a Republican. This tax bill is really hard on the middle class, white collar folks that represent true republican values. #taxreform
That's funny, considering your "tax plan" raises the rate of the poorest Americans and gives the biggest cuts to millionaires.
We're not buying it.  It's tax cuts for the rich & big corporations.  Trickle-down has never worked, so stop selling us a dead cow.
Forgive me if I doubt your sincerity, Robert.
You lie.
But I'm sure you can understand a theory that involves consumers having more $, leads to economic growth.  We drive the Econ not the rich.
No such thing as trickle down economics
No independent agency or expert says @gop bill helps. When will you stand up to them?
And their tax rate will drop 4.5% You were elected to represent people of Ohio and this tax plan only continues to make rich richer.
Wages? Biggest problem with pure capitalism is the Money always rises to top.  How much of wealth does top 1% have. Almost 90%
The actual consumer needs more money in their pockets. Not corporations. Tax cuts for us mean nothing. But pad our savings acts a little.
Tax holiday to bring cash back ok with me but that cash will only go to buybacks and div increase or one time div. not create jobs
How in the world do you think jobs will be created by giving corps more cash?  Middle class gets essentially nothing in these cuts
I call BS. your rhetoric doesn't square with the analysis
If it involved the richest getting tax breaks I'm going to have to call bullshit, senator. One word: Kansas. #weseeyou #taxreformmyass
Yet the middle class will pay more taxes. Explain to me again how paying more taxes is going to help me?
I know I as a middle-class American benefit greatly from repeating the estate tax. Oh wait... no I don't.
1,072.
Lower rich people taxes never raised wages
You lie. 0.5% of the population will get almost 50% of the tax cut dollars.
How about holding a town hall meeting so you can better explain how it is going to help the average Ohioan?
Rob Portman couldn’t care less about the middle class. He’s all about doing what lobbyists want. He wants tax cuts for wealthy and NRA $.
You're lying on national television. Why? This tax reform will not benefit working "middle" class. Innovate for us, don't defecate on us.
#RESIGNRobPortman you are a special interest pawn and IT SHOWS. You aren't doing your job for Ohioans.
How about we get to see the President's tax returns?
What about helping the people of Puerto Rico?  Where is a bill to get them desperately needed funding?
You've been Trumped!
This tax bill, is only going to benefit the top 1% and you know it. Your constituents  are against it!  Vote accordingly.
So, Repubs should come up with a plan that does that without ROBBING Medicare and Medicaid to pay for tax breaks for RICH!
L I A R !
No one believes tax cuts create jobs. They never have.
Just stop...
Vote no
#trickledown does not work! We want #MedicareForAll
The average middle class person will receive less than 1000 dollars a year if you make more then one hundred grand a year.  If you makes less you get nothing but a post card to pay your taxes on.  Say goodbye to any tax return you receive now.
Please stop lying. There is no reform on the table at the moment, just a transfer from the middle class to the rich.
Wrong. no evidence that your plan does anything different than previous cuts. No growth no jobs. Look at facts it’s a Tax cut for rich only
Liar
Excuse the bad word but that's bullshit. #TaxReform to the GOP is all about tax breaks for the rich. I've seen your scamming leader's plan.
Who pays for the 2 Trillion your adding to the national debt.  While the top 10% get a tax break and billion dollar for profit companies tax rate is lowered from 35% to 25% which 99% of them pay no taxes at all.  Republicans are Fucken insane.
Liar!  Why do I only see you talking on Fox "News"?  I guess it's because it's viewers will believe anything on that channel even your lies.
When multiple channels report something negative about "The Bum" I check Faux (Fox) News and they R always the only one w/ a different story
Is that what they are telling you to say?  Ummmm, ok, Senator.
.@senrobportman when are you and your colleagues going to give up on Laffer Curve, Trickle-down and supply side economics?
We can’t “produce” our way into prosperity as long as those who “consume” can’t afford to buy the products. Address wage inequality first.

The current tax reform won't do any of those things. Just stop lying about it.
Same ole song and dance.
So u go Fox to say this? Hmmm. B/c they won't challenge these stmnts? Go on PBS, NPR, interview w/the Atlantic. They will ask u real ?'s.
Your #TaxReform is only about helping corporations, 1% wealthiest & you. Srsly gross.
$3,061,941 you took in from NRA. You may "winning" at life but you're a failure as a human being because you promote unnecessary suffering.
You insult us every day. We are NOT FOOLED! Here's how your GREAT MIDDLE CLASS TAX PLAN only benefits the WEALTHY! https://itep.org/trumpgopplan/ 
Tax cuts for fat cat Portman Republicans.  Portman is a coward and a liar.
We know this is a lie.  GOP's idea of tax reform will only benefit the wealthy.  We'll vote you out if you keep pushing this lie.
Since you keep repeating this, I will keep asking for specifics on how many jobs & what do you mean by better wages? @indivisibledyt
Why is it you won't talk about healthcare laws until after a CBO score has been released but you are all over tax reform w/o one?
You misspelled “the top one percent.”

No it's not
lol
This plan will RAISE MY TAXES! I AM THE MIDDLE CLASS! HOW DOES IT HELP YOU & YOUR WEALTHY DONORS??VOODOO ECONOMICS HAS ALREADY BEEN DEBUNKED
Senator Portman!  How can you say that with a straight face!!
Your staff repeats the same posts about tax reform. It doesn't appear your constituents believe what you say, but staff posts over & over.
TAX CUTS+WAR+TRICKLE DOWN =RECESSION.
Text reform is NOT abt cutting corporate taxes which will NOT create jobs! it IS about funding Education, HEALTH, Environment Medicare SS
Just stop! U r too funny! You all aren’t going to help anyone but the rich.
Explain to me again how this helps middle class families.
It can be a little hard to find, but it's right there in the GOP budget: $473 billion from #Medicare, over a trillion from #Medicaid. 
Sounds to me like you don't have a clue about this plan or how the economy works.
Show us an analsyis of Kansas' Tax Reform initiative that failed and hold some town halls.   You can't hashtag away lies.    Show your work.

The plan will benefit the Rich and hurts the poor & middleclass typical Repl BS.... All to benfit the rich. Your Big $ sponsors

Then you’re doing a terrible job at that, because that’s the exact opposite of what your “tax reform” is doing

Have you actually read the GOP tax bill?  It doesn't do any of those things.  But we all know you'll support it anyway.
Be honest. You're cutting Medicare and Medicaid to fund a tax cut for rich people, not the #middleclass.
You don't care about the middle class.  You take money from the NRA.  All you want is to get as much money asyou can for youand your cronies
Order a trafficked child today. Every child comes with adoption incentives bonuses. It's as fun as ordering a pizza. http://www.adoptamericanetwork.org/waiting-children/ …
"Tax reform" is about helping the Kochs and Mercers avoid paying taxes.
i imagine its probably the exact opposite of that.
You can stop imagining.
except this GOP tax plan. It's all about the top 1% The rest of us will get shafted
Will you guarantee that?
Fox
You are a liar!
Yes, theoretically tax reform would do this, but this specific tax reform plan helps rich people a lot and the middle class, not at all.
If you're going to screw people over the least you could do is not lie to their faces.
U mean "Tax cut for the rich 1%."  There, fixed it for you.
Bull shit, it's about not pissing off the corporations and their CEO's that give you money to think the way they want you to.
How about just telling the truth about it.We are not all actually Trump voters In fact we are the majority and we know truth about tax cuts.
"Tax Policy Center says 80% of the benefit of Trump plan goes to the top 1%" 
Show us @realDonaldTrump's taxes.

Yes it should be, but your plan does not. Stop the lies.
Please explain how government which creates no product can make a job? Did you mean you will forcibly take our money for someone else?
When are you going to introduce THAT bill? The garbage that you have now that you're calling tax reform is just a #KochTaxCut
How come it doesn't actually read that way? A true tax cut for the middle class would do nothing for top 1% to whom 80 % of cut is going to
"I seek but one honest man and your city will be spared."
But not tax breaks for large Corp or wealthy people giving Corp tax cuts doesn't create jobs if nobody can buy thier product
SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
.@senrobportman doesn't want you to know that TOP 1% receives 80% of TAX CUTS! Working Americans....   !!!

#TrumpPortman #ConManRob
Republican tax “reform” is about paying off wealthy donors and shafting everyone else. You don’t care about wages... or the truth.
