Your still not listening or allowing a voice from ALL of your constituents. You work for some or all? We noticed.
nothing like a captive audience ,how big of you
hey what r u thinking not asking for Trumps tax returns. His Russian connections would clear up.
wash post hasmore ties to russia...gov pays post to carry propagation page
again all white men assuredly Republicans. Meet with your democratic constituents !
It's like a bad Where's Waldo? of find the non-white person. Trump's America right Rob?

#PoliticalHack
nice all white cast.  And 2 token women.  How diverse of you. #coward #patsy
just threw that in there. Do your job ...  please!!!  Backbone time!
Congratulations on your whitefish catch. Broaden your net and fish for some diversity #truecolors
you have time for this, but not a town hall?
You appear to have plenty of time to meet with the constituents of your choice. The citizens of NE Ohio await a meeting
central Ohio is waiting for you too.   Anytime.
You meet with businesses and sportsmen. How do stay at home moms & grandmas get your ear? Town halls. But you won't have one
omg u must b kidding??? Why not call this a Town Hall too? u r turning a blind eye to @realDonaldTrump and his destruction.
.@senrobportman how much did they pay to meet you? As much as @BetsyDeVos did? Wondering what we need to raise to get "fair" representation.
SERIOUSLY? U surround yourself with older white (almost exclusively) men while ur constituents beg to get a town Hall?
you should hold a #townhall to reach more of your constituents. Don't worry Ohioans are poised and reasonable
.@senrobportman WOW! All white men, but 2.  Super diverse.  Lots view points there? How about listening outside your comfort zone?
Do you ever meet with people who aren’t white? Most recent photos of you seem to be lacking color.
How about a town hall to hear from your constituents?
what private sportsman club was it?  Just curious why your meetings are not open to public. WTH
What? A "sportsMENS" roundtable?  You must be kidding!
.@senrobportman Did you tell them that you chucked away their clean air and water by voting to confirm Scott Pruitt as Director of EPA?
Lots of diversity in that room. I'm sure you're getting a lot of different points of view. #coward
are hunters and fisherman more important than concerned citizens?  This is the message I am receiving.
how did you explain your support for Scott Pruitt anti EPA secretary?
Hey what about a town hall for more than just the white republican men? #JustAnIdea #doyourjob
won't have anything to hunt when the water sources are contaminated by oil and coal mining debris
what about family farmers? or your constituency at large?
.@senrobportman come out into the light, no more hiding.... We aren't going anywhere, we won't just dissipate while you try to destroy us.
so of course, you would naturally vote for Scott Pruitt... Makes perfect sense.  Sen Collins was only one with guts
why do you value listening to them, but not 100's of constituents that protest out of frustration b/c you won't hear them?
what about having a town hall? How much did the #nra pay for This meeting. Meet with real Ohioans : #oh12
we need our forests! Keep public land for the people.
cool. Let the old white guys know that with no EPA all their hunting and fishing grounds are about to get super polluted
And how was that echo chamber? Invitation only? Why not an OPEN town hall? #coward
Public #townhall? You know you want to!
when will you hear from all your constituents at a #townhall? #whereisrob
hand picked supporters I'm sure.  How about a real town meeting?
And still no open town hall
if you continue with this your next election is not going to go good , you will loss by a landslide.
how about the rest of us? How was this group chosen? By party? NRA? #DoYourJob
did you check to mAke  sure only registered Republicans attended?
Lotta white folks up in that room. I'm sure several tax brackets were represented. #diversity
have a town hall with all Ohioans, not just special interests. #WhereIsPortman
Shouldn't always do friendly audience. Seek out those who disagree with you. Find out why. Dig deep with focused group.
Maybe @SenSherrodBrown would help you pick a group.
I like idea of dealing with focused groups. Let's you dig deep on subject with people who care most about it. What's next?
allwhite so when do you plan on holding a real town hall?
all Trump followers is my guess...be nice for you to actually hold a town hall...many of us have questions for you...
Cincinnati wants a town hall meeting! Remember, you represent all Ohioans not just white Republican men.
cherrypicking the constituents to whom you will give an audience is a poor reflection of your office and the needs of ohioans
cool. How about inviting the rest of your constitutent to talk? #Townhall #WhereIsPortman?
Now that you got that out of the way maybe you can deal w/ the real priorities & problems of all Ohioans?
host a town hall for your constituents you #coward If you can't stand the heat #gtfo
how about you listen to us, too, Mr Portman? We need to see you (and not have to pay for the privilege) here in SW OH
looks like a group of suspected sexual predators
would be interested to see how you chose all these visits for this week when you did not have a town hall meeting.
NE Ohio town meeting needed
how do they feel about coal waste being dumped into our streams?
good example of an #EchoChamber now try a different approach!
Cute costumes.
#whitemen keep scheduling meetings #ExpandYourCircle
Bet you're at Hill N Dale, a private shooting club. Next time try S. Cuyahoga Sportsmen's Assoc where working -class folks go
hold a town hall. Your constituents deserve it. #fakepolitician I used to respect you. No longer.
looks like a bipartisan group, to a blind man!
How about a town hall and listen to everyone!! 
#sellout
hope you discussed how rolling back pollution regulations would make their kill taste so much better, like the best! #SaveEPA
Still no public town meeting? You just got elected. what are you afraid of hearing?
@jeniferrowens  
but you won't meet with Dems?  I would like to request an appointment to speak with you. I have concerns.
Will you listen to them when they say to keep coal dust or if our water?
The only thing you seem to care about conserving is corporate profits. You voted for Pruitt.
will you hold a roundtable for the lgbt community to discuss rights of transgender students? @GLSEN
How about hosting a real town hall for ALL of your constituents?
You are my representative in the US Senate. Stop hiding, call immediately for an investigation into Trump and Russia!! #NOW
Did you screen them first? Or is it assumed they're all Republicans?
conserve the north while allowing Wayne NF to be fracked to hell...
I’ll bet they told you to allow even more coal sludge in Ohio rivers didn’t they? Those sportsmen scamps.
Why did you support Pruitt?  Protect clean air & water.  Step up & face those of us in the Resistance
do you have a town hall for ALL your constituents to voice their concerns?
That's awesome. But what about those with which you disagree? Have you shut out debate w/o concern for groupthink failure?
what did they think about the mentally incompetent being able to buy guns?
they might want the environment to be protected -- had to fish in waterways polluted by coal mine runoff
how much did they pay you for your time?
Were all of them donors to your campaign?
Did they ask you why you voted for Pruitt??
how about talking to the rest of us
Ohio is not all white people.  Have a #REALTownHallNOW and meet some of the millions you represent who don't look like you.
um when is your town hall? Stop picking you constituents, let us come to you.
when is the town hall?
you should vote to let coal companies and others dump their shit into rivers...oh wait.
How many of them mentioned your vote for Pruitt was a mistake?
conservationists? What a joke!
You need to be in D.C. demanding answers to Trump and his involvement with Russia. We are paying you to do right by us.
When will you host your constituents? Come on Senator, we don't bite, but we do vote!
Amen
yes I'm sure that was a safe audience...
