The silencing of women is happening on the floor of the United States senate. This must stop.
Second class citizen treatment of a female US Senator but we are so thankful Rob draws the line at sex slavery!
He has standards, and you can buy them for $51,000.
Cheap really.Wonder how much an hour?We could definitely crowd fund for an hour or 2 in a townhall
Women not earning equal wages is society's way to tell us we are less of a person
pretty sure child rape should be prioritized before "Resort Violations"...
IT DEFINITELY NEEDS AND SHOULD STOP.  IT SHOULD NOT EVEN BE AS HUGE AS IT IS, TOO.
OUR GOVERNMENT, ALONG WITH GLOBAL GOVERNMENT, IS RESPONSIBLE FOR HUMAN TRAFFICKING TO EXIST.  THEY PARTAKE OF SUCH EVIL DOING
Repubs would block young victim from having safe abortion and then remove safety net after birth. Repubs obsess on SEX!!
citizens dressed and rallied together to protest sexual assault.Sad for you you equate that to sex
Thank you Senator Obvious. Now...say the same thing for climate change.
Totally agree! What else must stop? Defending a truth-challenged POTUS and ducking out of town meetings. BE ACCOUNTABLE!
You must be so proud of yourself for finding such a nice safe issue.  Are you against kicking puppies as well?
IsCrisis In Pennsylvania-and Philadelphia-A SanctuaryCity
I cannot believe we have a pathological psychopath running our country & u act like business as usual. Enjoy your final term.
THIS ^^^
why did you lie about being available to your people, you won't have a town hall meeting or anything.
A Secretary of Education without the proper credentials is creating vulnerable individuals that can fall prey of trafficking
The au courant term for you is "snowflake," but I prefer...
You are nothing more than a GANG Member of the GOP reading about your dirty deeds I guess you don't like job security
@Notmanipulated7 This whole thread is filled w hired trolls making neg comments.
OMG who do you think is paying all these "hired trolls"? We are Ohioans, are you? #Delusional
NM,just looked at your page and now i am even more worried about our state. Open a book
You and other Repubs protect the President & are corrupt!! It will eventually catch up with you all.  No doubt about it!!!
you know what else should stop? Russian interference in the affairs of US.  Support an impartial investigation! #Russia
looking forward to speaking with your staff tomorrow about eliminating barriers to girls and education .
So what are you doing to help stop it?
Rob Portman....best senator money can buy. #yourlastterm
Working to get rid of Rob Portman. Join Facebook group
"Ohioans AGAINST Rob Portman's Re-election"   https://www.facebook.com/groups/1830311753849835/ …

Children Chained to Walls and Beaten at Columbus Ohio American Muslim Mosque 
#Ohio #CreepingIslam #ShariaLaw  #America 
Shame on you for not having a town hall meeting. #TownHall
you supported a sex offender for president seems hypocritical that you care about sex trafficking all the sudden
Not allowing women to choose their lives creates vulnerable individuals.
why are you not listening to your constituents?  Don't you get it?  Do you think we will forget?  We won't, sir.
I know I won't forget.
how much will it cost to save our environment and vote against Pruitt? Can you give us your prices?
weeding out Dems ? They pay you to mr man
Thank you for taking a positive stand here
https://twitter.com/brontyman/status/834946675995136001 …
True? Bet you mentioned "courage" and "want  the best for Ohio citizens" in you campaign.
This GOP Senator Is Weeding Out Democrats From His Events, Attendees Say - The Huffington Post https://apple.news/Am6VyeMDdRgu2O_-Yyae4jw …
#Pizzagate is becoming more real every single day...
We have bigger problems, senator, much bigger problems.
Neither of you, lol! Just some truly disgusting and clueless people.
Strongsville, take it all down, especially the pedo-politicians
we want a town hall meeting, we have things to discuss! We pay for YOUR salary and YOUR healthcare, you need to LISTEN!!!!
His vote is worth 51k, so we could easily pay for an hour or two
does you wife know about your real transgressions...cross dresser
Are you trying to keep Democrats out of your town halls? That smacks of Germany in 1936. Horrible.
it will stop when "family values" Republicans stop paying for it!
You'd better start listening to ALL citizens of Ohio. You better LISTEN or kiss your political career goodbye. UR going down.
and yet you silence your constituents by rescinding the tickets THEY PURCHASED? What are you afraid of senator?
Real brave of you to cancel tickets of people that might not agree with you.  What a man you are.
You are right this is terrible! And defunding planned parenthood won't help either.
We need an independent investigation of The Russian influence, this was an act of war.
tryin to save face ISNT workin When n where is ur town hall Rob, u dont have the BALLS, do u? ADDRESS THE REAL PROBLEMS
Sen Portman is a problem that is happening all across Ohio. This must stop.
#MILO Do you support pedophiles? At this point I have to assume you do.  Not to mention #treason #dirtywater #pollutedair
https://www.google.com/amp/s/bc.marfeel.com/amp/www.nationalreview.com/corner/436890/did-donald-trump-and-jeffrey-epstein-rape-13-year-old-girl?client=safari …
The Billionaire Pedophile Who Could Bring Down Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton http://thebea.st/297inhh  via @thedailybeast
Apparently Treason is ok. doesn't make the cut for him to address
where's our townhall meeting?  Accountability to your constituents...
It's horrific. Look forward to hearing more on your work on this.
you did it again.Do not come back to Ohio with your tail between your legs when this administration fails.
What about Russia? All we care about right now.Do the right thing.The world is watching.
USA OVER PARTY. Find the truth about Trump's Russian ties protect America #WorseThanWatergate #USAisfirst #russiangate
Complicit in the ruination of our nation.
thanks Rob. I don't need a clean environment to raise my kids. I was smart enough to not have any because of dickheads lk U.
Marion's drug epidemic is probably part of this. ? can't the police get the drug kings / just the addict? We need help here!
how about a town hall so we can talk about this? I know you're free next week
NO to PRUITT.  Coal industry was regulated because it caused illness and death. Look at China. Air unbreathable. #realnews
That's not the only thing that has to stop. Hint: It's orange, but definitely not good to eat.
Please, vote against Scott Pruitt to head the EPA. We have enough problems without creating new ones.
Call me Collin: The diary of a sex trafficked boy http://po.st/5rgEMO   via @po_st @CommDigiNews #breakthesilence
thank you for bringing attention to this.
please amend the family movie act to include streamed filtering. #savefiltering
what will you do about the Russian puppet in the Whitehouse?
investigate Russia and 45!
Sad&hopefully something is done.Where do u stand Mr.Portman on TRUMP&THE RUSSIANS?
Using this issue while U & your party rob & cheat the middle class. U vote for pay2play crony capitalism / DeVos / Tillerson.
I'm one of the people who's been calling your office a lot lately, but on this issue, I agree w/ you and admire your advocacy
More worried about Russian spy ships just off our shores.  Where are your priorities Senator?
Again, WHERE is your fight for funding of #VAWA ? All talk, no action! #whereisportman
, sex trafficking is bad, bigly bad. But you cannot champion this cause and support a Muslim ban w/out being a hypocrite.
spoke to your office today about Flynn. How you feeling now?  Trump knew weeks ago. And yet you follow them.
Full movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnYPUra97BA …
This should be a wake up call to negative commenters http://www.cleveland.com/court-justice/index.ssf/2017/02/cleveland_man_who_ran_online_c_1.html …
This is terrifying. What is being done to stop this and save these women?
@ekdeplorable Good!!! And don't you dare turn blind eye on the swamp and links to Podesta, Haiti, orgy island and the rest
@ThomasBernpaine WORLD WIDE.
Rumor in Columbus, is that local Jeff Epstein is using  cargo terminal at former Rickebacker AFB for "pleasure" trips.
good thing you have his one badge of honor since you're essentially useless on all other human well-being issues...
@Notmanipulated7 #Pizzagate must be stopped!
Stop taking money from the makers of Narcan.
how about a meeting in Lorain County???
You people in the comments are disgusting. Nothing more important than a stop to sex traffic.Since DJT more arrests than ever
You can start by putting a stop to #pizzagate #pedogate Ohio should be worried about Toledo as well
and insecure wanna be bully!! You know it but you are too coward to resist. Stand up for the people Portman!
showing his taxes. This is who you support Portman. A person who represents the most powerful country in the world is a liar
can careless about the people being equally represented by a diverse WH. He can careless being honest and transparent by not
Yes, sex trafficking must stop! So does your support of Donald Trump! He has shown he can careless how women are treated. He
Snooze. Wake when you have something important to say. #Resist
How about a town hall in 43081?
If only someone could address the systemic issues which plague these communities. But bandaids are good too.
How about a Town Hall?  Your constituents would love to hear from you about this and other serious topics.
Ignoring Putin's collusion with Flynn, Pence and Trump should be your 1st priority!
absolutely. You must also STOP ignoring your constituents. We would like to meet with you. Date, time, place??
Marion is a small town? You've been there before, right? (side note--there are actually no towns in Ohio)
.@senrobportman When was the last time you spoke with more than two constituents in public? Need a 2016 calendar? #ithoughtso
If you care so much about well being of women, include free checkups & birth control in whatever replaces ACA
Your vision must affected by his orange glow. #45 used a public dining area as a secure site. Diners posted on social media.
so many more pressing issues.  This is like your faux liberal cause.
The high unemployment in Ohio must stop. Have you paid any attention to the 9.6% in southern OH? Let me help you out.
YES + there's no ignoring the connection, unemployment & sex traff-ing #TreatingSymptonsWillNotKillTheDisease
Russia, Flynn, Bannon INVESTIGATIONS NOW. WORK ON THIS.
this is all tied to a broken immigration system as well.  Thank you for your tireless efforts to combat this blight
yeah this is a much bigger problem than 27,000,000 people without healthcare.
Yeah... Equation comparing correlation between worthy tweet & # of followers = zero #ItsJustMath
Touche & in fairness, prob more like 50... (Think some of mine 'could be' Eastern-euro prostitutes &/or get rich scammers? )
prohibition doesn't work and just creates black markets. Legalize and regulate vices to reduce this sort of thing
please hold a townhall in Cincinnati.  45044. #WhereIsPortman
while trafficking is real and urgent. What are you doing about Russia?  Call for an investigations?
OH Rep. Steve Stivers TeleTownHall tomorrow, Feb 14 at 7:15PM.    Call Aaron or Sara at the Hilliard office - 614-771-4968.
town halls occur in cities like Columbus, Dayton & communities all over Ohio...or at least they use to.  #PortmanTownHall
what, are you buying in those citoes
