out for our best interests . I have a 4 year old daughter . School is looming
I commend you for your work on this very important issue!
@MissingKids @IAmJaneDoeFilm you a Senator had to watch a damn movie 2 realize the lawlessness of this country for last 8 yrs
I'm sure if your GOP buddies were for it you'd give them your vote. #doyourjob #senatorforsale
LIES!
what about us Janes
my dream was to buy a small small house and live modestly.. that looks grim
Sen Portman sold his vote for $51,000!
OK, so now it's time to stand up for women on your own Senate floor. Please do it now, Sen. Portman.

Thank you for your important work in this effort Senator Portman.
I work hard and it's still not enough . There are many of us . We vote with hopes that that person will look
Your email explaining why you voted to confirm DeVos has an error in grammar. Ask your new Sec of Education to correct it.
I am JaneDoe. I'm blessed to have been born in Ohio with good parents that kept me safe.
did you vote for Sessions too? You are the worst thing to ever happen to the people of Ohio.
tickets ironically were $51k each!!
Please note NO on the Betsy DeVos nomination. She is unqualified. Our children deserve better. So do we.
troll
@MissingKids @IAmJaneDoeFilm  #NationalPizzaDay  to end Human Trafficking
let's all thank @SenSherrodBrown for sticking up for Cincinnati today
what are you proposing to address this issue?
IDEA, info site for parents if kids with disabilities is shut down.  Why?
Coffee with constituents cancelled??  Where's our town hall #DoYourJob
. What took you so long to get involved in this?
I am a liberal Democrat & proud @senrobportman is with #IamJaneDoe children. In theaters now.
how about being one Republican with a backbone in regards to this president and white house staff
Why aren't you asking for Trump's tax returns? Looks like he paid you off too. You used to be respectable.
What about the bigot you helped put in the justice department?
51,000 to sell out! I'll make sure you don't get back in next round! Hope you make it on 51k!! #sellout
Enjoy your last term. #DeVosvote
The GOP just whored out your votes for #PaytoPlay #BetsyDeVos ...would be funny if it weren't so sad.

yeah and u took $50000 from Devos.  She will destroy public education.  Hope u spend that money wisely
Oh. And vote against Sessions.
explain your vote to shut up your colleague & my hero Elizabeth Warren for quoting widow of slain civil rights hero. Explain!
cannot get through to your offices by phone. Poor representation. Vote NO ON Sessions and Pruitt. #stopsessions #StopPruitt
Guess there were 53,000 reasons to vote for her...
You voted for DeVos, who is uniquely unqualified for the job. I bet you'll vote a racist in as Attorney General next
Are your phone lines still exploding? Of course they are. They aren't calling to support DeVos. You let us down

you know what helps prevent human trafficking? EDUCATION!
.@senrobportman $51,000 the price of your gay son and all of our gay kids. Shame on you.
.@senrobportman how do you feel today after selling out your gay son and all of our gay kids?
I am pretty sure every senator agrees that human trafficking is bad. I'm surprised you agree education should be bad.
you have shamed Ohio by voting for DeVos. How can you sleep at night knowing she bought your vote? Beyond disappointed in you
-you know what else contributes to the sex industry?  Lack of quality education.  You have sold out our kids for 51K.
You sold out Ohio's children for 2.8 cents a piece. You're deplorable.
you sold us out.
DeVos is comfirmed...
blatenly ignored your constituents. Hope the money was worth it.
shedding some light on your DeVos vote

Our cover on Nadia Murad, a former sex slave brave enough to fight ISIS. @realDonaldTrump would ban her from the USA
http://bit.ly/2k0jZNR  
Hiding behind this issue while you undermine the country is sickening and cruel.
How much would it cost for you to look the other way on sex trafficking like you did our public schools?
If only you cared this much about people when they are in school.
.@senrobportman so if I raise $50,001 for your next campaign - you'll vote how I say, not the will of the people? Good to know.
Don't care that you went to the movies. You voted against our kids today. Nothing else matters. Kids first!
and then you voted for DeVos. Shame on your greedy heart. This republican will remember.
Wow! Just read that you sold out the children of America! Hypocrite!
you know what helps reduce that from happening?? EDUCATION you sell out

#BetsyDevos-our new Ed Sec has a $5.3M fine SHE STILL OWES-for breaking election laws in OH

#dworkinreport #resist #devos #stopdevos #trump 
you know what also helps young women? PROPER EDUCATION. And you voted against that today #NotoDeVos
Since you voted for DeVos, do you plan to ask her for the money she owes Ohio, or will you let that slide?
Great job ignoring the very people you are supposed to represent. You are a disappointment and a failure.
you had no interest in the sex trafficking problem in Ohio until you could use it for reelection.  GTFOH.
wow! You had time to fuck up my kid's education and see a movie. Must be nice
just lost so many conservative votes. Why did you not do what your Ohio constituents have overwhelmingly asked you to do?!
You are so disappointing!  The most vocal your electorate has been in years and you sell out for $51,000 & go against them
You sir are a party line lackey. Good to know that your vote can be so easily bought. Selling out our children for $51,000.
OK Portman, keep deflecting. Think we won't notice that you voted for DeVos? Right out of the Trump playbook
Too bad you won't do anything to help stop it unless someone buys you off first. Like everything else.
Shame on u. U don't have Ohio's back when you put DeVos in charge of our education system. #yourvotewillberemembered
you sold out Ohio's children
glad your watching movies and ignoring your constituents. Spineless. (1/2)
hope your boss DeVos gives you a job soon. You won't win again in Ohio. It's clear who you work for, and it's not us. (2/2)
enjoy your last term as senator. We will all remember that Betsy bought you. #nointegrity
https://twitter.com/nwlc/status/829019749526994944 …
so so disappointed.  I thought you were better than this.  #DeVosvote
no on DeVos!!
After children are rescued from sex trafficking they will need a solid education. Please vote #NoDeVos 43017
wow.....Betsy Devos has bought you. We will remember your betrayal at election time...#noDevos
listen to your constituents who vote for you.  No on Devos
Wow. Let's shed light on the crime against our education system when you confirm @BetsyDeVos
since your voicemail is full, please vote no on Devos. #DumpDevos
please be that one Republican male who is not afraid to stand up for public education. Vote no on Devos. Cleveland Oh 44106
78512 polled constituents don't care about that film Education is not for sale! #NoDeVos #FireGOP #RecallGOP
#noDevos
The amt of $ Betsy DeVos gave Portman. Portman will support her today. #BetsyDeVos #teacher#payforplay
you see the will of the people of OHIO..its NO on DEVOS; if you vote yes you have no right to be our senator
How about the crime of neglecting the children of Ohio even though educators think she is horrible for education? #NotoDeVos
Please vote NO for the ridiculously unqualified @BetsyDeVos American children deserve better and I know you have to agree!
break time is over, sir.  please head to the Senate chamber and vote NO ON DEVOS.
#endDevos
Please vote NO on DeVos... do what is right for our kids and their future!
your constituents want a no vote on DeVos.  Show our daughters that men can have integrity too.
.@senrobportman How about that $51k that Betsy DeVos bought your vote with? #duckyourconstituents #paytoplay #businessasusual
standing against trafficking is admirable so is standing against sexually assault as locker talk -ya know who I mean
Stand up for OH children and vote NO on DeVos!!
Still planning to rubber-stamp DeVos?
thank you for working toward ending human trafficking now step up and vote no on historically unqualified Devos
starting a gofundme for you, so I can buy a vote!  So excited about the possibilities of getting to vote in the senate!
Best way to prevent crime? Education. Vote no on Devos.  #kids #future
I am grateful for your concern about these issues, but deeply troubled by your commitment to vote yes on DeVos.
It's almost like there's a lesson to be learned here... What could it possibly be?
This is very very important. Thank you for taking it very seriously.
An important issue that we are glad you are paying attention to. Now, today, vote NO on DeVos! #noDevos
I applaud your work on this and opiate crisis. If youre a man of integrity, youll apply same thoughtfulness to DeVos. Vote NO
then you will understand why Rob Portman is ignoring you. Follow him and protest everything he does loudly. Townhalls r fun.
Finally, look at the profiles of those harassing people and see how many self identify as racist, misogynistic, alt-right etc
Now make certain Betsy DeVos does not get approved!  #notrightforOhio
I also suggest Ohioans count how many people comment negatively to those asking for a "NO" vote.
I suggest Ohioans look at how many people have asked for a response and how many have asked for a NO vote on DeVos.
vote #NoonDeVos and give girls a good education and arm them against trafficking
I'm glad that you're taking notice of this important issue-but you still need to vote NO on DeVos #noDevos  #DumpDevos
how about you agreed some light on the crimes on Betsy DeVos? She is wrong for America. Wrong for children.NO
Maybe that’s a good movie, but maybe you should be in the Senate saying #NoDeVos instead?
Wow! DeVos owes $5 mil in fines for breaking OH election laws, and you're voting to confirm!
Letter from 5 US Sens asking #BetsyDeVos to pay her $5.3M fine-for breaking election laws in Ohio

#dworkinreport #resist #devos #stopdevos 
okay time to vote no on DeVos now
Go turncoat, go.
This is a great cause, you can do one better voting No for Devos
Please find it in your heart to vote #NoOnDeVos The vast majority on both sides are against her. Think of our children.
Senator it is time for you to stand up #noDevos. Accountability matters. Education is too important for Ohio. #holdthefloor
vote no on DeVos
Vote no on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos!
you haven't said why would you vote yes ( $) to DeVos, but many reasons for a no vote. Listen to us, we dont want her.
glad you enjoyed the film. Now how about voting NO on Betsy DeVos? You're supposed to be representing US - do your job.
I hope you realize that access to quality education is necessary to protect vulnerable persons from trafficking.
#NoDevos ! Our sons and daughters deserve better than an unqualified lobbyist buying votes. Stand up!
I wish you wouldn't sell out kids education out for the campaign contributions you received from DeVos! Pls vote No on her!!!
what about the horrific crime of getting paid $51,000 by devos for your vote. #ohioneedsbetter
Betsy Devos should be paying Ohioans back before getting your vote. Vote No.  and yes #endtrafficking it's aweful.
All social evils that you are fighting against can be fought with a good education system. Please vote NO on DeVos
You've been so focused on this that you may not have realized your constituents are asking you to vote #NotoDeVos #listen
- horrific, just like a YES vote for #devos , listen to your constituents and prove you can't be bought
Ohio First DeVos No. maybe you too, r in pocket of Mercer family? Rep Issa open inv
Now that you are out of film, please listen to your voicemails and return my call. No DeVos. #IAmYourConstituent 43209
read Glass houses by Alexander to find out why jobs gone from small towns in Ohio
#VoteNoDevos
watch the hearing - oppose devos.
Is that why you weren't answering any of your phones when we've been calling & calling to ask you to #DumpDeVos ?!
good god !!! What is wrong with you
The crime is your willingness to support an EdSec who doesn't even know about the IDEA.  

#RejectDeVos
I'm glad you care about young women's futures, @senrobportman. Making sure they have access to good public schools can help. #DumpDevos
Ohioans have spoken, vote against DeVos. This isn't dem v rep, this is qualified v unqualified. She is unqualified.
 faces an existential Constitutional crisis and you remain 
#NotoDeVos Do not vote her in. She is grossly unqualified. #savepublicschools
NO to DeVos 43206
You know voting for Betsy DeVos is wrong. How many compromises will be enough?
do you know one way to help stop human trafficking? Support education. #dumpdevos
VOTE No for DeVos.
wonderful! Now have a seat and see what your constituents have to say. #youworkforus #dumpdevos
please please please vote no on Devos. I'm your constituent (43054)
our school boards already have local control, ours voted for Spanish Immersion, don't ruin this for my kids
#noondevos Please vote no for our children tomorrow. 43214
Red State poll... Alabama. You wanna keep your job? I'd listen to the people.
Ohio's school district funding was ruled unconstitutional. Please don't allow the SOE to make it worse. HEAR US. #NotoDeVos
#HoldTheFloor VOTE NO ON DE VOS #HearOurVoice
story of the destruction of public education by an unqualified billionaire will probably make a compelling documentary, too.
TY for your work on this import. issue. Betsy wont protect female students: #NoDeVos
Oh, and I got you a year's subscription to @TeenVogue.  Read it. Learn things. You're welcome.
Vote no on DeVos!!!!!   44223
Do not vote to confirm DeVos!
#EndTrafficking yes and #EndDeVos wants to kill pub schools to promote far-right Xtn-only anti-science agenda
Perhaps you could better help end sex trafficking by voting NO on DeVos and supporting quality public education for OH kids.
Vote "No" on DeVos - she is completely unqualified
Thank you for learning about sex trafficking. 

Now, please go back to the Senate, listen, and vote no against Betsy Devos.
Quality education is needed to support your other issues - opioid addiction and human trafficking. We need leadership here.
SO TRUE!
be brave, vote no on Devos.
Glad that you're standing up for young/teen women in this way. Will you also stand for their education and vote NO on Devos?
Vote NO on DeVos. Protect our children.
