Hear yea Hear yea
HOW?????? Please elaborate...
I don't know anyone who didn't get a job bc they're covered by their parents insurance. Ridiculous statement.
I employ   people who go to college, working towards a career and on their parents health ins.  Go talk to people more
that's really a thought out response. Yes I do and never once have I heard them say, I'm insured so I don't need a job
1 in 4 Americans under 65 have preexisting conditions.  You cannot simply repeal and put every family at risk.
@GerardBasalla guess people with preexisting conditions aren't Americans then? People will literally die.
Only 18% want an ACA repeal. @senrobportman and Republicans voted against constituents.
I'd like to know what your plans are for health-care once you & your fellow GOP members take it away from us
How will you ensure that Americans will be covered during the transition? My family and friends rely on the ACA in Ohio.
I was born and raised in Ohio and love many people who rely on Obamacare. You are threatening their lives and their families.
Curious about the language. Why "repeal & replace" - not "improve?" @POTUS has acknowledged it's imperfect law. #obamacare
please show us the replacement first. People before politics.
you had six years to make improvements.  You never even tried.
the way you voted just signed the death warrant for those with pre existing conditions.
AND be better off after replacement! #ACA #unfollowTrump
Put big block letters that say TRUMPCARE on a fix instead. The same morons who want repeal won't know the difference. #winwin
Please don't repeal without a replacement. Please continue coverage for birth control, preexisting conditions & young adults.
#OurFirstStand to “We won’t let you get away with it!” Protect healthcare- keep ACA, no repeal!!
PLEASE TELL US THE PLAN BEFORE THE LAW IS REPEALED! MY FAMILY DEPENDS ON IT RIGHT NOW. WHAT ARE WE TO DO WHILE WE WAIT
replace with what? please enlighten us. otherwise this just feels like a huge betrayal on your part.
Where is this new system?I hear all about u and ur buddies stripping people of their coverage, but nothing about replacement.
then why did you vote for reconciliation and for amendments that will deny coverage for pre-existing conditions? Betrayal.
Please make sure there is no gap in coverage. Don't let partisanship result in medical crises for your constituents.
why must you repeal and replace as opposed to modifying? When will congress stop the partisanship and work for America?
As a constituent in Ohio, WE need a plan in place BEFORE you repeal #ACA. #preexistingconditions DEPEND on YOU! #SaveACA
.@senrobportman Health care is not what you are doing, you're just screwing with the INSURANCE! Might want to examine actual care also.
please provide in detail how a replacement will work, how it benefits your constituents and how it will be better than ACA.
If you repeal, you must have a replacement at the same time. Anything less is unacceptable for those of us who depend on ACA.
I don't see any replace. I only see repeal.
What new system?!? We're all hears to hear what you've been coming up w for the past 8 yrs to "replace"!
What "new system"?? I'm an Ohioan and deeply concerned that you voted to repeal with no current plan to "replace."
Please make sure that happens. The way Ryan and McConnell are going, it may leave the people holding the bag. #ACARepeal #ACA
Wait to repeal until you have a replacement passed! Americans deserve to know what they will get before losing what they have.
.@senrobportman here's Rob's office #, His DC # is 202-224-3353, OH # 614-469-6774. Convince him to vote no later this month
people have healthcare. And our citizens are worth that investment 2/2.
OR we could keep the ACA unless a better strategy / approach is designed...of course there's an expense to ensuring all 1/2
replace it with what?
As an Ohioan and a human being, I am so disappointed in your vote.
It's called the Affordable Care Act...ACA....Obama has too much class to assign his name to it...so who did that and why?
If u screw this up #resign
"replace". What is your plan Senator? You are an embarrassment to Ohio. 960,000+ will lose insurance. You don't care.
There is no "new system." But thankfully the 1% can take an extra vacation or two.
being in the healthcare business I have seen many people who have been helped by Obamacare. Don't screw this up.
many of the benefits of #Obamacare majority of Americans want to keep!
Agee w so many of these posts that repeal of #Obamacare will put so many lives at risk 4 what? U HAVE NO REPLACEMENT PLAN!
Repeal can wait until a replacement & a transition plan is ready.
Don't you think you should ensure this *before* you repeal the ACA? Isn't that common sense? Where's yours?
you do realize this will lead to REAL AND ACTUAL BLOOD on YOUR HANDS. Sick people will get sicker. People will DIE sooner.
Actions speak louder than words. You say the right things, but still vote to repeal.  When will we hear a replacement plan?
665,900 Ohioans are being screwed by your actions
The ACA saved my life. Now, I will fight to save its. A vote for the repeal of the ACA means one less vote for you. #SaveACA
i am a constituent of Ohio. will the new system be single-payer, universal health care? or will you let americans die? #ACA
what is your stance on the massive tax cuts for the rich  that you are implementing through this repeal? #HealthIsForTheRich
we are watching you, and will remember your utter disregard for the lives of your fellow citizens in 2018 #ACA #DeathSpiral
please be responsible: no repeal without plan to replace!
.@senrobportman Please explain this to those of us with pre-existing conditions and chronic illness.
Voted down tonight in Senate

 Keep preexisting conditions protection
 Let young adults stay on parents plan
…
if you're not replacing ACA with single payer/Medicare for all, may as well not waste everyone's time/money.
You must be a complete moron to keep tweeting about this. No one likes your vote. Quit being so proud of yourself
Thank you!
what's the new system? Why repeal and delay if the #ACA is such a disaster? Can people stay on parents' insurance til 26? 
ARE YOU READING THESE TWEETS -
You should submit plans for replacement before repeal. Your are going to harm millions of Americans, who need our help most
When are you going to start protecting the people of Ohio instead of big corporations?
Then keep the pre-existing conditions provision. Make a plan that works for the people, not insurance companies bottom lines
(3) what car dealer is giving you. We could end up with a clunker. Repubs have had yrs to figure out a plan. What is it?
(2) We want to know what #trumpcare will be. You don't trade in your car w/out knowing . . .
We must know what #Trumpcare looks like before you repeal #Obamacare. Rates will go up if insurers don't know and . . .
how about you decide: #TrumpCareKills or #GOPCareKills there are kids in Children's Hospital right now who need their care.
Can Us seniors live in your office when you steal our SS from us .Tell the seniors your OK with stealing SS and medicare
we know @SenSherrodBrown stood up for the almost 1 million Ohioans who will lose health care & you did not. Shame on you.
This is not what you are achieving. My birth control won't be covered. Preexisting conditions won't be. You're failing Ohio.
When I get my IUD replaced next year, will my insurance cover it? This is how I prevent the abortions no one wants, you know.
I have a preexisting condition. I will never afford heath care again Voting against protecting SS Ohio so proud
Seems like this is an afterthought to @GOP
just remember folks, the ACA, aka #Obamacare is a Republican plan. Romney would have proposed the same thing.
Goal one repeal.  If possible replace.
All you have done is repeal. To not have a new plan in place is irresponsible.
and don't call it #Obamacare it's #TrumpCare now. And it's all on the GOP congress.
you own it now. If we don't access to healthcare it's on your shoulders.
#TrumpCareKills https://twitter.com/myeucatastrophe/status/819563089167269888 …
