I urge YOU to vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill.  It is unconscionable, and we all lose!  Get to work to fix what isn't working in ACA.
Who's accountable for your constituents Rob?#noGrahamCassidy #FixACA
And I urge MY senator to vote against the Graham-Cassidy bill!! Where is your Christian heart now, Senator Portman??People need the ACA!
1,059.
For fuck sake senator, you are willing to talk about literally everything BUT what your employers want to talk about. HEALTHCARE & TOWN HALL
Are you going to make sure that Ohioans don't have 3rd world health insurance? Vote NO on Cassidy-Graham.
I urge you to support bipartisan healthcare reform instead of #GrahamCassidy 
Alexander, Collins both trying, you can help
Your Senate colleagues are BUSY trying to rob millions of Americans of healthcare! Didn't you get the memo? #GrahamCassidy #shameful
And I urge you to stand up for your state and Bi partisan health care reform
Please vote no on the Graham/Cassidy bill. People are counting on you to do the right thing.
There's that word again: #bipartisan. It's a great word! You know what else needs a #bipartisan plan? Healthcare! #FixACA #NOGrahamCassidy
Perhaps we need a RobPortman Accountability Act to get to the bottom of why you are ignoring healthcare and putting Ohioans lives at risk.
Ok I'm confused, I thought you supported Ukraine, this bill would punish them, but we can get back to this
Let's talk healthcare!
I urge you to vote against #CassidyGraham #GrahamCassidy #Trumpcare its bad for Ohio. It's bad for every state.
Still no tweet on healthcare! Why? Why do you hide so much? Why support a mentally ill man as President?
gotta say Rob, no one ignores the pressing issue of the day better than you do.
How about if you worry about the homefront first & vote NO on the #RepealAndReplace farce going through Congress currently? #Trumpcare #SAD!
I urge you to work on a bipartisan fix for healthcare and to oppose #GrahamCasiddy .
Remember that Trump does business himself with China (which does business with NK). Will you likewise hold him accountable? Or is this talk!
I urge you to vote #noGrahamCassidy
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. American Medical Assoc. & American Academy of #Pediatrics have come out against it. http://www.businessinsider.com/graham-cassidy-bill-doctors-insurance-groups-2017-9 … #ohio
I urge you to stop ignoring your constituents.
I urge you to vote no on Graham-Cassidy, putting Ohio and the US ahead of your greed for Koch money.
Urging Senators doesn't really work that way anymore, I'm afraid.   I urge you to act on retaining Patient Protections and Affordable Care.
I urge you to vote yes on Graham /Cassidy. The folks saying no want a single payer nightmare.
I urge @senrobportman to act for the people of OH.
You are the intellectual equivalent of a "Daily Meditation".
Do u read replies because I didn't c any tweets In fav of HC bill. Ur vote? #coward #fakefoxnews
You still down with the Russia Enablers, though - right?
Please do not SENTENCE MILLIONS OF AMERICANS TO DEATH AND BANKRUPTCY.

VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy #Wealthcare
Bipartisanship is great! Unlike Graham-Cassidy, which is the GOP ramming something through your constituents (me!) don't want. Vote No!
Senator, Graham-Cassidy will take 9 billion from our state in Medicaid funds.  It will take insurance from HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS.  Vote NO!
Will you stand up for Ohioans, or will you slither with your party? Vote NO on ACA repeal and Graham-Cassidy. It is bad for Ohio.
OH will be 1 of the states hurt the most by Graham/Cassidy........
Why do you keep posting about everything BUT #medicaid cuts for the #disabled?  You are not listening or responding.
OH will 1 of the states most hurt by Graham/Cassidy bill
Ohio will be 1 of the most hurt states by Graham/Cassidy bill
Visual representation of how many town halls Portman has held recently:
I guess somebody entered "North Korea" into the #BotPortman algorithm.

NO #GrahamCassidy.
I urge you to protect Ohioans’ health coverage and Ohio’s healthcare funding by voting NO on #GrahamCassidy.
You better make the right decision next week... #lasterm
We urge you to do the right thing and vote no on Graham-Cassidy
Bipartisanship is good. Even with bills that impact 1/6 of our economy; strip $ for the disabled & result in 800K Ohioans without insurance.
#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
I urge you to VOTE NO on Graham Cassidy.
U changed UR view on LGBT, what would you do if your child had cancer and needed insurance? Work to bring down cost not deny health benefits
Do you have a bill to stop Russian enablers too? It would look a lot like the articles of impeachment
It's laughable to see you mention Accountability.

#whereyouatRob

#REALTownHallNOW

#NoGrahamCassidy
I urge you to VOTE no on the new proposal to meet a deadline and not put American's in an early grave. Work to bring cost down, not deny HC.
While you're at it, why not urge them to work on a bipartisan fix for healthcare. Oh, & have a town hall!
How do you feel about that NON-PARTISAN healthcare slaughter?
I urge you not to hurt Ohioans with healthcare .Why is your voice mail always full and why do you blow off Ohioans
Call his DC office, I got through to voicemail an hour ago. 202 224 3353.

Never spoken to an actual staffer though... 
Threatening other nations with nuclear war isn't national security. It's idiotic bullying & terror. You praise @POTUS? Why?
You're threatening the lives of millions of Americans with Graham-Cassidy... You might as well go along with Trump's threat to "destroy" NK.
I urge you to start representing your constituents, return my calls/emails/faxes, and hold a real town hall.

Can we get some of that?
We Americans urge you to work on a BIPARTISAN fix of the ACA
Bipartisan is impossible. Dems will only accept a single payer system. Do u really believe the gov will provide quality equal healthcare?
Actually most Dems are open to something besides single payer.
You are gaslighting us Rob. No one cares about this right now because we know you will vote to send cancer patients to bankruptcy next week.
WHY DON'T YOU WORK THIS HARD FOR OHIO AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE TO KEEP THEIR HEALTH CARE STOP SCREWING US HOLD A TOWN HALL
