everything but #ACA and #russiatrump  you have to do better Rob
Would have been nice for you to speak with ALL your constituents and not just the ones who agree with you.
how do I get a schedule ?
.@senrobportman so busy! No time for a real public #Townhall with concerned #voters of #Ohio
but not a town hall anywhere in he state
returned tickets to non-republicans for a Toledo event.  For the record.
no town hall meeting.
really, we need to Townhall in Northeast Ohio. We are not going to forget about this.
Please stand up to this president who is silencing the media and mocking democracy.
if you flip it, it still works silencing democracy and mocking the media
Did you discuss relocating Waterville compressor station to a much less populated area?
still no town hall. Your constituents want answers !
How about saving ACA?
nothing to be proud of if you didn't hear from all you constituents in an open town hall.
and how were your conversations with your yes men? Ohio is 51% women. How many women did you talk to?
How can regular constituents get in on this action?
No, you SOLD access to friendly faces at closed events. STILL no town hall, still no public contact with constituents. Shame
Special prosecutor for #TrumpRussia investigation
You talked on two topics you enjoy pushing. There's so much more you haven't said a word about. #DoYourJob
but no town hall. Coward
Thanks. Unfortunately, me, a constituent, didn't get invited to any of those events. We want a town hall! Consider it.
how about education, environment, health care, Russia? Work for all of Ohio! You threw us under the bus with DeVos.
She paid him well for that vote.
And yet... C'mon, read my mind: what am I gonna say? #RunaroundRob #TownHall
oooo #RunaroundRob ... I like that.
you are ridiculous.  They were not town halls.  You only met with forums that wouldn't criticize you.
gives new meaning to cherry picking. Disgraceful and cowardly
how many dems?
Thnx. Once back in Washington push for independent counsel for #TrumpRussia investigation.
here is what Ohio wanted : A TOWN HALL ! We no longer accept taxation without representation. Hear our voices.
I saw you at Alkermes a couple years back: keep fighting the drug addiction battle.
But no open forum and nothing on Presidential ethics, Russia, immigration, gutting the EPA....
But you were a no show at the healthcare town hall in Bowling Green.  Over 300 of your constituents were there.
12 cherry picked events across 88 counties... I don't need 2 pass a math test 2 know you have more work 2 do #peopleb4party
we need to Townhall in Northeast Ohio.
did i miss the townhall?
I am one of your constituents. have not received an invitation. None open to the public. What are you afraid of? Do your job!
Nothing about Russia's involvement in the election?
NONE IN CUYAHOGA TO MY KNOWLEDGE/BEEN ASKING FOR YOU TO HOLD TOWN HALL - SAD - VOTE DEM IN 2018
Greetings Senator. Ohio has LED signs on freeway that give statistics for car accidents. Can we include drug death stats?
It would have been amazing for you to hold a town hall in N.E. Ohio.
Any thoughts about investigating Russian interference in US politics?
need for you to do. Well I can only say one thing..we will not be ignored. We will resist and we will persist. This is only
town hall meeting with your constituents who voted you in office.  Now it's back to D.C. to not do what your constituents...
Sounds like you had an exhausting week with all those events.  It's too bad that you couldn't make any time to have a....
with hand picked participants! 
When will you hold events open to ALL Ohioans?
Too bad they weren't open to the "public". Maybe we should had a$51000 fundraiser then you would had a town hall.
you should feel ashamed, Truly ashamed that you have no courage to carry out the oath you took. You work for All of us.
But you cherry-picked your audiences to make you look good. It's time to stop posturing and start listening!
you know what would've been cool? An open town hall for ALL of your constituents. #yourepresentus
And ZERO town halls!!! You work for us, senator.
and still not one that proved you're not a spineless coward. Cleveland Remembers.
were any of the events townhall open to all constituents?
though I may not agree with you all the time, you're a good man. Trump is not. Your state and country need your courage now.
but none open to the general public, none open to your constituents who live in fear of losing their healthcare.
.@senrobportman we want to hear about healthcare
still waiting for the town hall about healthcare though. I've got questions for you, senator. #DoYourJob
private events that most of your constituents were not invited to attend.#TownHall
but no events open to ALL constituents. Looks like I'm a second-class citizen. Please reconsider.
why weren't these events open to all constituents? Why weren't they announced?
…is that supposed to imply that you are open and available to your constituents? Your broken voicemail says otherwise.
and how Steve Bannon has come to wield so much power on the Security Council
looking for some courage to demand a bi-partisan investigation into Trump's ties to Russia
You've cherrypicked every group you've appeared with to avoid groups with actual issues. Problems at the top need dealt with!
Boy you really trying to kiss ass after your sorry ass education vote. OHIO WILL REMEMBER!!!
Weird, I couldnt find you anywhere.
your constituents are worried about Russia's involvement in the past election. We want a full impartial investigation.
...in Columbus?
talking to supporter and donors is not doing your job. You represent more then butt kissers. Do your job
By the way, you sure did meet with a lot of white people. Ever think about expanding the audience?
#boloRobPortman. Last seen in photo ops with friendly crowds on social media.
And you still haven't gotten anything done  I use to like you and stumped for you until you became a RINO
don't forget @Skyline_Chili #crackers and #pandering to basketball fans.  #busy #sad
Cherry picking constituents does not let you learn about the issues important to ALL Ohioans. Taxes. Russia. Immigrants.
.@senrobportman Sir, in reading these responses it's clear Ohioans want an unscripted #townhall where both Reps and Dems can provide input.
would  like to have a town hall to discuss Bannon & Agent Orange and their assault on the press, and your telling silence.
Where were those town hall meetings, and what about HEALTHCARE? You are SO FAR out of touch...#LALALAND
except a town hall to answer questions.
Sherrod Brown has managed to keep fighting for progress on issues like this AND AT THE SAME TIME answer our ?'s about the WH
AND the gutting of the EPA, the LIES, fixing the ACA, the wall, Sessions' awful rollback- WHAT HAVE YOU TO SAY?
Where were these meetings? Why weren't your constituents invited?
You aren't fooling anyone by meeting with your biggest supporters & ignoring the rest of us. Shame on you.
I missed the town hall on our President's conflicts of interest and/or his ties to Russia.  Where was that one?
Does not want to face the music.
.@senrobportman And not one of your individual constituents had an opportunity to address you in a public, open forum.
Father of Ryan Owens—Navy SEAL killed in the botched Yemen raid—wants answers.

Stop pretending that Trump is not a problem.
Perfect way to say it-Stop pretending Trump is not a problem!
Good work Rob.
& keep standing up to Russian influence in our govt. 
Never give in to the Bannon #antiConstitution movement
With Republicans at small fundraisers. How about the REST of your constituents? Why won't you talk to us????
yet you couldn't be bothered to show up to the town hall we invited you to in Cincinnati or Columbus
But made sure said events only had invited guests and weren't open to all constituents. Pat yourself on the back.
also specifically disallowed democrats from Seneca county WHO PURCHASED TICKETS.
Can you say more on this?

a dozen events none of them open to the public. Hold a town hall next time you are in Ohio #wheresrob
means absolutely nothing if our country isn't free sir. History will not forget inaction
Still time to hit the Town Hall in Bay Village tonight.  Voters would welcome you there!
Why no Town Hall open to the public?
where are you watching the @XavierMBB game? @Danagardens ?
Now do something about it!
And yet absolutely zero events were public town hall events for your constituents. You're a coward. Do your job.
but didn't offer a single town hall to my constituents because I'm too afraid.
You held #zero of the events your constituents have been begging for. #REALTownHallNOW #doyourjobrob #doaneventforthepeople
But refused to have a town hall
But no town hall.
