Attending a grant funding workshop for Ohio cities and counties to assist with fighting the opioid epidemic in our state. More $$ is needed. 

"No hearing, no vote!" - constituents who drove halfway across the country because @senrobportman won't talk to them back home. #NoTrumpCare 
your zeal to fight this epidemic is in direct opposition to Trumpcare. PLZ help those in need of affordable healthcare to battle this issue
How is it a "health care" bill when it throws 23 million people off insurance? Cuts $834 billion from Medicaid? Defunds Planned Parenthood?
Are you going to preserve the Medicaid expansion that helps fight addiction in Ohio? Seriously, you're in the room, I want to know.
This is meaningless if you repeal the ACA, period. WORDS ARE NOT ENOUGH.
Fraud.
As an Ohio voter, I want to know if Medicaid expansion will be preserved in your secret bill. Please inform your constituents!
Where is our Town Hall? Why won't you talk with your constituents. How can you represent ppl u won't acknowledge? @senrobportman @SenateGOP
No vote for TrumpCare! It will hurt the very people u say that you care abt and u will lose in 2022. @senrobportman @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Secrecy is un-American. Let the people see the bill.
Apparently you too Rob....
Democracy dies in darkness. Why are you not supporting hearings on Trumpcare? Show some courage & support transparency. We deserve honesty.
#Showusthebill
Fight weakened by your cowardice to not share health bill, which could decimate the care addicts so desperately need. Be ashamed.
Ohio needs Healthcare with professional hearings/public input.Why are u and 12 men deciding this in secrecy?Ohio deserves MUCH more.Shameful
Watching @MSNBC Why support #TrumpCare if it means Less Treatment for Ohio Addicts and was described by @realDonaldTrump #mean #needsheart
I hope y'all are calling because it's clearly too easy to ignore us on this platform. Also text resist to 50409 to send faxes to our man rob
It is truly astounding how the cries and fears of your constituents fall on deaf ears. How can you sleep at night?
How are you going to vote on the health care bill?    My son needs health care.   Don't take it away please
Remember all Onions when ur behind closed doors working on healthcare in secret, with a bunch of other old white men
You're secretly working on a bill to CUT opioid treatment:
your one the 13 old white men we'll remeber who forced trumpcare down out throats
please vote No on #AHCA which will cut funding to address this epidemic, and harm America in many other ways.
VOTE NO
What you and your Republican cronies are doing behind closed doors is criminal. I will hold you accountable. You disgust me
What in the secret healthcare bill, Senator?  Please let Ohioans know.  You are supposed to represent our interests.
The Town Hall we wanted - from your Toledo constituents!  https://twitter.com/indivisibletol1/status/877197271334518784 …. @IndivisibleTeam
Town Hall with Senator Portman  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bBfuzzFlV0V5WE93ZHdaakF8MWVhS2JZUWtOcHJ4WComBrYi-3ZiAPOfcBkhuMF-TVlq3IabL9WjQicIYzyl …
@senrobportman save lives by voting to save essential health benefits, Medicaid expansion and coverage for preexisting conditions!
If you roll back medicare, MORE people will do. 10,000 deaths this year. MORE next year if you do this.
By taking them off insurance
Stop the secrecy. No on AHCA.  You are on the secret committee writing the bill and never address it. Are you ashamed of it?
What's in your mystery "healthcare" bill? Your constituents want to know.
Show us your healthcare bill
You will be voting to basically end medicaid
What's on that healthcare bill?
We have a right to know what's in the healthcare bill, Senator.
Save ALL our lives! Stand up to GOP bullies ramming AHCA through in secret. A broken bloody feather in your cap vs being decent. Choose.
Working hard to distract from the fact that 13 white Republicon men are plotting behind closed doors to give huge tax breaks to wealthiest.
If u really cared abt saving lives, u would not be hiding and rushing thru #Trumpcare. 
Secrecy is not a democracy. 
#ACA #ShowUsTheBill
Work for Ohioans in DC. Show us the details of Trumpcare.  Ohioans before party!
Please do your job and show us the health care bill
Show us the health care bill.
What good is this if we don't know what is in your secret health care bill?! Seems you're distracting from real issue!!!
I don't understand our Attorney General has said the solution is more jail time. What's the problem? Aren't you on board?
No one who supports this healthcare bill is interested in public health. Please speak out. Hundreds of thousands in Ohio lose coverage.
AHCA: No economist, no actuary, no regulator, no doctor, no patient, no scientist, no public health commissioner. Not a single hearing.
Not hyperbole! When I called Portman's DC office, the staffer was unable to confirm if any doctors had been consulted. Who IS writing it?
Thousands of Ohioans have already lost their healthcare and rates are rising, Do you really want many more on your conscience!
What conscience?
repeal and replace republicans in 2018/2020
I wish I could heart this comment more than once.
so why you taking the source of the money the addicts use to pay for treatment , medicaid .away from them to give taxcuts to the rich?
Senator Portman, you need to let the AHCA come out into the light. Your name will be tied to it. Stop hiding it.
Please don't pretend like you care about "saving lives" while not opposing AHCA. Your constituents are smarter than that
We deserve to know what's in the healthcare bill!
you're going to vote to cut opioid treatments
Repeal and replace....tax cuts
You are embarrassing yourself by refusing to address your secret healthcare bill. Every tweet shows you stand with McConnell, not Ohio!
"meanwhile, I'll write a bill in secret to exacerbate the issue."
weird, because your secret healthcare bill will do the opposite of saving lives
