I really wish our politicians would spend less time politicking with our money, and create better ways of understanding what ppl want
It shouldn't be that hard to create a survey where you ask Americans directly how they'd divvy up $1000 across programs.
Then, you'd be able to see exactly what ppl think the priorities are, including how much they want to pay down debt vs fund programs.
And Americans would know more about what their fellow Americans want, including how much they want a wall, or military, or a smaller debt.
Then vote against spending on the wall. Find other ways to curtail immigration and fine companies who hire undocumented.
I've noticed Kasich and Ohio politicians like taxing working class especially our vices. You must look for ways to bring jobs
I read a lot of tweets in response to u & there are a lot of good ideas. No wall, no fossil fuel subsidies, legalize&tax pot.
.@senrobportman  "Access to health care" is not the same at health insurance. 30% penalty if insurance lapses is not "freedom." OPPOSE AHCA!
.@PatTiberi  "Access to health care" is not the same at health insurance. 30% penalty if insurance lapses is not "freedom." AHCA is a sham.
You do that, Sen.!  Tax the 1%!  No more giveaways for the rich, no matter how much they donated. No on HR 36. We watch u!
working to do just that=?  How?
Don't cut corporate taxes, increase taxes on those who won't feel it, like *45 not paying taxes for >18 yrs.
We saved our whole life.But we will lose everything is one of us gets sick. Will You?
and so it begins the poor working people get the shaft
and not just McDonald's or BK but higher paying middle class jobs. Listen to Trump he has a plan. He has made billions.
Don't sacrific the poor, sick, and elderly. Raise taxes on the top earners.
if you want to keep deficits in check, expanding the world's largest military and building useless walls are not solutions.
how about starting by closing the NYC and FL  WH and cut down security and travel costs for @POTUS
spending billions on the military & a wall doesn't help our debts. Investments in education, arts & health grow our economy.
Yes, starting with not approving trumps budget. It's an utter disgrace
tax cuts are not going to help our debt. Especially for the top 1%
you should be impeached!
That is laughable coming from a Trump supporter. Increasing defense spending and cutting taxes isn't going to get it done!
legalize marijuana! Billion dollar industry that creates jobs, increases tax revenue and literally kills cancer cells!!!
So ur saying we shld grab our ankles & brace our heads against a sturdy structure? U ppl don't want to keep ur seat do u?
Make corporations pay taxes on business done in the US no matter where their headquarters are. If they can buy politicians...
in the US, they can pay taxes here too. Remember when the wealthy felt it was their responsibility to pay their share?
I bet those two policies (businesses and the wealthy paying their share) could put a pretty big dent in the debt
pro growth means 'feed the parasites on wall street.'
Thanks for the graphs & facts. However, your report doesn't mention what you propose to do. What is your direction?
here's an idea you in Congress take a pay cut you don't even work a full eight months give us a break
cut defense spending in half, saves ~250 billion a year. Would be a great start.
I would gladly take my tax $s out of planned parenthood and put that towards the wall. Stop flooding work force,wages reduced
-What is the GOP agenda? Dirty water, air, and land? You will all be held accountable for allowing such degradation.
How much blood can you squeeze out of Medicare, public schools, PBS, public science, etc? Enough?
You're hilarious, let's not build a stupid wall, that's not going to work and instead invest in infrastructure and jobs?
That pointless wall would free up a ton of monies.
by screwing poor and middle class
Budget says we can't ask single mom in Detroit to keep paying taxes for arts, but we can get her to pay for DJT's FL jaunts.
only when it includes lining your own pockets. We remember Betsy Charter School!!
by padding your own pockets and promoting tax cuts for the rich? Not fooling anyone Portman. #growaspine Fight 4 us. Not you.
Say no to corporate welfare
$1.4m from Big Rx, restricting h/c for mid class/poor, then tweet that your doing it for noble reasons. U R a Fraud.
remove the tax cap on social security a possibility?
why not end subsidies for the fossil fuel industry? Legalize and tax marijuana sales?
WALL=ABSURD! $$ to pub edu, CDBGs,a staffed State Dept, EPA. Wall useless whn sick, starving, uneducated, toxic water
no wall and shelving tax cuts and loopholes for the richest among us might be a good start 
I bet you will as long as you and your cronies get richer and the rest of us get poorer. Sick of your lip service. Lostmyvote
Midterms are around the corner
He just got elected to a six-year term
I know that... others will be up. He will be in a minority.
Rich get richer children/elders don't eat - Trump tax plan,  health care plan,  EO's - do your moral values say this is OK?
20 VETS KILLED THEMSELVES TODAY...Not immediately taking away their guns when suicidal/mental illness supports their death :(
WE DON'T WANT CHARTER SCHOOLS! Added $$$ for education should go to improving edu. in public education!
tax breaks for the rich to get richer! You are beyond a poor advocate for Ohioans....wake up Rob!
Where were you eight years ago?
if the GOP kills enough poor, elderly, or sick people with Trumpcare, we won't have to worry about the deficit or debt
yeah how about the rich pay their FAIR SHARE in taxes before you start taking money from grandparents and single moms.
so, deficits don’t matter when R are in power? You know what could fix that? Tax the rich!!!
as long as big corp doesn't get tax breaks, while wages are stagnant and middle class is subjugated.
You are owned by the banks that wrecked our economy in the first place. No one should listen to you. You work for them not us
.@senrobportman You mean you'll work to make sure health insurers continue to rape the American public.  Thanks.
why in the Republican healthcare plan a giant tax break for the rich? Why do I pay a higher tax rate than our president?
it's great to hear a @GOP senator address the debt.  No longer seems to be a focus of either party.
Howbout policies that PROTECT OHIOANS & OUR ENVIRONMENT? #REALTownHallNOW #savetheACA #demandpruittresign #denymulvaneybudget
can we please stop spending millions to keep our president and family housed in NYC and Florida? Why is this necessary?
Stop giving taxpayer money away to corporations. There's a good first step.
I expect that means you will fight against building a border wall, a huge expense that is unnecessary.
What that means is SS I paid into your going to steal More rich tax give aways
You stealing 119 million out of medicare trust funds to pay Insurance Co
Address US at #REALTownHallNOW. Address the #hatecrimepresident & #standuptothebully. #payattention #listentoyourconstituents
It doesn't look like you and Trump are on the same page. Your record suggests it is likely you will end up backing Trump
exactly!! Can't wait til midterm elections!
how are we going to afford to spend 20b on a wall and another 50b for the military?
better spending of money by military.
.@senrobportman not to mention, President also. Stop the costly vacations to his clubs.
By harming the country's most vulnerable citizens. Tweet yourself a medal, Senator.
tax wealthy people more...
Rob, when George W came in we had a surplus,tax cuts for rich and 2wars later debt out of control. No answers from your party
Mulvaney said on Meet the Press deficit spending for next 10 years.  Balanced budget when?
nobody actually cares about the national debt
how about making the rich pay their fair share of taxes.  Let's start there
