Here's my statement from right now: start working with the Democrats to fix it. Show a little courage.
Democrats refuse to work with Republicans
Republican refused to even meet with Dems. 13 GOP Senators incl Portman wrote the bill in secret w/ no Dem input.
How much input did the Dems allow from Rep in creating ACA & if it's so great why are Dems so panicked? They know it's a failure #letitdie
You're moving the goalposts. If Portman cares about Ohioans the way he claims to then he needs to work with Dems to fix it.
The ACA is working for this Ohio family.
Obamacare is the reason my great-grandfather, who is 94 and fought for our country, can receive medical care.
If you are worried about people's premiums vote No tomorrow Don't hurt your own constituents stop #Trumpcare #aca
It is working better than tRUMPCARE will ever work. Check out single payer healthcare. Works in other countries & is much cheaper per person
That's not particularly true. For the service you get and quality it typically evens out. Working on a chart now
Here's a good chart. Public spending on drugs has slowed in Canada. Restricting supply. It's like a Medicaid cut essentially
Obamacare is the reason my family's insurance has covered my birth control and corrective arm surgeries for a debilitating condition.
ACA is working for majority of Americans. Just needs to be fixed. No Repeal and Replace. Wealthy do not need a tax break.
You are losing the support of your constituents due to your lack of reason and care for our necessities.

Once Upon The Hill, bad health care bill.It stripped away coverage from those needing it most,leaving millions uninsured from coast to coast
Obamacare is the reason that same insurance covered my therapy for depression and anxiety after I attempted suicide two years ago.
This is untrue
No, Rob.  The best approach is universal health care.  Cut out insurance company profits and costs drop a minimum of 20%.  Do the math.
It's working better than any proposal to replace it. You vote yes, you'll be out.
You betray your party, so you need to GO
Liar. Obamacare has expanded Medicaid to about 725,000 Ohioans. Another ~ 175,000 would lose coverage in the individual market w/out the ACA
You can spout whatever you like but facts are facts. I work everyday and pay for insurance I cannot use because of deductibles.
And if you get a cancer diagnosis and your insurance doesn't cap your benefits?  Who are you going to thank then?
So your "what ifs" have more weight than what is "actually" happening.  Are you even in Portmans district? Seriously. Who are you for?
You think there aren't people in Ohio who haven't already benefited from no annual or lifetime caps and no medical underwriting?
You think the 725,000 now with Medicaid haven't benefited?  Don't be dense.
Ahh, so you are not even in Portmans district. You can be ignored. I have a vote
This one thinks Portman is a representative.
Thx for not repealing, but it's somewhat disingenuous to talk about it not working for some, when it has worked beautifully for others.
It's also disingenuous because many of its problems are caused by GOP. Start having real convos with your constituents, pls.
Actually
It really is
Hope not a bill that is a tax break for wealthy and strips medicaid.
Fraud.
Vote No on ACA repeal.
.@senrobportman vote no on MTP; domestic equivalent of invading Iraq without plan for occupation. http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/trumpcare-is-the-worst-designed-social-policy-in-history.html …. @Indivisible_WA8
Why isn't the congress etc all on Obama care?????? Healcare would be a priority if they were subjected to the same rules

This Ohioan has a great policy for her family, purchased in the exchange affordably. Uninsurable before ACA due to cancer & child w/ autism.
Please strive to make it work.
Repeal now. Then work on a plan.
It's actually working very well!You wouldn't understand with your income! You haven't even read the plan you're supporting @senrobportman
So... you're voting to #RepealAndReplace and replace it with the Senate's garbage bill? Is that correct? Can't find your remarks otherwise.
OBUMMERCARE SUCKS! PERIOD!!!! Repeal and Replace!!!
You are just another lying politician. You ran on repealing Obamacare and now when you can you won't. #lyingpolitician
Repeal Obamacare. U voted to repeal in 2015, government does not need to be involved in healthcare. #DoYourJob
Senator, please provide any real evidence that this is true.
Please do not #Obamacarerepeal without a replacement.  It is just inviting chaos.
I'm trusting you here not to piss down our backs and tell us it's raining. The #ACA needs improved, but the #AHCA just makes things worse.
Pls work with Dems as well as the GOP. Make the #ACA work better, lowering premiums & improving benefits. Don't leave us in the lurch.
This is great, but we must ensure that ALL Americans have access to AFFORDABLE coverage. Anything less is a failure.
Replace is dead so repeal or I will give my vote to someone who will. I will not forget when you beg for votes.
Jimmy Madison is a robot program
You are a mugwump. Your mug on one side of the fence, your wump on the other. 
#fullRepeal 
Federal government should not be involved.
Says who? It's working for many Ohio families. Does it need tweaking? Of course it does, why hasn't Congress been working on it before now?
You keep saying that, but we don't hear those stories on your twitter feed. Most feedback on these threads calls out in support if it!
Why do you start your Tweets with "Obama care is not working"?  How about "We must work together to improve the Affordable Care Act"?
Repeal now then you have 2 years to get the replacement right
Saw where u generally like debate...time for debate is in constructing a bill, not wasting time on assault on the citizens of ohio's health.
Say no to wasting another second on the current farce bring foisted on us all from behind closed doors in the Senate
Stop the sabotage of ACA and make its weaknesses stronger, together with the party across the aisle...it's simple, "Do your job!"
I wonder who these people are he keeps meeting with telling him about how terrible Obamacare is? He doesn't meet with anybody else does he?
in order to cut wealthy's taxes $7.9 TRILLION, need to cut MEDICARE, medicaid and food stamps. See GOP budget.  http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAoqWuM?ocid=st … …
It's ACA. Stop calling it Obamacare it's sounds childish. I live in Ohio and had no problem getting ACA and my deductibles aren't that high
5/ Please have the courage to stand up for folks like me, who will lose everything if this madness continues.
Are you changing your mind on repeal?  Hope not.
4/ And PROVE you value ALL Americans. Stop putting party over people; I'm begging you, as a person w. a life-limiting chronic illness...
3/ Work together w. ALL your colleagues to FIX the parts of the #ACA that aren't working; Be the person to start THAT discussion...
2/ #RepealAndReplace or #RepealandDelay have catastrophic consequences per @USCBO, Insurers, & groups like the AAP, AMA, & AARP...
@senrobportman Hey Liar, you're FIRED! Pack ur desk. Your pink slip is in process. The voters R escorting you of D.C.
Either is the Republican Party
Reading comments suggests that people in Ohio want FIX not repeal.  Vote NO on TCare and stop the madness.  Fix the flat, don't buy new car.
Medicaid should not even be part of the healthcare system. It needs seperated and funded as a safety net system only
The problem is that your concern is for a socialist program. Medicaid is a safety net program being used as a medical insurance system
And where is your plan?
Senator stop listening to your cronies and repeating their lies look at the facts concerning the ACA in Ohio otherwise you're a follower.
Do the Right thing Senator!! #Leader#intelligent#sympathetic #Trumpdidn'telectyou#singlepayer.       #BackKasich
Do not let the followers lead you down Trump Road.would be a no ball follower thing to do!!be our leader stand with us not the morons.
No more sneaky middle of the night mtgs to plan your repeal strategies. Above board. Work to fix what we have. Fix what's broken.
Senator I hope you continue to stand with your constituents and vote against any repeal without a better plan in place. #BigBalls#leader
Being undermined by Feds: not collecting tax, not paying Insurers, not encouraging enrollment. Hardly failing where enforced & followed.
It is working for a lot of Ohio families.
Boo to you Rob!  Work with the Dems to make ACA all it should be!
Stop sabotaging it and work for bipartisan improvements. Otherwise you will go down with Ryan and McConnell.
#GOP promised 2 #RepealObamacare.Now do it!
dude are you a fascist? Obamacare is. Repeal it NOW
Fix the damn thing don't just throw it in the trash and leave them with nothing!!
Build a SUITABLE alternative. But not something that YOU KNOW is going to hurt  citizens of your state. Keep in mind that Ohioans voted YOU.
Its sicken that you keep using "repeal" to satisfy your hard-liners.  Why can't you just be true and say amend and improve?
Who are you talking about? Every responder on here disagrees
Pls remember you are a co-equal branch of this government. You don't work for trump but you do work for us.Bipartisanship is called for now.
Let me fix that tweet for you Rob. @senrobportman is not working for #Ohio families. Here's his statement on how he intends to start!
We want Repeal and No Replacement! Let it go back like it was b4 this fiasco.
You will be primaried, if you don't vote for repeal!
Funny you mention people that have high premiums won't meet those that will die. Yes high premiums but also yes thousands will die, comment?
Yeah, we know. Why are you wavering on this?
Sorry not buying it. Yes premiums are high but why? Obstruction Destabilization funny you aren't mentioning that
we know this and why do you fail to repeal!?
You, Sherrod Brown, Joe Manchin and Moore-Capito can get this moving. Pull together to improve/enhance he ACA.  Protect Ohio and WV.
No Replacement, No Repeal, any delay will lead to much worse conditions for the poor, existing conditions and eldercare.
#spinelessrobportman
Oh spineless Rob, you just didn't have to vote for a bad plan. We know how u would have voted. I think the $382K would've made up your mind.
Looking forward to raising money , donating money and voting for your primary opponent next time.
Hypocrite. People elected you for a reason. If we wanted a Senator who we thought would vote with Schumer, we'd elect a real Democrat.
You choose not to acknowledge the vast amount of people who've been helped by ACA.  #RepairACA #SayNoToRepealACA Get off the partisan wagon.
You are not working for families in Ohio, stand up and get off this train wreck, like Senator Brown, do what is right!
They WHY vote to keep it Senator,  McCain and Susan Collins, whatever,  but you think OHIO wants another Year?  You dont get our anger- damn
Support #POTUS.
As someone who voted for you, I did it so that you would back @POTUS, not go against him. Republicans need to do what we voted for you to do
Annnnnnnd I disagree. Repeal and replace is not the way to go. #fixaca it took forever to get this far.
Please explain in DETAIL how Ohians were better off before the ACA.  700,000 more of us have insurance now, we all have more protections.
Oh for the love of God- ACA is working for OHIO.  Republicans are not and you are trying to make something that works fail. Do your job!
We need to get you out of office if you can't vote the way we want. You work for the voters not @realDonaldTrump
Do you want to be responsible for destabilizing insurance and knocking 32 million people off of health care? LOOK AT THE CBO REPORT!
wake up!! VOTE NO ON REPEAL!! #savetheACA #centeraction #healthcareforeveryone #killthebill #resist #indivisible
Fix it don't repeal and replace with something much worse.
What evidence can you share that it doesn't work. I suspect this is BS. It's needs bipartisan fixing...but don't be disingenuous.
Th ACA isn't working because your party defunded it. We need single payer
You say it don't work. Your democrat colleague @SenSherrodBrown says it works. Who to believe? How about stopping party politics Senatoe
Hi Rob just make sure that no tax break for the rich. I hate the way things are done. Need to stop with the earmarks which screw the people.
Stop complaining and be actively working on a solution power-boy!
This is foolish and irresponsible.  Fix Obamacare, don't start over again.  What's the matter with you?
Do we really have to call and write you everyday on this? Your plan isn't getting better and neither is public support for it.
So you tell us what's wrong but don't provide any solutions.
I am sick of hearing this lie. 45 is trying to make it fail.  Does it always have to be something new? Just fix the damn thing and move on.
So what have you done about other than obstruct and collect a paycheck?
So fix Obamacare.  Don't dump or undermine it.
Specifically how many #Ohio families Senator?
Nursing home in Hudson Ohio. Medicare / Medicaid the rugs we just  scrubbed This is how we force low income seniors to live
Yep @RealDonaldTrump, our low income seniors only get treated with love & caring Clean floors & beds UR programs suck. Love 2 C U live here
Really? I'm am the father of an Ohio family who begs to differ my son is alive because of Obamacare How many more examples would you like
We need Improved #Medicare4All
Call @senrobportman 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first& last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns #Trumpcare
Start funding it and it will!
Blah, blah same old message not much fact. My SB kept premiums level this year. Got to fix system; ins, providers, RX etc. Fix what's there!
You voted to Repeal in 2015.  If YOU had Obamacare you would Repeal FIRST.  Then REPLACE.
Keep Obama care! No repeal!
maybe not everything's perfect, but the fact remains ACA has saved lives. Ohio lives.
I appreciate protections we received from ACA & after 7 years of GOP obstruction, it's clear R's haven't been working for #Ohio in long time
I appreciate many of the points Senator Portman makes. Read his statement. He has a tough political needle to thread in Ohio.
Oh, and by the way, vote NO on John Bush.
Parts of it are working (no caps, coverage for pre-existing conditions, more ppl insured). Build on those & create better bipartisan bill.
It works if the governing party actually supports instead of continually undermining it. Massachusetts managed to cover virtually everyone.
It is illogical to keep a hideous plan in place to avoid "anxiety". This plan is literally crushing people & economy.
Repeal with 2 years to replace!!! If ya can't get that done, hang your hat an GO! Leaders take action, "no" is not good!
Senator, respectfully sir, you need to get out and circulate, meet more of your constituents.  And make HC work for All Ohio families.
You are not working for Ohio families.
His statement about premium rise under ACA an example of the "true, but" fallacy.  Premiums were rising much faster in GWB years before ACA!
It worked for me. Maybe people who know how medicine and insurance work should help figure something new before replacing it!
Then FIX the ACA...don't repeal and leave millions without healthcare coverage
Then fix it. You know you can.
It does not help that you are not working for the people!  I pay $1200 a month for Insurance and am forced to use #Obamacare self employed
Looking for excuse to not get a spine. #Obamacare
Your statements waffle and weave and fail to demonstrate any leadership in this area.
So cross the aisle & start working to fix it! Don't just scrap it, but figure out what works & how to fix what doesn't. Put Ohio first.
Those of us taking care of patients know better. There are fixes that need to be made to #obamacare but there should not be a repeal.
Trumpcare will be worse. We need a comprehensive health plan for all. There's a special place in Hell for people who vote to strip hc.
Already ran on repeal obamacare when you had a DEM president you voted yes in the Senate, now you can do it but you refuse too primary time
Isn't it funny how GOP women who were not invited to your Health Care Cmte brought down your bill?
Any word on when we're going to get a real president?
VOTE NO. Don't take us back to a time where if you had a condition or illness you had to hide it from Insurance for fear of being dropped.
Vote no. I live in Ohio and I do NOT want a completely unregulated insurance market. Would devastate working families
your wrong. It is working for Ohio families.
Reducing regulations and subsidies to low-income people DOES NOT INCREASE COVERAGE OR LOWER PREMIUMS. VOTE NO PLEASE
You admit yourself Obamacare helped hundreds of thousands due to Medicaid expansion. VOTE NO
It's amazing a dozen white men locked up behind closed doors could not come up with a good replacement
So nice of you to come out w/this statement once you were sure HC bill was going down. How very brave of you. ACA is not failing all Ohioans
Show courage and work with Dems to improve Obamacare. Don't blow it up and replace it with the inadequate   Trumpcare version.
How do you improve it?
So why did you vote for a straight repeal when you knew Obama would veto it?
Hope you weren't wooed by Two Scoops Trump today at lunch.
Ok, we get it.  Please start doing something to fix it.
Shame on you. Start representing Ohio families instead of the GOP. Do your job!
Thank you for voting "No" on just a repeal
I think #obamacare is working pretty well actually!!
In your statement you forgot to mention all the constituents that call daily begging you to keep/improve ACA and/or support #Medicareforall
Hmmm. Portman's not working for #Ohio families either. Let's repeal and replace him!
NOT TRUE. Obamacare is working for a TON of Ohio families. Taking away their health insurance is a cowardly, sick move.
but you can and, I have hope that you will fix what's broken, repeal is just politics!
Fix Obamacare...if you would have worked out what IS wrong with it over the last 7 years instead of opposing the dems it would be working
Your fault. Ohio chose not to fully participate. States that did, ALL OF THEM, have seen stable or even lower premiums. Spite is bad, mmkay?
Are you willing to share your research? Have you talked with Ohioans who have benefited from ACA? Would you work across the aisle to fix ACA
Blah blah blah. Promises for 7 years. You have the WH and you can't get it done. What a joke. Are your sure your are a republican?
We all know that it is fixable. So Fix it. Don't let trump brow beat you into killing Ohioans.
If it's not working for Ohioans, why are so many showing up at town hall mtgs to keep the services it gives them?
You're always vague, hiding that Republicans want to throw people off Medicaid & give money to rich. You sold our internet browsing history!
YOU are not working for Ohio's families. Stop using tag lines! We are educated & have everything to lose. Bring real solutions
Stop sabotaging it. It keeps me alive.
It absolutely working.That's why people upset that you and yours want to take it away.   It is immoral and unpatriotic to take coverage away
Obama wrote an article about changes that the bill needs ... so fix it now! #WorkAcrossAisle
Would you please stop sounding like a broken record and #doyourjob
Then work w @TheDemocrats @JohnKasich to improve it. Don't dismantle it.
Interesting @robportman was silent until bill was dead...who are you representing?
No need to blow it up it is fixable. Put on your big boy pants get busy
It's not a football team. You don't have to vote for one party your entire life. Reps/Dems  don't have to always vote a hard party line.
The only way obamacare works is if penalties for no insurance are so high people forced to buy insurance before food. Not very American.
Start working together to fix it instead of behind closed doors.
Your plan did not fix the ACA, it made it worse and is the reason insurers are leaving Ohio.
You better repeal and stop the Ponzi schemes!
I think you're being a coward ! What does Trump have on you? Better yet, what does Russia have on you?
Its not working and you need to repeal it now. President Trump trying to keep his promise and you stand in the way.
Glad you held firm and didn't break for Mitch, but how about Repair & Retain? It can work if you try
You say that while having been 1 of the 13 all-male committee members who came up with a prop that was no better than the House prop
You are accountable for wanting to take healthcare away from 23million people you were sworn to serve & protect

Eat shit, Bob
The Democrats are NEVER going to help with anything! Keep your promise do your job and vote for full repeal now!!! Or get out of D.C.
ACA was working FiNE until it started to get dismantled.  People will die - literally die without it.
https://youtu.be/eJmD7Fl5EMk  but yet you still won't vote to repeal Obamacare you are a traitor to the American people and your constituents
We don't need your 'statements' RINO, just do your job!
Vote for the repeal, the same thing you voted for before when Obama was POTUS. If you don't no more support from my family.
Insurers are leaving because of the uncertainty.   It is disingenuous to assert otherwise.  This is on you, and your colleagues.
So you agree with Medicare for all ? Great! Because I have yet to see a plan that would work for all Ohioans other than that
(a) It seems to work better in bluer states. Maybe we should figure that out. (b) Take a deep breath and reach across the aisle.
fix it .... you don't tear the whole house down because you have a leak in the kitchen !!!!
#NoRepeal #fixit #savemedicaid # donoharmtoAmercans
Your statement lacks any specifics. How will we accomplish what you want? Your job isn't to criticize, it's to offer solutions!
