I used to respect you, @senrobportman . But then you apparently lost your mind. Unhitch your wagon from that lunatic while you can.
POS in White Supremacist House isn't commendable in any way . That tweet was even beneath you , Rob
I condemn you for not having the spine to suggest closing the "carried interest" loophole. But you are a corporate shill so it's expected.
You commend a POTUS with no plan? Weird.
Aka my rich buddies need more money...
I've been saying the same things for years. He's not any more qualified to craft tax reform than I am, especially to help the non-1%.
Why do you still support this racist who doesn't care about anyone except himself
Oh... so a tax break for the wealthy is fine with you.  You couldn't care less about the average person in our state or this country.
...and also the Nazi thing, apparently.
Why are you defending someone who doesnt care about you?  He's watching the country burn while trying to sell tax cuts for the rich. Insane!
He's doing all of that for show. How can he praise a man who owned a company found guilty of human trafficking if he really cares?
Interesting...you can tweet support to DJT when he is giving tax cuts to the 1%, but mum on condemning his support of racists. Typical.
Yes, let's talk taxes. Mueller is working with the IRS now, right? You're all on the wrong side of history throwing in with Trump.
That issue of tax system reform very important but Trmp is NOT smart enough honest to support bipartisan reform IMPEACH
Wow, with all due respect, you, sir, are completely out of touch.
I'd personally love to give rob portman all of the respect he is due. How about it, rob? Real town hall? Probably not. He has no spine.
If you stand up to be counted with Trump, you're as much a jackass as he is.
Come on now . Even jackasses have some redeeming qualities . Twitler & Rob-bot have none . At all . Period
Glad you appreciate a racist and a liar but I wish you'd raise your standards.
Kochsucker.
shameful. you and him
Be your OWN man Sir..... commend 45?  Please.... NO.
@senrobportman is a nazi sympathizer & confirmed coward. Did Rob Portman receive campaign "donations" from Russia?  #RNC Traitors to America
You're "commending" his transparent pitch of false populism? You srsly have no idea how to read a room, do you? #TrumpTaxReturns #OutOfTouch
You are hopelessly out of touch or corrupt?Trump is advocating only for the very rich & corporations not for workers in Ohio DO YOUR JOB
Can't trust either of you. Trump only rallies in Trump country and Portman has fake town halls.
Shill. No courage.
You're disgusting. pretty obvious where all republicans stand now. You'll do anything to make the rich richer. Even sell out our country.
That's not a reason to raise taxes on the poor and give millionaires a break.
Just remember to give big tax breaks to the top 1% so the rest of us can be pissed on by the trickle down economics.
White supremacists and the KKK. How about standing against this madman on the White House? Or would that hurt you and your cronies wallet?
Selling out the constitution for money again. Commend? How about standing up against his pardon of Arpaio? Standing up against Support of ..
Since we are a consumer based economy i.e. A middle class based economy how are tax cuts for the rich going to help? Hint...they won't!!
Will you publicly call Trump and his family out for selling goods not made in the US or is this more #GOPHypocrisy ?
Portman has no spine and he only cares about the wealthy.
Why didn't you @ him when you condemned his statements on Charlottesville? You really could be a good person if you tried
Because he's a coward. How is it not obvious to everyone that Portman is a dishrag with no spine at this point?
If u want a juicy corp tax cut, then know that the Irish people pay a 21% VAT tax on almost everything. Those cuts come from citizens flesh!
No specifics. That's not governing... It's random talking points with no substance. Where's OUR TOWN Hall, Rob? We deserve specifics too
Beside the fact that it's a tax giveaway to the rich, You're a Freaking enabler of a racist tyrant. SHAMEFUL and UNPATRIOTIC!
Sad.
Let's focus right now on helping the #disabled people suffering under #Harvey
Uhhh y'all both are terrible regardless
Really? Use his name here 2 praise but not to denounce all the horrible comments &actions? What does that mean. Complicity @CbusIndivisible
Would benefit country?   Would benefit the USA. Same never of characters, sounds a little better.
( Will benefit )if the space is an issue.
Uhh ohh. More comments than 'likes' to your tweet again. You know that's bad right? Try harder. Maybe it's your views? Just spitballing here
But will you actually help get it done or are too worry about offending your establishment cronies
Keep on excusing the inexcusable, Senator!  I'm looking forward to voting U and your fellow pathetic Trump supporters the hell out of office
You are talking about tax cuts for the wealthy that everyone else has to make up for. You are just another Ohio GOP political coward.
You commend Trump.  You commend him.  While Houston is underwater.  We'll remember that.
Why do you even post on here? Have you read the replies to any of your posts? No one likes you. Go away.
Will he release his taxes?
When is he going to make an actual case? All I heard was pie in the sky.
remember, #notonepenny to the rich corporations! trickle down economics NEVER works.It DOES FILL your pockets with campaign $. MIDDLE CLASS!
He doesn't have a plan. Just talk.
This is the 1st time you've tweeted about @realDonaldTrump of course it's positive, you whites need to stick together!
Ohio deserves better
#NotOnePenny for the 1% it's time for your donors to pay more in taxes than they give to you
Senator Portman? You had me. You had me with you...riiiiiight up until this tweet, sir.
Get it done Senator.
@senrobportman Oh Rob, you are So Missing The Point that POTUS is completely incapable of governing at grass root level.
stop kissing ass.....simple taxes...ONLY sales tax.....food = 0 % . luxury items is 20 % other items 8 - 10 % .    simple
No new tax plan until we see how *45 would personally benefit. Release your taxes, you tool.
There is something very wrong with both of you...
You make me sick Rob. Tax cuts for rich people have never helped the American society as a whole.
They are drowning in TX right now. Could you not be a dick? Please.
You continue to be a disappointment. You are not representing Ohioans and our best interests.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Doing away with the deductions which help the middle class is going to hurt your constituents. It will benefit DJT & ur rich donors though
Commend this president?! That explains a lot! Too bad. Thought your were different kind of GOP’er. #Sad
U DO NOT represent OH. U are so far up @realDonaldTrump 's ass. No respect, cowardly soft handed wuss. Go share a sundae at Young's.
Probably not a good idea to commend a racist who colluded with Russia. But you be you
And the plan is????
Yeah it sounds real fair for me to pay 25% in taxes while rich business owners pay 15%.
Seriously @senrobportman?! The proposed tax cuts do NOT benefit the majority of us. Don't get into the clown car
I voted for a man to represent my state with our best interests in mind. I was wrong.
No, sir.  You should be distancing yourself.  This is evident. And not that difficult.
Panera is hiring.
@senrobportman I respect you, but kissing @POTUS ass on tax reform, after his horrible racism/conduct, forces me to question that respect.
It depends. We'll see.
President Trump participates in a Tax Reform Kickoff Event: Call on BOTH Senators... GET (OUR) TAX CUTS DONE! http://45.wh.gov/FPXU9N 
yeah but........
But nothing on our racist President.  Sad Rob Portman
You commend @realDonaldTrump ?
Where are his Tax returns??? Oh yeah, Mueller has them! #liarinchief
Really. He didn't say anything specific and we're not buying your trickle down!
Which deductions is he recommending eliminating again?

Yes, because that's REALLY top of mind right now.
Will you tell @AliVelshi. He didn't understand a word of it following Trump's speech. #alitheidiot
You are SERIOUSLY out of touch with your constituents.
NO TRICKLE DOWN BULLSHIT. 
No tax cuts for 1% and co
His tax plan sure simplifies things for the wealthy: they get more money. Not sure how commendable that is.
Dude, it's almost impossible to think that you don't suck anymore. Come on, give me something.
Likely...mostly him and his cronies.  Are you one of them, @senrobportman ? Guess your constituents ' feelings on that will show re-election
Please share your guiding principals other than simplification for evaluating SPECIFIC proposals as they reach a vote.
Thank you. Now make it happen...please.
I don't want to hear one word about taxes until your boss releases his...
Condemn. Don't commend.
can we impeach rob portman?
You commend a man who wants to give to the rich on the backs of the working class. What a jackass. Corps move over seas for the cheap wages
Of course you do ... your friends with the deep coffers paid you to. The other 99% say #NotOnePenny
Yet u are silent on Sherriff Joe and our devisive leader. I'm all for a simple code but the rich won't like it. They like their loopholes.
Can you hear us now, Senator?  Your constituents are wise to Trump's plan. We know we'll get the  end of the deal while your donors get
What a jerk. Do consideration for anyone but the rich. Screw you. I get the reason to lower business taxes but not anyone else. Times change
How about cutting 1 Billion from disaster relief, do you commend that as well.
so you are happy with a person in power who sides with nazi supporters?  No sir, IMPEACH.  Pst? Your true colors are showing.
Nothing he says is true. Nothing he does will benefit Ohioans. Distance yourself from him or you will likely face a primary opponent.
Commend? Are u for real? But u don't have the cajones to DO YOUR JOB which is to represent US over Trump! Loser.
How can you, in good conscience, commend a white supremacist for anything- unless you too are of that view. Speak out or share complicity!
I am seriously disappointed that you would commend him for anything. Standing with him at this point is being complicit to all of it.
Yes, but will you help @realDonaldTrump or stand in his way like so many of your colleagues?
Looks like you listen to him as much as you listen to your voters.
Except the tax reform he keeps talking about will benefit the rich and add to the middle class tax burden.
He is a evil nazi
good luck getting reelected with this trash agenda you blindly support
Please stop commending @realDonaldTrump for anything. Your reputation is already damaged for supporting him.
Absurd that a man that cheats-doesn't pay & won't allow anyone to see his taxes-is deciding others taxes!
But you can't bring yourself to condemn him and his hateful words. Bit of a milquetoast.
Please! You really want your name associated with him?
You are joking, right?  The list of commending is woefully shorter than condemning; at least it should be from our Senate leaders.  SAD!
Okay, senator, what deductions are you going to do away with? How do you treat capital gains vs labor income? That's what makes it complex

Then push for a flat tax rate. All men are created equal right?
Since Congress writes tax laws you have nobody to blame but yourself for complicated & burdensome tax code. Trump doesn't deserve praise!
Why so fast to commend and so slow (or never) to criticize? The list is long!
I consider your failure to denounce @POtuS stance on Charlottesville tacit endorsement of Nazis. You are indeed an embarrassment to Ohioans
Are you one of 1%?
Don't piss on my leg and call it trickle down economics

By this you commend his plan to give tax breaks to himself and the rich?
With this tweet your days of being perceived as a moderate are done.
Tax reform should not be for the benefit of the 1% of high income families. Any tax reform must help the middle income and generate jobs.
You don't fix the economy by giving tax breaks to the people who rig the economy to benefit themselves. Taxes are the price of civilization
You have no right to commend POTUS. Stop hiding behind his skirt. Have open town halls. You tweet and show business pics. But no THs!
Only if it benefits you and Trump.

How about the part where he said Nazis and not-Nazis were equally to blame for a Nazi driving his car into a crowd? Can't have just one.
That would be so nice. Too bad he didn't give the slightest how he would do such a infinitely complex task. Sort of like health care, yes?
Portman's got jokes
Ha!  Go command him. He likes that. You are all talk Portman
Ohio deserves better than this, Rob. #impeach
You really are out of touch, Rob. #resign
How about Trump's taxes? He must not pay HIS share since he hasn't released them as promised!! GOP = rich get richer & poorer get poorer.
Again you are showing support for a Nazi Sympathizer, Racist Conman. Tells us a lot about you Sen Portman. Want to go down with him maybe?
How about that wall, Rob? What do you think about that?  We sure could save a bunch of tax dollars by NOT building that useless monstrosity.
Yes, simplify the tax codes so that the 1% don't have to take deductions to get to 0 tax.  Put all the burden on working people.
Your commendation would mean more if you took a stand against the hundreds of things he's said and done that are disgusting
I didn't realize you worked for the 1%.  What's in it for Ohioans?
...and that Rob, is your problem.  Never commend this president.  He says one thing and forgets what he said or has no idea how to implement
You're really in the palm of the tiny hand, aren't you, Rob.
I don't see how you can commend him for anything right now. Houston is suffering and he's talking about ratings and crowd size. Despicable.
As an Ohio resident and US citizen, I am very disappointed. Tax breaks like this only help the very rich. What a sham! I'm disgusted.
Please release your tax returns and introduce legislation to force him to do the same. Once we've seen how your top %ers do, we'll decide.
That is like commending him for saying "I like puppies ".  What is the actual plan?
Oh you mean for the wealthy and rich!
Thankyou Rob for pushing for @realDonaldTrump tax teturns
There are many sides to tax reform, senator. Many sides.
Trump only interested in making rich richer. Trickle down economics has always been a LIE.
.@WarrenDavidson needs to understand this
You, @senrobportman are officially a turncoat. You have sold your soul (if you had one to begin with) to the devil (the 1%).
You realize @POTUS will not support your #opioidepidemic and #stopsextraffic initiatives, right?

#tool
Priorities: a thing that is regarded as more important than another. OR a list of things @robportman lacks.
How bout u and ur fellow senators unite to help out in Texas
More Lucy with the football trickle down shell game stuff.
What an embarrassment you are, senator
How do you support this man? He hates everyone except white men, oh never mind..
Not the time , he should be concerned about giving Texas relief
Gross.
You can't be gone soon enough! I can't wait till your re election you're going down turn coat
There is no benefit to middle and working class.
Lots of broad stroke words. No meat. HOW DOES YOUR "PLAN" IMPACT A FAMILY OF 4 IN DAYTON?  No answrs = no plan. #NoGames.
You got a subject and predicate in place, Senator, but then things just went off the rails.
Save It. You're part of the problem.
100% of your donors will get a HUGE tax cut.
You just voted to give 100% of us a HUGE cut to our healthcare.
Who do you work for Rob? Not me
I can't wait for the day that YOU are NOT a Senator anymore. You don't care about anyone but yourself. How much of that Russian money u get?
You commend POTUS for holding a campaign rally while TX & LO are experiencing a deathly catastrophe? Robby you are a spineless GOP puppet!
What's the plan? If it includes more tax breaks for those at the top, we can expect the 30-year slide of the middle class to continue.

This is about giving tax cuts to the top 5%.  Any other spin on it is pure lies.  How stupid do you think Ohioans are, Rob?
You are despicable! A huge embarrassment to Ohio. We will celebrate your defeat
