I don't have $50k to donate to you, so you prob won't listen, but please say #NoToDeVos #DeVos #StopDeVos
maybe we should have kickstarted it. Since we now know how much his vote sells for...
Maybe. Too bad though, I'll need to hang on to that money for homeschool supplies
And I'll use mine for educational library programs, which will be pretty important in a DeVos world...
Start by sending @BetsyDeVos a dictionary herself. And a copy of "Whose IDEA Is This?"
Yes. End trafficking. But I'm so disappointed in you for voting for DeVos. Will you stand up for NOTHING?
thanks for backing your constituency NOT #noDevos #spinelesssenator
Disgusted. 
by raising young men to not behave like our President treats women can we better end sex trafficking.
disappointment #neverforget
If the sex traders gave you 50K would you support them? You lost a lot of moral high ground on this one.
Ur a terrible excuse for a representative of the ppl of Ohio.  #DumpPortman #2022theyearyoulose
you don't care about young girls. Your DeVos vote proved that
SELLOUT
You sold out by voting for DeVoss. You are a traitor to young girls needing education.
this is what you tweet about? AGAIN? You have no shame and you have shown you don't work for Ohio. Quit pretending #Corrupt
if your staff answered their phones you would know how many of your constituents are urging you to say #NoToDeVos
Seriously. I got a live person on the DC no. for the 1st time last Fri but really thought it was just a mailbox line until then.
I finally gave up calling the CMH office and called DC this morning. Straight to mailbox :(
I've had better luck with Cincinnati!
Wweeeellllll, not if they are illegals. Worry, obstructionist, the illegals are coming! MGEDYAY, American Christian Movement
.@senrobportman Unacceptable.
If you really cared you wouldn't've confirmed #DeVos #Hypocrite #SHAMEONYOU Sir. #resist #standindivisible #byebyerob
can you please stop with the endless things you are proud of and support your vote for Devon?  You are a #sellout
Thx for helping tank this countr. I'll be donating/campaigning 4 ANY opponent of yours. U'll go down in history as a lemming.
By continuing your long life of a spineless, political hack your vote made Devos our next Sec of Ed http://gph.is/1STHs2q 
Coward! How dare you vote to confirm DeVos. We will remember this
Human trafficking is tragic and needs attention. So is gutting public education. No on DeVos. We will remember.
We will remember @senrobportman is a #RubberStampforTrump.  Allowed DeVos to #BuyaCabinetSeat.  Too bad we all don't have billions to do so.
#sellout #asshole
Do you know what else helps end trafficking? EDUCATION! Too late for that now! #BoughtAndPaidForPortman
I will not forget that your integrity can be bought for $58000.  Your constituents deserve better.  Shame on you.
@IAmJaneDoeFilm  so what movie will you see this  weekend?
sell out
just lost so many conservative votes. Why did you not do what your Ohio constituents have overwhelmingly asked you to do?!
totally disgusted with you.
How about Providing women & young girls with a solid education? You're nothing more than a Republican lapdog with a tweet bot
Disgusted! Shame on you for choosing Party over your what's right for our schools.
https://twitter.com/nwlc/status/829019749526994944 …
Thank you for working on this!
why not save our kids from Betsy? #NoonDeVos
You were voted to do the right thing in Washington so hear your constituents and vote NO for DeVos and stop Trumps craziness!
Also she is in charge of college student loans and PEL grants etc?  Am  I wrong ? She never had to deal with that either?
you know how we stop crime against young people. Educate them and vote no on DeVos.
You love to talk about your talking points!  What about what your constituents want to talk about?
you can help save girls by voting NO on DeVos!
education is important for stopping human trafficking.   Please block devos
Seems like strong public schools could be a major factor in fighting trafficking. #DumpDevos
Vote no on Betsy DeVos. She is wrong for Ohio and the U.S.
There's only one issue today. That's Education.  Vote NO on DeVos. #noDevos #holdthefloor
#VoteNoDevos
your corruption is showing through your ignorance! #NoDevos #DumpPortman
let's save more girls from crime by giving them a good education. Say no to DeVos!
Pizza vote no on DeVos
so brave to go against your party on this issue. Such a controversial opinion but proud you're listening to voters!
Oh wait.
#NoOnDeVos
no on DeVos
More important issues are why you are voting to confirm DeVos for Ed Sec and when can we meet with you? #IndivisibleOH12
don't sell out Ohio's kids!  You're a cheap date!!  NO ON DEVOS
$51,000 is your price to SELL OUT MY KIDS! What a disgrace!
Vote NO on unqualified DeVos.
my level of disappointment in you has reached an all time high.With a yes vote on DeVos recall signatures will start today
NO DEVOS!
-NO DEVOS
Follow the lead @SenSherrodBrown and vote no on DeVos. Notice how much support he's getting for his efforts? Be like Sherrod!
I am happy you're stopping trafficking. Now STOP DeVos! #NoonDeVos #NotoDeVos
Excellent cause. You can also save many more children's future by voting NO on DeVos today. Do the right thing.
BE ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF HISTORY.  NO to #DeVosvote.  Ohio's children deserve better!
TODAY'S ISSUE  VOTE NO ON DEVOSS - STAND UP FOR OUR KIDS, WE WONT FORGET YOUR VOTES AGAINST OHIO INTEREST
Cool.  If you could just drop by the Senate quick and vote NO on #DeVosvote, we'll let you get back to the movies.
Hey @senrobportman how about answering your phones for a change you puss! Now work for the people and vote #NotoDeVos !!
@womensmarch @UltraViolet Issue at hand, sen., no deflection. OH needs U! VOTE NO ON DEVOS #NoOnDeVos #WhyWeMarch #DumpDevos
She's OK getting rid of the gun free zone! She doesn't deserve the honor of representing the amazing teachers in our schools.
college sexual assault is a large area of ignorance on the part of Betsy DeVos. If you want to help victims, vote NO to DeVos
yes, such a good point!!!
#NotoDeVos listen to your constituents. Stop play for pay.
I just left a message at your Washington office.  VOTE NO ON DEVOS.  I reside in your congressional district.
It's all about money for her & what can make her richer. It's not about a love for children. She comes across as an elitist.
She doesn't support Title 9, have a clue about special needs kids. Hasn't worked in, been a student or parent in public sch.
You're OK w/her owing $5 mill to Ohio? You're OK w/her having ethics issues? You're OK w/her lack of exper (none)?
I see DeVos bought your vote for $51,000 along w/her nom. Disgraceful! YOU will be held accountable for her 
performance.
awesome, do that AND vote #NoOnDeVos
No on DeVos
there are republican educators watching what you do with Devos I am not one but know many
Don't vote to confirm DeVos!
Please now raise awareness of the ways in which you will #StopDeVos
I wish your enthusiasm for the US public school system matched your love of movies. We said no to DeVos. You didn't listen.
Every reply to your tweets ask you to vote #noDevos Get your head out of Trumps rear and listen to Ohioans
Betsy Devos owes Ohio Five million dollars
No DeVos!
if you really care about the youth of this nation you will vote #NoOnDeVos
NO ON DEVOS!!!!
