Thank you for listening! From Cincinnati 45212
I clearly misread your statement as "I oppose the last version." I rescind my thanks and implore you to vote NO on any Motion to Proceed.
You're missing an opportunity to promote universal healthcare - no one left out.
Clean repeal of BOcare.
@ProgressOhio please vote no and work with Democrats to fix Affordable Care Act!
Call R. Portman at 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first& last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns. #Trumpcare
You say you'll work w/ your colleagues to ensure better #healthcare for all Ohioans...We urge you to work w/ Dems, too, not just GOP.
This is not a No. Take a stand or go away.
Vote no on this bill. This is going to kill Ohioans, the people you are supposed to represent. I lives in Berea, OH. 44017
This bill is still just as bad as it was before. VOTE NO and fix the ACA.
If you care about Ohioians, VOTE NO ON THIS HEALTH BILL! As a small business owner in Ohio I can not afford it. #OhioVoter @RepSteveChabot
And also, please Vote No if you care for Ohioans like my family, my colleagues, my neighbors, and myself. Your constituents.
A lot of words with no information. Is this a no?
According to your statement you didn't like last version due to Medicaid problems. Those cuts still exist in new version. Vote no on BCHA
So are you voting yes or no?? No would be the obvious choice but you have gone against OHs best interest many times prior.
Please vote no!  This bill is no better than the 1st one. Protect the people of Ohio
Senator, if this is your standard - ALL - you must vote NO.  This bill will devastate health services for the #disabled. #medicaid cuts NO.
Like last time you won't take any position until after the fact.
You opposed the last draft after it was tabled. Please get ahead this time and #killthisbill now as it is bad for Ohio.
So is this a no as it stands?  They threw you a bone on opioid addiction funding and you will sacrifice the rest of us with your yes vote.
Shouldn't your colleagues work with you when drafting the bill? No hearings and no debates. That's not working together.
Fix the ACA and move on. McConnell's new bill is no better than the last one.
Coward.
Funny you keep bringing up your objections to the last bill, the one YOU HELPED WRITE
This new bill is still not a repeal. All taxes are still in it and not seeing any changes to policy costs!!  Repeal and replace!!
You made a promise now keep it!
You have no spine and refuse to stand up to your party and what is moral and right. Reject this bill, make a stand against Russian meddling.
Here, you dropped this. I think it's your spine.
Still awful. Vote NO.
Have you read the responses to your new statement? People are unanimously asking you to stay strong and vote NO.
As a Behav. Health Prof.: Opiod Treatement $ is not enough to combat epidemic - must have Medicaid for access, follow-up and stabilization

Pre-existing conditions affect just about everyone.  It's called LIFE.  It shouldn't be a cause for insurance companies to make $$$.
@TopherSpiro Watching for Portman's view of Trumpcare for regular ppl.So far it's terrible. Congress's personal plan better?
Repeal-didn't work. Replace-didn't work. It's time to cooperate with your Democratic colleagues and Repair healthcare!
Your fellow Ohioans only want to hear one thing; that you're voting NO.
What? You're basically telling your constituents that you only care about addiction but not cancer, diabetes, blood pressure, maternity.
Non-committal again. ACA has been sabotaged by lack of enforcement (Trump's exec ord) and that's why premiums are going up. This plan is bad
Rob is waiting to see what his insurance company lobbyists want him to do. That's who he answers to. Not the people of Ohio.
Your statement is vague at best, do you support or oppose #Trumpcare B ?
Main office isn’t answering the phone, so feel free to try the press office at 202-224-5190.
As a member of AARP, I urge you to #VoteNo  and #ProtectOurCare 60% of nursing home residents are on Medicaid!
Sen Portman, you are obfuscating. We need a simple yes or no.
Vote NO.  We need universal health care.  Medicare for all.
Looking forward to learning if you care about your most vulnerable constituents, including but not limited to those with addiction issues.
I live in Columbus. I'm not a paid protestor. I am *your constituent* and I want you to stand up for Ohioans and vote NO.
You said exactly nothing. This new version http://stinks.You  know it does.Waiting for the check to clear.We know you will vote yes.
Premiums and deductibles are up for reasons that have nothing to do with ACA and you know it. Please address the true causes.
McConnell is lying to his own party to get this thing passed.  Ask yourself why?  Dark money donors with their foot on his neck is why.
Didn't you help write this bill you are calling a discussion draft, Senator? Care to share with us your thought processes in its creation?
It's only a discussion draft until @SenMajLdr gets his 50 votes, then it's final. And the discussion is between senators, not the public.
Schoolhouse Rock never mentioned discussion drafts ;)
The fact that this bill only holds a 13-17% approval rating by REPUBLICAN voters and is still being considered sends a frightening message.
Your 2 main concerns from the original bill (Medicaid cuts and addiction treatment) are fundamentally unchanged in the "new" bill. Vote no!!
Really being brave toeing the line again
Senator, I support your statement, and once again, the current version falls short. Why is GOP trying to destroy health insurance? Vote NO!
So you're ok with lifetime and annual caps? You think that will make lives better for Ohioans?
Please continue being against this bill. It will many Ohioans.
Remember when @senrobportman "took a stand" against the last version of this awful bill (after McConnell had already pulled it)? #leadership
What number of people losing insurance would you find acceptable from the CBO score?
Be sure to review the part that provides the exemption for your own healthcare, Senator! Coward!
First: you are getting Twitter ratio'd.  Second: this is an easy No. Don't wait for someone else to be the deciding No. Have some backbone.
Gutting healthcare programs for the most vulnerable is not #howtoshowrobcares. #medicare4all shows you care. This is not hard, Senator.
You need to oppose this version of the health bill. Medicaid is still cut and it will make insurance rates skyrocket for Ohioans! #NoAHCA
Your statement is very noncommittal.  Vote No on the #BRCA or do not get reelected.  Ohioans deserve better.
also..anything healthcare bill passed, all legislators should be forced to have exact same plan
Just say NO.  This bill is wrong and sadistic.
shit or get off the pot, man..this bill is not what OH wants. They elected u to protect them from shit like this
You are saying NOTHING of substance in this statement. You sure as hell aren't saying you're opposed in any shape or form. Baffling. Shame.
These latest versions will be devastating for our fellow Ohioans. I urge you to work with Dems  to fix exchanges. #voteno
To be fair, senator, you waited until AFTER they called off the vote to post a statement last time didn't you?

VOTE NO ON THIS BILL.
Vote NO!!
I see your healthcare is safe either way. If this bill were any good, why protect yourself from it? https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
This is another failed attempt to replace the ACA,and will hurt Ohioans. Vote what's best for people, not what's best for your party.
the #BRCA continues to strip afforable healthcare from sick, disabled, poor, older Ohioans.  Time to show leadership &VOTE NO #doyourjob
Vote no!!!!
Yeah... we're gonna need you to vote No on that new version too.
Current form of bill very similar to last.  To lower cost of coverage and protect vulnerable, do the right thing.  VOTE NO
NO
There's no reason to wait on the CBO. You can see little has changed to insure more people. People will DIE from poor or no healthcare. NO.
still $700b Medicaid cuts, VERY little added for opioid probs, guts essential health benefits BUT exempts Congress from that gut. Vote NO!
I am a counselor Ohio and have helped many people (with treatment) get off of welfare- please make sure mental health care is available.
There is talk of the bill not being fully scored by the CBO.  Please insist on a non-partisan review of the bill's effects
Sen., So predictable that they would try to get your vote by throwing $ at addiction. Doesn't help poor, disabled, elderly Ohioans. Vote no!
@senrobportman your statement ignores that gop has no interested in reining in big pharma & insurance cos. #ACA was doomed by insurance bizs
The new version still destroys Medicaid but will also cause the individual market to crash by allowing sub-standard plans. VOTE NO.
Keep hearing support for opioid tx, but what any other disease or condition? Will people have to become opioid dependent to access coverage?
Your governor says VOTE NO!
First, do no harm. Vote no.
Please vote no. A yes vote would make you complicit in many deaths per year. I believe the figure was 28,000.
That says nothing. This version of #BCRA is even worse that the last one.
Well you said nothing
Your vote will not only determine my vote but my level of participation for or against your next campaign. This actually is LIFE OR DEATH!
Leg branch needs to work as a WHOLE unit and realize that my failing heart does not give a $h#t about politics! Work together! Vote No
That statement didn't say anything. Please do not support this bill. It is not good for Ohio.
FIX ACA! #countrybeforeparty
Nice statement, yet it's clear this bill does nothing to improve the lives of Ohioans. Vote no on ANY cuts to medicaid.
You need to vote no.
"Discussion draft"
Lol.
Citizens support our @POTUS 100%!
We want freedom from fedgovt overcontrol.Get fedgovt out of healthcare! REPEAL-DON'T REPLACE! @SenateGOP
Nowhere do you say you oppose "new" version (which is just as bad). You're desperate to betray OH residents. Shame.
Portman sounds like someone who got none of the things he made a show of asking for, but was just posing so is now looking for a way to yes. https://twitter.com/LACaldwellDC/status/885552764142714881 …
Come on, @senrobportman that is a non-statement.  Review away, but you didn't oppose the last bill, until it after the delay.
AARP points out that still problem for older Ohioans, Medicaid issue not fixed. Vote no for Ohio.
We counting on you!!!
And? Will you vote for motion to proceed
Why not spend time looking into why the ACA isn't working and why insurance Co are leaving and why deductibles so high. Not from Fox News!
So glad you will take time to study this, I am very unhappy with Machiavellian methods McConnell is using,he does not care about our health.
Please remember that Ohio's biggest industry is healthcare- if people are not insured- ohio will suffer economically!
The #BCRA will hurt anyone with pre-existing conditions. Just say no. This is a plan that Ohio can get behind -
And mine is even better ;)
"I had concerns about the measure’s Medicaid policies". These have not been addressed, at all. So why did you switch from no to undecided?
PS I think you're a traitor to the US and totally complicit.  History will not be kind to you.
Don't sell out Ohio. We won't forget.
Congress is exempt from the Cruz amendment
This draft raises premiums for an ave 64 yr old from $6,000 to $20,500. How does that benefit Ohioans?!?!
Can't you see this bill is not good for Ohioans or does your Senate healthcare not have vision coverage. #VoteNoBCRA
Don't hide behind MTP & destroyGOP n process. If you want to add amendments on floor & argue for them that's fine! Are you GOP or DNC? 2018
Just say no... to this bill. Band-aids won't be enough to help people say no to drugs either.
No.  Just no.  Nothing should happen in DC until we figure out what the hell is going on.

We Ohioans are counting on you to protect us from TrumpCare. My son and grandson have health care and need it to remain affordable.
Working with your colleagues.  Does that mean across the isle too ?
Thank you
This bill will punish the elderly, the sick, the poor and the opioid  addicted, as did its predecessor. Bipartisan effort to fix ACA, please
throwing money towards opioid epidemic is great for opening more rehabs- but if addicts cannot pay for treatment how will that help?
your goal is to flood the system with insurers who offer nothing at low costs and end up increasing bankruptcies in your state, bravo genius
Please do not support this bill. Many people will be hurt.
Please continue to stand for Ohioans and remain a firm no on this bill
Broken record, Rob. Broken, stuck-in-a-scratchy- groove, record. Maligning the ACA, instead of working to make it BETTER?

 Here are the consumer protections the Cruz amendment wipes out: 
The ACA has allowed people to create their own small businesses. Repealing it would destroy those businesses.
You decision is contingent upon the CBO score yet Senate Republicans are talking about relying on HHS score instead. What will you do?
I am an Ohio voter. Either vote in the interest of Ohioans or Insurance Corporations. Your choice; your consequences.
Not really the answer we're looking for. This bill, in any form ,is terrible. Vote no on #Trumpcare
The amendment only made it worse. You had better not vote for it.
Senator Portman- our system does need fixed. Did not read the bill but pretty sure it won't make anything better.
The only reason the ACA has problems in Ohio is because Republicans keep creating the problems. Stop being complicit.
Vote no
coward, you know it is wrong
this is a cop out.
Please do the right thing and vote NO on the ACA repeal and replace. It is a disaster for our Country !!   #VoteNoBCRA
Insurers are leaving Ohio and other states due to the uncertainty of the current process.  Thank you GOP for ensuring this instability.
It's not healthcare it's #DeathByGOP
This statement is a lot of nothing. An overwhelming number of Ohioans oppose the bill. Show you put your constituents before @gop. Vote NO.
"Better for all Ohioans" is probably a bipartisan effort rather than another one-sided bill built on a foundation of backroom deals.
So. No Town hall? Got it. #wevote #willyoukillmeforataxcut #iamapreexistingcondition
Thank you for the thoughtful statement. We look forward to hearing your conclusions. In the end, #MedicareForAll may be the best answer.
It is still awful and Cruz amendment is a disaster. Please have the courage to be the third NO vote.
My statement on your statement:
@senrobportman listened to this person's confirmation hearing and thought she seemed intelligent and capable.
Senator, this doesn't seem that difficult. Mns of people will be hurt compared to #ACA . I guess you have to choose: constituents or donors?
I don't know what that means. Health care will be out of reach for my family if this bill becomes law. Please oppose it.
I see no mention of pre-existing conditions in your statement. You must be for underfunded high risk pools and medical bankruptcy then.
#preexistingconditionpoverty is not #healthcare
But will you vote no senator?
Free market healthcare like it used too be before ocare
I've reviewed it too, and as a doctor and constituent in Cleveland, please do not support this new amendment, it is no better than the last!
Thank you! Appreciate your opinion and I hope others will too.
Thanks for staying open minded.
This is not a no. Call him Ohioans!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
