We will hold you accountable for dismantling our education system with your support of DeVos by not reelecting you in 2022
How about holding Betsy deVose accountable to public schools now too?  Please vote no.
oppose DeVos.  Oppose warmongering.  Oppose Trump by holding him accountable.
#POTUS is a complete dumpster fire, but speaking of being held accountable... no on Devos! #noDevos

Conflicting figures show between 60,000 and 100,000 visas have been revoked following Trump's travel ban EO. 
Devos needs to pay the money she owes Ohio Don't stand by her accepting money for YOUR campaign!
#dump Devos
We'll be holding YOU accountable. DeVos is unqualified. You're just another bought politician. #VoteNoDevos
.@senrobportman Sir, please vote your conscience on #DeVos. You are a great advocate for children. Please vote NO!
Just like we will hold you accountable. You are a SELLOUT- Cash for our kids education.  Better start selling Amway
are you reading any of these comments? Are you listening to us? I've sent messages via your site? Care about Ohio
comment on #devos please. We need you to vote #NoonDeVos
I don't see a single positive tweet re: your stance on anything, Sen. Start listening to your people, #dumpdevos for starters
@JohnJHarwood unfortunately no one will trust our word again.  It's worth shit if we break our deal.
can we hold you accountable for your vote for DeVos?
https://www.yahoo.com/news/donald-trump-russia-rosneft-vladimir-202542988.html …

And this.
If we don't..Israel will.
We are holding you accountable for Ohio and our public schools #noDevos
Robb ,will you send your kids to war?
He doesn't seem to care about sending MY kids to war. #BlueStarMom #BuckeyeAgainstPortman

what about holding Russia accountable. This is your last 2 years. Enjoy them. 2018 you are out. Your part of the problem.
Sadly, he's in until 2022. Almost 6 full yrs to fail Ohio and collect that donor cash.
omg wtf we'll figure out something.
I'm thinking of heading to DC, camping out in his office. He needs to speak to constituents!
That's why $ gets its way, it can hire people to go lobby while we have to work! #VoteNoDevos
I'm Portman's worst nightmare: well-off, pissed-off military mom with no need to work.
vote no on DeVos
If you can't vote no on DeVos just don't vote. Abstain. #dumpdevos
Ohio voters will hold you accountable for voting Yes on DeVos. Take her money and recuse yourself.
Iran reverts to "Persia" to avoid sanctions.
Ohio is holding you accountable no to DeVos. #dumpdevos
Senator your job Is to act on behalf of us Your constituents. The ones who are telling you to vote NO on DeVoss
you DO know what bipartisan means, right? After all, you had a good education. Give our kids the same. #noDevos
Shame on you for supporting a nominee for Education Secretary who has no idea what IDEA is. #noDeVos!
Ohio Senator Rob Portman's fax number has  been removed from his web page. It's (202) 224-9075.
Did you read the letters from your constituents I brought? Are you listening to Ohioans? #standup4publiceducation @OHDems
what about Putin? Doesn't the bigoted ban make it hard to negotiate #MuslimBanprotest
https://twitter.com/RawStory/status/827190495210266628 … Big deal. We're going to hold you accountable for this.
Foreign policy insider: ‘No readout of Trump-Putin call because White House turned off recording’ http://ow.ly/1UIv308Cbw0  
I'm glad that the President listened to you and I hope that you will listen to the people of Ohio. No to DeVos!
be bipartisan and say #nodevos!!!
please vote no DeVos Thank you sir


Too bad you won't hold DeVos accountable for the money she owes our state and vote against her.
who is holding you accountable to your constituents?  #noDevos
accountability matters, especially in educational standards for students.  Decline the DeVos nomination.
where is your letter against Russia holding them accountable for their latest aggression? Why are you and #Potus proRussian?
I’m sure it feels like you’re working with him. Wait till he decides you’re not useful and he turns on you.
why support DeVoss when your constituents have said that's not what we want? Please talk to us, dont use "statements"!
vote NO on DeVos! $51k isn't enough money to screw over the children and the future of America. Stand up and LEAD!
Take bipartisan action by voting NO on DeVos - a disaster for our children's education!
are you ready for war? Don't tell #POTUS anything he is crazy
we will hold YOU accountable (at the polls) if you don't vote NO on DeVos!!!!
stop writing letters and start listing to your vm. Maybe talk to your #voters #ohio? Or put your phone back on? Come home
@JohnJHarwood Idiot!
why not hold the president accountable for actions like a Muslim ban and nominating unqualified ppl only in it for the $ ??
What exactly has Iran done all of a sudden to provoke these pleasing actions? Im confused.
what about Russia? Any thoughts on that?
.@senrobportman Don't respond to constituents, take $ from DeVos, encourage @POTUS threatening Iran on Twitter and loosen gun regs. Bye!
No DeVoss
Any plan on holding Russia accountable?
Are you sure you know what accountable means?  "I do not think that word means what you think it means." - Inigo Montoya
listen to your constituents. Do what's best for Ohio schools. Vote no on #devos
You're accountable to us! Stop ignoring our concerns, and vote NO on DeVos!
and we the people will hold you accountable if you confirm Devos! We thought you cared about the children?
now let's hold Russia accountable
shouldn't we be concerned about Russia backed fighting in Ukraine where people have just died,

he's not doing anything but posturing, please!  All he's gonna do is start a war.  Or three.
Vote no on DeVos.
How are you taking action to replace the #ACA?
how do we hold you accountable for the quality of education in public schools?
#FridayFeeling 

This is a #RepublicanCOUP 

#Collaborator 

#EnemyOfDemocracy 

#RepublicanHypocrisy 

#GOPtraitors
This message brought to you from the $ of Betsy Devos who will not hold charter schools responsible. #betsyboughtBob
@JohnJHarwood will he hold Russia accountable is the real question? Iran is the easy part because he has no business there.
You don't get to pat yourself on the back for bipartisan efforts when you ignore Ohio demanding #noDevos
how about you send him a letter so he holds Russia accountable?
Now I know no letter means you are 100% supportive of POTUS. So 100% supportive of white supremacist agenda by WH. Got it.
vote no on devos
Why aren't you bipartisan on voting No on #DeVos? Why don't you release number of constituent calls that are no on #DeVos?
would love to see you take action on the DeVos nomination and be accountable to Ohioans and not DeVos's donations to you.
Vote no on Devos.
I am a product of Ohio public schools. Please #StopDeVos
or a letter reeuesting he nominate a qualified person for Sec of Ed?
and I'd be pleased if you would answer your phones
y'all better be calling this man and hold him accountable on voting 'NO' for @BetsyDeVos. He has come out supporting her.
or a letter requesting Steve Bannon not be a permanent member of the NSC?
You sir are a sell out and Ohio will remember
or a letter requesting that he denounce the Mosque shooting?
see how powerful a letter can be? How about a letter requesting he stop the Muslim ban?
Don't pat yourself on the back too hard your bipartisanship stops at Betsy DeVos. VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
You got $51,000 reasons to support DeVos. So much for listening to your constituents. Your votes r for sale I guess. #NoDeVos
seems as though the $51,000 from the Devos family is more important than education. You're a sell-out
Devos is not qualified and does not care about public http://education.Vote  No. Do not let Russia takeover the Ukraine.
The only reason Iran is messing with US allies to begin with is bcause #POTUS is such a disaster. Please push back #Dumpdevos
who is holding YOU accountable? #noDevos #peopleb4party
So you DO tweet! How about responding to your constituents?? Your staff won't answer calls.
How much DeVos money did you take, Senator? Sure reeks of corruption. Maybe you could just abstain from the vote?
http://endcitizensunited.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Web-DeVos.pdf …
It's not hard for all of us to look at your voting record & who your Donors are! We can be Bipartisan too! VOTE NO DeVos!
How disappointing with our Ohio senator. Heartbreaking!!! #DeVosvote NO!
How*Bipartisan*is it to take money from the DeVos Family&the NRA&not give your constituents an answer?So*Vote NO DeVos*!
how much would your constituents have to pay you to vote no on DeVos? Apparently you just respond to money
Please tell me you are fillowing your constituent's wishes and voting NO on Ms. Devos.  Probably not...
You know who else will be held accountable? YOU. Either listen and vote NO on DeVos or look for another line of work in 2022
urging you to VOTE NO at Betsy DeVos' confirmation.  #unqualified
This is not what we wanted. This is not what we asked for. This is not what we need.
But it would be really nice if you listened to your constituents and voted #nodevos #Unqualified
Where's your bipartisan letter condemning the targeting of American permanent residents and citizens with a Muslim ban?
while helping #Putin with oil prices?
If you promise to start listening to your constituents, I promise to only tweet at you twice a day. Gonna keep calling, tho.
would be pleased if you voted NO on DeVos. You are ignoring that piece of business Sir.
You are accountable to Ohioans. $51K from DeVos for that Education vote? Why are you even accepting $ from peeps outside OH?
we would like congress to be accountable. How about that for a change
Never should have let the deal go through. We told you they wouldn't abide by the agreement.
you are spineless. Vote No  #DeVosHearing
be accountable to your constituents. We OPPOSE DEVOS
how about you take action, stand up to donors and party, and vote NO on #Devos #DeVosvote. Be accountable to children.
no on DeVos. Listen to your people.
Thanks for adding to the war drumbeat that'll inevitably lead us to war with Iran. We're all so excited for this. #RESIST
@JohnJHarwood Why don't you Republicans uphold the Constitution?
how will you hold yourself accountable for ignoring us on Betsy DeVos?
please reconsider and vote no on Devos. OH has not benefited from unregulated charter schools.
Remind me, Rob, how much did DeVos/DeVos family donate to you?
Good question! #PaytoPlay #spineless #CountryOverParty #NoOnDeVos
let's hold Russia accountable too
Senator, whats your take on DeVos? Still voting for her?  @JohnJHarwood
but what about #Ukraine?
@JohnJHarwood  and what any Russia...
This is ridiculous! Making wars where there are none.
Stop projecting onto Iran; we have a fascist tyranny in our own country, and you're enabling it.
Not Russia, huh? Wag the Dog.
@JohnJHarwood Iran has not attacked another country for longer than we've been a country.  Why was this necessary?
Portman wants to be Trump's fave trained monkey, not help Ohioans. Remember that in 2022, don't re-elect.
Vote no on DeVos
#noDevos
how much are exxon and raytheon paying you for this stance?
