keep speaking out!!! With the Trumpcare plan, I will lose coverage.  This hurts Ohio's middle class & small business owners!
Please vote against Paul Ryan's cruel ACA repeal bill. As a professor, I watched students die because of no insurance.
We agree on that much.  Thank you,  Senator Portman
please continue to stand for all of Ohio
Less bullspit is a troll. Don't feed the trolls. Active measures at work. Don't be persuaded.
thank you for recognizing the need for Medicaid (for all?) and not putting party over health and people #saveaca
please dont selll out, protect peoples insurance. We beg of you
This is incredibly disingenuous. You just proclaimed support for moving $600B from Medicaid to a tax cut for the wealthy.
we expect you to protect the children of Ohio. Speak out against medicaid cuts!
.@senrobportman You just need to not repeal and replace the ACA. Tweak it & all health care.
They are going to pay a severe price...as they should...AMERICANS FEEDUP...#GOPFAILINGAMERICA.
Flexibility f/states allowed f/differing approaches to covering Medicaid populations that kept people out of the ER!!
keep fighting!!
This is absolutely the worse it's going backwards like over the line backwards. RYAN AND ALL THOSE SHOULD BE ASHAMED
thank you for looking for ACA solutions. #repairnotrepeal
if it passes you no longer have a job I'll kill myself doing everything possible to have oh reps out Congress and Senate#NoNo
This bill is not an improvement. Please vote against and work with democrats on a bipartisan bill that improves care.
at the very least.
I don't support repeal & replace, but do thank you for standing up to protect the most vulnerable Americans.
tell tail moment for you. Will you act for America or be a party loyalist. Your career depends on this.
Thank you for speaking against the House GOP replacement bill. We see when you do good work, Senator!
Then don't repeal ACA! Improve it!
Stop Swampcare NOW
If only you had some more colleagues in the Senate with your CHARACTER, we might be all right. IMPEACH THE INSANE POTUS!!
NONONONONO - what the hell is wrong with you?!
Thank you for standing for constituents against blind partisanship.
Any funding cuts at the federal level will result in trickle down State tax hikes and harm middle class.
Thank you, Senator Portman. Please don't support any bill until it's had CBO review. There's no rush.
"We" need to have a #REALTownHallNOW. We have lots to say about the ACA and Medicaid expansion, etc. #meetwithus #bealeader
Thank You for ensuring protecting Health Care remains available.
I hope you stand strong on this and stand against older and those w/pre existing conditions being forced into hi risk pools.
Thank you! Agree that we need to protect Medicaid & treat addiction. AHCA not adequate as-is, would like to see revised.
Thank you 4 wanting to protect us on Medicaid only because of a major illness. Yes we need it to help live! God bless you!
Thank you for standing up to protect Medicaid expansion! It has been important and successful here in Ohio.
Yes. We need to keep the Medicaid expansion that was set in place under the ACA. Thank you for speaking out on this.
I am a voting constituent, expecting you to stand against the ACA repeal plan introduced by the House GOP.
Think about your voters at least #NoAgeTax @AARPadvocates
Thank you for your leadership and efforts to make health care affordable.
No, flexibility for states is a cover for passing the buck. Keep and EXPAND #ACA.
Paul Ryan's plan gives a NEW subsidy to man making $75,000 a year, CUTS subsidy by 1/3 for working poor. How is this right?
thank you for showing some sense. We can improve #ACA and make it serve americans who need it even better
@tomservo10 Also keep taxes on high earners rather than tax insurees' benefits.And why does it give bonuses to ins co. heads?
Reduce/remove credits for incomes over a certain level - keep medicaid expansion, subsidize borderline poor.
Thank you Senator for standing up for children, disabled, middle class and poor folks.
we are not fooled by your party line you intend to take people's health care
state flexibility is rich folks speak for 'no health care for you'
read what your constituents are saying to you
that will not justify the proposed budget, you are dooming your state with that bs.
people need to know you intend federal cuts putting the burden on the state, flexibility my ass say what you mean
let the poor and middle class go without insurance and pay for the infrastructure and die if you can't work as a slave
We also need to keep funding for Planned Parenthood - very important for the #reprohealth of minority and low-income women!
pease do not support this Ryan deathcare plan
We appreciate your willingness to speak out against #Trumpcare! Please show us some action next!
@ohioaj the GOP health plan will bankrupt me and close my small biz. Breast cancer survivor over 50. My rates will skyrocket
Thank you for standing up for the Medicaid expansion. That is a brave and just decision!
FIX IT !! Blockgrants=BlockHeads TaxCredits=TaxCuts for Rich CAPS=Death What did the American Public DO 
FIX ACA !!
The bill from your party does not do that.
tweak obamacare.Rename it Trumpcare.Let the orange one take credit---all he ever wants to do. But don't get rid of the ACA.
new plan also favors higher income ppl. Older Americans have higher prem which is prob since already dealing w more illness
what does this mean in simple English?
So you must vote against this preposterous plan! Do your job & vote for your constituents, not just your party!
why spend a bunch of money to destroy ACA when there are lots of good things to it, much better to fix it! Mind telling Ryan?
just need to implement single payer,  we give 34 billion to stateslike Isreal and they have free health care,and eduction
Thank you! I am a single mom, college degree, working poor, have a handicapped son on Medicaid in Ohio. Will lose healthcare.
Single Payer Universal.  Gov collects premiums, pays providers directly.  Save gazillions on "insurance"  model govt role 1/2
on New Testament #leastofthese call, add in heaven gained thru giving away treasure and doing what Christ did.  Heal, feed
We NEED a vote of no confidence on Trump.  We NEED a hero, a patriot to stand up. Trump is dangerous, not funny anymore.
FIX IT!! or leave, choose!~
Older folks premium was capped at 3X younger persons. Now 5 times younger person and premiums are increasing
WTF???
. I say more jobs, so people can get off Medicaid. Jobs will help all able body workers and family's
on minimum wage?
Senator, I have a disability and depend on Medicaid to live independently. This bill would be a disaster for me.

thank you.
your job is difficult. States need flexibility. But taxpayers need a break.
THANK YOU for taking a stand to protect health care.
Ocare income based Medicaid expansion has helped WORKING families get coverage.
We need to be protected from 45 and his crazy tweets. Please stand up to 45, he is ruining our country.
Thank you senator. Ohio desparately needs this with our addiction problem
You are a moderate turned milquetoast. Did Russian interference help you politically as well.
and stop the massive spending on golf junkets and security in NYC
finally you're speaking out. Too bad you voted party line up to now.
Who paid you to vote to repeal the ACA? How much did THAT cost?
notice - EMPLOYER coverage, not just those enrolled in the exchange.

Whoa. CBO has told Rs that 10-20 million people could lose *employer* coverage under their bill, per @chrisjacobsHC: http://thefederalist.com/2017/03/06/house-republicans-rewriting-obamacare-replacement/#.WL2q6B-PdB0.twitter …
what happened to people like Edward R Murrow who stood up for what is right
Watch @jaketapper. Most days he's the closest we've got.
you're so right !
should the president of the United States be tweeting as such ? Not in my books !
and these trips to the southern White House??? $$$your thoughts ? Your thoughts on the insane tweeting ?
again ... the problem is people elected for a job that can't stand tall on their own
I am one of your constituents. Thank you for putting people before party. History will be kinder to you than to others.
Repeal, period. Nothing more, nothing less. Anything else is by definition unconstitutional.
go sit down
Fix it don't flush it!
Make the insurance companies create affordability.  Why millions for bonuses for no coverage for clients?
Yes to medicaid expansion and yes to pre-existing conditions. Thanks for your support #4 GOP
Medicare for all, thanks.
then stand up to that traitor trump & his con men & retain the ACA Medicare and social security. If you dont you wont b back
well then support fixing the ACA instead of this preposterous  repeal/replace scam
u need to do your job and check Trump. He's the head of YOUR party. Do something
Simple, give everyone the same medical insurance as Congress, Senate have. Why should you have better insurance than the people.
@KimberlyEndico5 @senrobportman great idea never happen
Agreed!!
bravo rob. Not a huge fan of you but this is the right move.
"Protect Medicaid expansion populations," @senrobportman? You actually mean protect and improve #ACA. Don't be obtuse.
Agree, but we also need to make sure #Medicaid structural reforms aren't just a cost shift to states http://www.communitysolutions.com/medicaid 
vote to keep the ACA
Block grants will overtime reduce flexibility and care.
We need to protect ACA pplicy holders @senrobportman
thank you. Loss of healthcare is bad for Americans, bad for economy. Ohio has saved millions by providing preventative care.
Thank you
Have you had a Town Hall w/ ur constituents? What did they say? Remember, you work for them. Or do you hide like @SenToomey?
#parrotthepartyline #avoidconstituency #coward
calm down with the tweets. We know you did a good thing. Don't over do it. #SaveACA
@JWGOP So you will not sign on to a full repeal of the ACA?
