You literally might be up there with some of the most cruel, selfish, money-loving people alive as you can't comment https://thinkprogress.org/united-nations-gay-death-penalty-36e6a5101ec9/amp/ …
The GOP tax reform equals tax cut for rich. Trickle down didn’t work before and won’t work now
And for the retiring boomers, how is that going to work?
Oh trickle down. No, it doesn't happen #deathtomiddleclass
Have you read the bill? Because it doesn't help anyone but the top 1% of income
Trickle down is the biggest con job ever sold to the middle class.
Trickle down theory has been debunked! What we need is healthcare, what we need are services to help people not corporate tax breaks!
How much will you personally save under this plan? How about middle class Ohioans? Where's your data to show trickle down economics works?
While I don't agree with most of the responses to this post @senrobportman needs to represent the people who elected him. Quit being a loser
I hate myself for one time having faith that you were different.  You are a bought and paid for corporate FRAUD, nothing more.  
#FRAUD
Kindly shut up. If my fellow Ohioans really only care about what you’re tweeting - I’m #ashamed - come on man. You can’t be this ignorant.
Trickle-down does not work. Never has. Never will. Do not turn the country into Kansas.
Toooooowwwwn haaaaaaaaaaalllllllllll
Because people with limited knowledge or weak positions just LOVE yes/no questions. Personal favorite for shutting down illogical arguments.
Nice try.  We want a town hall in Cincinnati before you vote on this issue!  No meet/no vote.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-nra-funding-senators.html …
All middle class income taxes must be reduced. Paying disproportionately. Do not cut estate tax benefitting only the rich.
Ending the estate tax has noting to do with more #jobs & better wage. Just 1% wealthy and giant hole in the federal deficit. #resign
If you said this helps the middle class, you are not being honest.  BTW Where are the Russian sanctions?
You mean tax cuts for the 1%. Tax cuts don't stimulate jobs. We learned that with Reagan. Stop lying.
Senator Portman, you talk about the middle class, but Never the poor/working poor. Who do you think cleans your offices or
No it won’t.  none of that.
Why don’t you go on CNN, MSNBC or Meet the Press? Afraid of tough questions? Yea, I thought so. #sellout #guncontrolnow #savedaca #chip
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/i-used-to-think-gun-control-was-the-answer-my-research-told-me-otherwise/2017/10/03/d33edca6-a851-11e7-92d1-58c702d2d975_story.html?utm_term=.4ea57d4f652c … the laws you all want and what you think britain and australia had success in wont work

Stop the bull and admit you only care about your friends and supporters. You don't care about the poor or middle class.
Lies lies lies
Don't ever see you on TV because I refuse to watch Fox TV. Afraid to broaden your exposure?

Not the one the president put forward
While you are promoting anti sex trade & tax cuts for the 1% what the heck are you doing for the 9 MILLION kids who rely on CHIP to live?
Protect our pre-existing conditions and give us stronger gun control.
Rob? Did you mention how much it will benefit you and your millionaire buddies?
Haha tax 'reform'
You're a liar, a sham, & a fraud. You make me sick to my stomach. How do you sleep at night while selling your constituents down the river?
You do know a member of the cabinet said middle class would get a $1000.00 so they could buy a new car or have their kitchen remodeled? 
Baloney! Tax cuts for the 1% don't help the middle class. Trickle down economics is, and always has been, a joke.
I would support #TaxReform for the middle class but not lowering tax for the upper 1% and corporations which is being proposed.
Then you lied? The bottom rate RISES 2% and the top 1% gets 80% of tax cuts. I’m not following the math. #liar #corrupt #KochPuppet
Pls stay off Fox. Stop have your PR randomly tweet. Stop doing photo ops. TOWN HALLS for all. We will tell YOU what Ohio wants.
This tax plan will increase my federal taxes by about 3%, or $2000. Good for middle-class families? Really?
What is considered "middle class"?
Lies
And in many cases with higher taxes you charlatan among fraudsters.
You KNOW it won't. The middle class will be lucky to break even (if they don't have more than a couple of kids). Cuts go to the rich. #liar
On Fox, right where your lying ass belongs! Are you going to talk about your money deals with the NRA?
The obnoxiously big elephant in the room: #GOP #TaxReform won't help middle-class w/ jobs or wages. It will kick us back into a recession.
We don't want your tax reform because it will only help the wealthy. Do you really think we are that stupid? Stop insulting us.
did you tell them about the part that all your rich donors get a way better cut ???   
Did ya ???
How's about addressing gun violence?  That will also help middle class families.
But my taxes may go up and trickle down economics hasn't been proven to work. How will this help me?
Fox = propaganda. Did u go ANYWHERE & speak up abt healthcare?
Fox is for morons who vote against their own interests. But hey thanks Rob for jerkimg America off......again
You should fire whoever runs your Twitter account. If it’s you, you should resign. No one buys this bullshit.
Worst Senator EVER! Lining his pockets and ignoring constituents. Please stop with the bot like tweeting. Makes you even more inhuman
Oh great!  A republican discussed tax reform on the right-wing GOPNEWS!
You have to know this isn't true. I have to believe you're smarter than this just willing to lie for your donors.
You are lying
I call bullshit. It won’t help all the middle class. But it will help all the upper class.
1,071.
Help middle class families?  It raises my taxes, what does it do to yours?!?
Tiresome hearing how you will givecus tax breaks when you know that the welathiest will recieve the most.
This is not tax reform and it definitely is not for the middle class
did you kiss mayor whores ass
Please explain to your constituents why increasing their safety through sensible gun control is not the Number One matter on your agenda
@senrobportman wages stagnated in the 70s due to corporate greed. What makes you think tax reform will improve jobs/wages?
Nothing but a giveaway to the rich and cutting Health Care.
How much did you take from the NRA?

$2.2 million...
Translation:on @FoxBusiness I discussed #corporatewelfare & how it will screw #middleclass families by burdening them with higher taxes
We want to see the President's tax returns.
You've have a new social media hire? You're posting more on twitter! Of course, your message and actions remains disappointing and flaccid.
How about we get out of the middle east and? That would save a ton of money.

Let me see an increase in min wage. No corporate welfare and no cut for wealthy. We are not stupid. Tax cut on smll business owners only.
More fox news lies
Alright, you got me. You made statements about other issues.  1) When was FEMA given the go ahead to assist PR, not when they were
deployed. 2) Those are some serious guns, ya he clearly violated laws... let's get a grip on that.. to prevent more mass shootings.
3) I'm middle class (straight up first class)  I'd like to know how cutting my taxes will help fund  programs for sex trafficking victims
and addiction? I mean, you cut taxes, what programs are you cutting to balance?
And I bet they ate up all those lies. This plan helps the wealthy and it helps big corporations.
...so you went on @FoxBusiness and lied?
Now your voting to strip money from medicare .We worked and paid into that Now you going to rob Ohio seniors for the 1 precent
Lies from the Liars
Looking at the plan we've heard about, you're either ignorant or lying. Millionaires win, we lose!
You should discuss tax reform with your constituents in the form of an in person townhall.
There is not enough polish in the world for this turd you &the gop is trying to sell.
Senator Portman:  It's time to start supporting gun safety. Lives are more important than NRA $$.
Don't try to pass down trickle down economics again. It doesn't work for the middle class #standuptotrump
Bush CUT TAXES+WAR=RECESSION  What happened to CHIP, Children's Health Programs???


For purporting to be prolife Sen Portman sure doesn't give aabout creating as many possible ways for Ohioans to die #healthcare #gunsense



SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
The proposal hurts the middle, enriches @POTUS and his cronies, explodes the deficit. Wrong in every way.
Shut it rob. Let’s talk about things that matter. Like how you suck at your job, gun control and aid for Puerto Rico.

Bullshit 
.@senrobportman doesn't want you to know that TOP 1% receives 80% of TAX CUTS! Working Americans....   !!!

#TrumpPortman #ConManRob

#TrumpTaxScam. Don't #RobthePoor, Rob!



You lie.

While cutting funding for their health care.

C’mon, you’re predatory. Take healthcare from the poor and money from the middle class to feed your masters. The horse is out the corral.
How about you address #GunControlNow since you were sharing the screen with it?
#whatareyoudoing
#howmanymore
#BotPortman

You lied of course.


Historical evidence of the exact opposite happening following previous tax cuts not withstanding.


but why do only millionaires get tax cuts?
Shove off.
Fox News is not a #REALTownHallNOW & TV people are not your constituents.
#BotPortmanforRetirement
#WorthlessSenator
#enoughBS
I am a constituent & this is not true. U are robbing from the middle class and poor and funneling it up to the rich.
Go on a different channel let them question you because experts say tax cut for wealthy my kitchen remodel will cost more
You are so out of touch
Can't afford cable. Can you give an example? #NoMiddleClass
Lies.
They are getting more comfortable by the day with telling this lie as if repeating it enough will make it true.
Here’s the TL:DR... It won’t. You’re lying to us because you want a tax cut for the rich.
