It's worked great for me and my two siblings' families. #fixitnotnixit
Listen to the people that voted for you. Fix the parts that need reworked but keep the ACA. You just want the $800B tax cut for Koch.
NO! FIX THE ACA. That's what Ohio wants. That's what the country wants. Have a #REALTownHallNOW and #listentoyourconstituents.
#FixTheACA
Thank you for your opposition to the Senate bill. Please protect your constituents and all Americans by maintaining your opposition.
Great. Fix it.  Don't delete it.
Since you tweeted just a day earlier that we have to stop disinformation, how about you stop lying about the ACA. The only part that...
...doesn't work is that the GOP has made it impossible for insurers to stay in the marketplace and be profitable.
By eliminating government obligations. Reducing welfare state to a minimum. You & other @GOP #RINO bankrupt our grandchildren. #buckup
Does that finally mean you'll be fighting for universal healthcare? No one left out.
After reading all of these Ohioans' plea to #fixitnotnixit it is clear that #RobPortman is not working to improve the lives of Ohioans
Those of you that say it is "working" I wanna bet you are getting help on the premiums. Where does that come from?????
ACA works. Dems have always supported improving it. Eight years of whining and repeal votes & your party has nothing of substance to add.
Those who want single payer move to Canada, tell how great it is...
Why do you keep saying it's not working for OH? It's working pretty well for us its just not putting special interest $ in your pocket.
If it has been so bad, why did the @GOP only start working on a plan 4 months ago and not 7 years while you were saying how bad it was?
It's worked great for my Ohio family.
Can confirm, is working great
Repeal & Replace
Please promise you won't repeal and replace later. Don't hurt our folks on Medicaid. Tax me more let's go #SinglePayer
Fix the #ACA or give us Improved #MedicareForAll Give a Firm NO on #Trumpcare !
Counting on you to hold out & protect vulnerable Ohioans
Details please? Town hall discussion please. No more content free statements please. We are not stupid. Understand that. @CbusIndivisible
Full repeal only!!!
The Medicaid Expansion is working.  TRUMPCARE DECIMATES MEDICAID.   IF YOU VOTE YES, YOU WON'T GET RE-ELECTED
Needs to return to the way it was before Obama tried to make us a 3rd world country.
But it's working for my Ohio family.
Medicaid expansion hurting Ohio.
Want to end opioid epidemic? Start by freezing Medicaid expansion.
 http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/state-local-politics/339892-want-to-end-the-opioid-epidemic-start-by-freezing …
It's working for me !  Stop lying!  Stop cutting the funding for ACA. Stop blocking it's progress. You guys are hurting it!
Hold #TownHall meetings all over #Ohio to get a broad range of feedback from your constituents. #FixItDontNixIt #ACA Listen before u speak.
You say it's not working. Feedback on your Twitter is largely in support of the #ACA for Ohians. 44023 #FixItDontNixIt
Try fixing ACA with no-partisan group. That's a win win for all.
the ACA i better than the senate healthcare ( tax solution for the rich) 

IMPROVE the aca
& gop had 8 YEARS to get a plan! If you don't aftr 4th july break then won't get done! cant afford premiums, visits, penalty,...you're OUT!
It's working for lots of people. Fix it so it works for all; DO NOT REPLACE.
Please don't perpetuate this lie. It may not work for all and it surely can be improved but I personally know those who has benefited.
It's not working because Portman and republicans defunding it.  One payer healthcare would work better.
Revise and re-energize ACA. Grow up, start caring for all not just your party. U won't convince us your bill is better. It's heartless.
FIX the ACA.. work with Democrats to do so...
Perfectly said
Americans need health insurance. Help fix #ACA don't vote to repeal it.  We are all in this together.
Better is not via huge tax cuts for the rich by cutting Medicaid!
Fix it! Please stop lying to us and pretending you even care about Ohio. We see you, we know, money talks, Ohioans die.
I wish your slogans were fact-based.
Please keep it tweak it
You're darn right it must be done right. Before anything is done go back 2 the drawing board, get people involved that know how to do it
We need to fix ACA not destroy it. Stop the games No repeal and replace .......work with Dems.... Period
Healthcare that would work for everyone #UniversalHealthCare.  All other countries seem to be able to do it - why not the USA?
No one said the ACA was perfect, but you don't throw out the baby with the bathwater.
Listen to the Governor
GOP sabotage. We all know it
Repeal!! Fix it in stages - tired of tge massive bills filled with crap
What is the right way Senator? Trump just wants a bill to pass, any bill...
Then FIX #ACA!  The Senate's bill had no redeeming features (contrary to your statement that it had "promising" aspects). #FixObamacare
BTW, @senrobportman, what ARE the promising parts of the Senate bill? Your staff didn't know, and didn't call me back. What're you hiding?
Grow a spine please
Single payer would be the better solution.  Insurance only works when everyone is in.
It's not working because congress blocked the subsidies that were designed to compensate insurers for high risk patients. Put them back
The ACA wasn't meant to be the final program. It was meant to be adjusted and tweaked, not sabotaged. Work to fix it !
Thank you for your no vote!!!
You mean badly right away?  You mean enacting something worse for #Ohio families?  Improve ACA thoughtfully. #ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid
That not true And you must know it. Your GOP is stangling the ACA because you are against anything Obama was a part of.
At least Rep. Joyce voted against the AHCA, Sen.Portman all along votes with the Publicans. He's been part of the obstruction.
You seem to be on thin ice with your constituents. You KNOW Trumpcare is not the answer yet you are afraid to take a public stand.
Come to Columbus, have a town hall meeting and explain your position. Show us your plan.
Doing healthcare "the right way" means hearing from med experts and us citizens, working with Dems. Will you pledge?
@OhioDistrict12
Sir, only way to fix this is by cutting healthcare costs, not insurance. And definitely NOT giving a tax break to the rich!
The thing is th "R" nevertheless offered another one they were asked for input brought in to talk no input unlike behind closed door aproach
Yours, Trumps, and the GOPs sabotage is a big part of the problem! Stop creating chaos and uncertainty in the insurance market!
Have you tried not sabotaging it then blaming the bill? Just a thought. But I know thinking hurts sometimes.
WH doing all it can to topple aca. Obamacare needs to be fixed. Everyone must buy insurance or severe penalties. No tax brks for wealthy.
Its actually worked fine for my ohio family. My premiums have only rose as much as they always had and I have more things covered.
Please lose the party line. You are in position to fix it. No excuses. #DontNixItFixIt
So do u mean it's not working for rich white families? Aka ur family and close friends? What about the foster care kids who need this?
I can tell you're wavering. Not sure why, other than you want Ohio to suffer, so that you can please your Master 
Say it with me folks, Single. Payer.
The right way is to fix what we already have.   Why will the GOP not do this?
The ACA would be fine if the #GOP and @realDonaldTrump would allow the funding to be approved. You all are purposely choking it to death.
Resign
It's worked great for me
Meanwhile, the president of the United States tweets immature nonsense.  Why does your party support him?
The ACA is working for many families. Listen to the stories of your constituents. Do the right thing for the people of Ohio.
Giving the wealthy a tax cut, taking away the Medicare expansion, and millions losing health care is not the answer.
It is not working because it was undercut. Improve it don't repeal it
The right way is to write it in the "sunshine."  Have meetings with your constituents, listen without hiding. Stop your hypocrisy.
Help me understand. You helped write this bill. Why are you criticizing what it does?  You are the very definition of hypocrite.
Exactly Rob we need what these other 1st world countires have not your crap GOPCARE 3rd world HC.  350 mil ppl in USA think economy of scale
Why? How is the ACA failing you personally?
Sounds like your constituents don't feel like you're listening. #2018Vote
If it's not working, that's because Republicans defunded the risk corridor and intentionally scared providers away.
SEVEN YEARS!
the Medicaid portion is Insurance is what is needed by elderly and reps. seem to be bent on cutting this from under elderly.
Thank you Senator. No need to reinvent the wheel. Forget party lines and do what's right for Americans. Fix ACA.
Its not working because the party w/majority in both houses(GOP) has not properly funded the ACA and fullfilled the gov obligation try again
Insurance companies are running from the INSECURITY and LACK OF LEADERSHIP from the OVAL office. 
NO TAX CUTS.
FIX ACA.
BE FEARLESS.
The reason its not working is big pharma is allowed to say it isn't making any money and yet their profits say otherwise.
Not gonna lie, it would be working better if you lot hadn't gutted it, but it is working. If you strip it away, you will harm Ohio families.
no taxcuts / money for the rich..nothing to do with healthcare
FIX THE #ACA!!! Stop trying to kill Ohioans!! We are watching!
You do not know the right way. It's working for me in NEO. Youre sabotaging it putting Ohioans at risk. Anthem left bc YOU threatened it
It would work better if the GOP didn't spend so much time actively sabotaging it instead of working to improve it. Just sayin'.
I'm a nurse at UC, I read health policy - properly finance ACA - that's what doesn't work. Senate bill will devastate lives!
Make a motion to give up all Congressional healthcare so we can all believe you understand our healthcare problems.
You could fix the ACA.  You just wont.
Then don't work in back rooms but rather work with democrats in open hearings.  Bring light to the darkness!
Stop lieing.  ACA works for alot of us in ohio. Do u even care?
Please Repeal Obamacare!
You are tone deaf. You refuse to listen to your constituents. You broke it. Fix it. Stop trying to reinvent the wheel.
We are an Ohio family that could die as a result of this cruel bill. #AVheartblock, #Renalcancer #ProtectOurCare
Thank you for sharing this story. It's important for @senrobportman and all Ohioans to understand what the #ACA does.
That's a lie, Senator.  The ACA is working for THOUSANDS of Ohio families, but not ALL.  Make some additions to law to help more people.
We are an Ohio family who #Pre-exist. Your bill would end us financially.
DISAGREE!!!!!!!!!
URA shill for the wealthy.
You need to keep the taxes. Improve and extend  aca to cover all.
Nothing but tax cuts for your super rich buds .......... shame on you !!!!!!!
Thank you for refusing the #BHCA
OMG !!!!!!!  @SenateMajLdr and his secret 13 , of which you played a major part , had forever to do what had to be done .....
Work to lower pharm costs and premiums will go down instead of lower for younger and higher for older! Keep Ess Hlth Benefits
ACA works for a great many people. But it's hard for it to work at its full potential while being sabotaged by Republicans.
Bottom line, though, is that it must be done. Standing on "principles" is same as support for OCare. Our constitution designed on compromise
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT? Years to come up with a plan and ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to show for it. I'm an Ohio Republican. Fed up.
It's the $382,100 you've received from healthcare and pharmaceutical companies that have caused the ACA to fail in Ohio! You are to blame!!!
It would work if the GOP w/stop sabotaging it& if the WH would commit to making payments to participating providers.Repeal is NOT the answer
And you proposed how many bills to fix the ACA in the last 8 years?
Can you please explain why the rich get tax breaks with the  trump/republican health care plan?
I have been hearing talk about you having issues with the proposed health bill. Covering all the current Medicaid recipients can't be done.
Is it true that the ACA that the GOP sabotaged ACA?  Can't it be fixed?
Like Single Payer?
Then fix ACA. Keep the parts that are working and change the ones that aren't. Listen to Ohio. Work with Democrats. Stop playing politics!
BCRA is not a healthcare system. It is a tax cut for the rich paid for by cutting Medicaid and other health services. ACAis a better system.
Then FIX it. Don't support something worse. Affordable, Quality Healthcare is a right for ALL Ohioans!
Don't know who you're talking to - It's working for the people I know.
.There are many problems with the ACA, to be sure. Work with Democrats when you return to fix the problems you see in OH. #NoBRCA
another safe statement.  but, don't skirt around fact that @GOP is hurting ACA and the markets by letting it fail.  @GOP and you r majority
It's working with my family!
Please tour OHIO & speak to constituents that will be losing coverage with GOP bill. Face folks & tell them how this bill helps them.
It's not just Medicaid that's the problem w tRumpcare. Preexisting conditions, #agetax, #essentialhealth all need 2 B fixed to protect Ohio.
ACA won't work because it's actively being sabotaged.  But there are ways to make it better...
What is the right way, in your opinion?
Let insurers know what's going on next year and it would work.
They are leaving because of uncertainty.  Caused by you and the GOP.
Fix ACA.
Rob only cares about legislation that benefits his corporate donors not working Ohioans.
Then why didn't you try to fix it before? You are playing politics with the lives of your constituents
Time for the Senate to repeal the failed ACA instead of just talking about it
You're one of the only people on this thread that has said it's failed. Are you directly impacted and if so how?
#SinglePayer #NonProfitHealthcare
Here's an idea: How about setting aside your egos and working with Dems to improve the ACA? Reason it's not working: concerted GOP sabotage
#singlepayer is the only way to come out of this a hero. If you really care about your constituents.
Pls tell me that you are not in favor of the AHCA or BCRA.
We want you to:
1. Stop the BS.
2. Stop the BS.
3. Stop the BS.
4. Fix ACA.
Period.
Keep holding the kids head underwater and yelling hes drowning. Thats all this is
Fix it since you haven't been able to develop and perfect your own plan for the past 7 yrs!!!
It's better than kicking millions off of health insurance.
Wouldn't it be great if you actually met with your constituents to talk about what is and isn't working for their families?
The bill you wrote makes everything worse. Fix the problems with the ACA
It's called single payer!
for 300M and having only 40% paying taxes?  Ask CA how their proposal looked
That's because US politicians crafted it.   Look at Luxembourg, Japan, France...drug companies & insurance companies are in their pockets!
many reasons won't work...
So every other nation in the world has it wrong and we are doing it the right way?
This is real life Senator, not a bad Ayn Rand novel. ACA, though imperfect, has saved lives & done good. Work across isle to make it better
so why has the mortality rate decreased?
Right, but that requires more money, not a big cut to fund tax cuts for the rich. Beef it up, don't water it down!
Full Repeal only!!!!
With all due respect, you're not working for Ohio either. You will be killing hundreds of thousands of Ohioans if you repeal the ACA.
We've heard these platitudes. Tell us how what of healthcare will you defend. Preexisting condition, lifetime limits, essential services?
Furthermore if you want to do it the right way listen to hospitals, economists, health care experts, especially families here in Ohio.

We have a great model in Medicare. It's customer satisfaction ratings are the best of any large payer in healthcare. Make it for everyone.
so what abt the 20% co-insurance on all OP services with no max OOP?  Didn't think abt that, did ya?
#Trumpcare is worse.  Single Payer is better.
If you really want to "do it the right way" work with @SenSherrodBrown & position Ohio as common sense leader in real health reforms.
You people,ie Republicans, have had 7 years to come up with a plan. You have got nothing. ACA needs repaired not destroyed. GOP=small minds
How have you been working to fix the ACA rather than complain about how it doesn't work? Even Kashich knows the BRCA won't work for Ohio.
Will you fight to protect people with pre-existing conditions like me?
Why does @JohnKasich disagree strongly? His office oversees the ACA admin in OH. #HelpsAddiction
Maybe try looking at the healthcare system of delivery instead of just the payer system?! 
800,000 Ohioans gained coverage, cutting the rate of uninsured by40%. In 2016, people shopping had a wide array of options
If you truly care about Ohio families like mine, don't TELL us repeatedly that ACA is failing, listen & work with us to make it better
So then don't repeal without a better solution.  Your party has had seven years plus to hash out a solution and you have-- NOTHING.
We love.our President Trump. Support him now and forever
Its working just fine for me!I'm a recovering addict&without ACA I can't afford the meds I need to stay clean&healthy!
If you really want to reform health care the right way, don't do it with small group of affluent ideologues locked behind closed doors
I have a pre-existing condition, the ACA made my premiums affordable. What protections are there in your bill for people like me?
Thanks for sharing your story. It's important for @senrobportman and all Ohioans to know what the #ACA does.
But what the senate is proposing is not right either!  Reach across the aisle and make something great for my fellow Ohioans!
By refusing to consider any reconciliations to the original bill your party sabotaged the law of the land. This is on you.
Rob, do you really ask Ohio families or your specially selected audiences? Maybe if you had a town all you'd learn a lot of things.
I never want to hear his name again. The President listens and you need to. We want that repealed
Do you get extra kick backs forom te Koch brothers by posting this over and over
ACA can be made better but not if the goal is to cut taxes for the wealthy or score partisan political points.
where do those tax breaks kick in anyhow?
Just fix it
It has however led to your States epidemic of opioid addiction. Research will show that prescriptions written by so-called physicians.
The ACA is works for this #Ohio family- makes sure my cancer surviving daughter & my son w/ neuro condition have access to health care
EXACTLY THIS!!!!!! https://twitter.com/kevinfiliatraut/status/881235971097886722 … @OhioDistrict12 @CbusIndivisible
Name one vote you made to help the ACA. Name one. Then you can talk about how it isn't working. #leadership

Hmm.... 
Where does this projected $298 billion go?
Well fix what's needed or go to single payer
Correct. Done by the private sector, without federal interference. #MakeDCListen
The right way is to sit down with Dems and reps and take your time to come up with a real solution that helps all Americans
How many ways can you be told that WE WANT YOU TO FIX ACA!!! This is a mandate. Repubs are giving us and taking care away from children. F
I. Fix ACA.   2. Single payer. Both cost effective.
Don't nix ACA just fix it please.. the AHCA is going to be far worse...
That could be a hashtag #DontNixItFixIt
I'm going to start using that!
The ACA is working great for this Ohio family. Why don't you tweak it instead of ripping it out from under those it works for?
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Either fix the #ACA or give us #MedicareForAll.
