Ohio needs you in DC standing up to 45!  Trade, Healthcare, First Amendment and war with at least 2 countries seem to be risk right now.
Portman... stand up to Trump? lol. Maybe, but only after the rest of the party jumps ship. Portman only likes to ride on bandwagons
Ur probably right. His is though my senator, so on occasion I implore him 2 b a man of ethics and morals. It’s a long shot, but worth trying
....and threatening to leave American citizens without aid in Puerto Rico....
That looks like fun. Now that the Indians are out for the season, check in on response to PR.  ALSO, CA IS BURNING
How is it you have time for this but not town halls? #coward #fakefoxnews
It your fault they lost.
People are literally DYING in Puerto Rico. 45 wants to tear down the 1st Amendment. Nuclear war could happen at any time. DO SOMETHING
Robbie
call. We all need to call!
Did you know the #TrumpTaxScam comes with an Alaskan giveaway to Big Oil?
 your Senators: https://5calls.org/issue/block-alaskan-oil-drilling …
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/green/news/2017/10/10/440559/arctic-national-wildlife-refuge-101/ …
Wake up Senator Portman
Did you explain to Slider why you were trying take his healthcare away?
You are enabling a mentally unstable president and carrying out his wishes, no matter who they hurt. You are destroying this country. Shame!
You don't know how baseball works, do you?
Things Portman doesn't understand:

Baseball, healthcare, economics, morality, probably vaginas, struggles of lower socioeconomic classes...
Vote rob Portman out of office.  Bought by ATA and wants truckers to die.
Puerto Ricans are Americans 
Is there any modern precedent for any president of any country being explicitly malicious toward victims of a natural disaster?
.....and challenging the Secretary of State to an IQ test....
Glad you're having fun! Look, you may not know, but there's a crazy person in the White House who is threatening to shred the 1st Amendmt...
Pssst....while your enjoying the game we have a mental patient in the White House!
....Wake up, Senator, and #StandUpToTheBully #FiretheFool
.....and golfing every other weekend while Rome burns....
.....and spending thousands on publicity stunt protest during national anthem....so unpatriotic....
While you're enjoying the game Americans are dying in PR, from gun violence, & ACA sabotage. You are bad at your job. #VotePortmanOut

Trump's actions are those of a would-be neo-fascist despot. Please SHARE these indicators that the president is a clear and present danger. 
Puerto Rico is hoping for drinking water and our president is flying his VP to football games just to walk out. But sure, take a selfie with Slider.
Do you think he even realizes or is he just an oblivious GOP puppet? 

Sadly, I already know the answer
Yeah Slider lost....just like you're going to
I sure hope The Moron doesn’t screw our healthcare with his little pen in his little hand today, complicit much Rob??? #SaveACA #IMPEACHTRUMP
You are a shame and embarrassment to my state. Why don't you do some work before going to a game?
 Seriously, take care of current issues!
Only 6 more months until you pander to Cleveland Indians fans for more votes!
...
You need to be working, Senator.  There are people STARVING to death in PR and there's a president that needs the #25thAmendmentNow
Oh so your another reason we lost. Don't you have a tax reform bill to try and choke us with?
....and attacking members of your party....
And you’re at a ballgame? Don’t you ever work? You could have held a town hall!
“But look at my snazzy jacket—the little lady picked it out.”
"I'm important! I'm a rich politician so I get to go on the field!"
...and threatening nuclear war....
Thanks for bringing the team so much great luck, Rob! So much winning! Get some rest, got some tax cuts for rich to give out in the morning.
Slider and I are hoping you hold a town hall open to the public
No tax cut for billionaires!
You jinxed them by showing up. Why does that seem so fitting?
Fuck you, Rob. Your words mean nothing until/unless you start actually doing something GOOD for your non-millionaire constituents.
And you stand by and watch the despot totally strip healthcare.  Screw you and your party.
PEOPLE IN PUERTO RICO ARE DYING --- RIGHT NOW. #realnews
how many???
This picture epitomizes your uselessness.  Speak up and put your country first,  you fucking coward.
Just STOP the cheesy photos, Rob!  There's some real crap going on!! PR, CA, WH, Russia, NK and you're tweeting pix with a damned mascot!
Impeachment proceedings already. Nuke threats, 1st Amendment attack, generalized mental issues. NOW.
So nice you’re able to enjoy yourself while the rest of us lose sleep over the state of our country.
Please be quiet.
Look at me "representing" my state. Why are you smiling?! This is not happy-go-lucky-political-cameo type of moment!!!
Again, you tweet BS while serious issues are all around! Shame on you!
Single. Payer. Health. Care.
Better catch the red eye to DC. Hear Trump is about to sign an EO that will break insurance market once and for all
GOP ownes this mess.
#RallyTogether now can I get a townhall?
I'm hoping I won't die because I can't afford treatment after your party guts preexisting condition protections
Min 48 PR ppl have died from lack of supplies/response afterwards.  YOU HAVE BEEN OK WITH THIS.   U will have to answer.  Enjoy ur game tho.
How about 2 more? 
People in PR are hoping for water, shelter, food, electricity and medical care.
That would tie the game.
At least we know why we're losing
All we care about is not killing millions of people. What is wrong with you? Are you really a person?
I’m hoping to still have health insurance at the end of the week
Glad you're focused on the important issues, Senator.
Donald Trump letting you go to baseball games?

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
