how about a cleveland town hall?  i asked nicely.....
You need to learn what town halls are and hold them for your constituents & not just some employees of a company.
This. Is. Not. A. Town. Hall.   It. Is. An. Employee. Meeting.  With. A. Speaker......
You don't call it a town hall if you only have a select group of people - you afraid to speak in front of a crowd that can't stand what U do
Not a town hall.
Why didn't you let us know about " town hall"? You are misleading the public.
How is this a town hall?  This is you speaking to a company.  When do WE get the chance to interact with you?
Will do small private "town hall" but not a public in person in the largest city in the state
As you continue to hold private town halls (fundraisers) and cherry pick your audiences, you are alienating most of your constituents.
Talking to employees is not a #townhall
Ohio deserves better
This is not a town hall #youworkforus
This just in, according to @senrobportman the entire town of Lima consists of one disgruntled looking manufacturing center. Who knew
That's not a town hall. That is a presentation. Still waiting for you to announce an actual town hall.
Can you release the transcript of this not-a-town-hall please?
Again, not a town hall. Mandatory employee meeting with bosses watching. Hold a real town hall!!!
Exactly. @senrobportman we know what's up. We've been to a few mandatory meetings.
Portman still hiding from Ohio voters? Not one town hall yet in 2017
How is this a town hall meeting. It's closed to the public. No town in 2017 yet
Town hall meetings are a way for local and national politicians to meet with their constituents and to hear from them.
This really wasn't a Town Hall.
No! That was NOT a town hall meeting. It was a mtg employees were told to attend. Notice the  body language. Where are the women?!
Not a town hall.
One would think you'd pick photo ops w better optics, or are you ok w the msg you only represent men? #NotATownHall #GuestSpeakerStaffMtg
town hall /ˈˌtoun ˈhôl
noun; event at which a public official answers questions from members of the public

OPERATIVE WORD IS PUBLIC!!!!!!!
how soon until you get your own fluffers like Trump has to bring you propoganda folders about how great Ohioans feel about your town halls?
When will you get a dictionary? A town hall is where the public is invited to talk. NOT a private company meeting. Quit LYING! Coward.
a 'captive audience' is not a town hall.
That's not a town hall. That's a public appearance by you at the Manufacturing Center. 
With pre-submitted/approved questions! Not a town hall, Rob.
Visiting a business is not a town hall. You're not fooling anyone.
Again, a closed mandatory meeting at an industry site is not a townhall!
Again, not a town hall.
How about an open town hall?
It's not a town hall. It's a meeting. A town hall is open to all, not by invitation. Still bupkis for a town hall. @CbusIndivisible @mn
Still not a town hall
That is not a town hall. How many times do your constituents have to explain this to you. Coward.
We would love a town hall in Cleveland. Open to the public.
And we'd love one in Cincinnati too!
FAKE congressman. It's gonna feel so good to vote you out!
It's not a town hall, when you only allow select constituents to attend.
This is not a town hall. This is a mandatory meeting for employees. You're hiding from your constituents in plain sight
when you are ready to take the training wheels off the town halls we are waiting in N W Ohio ..... just sayin
Not a town hall!  Workers are not free to speak their mind in front of your donors/their bosses! How much did the owners donate to you?
So, when you say "town hall," you mean it like "thoughts and prayers," I'm guessing?  A meaningless platitude?
NOT a town hall unless public is invited.
A friend was there.  Couldn't speak up bc his boss was right next to him.  You are not a leader Portman.
Omg!!!  IT IS NOT A TOWN HALL!!!!  You are getting more and more ridiculous
Not a town hall. Quit the BS!  You've been ducking those all year, no matter how much we ask. You only go where you'll be well received. Sad
Raise your hand if your going to cut taxes for the wealthy and big corporations for campaign donations #TaxReform
I mean, you can call it a town hall. But it's not a town hall.
It is not a town hall, senator. It was a business event.
Liar
Cut the bs, Senator. Talking to employees who probably had to attend is *not* a town hall. What are you afraid of?
You shake in your booties at the thought of holding a real town hall.
I wish someone would take his phone away. His mindless, incessant tweeting is killing me!
Don't call it a town hall. It wasn't.
Do we need to go over what a town hall is again? Because I think we've done that before.
It's not a town hall when the employer is a donor and the employees are required to be there Rob!
Visiting people at their workplace is NOT a townhall. Have you ever actually held a PUBLIC townhall? That's part of your job, Senator.
Liar! You're a liar! Photo-op every chance you get but a middle finger to your constituents! What a #Disgrace! #PhotoOpRob
Did you tell them their taxes are going up while the wealthiest get tax breaks? Did you tell them you voted to take their healthcare away?
GOP Town Halls these days for most mean phone calls or speaking to small-groups of people who mostly support them. Shameful.
Photo-op Rob still at it with these #FakeTownHalls. When is the REAL town hall?!?!?! Stop hiding!!!!!
78% of Americans living paycheck-to-paycheck. Great wealth inequality since Great Depression.

GOP "solution"? - Make things worse. No tx!
I feel like it's Groundhog Day. Didn't this get explained to you yesterday? #notatownhall #thatscampaigning #asseenincolumbus
This is NOT a town hall, Rob 
Photo of employees most likely forced to be there. Right??? How about a town hall for those who have been begging for one since Jan. 2017?

A #PublicSchool would be a great place to hold a "Town Hall". They're safe enough for our kids -- should be safe enough for you.
Maybe if we all got ourselves addicted to opioids & sex-trafficked, Portman would talk with us?
None of us got that memo in advance of your town hall. You sure no how to avoid the public town hall's
The citizens of Ohio deserve a legitimate town hall to voice our concerns re the current administration/policies.
Was management there? Nothing like a frank discussion in front of the boss.
Not a town hall when it's employees at an employer! How free are they to speak against tax breaks for the rich there!
I've never been in the military or manufacturing, so I will never be in one of your town halls.  Tells me you're not interested in my vote.
THIS. IS. NOT. A. TOWN. HALL.

Looks more like you were a guest speaker at a staff meeting, that hardly qualifies as a town hall.
Were they paid to attend?
Wish you'd start acting like a U.S. Senator and interact with constituents outside of curated safe spaces. Looking pretty spineless, Robert.
Please don't call it a town hall. A town hall is open to all constituents. You should have some town halls with us. Thanks.
Not a town hall, Senator. Trolling Ohioans is not your job. We pay your salary. Least you can do is let us ask you questions.
NOT a townhall. You can keep calling these staged photo ops "town halls," but we'll keep calling you out for lying 
what a diverse group
It's not a town hall. But you know that. I guess you feel free to lie like our President. Coward.
Stop calling these town halls. Other Ohioians have no access to you, unless you photo op at their place of employment. Shame.
Not a town hall if it is at an employer. Employees may be timid in asking questions in front of their boss. Hold an open town hall.
That's not a town hall.
Seriously!
