can we work on getting real facts from #45 and the rest of the republicans first.
how about holding potus and his nominees and advisors to the truth?????
Charity begins at home @senrobportman. Speak out vs. the disinformation coming out of the #Trump administration. #BowlingGreen etc.
maybe start with @potus and his #alternatefacts  or as the common folk call them - lies
I wish you wouldn't sell out kids education out for the campaign contributions you received from DeVoss! Pls vote No on her!!
and the false narratives coming out of the White House
How about an investigation into Russia's ties to the WH? You were once concerned about Russia. Silent since Feb 6.
Hell, even DJT hasn't tweeted for 12+ hours, so the WH must be freaking out in some capacity.
yo are you going to counter #falsenarratives coming from the @WhiteHouse ??
where your concern about false narratives from Russia during the election? Hypocrite
Ohio doesn't want DeVos! She is grossly unqualified. Stand up for Ohio, stand up to Trump!
So when will you hold POTUS accountable for his rhetoric regarding russia?
Then u must take a stand against@realDonaldTrump who supports Putin.  of America is Ohio where TRUTH is our sword & shield
what about #POTUS false info #StopPresidentBannon rob you are #spineless
I applaud your effort rt to ext. threats but #altfact are becoming the norm for #POTUS.
Cleveland wants you to do what's right for children and vote no on DeVos!
What about the false narratives coming out of OUR OWN WHITE HOUSE? #NeverRemember #BowlingGreen
how do we counter propaganda coming out of the Trump/Bannon white house, screeching "fake news" while following Breitbart?
Here's a fact, Betsy Devos is not qualified and I'm no longer voting for you
Do your job and speak out against lies coming from current administration #checksandbalances
YES!  Let's start with countering Trump's lies! Counter the lie that DeVos is an acceptable choice,  VOTE NO!
He turned the phone off when he called Putin! Come on, it's obvious!
too bad our youth won't be educated enough to know the difference when #devos in charge of education
But first we need to protect our children's education in the US. #NotoDeVos
We also need to counter false narratives from Trump. Media is ignoring terrorism??? Please press for truth!
you are a failure as a senator and human being voting for Besty DeVos!
what about false narratives out of the White House.  Respectfully Senator #countrybeforeparty
You know what else is fake? Devos experience. Although that never really existed
No on DeVos!
Ohio says NO to DeVos! NO to Pruitt and NO to homegrown false narratives!!! #alternativefactsarenotfacts
coming out of Russia?? How about #POTUS mouth!!! When is the GOP going to DO something about him!!!???
Please vote No on DeVos confirmation.
You need to vote against DeVos.
Case and point...just because Trump says something doesn't mean you have to believe the lies. Devos is NO GOOD FOR EDUCATION! @senrobportman
A good start to this would be to correct every non factual statement Trump makes on a daily basis.
Ha, I forgot about #Russia!
Stop the propaganda coming out of #bannonspuppet @POTUS #AmericaFirst !!!!!
Vote no on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! Vote no on De vos!
ohio's kid's futures are worth more than the 51K Betsy Devos gave you to buy a cabinate seat. VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
This is important. Thank you for sharing the article. Also, Betsy DeVos is unqualified. But you already knew that.
Agreed on the need to counter false narratives coming out of Russia. Please also counter false narratives coming from the WH.
US too!
Might want to counter false narratives coming from the White House and Trump too?
what about the false narrative coming out of our POTUS? Think we should start by cleaning our house first.
You couldn't be interested in factual info if you think DeVos is qualified to be Sec of Ed.
Little late now after they "elected" the So-called" President!
How about the false narrative that citizens want the EPA destroyed? #voteNoPruitt
we should look at the propaganda, excuse me, #alternativefacts, at home first. Its only 50k to buy a senator.
How about the nonsense coming from the White House?
counter the false narratives coming from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue #noDevos #fakenews
.@senrobportman yes we do! Thank you for supporting this. But what about the new absence of facts on many US sites? @USDA @EPA
vote no on DeVos
Do you think most Americans don't know who is churning out false narratives?
vote for DeVos and you've lost my vote. I will not support a Senator who votes party vs. constituents
pay attention to your constituents....they are paying attention to you!! #dumpdevos
Senator, why is Trump unnamed in any of these tweets? Why are you silent on conflicts, unqualified nominees?
.@senrobportman Please vote NO on #DeVos! Moms are literally BEGGING you to vote NO. And PLEASE condemn the attack on the press and judges.
how can you even tweet this after what the President said today regarding the media and terrorist attacks?
...and you should vote no on DeVos
Please keep an eye on the false narratives coming out of THIS country's highest office. Stand up for truth.
how 'bout you walk the talk at home and call out the administration for being the chief purveyor of false info
.@senrobportman Vote no on #devos. Vote no on your #paytoplay policy. $51k from DeVos, $392k from all donors to your campaign fund. #fail
overwhelming impression is you aren't listening to your constituents here, Senator
Senator don't forget to mention all the false narratives coming from the leader of the Republican Party.
so busy on Twitter, Senator. Staying away from constituents letting you know you should vote #NotoDeVos ?
Senator, do your job and stick up for America and it's citizens. Trump is a clear and present danger. Impeach.
please vote NO on Devos!
AND VOTE NO ON DEVOS! !
And to do that, we need a strong educational system. So, please, #NoonDeVos. Thanks, and #holdthefloor
Great point!  Including false narratives coming out of the White House.
R u trying to distract us from ur disgraceful act of selling r kids to the highest bidder? #indivisibleoh12 #corrupt
Please vote against DeVos, who is clearly not qualified for the position. I'm counting on you!
You need to counter false narratives coming from Trump & GOP.  Including dangerous denial of climate science
Seems like the false narratives are home grown in the WH.
You know what helps people think critically and assess information? Public education. Protect it. #NotoDeVos
you sir are a fraud.
let's counter false narratives coming out of Republican Party before we worry about other countries' integrity
you need to counter the false narratives coming out of the white house and gop!
Yes on facts! Let's support them internationally and nationally!
At the same time, we need @SenateGOP to quit cowering & push back against the barrage of false info from WH!
Factual info: DeVos is unqualified. Sessions is unqualified. Impeach Trump.
these are the indisputable facts. Would love to see you attempt to argue otherwise. I'll wait!
I've read all your tweets today and you're busy ignoring DEVOS! #drainOHswamp2018 #wewillnotforgetOH
we have to counter the forces that are conspiring to destroy our institutions & the reps who sit back & let it happen! #devos
What about the false ones spun by this administration? #BowlingGreen
why don't you counter the false narratives coming out of the white house
The Hill agrees with #StopDeVos  Do you?
False narratives won elections for Republicans like you, & flow daily from @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr & the Republican Prez.
Right - like the crazy narrative that Betsy DeVos is qualified to be confirmed.
you need to vote against Devos.   Be a leader not a follower.
iIf you vote yes on Devos and she fails we will hold you responsible!
#wewillnotforgetOH #drainOHswamp2018
Why don"t you and the @SenateGOP counter @realdonaldtrump who is the KING of false narratives?
Counter false narrative on your support of DeVos bc she is "qualified" when truth is she bought you for 50K!
#drainOHswamp2018 #wewillnotforgetOH
more facts being uncovered every minute! Portman doesn't care about Ohioans or the future of our kids
This is a great tweet to screenshot to hold him accountable when the shit goes down and he knew all along...
Please vote no on Betsy Devos she paid to play Senators she donated to should recuse  She is not Qualified
99% of the information about Russia's fake news
other nations including the US, sir.  infowars, drudge, foxnews… full of propaganda.
Totally agree. We also have to prevent unqualified billionaires from buying cabinet positions. Don't sell out OH #DumpDeVos
yes stand up to trump!  Vote no to DeVos!  #noDevos
So you favor getting rid of Conway and investigating Trump Putin connection?
You had a briefing and you know the truth about Russia and could care less
Integrity over party! Columbus OH wants you to VOTE NO on DeVos!! Don't be bought, listen to your constituents!
what about the false ones coming out of the white house? They are the largest purveyor of fake news.
Thank you, @senrobportman for keeping this important issue front and center. Now: what about illegal Bannon?  -@thedailybeast
How about false narratives coming from the admin? @PressSec @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls
epidemic of "yellow journalism" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellow_journalism … solutions?
Does this include made up terrorist attacks that never happened?
.@senrobportman Darn tootin', sir.
Please listen to the American people and vote NO to DeVos!!
vote no on Devos. Remove Bannon
