Yes, that would be the question asked by 700,000 of your constituents
Alan, ever notice that you save all your snarky editorial comments for Republicans?
Not all, just the best ones.
Good to know that you are aware of your bias. Maybe this is why the media have lost the faith of the electorate.
Or perhaps the truth stings.
Media bias does sting. Do you want to editorialize or do you want to report news?
I've been reporting news fairly for almost 44 years. But maybe you only read 140 characters.
So it's not your reporting that's bias, just your twitter comments?
NO!!! SHAME!!!! Stop the repeal - you are NOT doing what Americans want!
what are u replacing it with. You no more preexisting conditions, we want the insurance u have. Single.payor payor. Socialist
no! NO ACA REPEAL.
I believe that all senators should have their existing healthcare removed & replace it with the plan they have for Americans
and those solutions are....?
Why not say what you mean. ..." pleased to take insurance from the desperate or helpless to line my pocket."
Look at his face, You are taking his health insurance away. My grandson 3 open heart in 6 years. Have you no soul. COWARD
cannot respond to that can you. COWARD
Shame on you @senrobportman
BETTER (for ALL) is key!  #ACA #unfollowTrump
My dad and his only grandchild after suffering a stroke. Learned how to walk and talk again. Depends on ACA. Your constiuent.
@SenSherrodBrown Ohio does not want Obamacare repeal
so disappointed in what you are allowing to happen .
so killing Americans by taking their #aca healthcare w/o a replacement plan is the current plan? Just checking..
When will you be hosting a public town hall to discuss this issue and take questions from constituents? We are waiting... #NO
you are going to lose your next election
So glad you're pleased. And we're all dying (some of us literally) to know what your better plan is.
We need a bipartisan solution that improves both care and access. No repeal unless the replacement does both.
we get that you want to repeal but we want to see the replacement.  We deserve better than these answers
Here's a checklist for your constituents see how much they'll be hurt by your #ACA repeal.
please keep tweeting this
First things first. New, better plan, repeal. You know better. You all know better. @SpeakerRyan
Failing Ohio again Senator.  Embarrassed by you.
What a joke! Only insurance companies will benefit- especially b/c you have no plan other than "something better." Show us ACTUAL policy!
"We're gonna replace it"
"Replace it with what, I am afraid of dying here"
"Hey look over there!"
*pulls bs titillating headlines from butt*
I'm very DISpleased by this disruptive, harmful course of action!!
Why not replace first? #whatstheplan?
Is it theft or murder when you steal from someone and they needit to survive?
replace or rip apart , GOP is very short on details and ideas.
Just a reminder that @senrobportman supports cutting off healthcare access to poor and sick Ohioans who will die without it. #UnChristian
What is the replacement? Looking forward to the unveiling!?!
How about fixing the parts that don't work, not throw the baby out with the bath water.
Rob Portman after he voted to kick babies born with cancer off of Obama care
GOP doesn't have a plan. Repeal of the Affordable Care Act will kill Americans. Their blood is on your hands. Sleep well.
constituent from 43085 here. Why are there no specifics of a replacement plan?
How do you sleep at night?
Yes, let's do it! Universal healthcare!
pls pls help put replacement plan together BEFORE repeal. Slow down, do it right. PLEASE
it's nice that you are happy with yourself for taking healthcare away from 20 million Americans.  High standards!
shame on you! I will hold you all accountable when people get cant get health services!
ACA saved us during unemployment. Only way daughter's CHD could b covered. What r families to do until "replacement?"
Hey Rob- We know the uninsured rate on Ohio today. We'll be comparing your results come election day.
Pleae do not repeal the ACA. It will hurt too many Americans.
You've had many years to create a new plan, where are the details??? Why not have something in place first OR don't repeal!
You are pleased to take health care from people?   After 8+ years you still don't have any ideas.  You are a shame.
will you commit to getting your own insurance through whatever exchange replacement you deem adequate for the rest of us?
if you have a replacement that improves the ACA, why haven't you proposed it already?
And here are details of the replacement:
Your party has had YEARS to draft a replacement.   I find it hard to believe you.  Stop lying to your constituents.
It's terrible process to repeal first and find solutions later. That makes this partisan, not about helping the American people.
Don't rush. You've only had 7 yrs to come up with a plan. Take your time.
go after the drug companie
We need Medicare for all.  Time for U.S. to join the rest of the "civilized" world.
Republicans are doing this out of spite. Your party just dug its grave for 2018 midterms.
now they gonna be busy digging a whole lotta other graves...
You're all despicable human beings. If you weren't so busy patting yourself on the back, you might realize that.
Can you just rename Obamacare Trumpcare so you feel better about it? Or go back to Romneycare name? Then make adjustments.
Exactly, we don't care what you call it.
I want whatever health plan you have. If you repeal the ACA, replace it with that.
in Ohio we will call it Portman care. Undergoing cancer treatment now. Pretty sure you don't care. #deadamericans
Sent. You a tweet. America's Financial Salvation. Takes care of Healthcare. Contact: donalddavidson1948@gmail.com
You are taking away my grandson's only healthcare insurance.  What a cold heart you have!
Ok, after all your tweets and you not responding to anyone, I'm going there: DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
Be responsible: don't repeal unless there's a clearly superior replacement plan in which no one loses current coverage.
Might it make sense to propose a replacement, then have town halls to get constituent feedback?
The better solution is? Be honest, there is no replacement& have no plan to make one. We pay your care but want to cut ours.
I'm begging you; keep access to clinical trials mandated. Only thing keeping me alive. Seriously.
I'm not and you've lost my vote.
Medicare for all is the only acceptable solution.
Why did you not have a plan in place already? Why did you not fix what was not working instead of scrapping it entirely?
Read the GOP plan hidden on better..gop. Basically 37pp saying HSAs are great & get one. What about ppl who can't afford it?
@SenateGOP the cart before the horse. GOP putting AM ppl at risk for their own party agenda. Shameful, Arrogant, Malicious!
will you be having constituent hearings to get feedback about your ideas or nah?
I think congress should repeal their own healthcare plan. No health plan for Congress until America gets one.
Amen
May you be haunted the rest of your days reminded that you shat on health and future of your constituents.
what is the plan? Ease people's anxieties about being left behind with no coverage
ah yes, the solutions. and what, pray tell, are those? oh wait. the do-nothing republicans don't have anything but spite.
You had time to work w Dems to improve. Chose not to. You have no better plan
GO. TO. HELL.
better get your pencils sharpened - it's been 7 years and still you've offered nada.
Congress is employed by constituents not your party leaders.
Except you Republicans don't have that solution, do you? Admit it. You simply don't care about your constituents. #Obamacare
Will you guarantee your plan will cover as many or more, ensure pre-existing conditions covered, & not put costs on poor & working class?
Would you promise not to repeal any aspect of the ACA until you can ensure these conditions are met in a replacement?
have you considered going off your healthcare plan and going on your new plan to show faith in what you create?
What's in your plan? Why should we trust these action if we know nothing about the replacement plan?
These solutions did work for everyone. Your replacement, unless it's universal healthcare, will work for considerably less.
Could you work on the replacement before you repeal? Only way to keep your promise that no one will lose their coverage.
Will you also be losing your health insurance, Senator?
You've had 8 yrs to work on it. What do you have? @senrobportman #Crickets #MakeAmericaSickAgain
I am a disappointed constituent.This better be replaced with something better with no one kissing coverage.
