uh oh. Your crazy man in the White House is. It going to like this.
you say all kinds of stuff but when it's time to show what you're made of, we know you'll follow the party line. #sellout
.@senrobportman What are *you* doing to help get to the bottom of Russian influence within the White House? When will you stand up?
then demand that Flynn be fired.
why don't you reaffirm commitment to your state and constituents?  Your support is in question.
I don't think thexWH agrees. Please explain.
this might be a reason to explore T****'s covert relationship with Russia.
On the one hand, you're right. On the other hand, I question your  commitments to your constituents and to US democracy.
Russia/Flynn/45??? there's something really f*uckef up going on and you need to find out what it is. !!!
talk is cheap and u "talk" too much. Ur lack of action shows much more about who u really r -Senator who puts GOP b4 country.
When is your townhall in CLE Senator? We've been calling and emailing daily with no reply.
you need to support thorough complete and bipartisan investigation of Russian influence on trump GOP and election
I just hope you are strong enough, to make the right decision, when the time becomes obvious.
wow great talking point for a town hall
Where is your commitment to your constituents? #DeVosvote
what was our involvement in the coup?
Keep sanctions on Russia
#TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #RussiaSanctions
how do you feel about the president's ties to Russia?  Will you ask for Flynn's resignation? Independent investigation?
Investigate Trump, his Campaign, his administration, the election    Influence, and business connections with Russia.
Reruns again. New Walking Dead tonight tho.
Trump proposed torture, killing innocent families in countries whose oil he says we should steal. You voted for a #fascist.
not only voted for him, but for ALL his cabinet. Lockstep GOP. No personal integrity
Then stand up to Trump!!!!  Why are you letting him get away with all the lies and treacheries?
what about Trump and Russia??? You vote party line??
Right after you commit to guaranteeing health care to 20M Americans covered by ACA
So maybe stop supporting the president with direct ties to Russia?
Then why aren't you calling for an inquiry re:Flynn and subsequent dismissal. Your words mean nothing without action. #resist
that goes against the executive branch, you should probably stop giving the Ukrainians any kind of hope.
I would ask that you reaffirm your commitment to the Ohioans who voted for you. Not happy with how you were bought by DeVos
and you intend to do???????
Perhaps you should relay this to Trump.
Thank you!
So you're also going 2 push the investigation of Russia's hold on DT since this directly affects implementation of US policy?
Your lack of support of our education system is a crime!
this isnt going to distract us from the fact you are selling you votes for $51k.
I pray your actions will back up these decent words, Senator.
Have you checked this out with DJT? Wouldn't want to upset Russia after all the work they did on our election!

.@senrobportman  Your actions never seem to match your rhetoric.  You are just another follower, not a leader.
I wish you cared about Ohio as much as you cared about the Ukraine. How much did it cost them to buy you?
thanks for selling our children down river by giving us @BetsyDeVos. We will never forgive or forget
you need to step up and represent your constituents by standing up to Trump and his Putin ties.
Your support for a working educational system, however, is now highly in question.
What did you do with the $51.000 that was giving to you for your vote. We Will Remember!!!!
To do this, we need to be sure there isn't a path to Russia thru our IC.   Flynn lies to us, to the VP.   What will you do?
#noallies
thoughts on the White House supporting Russia instead of Ukraine
Good luck with that because Putin's influence is already in the White House. Stand up and insist on an investigation.
Taking you at your word that you're serious about this. Expecting vocal support for a #Flynn investigation.
start with WH/Russian ties investigation.
uggh....another non-controversial nothing of a statement that doesn't speak to anything your constituents want to know
Cute. Are you aware of what is going on within the administration you so boldly represent? Lip service does nothing.
Until you investigate russian influence with Trump&Flynn with same zeal Clinton emails were probed your words are meaningless
.@senrobportman So maybe tell 45 to stop nuzzling in Putin's chest hair. What a transparent attempt to placate us w/o making 45 mad. #manup
also investigate Flint who has a habit of giving away top secret info and is Russian ties
don't tell us, tell Donnie! Shouldn't you be pushing to have him evaluated by a psych professional?
are you going to push @potus on this front? The Pres cannot be cozy with Putin and still support Ukraine.
you know what would help Ukraine? An investigation of the Admin's ties to Russia. Flynn is a puppet. He needs to go.
Well it *is* in question when our president is working for Putin. Please stop dancing around that fact.
He isn't working for Putin. Quit making excuses. You lost. You didn't appeal to the working class. Now get a life
