But that would shake up the GOP base. So we'll just expect more hamburger truck tweets. #worthless
Not good enough Rob. You have to say these words: "The KKK is evil. White supremacists are evil. The actions of racists are evil. No more."
SenPortman @SenSherrodBrown pls get rid of Columbus confederate memorial https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camp_Chase  cc @StreetFightWCRS @MurderBryan @BrettPain
Where is your spine? Where is your voice? Can you really continue to stand by and say nothing about what DJT and the alt right are doing?
What does this even mean? It's like you have to check boxes for a tragedy tweet 1. Pray 4 victims 2. Law enforcement 3. Patriotism #shame
This wasn't an accident it was terrorism #callitwhatitis
I've been saying that all day.  Practice run.
Typical @senrobportman noncontroversial gobbledygook! This was terrorism Rob, grow a spine for once!
1st pic is from #Charlottesville, Saturday- happened next to the police dept. 2nd pic is from before 11/8/16. #YouKnewThen
THAT'S IT? How about "I will not stand with a president who condones this culture of hate? I demand he denounce this act of terrorism!"
Prayers (thoughts, vibes, mojo) don't combat white supremacy and domestic terrorists. What are you *doing*?
Until you fight them and their #maga supporters, you are part of the problem.
That sentiment is confusing. BLM has a faction of opportunists as do supremacists. The key diff is BLM is about love and supremacists, hate.
Hahaha.  Both are about hate of the other, while disguising as self love.  Hahaha
Untrue. Don't confuse the justified anger of BLM supporters with hate.
Hahaha.  "Justified" is in the eye of the beholder.   BLM are cultural Marxists and "justified" is a construct meant to silence critics.
I think it's clear the opinion here is mine—and theirs. As for cultural marxism, perhaps you'd explain that to me?
they allowed it to happen
Condemn them by name! White supremacists, Nazis, KKK! Boilerplate sympathy is nothing. Make Ohio proud of u, not ashamed. Lead, don't pander
You mean the ones that showed up a little too late to stop the fights and death that occured (by an Ohioan no less)?
You forgot to say you condemn neo nazis and white nationalists... Ohio had men at that rally, take a stand against it
Accomplice.
How about doing something? Pass a bill that labels all supremacist groups as terrorists. You would if it were black panthers #PortmanMustGo
Thanks for saying that. Now how do you feel about the alt right views of demonstrators? Please go on the record. @senrobportman
Thankful for citizens who show up and stand up against bigotry and hate!
Not enough.  You must condemn the president for his immoral response.  Where's your backbone?
Tell our president to do the same
The act of Terrorism by White Nationslist, KKK, White Supremacist, Alt-Right Nazis from OHIO.Check this out abt CentervilleOH
This is all you got? Can you look up from your opioids and sex trafficking addiction to deal with the white nationalist you created?
Portman #YouWillBeHeldAccountable for not calling out that American Nazi @realDonaldTrump
No. Talk about #racism and #RacistTrump
Maybe look into charging those who
attended from Ohio (there were many that did and attacked innocent people) with a hate crime.
Please name the tragedy.   Please insist that your fascist friend in the White House names it and condemns it
Nice sentiment. What's your plan to counter white supremacy & its supporters? I'm one of your POC constituents. Do something. Talk is cheap.
Your prayers are useless. DO SOMETHING! #ACAB
If you don't condemn trump's rx to this, you are complicit. Denounce white supremacy. Your chance to do the right thing!
Prayers are ephemeral. YOU are an elected leader with power. Start working for Ohioans NOW. Fight terrioism by Ohioans against Americans.
"I condemn White Supremacy, but vote for Trump's agenda" is the new "I send thoughts and prayers to the victim, but vote against gun safety"
CONDEMN THEM. Tell Ohioans that it's not ok. Tell them to condemn it too. #Charlottesville #deplorables
.@senrobportman Who exactly do you represent? Who do you work for?
.@senrobportman I was going to say something about, you know, white supremacy, but it seems several dozen people beat me to it.
Mr Portman, my patience is GONE.  We WILL hold GOP responsible for not getting rid of him.    TIC TOC.
And yet your president still won't denounce the Neo-Nazi who drove the car or the white supremacists he came to rally with.
All he said is "I'm against bad things" in general. Why can't he speak more generally about NK and more specifically about these terrorists?
The man who needs to appear "strong" and "decisive" about everything else, can't find the words to tell these people (who say they are...
...helping him achieve his MAGA dreams) that he doesn't support them or their cause. If they did this in your name, would you be silent?
How about you get a lil more specific about what the problem is, buddy.
Senator, you are trying to stay neutral with your carefully chosen words. Speak out against racism, nazism, and the KKK.  Speak up for love.
Yet no denunciation of the KKK, Nazis and associated hate groups????
Senator, grow the eff up. Your support of the prez buttresses such movements & will continue to do so until your party takes REAL action.
Senator, I want to thank you for your swift & strong statements against white nationalism. I disagree with you at times, but I respect you.
I'm thanking for Law Enforcement - But why were they on side streets standing down when BLM & Antifa were out in force with bricks and bats?
Enough prayers. God is tells no us to stop this.
Nazi fascism was defeated 72 years ago. Why won't you denounce white supremacy? Resign.
What say you now @senrobportman #muslim hate! Bet they don't do that around #Veterans @DAVHQ @POTUS @MSNBC @FoxNews @wcpo
Your prayers mean shit. Several of these Nazis are from Ohio. Denounce white supremacy and the "Alt-Right". Be a leader.
I don't believe our senator is such a good man. @senrobportman seems to be self serving more than anything
Another coward statement by a man you has no honor.  You do not deserve to represent the citizens of Ohio.  Shame.
Robby you consistently support Trump so you are as guilty as he is which makes you just as responsible for this horrible event. SHAME!
Did Yu seem the ad to hire paid protesters to cause mayhem in Charlotte. Will Yu speak out on this. Soros at work again. DEMOCRATS at work.
That sounds trite and almost genuine. Do the survivors know that the supremacist voted for you?
I hope you're praying for strength to do something about it. Here In Ohio.
Don't support those who support white supremacy. Like Josh Mandel
Law enforcement stood idle until the last possible minute
Neo Nazis carrying shields and clubs do not replace law enforcement and should not represent anyone's base of support.  #Charlottesville
....and you will do what to help stop this evil in our country?
Actions speak louder than words.  What actions are you taking to fix racism and domestic terrorism?  Or do you just use empty words?
Congrats on praying. Now stop supporting this administration & racist voter suppression laws. This is your responsibility.
Now would be a good time to speak out against the alt-right that are Trump Supporters #Charlottesviille #StopHate
Useless thoughts and prayers. Condemn and stop nazis in America.
All the tweets in the world won't negate the fact that you keep ignoring the majority of your constituants. Are we not worth your time?
One of YOUR voters did this!! Your empty sentiments are hollow. Take the lead and keep us safe from your supporters!
This is no longer America! Follow the money to Koch brothers and Mercers!
You and the GOP need to get Bannon,Gorka and Miller out of the White House! They are white supremacists!  Get on this Rob!!!!!!
You've been doing a couple HALF decent things. Call out this Nazi KKK stuff!!!
People are begging you for leadership but you hide behind being "concerned" about victims. Pray yes. Express sympathy yes. Denounce evil no!
Do you hear the people asking you for leadership?  Say it so all hear.  Hate groups are to be condemned.  Stand up for the victims!
Afraid to call it a terrorist act and a murder??? SHAME on you!!!
Are you also a coward like POTUS who is afraid to challenge neo-Nazis and white supremacists?? #notmyAmerica
Have you watched the footage? Law enforcement was beyond slow to respond.  #reformthepolice
Praying won't stop this. Take action. Removal of the white supremacists from the WH for a start.
Finally.
You are endorsing @JoshMandelOhio #ALTRIGHT lover & slug #GOP haters shedding tears while pushing 
No one wants your prayers. Act against the fascist president you and your soulless party are enabling. 

The @GOP must go ....
A denouncement of white supremacists is very much needed from you, unless you want us to assume you're agreeing with their message!
What an offensive non statement, Senator. How about condemning the Nazis and white supremacists responsible for yesterday?
You should demand the President remove Bannon, Miller and Gorkha from his administration. They actively support the groups responsible.
What a limp and meaningless statement. Any strong leader would take a decisive stand and unequivocally denounce hatred. Sir...
stop praying and get rid of the Trump/Pence regime. Until then, you are all the same to us.
What a weak and cowardly statement.
Please call for prosecution of Charlottesville murder as domestic terrorism.  Thank you.
PLEASE make a statement condemning white supremacists...and PLEASE pass legisltation to keep Trump's fingers off the nuclear button..
And that we, as Ohioans, are disgusted that it was a man from our state who committed such a horrible act.
And that many more were injured and beaten in the streets and the Nazi terrorists got away with zero repercussions
You forgot to mention that a woman was murdered by a terrorist in broad daylight...
Denounce white nationalism. Otherwise this is what you stand with.
GOP business as usual confirms beliefs of violent racists, emboldens them. Don't just return to stoking racist fires until the next tragedy.
Democrats defending their history blaming it on Republicans. But really? The confederates they are trying to hide were Democrats!
If the law would have stopped blm in beginning none of this would have happened
The question now is what will you do about the climate created by POTUS, DOJ, and GOP complicity? Will u continue to ignore or do something?
You have to do more to stop this. You have the power. Use it. Speak up.
Words like these mean absolutely NOTHING if they're not accompanied by action

#Charlottesville
You & every other congressmen who pander to #Trump are all complicit in the domestic terrorism that occurred yesterday

#Charlottesville
Happened just last week, and literally NO GOP congressman said anything.  Silence on many things is why we r here.
Lots of OH people in that white supremacist rally, Rob. Tackle it right here.
What will you do/say against white supremacists? Law enforcement agents and innocent citizens take the blows and shots from these criminals.
Speak out against Trump and the white supremacists!
Praying is cowardice. YOU and the @GOP can push to get the white supremacists out of the White House. But will you?
US backed fascists used Tiki torches in Kiev;   and then we saw it again in Charlottesville.   Was Victoria Nuland still handing out cookies
Instead of praying for them, why don't you denounce white supremacy and work on enacting legislation that is fair to ALL Americans.
Fair to all Americans would include prosecuting Antifa and BLM for their violence yesterday right?
Speaking of Law Enforcement, care to denounce the recent police brutality in #EuclidOH ?
...and if you really, truly care, you can join a few thousand of your constituents at City Hall at 5 pm...you've been avoiding your people.
2018. Hold him and all other GOP responsible.  I've had enough, what about you?
Can you at least condemn KKK, Alt-Right (aka White Supremacists) are Domestic Terrorists?  Don't be like Trump and say "all sides."
Policy funding to support anti-hate, responsibility to probe &a call out Senate/WH colleagues and lead without fear of politics, needed!
Wow, took you a while, Senator. Been busy scheming to take away our health care, or what?
Your silence over the years, and your support of so many bills based on racist myths, says more than any pat statement you make now.
I am thankful for all the counter protesters who stood up for what is right in our country even though our President will not. Shame.
Counter protestors? What a joke! Armed with baseball bats and steel pipes, but then facts don't fit the narrative you commies are selling.
The time is NOW to speak out. White nationalists are in our White House.
People need action not prayers.
This is your fault as a member of Congress who refuses to do their job which is taking down the abomination @realDonaldTrump Impeach or 25th
Waiting for you to condemn white supremacy like
Then please denounce Josh Mandel who supports these yahoos
Also, your prayers are meaningless unless you do your job as an equal branch of government and stand up to the fascists in the WH.
45208
Didn't your mother ever tell you about guilt by association? You support @realDonaldTrump then you are guilty too.
What about the law enforcement in Euclid or the open excessive force investigation? Any statement?
Until you stand up against Trump, you are part of the problem and share in the blame. #Charlottesville
You will not call out White supremacists and the KKK either ? You president has 2 working in the WH and a Nazi too When does it stop
Nazi Soros funding Antifa & BLM=Ok, right? Soros on 60 mins said being a Nazi was "the best time of his life." Yeah pot, enjoy ur delusions.
Praying? Uh... okay, that's helpful
Only took @senrobportman 8 tweets today, and still no mention of the white supremacist, neo-nazi, terrorist base he panders to.... 
Wow, tucking this in between trafficking and self-serving opioid tweets really shows off how much you care.
#wearentstupid
#REALTownHallNOW

keep your KKK trash in Ohio from now on.  kthxbai
