Mmmm, not really. It helps only the 1%. That’s not the middle class.
Doubt it.
Liar.
Don't screw FERS participants out of EARNED benefits!
By repealing the deduction for state and local taxes? I don't think so, Rob. Shouldn't the 1%, who earn 50% of the money, pay 50% of taxes?
Please tell us where to read the legislation containing your plan.  Thank you.
I appreciate you calling out the need for Tax Reform
No it doesn't 11
Horse feathers.
no it does not !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Coward
No, it doesn't.
I’m so glad that the children of families having more than 11 million dollars won’t be taxed on their inheritance. What a joke.
So the rich AREN'T getting the tax break? WE are??
How does repealing the estate tax (and AMT) help middle-class families?

no we all agree it shouldn't benefit the super wealthy which is what it actually does.
Let's have a look at it
#taxreform You must have a new plan that I haven't seen. Where can I find the plan that doesn't focus on WEALTHfare?
Rob I'm old enough to remember when you were semi credible.  How about a sit down where we discuss some non partisan reviews of this "plan"?
this is who it focuses on
After or before the massive tax cuts for the wealthy?
You are bought and paid for by your wealthy donors and that is who this will help. Not the people of Ohio.
You all agreed to lie about helping the middle class.
Liar.
No, actually it doesn't help middle class as much as the wealthy.  You are trying to mislead us.
No, it doesn't. As usual, the middle class will pick up the tab.
Where is Town Hall?
Raise deductions for middle class . Even though corporate tax rate is 35% they do not pay that , write offs and tax shelters in islands.
Have you read this bill... Everyone seem to think the opposite.
“We all agreed...”  Hey, Rob, WE all agreed that you have become a partisan shill for corporations and the rich, afraid to engage with us.
Your plan helps only the rich. Everyone else's taxes will increase. We don't want this kind of tax bill. Do us a favor and vote NO.
Rob, you're getting to be almost as big a liar as Trump.
Let's agree to have a public, in-person town hall in Ohio! Your last one was in October 2014.
Portman is a coward like Trump hiding behind a twitter account instead of facing the media and town halls answering the hard questions.
No, it doesn't
Details please!  Just Republican rhetoric st the moment
So far your plan helps the wealthy. Don’t lie
What the hell are you talking about? At least be honest when your cutting taxes for the week-to-do.
All those middle class people who are incorporated and have multi milli
no, it does not do that.  Unless you believe that a middle class family makes $200,000 a year.
You must really think the residents of Ohio are real dumbasses. You’re clearly stating lies - easily proven lies. You’re a traitor to OH!
Oh noooo! PLEASE don’t borrow DJTisms like “we all agree that _____” you are BETTER than that !!
Who are you representing Sir???
Be Remembered. Be like John McCain.
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReforms Unless #45 reveals taxreturns as promised in campaign;NO #TAXREFORM.Must know how#45 benefits #Emoluments @nytimes
What about the billions of dollars in deficit created by this tax cut for the rich?
Deficit!!!! Stop taking money from the NRA!  Earning $100,000 a year ISN"T a middle-class family.  Try $36,000.
BULLSHIT! U obviously spend time on knees servicing Trump, but DO NOT think ppl are as stupid as you are. Only rich will get tax break!!
Don't lie.  It screws the middle class.  Please, just for once...tell the truth.
No. It doesn't.
We all agree Trump is incompetent. Focus on that.
But what does it do the upper echelon, care 2comment? I mean it probably does "help" the middle class but at w/percentage vs upper class.
No evidence of this in any details released to date. Only benefits to wealthy. Please share details #TaxReform
Nope
No it doesn’t   And you know it doesn’t.  Release your taxes.  And get the orange snowflake to release his.   Let’s crunch some numbers here
Cutting out the estate tax does not benefit the middle class one bit. You want to cut Medicaid and Medicare to benefit the top 1%
How can you lie like that and look at yourself in the mirror???
you better read it again
Let’s see Trump’s tax returns first. What’s he hiding?
Are you aware this tax reform will hurt the working class and make the rich richer? Need to understand bills before passing them. (opioids)
That turns out not to be the case. It helps large corps and top 1% and whoever has a 5 to 10 million dollar estate. So, trump and his buds.
Yeah, remember how you don't know what middle-class means though, #BotPortman?
Your tax plan effed Kansas over and failed.
#WeDontWantIt
#No
Please stop lying about your plan! As a constituent who disagrees with you on most things, I still want to believe that you can be trusted.
Still don’t believe you.
It most certainly does not.
Please get it passed! Dems are lying to hell and back.
Liar, Liar, Liar.
You lie. It raises taxes on many in the middle class, & gives huge tax cuts to the 1%. Trickle-down is & always has been a failure.
How?  Specifically. Say for a family of 4 living on 43K/yr?  Pls do a side/side comparison. Publicly. In Ohio. Say on TV @SenSherrodBrown
What a wonderful idea! I'm sure his constituents in #OH14 would be very interested! 44021
No it doesn't. It's statements like this that make me question your reading comprehension , Rob.
Sorry, but the plan the public is being shown does not focus on middle class.  All the benefits are for businesses and wealthy. Try again!!!
Oh sure! You guys always say that while sticking it to the middle class.
Please send me some data about when trickle down has worked before.  In the meantime, I’ll walk my next check at the Golden Lamb in protest.
YOU ARE LYING, ROB. Please be accountable.
Without suggesting it will "trickle down" please explain how this will help the average American?
Right Rob- no one believes or trusts you. If you cared about opioids you’d do something about healthcare. If you cared about the middle (1)
Class you’d know most don’t make $15000/ yr. If you cared about sex trafficking victims you’d do something about mental healthcare. JUST (2)
QUIT LYING . (3)
Breaks for top 1% at the cost of funding Medicare and Medicaid is not helping the workers.
You said middle class is making $150K. The Republican tax plans are always for the 1%. Mnuchin said this:
What income is middle class Rob? The Republican plan doesn't help them!
Constituent 44074 where in the tax reform are businesses required to use the money from tax breaks to create jobs & increase wages?
Just stop, Rob
No it doesn't..... that is a complete fabrication.  It's a give away to your wealthy donors.  Mr. Snake oil salesman.
No it does not. Stop the gaslighting.
Guessing Portman’s belief is by massively profiting the wealthy, the Middle Class whose taxes rise or remain same will somehow benefit? Sad!
@senrobportman u wear me out. Budget FY18 has huge cuts to Medicare/Medicaid, ur pushing tax "reform" that only benefits the 1%...
2) Not many in SE OH District 6 will benefit but a lot will be hurt by both. U represent ALL of us.
Why don't you show us?!  You have townhall and we'll bring the accountant.  Let's see.
No. It. Doesn't. Do better.
No reputable economist believes this hogwash and you probably don’t either. #noshame #letthemeatcake
Stop lying. All accounts say rich get the benefits while all of us get the deficit

Translation: #taxreform is aimed at increasing wages by #trickledowneconomics and NOT by direct governmental "help". #hopeitworks #raise
O RLY? How so?
No, it doesn't!
That's not a framework that's a statement Bob. We all are aware of your plan for MORE #corporatewelfare. Steal from  poor to give the rich
Stealing from Medicaid and medicare to pay for tax breaks for the wealthy will hurt middle class families. That is what your plan does.
Your bland collegiality hides a craven cowardice to speak on subjects that truly matter to your constituents.
Now. You are lying.
! You don't even know (or care) how much we live on. You think $150,000 is avg Ohio income!? Sign me up to be avg! That would make Ohio
One of the wealthiest states in the nation Bob!... And we certainly aren't that. Stop pushing the Koch agenda and have a town hall!
Just because you keep saying that doesn't make it true. 
Really??  And how pray tell does slashing the estate tax help the middle class?  Please stop the fiction.
I'm definitely exempt from estate tax. Only wealthiest couples with over $11 million estate pay. Good day to release your tax returns
Sen Robbing the Poorman, please define "small businesses" and "middle class".  Latest estimates show Ohio families will be harmed.
IT DOES NOT!! Shame on you for lying about it! We can READ!
You & your colleagues won't be anymore faithful to this promise than you were to the promise to repeal #Obamacare #MAGA #MAGA or #retire
Lies. The Koch Brothers aren't in the middle class, Bob
NAH!!!
Wrong, when are you going to show the bill to Americans?
Heath care anyone? Cmon Rob. Quit being an empty suit.
Stop this! Stop the lying and pretending to help the people of Ohio. Where is your soul? How do you sleep at night? #LieAfterLie
Like this, of course.
Except little and squirrelly?
Liar.
No, the #TrumpTaxScam only helps the rich. Stop lying, Robbie.
You are such a liar  like all your reflublican cohorts.
Feel free to show up somewhere in person so we can talk specifics!  43026
How about focusing on impeaching trump you fucking waist of life
You're full of crap. You rob middle-class families to give breaks to wealthy and corps. Crazy Don says economy booming; we don't need cuts.
You, sir, are a professional liar.
GOP tax reform gives rich people 90% of the benefits. The middle class gets 10%. Woo hoo for us.
I'm sorry, the top 1% get 80% of the benefit. I like to use real data when it comes to making adult decisions.
I have trouble believing someone who takes $3,000,000 from the NRA/gun manufacturer lobby.  And will take support from #RoyMoore.
This is a lie. The only beneficiaries are your rich donors.
NOPE on your FB page 67% of your constituents disagree with you - your tax plan will NOT HELP MIDDLE CLASS
If you truly wanted to help the middle class, you would give up on trickle down. The trickle never reaches those who need it.
Tax breaks for the rich. Scam.
Who is "we"?  Rich assholes who think "middle class" means people that make 150k a year?
Another day, another Sen Portman lie. Your #TaxReform is #Wealthfare. It hurts majority of Americans & will cause a recession.
Who do you think is middle class?
Stahp. This twitter machine thing is not working out for you.
Sofullofpoop.
Ha, ha!  You are so funny.
Where is #CHIP
The 99% agrees #GOP only agrees 1% should get ALL Gutting #Medicare #Medicaid #CHIP #SNAP #ACA says F**K you Middle C
Your plan is different than @POTUS?
While helping minimally the vast  majority goes to the richest rich.
Deliver for majority of citizens
Trickle down does not and will not work.  New tax laws will not help most Ohioans.
How can you lie like that? It's only going to help the already rich people
It would appear your constituents aren’t as stupid as you believe we are.
That is the biggest lie you have done in a while... The 1% is who the tax cuts are for...everybody else gets pennies or screwed
How can you possibly say that? Looks at the facts and figures senator
Your plan raises taxes on middle class families that rely on personal deductions to reduce their tax burden. You're a liar.
Yup. My deductions for my 5 kids & local real estate taxes would disappear under this "middle class fairer simpler" giveaway to the vry rich
Seen the plan?
Middle class being people that make over $150k per year right?
But it doesn't.  It gives huge tax breaks to the very wealthy at the expense of everyone else and raises the deficit.  Stop lying about it!
How about you pay the difference for any middle income Ohio family if their taxes go up?

