If Afghanistan is so dangerous, why are they not included in Trumps travel ban?
I don't think human lives should be used to bolster #trumps approval ratings. For shame
Not enough of a body count for Trump when he pushes repeal/replace ACA so he putting more troops in Afghanistan and threatening N.Korea.
Again?  Wrong.  Afh was the hideout AFTER 9/11. Saudi Ar and S Florida were the havens/training grounds to prep. No revisionist history pls
So you intend to be there forever?
Are you fucking serious? You just jump on the bandwagon because the angry orange does?
Maybe the Russians have advice for us?
So is that a blank check for Trump to do whatever he wants?  Once again he's reversing his campaign promises... Republican hypocrisy
We cannot allow potus to distract us with war after each time his prejudices create scandal.
Every other country that has gotten pulled into war in Afghanistan has learned it's useless. We don't seem to learn.
What's this?You supporting @potus? You're in big trouble with your Dem buddies, and fellow NeverTrumpers @dailycaller @foxnews @circa #maga
Why do you blindly support this administration? Why can't you be a voice of reason, criticism, dissent? Do your job. Please do your job.
There's no easy choice, but there's one that won't cost additional trillions and needless American death on foreign soil #bringThemHome
When are you Republicans going to get it? Trump is in no wise a Republican. He's not a Democrat. Trump is an entity unto himself!
Why is that so hard to understand??
Sit down Senator.  We've had enough of your empty rhetoric parroting Heir Trump. You no longer rep Ohio. You chose party over us.
Portman is arrogantly flaunting his refusal to address our issues, his inexplicable support of trump, and party before country.
What the does that even mean, Rob?? You're cool with the great American war machine rolling on forever? Defund the #Afghan war.
Hey he is absolutely against the war on poverty that's why he gave up on it
Or Pakistan.
What about the white supremacists home-grown in the United States? They're responsible for far more American deaths over the last 10 years.
Good job POTUS.  Same generalities as BAMA only Bama supported ISIS.  Remember haters 8 of the 17, not 16 years, under BAMA
17 years and thousands of America deaths and you want more? We can't kill as many enemies as we make. Bad for OH, US and Afg
This sounds like you are supporting an ongoing deployment in Afghanistan. What criteria need to be met for us to leave?
It's fundamentally impossible for a terrorist organization to launch an attack on the US from Afghanistan. You know that. Don't fear monger.
Lets see where all these attacks are coming from Rob, answer. Inside the US. Ho do we stop that?
OH stop lying, it is disgraceful.
We cannot let you and Trump use Afghanistan as a distraction.
Yes Robert.  Perpetual war and occupation.  That sounds like a fantastic plan...
Are you complaining about military commitment in Korea,Japan,Europe,and 147 other nations in the world? #maga #deplorables @foxnews
SO disappointed in you. It's very clear where your loyalty lies. Trust that I'll be donating to your opponent. 
What do you plan on doing about the ones in Pakistan then? Or hiding anywhere else? This policy of force has not, and WILL NOT work.
We won't now that Trump has taken over &changed t rules of engagement! U Aholes have bn dictating how we run war 4yrs 2R detriment! NoMore!
They are already there but Afganistan isn't on the travel ban list.... strange??
#CensureTrump #Censure
It's the unspecified number of troops being put in harm's way for an unspecified objective who are stepping up to the plate, big time https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/899831073642774528 …
why do we support Al Qaeda in Libya and in Syria?
Wouldn't the money be better spent on a bipartisan approach to fix the ACA? Where's the money coming from?
What are our goals in Afghanistan? How can we know when we've "won"? #Afghanistan WTF?
Um.....the Taliban/alQaeda has ICBM's that reach the US?

16 years?  How long will we be there? 50 years? Forever?
Just a little fuzzy. We need a Townhall to learn how to communicate with each other
What about domestic terrorism?
What about Antifa ? Attacking Republicans, and enyone that they call "Natzi"?
WOW! Hard to believe you agree with Trump on something.
But you're ok w/ them doing it in Iraq & Syria? 
   What are you doing to prevent more #Ohio racists from attacking?
What's up with healthcare, a raise on Social Security, infrastructure?  No money?  But more money for a war we cannot win and more death?
Where is your spine, man?   Can you people for once do the right thing for this country?  Just once?
Good Grief.
Trump Tool.
Have your kids enlisted? How many senators  children there. Right only the poor disposable ones.
This will be Trump's and the GOP's Viet Nam. Draft will be reinstated and those who can't afford college or have heel spurs will serve
16 year war, and last week we witnessed an Ohioan commit an act of terrorism against Americans.  Remind what is breeding where, please.
You're such a phony
How do those boots taste??
We cannot allow the GOP senate &congress To again use #Afghanistan  as an excuse to go to war. #impeach #whoareyourepresenting
We cannot allow the US to be brought down by a know nothing ignoramus. #ImpeachTrump
That's a great sentiment. I think others have had the same thoughts. How does 4,000 troops do that? This is not enough.
Why does Jarred still have clearance and how does that make us safer?
'The Graveyard of Empires'.
So you're cool with risking thousands of Americans' lives to do the same job we can do with drones? Despicable.
I mean what the hell is wrong with you? Bring those soldiers home. End this debacle. Trillions of dollars wasted. Thousands of lives lost.
You always agree with that nitwit Trump. What's wrong with you?
Uh huh? So another 16 years you think? Ridiculous forever war sapping societies treasures & further eroding moral ascendancy long past gone.
Seriously? What's the plan?  Sure didn't hear one tonight--any you're good with that?
Portman agrees with Trump. Who could have predicted that.
Everyone!
So basically, you're supporting Obama's plan.
Sixteen years. How many billions spent?
We're counting in trillions.
Andrew Miller is hurt
