I wish you wouldn't sell out kids education out for the campaign contributions you received from DeVos! Pls vote No on her!!!
.@SenRobPortman Please vote no on the ridiculously unqualified Betsy DeVos!  American children deserve better and you know it! #DumpDeVos
How can you support this but stay silent when our President denies Russia's involvement in our election?
How about domestic propaganda from our president? And NO ON DEVOS!!!!
What about internal (from within our own government) propaganda?
C'mon @senrobportman. Focus! We got probs w/ propaganda and disinformation from @WhiteHouse
Because CNN always tells the truth! Lol
Man, every tweet you get smacked for DeVos. Brown-nosing Trump will get you nothing. He isn't going to be there long. Vote no
How about countering domestic propaganda & disinformation? Starting with @realDonaldTrump!  #BoughtAndPaidForPortman
this is great. Still underfunded effort. Now what about this?
#noondevos Please vote no for our children tomorrow. 43214

What about disinformation from the WH? And how about getting Bannon off the NSC? Support S.291! Focus on within right now.
the one to work on is the president
my daughter's adversary is Devos. Her future is worth more than $51,000. Grow up. Vote NO #noDevos
. Putin is our foe, but 45 Has destabilized this Nation in 3 wks. "Fix  him or oust him now."
senportman please vote the way you tweet. Vote NO on Debos, Sessions Mnuchin!!
This is great, @senrobportman, but what about the destabilizing propaganda from Trump and his reps. They #lie a lot and attack fed judges.
Your constituents will remember this day. Please vote NO on DeVos. #NoonDeVos
looking forward to your next speaking event if you let DeVos in LOL ask McClintock! #sellout #paytoplay # traitor
I am also worried about propagandist and white nationalist Bannon on the NSC. Get Bannon out! Support SB 291.
Have the courage to make a public statement about #DeVos and stop dodging your constituents.
how about local propaganda. How about a statement on #AlternativeFact
Sen. Portman I'm relieved to hear truth is vital to you & US. Not vital to Trump, DeVos or Flynn. Please #Help
#POTUS  #altfacts this week. Voter fraud, US same as Russia, media terror, glove size XL..
your vote tomorrow will not be forgotten.  Vote no on DeVos #DumpDevos
Our kids deserve better than #DeVos.  Prove to us that your integrity isn't for sale.
what about the destabilizing propaganda coming out of our White House? #scary
How about an OBJECTIVE bipartisan or outside commission to investigate Russian interference in the election?
Senator Portman, this could be the last election that allows you to represent Ohio if you vote for DeVoss.
#dumpdevos
a complete investigation of Trump and Russia first please. Otherwise he may quietly make sure this new office doesn't work.
speaking of info.  #Devos is unfit.  Please explain to #Ohioans why you will vote yes?
Who will counter Trump propaganda? No to DeVos.
Teaching critical thinking in our public schools will help. Vote NO on DeVos nomination. Stand up for education in OH!
what about the propaganda and lies coming from the current administration?
What about countering DOMESTIC propaganda, starting with Trump's? When exactly did the GOP become a Fascist party?
what about the propaganda and disinformation coming from @POTUS. Fight that!
Those are pretty strong words to wield against Fox News and Breitbart. Aren’t you worried about retaliation?
please vote no on DeVos. Don't be just another of Mitch ' s sheep. Speak up for Ohio 's children
.@senrobportman WTF, you need to write a law for that! How about get .@POTUS nominees confirmed, work on O'care and immigration nightmare.
maybe Betsy can pay for your retirement
Hmm, what else would help?  Getting rid of the terrible propaganda oozing out of the "so-called" potus and his staff.
Will it help the Trump administration's propaganda be seen for what it is?
what about the destabilizing propaganda from our president?
Vote no on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! Vote no on De vos!
in fact , I will start the group asap..
he won't make another election He chose  $over moral and values . Sell out I will go door to door to for this
vote no on DeVos and stop ignoring the people you represent while accepting thousands from her. It's pathetic.
Pretty rich coming from you senator. How did you vote on Tillerson? You keep rubber stamping Trump picks.
Ohio voters' memories are long. $51,000 worth Ohio education? #noDevos
vote NO on Betsy Devos. She's completely unqualified
tell us all about what you're doing, try to have us not notice you are ignoring constituents re: Betsy DeVos.
Maybe you want to start at home?
We have a problem developing here in the US that you might want to nip in the bud.
US Govt does the same thing.
portman is nothing but propaganda He's a Worthless career politician who knows nothing about work or sacrifice
When will you counter destabilizing propaganda from this regime?They feed us BS every single day & you support
What are your plans to deal with the American propaganda being spouted by our own president? Do you even see a problem?
Listen to thousands and thousands of your constituents who want you to vote no on DeVos.
NO ON DEVOS!!
Listen to the people that voted you in.  Vote NO on DeVos.
and from our "friends" in the White House? How to protect from them?
vote no on DeVos
.@senrobportman @thedailybeast How ironic! Will you stand up to #POTUS? Defend #civiceducation, #publiceducation #Facts #Science!
From FB genius: What works against propaganda? Schools that teach critical thinking, which DeVos can't deliver. Vote no.
...and you should vote no on DeVos
how about stopping the propaganda spewing out of 45. Censuring the media is just the beginning
Please also help counter propaganda from the current administration.
then quit supporting @realDonaldTrump as he provides continuous misinformation vote no on @BetsyDeVos
foreign propaganda & disinformation we get all the disinformation we need from #SoCalledPresident/his staff
Watch established news outlets CNN MSNBC ABC NBC CBS. All reliable, concur. Read variety of papers. Think.
No thx to govt oversight of our news. Control info, control ppl. Nice try but NO.

I know you're saying something, but if you vote yes on DeVos nothing you do will matter.
will it help the propaganda that comes from the White House these days?
- please reconsider your vote for Betsy Devos - she is remarkably unqualified - signed a constituent.
I hope that includes disinformation from within. Why were the Russians so willing to dish this disinfo out?
what about our @POTUS and his cabinet spreading "alternative facts" that have no truth?
confront DeVos and stand up for your state. If you support her, face the music and own up to it. Stop being a weak leader.
vote no on DeVos! She's not for our kids #dumpdevos
So would a strong educational system. So #NoonDeVos!  #holdthefloor
whoa! I am WAY more worried about the propaganda and outright lies from our own government #ImpeachTrump
The propaganda is coming from inside the house.
R u trying to distract us from ur disgraceful act of selling r kids to the highest bidder? #indivisibleoh12
Just say no to DeVos.
and propaganda from the White House?
Do those adversaries include Russia? 
And will you please vote against the DeVos nomination.
having a country of poorly educated ppl will cripple our ability as a society to fight the influence of propaganda. #devos
DeVos is not qualified!!
Please respond regarding DeVos nomination!
Please create the Countering Domestic Propaganda & Disinformation Act since POTUS and WH lie & distort daily; seems important
Columbus, OH wants you to vote NO ON DEVOS!  Don't be a sell-out, stand up for our children, not your wallet!
i wholeheartedly endorse the CFPDA just don't ask me to spell it again.
you haven't the spine to speak out against propaganda in your own back yard, but nice try
let's clean up our own house first, counter republican propaganda & disinformation, stabilize our own gov't
what about the white house? You and your colleagues could stop this immediately. Why don't you?  Did he pay you off?
you are such a sell out. I have no respect for you. @thedailybeast
Anything to waste our money on.  Question all you hear, why throw money at doing the same thing as they are?  @POTUS
the propaganda isn’t all foreign.  Also, you took a bribe.
kinda like closing the barn door after the cow is already out
