you are wrong. You should be protecting your constituents, not corporations. 45218
using Chinese steel to move dirty oil refuse across sacred treaty land for a total of 35 permanent jobs. BAD!
why make us dependent on oil? Risk water sources & limited fresh water supply? Risk benefit does not match up #AmericaForSale
And I will be pleased to vote for someone who will protect our environment and not cowtow to big oil.
WHAT OMG
Of course you are. You are a party man lining your pockets as usual. #NoKXL #CountryOverParty
Pleased? Shame on you. This is your last term.
I, however, am not pleased at all. And I am your consittuent.
Very disappointed. U.S steel will not be used to construct these pipelines.
boo
well I'm disgusted
- Did we get the US steel protection on this? I hope so.
- There was an alternate route found that would not go over Indian territory. Why push for this location? Trump's ego? Sad?
absolutely shameful
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Good to know that clean drinking water is "needless."
Please prioritize the health of our 1 and only planet over serving corporate greed.
this is bad.  You and your cronies are behaving badly.
Keystone is to the Native Americans what Great Lakes is to northern Ohioans.  Shame on you 
Really, you approve  desecration of Native Burial grounds, detrimental actions to environment. To top it  using Chinese steel
NEEDLESS DELAYS?!?! Wow...because clean water and respect for the environment is a ridiculous thing to protect.
I don't get loving the Great Lakes one day and despoiling the Dakotas the next.  And our disregard of tribal land is needless
Needless?  So screw the planet.  Give us more fossil fuels.
of course you are. Do u have any concern for the environment? Nope ya don't. U only car about the rich, screw the rest of us.
This is bad for Ohio and bad for America. 35 jobs and we don't get the oil, only the risk.
translation : Those wire transfers will finally go into my bank. Thank god I'll never be poor
You are nothing but a Koch head and a lemming. Last term rob .
Why exactly? Gas not cheap enough? Let's promote tech innovation and let fossil fuels go
Those weren't delays.  We said NO to KXL for good reason, and you are putting ideology ahead of scientific fact.
sweet that's 35 new   permanent jobs 
hope you enjoyed your time in the Senate. #DumpPortman2022
Didn't you just tweet about preserving Lake Erie a few days ago? Do you not see a connection here?
NO
you say you fight for Clean air and water yet this pipeline is disastrous to our environment.
I'm not! Would you want to live in the pipelines pathway? NO! Because you like drinking clean water! Oil is dirty!
Sad day for the environment.
The Rich White Boys network gets another win for their wallets.
isn't it the Russian pipeline made with Russian steel? Who do you work for not your constituents. 44647.
it does nothing long term for the US.  Terrible decision on your part.
wow. So disappointed in your position. This pipeline is unnecessary - not the delays. Save our planet and inhabitants.
your corporate overlords are pleased with your subservience while potentially harming defenseless Americans
Backwards 20th century thinking, join us in the future & move away from fossil fuels It's time to be World Leaders again
Without any thought of the great people and animals who reside in the area. #shameonyou and #shameonDonaldTrump
Delays like indigenous people wanting clean water? The unmitigated gall!!!! Yet you want to protect the Great Lakes. #Racist
there's 300,000 gallons leaked in December in ND. More to come.  Screw the environment.  
Yes, clean air and water are "needless delays"
agreed! Love the mess that all those environmentalists left behind though. Was it 1.8 million to clean up?
This position is completely incompatible with your stated concern for water quality in Great Lakes.
honest question...why do republicans hate the environment. Seriously, I don't get it.
Are you getting a check from Puty also?
so clean water is only important if it's your water?
Why? It's a foreign company using foreign steel endangering our environment and taking our lands.
Even if it employs American workers, it's for a short period of time.
- your Great Lakes pet project is needful but alternative energy and untainted water in some other state ISN'T? #WaterIsLife
Rob, have you ever thought about life after the Senate? Good time to start. You look like you'd enjoy a long RV vacation.
Because it's more money for your coffers #corrupt #boughtbyoil
Right... to hell with the planet your donors got their precious oil. When it spills it'll be on you.
bring back Obama Obama please help us
take your children to live on the reservation then tell me the pipeline is right. No heart in Washington
really don't you think you have taken enough of the land from the Indians no heart in Washington
did you get hacked?
I like clean water, clean energy, and a clean environment, #KeystoneXL does not help with those. Epic fail.
make no mistake #rubberstampRob would tweet about protecting great lakes while voting to put a pipeline through lake Erie.
what values do you have that cause you to be pleased about this?  Just curious.
That's  disappointing to hear. You are pleased with this Administration? I wouldn't tweet that out loud, just embarrassing
votesane pac is Portmans largest donor...take one guess what they are also behind!  Keystone PL.  Portman =Sen 4 sale.
didn't you tweet about protecting the Great Lakes yesterday? Total hypocrite
it's very sad that you or the GOP has no concern for the environment.....
geez did Trump type this? Some Americans are broken after that battle & NOW Russian steel. No enthusiasm is needed.
So, you didn't mean it when you told us all how concerned you are about the environment?
we do not need oil pipelines crisscrossing our country polluting our water and our soil!! You are easily bought
After this and your deaf ear on @BetsyDeVos you are going to struggle in in six years. #EnjoyItNow
Your lack of concern for the environment saddens me. And what about the American steel promise? More empty promises.
Party over constituency to the end.
Again, out of touch with your constituents and proving the GOP will vote on anything to line their pockets. It's disgusting.
which does NOT make America Great. The only jobs it will produce will be in clean up for decades. TARSAND OIL
No. you can't pick and choose what parts of the environment are important.
pipelines are the past, let's invest in the future
this is why I didn't vote for you.
I'd prefer an actual buckeye as my Senator over you.
.@senrobportman You, and the 35 people the pipeline will employ. Yes, that is THIRTY-FIVE. Wow! I'm getting tired of winning already! #Jobs
You, sir, are so very wrong on this.  Russian steel, poisoned water, indigenous land. There is another way, make it happen.
"needless"? I can't wait to vote for WHOEVER is running against you.
Too bad we have to wait more than five years to disassociate him from Ohio
he could...drop dead.
wow! You never cease to amaze me. Business before our environment and people. #WaterIsLife
I couldn't disagree more #44618
I feel like you walk a fine line pretty well sometimes, but I strongly disagree with you this time, Senator.
A very sad day for America.   A sad day for the environment.  A sad day for me because I voted for you. Never again.
I've never been more disappointed in my vote for you.
Horrible. Both the #KeystoneXL Pipeline and your support of it.
how can you be pleased with anything coming from this administration?
yippee! 35 jobs when it's done. Add more oil to the world glut-helps Ohio how?
You're on the wrong side of this issue Senator. #44236
Nothing about that admin is pleasing. Glad I’m a constituent so I can give my vote to anyone but you.
republicans are done so you just be so proud most likely it is going to be the last time
PUTIN NEEDS TO BE PAID
oh whoopie! Destroy the planet with oil spills for 34 permanent jobs! Great idea you back there!
.@senrobportman WOW, just WOW.
Why do you hate the environment?  Jesus Christ, is there any way in which you are not a monster?
*sigh* easy for you to be in favor of a PIPE of OIL that travels over freshwater aquifers - Name a pipe that has NEVER leaked
a sad day in america that this thing is going through.
