Please vote, for America, to Repal Obamacare today.  We can Replace it after the August recess.@SenateMajLdr @mike_pence
Please vote, for America, with the GOP and Repeal O-care today.
Mr Portman I will vote for a dem instead of you and I haven't done that since college.If you had to live under obama care you would fix it
No repeal? Not one more dime from me. Not one more of my votes.
AARP deeply disappointed in Senate vote to proceed on bad healthcare bill. Will inform 38 million members how their Senators voted.#OH12
speaking of common sense..do not vote for this bill in any of its monstrous forms.  Read what the governor of your state said.
QUIT VOTING NO ON CHANGING HEALTHCARE! !  You voted for the same thing in2015 and campaigned on that.  You've lied to Ohio voters!
Seems like Congress might need hourly updates of the federal register?  Vote NO on all of the current bills to kill or cripple ACA.
What a lovely concept!!! A bipartisan bill coming out of committee! How about taking the same approach on healthcare?
Bi-partisan? Committee? I didn't realize bills could be worked on this way. You should try it with healthcare.
Is this a joke? Did someone hack account? Because this is truly LUDICROUS if @senrobportman purposefully tweets these things at this point
No "skinny repeal" your constituents have spoken. You represent OUR voices, so please do so.

Bipartisan healthcare reform!  My family is counting on you. 3 of 4 of us pre-existing conditions. 
Do the right thing when you vote!
Now vote YES on ACA REPEAL. or was that just a promise to get elected? Republicans have excellent memories. VOTE TO REPEAL AS PROMISED.
Who are you really accountable to? McConnell's or Ryan's super pac? Or both! You represent us, not them!
How nice that you're 'pleased'. 
We are not.
Vote "No" on the Repeal & Delay bill that accomplishes none of what you claim to stand for. Then support a bipartisan healthcare solution.

BREAKING: Insurers say "skinny" repeal will destabilize markets and lead to "steep premium increases and diminished choices" 
Cool! Now please work with your dem colleagues to fix ACA (and vote NO on skinny repeal)
Siox WeRR Ra
@senrobportman isn't going to listen to any comments from his "constituents" & as long as big business can give him money he never will
develop brain cancer and get kicked off health insurance
How about making the senate accountable to work together to develop a bipartisan better health care bill? Guess we'll do it in voting booth.
An insane would be autocrat is at the helm of this country. I don't care about your bills. I care about not moving backwards.
I agree but get off the fence on health care
Yes, but why are you taking away our healthcare?
Why did repeal get your vote previously, & not nowplaying games with voters...the ones you just lost.
We citizens expect that bipartisan action, be the norm, not the exception!
How many healthcare bills passed committee? Then why did you vote to start debate, Baby Killer?
@senrobportman before the election & @senrobportman vote today on #ObamaCareRepeal
#trumplapdog
Hey Ron The Huffington Post called you a coward. I agree you are.
Oh I mean Rob. But it doesn't matter that I misspelled you name. You are still a coward.
Does your vote on ACA effect your govt funded healthcare? Didn't think so. We won't let anyone forget this vote.
You need to be pleased to provide healthcare for all Ohioans!
Please work in a bipartisan fashion to make the POTUS more accountable.  His treatment of Sessions is shameless bullying.
And yet #GOP ethics isn't even in top 10 qualities.
Says the twerp who tweets about anything but what his constituents want him to. Like HEALTHCARE.
Better legislation occurs during the normal committee process.  Too bad that was not the process for healthcare.
Nothing that comes out of your mouth is common-sense.
What can I do to make you more accountable to your constituents?  Let's discuss at a #TownHall
Never use the word "accountable" again until you've held an actual town hall, in person, with the people of Ohio you claim to represent.
I cannot wrap my head around why you would vote against so many of your constituents' needs. Is this really worth Koch campaign $?
I'd be pleased if you start doing what you were elected to do: listen to those who put you there!!!
WHY WON'T YOU WORK BIPARTISAN TO FIX HEALTHCARE!  #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #NoRepeal
How far can the Republican Party fall from its #Christian ideals? #ohio
Did you hear your Pres. stoking fear of immigrants in #Youngstown?  Talking about them "slicing and dicing" people?  You need to stand up.
I am displeased that you are my Senator. You are willing sell out Ohio and support garbage healthcare bills that will hurt Americans.
At what point... at what point do you address the insanity in our White House??
You disappiont me regularly.
 you are just so amusing.
You're clearly NOT listening to your constituents. How about a bipartisan solution to fixing ACA instead of GOP secrecy, shutting out Dems?
Partisan hack
Pretty arrogant hyping up your bipartisan credentials. Should we disregard your votes to help your party take healthcare from 32 million?
Please vote no on trumpcare all bills
I'm not "pleased" with your vote or your availability!  Why avoid discussing Trumpcare?  Afraid you'll be proven wrong?!
U r now a prominent face of the trump party who strives to take away healthcare, equality, education, clean water & air from Americans. #SAD
You should be ashamed to cast a yes vote moving forward the health care debate. I'm embarrassed that you rep my home state. Smh!
Stop trying to perform normal.
Don't you work for federal government? Would lOVE to see your accountability to Ohioans who would lose healthcare under senate bill. VOTE NO
How about listening to constituents about healthcare. Or condemn Trump banning transgender persons from the military? Or answer your phones.
My boyfriend called yesterday and Portman's office wasn't even accepting voicemail.  Unacceptable.
If we are touting bi partisan bills, why aren't you working on bi partisan healthcare fixes instead of this terrible healthcare bill
I don't trust anything you support anymore....
#NoTrumpCare
No "skinny repeal," no BCRA.  Support and improve the ACA.  It's what the vast majority of Ohioans and Americans want. #saveACA
It's like you live in an alternate, parallel universe.
how about a bipartisan effort to fix the ACA instead of destroying health care for the poor?
NO on "skinny repeal" and any other bill that eliminates ACA. Fix ACA don't repeal.
Fix the ACA, as should have been done bipartisan a long time ago!
What about you being accountable to your constituents and vote for a responsible fix for ACA.
What's a committee, Rob?
That's great, but you should still vote NO on the healthcare fiasco.
Stop being pleased and start doing your job. Listen to your constituents. Protect their healthcare. Grow a spine.
Do a town hall and look us in the eye while you shove the knife in our backs! You are a coward!
Coward.
You should try that with healthcare ! #justsayin
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
6- What could you possibly negotiate @robportman that would be worth making health care much more expensive for everyone? 
Here's a thought: why don't you work on a bipartisan bill to fix the ACA? Or don't you get big donor bucks to do that?
You vote to kill Americans. Stop that and make amends by holding the executive branch accountable.
I think you and I have two different definitions of accountability. I thought maybe you were looking at draining the swill in Washington

But if you don't get the Federal Register delivered, what will you pretend to read while ignoring your constituents? #SaveMedicaid
Do you think that can wait until you save Ohioans healthcare by keeping #ACA? I mean it's just life or death for your constituents. #BCRA
Stop tweeting and start listening to the people you represent!!!!! #VoteNoBCRA
"More accountable," says a man who hasn't spoken to his constituents in months.
More than just months.
People shouting "shame" just before your vote yesterday - they aren't paid activists, and they are right about GOP plans. Don't turn away.
I'll be pleased if you vote no to repeal the ACA and if you vote no to confirm any appointee with ties to Russia.
It's unbelievable that you would consider inflicting death, misery, and financial woe upon Vets, elderly, poor, and disabled. It's shameful.
Ok, but how are you feeling about how health plans under debate will affect Medicaid benes in OH? Or those suffering from opioid crisis?
You tried to sell out your constituents yesterday, Rob
The skinny on "skinny repeal" is that it screws us just as much as other GOP plans.  DON'T SELL US OUT for an inadequate concession.
Vote NO on #ACARepeal in whole or in part.
How about you pass a bipartisan fix to ACA, which is what OVER 70% of Americans want, including 72% of independents?

