Loose your boner for corporate tax cuts and help women

Explain the need for the sliver spoon exemption
This is NOT tax reform. It is robbing from the poor and giving to the rich. Why do you insist on promoting false propaganda?
VOTE HIM OUT... GET RID OF THIS GUY
Wow, not a single positive response! No tax reform until Trump releases his taxes #DontheCon #trumpLies #WakeUpAmerica
This man IS the swamp
Please explain again how a repeal of the Estate Tax for estates over $5.5 million will help create jobs and boost wages. Not helping workers
Whatever happened to the Rob Portman that was worried about budget deficits?  Was he a fraud?
We need a new Senator who actually represents Ohioans. #PortmanResign
We need to make sure to fire Rob.
We need gun control, which NRA pays for your election over $3.3m. You ignoring it. Wasting taxpayer $$. You can't stop it you should resign.
Companies buying back their shares, issuing dividends and buying robots with their tax refunds aren't going to create jobs or boost wages
.@WarrenDavidson You already know all this. Do good deeds, not words (though that will require change on your part).
How can he? He is in NRA pocket. He is only figure head, nor repressing people of Ohio.
When @WarrenDavidson says he is "fully" committed to something,Helen invents new meaning for the word. He is fully committed 2 $ over people
You need to follow Jeff Flake's lead and denounce this president and his policies.  Stop the complicity. Do your job!
Are you kidding
Hey do you not realize  the only reason he isn't running us not to get embarrsed? He wasn't getting reelected anyway
Estate tax cuts are not #TaxReform they're just #KochTaxCuts
10 Republican lies about tax reform. #NotOnePenny
Your president is setting us up for two wars that will need paid for. How will we do that with tax cuts? Meanwhile we want healthcare, Rob.
We need you and #Trump not to kill people who need #ACA's safeguards. #preexistingconditions. The tax pkg is full of giveaways for the rich.
Impossible, he is getting money $3.3m from NRA and killing people. He has no moral obligation.
If Ohio people are telling you no and you are still for it. You need to resign, you are not for the people of Ohio.
He has no incentive to resign: Big donors line his pockets/reward him for his service, and Ohioans want to believe his lies.
Tax breaks for the rich. Transfer that wealth from the poor to the rich. Doing the Koch brothers and Mercer bidding.
Here is something much more important! Sinclair Broadcasting already has a Monopoly. Over 50% of stations. Don't allow more.  This is not NK
When billions are being spent on natural disasters, US on brink of war, & healthcare in jeopardy, it makes total sense to reduce taxes, lol.
Oh you mean create jobs for the people who don't die because they have no health care. So fewer people right
Just say no!
No matter how many times you tweet this, it doesn't make it true. Get off the Rep party hayride & think for yourself. Protect Ohioans!
Just hot air, til you get it done!
The definition of insanity is repeating the same action...trickle down Regan/Bush/Bush/Trump...Vote No Portman
This administration is killing Puerto Rican’s!  https://www.facebook.com/dailykos/posts/10156021586499255 …
What jobs the long term unemployment rate is 8%?
We have heard this before Rob and it has never once materialized Both Reagan and Bush tried it and failed or do u not history
If I believed half opf that, we'd be alright! I don't and neither do any of my friends. Stop lying to us!
Ohio needs Rob Portman to be reformed
Rob thinks that we are that dumb, to believe if we gave more money to extreme wealthy, they're going to make sure the working has more
He's a tool.  Bought and paid for- sold his soul.  He is complicit in everything this adminstration has destroyed.
You mean to give more money to your master, @BetsyDeVosED
Our country United States is headed for a depression. Just because of the greedy
That's right we just need to give more money to the Millionaires and Billionairesllionaires. The wealthy are going to see about the poor
Trumps tax policy would give incentives to businesses to send jobs overseas.
You are a broken record, repeating same rhetoric you always do. Rs planning tax cuts for businesses & 1%. No tax reform. @indivisibledyt
Please stop the tax reform as it is proposed.  It will only help the rich and won't help the people that voted for you.
Children need quality healthcare to grow up to be voting taxpayers.
Tax cuts only benefit trump, his cabinet and top 1%. Why do you support this. Their is never a pos effect for mid class.
Why don't you have it ready to put on .@POTUS' desk already? What the hell have you been doing? We aren't paying you to ride your bike!
Hows that work again Rob .something like your rich donors get richer and crumbs will sooner or later trickle down to those who need the help
How do plan on paying for this billionaire cash grab?  Like every tax break they will take it and play the stock market not create jobs.
Don't pretend the proposed tax bill is anything good for America. RECESSION. Listen to people in Kansas.
Lie. Lie. Partially true. The last is partially true because wealthy people don't need to spend it. They invest it instead and get tax cuts.
The very wealthy will not invest greatly. Reganomics should have taught us that.
More welfare for the rich
and bring big tax rewards to the wealthiest Ohioans.
9M kids need health insurance - can we possibly look at life over tax breaks for wealthy?
No corporate welfare.
Use our taxes to make our country great.
Healthcare
Healthy Air
Good Schools
Rules & Regulations
#free #brave #smart
Economists will tell you that tax cuts for the wealthy do nothing to boost the economy.  Higher wages bolster consumerism which creates jobs
How about you talk about healthcare? #Coward
Wait what happened to GOP screaming about the national debt? This plan is projected to add Trillions to it, suddenly that doesn't matter?
And take money out of my pocket and put it in yours. ( I know you forgot to mention that part Rob. ) How about a town hall?
Tax reform does not create jobs. Stop lying.
1,082.
We need reform that requires you to yell the truth and put Country over Party!
We have a president to get rid of first before anything else.Donald trump is insane and should not hold a position in government. PRIORITY 1
Corps are awash in record cash & not returning it to workers. Why would they treat a tax break differently? They'll buy their own stock 1st.
And make the rich much richer. No one else
Rethink your priorities #gunreform #Healthcare
We need common sense gun reform NOW
We need quality affordable healthcare NOW
We need the Oval Office to be reformed.
Please stop Rob
The people of Puerto Rico need water more than rich people need tax reform.  This should be obvious.
And auto workers need affordable healthcare too!!!!
Trump tax reform will not help the middle class. We ARE the ones who need help. Where is the plan skewed for us?
You keep tweeting this, even tho all reputable economists point out the plan primarily benefits the rich & trickle down doesn’t work.
“Tax reform” (in your vernacular) puts more money in the pockets of your donors while doing nothing to boost working wages. Try again.
TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS DOESN’T WORK! Stop trying to pass this off as something good for Ohio or anyone who isn’t baller rich. Ahem
Get back to me when you really mean tax reform and not just a tax cut for the wealthiest in our country.
How?
Lies. I'll actively campaign against you. You have let your own party screw America. Another #taxfattenedjackass

DAY 13: No sanctions on Russia! @GOP @DNC It's time 2 demand #Trump do his job! #Resist #GeeksResist #BoF #TW 
Now you sound like someone selling a used car Rob. How about telling the truth on tax reform Trump style. It benefits the top 1%
Sad Rob Sad
I picture your staffers throwing darts at a wall of GOP suggested tweets. Meanwhile ppl like me are watching Ways|means testimony. Cuts hurt
Repeating it over and over doesn't make it true. Nor does it make us believe you. Just stop being a broken record and listen to your constituents. #votenoontaxreform
u sound like a broken record. Care to clarify that u won't give trillions to the uber rich?
Hey rob! Did you forget to inform your constituents that you pay for this top 1% tax cut by cutting Medicaid and Medicare? No?
Did you forget to inform us that when you pull deductions from people like single parents- they'll end up paying more?
Are you going to mention that this plan- on average -gives the top 1% a 200k tax cut, while making a single parent family pay a 1k ? No?
Your tax plan sucks. Do better.
You need #taxreform now to bring investment to your campaign that will create huge hole in Federal Deficit cut estate tax for wealthiest ppl
Keep the estate tax or you have no credibility.
Actually, we need our democracy back Rob.  Let’s get rid of the Trump mistake and gerrymandering and, start working together on reforms.
We may need tax reform but tell the truth when you give a ton of money to the wealthy they don't pay more wages. That is a lie.
We need a president u poor excuse of a public servant.
THANK U PORTMAN...we need the breaks
Stop trying to bust up Unions and posion our education system with people like DeVo$
Tell us how eliminating the estate tax does this. Don't think it does so don't add to deficit by including that.
Try not to follow Kansas's lead on that
If that is the goal, why aren't tax cuts tied to that?  No new jobs & higher wages would mean no tax cuts for you.
Stop already with this tax reform rhetoric,trickle down doesn't work.The 1%ers will become even richer at expense of middle class.
So I see you're taking the @realDonaldTrump approach assuming if you repeat the lie enough, it will become truth.
Good idea! Let's have a town hall to discuss it!
I have to wonder why u even bother on Twitter. U keep spouting same nonsense while ignoring the responses of your constituents.
Support the Dreamers Act
Please explain to me how repealing the estate tax will help me. Go on, I'm genuinely curious what you have to say.
Rob - is this what the GOP is all about? Tax reform can wait, let me know how much damage you are going to do to me as a private citizen...
Former Trump adviser Sebastian Gorka: "The left has no idea how much more damage we can do to them as private citizens." 
Are you still in favor of Trump’s position oh healthcare? It looks like #Ohio will be hit pretty hard by it. Care to explain your position or is this one of those times the #GOP just wants to hurt us because they can...
Pro-Trump states most affected by his health care decision: http://apne.ws/nm9DTDG 
Do you want to block me and others like me from your twitter feed? Don’t tell me you wouldn’t do that because your party’s leader, the president, has blocked twitter dissent and is arguing in court to stop Americans from speaking...
Trump lawyers urge judge to reject suit challenging Trump's ability to block critics from following him on Twitter: http://apne.ws/ov3BXwQ 
trump can't help it, he thinks this is Russia.
All lies. #NotOnePenny
We need to see his tax returns now. What’s he hiding?
Just drove through southern OH on 73. Poverty was obvious. Paint peeling off homes. They need more than tax breaks for the rich. #DoYourJob
Tax reform = more money for rich and corps. Never “trickles” down. Never had never will. So please just say it, not this bs propaganda that it will boost jobs and wages. Don’t be a dope
Rfer you to Kansas and Gov Brownback’s tax cuts! Devastated Kansas! Hypocrite! Tax cuts for donors to buy more senators, not fooled!
WE NEED AFFORDABLE HEALTH INSURANCE FOR ALL!  STOP SUPPORTING DT IN KILLING THE ACA!
Trump's tax reform is built on the backs of the middle class and benefits the rich. Support Ohioans not GOP policy
Actually we need Ohio SB205 for B-corps and incentives to attract outside capital
Personally Senator I think Ya'll will get nothing done unless someone lines Ya'll pocket with cash for some exemption! @RepJeffDuncan
We need trump gone to restore sanity. Do your job!!!!
There it is. The lie you’ve been warming up to all afternoon.
Rob's not interested in public service for Ohioans but he does show a passion for bribery politics. He's "the billionaire's Senator,"
I am interested in REFORM..but not tax cuts...this country is one big pot hole..we NEED taxes to live in a civilized society
How do you think tax cuts for the wealthy at the expense of health care is going to do that? Or are you spouting rhetoric again?
What sort of reform?
Yes, #TaxReform would. What @GOP and @POTUS are proposing is not Tax Reform. It's a giveaway to the wealthiest at the expense of the rest.
Needed #TaxReform =  taxes on , capital gains, & financial transactions, and investing $$ in ed., ec. dev., and infrastructure.
And healthcare.
We need quality jobs, not quantity jobs. Quit trying to make new jobs and make the ones we have now better.
Taxing big manufactureres such as GM with factories in Canada back to Ohio & Michigan wud go a long way in creating jobs
This has not worked in Ohio, as you know. It was devastating to Kansas and Louisiana as well. Since you know it is BS, it begs the question, why? Who really benefits?
We need to foster a technological revolution.  We need to train people for the jobs of tomorrow.  Everyone learn programming and networking!
No other country is going to work with us with that man in the White House.
your tax plan is a loser for America but will help the top 1% like yourself. Don’t (cont) http://tl.gd/no6lc9 
We don't need tax cuts for the 1%
Not the way the president wants to do it.
Jobs are Racist!
tax cuts do not lead to job creation.
How about lower my taxes? Will it do that? NO. You're a liar and fraud.
