your constituents would like the tally of mail, email, phone calls and in person pleas that you ignored to confirm #nodevos
where and when is this? Is his schedule published somewhere?
speaking @ClermontChamber  event:
@HolidayInn
4501 Eastgate Blvd 
Cincy
Feb 10, 11:30 AM. 
Deliver these Tweets in person.
didn't show up. Afraid to face Ohioans after voting for DeVos/Sessions/silencing @SenWarren?
alternative facts do not make them real.  Wake up Portman
you should be ashamed of yourself for supporting her after hundreds of thousands of Ohioans begged you to vote NO!
I have to believe there are QUALIFIED people out there that believe in local control education. No logic to your excuse
i hope you see what your voters are telling you?  Your voting record is NOT reflecting our message @DavidPepper 2022
Were you asleep during confirmation? Stop convincing yourself with alternate facts. Liar Liar pants on fire. You're a sellout
#youlostmyvote.  What about the $5 million her PAC owes the state of Ohio that you represent?
this wasn't about philosophy, it was about qualification.  Still awaiting comment on J. Falwell Jr. And higher ed task force
your vote was a terrible decision with consequences for all Americans.  Sad.
deeply disappointed in you right now. I can see that you just don't know much about education.
she is extremely unqualified, supports low standards + no support 4 kids w/ disabilities but she funded ur campaign #sellout
only 24 likes and 278 replies about your awful decision.Sure this was about the ratio that called or emailed you to vote no.
wrong. She wasn’t  qualified. At least back people qualified to advance your agenda #$51k
I call BS. She wants to privatize public education. I will knock on doors to make sure all of you get voted out!
disgusting
add this to the list of reasons why I'm leaving Ohio - moving to a state with better schools
what about the strong statements of your constituents begging you to be ethical?
Local control could let small minded politicians like #CandiceKeller negatively impact our schools.
you sold out our kids. Watch what happens when you try for reelection. Love, an Ohio Mom.
translation: you like DeVos money more than you like an educated populace.
how much did you receive from her and her family in campaign donations?
You lost my and my family's votes. And promise we will campaign against you and anyone that you support. You're done...
Making my 1st ever FOIA request today to find out how many constituents contacted u 2voice opposition to Devos. #consequences
Well done  We would not find out otherwise I'm sure.
you're about as useless as an unsharpened pencil. Believe it or not, Ohioans want what is best for their kids! What a concept
Yes to DeVos. Yes to Rule 19. Yes to Sessions. No to constituents. 
$51K to play...sorry we couldn't afford you.
Remember when it is time to vote, Devos gave $45,000 to Portman's campaign. AND although incompetent, he supported her!!
I am sure the 60k she gave your campaign had nothing to do with it.  What an awful choice for our children and America.
wow Rob, look how many Ohio voters you've pissed off this week. You sold us out! Shame on you!
We can't wait till you have town hall meeting...
she sucks and you sold out Ohio kids. No more votes for u
There's not one true thing in that statement.  Is @BetsyDeVos paying you by the keystroke or something? #resist
what a disappointment! You were supposed to be one of the reasonable Republicans that would keep Trump from doing harm....
you can't do much local control when funding is unequal and inadequate
No, it will gut rural public education and send tax dollars to religious institutions. Just stop trying to convince us.
She can smile blankly while answering questions about educating children and demonstrate through answers her own ineptitude.
You cannot be serious. You know she is unqualified. Still swimming in the swamp.
First DeVos, then Sessions. I hope you can grow a set of gonads, and not vote to repeal ACA without a better replacement.
I hope she won't be as bad as I fear. I hoped you would vote against her.
Shame on you.
if you were up in 2018 would you have voted the same way?
#BetsyDeVos is a disaster. You're responsible. Keep your eye on Ohio children. Watch Ohio's schools go down. #neverforget
no. It won't.
She has no grasp of reality. And neither do you. She paid for your vote.
Sure, because local school boards are education experts and subject matter experts.   #dovertrap
Local control allowed segregation to persist in the south.
don't be swayed folks when you start seeing his ads all over the airwaves...Remember where he got that $ to pay for them from
51,000...was it worth it? We know what you are now.  Sellout.
we will remember in November
You have been bought for $51K.  Nice job, buddy!  Do you really think we are that stupid?
We all know this is not true! And you'll hear about it for the rest of your final term in the senate. #DeVostating #persist
Throwing our children under the bus for $51,000. That's not much "value" placed on each child. Duly noted, Senator.
I am embarrassed for you. How can you look your constituents in the eye and say you care about them after this vote?
Is that what you thought before or after DeVos' donated very LARGE amount of $ to your campaign?
yeah and all that $$ she gave to your campaign doesn't hurt either.
maybe you should talk to @SenSherrodBrown to see what we want from a Senator.  #shame
read her strong (monetary) support of the Repub. Party will allow her to win a seat she has no ability to chair
I voted for you twice but never again. You ignored us.
@BetsyDeVos You are both embarrassments to our country.
i spoke to several neighbors last evening about Portman's vote.  Kent Ohio AGAINST Portman.  Lets vote him out of office!
her campaign contributions and ability to fund a primary challenger against you probably had nothing to do with it either???
a corrupted politician looks & sounds like rob portman.  Such a disgrace to Ohioans- start listening to the people not the $
There's not enough lipstick on the planet to cover up this pig. Your constituents won't forget that you were bought. #corrupt
$trong $upport of local control will help parent$ & local communitie$ make be$t deci$ions for our kid$. Fixed your typos.
So disappointed. DeVos confirmed Warren silenced. #PortmanCanBeBought #Sellout #ShePersisted #NoSessions #NoPrice
who are you trying to convince - us or yourself?
funniest tweet of the day. Your constituents will remember this
That article does not confirm your assertion. It only reminds that you've put partisan and personal politics above our state.
based on her experience and popularity
remember when @senrobportman was in the moneyed pocket of DeVoss?  Good times.  DeVoss > Ohio voters?
you are so wrong!
Experienced educators seriously disagree. And want to know what you are doing w/ her $51,000 donation to your campaign.
It has nothing to do with the cartoon-style bags with dollar signs on them, containing $50,000 in “support.”
we want to know, how many calls did you ignore from your constituents?  Shameful
white,  abled, Christian, wealthy kids. But those are the only ones that matter,  right?
seriously...she doesnt even know what ed standards are...who you hire a fry cook to do brain surgery...SURE FOR 42MILLION
Dude just stop.
78k+ Ohioans called you to ask for a No vote  on Devos. Will cost us ea .65 to buy you. Will you listen then?
you will have buyers remorse
haha!!! Not one person in favor of your decision. Thanks for letting us down sell out!!!! You should be ashamed.
do you kneel at the alter of partisan power or do you lay down and expose your belly?
HAHAHAHAHA you're joking, right?
What about Sen Warren's vocal support of civil rights? Why did you vote to silence her? Appalling
I don't think so!     I guess we'll find out soon enough.
you can dress it up however you want--but you can't change what your vote did: hurt our children.
WRONG! #unqualified #doyourjob #listen #wewillremember
I disagree, senator. This hurts communities, especially the most vulnerable among us.
sorry, it's not enough. Her failed policies in MI show this. Unqualified, but rich, and we won't forget how you voted.
did she say she  is planning to pay the $5 million she owes the state?

#SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor
can u afford to send my kids to private school then?  Oh wait, tuition might just be $51,000
Shame.
you may want consider shutting up about this for awhile & just praying it dies down rather than defending your vote.
If you truly wanted what was best for our kids, you wouldn't have voted yes to DeVos!
ask Michigan how that's working out. Get the 5.3 mil that she owes OH #moneytalks
You were bought just like a high price prostitute.  No consideration for the parents of Ohio.
your constituents told you no. You are supposed to represent us and failed.
our children deserved better than Ms DeVos! The public schools and teachers deserve better!
Its a shame that your political party politics trumps what is in the best interest of American, working people, students, etc
You let us down by supporting DeVos. I hope you’ll step up and oppose Jeff Sessions!
Bullshit! She’s an unqualified trump crony who bought herself the position, and you are a sycophant for approving her.
Enjoy your term. It will be your last.
And with no Federal safeguards, kids with special needs won't get their FREE AND APPROPRIATE PUBLIC EDUCATION under IDEA!
She is a strong proponent Ohio schoolchildren, especially those in poor districts, doing without.
You knew she was not qualified, yet you voted yes. Senator you sold us out.
So this is why you didn't vote as your constituents asked? DeVos is only out to profit from education so you can take her $$!
hope your new boss Betsy will give you a job in 5 years.
I just can't take it anymore . You are a liar . You failed us . You are brown nosing your bank account and career . DeVos No
Nice try but...
You can count on NOT getting my support in future elections.
keep telling yourself that. Meanwhile our kids will suffer. Shame on you.
doubt that......
so you got 51k from Devos and she became Sec of Ed so if I gave you 30 bucks would that get you to cover my water bill?
did you decide this before or after her family donated 51k to you and your campaign?
- local jurisdictions don't have the needed funds to fully finance our schools. Federal support is still sorely needed.
My mom and dad were both US Marines.  Can I be Commandant of the Marine Corps? Or Secy of Defense? #devosisnotqualified
Except for the protections guaranteed by the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act which is federal legislation.#resist
It's not about the kids in Ohio. Who you are supposed to represent and have their backs. It's about your wallet
Should've held out for more cash like some of your buddies. Rubio got $100,000. Sad.
no she wont!
you can't fool us. She bought you outright.
is that what you're telling yourself? Most unqualified candidate ever. Can't reform something you have no experience with.
local control?  How about her qualifications rather than her ideology?
prior to your vote no mention of #devos or response to those who asked you to oppose her. You are bought and paid for.
So disappointed in you. Ohio will not forget you chose to no longer represent your constituents and went with your own agenda
no matter how many times you repeat it, doesn't make it true. You ignored your voters & we are angry. #VotePortmanOut
You are simply wronge.
as.opposed to the NEA, boards of education and touchy feely dems sharing bank accounts with the NEA.
On the plus side, even if they're horribly uneducated, in a few years, those kids will be able to vote you out of office.
Remember the 60's, she supports economic segregation! @SenAlexander
so embarrassed for Ohio.
whatev helps u sleep @ night. She is grossly under qualified. Lacks integrity. Dangerous. We'll remember @ the polls
LIES..LIES AND MORE LIES
harsh, but  percent correct.
we will not reelect some one who supports for profit schools, coal in rivers & guns in the hands of the mentally unstable
your constitutes disagree so did Michigan where she ruined those schools. #Publiceducation not private for #profit #schools.
Have you visited the rural school districts in Ohio to see how her 'local control' will help parents and communities?
Denver-local control to erase bad moments in history? Kentucky-creationism? Texas-Moses as a founding father? Ur delusional.
Let me know when you decide that your constituents are more important than your party. I'll be here waiting.
enjoy your last term in office. You put campaign contributions and partisan politics ahead of Ohios children #dumpportman
you're just saying that so she can help you fund your next campaign. How does it feel to be a sellout?
*arrested development narrator voice* this is, in fact, a lie.
DeVos is completely unqualified. Children are more important than our party or donations.
You "thought" about a no vote on deVos  reports The Blade? Should have thought harder.
my friend needs two degrees to be a teacher. How can she run the whole thing without one?
bologna!
I'm sure your bank account would agree. Way to not listen to or care about the people who elected you.
Still not buying it, regardless of how many times you repeat it.
Nope. You can't explain this away, and you can't explain away silencing Sen Warren. I look forward to voting against you
Oh… gee… thanks
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2015/07/20/what-ohio-gov-john-kasich-is-doing-to-public-education-in-his-state/?utm_term=.5b20315914b4 …
Frankly, senator, we’re better off with grizzlies
i wonder how many phonecalls @senrobportman received asking for 'no' vote on #devos. i'm guessing less than 50K.
Shame on you. I watched Devos destroy Michigan public education.  Now YOU let her destroy it in the other 49 states.  Shame
you are so mistaken. Waiting for signs of courage and integrity from you
.@senrobportman Enough she won.  She paid for your vote.  You do not care for your constituents.
You are smarter than this. I happen to know you are.
Dude, we are not idiots.  You may have convinced yourself, but do not think you will convince us.
No.
Nice to know that the price to own you is $51,000. Way to have absolutely no integrity or credibility.
when there is no controls on the charter schools or money to pay for it none of your alternative facts will matter
how does it feel to have every tweet you make shouted down by your constituents? Or does $51K pile up just above your ears?
you should be ashamed to vote for her, listen to Ohio!
how? She did not seem qualified. Will she know what to implement? How to implement? How to measure the success?
She has NO EXPERIENCE. You are a coward who sold his vote. Shame.
she supports lining corporations' pockets with taxpayer 
Didn't you show up to work that day they exposed her utter incompetence? Grizzly bears? Really? Out children deserve better!
so if a local community doesn't equally fund schools in rich vs poor areas, we're supposed to be cool with that?
How is this different than yesterday??? You owe Ohio Public Schools the $51K from #noDevos political hush $$.
Especially if you're willing to slide @senrobportman $50k or so. If you're rich, he'll support whatever you want him to. #boughtandpaidfor
Really? How much did she donate for you to say that crap?
