Tax code matters for rich kids. The rest of us just want health care. Please shut up about everything that isn't healthcare. VOTE NO BCRA
"Billionaire Warren Buffett says 'the real problem' with the US economy is people like him"
Get er done!
Great. Fix the code and go repeal Obamacare.
Cutting taxes for rich people doesn't help.  Remember when Clinton balanced the budget?  We could have had that again but instead....
Govt funding for-profit insurance companies instead of healthcare providers is a severe waste. Stop wasting on middleman and go Medicaid4all
The wealthy should pay more in taxes. Make our tax code more progressive.
Really - I call hyperbole - don't we redo it every year?.  Asking for a friend.
Let me guess: Must cut taxes on ppl doing well so ppl not doing well could theoretically be paid better wages out of altruism of the rich.
Medicaid Expansion is broken, unsustainable and out of control--do you not care about hardworking Americans?!
And they are removing birth control benefits. Why do you hate women, Rob?
Broken by those that sign with Grover to never raise taxes. No logic. No science. No compassion. Just NO. But GOP loves to spend!!
I don't care what the rich get just get my taxes down please

Are repubs now going to abandon health care issues and try to be successful at tax reform?

How much do you spend on aides Senator? Do you have a gov't funded Law Advisor? All you guys and gals have overblown staff! Reduce that!
As if we needed more reasons to oppose!!
Fraud.
You broke it. And clearly you're not done yet.  Healthcare not class warfare.
You spend too much time on listening to the POTUS propaganda.
Portman Going to rubber stamp Trump tax cuts for rich.  Republicans are Trump sheep fleeing the Middleclass tax payers.
Maybe if all the citizens got together as a group and incorporated, Republicons would care about protecting them.
BREAKING: DoJ's corporate crime watchdog resigns, says Trump admin makes it impossible to enforce compliance laws http://www.ibtimes.com/political-capital/justice-departments-corporate-crime-watchdog-resigns-saying-trump-makes-it …
Hey Rob, when/where is your NEO town hall? Time to man up, buddy.
Shame on your silence re: Trump attempt to destroy freedom of the press. Revisit history. Very good reasons founders built in constitution.
How is it that Reps only seem to want tax breaks for the rich and corps? Stop being biased for the rich! We're Americans, too!
What must be done: #REALTownHallNOW.
Trump's tweets aren't funny. They're authoritarian.
Respect is earned and the GOP is not earning it!
You're not getting anything accomplished with him in the WH, I don't trust a thing that's proposed by anyone wearing an R as a label.
Isn't feeding and caring for one's families more important than competing globally? How about helping people before businesses?
You have been in the majority for most of the past 20 years, maybe it's your fault....
Do not believe we can not compete globally because of taxes. Lack of education & skills training more likely. 1% do not need their taxes cut
Let me guess, more tax cuts for the rich & corporations. How can I become a corporation so I don't have tom pay taxes anymore?
#hypocrite to be upset North Korea didn't give opportunity for Otto Warmbier healthcare but your ok decreasing Medicaid to millions #NoBCRA
Great. More tax cuts for the rich, huh? Please point to the studies showing this works, because every economist says trickle down doesn't.
The root of our issues is trump. Excise him and we can start over.
Yes, Republicans broke it by cutting it and putting the harshest burden on those who can't afford it.
Healthcare first #fixitdontnixit trickle down economics don't work
Have you seen the president's  tweets? Can we see a statement from you? Each time he disrespects a citizen of America, he disrespects us all
Interesting article about you in the Cincinnati Enquirer today. Mr. Maybe. Claims to be a moderate but who's voted with Trump 97.2%  of time
SANCTIONS...penalty, punishment, restrictions.
REPEAL ACA = SANCTIONS against women, children, elderly, and citizens w illness and plaques.
Meanwhile you're #POTUS is tweeting nonsense from his shitter again !
What "needs to be done" is wealthy pay their fair share, so more stays in economy to help folks!
People won't be dying from taxes, sir. Please focus on healthcare, and making it work for Ohioans. Or be voted out. #representvoters
Yes...broken thanks to decades of trickle down economics! It does NOTHING 4 middle America! Tired of supporting the wealthy! WE R WATCHING!
Trickle down economics does not work! Let's divide the American pie evenly so workers can live with dignity!
tax decreases for the middle class please. The rich do not need more!
You're not wealthy enough?!
North Korea?  Trump hasn't even acknowledged an incredible attack on our Democracy, and YOUR PARTY is complicit every day nothing happens.
Our country is broken. Now? Now? Are you people up there going to do something about the mentally ill man in the whitehouse.
What the heck you going to do with the deranged person in the WH?  That's broken too!
Do not use the Healthcare plan to fix problems with deficit & tax reform. No tax breaks for wealthy. Focus should be providing healthcare.
It'd be nice if you said ANYTHING about @realDonaldTrump tweet this morning....
Then tax the fuckers that can afford it
Let's first get a real president in place, then we can make some changes.
Quote "take that info back to constituents and have an informed discussion" can you tweet dates/times of your town halls?
Are you assuming massive spending cuts from your party's assault on cancer patients first? #leadership
You want to do to the entire country what Brownback did to Kansas?? Enough with this FAILED trickle down conjob. It's time to tax the rich
No cuts without jobs.  Period.
You can start by no new tax cuts.
Your party is broken. Do you support Trump's latest attack on the media? When will you start defending the constitution?
Giving tax breaks to the ultra rich will not help the middle class and poor.  It will just turn us into indentured slaves.
Do you ever actually say anything? You don't say anything about what must be done. But I'm sure it'll revolve around cutting donor taxes.
When do the health care town halls start, Senator? OH-09, 43606
We have 25% of the worlds wealth. Our corporations account for 50% of global industry. WHY ARE THEY NOT BEING TAXED?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A stunning pair of charts of the CBO report from my colleague @alv9n 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
No big tax breaks for the rich!!  We are watching
I believe Healthcare is more important.  45684.  Not Wealthcare.
Our #letsmoveon Senator
#25thAmendmentNow
You should probably seek out Trump's taxes and go from there.
In case you hadn't noticed, the Presidency is broken too. How much did Russian hackers help your campaign?
Side.  What's in the revised AHCA that McConnell sent to the CBO?
