I am a constituent and I believe that the Republican Russian Party is hell bent on giving more to the rich at the expense of the peasants
Just like billionaire Putin did.
Translation: @senrobportman is going to make the rich richer, the middle class disappear and starve the poor.
Sounds like his college aspirations were on par with @SpeakerRyan
Where can I find your proposed tax plan?
Start by requiring the upper 1% to pay their fair share #CloseWealthGap #Equalpay @OHDems .@oh3voters
Bring in the #flattax!
We need new economy business incentives and infrastructure.
A flat tax for everyone including business and corporations. Release IRS from allowing business to be formed because of tax codes.
Two words, one hashtag, Senator: #FairTax
We must pay $50,000 in federal taxes this year. Can you please put some of that into education and infrastructure? Those make jobs.
Definition of insanity is you thinking #jobs will be created this time after they haven't been any other time you "fixed the tax code"
we know who the republican tax code fix will benefit
I'm for taking away state paid college classes for high schoolers.
No, and the exam fees should be free or discounted deeply. Education is vital!
We need to give U a shot in the arm. By having a #REALTownHallNOW, U can help fix the neglect, worry&angst you're causing your constituents.
That would be your job, Sen so get busy, Are you in DC writing a law or taking most of the rest of the month off? Try to earn your pay!
America 1st will put us LAST. Cutting regs = short-term relief but long-term econo/enviro HURT. INVEST in GREEN energy #JOBS. @senrobportman
#bringbackjobs by growing green energy sector, rebuilding infrastructure, and stop giving tax cuts to the rich. It's really not difficult.
What Donald wants is tax breaks for Donald. That's how he's "fixing" the tax code.
folks when the #$51000man is paying too much taxes , he needs to fix the tax code....duh jeez
kickbacks to the wealthy does NOT create jobs. Invest in the people of #OHIO. Represent us here in OHIO. Do Your Job!
NO! NO! NO! No changes til we ALL see 45's tax returns for at least the last 15 years! Do your job. Demand it!
You mean, bring back even more millions for your party's rich friends.
Trickle down economics does not work, been tried before. Rich get richer, poor get poorer, and middle class erodes. Be careful.
You mean trickle up. Money funneled up from the peasants to the rich greedy who hoard their money.
Let's include a revenue-neutral tax on carbon!
How far does the wage gap have to be before you realize there is no one in the buying pool? #Fightfor15
"shot in the arm," that's a classy way to put it, given the OD epidemic. Keep cutting healthcare and stealing from workers to fund the rich.

List of 109 shady dealings between members of Trump team and Russian oligarchs, govt, mafia. All items w/ citations. https://thetrumpwatchdog.com/2017/03/31/103-paths-from-trump-to-putin/ …
You mean give more money to the rich while continuing to impoverish the middle and working class. Quit distorting your intent.
Wealth in your pocket.
You give tax breaks to the 1% over and over again and we get ripped off Either you intentionally sink us or you have no learning curve.
good luck with that one.  Healthcare was easier and it flopped.  If you go for it again, better not leave Ohio w/o Medicaid.
"Trickle down economic" has never resulted in more jobs, just richer owners - if that's what you are thinking.
I don't trust you at all on this
This isn't the 1980s.  Your Reganesk tax policies and economics are no longer relevant and have proven not to be beneficial for mid class
Perhaps. How you going to ensure it's not fail like Kansas?
Isn't this an awful metaphor given your stance on heroine? Also HOLD A TOWN HALL
Start by demanding 45 shows his tax returns
oh you mean by giving tax breaks to the rich, right? #Rapepublicans
You can do that by RAISING THE MINIMUM WAGE
$2+Trillion of the $19 T #DEBT,shud had been the #Payrolltax on Gov Checks,Fact is it cud b $3T over 30 years #NOT COLLECTED #WTF #TaxReform
do we Raise #PAYROLLTAX on Gov Employ OR JUST ADD Medicaid COSTS TO $20T DEBT , Hmmm whats Conservitive? Gov Employ SKIP OUT on Trillion$
NO GOV PAY shud B Limited from Taxes BY the SAME GOV that write the  LIMIT,DO the math,#RaisePayrolltax & Fund IT
You will not be forgotten in this tax scheme Portman!!!!
Not until Trump releases his TAXES!! Don't be a P$@!%!!!!!
How can you pay less corporate tax than nothing?
Nothing says jobs like stealing $800 BILLION from working Americans & giving it to millionaires and billionaires.... #2022
Eliminating the equipment tax for Biz only created add't school levy requests. If u mean more corporate welfare = PROVE THAT IT WORKS FIRST
Your words are worthless. You are a traitor to the people of Ohio
Hahaha, you really want to try tax reform?. You need 60 votes. And guess what: we don't want the biggest tax cuts for the 1%.
Please show us your ideas that will benefit 98% of Ohioans.  The top 2% don't need any more help.
We need companies and people to pay their far share and not a bunch of loopholes for them to take advantage of.
Code for tax cuts for the rich middle class picks up the slack and the rich get richer while the Republicans laugh
Fix the tax code is "code" for put more $ in 1% pockets, while the rest pay for more defense and less services.
Right!They want to starve services then say "See, the Gov't can't handle this." Then privatize everything to add profit margins for the rich
Don't believe for a second that R tax reform will benefit anyone but the super wealthy.
A shot..give it to trump; spends millions foolishly FLYING 2 HIS NOTELMOTEL TAXES built helipad ON HIS PROPERTY.WHO THE HELL R U WORKING 4
fixing our tax code?  who benefits?  Likely NOT me...
More trickle down? No thanks
Are you ever invited to speak on another network? 
Better not allow that SOB that hijacked your party start a war
Oh boy!
More tax cuts for the rich
More help stripped from the helpless
Time to
#VoteTheBumsOut
Sir where do you stand on @FairTaxOfficial ?
55 page research on growing rate of tax evasion that will cost avg household $50,000 over next decade http://bit.ly/2m8F4HO  his answer?
Low corporate tax rates don't help they bring short term help high rates mean reinvestment into companies and high wages for employees
explain.
If you give the wealthy a tax cut,increase military spending,and cut domestic spending I will know you are not supporting your constituents
We need to have an economic strike until the GOP listens to what the people want.  Hit em where they care
You should hold a #townhall and talk to your constituency about it.
Laughing my pants off only the top 2% are going to get anything Sorry no jobs for you ! No tax breaks for Ohio much less America
Trickle down USA does NOT work in globalized economy.  THIS IS NOT A THEORY.  $ to cheap goods; cheap highs; rich richer and more control.
We can give our economy a boost by getting DJT out of the WH!
@senrobportman, give your specific tax proposals. Keep in mind, we have a $17 trillion debt right now.
More trickle down fuckery, no doubt.
No tax reform, until we see Trump's Tax Returns. @realDonaldTrump
