Not answering your phone? So, when are you having a Town Hall mtg?
Supporting the Stolen Seat?  You are becoming an embarrassment.
He should get exactly as much consideration as Merrick Garland received
We don't want to hear you when the democrats treat him the way you treated Garland.
I'm impressed how you can so openly announce your hypocrisy, most people try to hide it better. #WhatAboutGarland
Hope the Dems give you the same treatment you all gave Obama's nominee.
Sure, right after #MerrickGarland is confirmed
I don't. It makes me fear for my daughter. Supporting Gorsuch is a vote against women. We will remember. #OHNASTYWOMEN
no, thank you.
Can you acknowledge that Merrick Garland deserved a fair hearing, & your personal pettiness cost him that?
While his schooling and academic reports are impeccable, I am more concerned about his views on women's rights and clean air.
I find this extremely disappointing. There's a separation of church and state for a reason.
Corporations are not people.
if you approve him after what you guys did to Judge Garland, this will be me & a lot of other Ohioans at your reelection
I want religion out of the Supreme court and out of government. So no.
@HappyChichester @senrobportman I agree. No on Gorsuch for SCOTUS there's separation of church and state for a reason.
I hope you give him all the fairness and open-mindedness you gave Merrick Garland.
are you sure you've thought this through yet? He seeks to weaken Legislative powers and he will NOT #repealcitizensunited
Of course you do, because evidently you hate women. Or at least want to be all up in their business.
.@senrobportman You should've welcomed Garland. Barring that, try supporting separation of church and state. Our Constitution. Remember it?
This constituent disagrees. Gorsuch is no friend of religious liberty, only religious privilege.
I don't.
That's too bad. Your party stole this seat from Obama. #BlockGorsuch
You win, Rob. Fair and square. Asked you to do the same thing last year, but you wouldn't budge. You win.
As a constituent, I urge you to vote No. Religion has no place in government. I will be sure to call your office also.
Senator Portman I urge you to listen to the voices of & represent the people of #Ohio & vote otherwise.
Separation of church and state...  it matters.  I'm already sorry I voted for @RepSteveStivers, hoping you will do better.
religion has no place in government, beginning to think you don't either.
Statement from @senrobportman on Gorsuch.
fair minded ? Independent? Not this SCOTUS candidate who answers to Trump/Bannon   Do right thing & vote no
The republicans should give Judge Gorsuch the same consideration they gave Judge Garland. #obstruct
disagree
too many reservations with this pick. Will be calling to talk about them.
respectfully request you reconsider the rights of people vs corporations and vote no on Gorsuch - from 45434
only one that should be considered is Merrick Garland. What the Republicans have done to this party is horrifying.
Judge Gorsuch does not have a record of impartiality that a #SCOTUS nom should have
You welcome someone who is against #EqualRights and he must be blocked for 1,450 days.
Do your job and listen. Also, return phone calls. I'm ready to talk.
Should be Judge Garland. Be prepared for the same courtesy from us and our Democratic MOCs
take note of how many people are speaking out against your support, you represent us. Do your job.
Thank you Senator Portman; he appears to be well qualified. Please also vote against Betsy DeVos who is not.
you need to start impeachment proceedings  4 he starts growing his tiny little mustache!!!   #NEVEREVERMYPRESIDENT
#corporationsArentPeople
As a constituent I am whole-heartedly against this nomination and urge you to reconsider.
As an Ohio voter, I would prefer Merrick Garland.
Party over people I see .No care about women or people just corporations .Be nice if you answered your phones
no Supreme Court Justice until we have A president elected by popular vote AND  electoral  college.
sorry to hear that
It’s far too late in Trump’s presidency to allow him to seat a Supreme Court justice. It should be left to the next POTUS.
NO!
Glad to hear you'll give him the same consideration as Garland. You'll be hearing from me tomorrow
No! We're goina have a big problem! No DeVos's! No! No! And another No!
my vote not yours as long as you vote on behalf of your party instead of on behalf of your constituents. You work for me.
Disappointed that you had nearly a year and did nothing about Merrick Garland's nomination. He deserved better.
I will also plan to call your office and discuss my disapproval. You are not serving your constituents or the Constitution.
good to know you oppose Ohio women having insurance coverage for birth control. What are you doing to provide for children?
As your constituent, I don't know who views you represent. Not moderate or progressive. When will you you hear our voices?
I'm sorry but if you'd done your job 1 year ago there wouldn't be a vacancy.
Please give him the same consideration you gave Merrick Garland.
ridiculous. The senate should vote on him - right after Garland.
so disappointed you apparently aren't thinking about anything but towing the party line. Ohio should be your priority
I hope he receives the same thorough hearing that Judge Garland received.
I welcome him to years of waiting to be confirmed.
You should be demanding an investigation into Trump's ridiculous, reckless, and dangerous behavior rather than kissing ass.
Clear your answering machine tried leaving you a message and it's full. Do your job we pay your salary Trump doesntpaytaxes
Doesn't accept faxes either.
despite his opposition to women having access to universal health care and services provided by Planned Parenthood?
Welcome the nomination all you want but support your constituents by voting NO to his appmt. It's your duty, sir.
I'll be calling you about this soon. Corporations aren't people. I disagree with you on this.
I'm sorry, I think that is a bad decision. I understand that you're a Republican but please, seriously think abt our needs
I hope the dems give the same treatment to this nominee as the Reps did to @BarackObama nominee. #obstruct #SCOTUS
ur complicit in robbing those of us who voted 4 Obama of almost a year  of his term & your bragging? b ashamed! #SCOTUS
Merrick Garland. Still waiting.
shame on you. You represent my voice by boycotting middle of the road nominee & then automatically approve this. #dispicable
Add this to the list of items that we have problems with Senator.  We'll be in touch on this issue soon.  #StandIndivisible
Thank you Senator Portman! Happy to know we in Ohio can count on your support!!
shame on you. you hate women and are anti-gay. i will campaign against you.
Amen!  You need to tell Sherrod Brown to wake up!
You meant to say Merrick Garland.
