You give a lot of lip service to opiod crisis but taking away healthcare from Ohioans will only make crisis worse
Your true colors are peeking through. No vote only after McConnell pulls vote before July 4. Comment about protestors against #AHCA being
from New York. All party line. Ohians need affordable healthcare w/ reasonable deductibles & copays. If you're interested in really curbing
opiod crisis set up educational intervention plans as preventative measure & medical treatment programs for the addicted. Medicaid expansion
in the #ACA would already help w/ treatment programs and intervention programs would create new jobs in healthcare field.
Taking away healthcare is not an answer @senrobportman. Giving tax breaks to people who are already wealthy while taking away that same
Healthcare is immoral and unethical. You say you're for Ohio? Say you're trying to curb opiod crisis? Time to put up or shut up.
This is coming from someone that voted for you
Too many people would be hurt if ACHA passes--including my sister. Stay strong! #VoteNOonACHA! #ACHAwillHURTus! #FightOpiodsNow!
No on Trumpcare! These tweets are hilArious! Yes opioids are important but so is the traitor in the White House! Democracy depends on action
1. If people had jobs, they generally wouldn't have time for drugs. Subsidize switch from coal to renewables.
2. If they could do drugs safely, e.g. under regulated, profit-motivated supervision, they would die much less.
3. If less risky drugs are more readily/legally available, why use weird synthetics?
Keep your promise to Repeal and Replace Ocare. If you demoralize Republicans and give into the Resistance then dont expect our support.
How about working on improving the #ACA so to include treatment programs and intervention programs instead of repeal w/ no replacement?
You need to fix the ACA not destroy it!  What about Seniors in nursing homes? This bill will kill grandparents who will no longer get care.
Don't be fool by promise of opiod . #TrumpcareKills 

DO THE RIGHT THING! Work 1st for ur constituents-then 4 US citizens-last 4 ur party
But first, let's help the GOP destroy the lives of millions of Americans by taking away their health insurance. #hypocrite
If you really wanted to stop the opioid epidemic you wouldn't take away health care coverage from millions of Americans.
Thank you,is why we need you to Vote No on the @realDonaldTrump health care bill
Please care about all health concerns.   Please keep health care for all Americans
Experts say that the Senate health care bill wouldn't fix the country's opioid epidemic.
What do you think they will turn to when they no longer have healthcare to manage their pain or disabilities? That's right cheap heroin.
Please do what is right for our nation and vote against any cuts or eliminations of all that has helped us stay healthy & alive.
183,000 died from overdoses. Sales have quadrupled. GOP agreed $43 billion to treat opioid addiction. Better idea, stop prescribing opioids.
ACA is working. Please fix it instead of throwing 22M off the healthcare rolls.
Yes, and they need to work to provide great healthcare to all Americans.
And also to give all Americans access to health care and stability.   Healthy citizens = healthy country
How about we shorten your statement to "Congress must work!"  #SevenYears
Fraud.
But get rid of Obamacare first!
Vote NO on Trumpcare
What about your Republican President and his buddy Putin? Remember how he cheated your constituents out of an election...
Rob thanks for deflecting back to HC BUT can you go on record about trump and the G19 summit please. Becus USA looks lost afterwards.
How about working with Dems on healthcare?? A good place to start but you resist.
And making sure millions don't lose their healthcare. Right, Rob?
Maybe you should vote against Trumpcare then.
Your support for opioid treatment is great. It will not shield you from your responsibility to vote NO on BCRA. Do the right thing Rob.
That means both sides & 40 billion for opioids is not a fix to the whole healthcare bill
Medicaid is really doing the heavy lifting in fighting this crisis. It needs to be strengthened, not undermined.
Try listening instead of running your mouth! Vote yes on McConnell/Trumpcare and all your hollow rhetoric on opioids becomes moot!
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/07/children-ohio-opioid-epidemic …
Do you care about anything other than the opioid crisis or is this just something you are using to not address the issues?
Enough for now on opioids! What about our pro-Russia prez?? What will Senate do in response? #checksandbalances #leadershipcrisis
Identify underlying issues - only working together on all challenges can we make progress #bipartisan #principalsinaction #standuptoTrump
Quit beating this with a stick. Fix the healthcare bill instead of kissing ass with your other senate colleagues.
Just a reminder, Senator - MILLIONS of people are counting on YOU to make their lives better, not worse. We want healthcare, not #Wealthcare
How will congress do anything when the majority GOP are morally corrupt and do not understand basic math? #ProtectOurCare
Yeah - like suing big pharma for their excesses.
So what say you on this latest Russia BS?  You are deflecting Mr Portman
That health care bill is going to kill as many people as the opioid crisis
probably more
Work together to fix the ACA, that will help all Americans, not just those addicted to opioids.
How - treatment & buprenorphine with Medicaid caps planned and no guarantees for essential basic coverage or pre-existing cond. No Repeal
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
Why this is local issue NOT a Federal issue? Do you job we elected you for! Pass reform on taxes health care and infrastructure!
"Work together" Does that mean you will invite @SenateDems to help? This is a #bipartisan issue #NoBCRA
Arrest the doctors prescribing this shit! Revoke their http://licenses.Build  the wall and stop flow of drugs coming to US!
How about saving this country from Putin too?
He is never going to go against anyone when he's getting kickbacks. #DoYourJob #youworkforthepeople
Yes, opioid crisis is big problem. But today I see trump wanting to get together with putin for cyber security as a much bigger problem.
MOST pressing 4 #Congress #russiagate #emoluments #trumpdemented #25thAmendment Drugs,important,but congress MUST save US #democracy ! #ACLU
The ACA assured addiction treatment.  Trumpcare won't.
Working together?
https://www.google.com/amp/thefreethoughtproject.com/watch-cop-dumps-woman-wheelchair-fellow-cops-nothing-help/amp/ …

Improve the ACA.  No to Trumpcare.
So don't cut spending for treatment.
please, please fight for all health care- not just addiction.  Vote no on this awful bill- thousands of hard working Ohioans will lose out
And Chuck Schumer, too!
Please tell Mitch McConnell!
"but heaven forbid we reach across the aisle to work on healthcare!"

Please stop tweeting on the same topic multiple times. We need to hear about what the Senate will do to halt POTUS's pro-Russia activity.
Soon public education will be a for-profit enterprise thanks to Betsy Devos. That sounds bad, but happily we'll be too stupid to realize it.
Citizens want freedom from fedgovt overcontrol.Get fedgovt out of healthcare! Can't pay for addiction FOREVER!
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
Didn't realize freedom from govt control=no HC & huge tax cuts for rich. Wake up!
Obviously Ins Co & big Pharma, that are stealing billions from us, are much better
#RepealDontReplace
And opposing gutting Medicaid in senate health denial bill. Please vote no!
If you've seen the president's latest tweets, you will realize we have a more pressing problem.  It's only the security of our country!
.@senrobportman Work together to #SaveMedicaid #ProtectOurCare
do something about the big pharmaceutical companies that are producing these drugs. They are the 1's making millions.
oh, but you can't because they have bought and paid for you. How much did you sell out for?
Tell that to @AkGovBillWalker
The threat of the GOP Healthcare plan is there too.
But not with "spit in the ocean" $$$ from McConnell so you & other sens. pass the people-imperiling healthcare/tax-cut-for-rich bill!
Dear @MerriamWebster please insert @senrobportman picture under the definition of "tone deaf". Thank you, all Ohio constituents
Could also put his picture under spineless too!
Congress must work together to solve the health care debacle first AND do it in a m=humane manners/out lining the 1%s pockets. Vote NO.
Good god, enough with the opioid crisis. How about the leadership crisis caused by @pouts abdication to Russia and China?
By taking HC away and killing the problem? Your hero just got in bed with our #1 adversary according to General Dunford. Any thoughts Nancy?
Yes! Now pass Universal Health Care so this crisis can be addressed both on the individual level and on the public health level.
The Senate health care bill will not do this. Vote No, fix ACA.
Also, u need to look into Trump wanting to work with Russia on cybersecurity
I am a constituent. Is that why Ben Sasse balks at the prospect of working with Democrats? Party over country, country be damned. Pathetic
Your healthcare bill is a bigger problem than opioids Rob - it will undo all the work on opioids and hurt millions of people. #leadership
Why don't you "work together" to fix the ACA instead of sabotaging it with the rest of the #GOP. Name one vote you have done to help? One?

"If Medicaid is taken away, I don’t know if I can still get help." #opioidcrisis http://bit.ly/2tXMN1j 
So, keep ACA.
