Did he articulate those values or just say that they exist?
Ohioans are your allies, Rob, but you seem to be ignoring us. There are people waiting to talk to you in your offices. #WaitingForPortman
Yes, but normal Ohioans don't have the kind of money it takes to purchase politicians. #followthemoney
This should really be a nonissue
STICK IT!
Trump reaffirmed his commitment to Putin. Stop sitting on your hands, Senator Portman. 
Graham: Trump's cyber partnership with Russia is one of the dumbest things I've ever heard http://hill.cm/VlVeFN9  
Please take your head for the sand and do something about this mess. You are complicit. Stand up and do the right thing.
Every bit of praise you heap on this corrupt man shows us exactly how strongly you stand against the American people.
Healthcare could be taken away from 22 mill people so rich folks can get a tax break. Only thing that matters right now.
He also attacked our institutions, and couldn't openly commit to the Russia assault.  Then, he had a secret meeting, and you applaud him???
Our President attacks our democratic institutions and craps on the Constitution daily, and you ignore it.  Your party's trust erodes daily.
Are you aware that his speech carefully advanced White Nationalist objectives, not western liberal values?
You're such a fool standing behind this crooked administration you're on the wrong side of history #ImpeachTrump
Please stop pretending DJT isn't an utter embarrassment. He bashes fed law enforcement, former Pres Obama & our free press ON FOREIGN SOIL.
What on Earth are you talking about?
He criticized former POTUS, journalists, and people from the IC who put their lives on the line for this country. You sir are no patriot!
Here's an article from the Telegraph.  Needs to be confirmed, but if it's true - what does that say?  Love to hear.
If you'd be #Ohio's ally, you could reaffirm your commitment to your constituents by voting #NoBCRA. We want to #FixTheACA.
#REALTownHallNOW
Reaffirm commitment to NATO allies??  C'mon Portman!  He's alienating all of our allies, one by one!  Don't be delusional. #ohio
why is @IvankaTrump  representing the USA with our allies. Bullshit
Were you as pleased to see him disrespect US intelligence, the free press & a former American President?
What values?
So you only tweet to support POTUS? Never to distance yourself when he is outrageous?
You are trying to make it harder to pass consumer protections. Because corporations  profit and loss statements are more important ?
Senator Look At The Bright Side Portman
What sort of values are we showing here Senator?
Hmmm, sounds like someone's vying for a lifetime Senate appointment when our democracy is toppled.
You should remember who you work for man. I sure do. Renounce his weakness, grow a spine.
When will you stop trying to make him seem competent? You regularly disappoint.
Fake president. 

Very weak statement on Russian interference. Lied about Obama (again). Lied about our free press.

STOP enabling him.
Stop tweeting you're going to regret it. He's going to get impeached #ImpeachTrumpNow
You a Russian traitor too all of you are .
And at the same time put down freedom of the press and discredited our intel community.  Great leader - NOT.
Are you pleased that he ignores Russian attacks on our democracy?
Q: What happens if Trump doesn't bring up meddling?

Clapper: "Putin will be even more emboldened to continue their activities." 
Do actually believe the garbage you tweet?
Really. That's what you have to say. Spineless.
That' was yesterday. Tomorrow will be back to NATO is obsolete,we won't follow Article 5. He has no coherent position on anything. Dangerous
With any normal president, we would take our commitment to NATO for granted. This is not normal
There are several #Ohioans waiting to meet with you in Columbus, Will you reaffirm your commitment to them? #WaitingForPortman
Yes, but what will he say or tweet today? He contradicts himself constantly. Clearly unqualified and incompetent. Admit it and do your job!
Yeah but he flip flops so he can't be trusted
Don't know what speech you were listening to but that's not how I took Trump's lack of speaking up for freedoms Poland is moving away from
He's destroying ties with allies every time he speaks. What r u pleased about- his bashing of free press or our intelligence agencies?
I'm an Ohio voter. Stand up to him and you will be rewarded.
Yes very nice of YOUR prez only took him 6 months to understand a definite improvement
STEP DOWN, #GOPT TRAITORS.
GET THE NAZI OUT. VICHY GOP @senrobportman
Stronger when our President acknowledges reality, including the reality of Russian interference with our presidential election.
Stronger when our president doesn't denigrate our intelligence agencies when he's speaking abroad.
Stronger when our president doesn't use an international stage to criticize a former president.
Stronger when our president doesn't undermine the 1st Amendment, by trying to destroy confidence in the free press
Stronger when our Congressional representatives don't enable a president whom they know to be incompetent, dishonest and corrupt.
Your Party is run by Big Oil. Of course you steal elections, SCOTUS seats, healthcare. GOP is an organized theft ring.
he should never have put us in danger with our allies. You are as unqualified as he is portman
Were you pleased to see @realDonaldTrump not mention Russian attack on our democracy in Putin meeting....? #PortmanRussia
while you just keep your head buried in the sand .....
Why won't you meet w/ the disabled protesters in your office? You're a coward.
Meanwhile you refuse to meet with @nationaladapt
REFUGEES ARE VICTIMS. REFUGEES ARE IMMIGRANTS. WE ARE A NATION OF IMMIGRANTS. #STOPTHEBAN #TRAVELBAN
And threw 44, our intelligence community, free press under the    Are you pleased with that.

Capitol Police are arresting about 8 people outside Rubio's DC office. They keep chanting "Vote no Rubio" 

"Just vote no!" protesters chant outside of GOP Sen. Cory Gardner's office. Demonstrators have sprawled out across Republican offices.. 

Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 

#StopTrumpCare 
#SaveMedicaid 
#NoCutsNoCaps
#ADAPTandRESIST 
…
