Are you deliberately ignoring the thousands of people who are contacting you about Betsy #devos? Insulting.
Nope. Listening to the 10's of thousands tired of selling out our children to teachers unions.
I'm not in a union. Did you know that there's no requirement to teach in a priv school at all
and there is not ability to fire terrible teachers...

the @washingtonpost and the @newyorktimes110 ??? that is it? Way to bias
Do the sources you prefer have an editorial board? Do they print retractions when they're wrong about something?
yes they do. and I find more than one source and do my research.
-are you fighting what's right for our children? That would be a historic battle! #PortmanStopDeVos
Will children in Betsy DeVos' charter schools learn history? What kind of textbooks will they read?
um how about Washington Park park for the Women's March? Does that count? Because I'm still fighting
was that $51,000 worth selling your soul? Support public schools and vote no on #Devos
am puzzled why no engagement on DeVos.Unqualified.Views not in step w/mainstream or what's best 4 kids/comm
So now we're On The same level as Russia? Where do you stand in This quote from your president?
#SayNoToDevos!!!!
It feels like Ohio is a battlefield. Activists fighting for the people of OH, one Senator hiding in DC.
Devos sounds like someone who can get the schools back on track to educate the youth instead of indoctrinate them. Vote yea.
Senator this is what awaits every Congress person who doesn't stand up against Trump
This is turning into a disaster for House Republicans: congressman just walked out of town hall, avoiding questions as crowd shouts "shame." https://twitter.com/1katieorr/status/827958678372306945 …
Look who took huge $ from @BetsyDeVos 
#resist
@AFTunion @NEA
Hi, Rob. How about forgetting about battlefields and thinking about children being shortchanged for profit. No on DeVos?
With all due respect, you need to focus on the future of public education #NoOnDeVos
.@senrobportman Senator, it’s ironic that you honor Union triumph in the Civil War, while you support Bannon’s white supremacist policies.
right now #spineless I'm more concerned that you vote #NoOnDeVos #PaytoPlay
More than Betsy DeVos!!!! She hasn't even been to school!! #voteNO
. @senrobportman will you stand up to Trump's embrace of Putin?  Why does Russia's FSB have influence/control in WH?
ok...stop ignoring the wishes of your constituents. Stand up for Ohio's children #notoDeVos 44035
Are you kidding? NO to DEVOS.  She owes Ohio $5 M. Please wake up!
if you vote YES 4 DeVos I will vote against U next election & donate to UR opponent.  I #TaketheDeVosPledge #DumpDeVos
it's been hard to find the time in between rallies asking you to hear your constituents!
Nice deflection from your pressing issues like DeVos vote. Recuse yourself for taking large donations from her. Or do you plan to vote no?
I'm more concerned I won't be able to enjoy Wild Wonderful WV since you voted to allow stream polluting.
this is great but we are more concerned about your vote on Devos. #DumpDevos
Seriously, there are more important matters right now instead of tweeting about historic battlefields.
vote no on DeVos!!!
Senator I #TaketheDeVosPledge
Take the DeVos pledge: If your senator votes to confirm, you will vote against their reelection and donate to their opponent.
Ohio students won't need to know history if DeVos is confirmed . They will know what YOU did to their future.
Are you going to Iran or China when Trump starts a war via Twitter? Oh that would be two historic battlefields!
Quit avoiding the current events. #noDevos #StopDeVos
thank you for sharing.   Please keep health care for my son and please don't vote for devos.
I love history!  With u not answering questions here or by phones, it looks like that's exactly what ur going 2 be next year!
The battlefield is our backyard these days. #RESIST
You have not addressed that Trump is in violation of the constitution. When will you speak out?
I've been to many.  Also feels like a battlefield trying to get in touch with you on #noDevos vote!
Education after DeVos
with respect, are you kidding??  55 lawsuits and 1 injunction against POTUS, and you tweet about scenic getaways?  #gettowork
wjy aren't you back are president? ??
I think we need to have one in front of your office. Maybe then you’d stop allowing these oblivious tweets go out.
Now just how out of touch are you? You must not be listening at all. This is what you think is important!
Not nearly enough! Are you making sure I'll still have a chance to check them out by keeping our parks and preserves funded?
RP keep your eyes, ears and mind on the battlefield in front of you. NO to DeVos. WATCH OUT FOR STEVE BANNON
vote no on DeVos
there's a battle going on between you and your constituents over DeVos and you refuse to concede because why
I learned about #Ohio history from a great public school teacher.  Please protect public education by voting #NotoDeVos
Will you vote for a profoundly unqualified nominee who has destroyed public education in Michigan?  http://www.freep.com/story/opinion/columnists/stephen-henderson/2016/12/03/betsy-devos-education-donald-trump/94728574/ …
vote no on #DumpDevos 
Or do the bribes you take aka contributions Decide ur vote?
Thanks for posting! I've been to three. Finding some more would be a nice summer road trip.
We do battle on your phone lines and in your offices every day, but you want to hide behind tweets #noDevos
how about you join our current battle and vote NO DeVos!  #DumpDevos
No on DeVos
you're so annoying you dont even answer th questions of the people you represent. SHERROD BROWN IS BETTER
tell us why you're voting de Vos? We know it's because she paid you $51,000, but want to hear your take.
PLEASE VOTE NO ON DEVOS. SHE IS UNQUALIFIED. CABINET POSITIONS SHOULD NOT BE ABLE TO BE BOUGHT.
might want to #DumpDevos or start making the case for why you feel she is qualified for the job.
What side of history do you want to be on? The pay to play side? Sad. Vote no on DeVos. Go after her for the $5M she owes us.
do you really think Devos is qualified?
Seems like the battlefields are at your offices and in your replies. Vote NO on DeVos and Sessions.
I feel like you are on Twitter a lot today but missing the plot- pls vote NO on DeVos

kinda wild that US GOV killed NDNs, then a paper in a city with a team called NDNs files THIS.
dude, really? Nice try. How about justifying your votes? Maybe vote no on an unqualified nominee? #DumpDevos
your failure to respond to repeated questions on a serious vote scheduled in two days is offensive sir.
Wonder how folks are going to pay attention to battlefields when taught the earth is only 3K years old? #NoonDeVos
you know that else is interesting? This petition for your resignation!
read the pleas of Ohio's voters and vote #noDevos before Ohio schools and US public education are history.
after her testimony you would not hire DeVos to work at Golden Lamb. Vote no.
I'll go to all of them as long as you vote NO on Betsy!
I'll come with you! #dumpdevos
Quit changing the subject. No on DeVos? Russian ties? We want answers!
Remember when you tried to gut the Antiquities Act to sell them off to #BigOil? I do
Right now I'm more concerned with the battle for #Ohio's schools! Take a stand and vote NO on Betsy DeVos! #DumpDevos
Glad to hear you're interested in history Senator.  Tell us, what side of history will you be on? #NoBanNoWall
