So @senrobportman you're worried about phones for the poor AFTER you try to take away our healthcare!? LMAO  You are so f-ing out of touch!
End the program. Here is another example of how government cannot manage itself.
This program helps a lot of people get and keep jobs.
If they get a job they can pay for their own phone like I do
From an economist's standpoint it makes sense to give $1 to make $10 supporting the economy, but so many are shortsighted.
who's dollar?
The government funds economic development at every level.. Fed, state and city. This is no different.
The government produces nothing. Only private business can create jobs. Gov has to step out of the way and not slow growth
The government indeed does have a hand in economic development.
Your silence on Trump speaks volumes. Grow a spine, country before party. Time for Trump to go.
And congressional oversight of a corrupt executive branch?  You have turned a blind eye to emoluments, conflicts of interest, & collusion.
How much longer willyou stand by while Trump destroys this Nation! This is beyond insane and you are COMPLICIT in your silence!!!
Good oversight DOES matter. Do your job and stand up to the leader of your party, or you are unfit for the office to which you were elected.
Good oversight would renounce: Russian collusion & treason
Racism in speech and WH
Emoluments
Human trafficking
Sexual predator
Sexist pig
What a joke! You. Are. A. Joke. Good oversight blather while you sit right beside Trump and nod yes to racism, sexism, environmental ruin. F
I do not understand how this narrowly promo excuses your maleficence of office in representing the people of Ohio? #Sherod's BFF
Supports the nazi sympathizer comments of @realDonaldTrump . Why is #robportman a nazi supporter?  #doyourjob #growaspine #impeachtrump
Good oversight would be dealing with the Fuhrer and his minions in the White House.  That's right I said it.
I spoke to a Jewish staffer in your office yesterday. What do you tell him about Trumps defense of anti-Semitic marches?
Wow! Excellent conversation. Which office? What did the staffer say?
Please denounce the insane NAZI in our beloved White House, we don't give a damn about phones right now. #ImpeachTrump
You should be ALARMED by Trump's behavior.  The rest of the world is!
Do you Support @realDonaldTrump ? Simple question.
Crickets.
The article says nothing about people being overcharged, only that there are people who aren't eligible but are being approved, and that...
...you want more oversight to stop fraud and abuse. If there is fraud it needs to be dealt with, but make your tweet match the article.
While we're on the subject of oversight, when are you going to exercise some oversight on the white supremacists in the White House?
On a similar subject, you seem to have overlooked (get it?) the need for a town hall so your constituents can talk to you face to face.
Any comment you leave here, follow up w/ a call to him. Calls have more impact. (Call after hours if you're shy & leave vm. Still counts!)
Rob. We have a Nazi sympathizer as a President. What are you doing about that?
1.2 million dollars!That amount is a joke! Wow thanks for tackling it. How about WFC forcing unnecessary collision insurance on 800,000 ppl?
We all know why you want to strip these phones from the elderly, disabled & poor, your offices are getting tired of hearing from all of them
Of ALL the things to focus on or freaking work on, it's ALWAYS attack programs that help the disabled & the elderly! That's the @GOP WAY!
Deflection much?? ...By all means LET'S HURT & MAKE LIFE WORSE ON SENIORS & THE DISABLED!!! Lord knows, those jerks need it, right Rob?? smh
How about paying attention to one of your biggest responsibilities OVERDIGHT OF THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH. Your President is a Nazi sympathizer.
How about more scrutiny of The Trumps?
I'm ur constituent.Tried 2 call during your office hours & got voicemail. Plz stop w/ this stuff &deal w/ the Nazi&Russian sympathizer Trump
The biggest issue is our dreadful President, it's simply not business as usual. Can't forgive you if you forgive, ignore or explain this.
Oh BooHoo! R country is coming apart at t seamsNso many more tragic ways That couldBhelped ifU we're working WITH R Pres Inst ofAganistHim!
What? A Nazi sympathizer pretends to care about low income families? When will we see you throwing the white supremacist sign like Miller?
Hello there my name is Rose i would like to meet responsible person
Psst Rob, in case you hadn't noticed, there's a LUNATIC LOOSE IN THE WHITE HOUSE!
Your silence on your racist in the White House is showing your racism. If only you had a black or Jewish son.
We need good oversight of the Executive Branch. That's part of your job. Do it.
Speak out against your racist president! You silence speaks volumes!
In the meantime Trump and his thugs shut down EPA, terrorize immigrants, protect White Supremacy, and talk of invading Venezuela! #impeach
I remember the good old days when we had good oversight protection to keep water & air clean, and nazis were considered foes not friends.
Wow, work is busy there. Anything going on causing all of this work? Do you want to talk about it?
Be a senator. Be a man. Condemn trump by name. But I won't hold my breath.
It's all business as usual with you. You're not listening to constituents. You & every member of #congress need to rebuke Trump by name.
This is a back burner issue until you do something about racism besides more empty statements. You're a Legislator - legislate
Tracfone service under one of those programs cut my phone calls off after 5 minutes per call. Built-in time limit for phone use.
Pull your head out of the sand, senator, you can't hide from this.
Try overseeing the President for once
Passive-aggressive tweets.  Boring, Rob. @POTUS and his gaggle of goons...you own them. GOP owns the white supremacist in @WhiteHouse

Way to target programs to help the poor @senrobportman. I bet it's hard for you to see past your privilege to understand no phone, no job.
Town Hall?
Yet you dont want the poor to have insurance.
Nazis
Save their money for healthcare - still way underwater.  Check @POTUS who is unresponsive on ACA funding causing insurers to increase 20%
We aren't distracted, Senator. Speak out firmly against Trump. It's time!!
Until you and GOP "do" something about Trump, I'm not interested in what else you think.
Seriously? THIS is what you're worried about right now?
LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA

WE DON'T HAVE A WHITE SUPREMACIST IN OFFICE AND THERE'S NOTHING WRONG W/ HOW MUCH HE LOVES RUSSIA!!!
Try and focus, FCC chair helping Sinclair Broadcasting monopolize TV news or not protecting Net Neutrality. Big companies will charge  more

'Pay No Attention to the Orange Racist in the WH'  - RP
How about exercising some Congressional oversight over the President while you're at it? #Impeach #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller #ohio
Wow, the irony. Good effing oversight wld be to call out the "president" BY NAME for abetting white supremacists & harboring them in the WH.
You do know you're supposed to be a check on the executive branch, including the president, dont you @senrobportman?
#NoRacistWH
#whereyouat
Do everyone a favor and find out why Americans spend more for phone service that Europeans
Let's talk about anything,  but Russians Collusion, racist President! Senator it's all GOP you own him! Stand up !
Why did you not help us get the mentally ill man out of office? We all may not even need a phone soon. The whole world watched this.
Most of your campaign $ comes from a #DarkMoneyMafia. You won't hold town hall meetings, & Ohioans shouldn't trust you, Rob.
