My wife works as a counselor for drug treatment. The crisis is worse than reported-which is bad enough. Cut this support and more people die
Please vote no, I have mental problems and am scared about what would happen to me without my Medicaid covering my medicine.
As a person with a serious preexisting condition my family would be devastated by the reintroduction of annual/lifetime spending caps.
.@senrobportman are you concerned about the sunset on the essential benefits giving insurance companies the right to exclude these services?
Another words if u vite for this Bill maybe u should start paying urs & premiums should be 50-75% of ur income
I have concerns about Medicaid caps, especially those for children. This is not the only concerning thing about this bill! #DontCapMyCare
Then why did you help WRITE this bill if you're so concerned Rob?
follow your doubts! This bill is bad for Ohio and the nation.
You seem to be a caring and compassionate person; please do not support trumpcare. It is a death Bill for seniors & children.
See if u could afford that.Really Senator I'm wondering what happened to GOP which had family values & morals.No sign if either in ur party
Good, represent Ohio and vote NO @senrobportman
Hi- he wrote bill, don't get played, he's voting yes, and trying to make us feel good about it.
They're all going pay severe penalty 4 causing suffering babies,children handicap,& sick.Remember God promised Satan reign 7 yrs.6 >2 go?
Please vote NO on Senate healthcare bill.
Ohio Loves Medicaid
If that's your goal, vote NO On AHCA. It doesn't do ANY of those things and you know it.
Ohioans will pay more and lose coverage. It's a tax cut for the rich. Vote no.
Where are all the pro-trumpcare, senator?  perhaps you could provide one?  Then watch us year it apart.  Btw, where is your town hall?
Coward.  Just like the rest of you smirking bought-out republicans.
You are ok with taking insurance away from people with mental illness,but you are ok with them buying guns? I feel like I'm being punked
Vote for this EVIL sacreligious unAmerican bill u can never use God get elected again.This Bill clearly does Devil's work.Which side r u on
This bill will decimate Ohio, the very people who elected you would suffer the most. All that for a tax cut for people who don’t need one.
And die-hard GOP and Trump fans will blame it on Democrats and Obama and unions, not the Ohio and Federal Repub majorities.
Your 'concerns' are meaningless, if you are taking the partisan route. Cannot say you are working to end the opiod epidemic, and vote yes.
Do not vote yes! If you care about Ohioans this wouldn't even be a thought in your head.
“concerns” should lead you to vote against BCRA. If you care about those impacted by opioid epidemic (or other living people) vote NO
Thank you for voicing your concerns! Please #VoteNo!
Please think about the value of every life that will be put at serious risk by TrumpCare- seniors, disabled, women, kids, veterans.
Your concerns are well-founded - do what's best for Ohioans and #VoteNoBCRA
AND pre-existing conditions AND essential health benefits AND lifetime caps AND on and on. Please do the right thing.
What about pregnant women, elderly, children, babies,Handicapped.Id rather pay more for them than keep paying those want make them sufferl
If you don't have a warm fuzzy feeling ..vote no!!
Will those concerns prevent you from blindly following orders?
Stand up for those who elected you to look out for our best interests. TRUMPCARE is NOT. Be a hero and surprise us. #NoToAHCA

Thank you for opposing the senate Wealthcare bill. Please stay firm and don't sell out on this terrible bill that will harm millions!
Please vote no, very publicly, on the new healthcare bill.  Do what's best for Ohio.  Thank you.
Me too.  If you are serious, then work w Democrats to improve ACA. BCRA solves no problem except how to funnel more money to rich people
Vote no on #Trumpcare Medicaid is too important to Ohioans and those across the US. Don't let #ACA die. Fix IT. But #Trumpcare is death.
Please vote NO!
Time for Single Payer
Please do not vote 4 this plan. I know Trump's rich supporters r  threatening Heller. I hope he n u will resist their threats. No 2 bullying
Sen. Portman, if Obamacare doesn't work, we will need to expand Medicaid, not cut it back. Caring for our poor and sick is human decency.
I am a working, tax paying citizen. It's not about you or me. Please do what is right.
Kingston just implied your vote could be bought with "more money for opioids".  You DO know others will be hurt, too, with trumpcare. Right?
Ohio will be needing more assistance at the rate we are going, certainly not a phase out.  Our crisis is not slowing down.  #VoteNo
GOP plan will lead to more uninsured, higher premiums/deductibles for most. "Concerns" of no weight if you still vote for this horrible bill
You have fought so long to prevent and treat addiction As a constituent + recovering addict, I beg you to vote against AHCA.
Yes, Sir, be concerned.  Ohio will lose a lifeline of support for lives fighting the Opiod Crisis.  Turn this bill down.
r focus on addiction -not other illnesses -has the cynical nature me wonder if ur linked to folks that would profit ugh
I share those concerns and have many others. Please vote no.
This bill will kill me and my 3 y.o. daughter. #renalcancer #Downsyndrome #hypothyroidism   #AVheartblock #HearingLoss #TrumpCareKills
Senator, read all the comments. Do you see anyone asking you to vote yes? Now you have to weigh $382k Vs your constituents.They are watching
The simple truth is, if you truly care about all  Ohioans, you vote NO.
Oh yes, the "concerns" rhetoric. We see right through that, Rob. That means "I'm pretending I'm a responsible legislator to fool you rubes"
"Continued to be concerned" is way to kill time till you vote yes. $382k from Health lobby has sealed the vote. Shame, Shame!
Thousands of healthcare workers will lose their jobs here in Ohio. You know this but I'd the least talked about. vOTE NO
Please vote NO on this new bill. Age tax. Preexist conds. Seniors. Focus on people, not party or profits
vote yes.  We elected you to help get us out of this mess.  My heart is as big as yours, but my purse is almost empty.
Don't BS us, Senator. You will vote 'yes' since your GOP masters and Corporate sponsors tell you to vote 'yes'. You don't care about us.
What about vulnerable children and elderly who will lose coverage?  Go after pharma to get reduced prices for meds instead.
I am concerned about the elderly and special needs.  Ending Planned Parenthood is really a death wish for many at risk women. Please vote no
The Children of Ohio told me: #DontCapMyCare because we go on and off Medicaid depending on our parents' situations. This bill will hurt us!
Go upstream to the factors causing addiction/substance abuse. There is no quick fix - the problems are social/environmental.
It's not just policies that impact "drug treatment." Its the policies gutting the entire system of health care for vulnerable populations
What about those for the disabled?  Mentally ill?  Elderly?  They matter too!
Mr. Portman, this echoes your "concern" for Lake Erie. Your votes tend to eviscerate the very things that seem to "concern" you.
Please listen to the medical community, including Cincinnati Children's, and vote no.
This Senate "healthcare" bill is a tax cuts for the wealthy Trojan Horse.
Vote no on this.  Work to get a system that works, is fair, is sustainable, and builds economy by improving people's lives.
Bill does not look like it has enough to pass.
if this bill takes care away from the elderly, children,mentally ill and disabledit is not what Americans value!! Vote No!
Did you accept $400,000. in campaign contributions from pharmaceutical companies?  How dare you?
PLEASE vote NO, this Bill contails so many provisions that will hurt Veterans, hurt Seniors, and hurt Americans in general. We can do better
Prove it.
What about handicapped children and adults? This bill, in every incarnation, is cruel to the neediest of us. Ohio deserves better.
You'll tweet about concern then vote Yes. We are not dumb. We get to vote too. Remember that.
Please listen to your conscience and vote NO on this heartless piece of legislation.
Worry about how it impacts 98% of your constituents not the 2%. Remove the Obama ACA taxes.

Ohhhh slavery is still alive & well here in America. Keep their wages low, keep them in debt & kill of those who can't work. #FridayFeeling 
This bill is just plain mean. Big tax breaks for the wealthy and the rest of us suffer. You must fight this!
You are talking out of both sides of your mouth.  Concerns about the opioid crisis and writing this death sentence bill?  Make up your mind.
I continue to have concerns about you holding elected office and understanding your duties. 17% approval in the polls for this bill.
What about the ones that impact mental health care? That is a travesty! If they want us to die that much, just pass voluntary euthanasia!
Your concerns will look like crocodile tears if you vote for the ahca.
Show the nation that Ohio is home to real leaders who care about the health of all Americans. Just come out and say it - this bill is awful
We know the trick. Mitch will throw some token $$ into opioid treatmt, you'll claim a great victory, then vote Yes. We're not falling for it
Indeed!
I buy my insurance from the ACA exchange in Ohio. I have 3 pre-existing conditions & couldn't afford insurance any other way. Oppose AHCA!
Totally insane to take money away from drug treatment - it prevents incarceration and additional health expenses down the road. We say no
Why just drug treatment. Aren't those with cancer, aids, birth defects, heart disease, respiratory disease and many other conditions worthy?
Please also think about elderly, disabled and kids! So many families rely on Medicaid - taxcuts on top earners not worth cost of life!
Good.
People who do drugs choose to do them. Disabled, elderly, and some disease ridden people did not have a choice. You promised repeal!!!!
You were on the committee to form this bill and if Mitch did this bill then he threw you under the bus why support him he is a vile mean man
No kidding. Who would've thought the @GOP would want to gut funding to Medicaid and that it would affect drug treatment programs?
I am an Ohioan w/ 3 dx'd autoimmune diseases. I work! I raise my son! Pls vote no on any bill that doesn't explicitly protect preexisting.
Without affordable care & medication, I won't be able to continue to work. If I can't work, I become a burden to Ohio taxpayers.
Senator... Ohioans need you to stand up for us! Please vote No! Ohio before party loyalty!
'concerns'? Lol. Bet u will be 'swayed' to vote yes. Party > country
If you have concerns, VOTE NO!! This bill hurts women, poor, addicted, & ppl with disabilities. Medicaid is an important lifeline for many!
Vote no then. The whole thing's a mess.
Good to hear, Senator. But not good enough. You need to protect Medicaid, period. Not one dollar in cuts.
please do not vote for this health care bill...it is going to destroy people
You expect to fix this "draft bill" in less than a week?
Pre existing conditions? That doesn't bother you a little?
Vote no, Senator. We are counting on you to do the right thing.
#CountryOverParty
Didn't you help draft it? It's a disaster. Vote no! Don't kill Ohioans!
And the kids! Don't forget the children who depend on Medicaid for access to services!
$2B provided by the bill to address the drug crisis nationwide, OH alone spent $1B fighting the opioid epidemic - not enough!
How about preexisting conditions?
Please keep the ban on lifetime limits.
And reducing Medicaid AND defunding PP. Leaves vulnerable woman little choice except ending in the ER and costing tax payers more!
Please vote "no"! This bill is going to hurt so many.
I know you're focused on addiction, but with Alzheimer's rising, memory care is a major issue. It starts at about $5000.00 per month!
You drafted the bill sir!
Lives and livelihoods are at risk. You can't just talk the talk you have to walk the walk. Do better. Vote no
Come out & tell that to McConnell & maybe he'll let you haggle for scraps
"But I'll still support it" is what you're saying if we read between the lines
Yes. Thank you. And... Pre existing conditions and women's healthcare. No tax breaks.
Continue to support your constituents and serve due diligence. The most vulnerable need you on their side. #VoteNoAHCRA
Do you have any "concerns" about giving a huge tax cut to the rich at the expense of 23 million Americans?
Bravo! But does "have concerns" translate to "make me an offer"?
You're on the committee who wrote this evil! Stop pretending you care about us.
Sounds like you'll sell your vote for some more drug treatment funding. That would be a grave mistake. Please think it over carefully.
This bill is a disgrace. If you vote for it you should resign in shame.
A NO vote would show Ohioans that you act on your concerns and for your constituents
Why only drug treatment?  Are those who have cancer or diabetes or heart disease or other unspeakable diseases not worthy of your "concern"?
Good. We're counting on you.
Your concerns are well founded. I urge you to vote no!!!
Vote no
You need to vote this down or your getting voted out.
Sorry - You weren't one of 13 who crafted this? Did they send you for coffee and then finalize behind your back? Or are you actually a yes?
"Concerned"?! Understatement of the year!! Try #Horrified! #gobsmacked! @senrobportman, you're #Clueless.
So, if the Bill covered drug treatment, you'd be "yes"? So, the nursing care, baby delivery and care for poor are disposable?
Senator: does this bill lower my costs, provide better coverage and protect children, the elderly, the addicted and the poor?
This is the only thing i ever see you talk about. Does this mean you're ok with lifetime caps and no coverage for preexisting conditions?
VOTE NO!  Cutting Medicaid will hurt too many and only "help" the very wealthy. Matthew 25   How will you treat the least of these?
SHAME on you Mr Portman ....you a member of the #Secret13 and then you have face to post something of this nature ........ SHAME ON YOU sir
What about the handicapped? Single moms who have to raise kids alone,work,go to school because dads don't pay? Do not cut medicaid!
You should, the bill is draconian and cruel. Vote no on this bill! Immoral to fund tax cuts on the backs of our most vulnerable residents.
Please take a firm stand and quit with the "concerns" already! It's a terrible bill, will harm millions. #StopAHCA #dotherightthing
If Medicaid goes away or cut I know several elders that will be kicked out of assisted living with no one 2 care This can not happen VOTE NO
This bill will harm Ohioans who are already struggling. Please vote "NO"!
So you are a yes when they give you a Medicaid or drug treat bone? Setting that up? Or do u care about all the other awful provisions?
What about poor people?
It is so sad to lose patients due to loss of insurance. They will show up months later in the ED in bad shape or expired on arrival.
Over 220,000 Ohioans with addiction and mental health disorders have coverage under the ACA. Stand up for them
Please continue to oppose this and vote no. This bill takes away care from the neediest and cuts taxes on the wealthiest.
How about the disabled, nursing home patients & poor elderly
You should be required to have this coverage...... pass a bill you would want for YOUR coverage
Please vote against this awful bill.  There are many things wrong with it.
Vote no!!
$2b in grants for 1 year for all 50 states? Not enough. And what happens in fy19 and beyond?
YOU WERE IN THE F'ing ROOM WHEN IT WAS WRITTEN!!!!!  Stop with the BS and the false concern. #Hypocrite
"Concerns" isn't nearly strong enough. Grow up - this is a trash bill that hurts your constituents. Oppose it!
I have concerns too. That's a good reason to not support this bill.
#StopTrumpcare
How about the impact of #Medicaid cuts on the #disabled?  That should trouble you more. Vote no please.
the opioid epidemic in Ohio will only worsen if addicts can't get treatment !
.@senrobportman, what about maternity care coverage for Ohio women? And the prohibition against lifetime limits? Don't do away with those!
Women make up 50% of the population - maternity care CANNOT and SHOULD NOT be deemed as non-essential, as care than can be waived by states
Hi- he wrote bill, don't get played, he's voting yes, and trying to make us feel good about it.
Then don't put it to a vote.  It's doesn't work.  Why rush it?
Reason enough to vote #NoAHCA. The #HealthcareBill hurts much more than it helps, unless you're a millionaire (what a tax cut for the rich)!
Then don't vote for it
Vote NO on it. It's horrible. #killthebill
You were part of the team that drafted the thing!!!!!
VOTE NO on Heath Care Bill
You have no problem with massive tax breaks for billionaires though. You'll vote for this crap.
Please vote against it. Need to fix ACA not this. Please vote no. We need you. Vote no PLEASE
Are you on our side, we sick in Ohio?  Or for Millionaires to get even more tax cuts at our expense?  I am watching you.
I work at a pain clinic in Dayton. This bill will only exacerbate our already severe opioid crisis. You of all people CANNOT support it.
Please vote no. You know the loss of Medicaid and Obama Care would be devastating to all.
Good. Now what can you/we do about it?
Then vote no. It's terrible for so many Ohioans and Americans, especially those most at risk.
Bit in the end you will roll over and support party, right?  Hope I am wrong
Vote 'no'
Then should we assume you will vote NO?
Please vote no! This draft bill is not the answer our great nation deserves
Please remember Medicaid programs like Ohio Home Care Waiver allows your constituents with disabilities to work and remain independent.
