All justices create law from the bench. It's called case law and is the foundation of our common law system
Wait on it...
You really are proud of that STOLEN seat aren't you, you're my enemy and I will work my fingers to the bone for the democrat that runs 2020.
2018 Faye Fellows. 2018 is also important.
Oh I know but he's not up until 2020!
2022.. he has six years.
yea, 2022, but other elections are also important (Governor, House, Brown whom we must keep in 2018)
Right. We should all look up to him and his plagiarizing ways as a role model and someone who will be 'honest' & 'true' to the Constitution
Ok women are watching. Nuclear option. So sad
I honestly don't know how you are my Senator.
Cut out the promotional tour for the Judge. You are now mixing politics with the bench. Enough!
So you agree the truck driver should have frozen? http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/21/opinions/judge-gorsuch-the-frozen-truck-driver-opinion-callan/ … You ran a campaign on caring about working people. Guess not?
Hey didn't you guys endorse Portman? Or was that the teamsters? Either way Portman needs to be gone.
The Ohio AFL-CIO endorsed Ted Strickland for Senate in 2016.
If we wanted him on the bench do you think you'd have had to steal the seat? Logic would suggest not.
Lock step with the corporations just like you. Last term rob.
Nah, I prefer a Justice who earns Senate votes the way they did for 200+ years and who don't rule it's ok for companies to kill employees.
Stealing and throwing your power around will make you lose in the end.  Enjoy power while you have it.Americans R really sick of your crap
If it's that easy, why do we even need judges then?  Can't we read the laws for ourselves?  (Asking for a friend)
#ThiefJustice
Just once, can't you express an original thought? These hackneyed, mindless talking points tell your constituents nothing.
Stop tweeting this same lie over and over 
And we should ALL want the Browns to win the Super Bowl. But if the Browns showed off a stolen trophy won by cheating, I'd be ashamed
Every journalist should look into McConnell...it's time to find the crimes
If he overturns Roe v Wade that will be legislating from the bench and 70% of Americans will be furious! #ProtectOurRights
You're like the little kid that needs to keep telling himself why stealing the cookie was the right thing to do.
Go sit down. Will never vote for u again. All party, not for country
Sir, when the law is an Ass, it takes a good judge to make things right - see trucker decision.
Seriously, Senator - the seat was stolen and y'all had to rewrite rules to even get the votes. This is nothing to be proud of.
No disrespect intended but Gorsuch looks like Tom Berjerack!

Are you remotely concerned that our government may be compromised? Or are you just happy there's another white haired neo-con w/ power?
Perhaps. Judge Garland was equally qualified and YOU wouldn't even meet with him. And you poo-poo partisan politics. Your legacy.
This is the problem I have with you.  Telling us what we should want and not listening to what we do want.
Just stop.
Don't be obtuse! You know law is subject to interpretation. Your boy G will interpret according to GOP interests. Unyielding w/o compromise.
he's not. He's a hack.  And you are a traitor to the people of Ohio
No thanks, one only has to review his prior work to see his bias favoring corporations. Not to mention now occupying a stolen seat.
Screwing over the little guy at every turn, thanks a lot @senrobportman, Hobby Lobby, Citizens United etc.
A seat stolen by Mitch McConnell and the GOP .Gorsuch dark moneybacking means he will rule for the GOP big business,NRA against the working
Maybe you should get some hearing aids because we said multiple times we don't Want him
Judge Gorsuch will never be respected. He occupies a stolen seat & an illegitimate appointment. You've killed the integrity of the bench.
Even my formerly Republican hubby is repulsed by current Republican actions.
What if we don't all want him? That's ok too.
will we get to see you @ a town hall?  Or r they all private events again. We will remember!
Well we all didn't want him. That was clear.
I look forward to ACTIVELY campaigning against you!!
Bologna!  This man has a political agenda and WILL legislate from the bench!  He has already!
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
....by slave holders.
Sorry, no. Stolen seat, backs corporations.  Bad for Ohio. #NoGorsuch
A judge appointed by a president most ppl didn't vote for and confirmed via a Senate rules change. Yes, just the way to preserve democracy!
How much did your vote cost?  > or < $51,000?  #Devos
Stop please stop 
You will do literally anything to win.
Stop tweeting about Gorsuch. We are all disgusted with what you did.
Does the law "as written" say that corporations are persons?
The law was written in 1787... following the law as written doesn't seem that smart. Shouldn't we interpret the law to how it works today?
Bullshit! If he's so great why did you have to change the rules?
Merrick Garland is the kind of judge we should all want on #SCOTUS: but Rob never gave him a hearing cuz he put party ahead of the people.
#hypocrites!!!
If Mitch McConnel likes it. Playing party politics with the Constitution. You have sold out Ohioans. Shame!
I have little issue with Judge Gorsuch. How you put him there, however...not ok. #dangerousprecedent
Shame on you and the republican party for denigrating our political processes to get your way. You have not served the people well.
"Apply the laws as written" like is decision that was unanimously overturned by SCOTUS?!?
You aren't convincing us. This corporate owned seat stealer and the GOP senators are all heartless, soulless monsters.
Yes, I've always wanted a proven plagiarist on the highest court in the land. Now he can join perjurer AG Sessions as a model of integrity.
You won that seat by cheating. Move on.
Except when he doesn't have the votes, then he'll change the rules to ram through his beliefs instead? Or is that JUST for confirmations?
Lost faith that lawmakers will do what is best for all Americans, not just the wealthy and the corps. Disappointed w/ your support for him.
Just stop. You're exhausting me trying to cram this untrue drivel down our throats.
Will you Cosponsor S27 for Independent Commission & Ind. Prosecutor of Russian investigation? Transparency in law
So was Merrick Garland but youbrefused to even give him a hearing.
Law as written by 18th century privileged, white men. He will do nothing to help America realize Founders' aspirations of equal opps for all
He's on the court. Why do you keep tweeting this? Are you trying to convince yourself you made the right decision? You didn't.
blah blah GOP nonsense talking points blah blah
He also refused to answer any legitimate question in senate like a damn adult.
*Gorsuch. Forever.  It will never be forgotten how he got there, especially when you're up for re-election.
Well, he was just re-elected.  But won't ever be again. Even R's hate him for being ultra phony.
Gorsuch has no integrity or he would ask for a vote on Garland before him. Shame on Portman for supporting the GOP over his constituents.
HA! I'm sure #Gorsuch will change the rules to suit his #DarkMoney overlords just like you did. #StolenSeat #VotePortmanOut
You're still wrong on this. If you were a marginalized person you would see it
Find someone who looks at you like @senrobportman looks at Neil Gorsuch.
And yet once more since you have never acknowledged it. How exactly was Gorsuch qualified but Garland was not? They have same backgrounds
I also remind you that law as written allowed slavery, disallowed women voting, disallowed slaves as full people and had separate schools
just imagine if you and your peers applied the Constitution, too!
You keep saying "legislate from the bench" but I keep asking with no response Senator. What does that mean? All justices rule on the law
I am not confident about Gorsuch. He is far right of center & known to favor corporations. My disappointment in the @SenateGOP is high.
Smart move- gloat over stealing the seat & destroying democracy rather than moving on!
That's fine and all, but can you reinstate the filibuster?  It's there to force bipartisan solutions.  Gorsuch was not bipartisan.
The best predictor of future behavior is past behavior. Corporations will win. If not a white man in a business suit ...SOL
The man is being sworn in today. There's no need to campaign for him-it can only hurt you politically in the future. Do work!
"we should all want", but not the kind we *do* all want. Stop playing the victim, Senator. Not everyone agrees with you. Deal with it.
Thus far he has legislated in favor of corporations and against humans.
The law has a lot of room for his type of perspective to matter. It's possible he's another Kennedy surprise, we'll see. BUT you are NOT
absolutely NOT listening if you think he's for everyone.
And don't tell us what we should want.  Bad intern.
Make Gorsuch Chief Justice #SCOTUS. Demote ObamaCare-lovin' Roberts
Republicans will call Gorsuch "Justice" because he raised no objection to your stealing SCOTUS & treating Garland w dishonor.
They all legislate from the bench, but he'll always legislate FOR big business and against minorities. So why should we ALL be pleased?
