Liars
Comprehensive tax reformWho do you think you're kidding. 
SHAME ON ALL OF YOU. STOP TRUMP AND HIS CRAZY TRAIN.
You also need to be committed to the FULL REPEAL of Obamacare. You have campaigned on this promise for 7 years!
So silly. That was never their plan. Repeal and Replace just gave them cover. But so many gullibly bought the line.
Not gullible.I understand how progressives, on both sides, work.But words do have meaning and people need to be accountable for those words.
Not gullible? Then you fail to understand politicians are not accountable to you. They only take care of themselves. Promises are for votes.
So far, All I've seen is republicans keeping their graft and power. Your idea of tax "reform" sucks! Only real tax reform is S18 FairTax!!
For the rich..
Your tax plan does not provide jobs, bigger paychecks or fair taxes. All it does is hurt middle class & give massive tax cuts to wealthy.
Cutting taxes while running a deficit, is like quitting your second job when you are two payments behind on the mortgage.
Then require corporations that get tax cut to reinvest in America. REQUIRE IT. Last time we did this, money left the US.  No jobs there
Oh sweet Jesus… You're one of these guys
Don't like tax breaks for the rich as companies only pocket money  look at the history of them. No pass down to average Americans
Incentives to Corporations will bring them home, not smaller tax rates.
Jobs in other nations. Higher pay to execs earning 6 figures and up. Richest people & corps get tax breaks, middle class & poor skewered!
Time to get it done... Depreciation for Real Estate Should change as well.. Down
Is this SERIOUSLY what you are tweeting about as Our fellow citizens are DYING in Puerto Rico!!!???
Shame on you!
Nancy, Chuck and Liz are not in the same party as the potus who is refusing to allow aid in to Puerto Rico bcs of his hateful vendetta!
Honey - it took him over a week to even sign off on allowing foreign aid ships in (seeJones act). Talk is cheap!
Oh Honey - I'm not with the government nor the National Guard. Only the government can send in the Troops to help - as they did in Texas.
Bullshit
Don't believe you,  wish I could.  Do your job
Fools! You're bringing down this country. Puppets of the callous billionaires. You're out in the open, only a matter of time...
US has a progressive tax system. The act of lowering tax rates on poor&middle class results in a taxcut for the wealthy. #facts
You don't need to reduce the wealthy's taxes anymore for them to benefit.
By cutting services that mainly benefit the poor&middle class, you shift tax burden to states negating any saving for middle class
The states then shift the burden to county and local gov't  It is all a shell game. We see you. #factsVmyths
A democrat for sure spouting false lies, your only hurting self and family, and country if you can't see the benefit a tax reform would be!
If they're serious about helping middle class&not throwing us a bone they would be increasing the limits of income in brackets.
It is not helping as it is a tax INCREASE; provides NO jobs, NO bigger paychecks, as tax reduction to rich never does that. #FactFreeGOP
Yes, for its rich donors #thanksfornothing
#Kochtapus
Trickle down economics didn't work the last 2 x's. The Rich just get richer. GOP is lying about tax reform just like health care. Liars!
Don't screw this up & please keep talking health care b/4 the complete fall of AHC as it stands & socialism will begin.
I'm a Trump supporter, working class stiff , but I highly doubt this will do anything for the middle class. Trickle down is a joke
Are you?  We are sick of you doing nothing!
So if I am taxed today at the 10% rate, then it goes to 12%. Will I get more in my paycheck? That is what the video says.
Actions speak louder than words
More for rich and middle class disappears. Rewrite the Regan era tax rewrite.
Such bulls...
just like the repeal of obamacare, we won't hold are breath !!!!
You mean, by KEEPING wealthy taxes & cutting taxes for middle class & working class, right? Keep $$ circulating IN the local economy??
Senate republicans did you honestly believe democrats would vote yes on any bill! you failed to put in law that 50 votes not 60 would pass 1
Just saw on tv that democrats are against tax reform. So why didn't you vote to have 50 votes be all that it would take to pass a bill???
Rob, trickle down doesn't work.
Republican rhetoric
You mean bigger paycheck for the wealthy top 1% while the rest of us pay more in the long run #TrumpTaxScam #taxscam
Tax on Carried Interest?
Read Bruce Bartlett's analysis.

Rob Portman, who has a gay son, won't criticize Roy Moore, who wants to make being gay a crime, because taxes http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/27/roy-moore-senate-republicans-no-comment-243220 … 
Details in person, please?
False.
The only thing you are really committed to is bigger paychecks and tax cuts for the RICH& Corporations and to a corrupt administration!
Tax reform for middle class?  I'll go for that, but that's not what you're proposing. Trickle down was proven not to work
Buuuuuulllllllsssssshhhhhhiiiiiittttttt! #StopLying

No. You are committed to tax cuts. No matter the costs, no matter the consequences.
Tax reform is all about the rich
When what's needed is more tax revenue so we can stop this slide into being a 3rd world nation. #Health and #safety for all!
Cancelling mortgage interest, stat/local tax deductions and raising rate from 10-12% does nothing for the 99%. It's time for the99
In theory- cuts for businesses should create jobs. In reality- it doesn't. Your previous rounds of cuts have proven that. New ideas!!!
I'll believe it when I see it. Republicans, especially in the Senate, are all talk and no action. They're all Rino's.
Is this trickle down. Sorry. Americans have been betrayed by that 2 times in the recent past. Doesn't work. Fair tax at the top
We don't believe you
If only that were true.  Who owns your loyalty? Clearly not Ohioans
Praying that the dems will not stop this from happening!!  We must have this to get our economy jump started 20% business and overseas retr
SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!
Bigger pay checks for corporations!   Fairer taxes for the rich!
Democrats no plans, no message, no winning, no leaders thats why they lose over 1000 seats
You even lost that National Review
I am sure you want to correct this
@CNN dad makes $90k Mom makes $90k YET a gov Funded Paycheck pays 1/2  of #SS medicare Tax than 2 #taxpayers that make $180K,Fair? #THEFT
no tax deals should go forward until POTUS releases his tax returns to prove he is not doing this to benefit him and his familly PERIOD
GOP lies
whens the last time you stood at start of day #pledge, senators that are not present for pledge should not vote that day, #ShowUpForPledge
Oh now boys and girls, we've all be through this silly Billy game before. Now go Christmas shopping
Trickle-down economics has never worked and never will work.  And your plan will raise taxes on many in the middle class.
@senrobportman Will you be re-tweeting Roy Moore now?
Why should we enrich ourselves by taking out loans that our children must pay? #TrumpTaxScam is immoral.
I just really want to see the numbers as they would apply to my household but I'm all for tax cuts

Bigger paychecks for whom?
Will there be a full CBO analysis before a vote for legislation this massive. We really clearly can't just take your word for it.
Via trickle down? Does not work. Smart people know it; evil people deny it.
Cutting the rich tax bracket by four percent and raising taxes by two percent on the poor is not fair, it is scandalous. #EthicsAreDead
Who and how is this being paid for? Is our tax cuts like a Trump high rise being built on spec? This ain't the 80's.
This #TaxReform bill is a huge windfall for the already wealthy.  The lowest tax bracket will go up.
You just want to screw normal people so the rich get a tax cut. Don't #RobthePoor, @senrobportman, with this #TrumpTaxScam.
Better make sure you pad the pockets of your big donors because you will need their money come the 2018 vote. That I can promise you!
Support the President Trump agenda or get voted out in 2018! Repeal Obamacare is number one!!
Yeah- bigger paychecks for billionaires. No tax reform that I can see.
You Senate Repubicans have lost all credibility. Get back to work and Repeal and Replace Obama Care.
We don't want you tp cut the #BratTax. Cut #middleclass #middleclasstaxes instead
Any chance you'll learn from healthcare and engage in a bipartisan process with senate debate, hearings, amendments and 60 votes to win?
Nothing in your plan guarantees higher wages.
By adding 1 Trillion to the deficit and raising taxes on the poorest Americans. So much for the fiscal conservatives.
No tax cut ever produced sustainable jobs or any jobs growth . Stop your BS ! All you want is tax cuts to 1% !!!
It'll help middle class families at the expense of helping corporations and the wealthy even more.
AND YOU'RE COMMITTED TO SCREWING 24 MILLION PEOPLE OUT OF HEALTHCARE HOLD A TOWN HALL
Voodoo!
With graphics!  Voodoo with graphics is some of my favorite voodoo.
All lies. There are no details, and obviously there will be no hearings with qualified economists because this entire plan is awful.
#illegalimmigration #daca #h1b #chainmigration    I would suggest you watch https://youtu.be/FlsTdo9E5Fg 

"Tax reform?" Like cuts for the 1% at expense of 99%. Real tax reform: use our tax $ on the US, not more war. Infrastructure is crumbling.
prove it, with evidence based support. the rich need to pay more taxes. we need to fix the jerry rigged disproportionate wealth  in the USA
Yes you are for everything until you have to vote on it! As of today, you don’t have the guts to do any real changes for a America. Cowards
Believe it when I see it!!!
So says the media, I've become a major skeptic when it comes to this GOP. They need to grow a set.
@WarrenDavidson, please remember you represent your constituents, the majority of whom are NOT corporation owners or top income tax bracket
You will have to dance pretty to explain the swindle you are trying to pull. @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @TheDemocrats
Please raise voice of #KurdistanReferandum
You have 52 Rs and no obstructionist Dems needed to pass tax reform. Pass it.
Where can we read proposed tax reform in its entirety?
Prove it
For who? Corporations and CEOs? Trump and his cronies?
Looks like more corporate welfare to me
Here's some REAL TAX REFORM for ya MITCH!
Bullshit, you are all too afraid of liberal media and Democrats. You make me sick.
Since that is absolutely impossible under your proposals, it's obvious your plan is to explode the debt, then use that excuse to rob SocSec.
Now where did I hear that song n dance before? Oh yea Repeal n Replace for 7yrs! Careful GOP could lose Senate?
SCREW THIS BS. Americans in Puerto Rico need more support.  How can you go to worship this weekend knowing you haven't put pressure on this.
Buuuuullllllshiiiiiit 
Now do it!

and most people making under $50,000 don't itemize so how will this help

Putting more money into the pockets of rich people haven't brought more jobs and paychecks. T
Read the tweets we know your bs
you are evil
How about a flat tax. Even more simple than tax brackets and a heck of a lot more fair. @SenTedCruz !
How long are you gonna trickle on the shrinking middle class?
Here's what .@POTUS admin is doing. Why would we trust your sense of fair?
Yeah like you where committed to heath care repeal. You are so full of it !!
Step down sir, you are a failure
Repeal ACA
Bullshit
Done defending GOP.   All failures.
We thought you were committed to repealing obamacare too.
The GOP are full of failures... it is that simple.  Now WE the People must take a stance and vote you out
Trickle down economics doesn't work, it has been proven. Companies are making more profit with less workers, 2 please those stockholders
Nonsense. You're committed to making the rich richer and screwing over everyone else.


#bs #partybeforecountry #screwlowincomepeople #sosad #soulless #heartless #Shameless #greed
Somehow I don't see this benefiting people like me who live in pension and social security
What does it do for retired and disabled?
Committed to your own livelihood.   You're a disgrace.  It will show in 2018.
Luckily they can't pass anything. Hoping it stays the same. You have no idea what losing 10% of your check looks like. #lies #outoftouch
In terms of job creation, can we provide better support to small businesses by enforcing restrictions on #CorporateDominance??
fair for Americans including lifelong republicans who don't live in NY, CA of NJ.  Republicans are raising taxes on republicans.  Shame.
For who? I am on the lower end of the middle and mine are going up 10%. Looks like corporations are the only winners here #disappointed 
COMPREHENSIVE?
Is that the same as Repeal and Replace healthcare.
Like your health care bill, benefits to rich, and pain for the middle class. The blueprint is thinly disguised rich tax giveaways.
And guarantees HUGE tax cuts for The President and Senators and maybe something will come to the middle class but hey, maybe not.
For people that are worth more than $10M in addition to their primary residence & exponentially increase the deficit to cut poverty programs
Do away with medicaid and food stamps! Bring back commodity trucks and county clinics!
maybe try to develop something that benefits all Americans, not just your rich donors.
do you guys even read the responses to your tweets? Nobody seems to like anything you propose.
Love to see all of the above
Is this just like repeal of Obamacare care
We are at below 5% how much lower can you get with a tax cut. You guys are not very smart. It will just add to deficeit.
Hell they can't pass healthcare. What makes them think they'll be able to pass tax reform. I don't believe they will do it.
Beware of MSM, RINOS and Democrat obstructionists. They will howl to high heaven about the injustice of tax reductions for the rich. Sad.
Like with your comprehensive health care of minimal coverage, higher premiums,and millions dropped from coverage. Keep up the good work
Hope you do a better job of it than healthcare.
You forgot to say tax cut for "the rich" like yourselves. You are not fooling the American people.
@realDonaldTrump Real tax reform must cut taxes overall paid by middle class & must require a vote over 67% vote.  No increase by Congress!
If that were true SD would have the biggest economy. There's no corporate tax, no income tax - It's a cesspool  instead. So broke
You guys are a joke! You don't give a scrap about the middle or lower classes! Just putting more money into the pockets of the rich.
I really believe you're not getting Trump's agenda done is because he's not one of you career politicians. You're making it an uphill battle
You people better get committed to something or kiss your privileged jobs goodbye.
The Senate establishment will let nothing go through!  Mitch is 0-3. Write your resignation letter Mitch!  Just in case!
It doesn't appear that you people are any more together on taxes than you were on repeal and replace.  Droll. Beware 2018.
Yeah just like your medical plan was going to be better for everybody.
Reverse Robin Hood.  Take from the poor and give to the rich.
I'll believe it when I read it...their track record so far is ZERO!
Republicans should be committed- to a lunatic asylum
Really? After what you just put us thru? Stop the bullshit and start getting things done. So far you have failed us. #MAGA
U hv no credibility..uve earned that accolade..get ur heads in the game...in short, grow a pair
Show me the money and show me the ability to get ANYTHING passed. What a supreme disappointment senate repubs are
One party one America.... loyalty to Party is NOT Patriotism.
Do something for the American workers... or we WILL be forced to....
Maybe fairer taxes. We'll see. Hopefully simpler taxes. We'll see. But tax cuts have never created jobs.
You've offered ZERO ways to pay for this, and the biggest breaks are for you.
