Can you talk about something difference for once? I feel like we have a few other pressing issues at the moment. Thank you.
So I have the “right” to have 1000 guns & 9999999999999 rounds of ammo but healthcare is a “privilege”   Exactly what does “Pro-life” mean
You voted no on tighter gun controls after Sandy Hook. Do something about guns this time, before we have to remind you a next time. #ohio
Let's be honest, if there was a NTA (National Traffiking Assn) with a big campaign wallet, you wouldn't be advocating for these victims.
https://www.theverge.com/platform/amp/2017/9/14/16308066/sex-trafficking-bill-sesta-google-cda-230 …
"Seeking to chip away at free speech online, Congress wants to pass a fake sex-trafficking bill (SESTA) over a site that already shut down."
You need to resign. Horrible man
Too bad you don't care more about victims of gun violence. But I know why...

Thank you @senrobportman for staying focused on a topic that impacts ALL Americans. We MUST END #humantrafficking #slavery #AllLivesMatter
CPS Gov't sponsored human trafficking.
Here's a better picture, Senator. You really need to get yourself off this list.
Jimmy Kimmel calls out lawmakers by name, says they better pray for forgiveness http://huffp.st/79UfPao  
Apparently, the Ruskies affected the Ohio vote too, Robbie. Of course we hear nothing from Lil' Robbie.
If u & GOP won't stand up to the NRA, you'd think you'd include expanded mental health coverage in all your crap HC bills, but no. Pathetic.

Are you thankful for victims and advocates of gun violence who are speaking out so more innocent people don’t have to suffer???
You’re hiding again, Rob.
It's too bad you're trying to take their healthcare away from them. DO YOUR JOB
Could those people also ask you for healthcare and gun control? Then maybe you'd listen.
When are you meeting with the victims of gun violence and their advocates speaking out so more innocent people don't have to suffer?
You should rethink your Twitter feed.
Rob do you still choose politics over family?
Are you not thankful for the people speaking out against gun violence?
Hopefully they speak to those who care about their rights and future care, since your legislative record shows you do not. #humantrafficking
Tom Petty died of a broken heart because of out of touch rich white guys like Rob Portman. RIP Tom. Your music rocks on!
Wish you would do the same
The 59 who died in Vegas can’t speak out and tell you to stand up to NRA.  But they would if they could.  If your ears weren’t full of NRA 
Speaking of protecting the innocent, any thoughts on CHIP expiring?  Any Rob?
Could you please give this topic a rest? #LasVegasShootings #Complicit #GunControlNow
I am only a constituent & can't legislate gun deaths to zero. But you, you can change this, you can help us. #DoSomething #GunControlNow
If the human trafficking victim was armed and trained in the use of the WEAPON, that individual may not have become a victim but a HERO!
It was wonderful how all those good guys with guns in Vegas ensured the death-injury total was ONLY 59 dead and 500+ hurt...
Today is not the day to preach to us about innocent people suffering if Congress refuses to enact common sense rules. You routinely vote in favor of the NRA’s position rather than the position of Americans who don’t want to die at the hands of strangers with guns.
Kevin ppl die from many THINGS not only a stranger w a gun who desires 2 murder someone. Because it's NOT the object that does the harm.
Ok then, according to your logic anthrax should be readily available just the same as these guns... There is no earthly reason for assault rifles semi-auto and/or full-auto to be available to anyone. Just like anthrax they have one job - to kill as many people as possible.
Again the individual is the culprit for the crime. A pencil can't misspell a word.
Yes and we regulate lots of human activities and restrict them but gun purchases and behavior seems to be off limits for you?
Was it worth it?
Nobody questions this cause. But u show yourself to be a tone-deaf out-of-touch one-note robot when you can't pivot in the wake of a tragefy
*crickets* gun violence victims *crickets* 
some are moral when it comes to elections but not so much when morality meets NRA $$ #guncontrol
#GunControlNow! There are hundreds of people suffering today. And there is no way a "good guy with a gun" would have stopped him. #OH14
Can't be trafficed if we're all dead from gun violence
Maybe the children sick because of losing healthcare won't be trafficked? Is that why Congress failed to renew #CHIP? Seems wrong somehow.
Rob Portman what can we do to help prevent gun massacres in the US?  
Ever since 2011 Congress has murdered over 1900 civilians !
GUN CONTROL.
PUERTO RICO.
N. KOREA.
45*'S TWITTER HABIT.
DACA.
CHIP.
TRANS BAN.
HEALTHCARE.
CLIMATE CHANGE.
DEVOS.
PRUITT.
EMPTY STATE DEPT.
Ohio Congressman Dave Joyce received $3,500 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Looks like @senrobportman got $9,900.
What's that divided by the # of deaths in Las Vegas, #BotPortman?
#howmuchisalifeworth
#GunControlNow
.@RepDaveJoyce Guns are a right and healthcare a privilege?
Innocent people are suffering ...victims & their families of gun violence . Stop the violence. Say anything , Rob
What about innocent victims of gun violence who DIE because u and your party want the NRA money and influence. Hypocrit. Limp. Politician.
Robert is firing chaff again. Sad.
What about the victims in Las Vegas? We need #GunControlNow
For once in your life could you PLEASE use your position of power to address the issues at the forefront of our national conversation?
Go join @ChrisMurphyCT on the Senate floor talking about what congress can do to limit gun violence
Please return the $9,900 you got from the NRA in 2016. Now!
You let CHIP wither and die. What about those innocent people suffering?

Thank you NRA for supporting the election costs for our President Trump! And defending our 2 Amendment RIGHTS to keep & carry guns.
1,070.
You aren't going to vote for gun silencers are you?
Tomorrow I'm going to call all 99 other Senators and ask if they oppose this.    If the majority favor it, u need to talk tough issues
Like u could be speaking out abt healthcare, gun control, PR.
More people killed by gun violence than in all US wars combined. Gun reform now!
Ohioans lifes mean nothing to you.Just who pays you You allowing children to have no healthcare for tax cuts for 1 precent
But you going to help pass a law for gun silencers  so more people will die not hearing the gun fire But as long as you well paid by NRA
Did the irony of this tweet even dawn on you TODAY of all days?
I'm starting 2 b convinced his tweets are scheduled thru Tweetdeck days ahead of time. Events happen and no one checks next tweet.
A Senate bot which would explain the absence of a townhall. Is he even real?
this is important yet do something about these damn ppl running around w guns murdering ppl!
I’m so thankful for the victims of mass shootings who are generously soaking the tree of liberty with their blood.
Just how tone deaf are you to the events today?
Not that this isn't important, but we must have a conversation about gun control that needs to happen right now #LasVegasShooting #LasVegas
WELL THAT'S JUST GREAT SO NOW WHY DON'T YOU TELL THE PEOPLE OF OHIO WHILE YOU'RE NOT HOLDING A TOWN HALL ON HEALTHCARE
