MORALLY BANKRUPT @senrobportman declared himself a yes on a bill that hasn't even been written, just so he can STEAL your healthcare!!!
I'm a Dem and Portman voted no last night. Let's give him some credit.....
So he should get credit for waiting until today to steal healthcare from millions??? Not sure I follow.... 
Health care provides jobs in rural Ohio.   You know this.   And yet you plan to take it away????   Amoral.   Reprehensible
Immoral, even!
Stop blathering on about creating jobs. Tax reform would not create one job-never has. It only serves to widen the gap between rich and poor
Have you looked at the unemployment numbers lately? We're at about 4 1/2%, which is considered "full" employment because of seasonal jobs...
...and those who are transitioning from one job to another. All without tax reform. Sounds to me like you should focus on the wage gap
Prevaricator...
tax reform is GOOD NEWS for YOU.
Put taxes at 70% (pre Reaganomics of 1980+)
Life was good.
Young ones don't know history
If you have time to tweet, you have time to answer your phones and explain to your constituents why you are taking away their healthcare.
ill answer its because Washington has no business running healthcare.
Think FairTax!
Leave my health care alone!!!
Sen Portman w/evidence can U site as 2giving incredible tax cuts 2rich will increase economy & then create jobs? Truly & honestly want 2know
Ah, the age old tax breaks for the wealthy. Every time Republicans are in they try it. When was the last time trickle down worked?  NEVER.
#TaxReform is a joke. It's about enriching the wealthy donors who purchase your vote. Wanna help workers? Increase minimum wage. #progress
2 groups don't like ACA: 1)small businesses who don't want to/can't afford to cover employees. 2) people who don't want to be mandated
Make it more affordable for small businesses but don't cater to the needs of these people who claim they don't want/need insurance
I also recognize your tweet was about taxes and not healthcare. NOT SORRY ABOUT IT
A states rights freedom based system is needed not a big Washington boondoggle
Are you sure it's not about gobs of $$ for the 1%? @OH3Voters
Then take wages to 12 per hr and vote no on Healthcare bill
red herring

I will do everything in my power to defeat you in next election. You are a spineless and should be ashamed of yourself
All you want is more money for you and big business you don't give a damn about Ohio!
I don't see republicans coming to a tax reform. You ran on Repeal Obama care and you stopped that. So how can you have tax reform.
OK, but quit dragging out that tired trickle-down b.s.; the top is doing just fine.  Help the middle class via save and invest incentives.
Tax cuts for the rich and taking away healthcare from citizens? Do you even know what's in the skinny bill? This is no way to govern.
Have u included all the jobs OH will lose if ACA is repealed??
lol what jobs have been lost a lot more
Please explain how the tax reform will create jobs and wages. Please - explain how!
@indivisibledyt @IndivisibleOH8 Tax reform to you is about how much money can you put in your pocket, and your buddies pockets. Shameful!!!
Tax reform is a shot in the arm 4 whom? The top 10% is gonna love it. Nothing is going to be done until the traitor is out of the WH!
Next effort to undercut the poor and feed the rich?
No, #taxreform is about putting even more $ into the pockets of wealthy donors who buy your vote. #Ohioworkers will continue to suffer.
But how? Your statement is empty, please provide details.
As many jobs as the healthcare jobs that will be lost? NOT.
Who would ever listen to backstabber Portman? He cares nothing about helping Trump fulfill promises!
The repeal of job killing obamacare also stimulates jobs & wages across the country.
But first, let's make sure we take away healthcare from people! 

Then tax cuts for the rich. Obviously.
@SenSherrodBrown 
@RepTimRyan 
Steel jobs--no.
car plant jobs--no
jobs w/healthcare--no
think tank jobs--YES!
a LIBERAL think tank.
hahahaha
No skinny repeal Rob. U know better.
Glad that the Border Adjustment Tax appears to be off the table.  We don't need regressive sales/value added taxes in our country.
We don't trust you to vote on bills that are good for ohio
How will you fund infrastructure, this will add to the deficit.  #MakeAmericaCareAgain Care about everyone not just your rich friends.
All your tax cuts do is raise pay for CEOs not avg workers. Since you want to kill our babies, the least you can do is give us a raise!
Workers wages have frozen for years. You are currently working to cut Medicaid & raise premiums for millions to give tax breaks to the rich.
#TaxReform is about more #bonuses & bigger returns for the wealthy who are the ones you want to give tax cuts to in the first place...
I don't want a tax cut.  Use my taxes to fund the ACA instead.
Robert Portman = spineless douche bag
Donald Trump's Tax Plan Is as Bad as the GOP's Health Care Plan | Economic Intelligence | US News
Reason middle-class Americans should hope Trump fails on tax reform - Business Insider
Congressional Budget Office: Trump's budget math overestimated economic growth by $3.4 trillion
Workers' share of US economic activity has been shrinking for a long time
Come to a #townhall and explain how tax cuts lead to new jobs. It's a lie. I have a business. If you give me tax cuts, I'll just bank the $.
President’s Tax Reform Plan Would Actually Increase Taxes For Most Homeowners
Reverse-Trump Tax Policies Lead To Economic Boom in Sweden
How Minnesota's governor performed an economic miracle by raising tax on the rich and increasing minimum wage
Trump budget replicates disastrous Kansas approach. This won’t end well.
Jobs and wages don't matter if people are too sick to work
The 'trickle down theory' is dead wrong http://cnnmon.ie/1LaIuSP  via @CNNMoney
A Wealthy Capitalist on Why Money Doesn't Trickle Down http://bit.ly/2u9C4Bf  via @BillMoyersHQ
Not if you try to implement THOROUGHLY DEBUNKED TRICKLEDOWN POLICIES. 
Learn from Kansas...those policies will TANK economy!
What workers?  They will all be dead due to lack of healthcare
Thankfully, your party can't get its shit together re: the ACA, and it's unlikely you will with tax 'reform'. I'd be embarrassed, Robert.
Tax reform will just pad the pockets of CEOs! There is no TRICKLE DOWN from Tax Reform!
Specifically, what jobs will this create? How many? How soon?
If this is an effort to distract us from your health care vote, I hate to break it to you but I don't think it's gonna work
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Same shit different day.
Wash, rinse, spin, repeat.
You are such a liar. "Tax reform" means money for the rich and NO new jobs. "Health care reform" means injuring our insurance. #GOPGaslight
Nope. No longer believe you. You sold us out.

Confused by "skinny" repeal? Senate Republicans wants you to be, because the impacts will be devastating. Share this helpful explainer. 
TrumpTax reform for the rich would eliminate deduction for head of household & earned income credit hurting low & middle income families
You're trying to change the subject from your cowardly support of #Trumpcare. Nothing can make that bill good. Vote no for Ohio.
Why don't u get the jobs 1st & then change the bill. Who gets the healthcare cut & hope for jobs. Biggest dummies @SenateGOP no brains jerks
Look no further than the state of Kansas where they tried the repub wet dream and now the state is a complete mess
Gotta' get that sweet, sweet KOCH money.  GOP has a MASSIVE KOCH ADDICTION.  Not good for most of us.
What about the tax cuts for super rich people c/o #ahca Rob? Stop acting like you actually care at all about average people. VOTE NO.
Don't pass the buck on the ACA .  Vote no.  Keep Ohioans insured.
Just like health care reform is going to be better for us?!?  No thanks.

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
Vote 'No' on the skinny repeal; it's a bad bill that would raise costs in Ohio.  It's not even worth debate.
#NeverForget
Today while I was busy making sure #Lupus doesn't kill me @senrobportman was ensuring the #GOP does. #BullshitCareRepublicanApproved 
You are the Senator that saved ObamaCare- embarrassment to the state of Ohio
PS - Ryan is going to screw you on healthcare
I agree with this. Ryan is a weak, lizard mouth, who has a brown nose from leaving it somewhere up Trump!
It's never done that before so why will it now? Vote no on the "skinny" repeal.
Workers wages are at a dead stop.  Trump's tax plan is for a huge tax gift to the richest of the rich when they're already at record profits
We can change 401k plans to HSA's, because all most of us are doing is saving up to pay insurance comps, IF we can. THANKS GOP

THE WORLD IS WATCHING! YOU ARE FAILING YOUR CONSTITUENTS, @senrobportman !

@NOFAindivisible , @maddow…
Republican have had the super majority for the best part of 30 years, taxes are not an issue, it's you & the @GOP that are the issue.

Our meeting with @RepRaskin and @InNowOrg ! Thanks to the representative for being a friend to the disability cause! @NCILAdvocacy 

Marching for Disability Rights!

"Strong Deeds, Kind Words"
-- Maryland State Motto

…
Good cuz they'll need the money to cover the medical bills that are gonna pile up.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
6- What could you possibly negotiate @robportman that would be worth making health care much more expensive for everyone? 

Flat Rob Portman is ashamed...: http://youtu.be/T8miSgrrcfo?a  via @YouTube
MORALLY BANKRUPT, MULTIMILLIONAIRE @senrobportman wants to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS of Americans to give TAX CUTS to the RICH!!!

Voters talk to Rob Portman about Healthcare: http://youtu.be/cwogZ0L2isE?a  via @YouTube

A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
