hopefully the tax cuts will make up for our premium increases now that the market is destabilized but I doubt it.
You keep saying this, the auto industry seems to be doing just fine. Not a good excuse for giving rich more of what they already have!
YO'? MY PPL IN OHIO WANNA KNOW WHY I'M NOT FREE?! AND WTF IS MY $$$?! FYI U ON RADAR #LasVegasStrongFever
Taxes are good. They help pay for programs. Corporations and billionaires need to pay.
We have been asking for a real, in-person, unscripted townhall for months.  Come..speak..take questions..listen..help..STOP HIDING FR US.
Stop using the guise of helping everyone to pass a tax plan that helps 1%
Auto industry is fine but only HIRES family... which is bull in Detroit..
#NOTAXREFORM We are DONE with corrupt @gop tax SCAMS! #BeenThereDoneThatDidntWork #DysfunctionalGov We Want #RedistributionForEquality= =
@ProgressiveArmy @USProgressives  Portman perpetuating the GOP tax reform myth.
I don't know anyone my generation who can afford to buy a new car. But sure, tax cuts for the rich will help the auto industry.  
Tax reform means NOTHING if you don’t control spending!!!!
Lol liar. You really want it for your ultra-rich donors. You do realize it will cause $1T innadditional debt, right?
Prices too high to buy American.
Who cares? President Punk Ass has ruined a once proud (not perfect) nation of liberty and justice for all. We are the world's punchline.
And you are #Complicit
please be specific   How will this reform increase jobs?. Do the industries guarantee jobs with money gained from tax reform?
Can you explain, without assuming trickle-down economics, how giving tax breaks to billionaires is going to help?
And it's funny that you say they pay the taxes when the plan is exactly to have them not pay the taxes (or to pay less of them).
Tweeting that tax reform is important seems meaningless without a proposal to vote on.  What is tax reform to you, @senrobportman ?
How about #LivingWage

DAY 13: No sanctions on Russia! @GOP @DNC It's time 2 demand #Trump do his job! #Resist #GeeksResist #BoF #TW 
Lie. Corps distribute money to to CEOs-not jobs. How do u propose making up 4 lost tax revenue? Off the backs of Americans, as usual.
What a disgusting human being. This is wealth redistribution, taking money away from the people that need it the most #TaxcutsForTheRich
I'm not too concerned about jobs. Unemployment is low right now. (Thanks Obama).  Please protect my medicare and social security. #retired
Don't just stand there, let's get it to it, make a plan there's nothing to it VAGUE! #alltalknoaction
Talk to @RepMarciaFudge. More sense in her little finger than your pres. has in his whole fat head.
The auto industry is strong & will continue to build no matter how much you put in Execs. pockets 
How much do the rich need?
Rob, man up and impeach Trump.
Yeah! Let's do another round of GOP trickle-down tax cuts! Those worked so good the last time the auto industry... oh. Right.
Study the Kansas experiment before you impose this on us @senrobportman
I dare you to utter one word about health care!
Yeh screw us working stiffs.
You liar...tax relief is about cutting taxes on the people who own you. Nothing more, nothing less. #SharpenTheGuillotine
How about doing something about the ACA sabotage or the Dreamers or Puerto Rico or gun control or our unstable president.
You must work toward implementing the #25thAmendment .  Otherwise, you are complicit in everything he does.
Any thoughts about your president destroying health care for your constituents? Senator?
Don't you mean for the owners to get their big tax break and make them strong and flush with cash.
Tired of writing this
#taxreform is a sham giveaway to the Koch Brothers network. You keep peddling it. It’s a con game and will send us straight to depression.
Will #TaxReform stop the 52% premium increase I'm facing as a result of the GOP sabotaging the ACA?
Rob in case you haven’t seen Honda is doing OK right now in my area   So stop the BS about tax reform
GOP Bate & Switch.... The money only stays with the 1% and goes to the stock market,Not to jobs, Rob Knows this, Everybody else gets screwed
Enough with the #TrumpTaxScam! This is all you care about - tax cuts for the rich.
Worry about this: Healthcare is being decimated. DJT is sabotaging only because of his hate for Pres Obama. GOP owns this now...
Cutting taxes for the wealthy is not going to help our auto industry.
Why aren't you addressing the damage this will do to Medicare & Medicaid? Giving more tax breaks to wealthy does not increase jobs!!!
Our country is crumbling under the weight of an insane man who thinks he's playing a President on TV. And this is what concerns you?!
#ImpeachTrump! Ohioan's are watching & ur complicity is disgusting! DO YOUR JOB!
Do you support Trumpcare's undermining of the health insurance markets?
Repealing the Estate Tax won't help folks working in the factories.

As of October 13 (23 days after Maria landfall):

• 91% of Puerto Rican customers are without electricity, up from 83% yesterday, per FEMA 

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
Tax cuts for Goldman Sachs!  Yep while you kill the Middle Class...
You want this for yourself and other super rich.   All the rest of us have income ranges that need a funded federal govt.  Where the policy?
Why didn't you fix ACA? Congress could have fixed it Rob. All those tweets on drug opioids addicts and helping them. Shameless and Spineless
How about taking a stand against trump. This rhetoric is unacceptable. He is unacceptable. Democrats will stand behind you if you stand up
The average middle class Ohioan who itemizes takes $10,444 in state and local tax deductions. Why do you want to steal that from them?
No trust in GOP! The party for the rich and special interest
Go ahead.  Why not.  The Republicans are tearing our country apart so why stop now.  Blow it all up.  That's what you want to do. You Suck.
You must work with the dems
This bill does nothing. It's not necessary.
I hope by now u know middle class buying power is the only sure way 2 drive the economy. Protect us 1st & the rest will take care of itself.
What about Obamacare and the wall?
How in the wide wide world of fuck does eliminating the estate tax attract jobs to Ohio.
Do you read the paper or watch the news? @potus is moving to throw our medical insurance into chaos. Stop your caviar tour and #saveACA
Really why bother. Our country is being destroyed by your party and the p....y grabber.
I bet your rich friends loved talking "tax reform", but the workers know that it won't lead to more jobs or higher salaries. #moron
Stop calling it reform if all you're doing is looking for ways to help businesses pay less than thieir fair Share.
No one is buying what you are selling .
I wish that were true.
Prob right 
Did you set your twitter on "auto-tax cut for the rich"? Where do you stand on @Potus destabilizing the world and endangering our country?
yes Rob but we might also loss the auto industry if NAFTA in not handled with care first no?
Nothing else to comment on at the moment? https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/amp/world-leaders-react-trump-s-move-iran-nuclear-deal-n810456 …
I’m praying it’s DOA
As long as you're male, in good health, with no preexisting conditions and of means, - life is good, isn't it?
True that.
Your kind of tax reform will be great for auto-industry execs! But the auto workers won’t make out so we’ll.
