Congressional Budget Office: Trump's budget math overestimated economic growth by $3.4 trillion
CBO s a joke should be abolished. they're never right.
Keep drinking that kool-aid. ANYTHING that you don't like you simply choose not to believe.
Why Trump says things like "the failing New York Times" and "Fake News" over and over and over and over again

Let me guess: you want to turn the whole country into Kansas. Tax cuts DON'T PRODUCE GROWTH. Trickle down is a lie.
The 'trickle down theory' is dead wrong http://cnnmon.ie/1LaIuSP  via @CNNMoney
stealing from   rich people is wrong too. Theft  from the rich will. make them leave or hide money
Tax reform will benefit the wealthy at the expense of the 98%.
More empty platitudes. No one's buying it anymore. #primaried
taxes should be same percentage no matter the income or wealth. Nobody should pay more than 20%.
Awesome. Please also work with them to fix ACA and vote no on skinny repeal.
How will you vote tonight? Tell us now!
First. I won't forget. I will start a petition to start protesting u out for the 5 yrs , if I have to. Unbelievable
Let's try pushing Trump into showing us his past three years of Federal Income Taxes before talking about reducing taxes for the wealthy.
We understand what a hard on you and @SpeakerRyan have to give rich people tax breaks.
You mean tax cuts for your rich donors. Normal, working-class Ohioans will be left out by this. We always are.
Work with your colleagues to keep health care
No tax breaks for the rich. None.
Haven't we been down the s road before senator?? And look where it got us.
Just not health care? That cost family ten times the amount tax cuts will achieve
GOP very weak, can't get anything done. You and colleagues are a joke. Will only support President recommendation in 2018
After the bangup job you & GOP goons have done with healthcare, I can't wait until you repeal all taxes on people make >1Mil & tax us at 50%
"A shot in the arm." Like heroin?
You're lying to us again. You're not committed- but you truly should be "committed". You seem to be a pathological liar/politician.Same same
Listen to us, pass the skinny bill
Didn't know your colleagues were Democrates.
How about listening to your constituents and saving the ACA? #SaveOurCare
There is NO saving the obozocare!! People asking for you to vote NO are on welfare! !  Work people need the yes to repeal and replace!!
President’s Tax Reform Plan Would Actually Increase Taxes For Most Homeowners
No
Just as you did on HC. Sit with your democratic buddies, they have great ideas on how to take more $ from the productive .
Call @senrobportman 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first & last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns #Trumpcare
Leave my health care alone!!!!
Vote NO on the skinny repeal!
The only way you commit to anything is if your lobbyists pay you to.We no longer believe your lies ,you were committed to repealing ACA...
Affordable healthcare wiil bwnefit ALL Americans, not tax cuts for rich. My Reagan tax rebate bought a pizza. Still waiting for trickle down
You had the chance to vote YES and blew that!! What's your great idea for OUR hopes now government cheese!!
Hence your tax cuts paid for by people health care and lives.  How's Kansas doing these days?
And what you mean is tax relief for your rich friends. Right?
#TrumpCareKills
I hope it's not trump's tax plan. It's like a shot of typhoid.
Dude, if you wanna help w/ Ohio #jobs, then DON'T REPEAL THE ACA, FIX IT.
Passing any of your many versions of "healthcare" will COST JOBS.
Sen Portman w/evidence can U site as 2giving incredible tax cuts 2rich will increase economy & then create jobs? Truly & honestly want 2know
How can anyone ever trust you again...  You had ONE job to start - Repeal ACA, which hurts more Americans than it helps - u let us down.
You better get Ryan's word in writing he won't take the bill to the full House.
When did you get committed to working for your constituents?
don't give tax breaks to the wealthy or corporations
Repealing obamacare will do the same thing. Come on Senator, you're looking for a taxpayer bailout of Medicaid for Ohio.
As a resident of Ohio, let's review your priorities- kick poor people off of Medicaid, then cut taxes for wealthy people. Pass.
I hope the economy can afford to pay full price for those shots once its healthcare is taken away...
Newsflash @senrobportman #TrickleDownEconomics does NOT work,never has worked,never will work. @GOP's one trick pony is proven failure.
U think Trump can threaten you well so can the people of Ohio vote no on the health-care bill
red herring
healthcare will get people healthy; healthy people will be hired . . . it is that simple but you just want #trumpcare and #weathcare
Help with college educations.Make America smart again sothey vote for President that isn't fake & immoral.That might give economy shot arm.
You better stick with the Republicans who DON'T WANT THE SKINNY BILL TO PASS! #VoteNo!!
I have zero respect for you after you voted for "skinny repeal". Blood will be on your hands. People WILL die w/o insurance.
"Trickle Down " doesn't work #KANSAS
The economy has been okay. Make Trump & his cronies pay all their taxes so you can lower ours..that will give our economy a shot in the arm.
I hope better than ACA/Obamacare REPEAL!! just to be safe start putting out your resume and filling out some applications!
Save ACA and don't turn 'tax reform' into tax cuts for the wealthy while the country falls to ruin.
A great country requires investment from its people, else we'll end up like, oh, say Kansas.  We don't want an entire country of Kansas.
FixACA, do not sabotage and destroy, improve and save $
If you want to talk tax reform let's talk flat tax.......how is that not the fairest for everybody?   Novel concept everybody pays the same
Traitor to Ohio
The travesty of income inequalities must be addressed. It is destroying the American dream. No tax cuts to wealthy!
UM thinking you might want to work on healthcare - since you can't seem to make that work - how can you look at tax reform now?
I voted for you twice. You know what would be nice? Seeing Obamacare repealed & replaced ASAP. Can we get that done...please?
If you pass Trumpcare you'll get voted out.
Quit trying to bury your unpopular healthcare tweets
#StandWithRand @RandPaul
You & your colleagues are just spitting out nonsense now.
@The_Blue_Cross, @AARP, 7,000 nuns hate everything you're doing around healthcare. #GOPcarekills #TrumpcareKills #ProtectOurCare
GOP tax reform? So tax cuts for the 1%, regressive taxes for the rest of us.
In other words, teaming up with the Democrats....which seems to be your gig.
You are horrible. You sold us out on healthcare. Could truly give a shit about opioid addicts. Hide behind issues then vote to screw us all.
Shame shame shame on your healthcare vote!  #noSpine #tragic for people who will lose their healthcare coverage, but you don't care!
Coward
Trickle down economics don't work.
More like a shot in the heart, 16 mil lose health insurance & 20% premium hike #RESIGN
Ohioans do not support your decision to vote in favor of the 'skinny' repeal.  Vote NO Senator.
This Ohioan supports it! #DefundPP
To defund PP you'd sacrifice over 100,000 Ohioans insurance and see your premiums go up 20% every year? That's insane...
Good. I'm not paying for it.
Placing your own desires above those of the less-fortunate.  How very Christian of you.
Nice false dichotomy. Read a logic book.
Should I have went with calling it standard GOP mentality: "If it doesn't affect me I don't care who it hurts" ?
Tax reform my ass, more like a huge break for Trump's rich wealthy friends
Baby Killer 
Baby Killer 
Baby Killer 
Baby Killer 
Baby Killer
Do you truly mean tax reform, or just tax cuts for businesses that you want us to pay for? People aren't behind you giving more $ to donors!
You are well aware of the fact that rural hospitals will close what about those jobs genius
Make America Kansas Again!
You like your colleagues will give breaks to the rich and send scraps to the poor.  Same uncaring as healthcare. #nicetoberich #badtobepoor
Your colleagues? Another Republican hit job on the American people?
So this means you will vote to take healthcare away from millions of Americans then?
Lie! Raise taxes on the rich and spend money on infrastructure. That helps the economy. Tax cuts just help you get sweet sweet donor dollars
Go home. Stop hurting Ohioans. We deserve better.
R you really? Who can believe u? NO ONE!!  U f*d Ohioans and Repubs on healthcare issue. OH #VoteOut next election. #WolfInSheepsClothing
Replace income tax with land value tax.
What, exactly, have you been doing for 6 yrs? Giving away hard working, responsible taxpayers' $$ to irresponsible drug addicts!
The proposed repeal of Obamacare cost Ohio 50,000 jobs Rob
Please list some of your tax reform ideas, specifically ones that are designed to help families, not owners of manufacturing businesses.
Under the GOP health care bill, this might the be only way to get a shot.
It sure helped Kansas out huh rob?
Stop talking, start listening.
You mean it will give your rich buddies a bunch of money in their bank account.  Tax Reform wont do a damn thing for me.
just like you promised to do with Obama care
how about listening to the people of Ohio for a change?  Instead of tweeting have a town hall...talk to people!  Get off the Trump train!
Just remember most will support paying their fair shares as long as most pay their fair shares. Corporations included.
Just like you worked with your colleagues to get to a responsible health care bill.
Let's all observe Kansas and how GOP tax policy was unsuccessful. That's what he espouses.
I support a #spendingstrike until #GOP start putting USA & Americans before party #ImpeachTrumpNow #NOSkinnyRepeal
Great, terrific! More trickle down BS amirite?
Why don't you commit to protecting our health care instead of trying to work something out over lunch?
Give ONE example of that EVER working? EVER?
Repeal healthcare first,free market solutions, less people on Medicare Medicaid, keep preexisting conditions, tort reform, need more doctors
Donald Trump's Tax Plan Is as Bad as the GOP's Health Care Plan | Economic Intelligence | US News
Reason middle-class Americans should hope Trump fails on tax reform - Business Insider
You're trying to distract from your shameful support of #Trumpcare. Nobody supports it. Vote No.
Reverse-Trump Tax Policies Lead To Economic Boom in Sweden
How Minnesota's governor performed an economic miracle by raising tax on the rich and increasing minimum wage
Compare that to the disaster that is Kansas.
That shot in the arm will be at the expense of working Ohio men and women. But then you are voting to kill millions. Sad excuse for a man.
Rob Portman wants to turn Ohio into Kansas. Full on trickle down that broke their economy with the weight of the idle rich. Not in Ohio!
Please tell me this isn't another trickle down plan.
Trump budget replicates disastrous Kansas approach. This won’t end well.
Liar, you know that this doesn't work. Unless it's an actual middle-class tax break, 1% will just put it offshore. Stop corporate welfare.
Don't try to act normal. How is voting to take insurance from 560K Ohioans and raising premiums a good idea? Please say you'll vote no.
Trickle-down economics is the greatest broken promise of our lifetime | Alex Andreou
A Wealthy Capitalist on Why Money Doesn't Trickle Down http://bit.ly/2u9C4Bf  via @BillMoyersHQ
The pivot won't work. You suck and you can't diss 16million people and think we give a darn what else you have to say.
Stop acting like you didn't just vote to end healthcare for millions of people. Shame on you.
What?
I really hope you vote no on ACA repeal, senator.
Shot in the arm is an awkward pun for you at this moment. Today you are pushing lots of Ohioans off a cliff with your healthcare vote.
When you say "colleagues" it is clear you only mean McConnell and whoever he tells you to agree with. Ohio deserves better than you.
Senator, are you going to vote yes on a bill that you have not even read?
Our reps don't read bills, their buyers tell them how to vote.
You're real agenda. Cut taxes for the already rich.
You're a fraud Portman. You don't even know what a Republican is. You don't deserve my vote.
You know what will hurt the Ohio economy? A loss in medical jobs due to fewer people having health insurance.
G-reed
O-ver
P-eople
Why not work to an ORDERLY fix of healthcare.  This is ridiculous.
16 million Americans lose health care coverage with Skinny Repeal. Is this a good for Ohio?

Flat Rob Portman is ashamed...: http://youtu.be/T8miSgrrcfo?a  via @YouTube

Voters talk to Rob Portman about Healthcare: http://youtu.be/cwogZ0L2isE?a  via @YouTube

IMHO, the best chance to protect our care is to call senators who voted against repeal only yesterday. To help your followers who may call: 
