Same song for 35 years.  How's it working so far?
You're getting tarnished, Rob, all the crap flying around you--are you there? Where are you--we don't hear you hear us.
Do you agree with Corker that 45 needs to be constrained by his top advisors from engaging in contact that threatens this country & world?
Question is do you have anything left in your soul to save? Or will it all be gone in the name of getting tax cuts? Have you no mercy?

Show us the details

Bullshit Rob. Bullshit.
Cutting the estate tax & making the 10% bracket pay 12% won't create #jobs your lies won't cut it this time!
This “tax reform” sounds like a real boon for our millionaires. Not buying it
Yes the richer will get richer!
Rob support the middle class tax cuts we are tired of being serfs to your Lord of the Manor
Sorry, I can't believe this claim. The only things that I have observed cause an increase in wages, was a Union!
Aren't you a U.S. senator in the Congress? Don't you mean... "I need to get this done"? Why do you politicians always talk in the third party? Hello, you and your party are actually the people in charge. You do know that? No? #GOP
Why are there health care bills attached to tax reform?
No. Tax cuts for your wealthy donors will not help the middle class. No more smoke & mirrors.  Help the people!
Can you please show proof that simplifying tax codes creates jobs?
STOP TAKING MONEY FROM THE NRA!
Goldman Sachs: Tax cuts would only boost growth 0.2 points. GOP has no answers at all. No answers for healthcare or Tax reform. #failure
Congress needs to make sure that the benefit goes to real people, not just billionaires and corporations.
Your tax plan is a gift to the wealthy at our expense
Gun reform now please
What the hell do you actually do?!?!?!?! Never see anything except pandering & taking from poor to give to rich. #PhotoOpRob
Reform *would* do that. This is not reform, just proposed tax cuts for the rich and big business! #TrumpTaxScam

Not sure which jobs you think will be created giving more 2 top; more service industry jobs? Minimum wage jobs meeting needs of 1% perhaps?
TRICKLE DOWN DOESN'T WORK
How is raising taxes on the middle class going to create jobs?
haveyoueverreadasinglemacroeconomicsbook?
Dream on..."simplifying" is a code word for giving a tax cut to the wealthy.There is no evidence that tax cuts will lead to more jobs. 43221
BS. The wealthy are already prospering. Do something for the little guy for a change
Deficit Rob.
That's a whole lot of rich white dudes that ditched Econ 101 to go play lacrosse.  Tax cuts for the rich = richer rich people. #moron
Are you slipping an envelope full of cash into your pocket as you go in to spout your lies about tax cuts creating jobs?
So when will you get it done?
This is a big lie and you know it. Tax breaks for the wealthy and for corporations. Everyone else =screwed.
Rarely has anything being "reformed" benefited me.
Robs pic for the EPA so next time he tells you he is protecting our water. Please remind him.
Scott Pruitt announces the EPA's plans to withdraw the Clean Power Plan, which regulates greenhouse gas emissions http://cnn.it/2ydjzxL  
Yada, yada, yada, talk, talk, talk, blather, bluster, pound chest!! How about STFU and do it! Enough damn talking, help .@POTUS or resign!
Please explain HOW this will create more jobs and increase wages.
Do you really not understand the new tax code or are you just lying? Concerned in 44236--Let's have a town hall!
@senrobportman trickle down does not work. Corporations should be accountable for creating jobs and not just given tax breaks w/o strings.
https://youtu.be/QV4TCUAcPes 

Meet the new boss, same as the old boss. Reagan and Bush II tried it.  It's all voodoo economics, and fails.
The goals sound good but it looks like it will balloon the deficit and raise taxes on many in the middle class and cut the wealthy.  Again.
Trickle down is a PROVEN FAILURE - even its creator under Reagan says it DOESN'T WORK! Focus ur energy 2 cool down ur nuclear W. H. nimrod!
Your party gave Trump a platform on which to run. He's trying to start a war. MUZZLE HIM. He could not have run w/o ur party's endorsement
You don't believe this. #Republican idea of reform is all for the rich, & YOU KNOW IT. We're all sinners, but could you pick a lesser sin?
Not with the White House bill, it won’t!
GOP tax reform only helps the mega rich consolidate and horde wealth, while the middle and working classes pay more to cover the slack.
Sen Corker believes POTUS is irresponsible enough to start WWIII. POTUS represents the core of #Republican Party. Time to speak out. #ohio
Senator, most research refutes this statement. We need the truth, not more spin.
In 2014 you were against raising minimum wage. How is that helping?
We have a spending problem, one that you consistently make worse #TeaParty #Liberty #Prosperity
Tax reform should not be a tax shift. Middle-class pays enough of the burden now. The top doesn't need this to buy bread,
but middle-class does, we all need to carry part of the load not just lower 80%.
tell the Administration to stop the air travel that waste taxpayers money. Worse in history.
Please explain how? Trickle down doesn’t work, remember? We’ve seen it not work before.
can you stop the nonsense about increased wages.....
Oh, Rob, you did a video without The Donald? You're going to pay...The Moron doesn't like to be upstaged.
How does eliminating the tax applicable only on estates greater than $5M create jobs?
Um. Nope.
#no stop the #BS
Simplifying tax code will only make it easier for the wealthy to evade taxes, which you are also lowering #ClassWarfare #TaxcutsForTheRich
Vote no
For the rich. You’re not kidding anyone.
No, it won't, it'll put more money into CEO's hands, and push a greater tax burden onto the middle class & cut essential welfare programs.
Tax Fairness - YES
Tax Simplification - YES
Tax cuts for the top 1% - HELL NO
"Dynamic Scoring" to "balance" the budget - HELL F***ING NO
Tax reform should NOT cut Medicaid and Medicare! Our country's most vulnerable constituents depend on it! #savemedicaid
No
Do you support your colleague @SenBobCorker?
You're still spewing this lie when it's been debunked repeatedly. Lowering taxes on the wealthy and corporations has never lead to more...
...jobs or higher pay. Read a history book for once. All you will accomplish with this is putting more money in the hands of those who...
...fund your campaigns, widening the wealth gap even more. Supply and demand fuels our economy. Want to create jobs? Create demand for...
...the product/service. Employers only add employees when it is necessary to keep up with demand, and wages only go up when employers...
...have to increase them to keep the employees with the skills/knowledge/ability to do the job from leaving for another job. If you ever...
...took an economics class you would know this. But instead you repeat the lie that your wealthy donors tell you to.
Do you agree with @SenBobCorker ? Why/why not?
@realdonaldtrump
Voodoo!  In the post-truth Trumpian world, “simplify and reform the tax code” means “cut taxes for Charles and David Koch”.
How about doing town halls so we can communicate with one another. I am not getting any email replies, your phone is busy.
Ignorance is a correctable condition but stupid is forever.
You're fooling no one. It benefits the rich. Get off the dole yourself and stand up for the middle class.
How can you be for jobs and workers and want to take their healthcare away?  Doesn't make any sense.
Saying this doesn't make it true. Any evidence?  Plenty says not true tax cuts = jobs & higher wages.
I am so disappointed in you @senrobportman you know this will be bad for Ohio. We will lose out
Then why do you refuse to raise the minimum wage, while instead endorsing this cash grab by the super rich?
Exactly HOW will new jobs and wages increase?  Just saying something doesn't make it true or happen!
You're a broken record, and no matter how many times you repeat it, we're not buying it.
@BamaStephen it will sell.
Maybe we could afford tax cuts if VP didn't waste $250k for publicity stunt & swampy cabinet didn't waste millions on private planes!
Sadly, the GOP plan is only intended to benefit the rich folks who bought their allegiance. Most of us aren’t rich enough to count.
But under the current "plan" the tax code will be thicker!!! SAD!!!
Yes, but not at the expense of the average worker or average retiree on S.S. And Medicare.
The donors demand it!
Congress needs to make sure middle class pays less income taxes and leave rich where they are.
Ok Mr empty suit.
Trump needs to release his tax returns. What's he hiding??
Who paid for that video to be made? Who paid for that snazzy little "tax reform" logo?
It sure *could*... get it done! and get it done right!!
No tax break for the top 10%
I hope folks come out in droves and VOTE these for SELF people out. You're one of them.
We already know ur owned by the NRA! How much do the Kochs pay you to disseminate thus drivel??
1 So wrong here are the economic fundamentals so basic to every decision
2 your plan does ZERO to National economic growth and ZERO new jobs here is how the last R tax cuts worked out. Please read a book
We don't need your tax scam.
Trickle down economics has been used before and proven NOT to work… Why then would it miraculously work now??
You can keep calling it tax reform but it's still just tax cuts for corps & wealthy - proven to  national debt. Poor fiscal responsibility
Rob, Rob, Rob.  At what cost?  Have we cut military spending?
You arrogant liar. You're already bought & paid for by corp interests & the 1%. You keep lying as if someday you won't be held accountable.
TRICKLE DOWN ECOMONICS DOES NOT WORK, HAS NEVER WORKED AND WILL NEVER WORK!
Trickle down economics never reaches middle or lower class. Stop lying. Your tax plan fills the pockets of the rich and corporations only!
#TaxScam
Liar liar, pants on fire. Why do Republikkklans cntinue 2 lie abt tax reform. We see it 4 what it is. Tax 4 the rich.
#VoteBlue #Resist
Giving the wealthy a massive tax break will do nothing but harm the people you pretend to help. It's disgraceful. DO YOUR JOB
When tons of Millionaires come out and say, "Don't cut my taxes!", you know you're doing something wrong. Listen to #Ohio not your wallet!!!
we've heard that before with bush and all it did was collapse the economy. Cuts for middle class only
No it won’t. History has shown this time and time again.
The average state and local tax deduction among Ohioans is $10,444. Middle class Ohioans are going to take a huge hit to give to the Koches.
Interesting choice of videos to promote tax code simplification or reform.  Nothing to do with tax code.  Looks more like a campaign video
Exactly how is simplifying the tax code going to create jobs and increase wages?  Maybe if you'd explain it at open town halls.
No.
#payattention
#outoftouch
#partoftheproblem
#BotPortmanforRetirement
Keep saying it, Rob. Doesn't make it true.
You’re bought and paid for, Portman. #liar #taxfraud #ReverseRobinHood
Lying again. I’m going to call you out every time for misrepresenting what this plan is, a massive tax cut for the rich to whom you owe big.
I disagree. This is a huge tax cut for the rich and that will hurt working families and the middle class. You will gain from this. Will you give that money back? I think not. VOTE NO!
We don't appreciate paying for Pence' s publicity stunt
Tax breaks for Billionaires do not help the American people when you are cutting their healthcare and safety net.
We've been promised this for decades. Not buying it this time.
It absolutely will, if you work for the people and not the party
Look at you’d tax cutting scheme in Kansas in action, bankrupt state because of trickle down economics. It’s doesn’t work. Not happening!
Tax breaks for the wealthy don't create jobs. Poor and middle class Consumers with higher wages create jobs. No consumers, no growth.
Simplifying the tax code doesn't create more jobs.  If you want  a tax cut for rich people, just say so.  #GetReal  #TaxReform
The Republicans will just jam it down our throats anyway, so stop trying to sell a tax break for the rich.
How much is Satan paying you?
then what's the deal with giving millionaire's a tax cut?
How will simplifying the tax code do anything? This is a false narrative, your proposal reduces taxes for the 1% and corporations
Please don’t put the cost on our grandchildren
Constantly reducing taxes on corps hasn't helped either....
The GOP's tax breaks for the 1% don't help the other 99%
What Congress needs to get done is #HealthCareReform FIX #ACA & stabilize insurance market people 
If I tweet it often enough, someone will believe it...
Increasing the lowest tax bracket to 12% and eliminating the estate tax just doesn't make sense.
Tax cuts don't work so well in the out years....
Will my pension (housing allowance) from the ministry become taxable as the tax code is "simplified".  I rather like "complexity". 43221
Trickle down never trickles Corp don't pay more or hire more they just make more money wrong tax reform for middle-class
Hey...KNOW WHAT?? We learned DECADES AGO...that trickle down economics DOES NOT work...PERIOD!!!
Why do we all know this and he doesnt?
I don't trust congress to act in my best interest as a retired pastor.  Will you cut my social security?  Will you cut my medicare? 43221
This is untrue.
EIC rife with fraud. Low Income Housing Credit killing established stable neighborhoods. Carried interest ordinary income to mgrs. Fix those
It will put hugly screws in the middle class and break them!!! Reject the money for the rich
Please support Feinstein’s S.1916 Bill! Please be on the forefront of making change.
It hasn’t work before it won’t work now you know this but don’t care because your corrupt
Prove it. Show me a chart, show me something, because I don’t believe you.
And, like you said, #RoyMoore will support your tax cuts.  So, you'll come out & support some of his ideas.
Can someone explain how that happens? I hope it makes it easier to do my taxes, but how will it create more jobs and increase wages
Unless you happen to work for a tax prep firm!  (Is our Senator still calling this a middle class tax cut?)
Details Please. This is just headlining.
Oh my God.  That is not what you are doing at all.  This lying thing has really become a habit with you.  It really needs to stop.
Quit spamming us with lies. This mainly helps the super rich and adds trillions in debt.
Lies
Give it up Rob. No one is falling for these lies this time.
Our vp spent an incredible amount of $ today to further divide the country. Please don’t be thinking I want a tax cut for the top 3%.
40 Years of trickle down broke our economy and brought about the destitution of millions. This is for your donors and no one else, you crook
Really?
Nope. Boondoggle for the 1%.  We are not stupid.
Let’s simplify like a simple moron..rich get richer..poor hard working Americans get screwed!
How does cutting billions in Medicare funds help with simplifying the tax code? Why would my tax rate go up while millionaires profit?
I know you don’t care but this Ohioan 43081 is pro-regulation & ok with paying taxes spent on making this country healthy and successful.
Why are you cutting Medicaid to pay for it?
Stop paying for VP to go watch the colts?
Stop paying for VP to stage a *publicity stunt* while *pretending* to watch the Colts
Better stated than my tweet
You (DC) could spend our tax $ more wisely i.e. not sending @VP to Indy to protest the protesters.  
We gonna get our $ back from this #grifter or nah?
If Price owes us $51,887.31, how big a check should Trump be writing? https://usat.ly/2yLEyVq 
Does #TaxReform = making the 1% richer?
Rinse, repeat! How many times are you going to recycle this? Can't you come up with anything original?
Math please.
You can tweet and use Air Force Two for petty purposes. Thanks for the stewardship of our tax dollars. #HeartbeatAway
Corporate tax cuts puts money in their pockets. They don’t pass the savings down to the workers
Hahaha ! That is such bullshit ... we are already  historically low unemployment rates ... so why aren’t wages rising ?
I have not heard anything of any substance to support this. Rob please be honest with us.
The Koch's must be breathing down your neck, Robert, looking for results.
Your plan also decimates health care programs. Don’t think that the avg person isn’t bright enough to figure it out. Trickle down garbage.
Repeal Obamacare. That will give a lot of workers raises by reducing cost if ins. I took a $132 pay cut thanks repubs not keeping promise.
You never tire of lying to the people of Ohio on behalf of the GOP.

Deplorable. What happened to integrity/representing will of the people?  If GOP think they stand a chance in next election they're mistaken.
Can you just once tweet a non-partisan study that ties GOP tax reform to more jobs and increases wages?  History doesn’t support this.
$3,061,941 from the NRA
that's our senator
PASS! Next!
