...unless you're in a wheelchair?
Don't repeal ACA. Hold a public town hall. It's that easy.
Vote NO on repealing the ACA
Our health coverage should be as good as any politician. Period.
Your Columbus phones goes straight 2 vm & no one answers in DC. U don't answer emails.I haven't yet tried smoke signals.
I have a friend who scheduled a mtg at ur cbus office and personally observed your staff letting the phone ring off the hook.
You can help by voting down Trumpcare.
Same activist followers keep saying the same thing over and over again. They do not speak for most Ohioans! #REPEALObamacare #NoMandates
Well, three people agree with you...
Hard to weed past all the activist trolls to get to the real people
Meeting us would be helpful.  Not gutting health care would be helpful.  Clean water and air helpful.
Our greatest resource is our people. We need to invest in them. Protect them. Please start by voting NO on repealing and replacing the ACA.
Make yourself reachable! Hold a townhall & hear from your constituents!! We need you on our side!! #preexistingconditions #healthcarematters
Please!!!!
He makes it sound so easy! Does he think we don't realize this is for show since he's still not met with us? He was down the street eating?
Senator Portman,
Please vote against the Senate health care bill.
Respectfully,
John
Tipp City, OH
Please save the ACA and work with Democrats to make it better. Our families need comprehensive coverage.
#SaveMedicaid Direct Support workers are underpaid. Cutting & capping Medicaid makes it worse. Please help!
Agree I am a direct care provider
Okay, then how about a town hall in Cbus so we can all talk to you in person? No? #DoYourJob #boughtandpaidfor
You can help us by protecting our right to affordable health care. Say NO to the repeal of the ACA. If you want to replace, go single payer!
I've called your offices numerous times to request that you vote no on repealing and replacing the ACA.
Me too
ObamAcare is collapsing, to many leaching, we can't afford it
It needs to be fixed, not taken away . I don't know one person that has it that is leaching. People have a right to healthcare
Promise #Ohio you will protect our health care! Vote #NoBCRA. #NoMedicaidCuts
Get on healthcare. Repeal Obamacare ! Republicans promised now do it!
Fill the 120 judicial vacancies, repeal Obamacare, build the wall, fund the military, drain the swamp, support the POTUS!!!
If you want to help me and my family, do not repeal the ACA. I need it to be insured. Think universal healthcare.

Please don't repeal #ACA. Fix it by subsidizing lower deductibles and OOP; preexisting conditions; and low-enrollment counties. Thanks!
How can we subsidize. We have no money! Free healthcare for everyone is not a option!
Maybe you should just read the replies to your tweets.
I have done so, Rob. I hope your staffer in D.C. has advanced my lengthy fax about Healthcare to your att'n. It's not same old same old!

This #veteran and Gold Star widow went to @SenCoryGardner's office to to plead that he vote no on #Trumpcare 
Respectfully, thousands of Ohioans have asked for a simple, public town hall meeting since January. There's just no reason not to do one.
He says to reach out, no 1 can reach him. No one can talk to OUR Senator. We need him on our side! #preexistingconditions #healthcarematters
Affordable health care for all. Everyone! Families, seniors, working poor, everyone.
Who pays for it? That's the question ? ObamAcare is collapsing , no money, no drs, no providers!
Please vote NO on the Trumpcare bill. Step up for people of OH. Not ins co., big Pharms and the wealthy!
https://www.facebook.com/NBC4Columbus/videos/10154575688882751/ …
How about voting down a health care act that will lead to the premature deaths of your constituents? That would be helpful.
Are you sure this wasn't meant as a DM to your donors? We can teach you how to DM if you don't know.
Voting against gutting Medicaid and other ACA protections would definitely help me, my family, and millions of other Ohioans. Be our hero!
Medicaid is for the truly poor. There r no ACA protections. Americans lost affordable healthcare and got unaffordable insurance under ACA.
You clearly don't understand what you're talking about... Medicaid also helps disabled people stay in their homes
Yes, PLEASE stop perpetuating the myth that Medicaid is only for the poor. Educate yourself Sara.
When it was established in 1964 it was for people with limited resources. Poor, disabled etc. Now look what it's become. Grab bag for all.
Help us by voting no on Trumpcare. #TrumpcareKills
So what is the date and time of your Town Halll meeting? Thank you.
I've called your office for weeks. Emailed you, your chief of staff, dpt chief of staff & healthcare staffer. No response. Vote no on BCRA.
Let's start with healthcare Senator. Medicare for all, it works Working people are contributing, modify as needed for those < 65.
Why does Sen. Portman even bother with a Twitter account? He never reads the replies.
I've tried. Your voicemail is full. How about a town hall?
I've tried countless times to get in touch with you via phone, email, and in person. I've asked for a #TownHall to do that, and nothing.
Also, just bc I'm liberal doesn't make me a protester. I'm an Ohioan and constituent. You represent me whether I voted for you or not.
Hey @senrobportman! Why don't you do this?  I mean, if you won't TAKE our calls, you could call US!
THREAD
Just got off the phone with @SenatorMenendez who called to add his voice to those supporting us and encouraging us to keep speaking out.
Try answering the phones cleaning out your vm box rob, makes it easier to contact you

#Medicaid covered 875,000 nonelderly #veterans in 2015. 
http://kaiserf.am/2tzipbj  
Impeach Trump. Leave my healthcare alone.
You can help my family by not voting for the Republican health care bill.
Pass decent healthcare not that turd proposed by you party
Repeal Obamacare.
I called about Pruitt. Did not good. Called about Betsy Devos. Did not good. Called about Flynn. Know where that headed.
I was willing to listen to your pov, but after this scene, you couldn't even get my support to explain gravity
You could actually pick up the phone for a change.
Right - you have no responsibility to be accessible to the poor and disadvantaged among your constituents by holding town halls. All about u
You can help by not repealing the ACA and fighting the big insurance cronyism that is trying to force it to fail. Do the right thing.
how much $ have you taken or made this year so far? You know, from the special interest guy? How about that Tyson chicken guy
also none of you want to hear from us unless we agree with you! Your all a bunch of lackeys that can't stand up to 45
that's a lie! Where were you when the disabled were being abused outside your office!!??
Help by voting no on this sham health care reform.
It is impossible to get through to your office, and if we are lucky to get through there is no answer to questions. #selfpromoting
Fraud.
You are the worst. Never got my vote and never will.
Really?  I just saw how those who wanted to talk to you in their wheelchairs being brutalized by your security
Are you trolling us?!?
You never respond. Your staff knows nothing about anything.
Why bother to reach out or contact you when you don't bother to respond? I would like to know.
You're cute when you're facetious. 
Rob you literally never answered, returned, or bothered to view an email or voicemail i left
You can help by voting no on senate health care bill. My father receives much needed aides through Medicaid. Do not repeal, but improve ACA
#vote no on the current health care bill
Please Senator, we Ohioans have asked for a #TownHall since January and you have stonewalled us at every turn. Who do you work for? Curious
Also you can vote to make sure that your Republican friends will not gut medicaid.
I have been calling your office 4 the past few months asking when your Townhall will be and I have yet to have a clear answer from the staff
Why are you  allowing police to drag disabled out if their wheelchairs and slam them to the ground?  Brutes!
You could help by resigning. I need a US Senator capable of representing my interests. You are not capable of doing so.
SERIOUSLY? This is just offensive! Stop ignoring us, face us in a town hall & ACTUALLY hear us! What a slap in our faces. #UnseatTheSellout
What a joke! There were a bunch of Ohioans in your office on Thurs and Fri whom you intentionally ignored.
We can get in touch by leaving voicemails? Puh lease. Explain to the family in Colerain why NRA loves you. Open-carry is sick.
If you blame the misdeeds of criminals on the freedoms of peaceful law abiding Americans, you may need to evaluate your thought process
My thought process is fine, open carry is lawlessness.
Not if it is legal. There is nothing unlawful about a peaceful person carrying a firearm for self defense, sorry
That's not what happened in the case I referenced & doesnt work out well for OH's black kids.
RP sides w NRA, even over what most NRA members want or what voters want. Whatever your stance on 2A, my point: he doesn't listen to voters.
Of course he sides with the NRA
We live in a free country & as a free people we have inalienable rights 
You fault RP for respecting rights
This isn't very fun, but yes I do understand these things. Have a great day!
NO CUTS TO MEDICAID!! I WILL DIE WITHOUT MEDICAID!

https://youtu.be/9Beuvi6tcWo 

#ADAPTandRESIST
Sir. Why have you not responded to this?
https://www.google.com/amp/thefreethoughtproject.com/watch-cop-dumps-woman-wheelchair-fellow-cops-nothing-help/amp/ …
Explain this please.
https://www.google.com/amp/thefreethoughtproject.com/watch-cop-dumps-woman-wheelchair-fellow-cops-nothing-help/amp/ …
Ok....you can help me and my family by not getting rid of my healthcare!!!! thx rob
DRAG HIM
No cuts to Medicaid! I can't travel to your office, because I'm stuck at home currently due to rehabilitation for my disability

Hey robbinochio ya nose is growing again! #adaptandresist
Maybe you could work on a health care plan that doesn't take twenty million people off of insurance for tax cuts for millionaires.
Maybe you could listen to our concerns at a town hall.
Oh my bologna has a first name...
What are you doing about the officer that tipped over a woman in wheelchair in front of your office?
You can push for impeachment. That will help me, my family & my country.  Ultimately GOP too.  If he's around in 2018 things could get ugly.
You and your staff block disabled people from fighting for our Medicaid...
#ADAPTandRESIST
Then Columbus police lied about there being an emergency patient, lied about us blocking them, we offered the elevators
#ADAPTandRESIST
You unlawfully broke the ADA by having your staff shut down the elevators so  disabled Ohioans couldn't get up to ur office
#ADAPTandRESIST
We tried a couple weeks ago, and you ignored our request... so @NationalADAPT joined OHIO ADAPT on Friday
#ADAPTandRESIST
I sent Ohio ADAPT to urge you NOT to vote yes on ANY bill that cuts Medicaid, easy for anyone who cares abt disabled
#ADAPTandRESIST
Except for the fact that you won't return my phone calls and I'm physically  unable to come to your office...#ADAPTandRESIST
He even refused to those of us who took a bus to DC!  He's as big a #liar as 45
Oops, I'm all thumbs--Portman refused to MEET those of us who took a bus to DC
I have called repeatedly asking for a #TownHall . I'm still waiting.
Really? Just how would that be. Fly to D.C. For a few minutes at you coffee at a cost of a thousand $? How about a town hall here?
You could really really help me if you could do something about the madman-in-charge. You cannot be okay with this
This is clearly a sarcastic tweet from a cowardly Senator who won't hold a town hall and whose votes are purchased by DeVos
so you can hide and have us arrested or do you only have disabled people arrested?
Come visit me & @DaytonChildrens to witness what we do for children on #Medicaid, w cancer, w pre-exist conditions, hear opinions!#VoteNo
We want and need single payer universal healthcare. The system now is too corrupt & broken to be fixed.
I have tried many times, only to be sent to a full mailbox. Vote no on repeal and barely replace.
You can help by not supporting to president's alliance with the KGB. Where is your statement about cyber sharing with Russia?
You can help by admitting we have Russians in the White House. Grow a backbone.
You can help by having a #REALTownHallNOW. We can't get ahold of you & your office also seems to ignore us. So... yeah. #SCHEDULETHETOWNHALL
This tweet is a LIE I've called your office many times and they have NEVER addressed my concerns, so I'll tweet some concerns:
1) After you claimed to vote for Pence, will you promise to recuse yourself come impeachment vote?
I have many times and NEVER gotten the help I need
You can start by not removing the protections I have that prevents insurance companies from charging me more because I have a pre-existing.
#Ohio is not for sale. We are people with stories and hopes and dreams, lives to live. You represent us. Vote NO on repealing ACA #listen
Do the right thing and vote no for trumpswealthcare - I keep leaving you messages how important it is to my family you do not cave to GOP
My family needs affordable healthcare, covering essential benefits & preexisting conditions. We want our senator to look out for us #voteNO
You need to pick up the phone "I've called many times asking that you defend the environment and healthcare. That would be a great start!"

It's your responsibility to schedule townhalls.  But kudos to your twitter staffer for attempts at making you sound responsive.
The day GOP fears will be the day when the majority republican egisters AND VOTES.
We'll be on Capitol Hill all week with stories of medically complex kids harmed by #BCRA. Several from OH. Name a time, we'll be there.
I'm literally laughing aloud! You're joking! We have contacted your office and you give us cookie cutter reisponses. Can you spell Medicaid?
Just please work with the democrats to find a healthcare solution that takes care of all Americans. People before party.
Senator Portman,Trumps Wealthcare will take away healthcare 4 over HALF MILLION Ohioans.Do u care?Do right&VOTE NO.
Senator, you need to address the abuse disabled protesters endured by police in your #Columbus office . You are responsible! #Portman
These people want to talk to you about healthcare.  We aren't the enemy.  https://twitter.com/DeadPundits/status/883739311019053058 …
restructure ACA; don't vote for BCRA
Ummm. I think all OH should politely decline this invitation, for their personal safety.
How dangerous is Trump? This dangerous https://twitter.com/UniteAlbertans/status/883863017141575680 …

How often are people pushed out of wheelchairs in your office?
#notrumpcare!
You can help me by supporting the #ACA which is the only reason myself and tons of other self-employeds have health insurance. No #AHCA
#BeatOhio
Excellent! When can we expect a townhall meeting, so that we can publicly address important issues?
Get a different job Rob. That's how you can help me. I don't trust you. You have done a pretty poor job representing your constituents.
I’d like to suggest that you stop taking campaign contributions from out of state PACs, corporations, and individuals.
Great point! If only the disabled had some nice PAC money to throw at him...
Its cute u think u are getting reelected.  This post is a joke.
Like these people, right. https://twitter.com/DeadPundits/status/883738907359268864 …
Do you agree with the intelligence specialists that Russians interfered in our election, and what are you doing about it? #ohio
Your constituents are trying to reach you but you are nowhere to be found. 
Save the ACA and stop allowing police at your office to abuse people for starters.
Please start holding town halls throughout the state so you can personally hear from all interested constituents.
...but I will not be held at all responsible if the cops then dump you out of your wheel chair and walk away
https://twitter.com/DeadPundits/status/883738907359268864 …

Start with investigating law enforcement officers who assault citizens...on your behalf 
TFIWWY?
Please please please don't vote to repeal Ocare. Too many lives rely on it.
Many ways to bring down health care costs. Denying meaningful coverage to sick and poor not the way to do that
Maybe you could have the police in your office NOT physically assaulting the handicapped people there who would like to do just that.
Great! I'd love single-payer health care, gun control, more $ for education, less tax loopholes for corporations... lots of ideas, DM me!
How the f--k can you defend the actions of police against disabled, wheelchair confined CONSTITUENTS-u r repugnant, so glad not my senator.
Ohioians were SITTING in your office and you claimed they're from New York. How can we trust you'll help anyone who doesn't vote GOP?
Liar.
You like to listen to messages. You NEVER answer the phone. Just another liar out to screw the people.
Senator was this video of abuse taken outside your office?
cc:.@SenSherrodBrown:
https://twitter.com/DeadPundits/status/883738907359268864 …
You can help by not allowing the police at your office to push protesters from wheelchairs who want to #savetheaca.

You are disgusting.
I keep calling, begging to protect my child who has a heart defect. Are you talking about tickets to tour the Capitol or something?
How about not voting to repeal and replace the ACA?  You are always asking how you can help but you never listen to us. From Cincinnati.
Maybe you should've had some health care town halls. OH-05, 43606.

https://twitter.com/DeadPundits/status/883738907359268864 …
Please let's get national reciprocity for ccw
"Unless you're in a wheelchair."
Except you'll harass abuse and arrest us
I have been trying to for weeks. I've called your offices 20 times and have yet to talk to a person or get call back. No emails back either
Ditto. I've called you at least every other day for the past few weeks and have yet to get anything but straight to voicemail w/ zero reply.
Looking at the posts in this thread, it's clear how his constituents feel, but he'll take a token amount of opioid funding & call it a win.
You should count how many folks who responded and said vote NO on #TrumpCare. Also, I can't wait for when we all get to vote you out.
I've tried on several occasions and you never seem to get the message.
Are you serious? Your office has picked up once in the last three weeks. I call almost daily. You can help by saying NO to #TrumpCare.
I've called many times asking that you defend the environment and healthcare. That would be a great start!
No on Senate health bill. Fix, not repeal, ACA. Stand up to Trump and his repeated lies and Russia ties. That would be a start.
So you can have us arrested?
You might help by seeing the disable is not abused by the police. This is YOUR fault.
You can help by staying true to Ohio and voting against the Senate's misguided Healthcare bill. Thanks!
Single-Payer Healthcare.
Relocate Waterville compressor station to a much less populated area.
I call every day. I live in your district. But it seems you aren't listening. Your staff have been nice. Know some of them now.
First, vote No on the BRCA. Then reach across the isle and work with Dems to protect and defend this country rather than the GOP.
Seriously Sen. Portman?  We've been calling for months with no response! Try, "Never hesitate wasting your time, calling me who doesn't care
I just watched a video of a woman thrown out of her wheelchair by a cop while at your office. Care to address this?
Why?  No one answers your phone!
If SilverSneakers was included seniors could stay healthier thereby reducing costs. NEOhio doesn't have access to a base gym.
So we can take your messages and not respond, unless there is $ attached.
Senator Portman, I am a 66 year old military retiree and I am truly perplexed that TriCare for Life does not include SilverSneakers.
How about a real #TownHall ?
Why? Will you actually answer?
How about a #TownHall so we can all get the same answers to the same questions. You're elected to represent us, not your interests
Hi! You can me and mine by standing up to disinformation & saving the ACA! Call out #TrumpPutin

