Yes. Thank you. And now you must speak out against the president's attempt to blame these threats on the victims.
as a sexual assault survivor I feel SERIOUS hate against women by POTUS. What are you doing about that ??
We must be against hate toward everyone - Jews, Muslims, immigrants, gay, straight.
please call on @POTUS to do something about it
then do speak out somewhere other than Twitter, like a town hall
how about we start with your president?
what did you say to @POTUS when he implied Jews doing this in on purpose?
stop tweeting and do something about it!!!
You okay and are complicit in this by supporting @realDonaldTrump 's agenda of hate.  YOU let this continue to happen.
VOICE is just the latest bigoted policy your party has unveiled.
maybe not put Bannon on the #NSC? White supremacy doesn't belong in the White House. #Indivisible
and trump said it was to hard of question to answer. I am glad Trump represent the @GOP can't wait for new jobs
your acceptance of this regime is disgusting! how about you put people over party, save @EPA , #ResolutionofInquiry, #impeach
thank you.  We need actions not just words.
tell #dondondump to denounce racism and xenophobia
U can start by speaking out against POTUS. He has fostered hate, and you would be either a liar or stupid to claim otherwise
I hope that these crimes will be as thoroughly investigated as any foreign terrorism attacks.  This is domestic terrorism.
Thank you, Senator!
It's Trump supporters. 45 has given them "open season" permission.
Bigotry in general is rampant.  It is a danger just like the heroin epidemic.
it starts at the top. Trump is passively condoning it
Except the President and his closest advisors.  They "must" do nothing, it appears.  Be sure to pick up when Bannon calls.
As they sow so shell they reap...
Thx. Please make sure the Pres. does too. But for the mention in Tuesday address he has been mostly silent, often skeptical.
Too bad SCROTUS won't say this
thank you for your public voice against hate senator
Can you pass that message on to POTUS? Haven't heard anything from him...
WE! Good demoncratic statement. YOU haven't spoken out except today. Gettin close to election time and needing that cash?
Speak out!  This Admin doesn't represent  values.
Can't they trace these robo calls?
You sir, need to speak up. This is being fueled by Trump, Bannon & Pruitt.

Hate? Like what @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is peddling? Like Rousso being detained for 10 hours & threatened w deportation?
Please bring a resolution condemning this behavior. As of this writing, Trump hasn't forcibly spoken out against it.
Instead he suggests that someone is doing this to make others look bad. Is he suggesting the Jews? Nonsensical.
lets speak out against your hate for women and gays
Thank you for speaking up! Too bad our president won't!
perhaps speak up against @POTUS #45 instead of hiding behind twitter and supporting the racism and hatred in his admin
and stand up to @GOP and insist on #TrumpTaxReturns #trumprussia investigate now
maybe you should consult your president about his notion that the #jews are behind these threats. #jccbombthreats
Then please talk to @realDonaldTrump.
Yes, you're right. But you being in lock step with Trump takes away some of your credibility, I'm afraid.
You're finally contradicting your overlord! Now, call it what it is: #terrorism ! #jewishcemetery #JewishCommunityCenters
Tell that to POTUS.
You can thank Twit-Ler for this
Then get a new president #Bannon
Oh wait a minute I guess it is @BarackObama fault. Life under @realDonaldTrump regime.
if you really cared, you wouldn't support this @potus
calling them fake is a horrifying path. WH must stop
What is this? Another holocaust war??
the POTUS never mentions these threats.  Too busy talking about fake news
ask the head of GOP, trump, to condemn antisemitism.
and instead of addressing the issue your president is claiming HE is the victim
Tell your President
you are enabling this by supporting DJT and his white supremacist agenda.
I can't put my finger on exactly what happened about 5 weeks ago. #Trumprussia
@JeffersonObama      Tell the president who is in your party.
Thank you, Senator. You are right to say so.
but your President says they are "False Flags." You better get in line.
thank you for speaking up. For many of us these are scary times. Hate crimes are up. America's promise feels threatened.
I've called your office several times asking you to support bill to remove Bannon & vote no on Sessions. You remain silent.
good for you!
@POTUS channeled David Duke and said they are doing it to themselves. Denounce his bigotry and gain some respect.
Good on you for saying this. Do soemthing about it!
Skyrocketing race & religious bigotry like we haven't seen in 50 yrs is direct result of Trump, Bannon & Sessions in charge.
and it's coming from the anti-semites that support him and Breitbart News. Do NOT let him shirk any responsibility for this.
Will you speak out against the alt-right hate within the administration?  #SteveBannion, in particular?
people feel like they have the green light for these disgusting hate crimes bc Trump surrounds himself with whitesupremacists
"We must all speak out".   Today Trump called it all a hoax and blamed "the other side."  Speak out against Trump too!
do something!
.@senrobportman Waiting - impatiently - for you to actually do something. Your silence against the craziness in DC makes you complicit.
what did you think was going to happen? You have thrown your support behind a guy that scapegoats groups and courts neo-nazis
DO something about it. Stop dithering. You have an obligation to the people you represent, also it's the right thing to do.
yes, could you have a discussion with your president who needs to talk about this in depth just what presidents do!
nice.  Get 45 to condemn also.  And KS.  And incident in Canada. And....
Yes!
you'll push this  with @POTUS right? Hahaha Like you'll ever stand up to him.
And yet “you all” don’t. I wonder why that is.
@potus cultivated the hate, encouraged the extremism and ignored the crimes. Stand up and speak out about that.
we know you don't actually care, since you support a @POTUS that thinks this is fake news.
ROB, TALK TO TRUMP, HE IS YOUR DADDY RIGHT.
can't do that if you continue to support a fascist
If only POTUS would say this instead of saying they are "false flag". Also, needs to condemn KS hate crime.
Then SPEAK OUT against @POTUS-he's destroying all we hold dear-The People DEMAND Independent investigation into #Trumprussia
perhaps start with DJT who says someone is doing it to make him look bad. Someone IS doing it. SOMEONE looks bad on his own.
You're right.  It's disgusting.  As is the president YOU ARE SUPPORTING.

YOU ARE CONDONING THESE ACTIONS!

YOU!

INVESTIGATE
We agree & have more ideas, too. Have a #REALTownHallNOW & #listentoyourconstituents! #stopignoringus #talktous #standupto*45
@EllenMorris1222 well POTUS says they are fake.
@EllenMorris1222 Talk to your #SoCallPresident of yours
start by holding your pimp accountable. That would help rob #trumprussia #russiagate #resist
These attacks need to stop
