we will have a several billion when we confiscate the Trump campaign's illegally obtained 19.5% share of Rosneft
and seize Trump assets like we did Fuchs and the Rosenburgs for espionage and treason several billion more
cutting Great Lakes funding and arts programs are how we start? maybe he could lay off the golf and you could answer phones!
so you are going to oppose the 21 billion for the wall?
you are not representing the best interests of your constituents
are you talking about weekly golf trips and security for penthouses?
and the gap between the rich and the poor must be reduced, not widened. THAT's just decency.
stop giving tax breaks to the wealthy. Make them pay fair share. Problem solved. Fixed it for you.
there are definitely cuts that could be made in theFirst Family travel &security budget.
You've done this your entire career in public service. Your incredibly disingenuous. DO YOUR JOB
misinformation sir - focus... #Trumprussia @DevinNunes what's happening to our country????
Our military gets plenty of money. They just need to spend it more wisely. If cuts are being made to EPA, so should Defense.
Are you trying to prepare your voters for losing funding for PBS, NEA, NEH, after school programs, job training, etc??
oh I know, isn't PBS, art and humanities just the worst
end all health and retirement benefits for member of Congress
Maybe don't cut the taxes on the wealthy.
maybe 45 should stop wasting money on golfing trips and millions on vacations for his kids and Melania needs to move to DC
stop approving Trumps weekend vacations,  demand FLOTUS to move into WH and doyour job!   How's that for starters?
until then,  don't want to hear about wasteful spending.
it's also important to pay the bills you have
let's start with the military budget.
You're right. Cut military spending and raise taxes on the rich. That should help a lot.
Then don't allow a wall or such excessive build up of military. Stop POTUS from encouraging war.
please do not vote for ahca
no tax cuts for billionaires then!
Debt limit is an issue Republicans invent in order to take benefits from the poor. Debt a non-issue when it’s for military.
exactly! Distraction - nothing more...
.@senrobportman Thoughts on the white-male tribunal deciding fate of coverage for breast cancer and maternity care?
I can't imagine anything worse, after a breast cancer diagnosis, than not having health coverage. I am a survivor
well you can thank @NancyPelosi for passing obamascare!!
-- then start Voting FOR the PEOPLE rather than against them, & with big business & DJT. #WakeUpGOP
stop giving Israel $3.8b a year so THEY can give their people universal health care while u take ours away
so about that proposal to swell an already bloated military... you're gonna vote no on that right? #PreferPBSToMoreBombs
vote no on Trumpcare. For once, show some integrity.
13% of women support AHCA - 13%  Listen to the women in your state!
The debt is important. Let's not address it by hurting our most vulnerable Americans. No tax cuts for Billionaires. #resist
I'm a public servant better known as a war veteran. No life time health care, retirement, perks. Set an example walk the talk
Please consider if AHCA goes to Senate to vote down
code for more tax breaks for the rich and less service for Americans. Nice. Do your job Russians in WH
would you care to explain why you voted to allow ISP's to sell our private information today?  #partyovercountry
#youownthis #HeIsYourBoy #yousupporttheproblem #thiswillbeyourlegacy
People at bottom?  Get a job!!
You people make no sense! Wake up!  Crazy left can't stop running ur mouths yet arguments have no credibility!
then why does the health care bill proposed INCREASE the deficit and still leave millions without healthcare?
let's start taxing the rich accordingly, cut corporate welfare, stop the explosive military spending
Including bloated military spending?
make sure you cut meals to old people -- then hope to get into heaven
agree so why not in readers taxes on top 1% and vote reduction in congress lifetime benefits? THAT's just common sense!
So we need to tighten our belt and live without healthcare, education, elder care and the arts. Us. Not you, of course.
why didn't you care about debts or deficits while forcing #CARA & #Stop Act onto us? Why do they matter now?
- you can't default on the debt &you know it..common sense. Get your party's President to give up on wall & military increase
then why won't you discuss raising taxes? How can you reduce deficits when you remove a very effective tool?
Ohio Independents will REMEMBER if you follow blindly after a PREZ who can't TELL THE TRUTH to save his soul!Do what's RIGHT!
cutting  to programs like NEA, which are a tiny fraction of the budget, is @GOP axe-grinding dressed up as responsility.
since you're suddenly 'Mr. Debt Hawk', what's your take on @POTUS's senseless border wall? Jousting fucking windmills.
Except you need to cut from the top where the wealthy are - not the bottom when people need help.
so you'll scrap the ridiculous wall, ask Trump to stop taking vacations and bring his family to the WH? That's common sense
leaving your twit following over this tripe
Start by auditing waste in Defense Dept. Only agency w/o audit in over a decade.
makes more sense to raise taxes temporarily to pay for war effort. cutting taxes during a war (Bush) got us into this mess
Then WHY did YOU vote to RAISE it? Not much common sense coming from your voting hand! THINK BEFORE YOU VOTE.
Yoooo-whoooo, They're burning the place down.
Why did you vote to sell out Americans' privacy & online data today?
trumps budget is deficit neutral.....and, it hurts the middle class and rewards the rich.  U DON'T CARE ABOUT THAT
NO ONE CARES ABOUT THE DEBT TODAY.  Protect our healthcare and listen to us instead of trying to tell us what to think about.
That's why u should stick to Obama policies. He made significant headway in deficit reduction.
so SAD to hear your yea vote on slaughtering Alaskan animals... will remember at election votes
#investigate trump's ties to Russia remove white nationalist Bannon. Give Devos back her bribe money
YES! only issue at the moment that matters - who is running our great country?
How can you vote to build a wall on our Southern border, cuts to everything that makes us a nation, and preach debt limit!
then why do you want to provide more tax relief for the wealthiest citizens?
Your party regularly ignores common sense and history. Slashing revenue by big tax cut for rich never decreases the deficit.
if we need to reduce deficit, why is GOP want to cut taxes on the wealthiest people? What's your logic here?
Vote NO for any health plan that eliminates essential care and hurts the poor,sick,or seniors. NO tax cuts for rich!
Take a good hard look at Trump's travel expenses. Leave healthcare alone.
Yep, that jackass @realDonaldTrump is going to run us right into the ground just like the last @GOP president did.
No wall or tax cuts to wealthy,  and secret service for Mar a Lago or Melania in NYC?  Better health care than AHCA bill.
since when do you use common sense Rob? Protect Great Lakes/vote for Pruitt. Opioid crisis/support AHCA.sound familiar?
.@senrobportman Common sense? Have you met your president Sen Portman?
So...you'll oppose tax cuts for the wealthy?
Haha! Says the man who's party regularly blows up the deficit whenever they're in power.
Especially for wars off the books, guess those don't count. George W was his boss and he was all in!
are you ok with health care bill that guts ACA basic coverage? It would create a market for inferior, not better, coverage.
I prefer blue water instead of green great lakes and health care. Same tax rate for everyone. What no Trump tax returns???
MUST raise the Debt Limit. The money has ALREADY been spent!!
so get rid of funds to military, when we r already the strongest, police force, too many dif kinds of police, ECT. Not aca
eliminate corporate welfare. initiate fair taxes on the wealthy. Don't balance the budget on the backs of US.
agreed.  Balancing the budget on the backs of the poor is not the way to go, however.
Washington should be REDUCING the debt and BALANCING the budget. If you don't understand this, you will be replaced
Hey, dont raise it. To H377 with USA.
