fact: Trump's in bed with Putin and you're on the chopping block
you're a spineless fuckweasel who sold out ohio for $51k. We see you

Fact: You claim to care about #Ohio families and schools while supporting the most unqualified Secretary of Education ever.
so... like the current administration then?
Fact: You sold our children down the river.
Fact: as a constituent of yours, I am beyond frustrated by your vote for DeVos #PortmanForSale
in reality it's all about the money, not educating our children
so disappointed that a child's best chance for an education can indeed be denied for the right price...sad
Fact: You can kiss my ass
I can't believe you didn't listen to your constituents. Shame.
I thought "no Sadaam" was the environment in which ISIS thrives. We did that, remember?
go away I don't want to hear any more of your statements.
quit acting like you care. You proved today that money is more important than kids. Enjoy that cash. You have no soul.
#sellout
sell out
I am now joining others to fight against you. At least they claim religious reasons you did it for DeVos money.
Fact: The Trump regime and associated Republicans w no backbones threaten the foundation of this country
Fact: YOUR vote on Devos guarantees you will have severe opposition next election cycle.
You're taking orders from a man who supports Russia which supports Assad! Look into Trump's Russian ties. What are you doing?
Who's the moderate opposition, Bobby?
cannot get through to your offices by phone. Poor representation. Vote NO ON Sessions and Pruitt. #stopsessions #StopPruitt
where ISIS thrives? Forget ISIS...we have trump and congress destroying the American dream.
He is the best friend of your man, trump.  when will you stand up to this guy?

fact: stating something is fact doesn't make it so. #Actualfacts are if y'all keep voting where the $ is, nothing gets better
Appreciate you standing strong on Russia and Assad and I hope info about 1000's killed in Syrian prisons is also addressed
you create atmosphere for terrorists
Fact! I don't believe anything you say?
#betteraskbetsywhatshethinks
political prostitution
Too bad your boss Trump is so chummy with #Russia. You and he are going to have an uncomfortable talk.
You know all this, but you still vote for DJT's nominees.  How can he be so wrong on Assad/putin but right on cabinet?
Fact: you don't care about the education of the children in Ohio.
@realDonaldTrump wants to ally with  against ISIS, which means allying with Assad. How will you challenge your President?
FACT: We don't want DEVOS
God, shut up!
Fact: you suck
Shame on you!  A sheep of the party, with no consideration for you constituents.  Ohio is disgusted with you!  #noDevos
Can't take any of your foreign policy serious. You were bought for DeVos. You showed no resolve in an issue dear to Ohioans
and your incompetent fool of a leader just gave them enough material to recruite for years! Congrats!
#PortmanTownHall for February 20th recess. Let's make it happen, people. Keep his phones ringing!
are you preparing your case for invasion of Iran?
Ignored your constituents? We'll see you at the next election, Moneybags.
ok I am sure the Russians will agree, right Comrad!!
Deflection attempts will not make us forget what you did today on election day. #noDevos You failed our children.
agree.  Bad situation. And Russia assists ... so what do u propose??
FACT Senator Portman doesn't listen to his constituents and screwed their children today. FACT This is his last Senate term
Fact: your vote for Iraq invasion created crises that continue to this day.
http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/03/19/pentagon.surge/ …
GOP = dead-end wars
fact Devos group funded anti-LGBT groups.
The countdown is on to your defeat, Ohio parents are mobilizing
@twright55 U.S. CIA is funding ISIS & AL Qaeda posing as Moderate Syran Rebels.
sounds familiar, when are you going to go after the bully in the WH. Putin's friend is Assad, Trump and Putin are close, so..
#fact @BetsyDeVos bought you for $51k #CORRUPT politician! Your rich supporters created terrorism b/c war is profit to them
fact: Betsy Devos bought your vote and you could care less about the kids of Ohio
Fact:  You sold out to @BetsyDeVos
Assad is massacring people. 13,000 people were just murdered. Assad is working with Putin & Trump wants to support if.
Fact: If you didn't want to support Trumps dangerous agenda you shouldn't vote for his incompetent nominees
#RecallRobPortman
u no longer have credibility. #dumpportman. Sellout


FACT
