But...Pruitt vote! Hummmmm.
then why did you vote for #Pruitt? He wants to cut over $200 million to Lake Erie, how will you protect against THAT?
then why did you support Scott Pruitt for epa?
Putting party before country has consequences. EPA chief disagrees, so your words and work here mean little.
but you voted for the new head of the EPA...really...
Obviously you say one thing and do another. Update your resume.
Please do.
But your president is trying to destroy clean water.
Not anymore. Keep track of what trump is doing to the environment because we are.
Then you should have voted No on Pruitt.
Words mean nothing. Actions are everything. A vote for Pruitt is a vote against the Great Lakes and Ohio's health & safety.
Time to flush our state of individualistic vultures, and make it a moralistic climate. Ohioans deserve true representation.
@IndivisibleTol1 hope that letter works!  More likely that Pruitt will eliminate the EPA as per plan
.@senrobportman Didn't you vote to approve an EPA director that completely cut great lakes protection & has been open about going to do it?!
No cuts to Great Lakes funding! Bipartisan agreement. Fishing. Boating. Clean water. No Asian carp. All Ohioans agree!
Thank you, Sen. Portman. I appreciate you standing up for our Great Lake.
Did you think b4 you voted? No conscience. No character.
why did you approve of Pruitt to head the EPA then? You knew he was wrong for the job!
Then why did you vote for Pruitt?
yet your @POTUS is saying other words Take a stand stand up to him and and his healthcare
Rob!!!  Please help strengthen the EPA!
make the @EPA a top priority with it we have no environment to live in #oneworld #smog #pollutionkills
you already didn't when you voted for Pruitt.
Thank you, Senator. That will require fighting your administration and EPA chief.
actions speak louder than words!
LIAR
need to start by reminding @EPAScottPruitt that @EPA is leading this effort with funding and law. Healthy lakes mean jobs!
.@senrobportman we've got 6 years of you. But fortunately - we will NOT forget you sold out Ohio and our country when we needed you most
@OHDems Then you oppose the disastrous 97% budget cut to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative? Stand up for Ohio, Rob.
then why Pruitt? Don't let them gut EPA please
Thank you for the efforts. You will have to fight your fellow Republicans and the man you supported for president
Pissing on Ohioans and telling us its rain. The GOP has been treating Ohioans like rubes for far too long. #NotBuyingIt
Good God man! Read your briefings. EPA is passé. Water can be chunky sometimes. Stop whining and learn to chew.
Should have thought of that when you voted for Pruitt.
watch them like a hawk, we are!  Nothing is sacred to that new lot in DC.
Thank you for this. I am heartened by your commitment.
This is why we asked you not to vote for Pruitt.  In the future will you consider what your constituents are telling you?
but you didn't. You can't have it both ways in this current world Rob. Get Pruitt and the Russians out of our house!
You are a hypocrite. I hope all of your constituents are petitions g attention.
...vital to human health. #resist #takeastand
If so, please stop the gutting of the EPA and its budget. Even Richard Nixon understood that healthy air, land and water...
you realize (of course) the water hazards on Trumps golf courses are more important to him then the Great Lakes
save the #EPA. PERIOD!
A No vote on Pruitt from you might have helped a little more than a letter 
You can ignore science, but it won't ignore you.
The worst part in the assault on science of this administration are cuts that prevent us collecting data to make smart policy
YOU ALREADY BOUGHT IT WITH YOUR GOTING!!!!
let's see it
So, why did you vote for Pruitt and BTW thanks for fucking up the Great Lakes on the Canadian side of the border by doing so. Great job.
So, basically: "I will continue trying to find ways to put out the fire I helped to start."
BUT YOU VOTED FOR PRUITT
Keep up on Great Lakes and push for funding of EPA. Great Lakes aren't US' only critical drinking water resources at risk.
please consider joining forces with @SenStabenow & @SenDuckworth among others to ensure all of the Great Lakes are protected
@Parkerbees action not words
yep
your prior votes say otherwise.
How are you going to deal with cuts to funding for Great Lakes & Coast Guard. Talk is cheap. We'll see what you do now!!
You need to take a stand before its to late. History will show what Trump did to America. and you will be responsible.
hypocrisy does not look good on you.  2068 days.  #selloutsenator
then why did you approve Pruitt?
Good luck with that considering the choice EPA director. You supported him I believe. Contradiction.
How do you plan to do that? Seeing as you voted for Pruitt? Are you fighting the budget plan that reduces Great Lakes funds?
You needed to have your eye on the ball months ago then! This is YOUR fault. #SaveEPA You are ruining Lake Erie!
Oh is that why you voted for @EPAScottPruitt  ? #climatechange #deregulate
Once again you didn't listen to your constituents.  We said to vote against Pruitt an yet you voted to confirm! #sad
your voting record speaks louder than your words!  We tried to tell you.  Now you've got more than one battle on your hands
Could you maybe have a word with your pal @ScottPruittOK over at the EPA? He seems a little slow on the uptake. Many Thanks.
the bent of Ur tweets r leaning more & more toward the tragically comedic... (but doubt the poor GL  think it's so funny...)
Nestle Corp needs the FREE water.
please do.   How will you fight your fellow (evil) republicans?
Pruitt is making it his top priority too right after he oversees the dismemberment of the EPA?
#TrumpRegrets huh? You voted for the guy who said climate change is a hoax, and confirmed Pruitt who wants to dismantle #EPA.
Epic fail. You voted for Pruitt who is dismantling clean water & air protections. #YourMessToFix #ActionsSpeakLouder
The challenge Senator will be doing this in view of Republican administration's anti-science and anti-environment agenda.
Trying to reconcile your statement with your Scott Pruitt vote. Help me out, Senator. Feels like Erie might not be a priority
Shocked you hadn't anticipated Pruitt budgets undermining environmental protection. Did you advise on appt or merely consent?
Hopefully more of a priority than youve been making your constituents. We warned you about this. #listentoUS #REALTownHallNOW
lol
"expressing concern about... 97% cut to Great Lakes funding." after his evil twin, @senrobportman, voted to enable this.
Amen! Thank You Senator Portman
Thank you. Please do, Senator Portman.
You did know when you voted to confirm Pruitt he was antithetical to existence of EPA. Your vote now brings each battle.

Why would support a man who sued the EPA as head of the EPA and wants to destroy the EPA.  Thanks for screwing Ohio.
Then why did you vote for @AGScottPruitt for the EPA?
Then why did you support Pruitt.  Save the EPA and bring back science-based research. Pruitt is just plain uninformed
How will you do that with Pruitt in charge? Details, we want details.
Thanks .@senrobportman. How do you plan to do that given Pruitt & budget plan to dramatically reduce Great Lakes funding?
Even if you do, the administration that you blindly support will not. You are responsible for the consequences of your votes.
@SenJohnMcCain @SenSanders @SenTomCotton @SenateGOP
 Approve all @POTUS picks NOW! 
Work together like adults. #MAGA
