You should keep the estate tax.
You and the GOP are a joke. You think middle-class families make $150,000 a year?  This Ohioan thinks you’re out of touch.
@senrobportman #Healthcare is urgent.  Look what just happened last week!  Restore the ACA - protect your constituents.
You mean give more billions to Jeff Bezos @ Amazon? Already gave him $127 M from Ohio taxpayers. The company has $30 Billion in cash - why?
forget taxes your trying to take healthcare away from my sick grandson.
shame on you.

Kansas tried a tax plan similar to Trump’s. It failed.
http://nyti.ms/2yDHRBM 
Renewal of CHiP is far more urgent. Please make that happen first.
I agree, @senrobportman. Please focus on CHIP first. @highlyanne
Did you see the latest report on the opioid crisis check out CBS   This tax plan won't work for me
Hasn't Sherrod Brown been saying the same thing?  You should try working together for a change.
Do your part in urging support to get President's reform through.
Not if includes this horrendous health insurance or that WALL.
Again, I ask why no opioid epidemic tweets today? Sensitive subject Robbie?
Their bill is POISON

Reauthorizing CHIP & legislating funding for #ACA subsidies is urgent. Tax cuts for the rich is not.
let's roll and get it done.

Really is that what you really believe
You are correct. You are saying the GOP plan will do that? No trickle-down?
How many times do repubs have to try this trickle down crap? We know it does not work. #StopIt #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpLies
All indications are the GOP tax plan is bad for the middle class.
Liar
The most vital tax reform needed is compelling @realdonaldtrump to release his like every other President in modern history
Sen Portman, why do you hate the middle-class? You vote to increase our healthcare cost & now you want to raise our taxes. #VotePortmanOut
You do realize that lots of working families rely on Medicare and Medicaid, no? Reform is not the same as "massive cuts" now is it?
And the president won't benefit, "believe me".
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/ex-dea-agent-opioid-crisis-fueled-by-drug-industry-and-congress/ … #Complicit #Hypocrite
#TrumpTaxScam #Ohioans #NationalCharacterCountsWeek 
Opinion: Trump's massive tax cut -- for the rich
Correction #TrumpTaxScam What it is #Ohio Why did u VOTE 4 Him If you Want TRUTH FACTS @RonWyden Has Details #NationalCharacterCountsWeek
Working families? Like the ones whose insurance is going up because of the moron in the WH? The one you support? #Complicit
Stock market is up. Unemployment is down. Yet you still want to run up $1.5 Trillion debt to give tax breaks to the wealthiest. #treason
Great way to start investing
But will the Senate once again block what President Trump has pushed for since on campaign trail & American people voted for? We will see!
Feeding the 1%? You can do better! #doyourjob
Without hurting the middle-class or the ACA
Now @senrobportman cares about jobs going overseas yet his political career was spent making it possible for companies to leave the  US
A debt free nation is URGENT! Where is the integrity of Congress to give us a debt free nation?
I’m thinking that this crazy Trump train is going to ruin getting all those tax cuts for your rich donors so you’re getting desperate...
In the 90's Congress rewarded businesses that outsourced with tax breaks & now you want to give tax breaks to bring jobs back? #WTFeconomy
Oh Senator, come on. Please show some leadership and stop with all the BS. This is not a good plan.
Saving CHIP is urgent. The wealthy can wait for their tax cuts
With all due respect this is a load of nonsense and will do none of the things you claim except more tax breaks to the 1% and you know it.
Stop these robotweets. Turns out there's a ton of inaccurate spin about the goodness of this plan.
How about renewing CHIP ASAP?
But they need to do it so they don't dismantle the safety net that those of us who are poor badly need! We Ohioans need and deserve help!
it's almost like there's nothing else going on your constituents might care about. (Hint: there's a lot)
Meanwhile the @GOP who used fake news to act like they were against Opoid Addiction actually passed a bill for lobbyist to help them!
Tom Marino & Marsha Blackburn are killing Americans so drug companies can keep taking in millions. Only an idiot would trust repubtards!
No. Rewarding your top donors is not urgent, know what is? working with others in Congress to attack real issues-not following Trump blindly
“Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.”  Giving tax breaks to the wealthy is an idea fraught with bad outcomes.
you know it won’t work. Never had.
GOP tax reform is a fraud designed to transfer wealth to wall st elites. Time to dump the GOP in Ohio. #dumpthegop
As it relates to my industry, I don't mind the manufacturing jobs overseas. Leave the cutting edge risk to Japan and keep FDA 1step behind.
So take our healthcare and giv tax breaks to the rich. Please explain how this helps the middle class? Besides the trickle down lie.
#TaxScam
Everything you say about the new trickle down is a lie.
Did @NRA Buy your Common Sense on #GunControl ?
Here are 58 Reasons to Reconsider Protecting 
#LasVegasShooting
You think $150K is an average income. Don’t think you’re qualified to discuss tax policy.
Ummmm how about healthcare???????????
Incidentally, MOST families in this country don't make $150k. Your version of "#TaxReform" only lines the pockets of your rich donors.
Hey! You don't live far from Milford. I promise that most families in that town don't earn $150k, and that your "#taxreform" will hurt them.

No. Ohioans don't want your so-called #TaxReform (which is actually just tax cuts for the rich that end up hurting the poor & middle class)
The national debt mattered to GOP until their "tax reform" then it didn't. #Hypocrites #dumpthegop
What are you doing about Trump?
Vote no on tax reform
It is. But deal with it sanely #TaxReform #trickledown
What this is a joke.  Middle class keep getting killed on taxes every year while the rich get cuts makes perfect sense
HEALTHCARE is more Urgent!!!!!!
Yeah, your wealthy donors are itching for more money.  You better hurry up and F--- the American people so that you get more campaign money.
Do you have some secret tax plan?  Because the plan as presented does none of this.
What about Trump not paying medical debts? Oh I forgot he in most cases do not pay debts. What will you do about #45's executive order?
To Mexico and Canada are not overseas. Just thought I’d bring that to your attention. I doubt Trump and Ivanka would bring theirs home.
No tax reform, nothing to stop jobs leaving just cuts for rich. Stop lying.
Tax reform IS urgent. Everyone (& corp) should pay one flat tax, no deductions, no loopholes, no changing rates. Period. #SimplifyTheCode
Taking care of our women’s rights and children is urgent donor tax breaks aren’t
You're kidding right? You could care less about working families. Corporations are your priority
Actually, you should work on getting 45 out of office before there's no country
And yet, in the hands of the GOP, we will all suffer immeasurably.
The Koch's are getting impatient, aren't they, Robert?
I see you like photo ops with our brave military personnel, where's the respect due to the 4 service members killed in Niger? Why a u silent
Yes, yes. And a massive tax break for the rich paid for by the middle class. We know. Seriously... #TaxReformBenefitsTheRich
Urgent for whom? The Koch network demanding results or no campaign money for 2018? I’m not urgently seeking a tax increase. #hypocrite #liar
Rescuing Puerto Rico=urgent. Stamping out neoNazi BS=urgent. CLIMATE CHANGE=urgent.Ending estate tax literally least urgent thing imaginable
@senrobportman tax reform is needed, just not Trump's version of tax reform!
#EmolumentsClause @votevets @commondefense @Goss30Goss @ProgressiveArmy @USProgressives  @CollegeDems @AUCollegeDems @hsdems @LetsMobilizeUS
#TaxReform is urgent, when are you going to introduce it? All that's on the table now is a #KochTaxCut
We need to get rid of Transfer pricing, and stop trying this trickle down crap that never works
Have I told you today, “you are a crook only interested in lining your pockets and those of your wealthy donors”.
Investigate & stop the spending of taxpayer dollars 2 #45, his properties, family & properties & administration is urgent. #EmolumentsClause
@ThePlainDealer @Enquirer @WCPO @Local12 @DispatchAlerts  @nbc4i @toledonews @daytondailynews 
@AkronBeacon @CantonRepdotcom @vindicator

.@realDonaldTrump's war on the Middle Class has never been more clear than in his tax plan & ongoing attacks on the #ACA. #ThisWeek
What a shameless liar you are, just like the big Cheeto in the WH. You don't care about the working people of OH.
Its only urgent for congress. We would prefer healthcare and impeachment before ww3 please
We The People will talk tax reform as soon as @POTUS @realDonaldTrump releases HIS taxes to prove he has paid what he should have paid.
What’s trump hiding in his tax returns?
You are clueless as to the meaning of "middle class" and you're taking tax reform, what a gem.
Rolling back the ATM and estate taxes is a DEAL BREAKER. This bill is a shell game.  Vote NO!
After every tweet that only addresses tax reform or sex trafficing, I respect you less. We are quickly entering the negative zone.
Liar,liar, pants on fire! No worries, you can buy more with all the money the Koch brothers are giving you to push this through.
Have Trump and his clan manufacture in US and you'll get me to listen. Your plan is a hoax and you know it. I hope this is your last term.


Its not urgent it hurts us Ohioans you know this you just want your donors check
No thanks if it's a GOP plan it's for the wealthiest Americans. GOP should have same healthcare as the rest of us. GOP is the death panel.

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 
you could talk to the people of Ohio who you represent and find out what we need. Hold a town hall please.
Senator, is there something u want us 2 do 2 help?shouldn't u be saying this to ur senate collegues? We know what congress should be doing.
You really need to read this.  43221
CHIP is urgent, shoring up insurance companies given Trump's sabotage is urgent, disaster relief is urgent.   Giving Rich tax breaks, not so
If you cared about jobs you wouldn't be pushing for the #TaxReform you want, @senrobportman. 1/
Breaks for your millionaire buddies, do nothing to help markets, but support for reasonable wages would. #TaxReform.
Stop. We're not buying it. Tax cuts for the wealthy do not increase wages. Raising the minimum wage does that. Economy grows from middle.
You don't understand how the global economy works.The US will not get more jobs through corporate tax cuts. We Ohioans need you to do better
So act.. . don't tell us
And the top 1%!!!???!!!
I wish you were as concerned about healthcare for workers as you are about tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires.
We'll, that Tweet storm didn't go very well. Are you getting the message? #Resist
Autocorrect gets on my nerves. Well, not "We'll."
So is holding this President and his racist cabinet accountable (remember the majority of Americans did not vote for this).
Senator, respectfully, as long as the face of the tax plan is a lying president with zero credibility, you won’t pass anything. Sorry.
The best way to do that is eliminate perks investors receive, not cut taxes to the rich! No more #KochTaxCut
Urgent for congress to help the American citizens of Puerto Rico before you have more deaths on your count
Stop backing all of trump`s stupid ideas and back the voters of Ohio for a change
Protect #DACA & support clean Dreamers Act. urgent. Congress should act now.
Do you even read your reply tweets
I’m pretty sure he doesn’t, nor the emails i send him nor voicemails left on unanswered calls. He’s a COWARD.
If the 1% don’t save millions, I’m not sure how we’ll survive.
And its urgent because they know Trump's leadership is coming to an end.
Hip boots required.
Stop listening to Trump!!! Please!!!!
tax reform is not urgent. We need a balance budget that keeps the programs that help the poor,elderly, and children.
Does he make you work on Sunday?
Please specify what kind of relief working families will get when the average income in OH is $51075.
You might want to ask the people of Kansas about that.
in what sense is it urgent
80% of the public want taxes to remain the same or go up for the rich, 80% of the Republican tax breaks go to the rich!
There's an even more urgent issue: restoring sanity to the executive branch. Your willingness to ignore it is shameful.
A town hall is urgent: it's been 1,083 days since your last public, in-person one in Ohio.
Senator why won't you hold an actual town hall to hear from the people you allegedly represent? Their are many issues that need open
two-way conversation. Pushing through the GOP agenda without critical town halls meetings is a egregious. 
@townhallproject @flippable_org
@senrobportman please act ASAP to protect Americans against #Trump
Wish things that are imp to your non rich friends were as urgent to you. I have no respect for you. You are so transparent. Pathetic.
Head in the game, please. The tax plan adds a trillion to the debt and helps only the wealthiest. Trickle down has been disproved.
What is the @GOP tax plan modeled after, pre-revolution France? #MakeAmericaAristocraticAgain #LetThemEatCake
How about a town hall so we can talk about your tax plan? #NotOnePenny
Not near as urgent as health care.  2018 enrollment is starting; rates are going up. Corporations are having record earnings.  They can wait
Increasing the deficit never seemed so urgent before
If only that was the goal
#25amendment #TrumpIsAMoron #PortmanIsHisAccomplice
Vast vast vast majority #taxreform going to the rich.  A few crumbs going to everyone else!
FEMA is lying! 4 Vet volunteers on the ground https://www.facebook.com/dailykos/posts/10156021586499255 …
I heard it adds $1.5 trillion in debt, hurts the most vulnerable in our society, and takes away Billions in Medicaid funding.  True?
It may be urgent, but the Pussy-Grabber is cheering himself on the links.
#ImpeachTrump is more urgent.  Do your job.
No, it is NOT. Puerto Rico is urgent. Trump decimating Obamacare is urgent. War with Iran & NK due to warmongering of You & Trump is urgent

Constituent 44074 Where in the tax reform does it require businesses to use tax breaks to create jobs and increase wages?
Your funders looking for their tax cut? Get it? Send the NRA back their money while you're at it.
Hey Mr. Portman’s Twitter-bot intern: ask the boss if he saw our governor on Meet the Press. Real example of care/concern 4 ALL people of OH
It's really not urgent.
No #TrumpTaxScam! C'mon Rob, you're trying to #RobthePoor.
No jobs are going overseas because of estate taxes. You’re a liar. You’re not representing your constituents
Pls stop calling it tax reform! All you and other Rs are interested in is tax cuts for the wealthy - businesses and people like yourself.
Tell the truth.
You are beholden to corporate welfare because you want  for attack ads.
You don't work for the middle class.
Do it before your boss berates you and writes an Executive Order! Why is there a Congress? Send you all home and get a real tax break.
FAIR tax reform is urgent.if you plan to give breaks to people who write you checks, you can just sit your little bottom back in the corner.
You realize that that's not going to happen with this tax "reform" plan right?
According to the IMF, you're factually wrong https://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/sdn/2015/sdn1513.pdf …
But given your stance on Health Care, I'm not shocked that you're lying
except there's no real evidence that tax cuts=more job
Rob, tell everyone about the law you're trying to pass making boycott of #Apartheid #israel settlements a FEDERAL crime in America. #BDS
McConnell, Portman, & Senate Republicans blocked a bill to end tax breaks for shipping jobs overseas:
We are waiting @senrobportman. That bill was 2 years ago. Wonder what has changed. Oh, right...
Congress should act ASAP to get Trump out of office. The wealthy don’t need more tax cuts.
