That's a great start but we need an independent investigation
Yes. Now we can get to the bottom of Hillary's treasonous actions-emails, uranium sales to Russians, Foundation pay to play.....
We have to get past Trump's treasonous actions, conflicts of interest, Ivanka's foundation, Trump
Inc pay to play, Trumps attacks on the Constitution & democracy, his love of all things dictator
His constant lies, his tax cuts for the rich, his Goldman-Sachs Admin, his incompetence, his lack
If class, etc
Oh, and the uranium thing has been explained a million times. Stop already!
So ask for an independent investigation. Stop sitting on your hands and do something.
Nothing to do. Trump did nothing. This is obama and hillarys lies. Don't waste our time and money on this nonsense
Shove your denial down a toilet with the rest of that ish coming out of your...!
Yes, hold them accountable.
Keep demanding
First comment on camera from President Trump on Comey: "he was not doing a good job" Now what Senator? You got your fuller explanation.
No explanation needed. It is ovrr
Stop being concerned and do something about it
its time for Comey to testify publicly before Congress and if what is in news is correct then appoint special investigator
So, what action will you be taking regarding your concerns in this matter? Just wondering in 44017
A never Trump senator speaks-If you think Comey should not have been fired you are part of the problem-he got you elected- man up -support
You are one of the few people who can do something. Please do. Independent investigation needed. Now.
Given the fact that this "fuller explanation " from WH would only contain more lies: INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW! NO MORE EXCUSES!
You know that if this had been Obama or Clinton acting in this way, R's would have been screaming from the rooftops.  No double standards!
They did a lot worse and NOTHING happened. Trump did nothing. This was created by obama and Hillary.  They hated comey to begin with.
I voted for you not these liberals commenting on here. WH owes no explanation. This is a waste of time and money. Drop it
Congress' job is to provide a check and balance to POTUS. Do it!
A fuller explanation? How about this:  YOUR PRESIDENT is a Russian stooge who is afraid of being led out of the WH in handcuffs for treason.
I believe there should be an independent special prosecutor investigating ties between Trump team and Russia. I'm a constituent in 44240.
Agreed! 44608
Same.  43209
Hope and prayers aren't enough! You know why he was fired. Do the right thing. Fight for what's right #CountryOverParty
If only there were something you, a sitting Senator, could do something about it.

If only.
@MichaelSteele could you be any milder?? #missedthepoint
We need an independent special prosecutor. You know we do. Be a patriot.
He gave just one more version in his NBC  "I said to myself.....this Russia, Trump thing".......
We want a special prosecutor! NOW!
We want trump left alone NOW.
No reason no proof
Look at trumps likes. America is happy with his decision. Please let it go. Don't give in to liberal media.
We need a strong independent FBI and an unfettered independent investigator. I'm a registered Republican, but vote for integrity over party.
The world awaits the GOP leader with the character to bring an independent investigation. Ohioans want that hero to be OUR senator. Do it.
Pray for our president and let him govern. Did you question obama?  What is wrong with you
We *need* an independent investigation!  I am one of your Republican constituents.  Please support an independent investigation.
Any explanation he gives is just more BS
I'm a constituent. I want a fully independent investigation into possible ties between Russia & the Trump administration. And I want it now.
Blah blah blah
This is insufficient.
Yes trump should be left alone. Investigate obama and Hilary. We are watching you mr portman
He doesn't need to. His decision. It can be for any reason. Like Sen. Grassley says "Suck it up and move on"
As soon as we get a special counsel for the IRS, Benghazi, Fast & Furious, Clinton Emails, Iran crates of cash...I"ll support one for Russia
President Trump was well within his power to fire Comey, he owes you no explanation.
Please. The White House has already provided multiple explanations. All of which conflict.
How about supporting a select committee and a special prosecutor...that is if ur truly a patriot??!!
Not really.
Obstruction of justice
Show us your with your constituents. Do something. #IndependentInvestigation #CountryOverParty
WE WANT THE TRUTH AND WE WANT AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW.
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
And an independent investigation
Backbone, Senator Portman, backbone.  We need a Special Prosecutor, nothing less.
Who are you trying to impress with a statement like this??  The #msm or the #liberalmeltdown hypocrites??!  #rino #DrainTheSwamp #Comey
Haven't you been watching the news for the last year?!  The fact that the president waited this long to fire him is the only surprise here..
How about believing we need and endorsing a #IndependentInvestigation so that we can wrap this mess up and move on. #PeopleOverPartyPlease
You are sounding more like a democrat everyday
We need an independent prosecutor to investigate Trump and his ties to Russia. We deserve to know if he is compromised.
Please demand a special prosecutor and a independent bipartisan investigation! We all know that any explanation will be a lie!
SPE  CIAL  PRO  SE  CUT  OR 
Please do what you can to make sure an independent counsel or special prosecutor is appointed to find the truth of the Russian allegations.
Please be on the right side of history on this one.  Be brave and do right by your constituents by calling for a special prosecutor.
Sessions recused himself from any involvement in investigations pertaining to Russia’s alleged meddling in 2016-call for his resignation
Not hardb to understand.  J.S. just as crooked as big Don.
Thanks. Please stay on this.
....and we need an independent special prosecutor to investigate Russia ties. Come on, Senator. I know you can be a real patriot. Just try.
The equivalent of thoughts and prayers.  Or ordering vanilla ice cream for dessert @Cheesecake. Grow a pair.
We need more than an explanation. We need an independent counsel.
The WH appears to be incapable of telling the truth.  We need an independent prosecutor.
Thank you for demanding accountability for the American people & our system of governance. We deserve the truth & enough is enough already!
You're a senator in the majority party. You don't have to wait for them to dole out a lie-filled explanation. #subpoena
@senrobportman, now clear that #POTUS directed #DOJ to write memo requesting Comey firing. I hope you're more concerned now!#Chilling
Why not independent investigator for Trump Russiagate?  What is the GOP afraid of?  Are you willing to be attached to that fear or to truth?
#IndependentInvestigation! Pls step up & defend, support &bolster our democracy &constitution, not standby and let potus undermine it
Ya think?  Special prosecutor now, please!
There is no rationale.
Reelect this man he is almost on the right side of history with Trump B.S.
If you're going to do something, make it fast. As a constituent of yours, I'm going to do all I can to make sure this is your last term.
If you give the Terrorist in Chief a pass on any of this, you will be complicit in the fouling of our democracy.
Perhaps an independent investigation would be in order.
Congress should demand a fuller explanation. Use the power the Constitution gave you. #congress
Dump Trump ASAP.  He has no rationale. It's a Nixon rerun. Get out while you can.
This is a grossly insufficient statement.
You have to protect us from this madness
He will not provide one
We need an independent special prosecutor now, constituent from 44306
Independent investigation. Please. Constituent in 43566.
here is a crazy idea - how about an Independent investigation?
How about putting your country over your party and join your colleagues in calling for an independent investigation re: Russia?
independent investigation.we will never trust GOP to investigate fairly
Time for an independent investigation
Independent special prosecutor would do the trick.
After today's events-Russians in Oval Office, conflicting WH explanations, we need Special Prosecutor!
That's a start.... now say it. Our sovereignty depends on a full impartial investigation #Americanfirst
Weak attempt Robby really weak
Does this mean you will stand up to .@GOP and stand with .@SenJohnMcCain and call for an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia?
This isn't good enough. Call for a special prosecutor.
I believe there should be an independent special prosecutor investigating ties between Trump team and Russia. I'm a constituent in 43952.
please call for an independent investigation.  We deserve answers
Nice try but it will never happen. Trump asked DOJ to draft the rationale, and now the WH is blaming DOJ. He wanted Comey out of the way.
Impeach Trump already!! All GOP is going down in next election!  All of you are traitors!
Or at least a consistent one. Or a credible one.
Senator I biked Ohio all fall. Trump was taking Ohio based on all the signs. Rural America is angry. This suburban is too Fix the issues 2/2
I think we need to get over the election. It happened. If we continue to focus on Russia the problems of America aren't solved. 1/2
Holy shit. We actually agree on something. Now is the time for you to stand up and demand a special prosecutor & independent investigation
Don't hold your breath. And when they do get around to fabricating their reason it'll be a lie just like everything else of this admin
A special prosecutor could compel a fuller explanation. It's time for you to be a principled leader, Senator.  CLE, 44102.
That is a step.   Now it is time to fully stand up and demand a full independent investigation.  I am a life long Republican & believe this.
You think?
Glad to read this bc something is rotten here...
Hush.....get to work on repeal and replace....and tax cuts
I'm a constituent, & I want an independent investigation into the Trump campaign's collusion with Russia.
I hope you follow through on this. #Ohio
Thank you, Rob. As an Ohio voter, I appreciate your support of getting all the facts out in the open.
We need input from an independent investigator. Anything less is insufficient.
failure to supervise, dereliction of duty, conduct unbecoming, and refusal to obey a lawful order. Put national security before your party.
High crimes and Misdemeanors are defined as perjury of oath, abuse of authority, bribery, intimidation, misuse of assets,
I think we all know what the reason is.
Good start now try out a call for a special prosecutor to investigate dealings between the admin and Russian entities
How about host a town hall to talk about this so we re people can have our say
Thank you for your nonpartisanship Senator. Please see to it that this happens. God Bless you.
Again, a good start but keep pushing Senator. There's too much at risk for our democracy to allow partisanship.
Enough talk. Our democracy is at stake. Will you put country over party? It's that simple.
Agreed
Will you demand a special prosecutor and Senate select committee to look into Russia connection & possible obstruction of justice by POTUS?
this is exactly where citizens are.  Special investigators are in order, no ties to prez, or congress. Comedy must testify.
If you listen carefully there have been excl and timing makes perfect sense to me!
Yes, we need answers. Please represent us, your constituents, and demand an independent investigation!
I  urge serious investigation of the Trump-Kremlin relationship, by all means available.  Jim Robinson,  Hyde Park, Cincinnati.
Independent, full investigation, of Trump and his admin Russia ties must commence!! Begin with 10 year tax release!
Yes, please do your due diligence to get to the bottom of the Comey situation.  Please request an independent investigation.
Independent Prosecutor NOW!
Any elected legislator not calling for independent investigation is shirking their responsibility to check power of executive branch
Will you or will you not push for an independent investigation/prosecutor?  Yes or no.
please don't go down that road.  He has every right to fire that crazy Comey.
how about do the right thing and get an independent investigation
A fuller explanation!? Yeah that'll take care of the problem. Hah. Hah.
Country over party. Democracy in danger by autocratic ruler! Special prosecutor please.
You better do something
I agree it looks very suspect.  The rationale is that Coney asked for more money and was probably getting close to the dirty truth about DJT
Special Prosecutor. Special Prosecutor. Special Prosecutor. Special Prosecutor. Special Prosecutor. Special Prosecutor. Special Prosecutor.
We're going to need congressional investigation or you won't have our votes.
call for an independent investigation and stop normalizing all of this.
JOIN THE CALL FOR SPECIAL COUNSEL
please support an independent investigation
A fuller explanation would be forthcoming if you demand an independent investigation.
Many of your constituents really need to hear that;we need men/women of honor to step up for the sake of our country; democracy is in danger
Independent Special Prosecutor
I believe you should demand a special prosecutor to head investigation into #Trumprussia
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862387785096941568 …
Demand an independent investigation.    You can't honestly deny the corruption going on.  Do something now!
You're comments serve as further proof of your incompetence sir. You've completely lost perspective & are siding with left#silentmajority
And you should work towards getting #IndependentInvestigation @OhioDistrict12
Do the right thing. Call for an independent investigation.  What’s left of your integrity is at stake.
Understatement of the day. 44060
Wake up!  He let the Russian press IN THE OVAL OFC but not the US press who he refers to as fake.  This is NOT ok.  Put USA over your party.
Will you call for an independent special counsel to investigate? Your constituents want to know.
Why do politicians always think Pres. Trump has to draw a diagram for them of each decision he makes.  The Am pple stand with him
Stop acting as though this is a typical administration & start standing up for our constitution & country.  #Impeach
Given timing and circumstances of Comey decision, I'll state that all the Trumpskis should resign immediately.
Special prosecutor. The American people deserve an unbiased and non partisan investigation. Not later, but now
Independent investigation! WH, senate, house can't be trusted to handle it. They've proven it over and over.
@senrobportman  we need an independent investigation. I think the WH has had enough time to explain.
I believe we need a special prosecutor and you need to put #CountryOverParty .
@AimeeGilman It's time for an independent investigation of Trump and his ties to Russia.
Independent Special Prosecutor is needed now.
We don't want an explanation from a Prez we don't believe. He stated he had confidence in Flynn & Comey & fired both of them a week later.
Time for country over party, Rob.
Do you really think Comey was really involved in day to day investigation of the Russian allegations?
The investigation would take forever under Comey. There's no reason the new director can't pick up where Comey left off.
Comey should have been fired day one!!
The rational is #Comey pursuing #Russiainvestigation. #DonaldTrump revealed  that he is guilty of something devastating re. #2016elections.
Finally a President with some balls!  Maybe #POTUS can lend you one.
Please demand an independent, bipartisan committee to fully investigate all Trump/Russia ties.
San Bernardino (14,27) dead,injured Orlando (49,53) New Jersey (0,30) Chattanooga (2,2) Columbus (0,11) Ring a bell? All under Comey's eye!
It is time for you to listen to your constituents and demand an independent investigation into Trump/Russia ties. I'm a constituent 44140
A mandate to continue Comey's investigation w/ a special prosecutor would go a long way. Currently have less trust in WH than Comey. 45342
worthless.  Hopefully you're voted out the end of your term.  Unfortunately you bamboozled Ohio and rode Trump's coat tails.
What fantasy world are you living in? WH can't be trusted. Demand independent commission/special prosecutor now! #Trumprussia @OhioDistrict3
More important than an explanation of their rationale is an independent investigation into what they are trying to hide.
You need to start throwing in with McCain and others for a special committee/prosecutor.
