BS  Rob!  It is working for more Ohio families than it doesn't. Wake Up!  You are in the minority.
Working pretty well for me right now. So grateful to have coverage for my kids while I finish school. Please don't take it away!
So glad we could subsidize your healthcare.  Who is going to subsidize mine?
If yr income is low enough you can join me with Medicare. If you make a lot u don't need a subsidy. If in between, advocate for an expansion
Unbelievable
the republican party's healthcare plan is not an improvement, and all smart folks can see that, tax cut for the wealthy isn't better health
Please work on health care. Quit flitting all over the place. That's the elephant in the room; quit ignoring it.
Work on fixing what your constituents don't like about the ACA. Hold a town hall. We'd like to make OUR concerns very clear too
Sad how many socialists we have created. Communism ruins everything; wake up people!!!
Actually it is working Can it be made better yes. Single payer would definitely make it better.
So ur a fraud who voted 4 repeal in '15 but not now when it can actually happen?! Can u refund my vote? #jackass #Obamacare #Ohio #hypocrite
ACA is NOT collapsing. Let the failed narrative go. Stop sabotaging, fund key components, and improve it.
It absolutely IS collapsing take the blinders off.
But, #ObamaCare IS working for many other #Ohio families. That's what you don't want to admit. Quit trying to repeal & work to improve
And it would work even better if not for uncertainty and nonpayments. It's not perfect, but we have to discuss it honestly.
And it is working for many. Fix what isn't working!
Then fix Obamacare.  As you well know the delays and confusion are killing the marketplace.  Repealing it is dead-- fix it
It's clear your not working for Ohio either. Maybe we should get rid of you? I'm sure the insurance industry will give you a soft landing.
Try reading your Tweets, emails, & phone messages. OH voters (to whom you must answer), are benefiting greatly from ObamaCare. DO YOUR JOB!
Unsustainably
But you do nothing about it
Yes your concerns are clear but your intentions on this vote are not. Take a stand.
You have lost confidence from both sides of the aisle. You talk yourself in circles & do nothing to improve our quality of life. #SaveACA

So let's fix it! And stop scaring your constituents with repeal/replace votes. #VoteNo and work to make healthcare affordable and accessible
And also, quit taking away funding 4 it until U have a better plan that will not take away healthcare 4 22 million people by 2026.  #voteno
Sounds like you and @SenSherrodBrown have a few things to discuss about healthcare.  This is a bipartisan issue since it touches everyone!
It should be but the Dems won't participate.
Yes they will. They've been asking for a seat at the table, told no. I'm sure they'll propose a ton of amendments but GOP won't use them.
If YOU had Obamacare you would Repeal FIRST.  Then REPLACE.
I called ur office this am. I only got VM. We are being crushed with premiums & deductibles we can't reach. Enough. Keep ur promise. REPEAL
I suppose the real question is, how many Americans is the GOP willing to murder to make their donors feel like their bribes were well spent?
You're too busy trying to help erase the Obama legacy to help make the ACA work.  Senators and Reps work for THE PEOPLE.
Stop sabotaging and start supporting or expanding ACA! You work for Ohioans not @SenateMajLdr! @SenSherrodBrown wants it to work!
It was a good starting point but now it just need revised.  :)
You are a fool who doesn't listen.  Fix what we have.  Why is that so damn difficult for you to understand.   Oh....you don't really care!
Once again, it is called THE ACA! STOP WITH OBAMACARE! Grow up and act right.
Agreed, degrading and divisive term, meant to pander to GOP?
Except Obama himself stated he liked it being called Obamacare.
could be
Then speak out about a viable solution instead of blindly following McConnell on his power trip to nowhere. #gopfail #trumpcarekills
Please repeal ocare it's destroying American taxpayers
You and your party have had seven years to come up with a good plan. You haven't because the leadership doesn't really care abt issue
They are more worried about tax cuts for the wealthy than health care.
That's so old a saw, you can't give tax cuts to the poor they aren't paying any.
So work with Dems to fix it. Vote NO on repeal! I need my Medicaid!
Then vote it out.  But you won't. Someone has some skeleton in your closet on you.  Chicken . Your a coward.  You did nota
THEN REPEAL OBAMA CARE !!
then work to fix it or be really brave and lead to single payer. For profit insurance is the enemy, not your constituents.
The #ACA is working for many. Help the Dems make it work for all in #Ohio. @SenSherrodBrown is willing.
It's your fault...don't continue with this  moral deficiency  #SaveACA
Repeal ACA NOW! We never needed healthcare reform. We need insurance reform and control. Look at ite problem that way and it simple.
It's not be about making sure the insurance CEOs make huge salaries but driving down costs by clearing obstacles to free/fair competition
If you listen to your constituents, you'll see that it is working very well for most of us. But you only listen to Mitch McConnell.
It is working for my family and #SmallBiz.
Work with Dems to get ACA better.
You were on the committee for BCRA-where you stand is clear!
#RepealObamaCare
Then why are you against repeal? Liberal! We're sick of it ! Do your job. Repeal Obama Care. Stand with our President!
If you care about our healthcare, stop saying that ObamaCare isn't working and start working on a bipartisan plan to make it better.
Not working because you all will not drop the repeal aspect and work with Democrats to fix the real problems of Obamacare
you say it isn't working and you are voting to keep it, what does that make you? Get that donor money and go on vacation.
If after 7 years you don't have a better plan, we need to look to single payer. Or, maybe the GOP didn't do their homework over that time?
Hold insurance companies accountable. Mandates gave them more "well" customers and they claim they are failing.
Imagine if the GOP took the time and energy they spent destroying a HC plan b/c it wasn't theirs and put it into making it better instead.
You are literally saying saving money is more important than saving LIVES. Get off social media - u are embarrassing Ohio. #QuitYourJobRob
How about trying to improve it?
Don't vote for repeal. Think about the people instead of party. We will remember who took our healthcare away!
Please work with senate dems to tweak the ACA instead of insisting on this childish repeal/replace effort
But it is working for many other Ohio families. Why don't you sit down with @SenSherrodBrown to work on filllimg gaps instead of pulling rug
Instead of starving the ACA to death, please collaborate with Democrats to nourish it, Senator.
And we have made our concerns very clear too. Like why are we the only #FirstWorld  country without #SinglePayer  or #UniversalHealthcare?
It's shameful that those who work for a living can't now afford insurance. We have supported you in vane.
So why haven't you worked to fix it ? Too hard? Much easier to destroy than build. SAD
Your party has done everything it can to make it fail. Try making it succeed. That's what the people want.

Sorry @senrobportman. Your constituents in OH need #healthcare and #HealthCareReform. We don't need #trumpcare that will be #wealthcare.
That @senrobportman - a master at staying on both sides of an issue.  Now that is talent- or not...
Please, open your heart & mind to something besides this tired, old party line that you keep repeating.
You and the GOP have no one to blame but themselves. The party of No to the party of Go? I don't think so. Policy craft is hard.
Fix what's already in place. It's faster and far more cost effective than starting over.
Your views are interesting but what makes a diff is Your plan in writing that tells us how you want to fix it
Ohioans do not believe the ACA is the problem. It is repairable. 17% of Ohioans agree with repealing.
Yes, it is.  Stop putting your party ahead of the good of Ohio citizens.
Prior to PPACA insurance companies were not working in the interest of insureds. They are gluttons just like Trump and his gang of thugs!
Universal care for all. Be a leader and support that. Get $ out of politics. Cut insurance greed out of the equasion. #UniversalHealthCare
Just like you not working for Ohio families
You don't want it to work or you would try to help Ohioans get access to affordable health care.
Soooo...fix it.  Don't sabotage it!
So many unsupportive responses here. Maybe it's time you start to listen, Rob. Do your job. Your bosses are getting pissed off.
What about our concerns, Senator? Have other Ohioans asked you to repeal or just a fix? Maybe an open town hall will clear this up.
Well so far any replacement doesn't work for your constituents who elected you, so join forces and fix the ACA! We are watching!
It can't work when administration undermines it.
Working better than nothing , come on @senrobportman
Why are you still hiding behind #Twitter   Hold a TOWNHALL Meeting.
What are you doing about getting the ACA fixed then?
Being self employed for many years, affordable access has meant so much to my family. We should not be forced to work for a huge company 4 =
We'd all like the same healthcare plan you and your pals have.  Sounds like you've exempted us from quality care - not the other way around.
But repealing it with out having an ACCEPTABLE alternative won't help. Work together for Gods sake
But it could if you just fix it!
Ohio has a law on the books where citizens r not required 2 participate n government controlled insurance n any way, yet we r forced 2.
We voted government controlled health insurance down after 0bamacare was passed, and we were still forced to participate.
Quit whining and start working with Dems to fix.
Your party has made it not work. This is reversible, though. Stop trying to kill Americans by taking away their health care.
It works for most. it can be fixed for the rest
So fix what is wrong with it. Make ACA work for small businesses. Try to cover more and lower premiums. Medicare buy in?
On track for record enrollment until sabotaged.
Well at least ole spineless Rob, you don't have to embarrass yourself by voting the party line right now, but I'm sure you will later!
You also made clear that you would repeal the bill. You have failed us.
How do you propose to fix it?
You have made your concerns clear? That's just great. How about doing something other than expressing your concerns?
Its working better than that abomination you created in secret with the GOP. Couldnt even bring it to a vote...
So get a bit partisan fix. Simple as that. Work together.
But it is also working for other Ohio families, as well.
Concerns yes, solutions not so much
Stop saying that! That's not completely true! U sound like broken record!  Where r the woman working with u? Exactly! Sorry no trust in u !
Why don't you talk to people in Ohio with preexisting conditions,  and listen to their stories.
We know it's not working because you & fellow GOP sabotaged it from the beginning. #GOP motto: Party & CEO's before Country.
Then work with Democrats to fix it. Be a hero. Don't repeal it and leave 33 million to hang.
Fraud.
Please work to FIX the ACA. People like me rely on it, don't just take our healthcare away
Lose the idea that people need to get rich off people's suffering. Do what's right. Let's care for our people; ALL of them.
View the original draft of the ACA, PLEASE! So many amendments that made it this way that could be reversed. Cap pharma salaries, med ads
We have asked you for a #townhall in person. We are concerned that everyone have #Healthcare . Use your power to help your constituents!
You have created your concerns.  Well done!  Way to try to destroy the ACA.  This is on you, the GOP and POTUS.  Now reach across the aisle.
Own it and fix it #trumpcarefail
Go play some golf with Jack and sling your BS to him
And Obama made clear what needed to be fixed before he left office, too.  Most programs like this need modifying after launch.
Why not mention the Ohio families it does work for? I guess if you're a hard working person who doesn't own a business you don't matter.
So much this!! I have a story, too, Rob. I have children who are alive and we're looking forward to continuing their treatments.
Please work with Dems to shore up ACA.
Why do you care?  You have excellent healthcare as a Senator.
Thank you for resisting the Senate Leaderships to revive the 2015 measure. I trust you will vote against a motion to proceed on it.
Yes it's needs fixing it doesn't need replacing , stability and a commitment to its success is what it needs. The GOP has worked at
Work on fixing it. Don't allow the government to purposely sabotage it so that millions of Americans are hurt.
But sir, it's helped many families & saved lives. Pls. admit that so that we know you are sincere in working on a plan to help all Ohioans.
Then vote to FIX it.
If you insist on calling it "Obamacare" then you better fucking call your plan "Trumpcare" after your president
If you can't figure out how to fix it perhaps you should resign and we will find someone who can!
https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-trump-administrations-own-data-says-obamacare-isnt-imploding/amp/ …  

Here's some data you may find useful
did you make your voice heard to @SenateMajLdr ? Stop partisanship and reach across isle to fix! No one said it was perfect
So help fix the problem! It's called #MedicareForAll !!!
As you said earlier you can't put people off coverage, Anthem has said it's difficult for them to know what to do with all customers.
im sure kaisch had to use money from the state budget to help medicad and counties in ohio have no insurers
Then fix it. #44236
So fix it!
As a healthcare provider, I can tell you you're wrong. It IS working for many who had gone w/out care for too long.
thoughts about lack of coverage in rural Ohio? Skyrocketing costs?
"and I ignored them when writing legislation"
Fix it, don't repeal it!
@IndivisibleOH8 One side of the coin Senator. How about the many Ohio families that the ACA is helping? Let's be honest, & tell whole story.
So FIX it.   Don't throw it out.  STAND UP.
Please stop playing political football with this. It's obvious that people want the ACA, w/ improvements. Accept it, and do your job.
you have made it clear that you accept bribes for votes. You don't give a damn about the people in your state
Fund the CSR's/other components to stabilize. Provide a public option for choice/competition. And work with Dems to improve ACA.
Then you work to FIX it...don't you dare repeal it and take away healthcare from people who desperately need it!
Working for this family, sir.
After all, you're meant to serve us, NOT Mitch or Don
So, by hiding really showed who you are Senator. You are supposed to fight for the best option for us, you dropped the ball. Coward!
If you vote next week..to repeal with no replace, it will tell me..you are a shill for the Republican Party. Ohioans need a new senator.
Then why on earth are you not interested in bipartisan fixes to the ACA?
Can u imagine being the hero who led a group of truly selfless politicians who did whatwas best 4the majority & not the minority? HISTORICAL
Please Senator. Stop embarrassing yourself and work to fix this Heritage Found. Inspired work that uses capitalist principles. Or move on
Please work on a bipartisan solution as Governor Kasich suggests.  We Ohioans want to  keep the gains that have been made, not go backwards
Stabilize and fix the markets!
Name one thing in your years in office that you did to try to make Obamacare work? Just one. You don't get to lecture us if you didn't.
I second this senator Portman.  All the GOP has done is try to block ACA from success.
Thirded!
If u ran on repeal, than u won on repeal. U will lose if u don't repeal it.
So fix it.
Shut up!!!!!
U voted for repeal in 2015. U lied to us.
Then reach across the aisle and work with your blue colleagues and fix it.  Simple.
Did they reach across with aca?
Get Ohioans the same healthcare you've got as a senator.  Why haven't you fought for this?
If it isnt working for Ohio, Y wont U back the repeal.
Because the repeal hurts more Ohioans than it helps.
Multimillionaire @senrobportman wants to STEAL healthcare from 32 million Americans & double your premiums to give TAX CUTS to the RICH!!!

Is a better plan to pull the rug out from under the greater population or to fix what isn't working? Why must it be all or nothing?
Every alternative just benefits big pharmacy/medical. These families you speak of would be worse without insurance
So let's fix it. Reach across the aisle and work in OUR best interest instead of kowtowing to the party's agenda.
When do dems reach across the aisle
Please. Dig up the clip of Mitch McConnell saying he'd never work w/Dems. But ACA was open and allowed & included Rep amendments
"We have to pass the bill to see what's in it"
You mean it's not working for YOU and your party so you and your corporate masters can't profit from it. Stop lying
If you really wanted to help you'd support Medicare for all. Vote no on any #ACA repeal.
So please work with Dems to fix it. No one is trying to say it is perfect, it needs to be fixed and we need Repubs and Dems to work together
You said it!
Partisan HC legislation does not work
http://www.npr.org/2017/06/19/533556278/alaska-governor-raises-concerns-about-republican-health-care-efforts …
Then why aren't you voting to repeal it?
Your commitment to healthcare as a human right is laudable. I look forward to your fighting for a single payer, Medicaid for all, system.
trumpcare and repeal with no replacement won't help people in Ohio
And neither will repealing it!  We keep asking you… What do you have that better?
Yes, yes, yes.  Now, moving on -
Republicans have helped no one by lying & blaming President Obama for a healthcare law that helps millions of people.
I guess you weren't gifted w/ $1,200 month & $10K deductible Bronze plan; ACA is epic #fail full repeal now!
Then fix it you frickin idio+! That's what the people want!!!

THE WORLD IS WATCHING! YOU ARE FAILING YOUR CONSTITUENTS, @senrobportman !

@NOFAindivisible , @maddow…
