And YOU must stand up for our children and our public schools. Vote NO on Betsy DeVos! #dumpdevos #Ohio #education 44224
I still call every day, but he'll vote her in. She paid for his vote. $51,000. Shameful. He's not for the people.
Although I hope he proves me wrong!
Our values would require you listen to your constituents, bro. Can I call you bro, @senrobportman? Would it help you to listen to us?
https://twitter.com/MikeforWI/status/828205528367116288 …

You could learn a thing or two from this gentleman.
No moral equivalence between America--leader of the free world/greatest country on Earth--and Putin's violent, autocratic, & corrupt Russia https://twitter.com/DavidAFrench/status/828077078788579328 …
Your party leader, 45, is not standing up for American values. What are you doing about that? He makes excuses for Putin.

When has a Democratic political activists been poisoned by the GOP, or vice versa? We are not the same as #Putin. MR
Apparently your values don't include public education. Please reconsider your vote on DeVos.
You're right, we do need to stand up for our values. So stand up for our students and say NO to @BetsyDeVos. #Unqualified
WTF?U.S.values are SAME?? as #Ukraine regime that honor Nazis that helped #Hitler EXTERMINATE #Jews & #Russians during WWII??
Russian propagandists aren't particularly talented when it comes to Photoshop.
@MollyMcKew Then stop being complicit w/ Russian asset Pretend POTUS aka Putin's bitch. Overwhelming evidence. @Khanoisseur
@mykpy #GOP should take charge while #POTUS is admiring the perpetrator
RU Sanctions need to be INCREASED!
1) Increased Fighting Ukraine
2) Humanitarian slaughter Allepo
3) Cyberattack Election USA
*You* must resolve to stand with your constituents. Vote NO DeVos. 45415 #DumpDevos #Ohioiswatching #CountryOverParty
One of our values is education for everyone which is at risk w DeVos. Please stand up for #Ohio public ed and vote #NotoDeVos
Russia has not escalated ANY violence in Ukraine. The whole world knows that Kiev are bombing innocent people. The games up !
Your parallel universe in Novosibirsk must be crazy.
Not going to happen as long as Donald Trump is Putin's Puppet.
@JWGOP pay attention to @POTUS interview with Fox then. He's not going to stand up to #Russia Its your job to stop him now
Agree. So you must also be willing to stand up to trump/Putin
Bit disingenuous to criticize Russia when you just approved Tillerson, Mr. Friend of Russia, who will likely end sanctions
show how much you value Ohioans, our children & our education system. Vote NO on Betsy DeVos prove that $51K didn't buy you
if you are listening to the people you represent you would not vote for DeVos! #she's totally unqualified!
We all know that. It's our president who doesn't. When do you stand up and hold him accountable?
Thank you Senator Portman. WRT Ukraine, Mr. Trump would do well to pay attention to your very good advice..
The same way you'll stand against DeVos?
@PputinFederast While the So-called US president appears on Fox News tomorrow praising Russian dictator-for-life Putin.
you sir are part if the problem!  Where is your humanity!!!????
What about the American value of providing children with a quality public education? #noDevos #PortmanForSale
@JWGOP when are you going to investigate Russia meddling in our election?
Stand up for values and our kids by voting NO for DeVos. List is too long for a tweet but you know it's right thing to do.
stand up to trump. Instead sanctions on Russia reduced. Show some leadership. Do something. This is not normal.
we stand up by standing against you.  You are horrible for ohio
tell Putin's puppet and Pres Bannon that. oh nevermind, all GOP r an extention of this crazy man.
NO on DeVos!
Tell it to President Putin Puppet.
@JWGOP Tell your REPUBLICAN President. Make no mistake, a silent GOP owns every damn thing he does. #2018 #coward
@RealCrimea will you Sen Portman or just Tweet?  How about stand up to Trump and Putin not just Tweeting.
lets stand up against what Trump is doing also , Trump is a liar &there are fascist in the W H , also vote no on Devos
Sort of like, how you need to defend your constituents & vote no on Devos! 2018 is tick, tick, ticking! We are watching you!!
All the dark money in the world won't defend you at the ballot box. We aren't  green & we AREN'T for sale!!!2018 is up to us!
How about standing up to Putin's poodle in the WhiteHouse? #investigatetrump
@JWGOP Here's an idea. Send Trump a message that you are serious by voting against DeVos.
Uh, it's no coincidence this is happening now.  You know, after the phone call.  Do your job and investigate.
@MollyMcKew  Public aren't buying your Russophobia any more.
"Russaphobis" must be as real as the Bowling Green Massacre.
@JWGOP No on Devos or it will be no on you!
where is your Bill for more sanction against Russia?  Actions not Words!
Trump has abandoned them for Oil in the Arctic.
@JWGOP Dude. Stand up to your party's leader. Many Americans from both sides of aisle will have your back if you do.
Trump is a Russian asset. To stand up for Ukraine, you must first stand up to the traitor in the Whitehouse
@JWGOP  this is a welcome beginning to doing what is right. More please and thank you.
then why approve Tillerson?
no on DeVos, do what's right for our country and our state.
Senator: Oppose Russia and the Putin friends in US govt, regardless of what position they may hold.

Ohio will thank you.
Thats right Senator! But dont pick and choose those American values. Vote NO on Betsy DEVOS! 43202
and you need to stand up and vote no on DeVos.
. You are talking to the choir, need to be talking to the new adm.
instead of tweeting things about stuff you don't control how about you respond to your constituents who are saying #DumpDevos
Let's talk about it at a town hall in Ohio!
A vote for Devos is a vote for Trump and that's a vote for Russia.
how about standing up for democracy, not autocracy, at home? Senator:  you're better than this.
thank you for speaking up.   We need all phone calls from WH to Russia/Putin be recorded
one of our values is we offer a public education to our children. #noDevos
on this we agree. Now, vote no on devos
your voters want you to stand up for what's important in Ohio. Our schools and our children NEED your resolve. #DumpDevos
stand up for OUR PUBLIC SCHOOLS #NotoDeVos
.@senrobportman: what values? #Education? A #FreePress? #Peace? Or a govt run by #WallStreet?
What do you mean by resolve?  Do you understand the irony involved in using hedge language to call for action? #resist
and our children's education?

and you must step down. You continue to refuse your constituents, you've been bought. You are corrupt! #DumpPortman
By "American resolve" I guess you're not referring to yourself, since you're rubberstamping all the atrocious cabinet picks
use this same enthusiasm to support Ohio public schools. Vote no on Betsy DeVos.
My point exactly Senator. I hope you will say so in the face of @POTUS lack of response. Your job is to represent us.
SHOW SOME GUTS; REJECT BETSY DEVOS FOR EDUCATION SECRETARY. She knows nothing about public education, except as an investor.
We the people are sick and tired chasing false "resolve" fueled by lies
I agree but why don't you stand up to Trump? What does this tweet even mean?
Tell your president. No to DeVos.
You're right but you support a president who's ties bind him to Putin. I don't see you standing for American values. @OHDems
Too bad you don't consider supporting public education to be an "American value."  @OhioPEP @OH3Voters @SenSherrodBrown
.@senrobportman what abt Russia winning the White House? Putin & Bannon wont stand up for our values. #StandUp #PeopleOverParty #Allpeople
your constituents are watching you. Stand up for us and our values. Vote NO on DeVos. 45036
then why do you support the plant in the White House?
for God's sake quit blustering you windbag!  You lost ALL credibility when you sided with trump.
stand up for our values and vote no on DeVos!
#POTUS  and #RexTillerson are in bed with #Putin so how is #USA going to do that? You voted for Rex. Why don't u stand up.
the escalation of rights taken away by this regime are alarming. Aren't you worried about that? #NoBanNoWall
and POTUS's escalation of assault on the constitution must be met w/ American resolve. What side are you on @senrobportman ?
And while we're standing up for things, how about you stand up to the GOP and vote #noDevos ?
good luck with that with #PutinPuppet in the WH Trump has RESOLVED to help Vlad as much as poss
Your vote for Betsy Devos is a conflict of interest after acceping $51k from her.  You work for us...VOTE NO!
Bef we do that I think sen rep and congress must stand with our president 
And must met with that .
Stand up for American children and vote no on DeVos!! #noDevos
DeVos put a 51k value on you. Who else owns a part?
@byrdinator what are you advocating the US do?
Maybe suggest that to the president who seems fine with it, probably even approves.
Good luck with that, Trump is sympathetic with Russia and will stand with them against all human comprehension.
words are cheap, senator.  We are waiting for you to act
get that fascist out of office first!  Please, for our country!
Talk to your buddy Trump. He seems to see things differently than you. Or are you afraid to speak against him?
Voting to confirm cabinet appointees who bribe, lie, &/or aren't qualified: American values, or just Republican corruption?
Stand up to Trump. Hostilities restarted hours after he talked to Putin. Investigate Russian interference in our elections
I'll bet you're just dying to know what was said in Trump's off the record call with Putin the day before the attacks started
haven't you heard? Our "president" is BFFs with Russia's president now
Trump is in debt to Putin. Trump will never go against him.  If trump wants to disprove this release the taxes.
I hope you have the courage to do what's right, when the time becomes obvious. 
for sale 51,000.00!  Sold to Betsy Devos!
please stand for public education in the USA. Vote no on Betsy DeVoss.  We must stand for our values
Please stop hiding from your constituents and then tweeting half-hearted affirmations of our democracy.  FIGHT.
PLEASE vote against Betsy DeVos. On behalf of your constituents, have a conscience & not give in to greed! #StopDeVos
on this we agree. Guessing our so-called president won't support this
Stand up for values? You spineless Trump apologist
why can't to stand up for your constituents' children if you care for values NO DEVOS
It's past time to check & investigate the executive. What are you waiting for?
you should stand up to the Trump regime if you really want to stand for American values.
Yes, This!
