Sen. Portman you break my heart! Why haven't you talked about how much Donald Trump has lied to us?
come on buddy...you know he doesn't think he reps all of us.
he won't
naive
Me too. But if he doesn't, I hope that you examine which side of history you're going to be affiliated.
look at his cabinet and exec orders.   No effort whatsoever
How does screening constituents from your events who are registered Democrats help bring a divided nation together?
isn't that taxation without representation?
he did not seize the opp & instead continued march to destroy this country. Stop supporting him please. Do what is right.
Thanks for the laugh.  His only intention is to create a bigger divide.
you won't meet with us and refund purchased tickets. You had a chance to bring us together but want DJT to do it?? Good grief
Leopards don't change their spots. Neither will @POTUS , @realDonaldTrump
accountability is not your strong suit Rob
if someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
he is the reason the nation is divided. BTW you are a close second!
and if they continue to act like kids, roll over them. Just get the job done. They can thank you later.
Suggests threats against JCCs are false flag by Dems & has not condemned KS hate crime. Not likely to bring nation together.
it will take more than a somewhat respectable presentation to mend the damage @realDonaldTrump has done
You didn't care that it was divided last year when you refused to vote on Obama's #SCOTUS pick.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 45 doesn't believe in unification.  He only wants division. #RESISTANCE
I'm listening to the speech.  I don't hear him talking about bringing us together. Just what a shithole he inherited.
don't hold your breath
he won't. You are in his pocket #sad
after all the division, it will take more than a speech.
I pray he does, but I fear it will only lead to more distrust, alienation, and self promotion.
i will skip it.  He is only going to tell us how he won bigly!!
We will choose to be divided instead of joining forces with Russia and you should too.
Maybe you could promote unity by not screening democrats out of your meetings.
Right. Just like he also has the chance to finish what he started and tear it to pieces permanently.
I hope so but I doubt it.
lol
Funny
You as my representative should be protesting trump's behavior and actions.
By being less racist? By dropping ties to Russia? By releasing his tax returns? By taking responsibility for military losses?
why don't you seize the opportunity to listen to ALL your constituents? A town hall is democracy in action. #TownHall #OH12
@StephMcMurphy #noamnesty #noimmigrationreform
good luck.  2022
and if he doesn't, will you continue to be his pawn?
.@senrobportman lmao
.@senrobportman "... but when he doesn't, I still won't do anything of substance to oppose him."
good luck with that.
as a start, Ohioans would like a sensible ACA replacement which doesn't leave 700k Ohioans uninsured. Please pass to potus.
only some serious backing down on his most controversial decisions thus far can do that. Will you tell him for Ohioans?
When is your town hall for unity, Senator?
how by taking money and voting party line like you No Thanks!
lol.
haha I hope I win lottery someday too.
As you've shown him how much you care about all your constituents, I'm sure he won't disappoint you any more than you've us.
I hope so too but you haven't yet why would he. investigate Russian connection and hate crimes
I mean... You could at least pretend by holding a townhall...
And you know... Not turn dems away at the door... Like with that dinner Bob
If he doesn't, are you prepared to hold his feet to the fire? The Senate must not be a rubber stamp for any Chief Executive.
but what will YOU do to bring us together?
I am not optimist because he lied during Fox interview earlier blaming generals for seal death and 44 for protests/leaks.
then I hope someone NOT from his administration writes the speech.
Don't hold your breath! ... and again as a constituent I will work against you! I'm a very patient woman!
Unless he quits, I doubt it.
Do you seriously not care about this country?!
I'm with you. doing my best to remain positive - I hope he hears YOU and voices like this.
Nothing 45 says could change anything. #Investigate and #Impeach
Someone best remind him *not* to bring gasoline and matches to the bridge-building then.
Nice representation of what it has felt like -I watched inauguration with honest open hope- Burned-to-the-ground.
rob just stop. U are making yourself look like a fool. He has opened to many wounds. Can't run from this #russiagate #resist
Don't hold your breath.
That's what I said! I like the way you think!
You should pray.  There's no hope left.
By resigning?
Thank you for your lack of leadership on this
lol
quite certain he won't even try

