what did congress do to try to improve the ACA after implimentation . & if nothing why not?.Nothing is perfect at first .
Congress failed to help the plan after it was implemented. When did any bill just go into effect and not tweek it. Nothing works that way.
The Congress is what is failing to meet promises!  Status Quo is going back to pre-ACA.  Your replacement is moving us backwards!
What are all of the recovered addicts going to do for care? You don't go from addiction to six figures. Screwing over the poor makes addicts
We hope you're reading the dissent here, because you're not meeting with us.
RP pls b sure the Senate version of the AHCA is not be rushed through. We the People must have time to read and analyze it.
Sadly, you're like all republicans. You sabotage the ACA because of the color of the hand that signed it. You're all frauds!
Did Anthem pull out of Ohio because of...
The Senate version of the AHCA must not be rushed through. We the People must have time to read and analyze it. #ShowUsTheBill
The ACA is only failing because @GOP refuses to fix and fund it. The House version of the AHCA is not acceptable.
with the opioid crises in OH, you must stand against trump sabotage & put country first.trump's actions & GOP lock-step=WRONG
Your FB town hall was a sham.  No questions were answered.  When will you meet with us face to face?
You have failed in you responsibility to your constituents. Country over party.
Fraud.
Anthem left the Ohio exchange because of the instability Republicans have caused by threatening to cut funding for subsidies. You caused it.
Congress has been sabotaging the ACA SINCE THE BEGINNING. Don't repeal, improve!
And the Republican plan passed by the House is worse.  What are you doing about it?  All we see is polarizing tweets!!!
And if you read the article in Dayton Daily News, you'd see Anthem pointed to the GOP plan to repeal!  What are you doing Senator???
We have the lowest number of uninsured ever because of the #ACA! U r trying to destroy that progress, sacrificing lives,for political gain
and making healthcare mor inaccessible fixes that how exactly?
Republicans already changed the status quo by throwing the insurance markets into disarray, causing rates to skyrocket.
The ACA needed improvements not sabotage. Republicans are failing us with poor TrumpCare plan.
This is due to the republicans failure to support ACA. Now they tear it down and bury what should of been a workable health care system
Then tweek it and fix it. Quit BS-ing about "repeal". Work with Dems and get a goddamn deal done. No GOP-only plan thus far worth crap!
Your statements always appear naive to me.
BS
And what's the alternative? Certainly not the horrendous plan the House dropped on your desk.
Shamefully dishonest tweet, Rob.
Maybe bc prez is threatening to defund!
CBO says it's pretty good. How many more will be insured in the GOP plan again?
Stop blaming Obama, at least he did something. The GOP had time since Clinton left office to introduce healthcare if you had really cared!
stop lying & do your job for our State
What is your idea? What is your answer to this dilemma? Not being able to pay the bill shouldn't mean a death sentence.
Cincinnati Children's Hospital will lay off employees when you pass Trumpcare. Think about that when you vote.
I believe AARP. I do not believe u. Trumpcare is a tax cut for the rich not a promised fix for average people.
Update the ACA instead of repeal and replace.  Find common ground for once.
If you really cared about Ohioans you would guarantee healthcare for all. Not ACCESS either but actual healthcare. #MedicareForAll
One simple question. Is healthcare a right or a luxury?
The reason: health care ceo's raising dediculous pricds and government not working for the people.
Repealing it will hurt us far more than the ACA ever did. Make what we've got better, don't cut off our noses to spite our faces.
You lie.The CBO stated that the marketplace has stabilized, it is #GOP sabotage that is creating problems for insurance companies.
The ACA is being sabotaged by GOP instead of fixing problem areas. Stop gaslighting.
Then Get To Work and Fix it!!
And where is your solution?....
So... what are you gonna do about it? This is a nothing tweet dude, offering zero solutions. It's easy to criticize ain't it
I'd like to see pharmaceutical companies not be allowed to advertise and jack up prices!!
It's not Obamacare.  It's outrageous insurance company prices and the govt not doing anything but lining their own pockets!
@senrobportman stop playing politics- help fix the problems and stop the sabotaging
AHCA aka Wealthcare is not the answer!! Get off your ass and get 'er done!
stop blaming Obamacare! trump, and repubs have been in control for over 100 days, this is YOUR rodeo now Rob!
So quit complaining about the previous admin and FIX IT.  The #AHCA falls short.
Parroting MCCONNELL. Your constituents are not dumb. They know the Republicans in Congress have caused this crisis.
They'll pulling out because you sabotaged it! You're a farce.
No.  You, this President & the current GOP are what's unsustainable.  ACA can be improved by transitioning to single payer.  Trumpcare DOA.
Hope your constituents enjoy their opioids addictions and lack of health care to help. Maybe they'll throw you out then#impeach
Then why not fix it? Do not dismantle what was actually a Republican plan to begin with. Your party is too petty for words.
If the ACA isn't working the fix it. Don't destroy it. Or just get single payer like the rest of the civilized world.
The current administrations is failing to keep promises that were made to insurance companies to keep our markets stable.
Rob took $1.4 million from the insurance companies. He only votes for their interests, not ours.  How about working to fix the ACA?
No. The GOP has failed to meet promises, and worked diligently to sabotage the ACA instead of trying to improve it. There. Fixed it for you.
If only there were some way to improve healthcare.  Oh wait, we did. It's Obamacare you noob.
They're pulling out cause of people like you who think pulling out is better, the UNCERTAINTY, wake up
Time for single payer universal healthcare
Shame on Ohio for voting this evil clown as your Senator
As your constituent, the AHCA is completely unacceptable. Medicaid must be protected. People with preexisting conditions must be protected.
I sure hope that means you’re not planning to sign off on the ridiculous AHCA when it comes up for a vote.
I would beg to disagree.
Umm Rob... At least promise #Obamacare made wasn' the top 1% get a $37,000 tax cut while premiums go up and 23 million people lose coverage.
No, it hasn't! Work on the insurance premium financing -- leave the mandates and coverage of pre-existing conditions alone! Don't obfuscate!
We understand what you are attempting to do - eliminating Medicaid expansion to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy.
You only do what is best for you and your party not what is best for the American people.
I hope you in the Senate are going to get off your butts and replace obama care
#Obamacare has helped many, many Americans. Work to revise and improve it rather than replace it with a poor plan that cuts coverage.
Trump and the GOP have WORKED at sabbatoging O'care for years now.  YOU are responsible for insurance companies pulling out.
And the GOP solution which you have 7 years to construct is?
What are you doing to fund it?! Nothing! You're too busy doing photos with Girl Scouts and touting it all over Twitter
The fund to help insurance companies that loose $ should be RESTORED and well funded.  That would fix many problems. Original plan was good
Don't set a lifetime CAP on benefits or decrease subsidies.  Don't gut medicaid either.
So your idea of an improvement is to have the elderly pay 4x more?
No one cares about a clunky website. We DO care about receiving good affordable healthcare.  ACA has offered that 2 me and 2 many. 43221
And the plan the house passed doesn't much better, if they Senate plan is not an improvement then keep#Obamacare
#AHCA is worse
And yet in six years the GOP has come up with NOTHING even remotely close to better. Insurance is hard. Who knew?
Can we fix what's wrong? Why not subsidize insurers to come in to smaller markets. Fed govt has to help make that possible.
Before you take any action, host a Town Hall. This issue is 2 important for you 2 ignore the people. In some cases lives hang in the balance
Anthem has made it clear that the current admin’s waffling on CSRs is to blame for this, not #Obamacare
bull shit
Because @GOP work to undermine it.
You confuse government inaction with failed policy. It's a federal program, you're the federal government.
Everyday it's politics over people, isn't it, Rob?
GOP sabotage is the reason!  For 7 years the GOP has done nothing to improve our healthcare.  Didn't even bother to come up with a plan #sad
You are failing us!
Then come up with something that'll work. Cuz @POTUS ain't gonna do it.  Think single payer.  Now get back to us when you've got something.
Your failure of a party kept those promises from being met.
Oh wait... wasn't #Obamacare once #Romneycare ?  It was a #Republican plan until R's decided to use it against D's.  #bipartisanship #Ohio
Ohio expanded Medicaid under the ACA. Going along with #Trumpcare will leave 100s of thousands in your state without adequate cov & service
Quit trying to break #Obamacare & get on to more important things. @GOP partisan obsession w/ undermining @BarackObama has gone far enough!
ACA hasn't failed. GOP and insurance companies are the culprits. Please stop lying. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
That's all you and your party, crook.
Republicons prevented Dems from implementing health reform in 1993. You've done nothing but obstruct since. You are literally killing people
You do plenty of lip service & photo ops pretending to care about opioid crisis, yet support defunding critical services and access to care

@ASlavitt Retweet-This part of my speech-Explains how Medicaid helps complex kids & #AHCA harms the most vulnerable 
we keep voting him back in office..
Ohio's cost went 1.5% this year.  Kasich has tried to make it work-he has not sabotaged it like most GOP Governors across the country.
Fix ACA or better yet go to a one payer system Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices Trumpcare is an abomination!
If everyone in Ohio was in the #ACA pool they'd have very affordable and comprehensive coverage - better than any employer could do
This is Rob letting us all know that he plans on voting "yes" for AHCA.  Couldn't care less about the devastation it will cause.  WWJD?
You're ridiculous. Tell us about YOUR ideas in a public meeting do we can share our thoughts!
Why does the tax code give a tax free benefit to employees who have their health insurance paid by the employer?  Unfair and inconsistent
Anthem said they'll pull out because they can't trust you and the Republicans to pay them what's owed for coverage.
ObamaCare isn't failing. You and your ilk are killing it for spite and God will judge you very severely for harming the poor.
folks like Portman don't fear God, they fear losing their plush jobs. Status quo in our government is unsustainable and he needs voted out.
that's disengenuous...the structural problem is too few in the pools.  Refusal to support needed changes is the problem #fixdontreplace
They failed to meet them because YOU made SURE that they would, Obamacare was working DESPITE YOU who should have been supporting it!
But maybe I just need to try meth .. then someone will care 
Oh yeah, I work 14 hours a day 6 days a week so .... WE are the ones being left behind sir
DUDE, YOU CAN'T KEEP RUNNING ON BLACK PRESIDENT HATE. IT WON'T RESONATE WITHOUT A BLACK PRESIDENT.
Yes, ACA needs improvements, but it's better than what we had before! You can fix it immediately issues guaranteeing CSR payments.
Then take time & listen to experts & the people. Think of everyone, esp. those most in need, not just the rich who'll pay fewer taxes.
Your job is to serve and protect Ohioans like me. ACA & Medicaid expansion help so many & poll well across parties. Don't destroy—amend.
Shoot—autocorrect messed up my 1st tweet, but thankfully the message still gets across: #payCSRpayments #stabilizeACA
Medicare for all. Medical care is a right.
Anthem specifically sited @Potus unpredictability on meeting the law's requirements as a core issue. Why obfuscate reality to constituents?
Fix the ACA.
Portman you have zero support on this read the replies.
You've had 8 years to work with Dems to improve ACA-you have failed Ohio.
Not to mention , smart enough to stay off meth! Seems to me , if I was on meth you might care more
Try aiming your help toward full time working family's with one child that still can't afford to live like you
So vote for a CLEAN REPEAL, like you and your party have promised voters you would do for 7 years.
Senator, Medicare for all. It works. Don't blame Obamacare; insurers know the GOP is destroying it, so they are pulling out.
Surprised you aren't doing private PG town halls or more pharmaceutical private town halls in expensive no peasant Ohioans allowed venues
ACA has been a lifesaver for millions. Thanks Pres Obama. Trumpcare=deathcare.
You've put the interests of 400 families ahead of 1M Ohioans. Your action on healthcare will be an albatross that hangs around your neck.
Holes , proclaiming what the American people need , when they don't even listen to us or give a town hall
BS. It was an improvement over what we had, but we have to do more. GOP is headed the wrong direction - we NEED single-payer.
Pretty sure WE the people know what is going on more than you do . After all, you haven't given us a chance to speak . So tired of rich
I guess it's time for single-payer, universal healthcare, eh Bob?
YES!
Quit playing political football with people's lives.  The GOP is complicit in this. Quit tweeting and FIX it.  Quit talking repeal and FIX!
Republucan rinos didn't do their job for those who elected them. Quit putting all the blame on Obama, who I detest
Wake up, Senator. Insurance companies are pulling out because federal govt refuses to to help pay costs throwing it back to states.Your ball
He thinks his constituents are dumb. He has such little faith in them that he believes they will fall for his lies.
I was on obamacare for a year before I was old enough to get medicare. Now Trump wants the states to pay so he can buy more planes and guns
The ACA has made our lives better in every possible way. We have health care! Good health care. Single mom, handicapped child. Ohio

@ASlavitt Retweet-This part of my speech-Explains how Medicaid helps complex kids & #AHCA harms the most vulnerable 
USA Today, 9-6-16: "...all 88 Ohio counties (in Ohio) currently have four or more insurance companies offering plans through Obamacare..."
And your party's solution (I refuse to call it a plan or idea) is to just scrap health care for millions of people. Unacceptable.
Because you and your party are refusing to fund it.
Maybe in Ohio, but the rest of the country wants to keep ACA, thank you very much. Ohio can have you and Trumpcare and see how long you last
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.298
