this mean you are ready for real conversation with your citizens? Or you just going to keep blindly walking party lines?
I'm ready for you to listen to the people you work for: investigate Russia; endorse compassionate policies and expertise
he works for all Americans who want equality for all kids, better jobs hes not scared of you we vote too
working with #POTUS  basically guarantees you're working against what's best for a LOT of us
well geez, what about the 58% who voted for portman he won by huge margins hell win again we want jobs education
So turning dems away from your dinner is accomplishing this? Come on Bob. You should lead by example, not follow Twitler
you suggest he doesnt work to unify America? pout like democrats? He is working for Americans for jobs education
@POTUS will only take us back in time.
How about working FOR your #constituents? When is the town hall meeting?
maybe you guys should check voting records @senrobportman IS standing up for HIS constituents he standing up for Americans
hasn't shown up to any townhall mtgs. Most of his votes don't agree with Ohioans.
look it up Ohio voted @senrobportman 58% he beat dems overwhelmingly lots of dems arent having town halls safety
I follow his voting record on vote spotter. On avg 75% of Ohioans disagree with his voting. BTW I'm Independent
How about you worry about his Russian ties and if ANYthing he says can be trusted before allowing more policy to go thru?! 
What will move us forward is some answers re: Russia.
I don't think you're allowed to take back your vote on Betsy DeVos, though, Senator.
Please schedule a #TownHall to ensure that you understand what ALL of your constituents want.
Working with #POTUS could make you in collusion when his treasonous ties are uncovered! Beware the snake!
...except when a Democrat nominates someone for the #SCOTUS.
too bad you wasted the past 8 years by refusing to work with President Obama
you do realize that you cannot move the country forward by taking civil rights, healthcare, and the EPA back 100 years right?
Trump is not taking civil rights back 100 years, he's supporting HBCU's jobs & education childcare 4 Americans
we discussed this. But since you forgot: we, the majority who did not vote for him, expect better of you. #investigatetrump
your forgetting 30 states voted for Trump which is why he's president we're not going away
REINS bill position? Vote NO
Then please protect the EPA- this shouldn't be partisan. #WaterIsLife
you won 58% of the vote Americans support you we want you to work for us for us, education, healthcare that works for us
thank you @senrobportman for caring about Americans,  jobs, education our children, healthcare we CAN afford & see  the Dr.
Even the Russians? We must investigate. It is imperative that we fully understand the facts.
then why won't you talk to your constituents and listen to us?
.@senrobportman Great, let's have some public town halls so that you might understand our concerns.
Hope that means town hall meetings. How about one with all Democrats instead of all Republicans and actually Listen?
Your statement is good. Show some meaning to the words. Town hall meetings
awesome. So you'll work with your constituents and hold a town hall?  One open to R&Ds? Didn't think so.
good tweet
Will you stand by while deregulation puts the Great Lakes at risk? Will you do anything to protect this valuable asset?
plenty of your constituents have been trying to point you in that direction, but you remain unwilling to listen.
wow it only took you 6 years to come to that. Good job.
get rid of @realDonaldTrump and work for #therealamericans #dump is for the rich and the #russians
@OHDems @CbusIndivisible Seriously Rob? Actions speak louder than words. Stop hiding from your constituents.
And by your acquiescence apparently ready to work with Putin!  #coward
keep The Clean Water Act! We can't live with out water.
could have fooled us, your Ohioan Constituents who have been waiting to meet with you. We shouldn't have to pay to see you.
only if they pay you or bribe you. Last term
That's a joke right?
when do you think you'll be ready to hold real town halls?
So far all of his solutions move us to 1950.  And more likely towards 1936 in Germany.  Is backwards the new forward?
Betsy Devos ring a bell?
sadly, your votes do not indicate this
"Opening bid starts at $51,000."
just not your constituency #Coward
Why don't I believe that? Answer. Your actions.
Wish you had that philosophy when Pres. Obama was in office.
Really??  Then take my call. Or hold a Town Hall
Anyone? How about your constituents? No town halls in future breaks this promise, so ready to have your credibility tested?
bulls!@t try holding a town hall with those other than likeminded donators or celebrities #DumpDevos #nowbannowall
Step 1: subpoena taxes
how do you suggest we move forward, with you as an anchor holding us back? Oppose trump or step down so somebody can.
Define "forward."
Does this mean you have some inside track to Russia as well. Doesn't seem to bother you that Trump might.
How can we possibly believe this when you wouldn't even let PAYING Dems into your event?
why the change of heart? Oh that's right he's just like you.
Does that mean you're gonna work for your constituents? Or the Russians? Or just people with lots of money? I'm confused.
ready to work with anyone who donates 51k or more to my campaign. #FixedItForYou
why not have a TOWN HALL with Rs and Ds???
I appreciate that sentiment. However nothing (emphasis on nothing) is getting done now. We the people are fed up.
Obama stole billions from  Fannie and Freddie to prop up ACA. Spread it to your contacts.  http://ln.is/www.infowars.com/frNTF …
You’re lying. You are not ready to work with Democrats because you refused to consider Merrick Garland.
Nailed that one.
Anyone who isn't a registered Democrat constituent of yours, that is.
.@senrobportman disappointed that #VotingRights & protecting constituents from #DomesticTerrorism are not on list. Please represent all.
then please keep healthcare for all Americans.    And investigate his ties to russia.   And his business dealings.
you are going to work for this White House only.  Give me a break... You wouldn't say s$+& if you had a mouthfull.
listening to ALL your constituents, by holding a town hall would demonstrate a willingness to bring people together.  #OH12
he's got to stop lying and all that stand with him should too
great, you can start by sponsoring a bill for an investigation into @POTUS ties to Russia
As long as they can pay the $51K retainer, right?
You better be ready to listen to your constituents too. So far, I'm not impressed.
You march in lockstep with the POTUS on every occasion now Senator. You did not for the last six years. Why is that? O I know
sorry but I call BS!
Then see the light. Start with #IndependentInvestigation into Trump's campaign & Russia. Not going away.
Arco Recycling is poisoning my family and neighbors right now with illegal dump & you're all for rollbacks? @ClevelandScene
learn about regulations, if they worked we wouldn't need more regulations ? right
what is your definition of "forward"? Not seeing much of that on the agenda...
#wow #yes #ty for finally bein ready to do your job. #blessed
The 1st solution to move America forward is remove Trumpf and his swamp. #Republicanspresident #notmypresident #resist
forward or backwards?
so far you have been a rubber stamp.
BUT NOT YOUR CONSTITUENTS??? You'll work with him but won't even meet with us??? #REALTownHallNOW #workwithUS #whynotOhioans?
you can't just SAY it you actually have to follow through.
