As an Ohioan we are not holding our breath that you and your Senate colleagues can get anything done that benefits the people of OH.
How about Repeal and replacement of the ACA.
Hmm. No Demcratic senators there. Bipartisan much? Oh that's right-it's party before country in your book. SMDH. Poor excuse for a govrnmnt.
Yeah, you work well together.
To create snow jobs 
I hope Jesus comes back before the interest payments on the upcoming deficit come due.
Clearly that's a lie. Your tax proposal will balloon the national debt, enrich the wealthy and do NOTHING to increase employment. #moron
You'd better include Democrats to make it a bipartisan effort, or you're not getting shit done! Ya hear?!
Just do it. 
All talk and no action getting OLD fast
Remember most Ohioans do not make millions so cutting tax for the uppers won't do us much good... an increase in minimum wage might.
I dont trust you but great tax plan and sure you will try to destroy it behide doors. Trump 2020.
To fuck the middle class more
About time for dc to make a contribution!
You'll work with them to stuff the pockets of the rich & make the lower class pay for it. @GOP #TaxReform adds $2 trillion to the debt.
No. Please. Don't.
@POTUS Still waiting for promised 25M jobs. Think about this. Invest in training for 5M now available. Disgusted Danforth Republican here.
FUNNY you mentioned nothing abt Bipartisanship. So much for looking out for Americans and doing your job!
In doing #TaxReform trickle down economics has never worked.
I'm sure you will! These tax cuts will benefit you and all your business friends, while making the other 90% of us pay the tab. Pathetic!
Be honest tx brks for upper class ie capital gains while those in middlecls who itemize will get slammed. FOR ONCE B HONEST
Trickle down economics only make your donors richer. Thanks but no. Better for us if you find a job in the private sector.
Way to be bipartisan there Rob.
Why would you work with people who clearly do not have the best interests of the majority of Americans in mind?
Because Portman doesn't have the best interests of the majority of Americans in mind. He works for big donors.
We need less government and much less spending on BS
Shut up you and @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr are complacent with the USA being a laughing stock.... Thank You for nothing
So you've come out of hiding?
How much will this cost the middle class, is the question?.  American workers are not buying when we're being shortchanged again!!.
Keep in mind that #TaxReform will explode the deficit while benefitting mostly corporation and the top 1 percent.
Repatriation of foreign profits benefits everyone!
This is not tax reform, does not come close.  And when has trickle down economics ecer produced jobs.  Has never worked since Hoover.
Who said congressional anarchy was not a form of government? You guys are worse than a wild pack of dogs in 'heat'.
Just like ya worked out MCBAMACARE?!? #ThanksForNothing
On??
Healthcare-no, the wall-no, tax reform-No!
Take over HHS!fire price!
Both parties need to come together and get legislation passed. No one solution is going to satisfy everyone but that's the way life is.
I’m assuming by “others” you mean Democrats? Way to go! You are bipartisan. /sarcasmoff
Seriously lame politicians words!
Well, let's hope u r more vocal & transparent on this one. Trickle down doesn't work!  U work for us, not ur party. Pls, do ur job-speak up!
So far only Hedge fund managers and real estate developers get huge reductions. Nothing fir small business- our job creators
Abszolút..csak amikor már allargiás vagyok  semmiretíartó emberekre és a közeg és szemük előtt nem látszik semmi! puszi
Tax cuts for businesses only puts more money in the pockets of CEO's not workers.
Please don't get involved with economics we remember what u & W did. Stick with easy stuff. #fakefoxnews
People should not be able to deduct their state income tax from their federal income tax. #TaxReform
Maybe try using math when you do. There is a deficit because the US Gov does not collect enough taxes to cover expenses. Close the loopholes
U guys will do nothing part of the swamp sewer need to replace all democrats all republican
Hi Senator - my name is Dalton, LLC and I just organized myself to save 15%. Great ideas.
An early analysis shows that I, a married, middle-class homeowner, will get higher taxes, while @realDonaldTrump gets a tax cut. Explain it!
If you're planning on tax breaks for the wealthy, don't bother. If you're planning to take away deductions most ppl count on, don't bother.
Why, you are next to be thrown under the bus. Good luck
#bs
Will continue 2 work w/ active volcano, mosquitoes, stachybotrys, shushy librarians, nazis & others 2 give #zerofucks about my #constituents
@senrobportman.  Tax cuts to the wealthy do not make jobs. We already proved that with Ronald Reagan.

You forgot to mention the Koch brothers.
Start by ending corporate welfare. Make them pay a living wage so taxpayers don't have to supplement workers.
Continue to work? When have you EVER worked with the POTUS you RINO? I can wait to boot your a$$ out we wont forget in 2022. 
Will you be asking to see his tax returns? We need to know how he and his businesses would benefit.
Remember to protect pre-existing conditions
You gonna put in the same effort you did on healthcare? Because that was just superb, #ConManRob.
Wealthy believers in trickle down economics. Jobs these wealthy create with their tax benefits are service jobs for them, Downton Abbey jobs
Work across the aisle this time. Please!
Yep. Trump and his ilk have created all kinds of jobs... for foreign workers.

Mnuchin & Price are poster boys for Trump's #TaxReform plan.
Keep picking the losers. You're probably a browns fan too
It may be time to repeal and replace @senrobportman if he isn't willing to do what is right, not just what is easy!
Sorry gotta call BS here. The top 1% is ok
I'm sure it will be as successful as your party's attempts to "reform" "healthcare"










How do you live with yourself, rat-snake?
looking at that list we know EXACTLY where tax cuts will be. RICH LOBBYISTS!!!
Its tax cuts for the rich dumbass! When does this buuuuullllllssssshhhhhiiiiiiittttttt stop? #StopLying
We won't Hold Our Breath.....Especially if The Repeal of Obamacare is Any Indication!  But the 2018 Elections Are RIGHT AROUND THE CORNER!
So you won't work for the people who voted for you? I knew you wouldn't, that's why I voted for your opponent. To bad most of Ohio didn't.
And where do you expect to get the money to do this without increasing the deficit?
ya right, rino
OMG. Good luck with that group. You've got your work cut out. Please ensure change that benefits more citizens than just the ultra rich.


Didn't see any Dems in that tweet Senator.  Can't be good for the middle class
Need to drop @SenateMajLdr , he is worthless leader
Did you take Russian money too Rob? Why would you continually act against your constituents. Americans are dying in Puerto Rico btw.
The proposed "revision" will:

* increase corporate profits
* increase share prices
* increase executive bonuses 
* won't create econ growth
Yeah the details are not whdtbthe @GOP and @POTUS lied.  Are you going to gaslight your constituents too?  You are all swamp with @POTUS
Lets back up a day. I want to know how you would have voted on GC. It's important to know where you stood
Despite your best efforts, Ohioans are still here
How about Some Democrats.  You cast yourself as "teaching across the aisle"
As a pass thru business, would really appreciate your help to lower taxes on self employed.  Keep more of our money to invest back in biz.
We'll believe it when we see it passed.
The #TrumpTaxScam won't create any jobs. You just want to #RobthePoor so the rich can get a tax cut!
Yet we are still stuck with OBAMACARE! A huge tax!
#TrickleDownLie has never created jobs, put more money in the hands of working people. Has left the economy in disaster every time.

But God forbid you bring in any democrats
Because the GOP has had such success trying to legislate w/o bipartisanship
He doesn't speak with constituents, doesn't care abt us & meekly goes along with whatever the oligarchs want.  I gave benefit of doubt.
Right!
Please @gop --for the love of all that is Holy GET SOMETHING DONE. Stop being the joke for Dems. YOU CAN DO THIS ---we gave you a trifecta.
Portman: "I will work DILIGENTLY in my GOP echo chamber to make the same old ideas that haven't worked...work this time." 
You forgot to mention workers. You should try listening to them.
The form introduced today fails the "Koch test" as both the Kochs pocket more & their cos pay less. It helps them more than #Ohioans so 
NO
To get #taxreform would be cool, but the people you "at" are enemies of reform, interested in tax cuts for the 1% first, last, and always.
Reports say only the rich will benefit. I'm not surprised.
This is not good for the lower and middle class
Agree that Mid-Class Amer should get TaxCut (present TrumpRyanTaxBill Does NOT)=same rate. #RICH1%Elite do NOT need it. Do NOT Gut Medicare
How about a little bipartisan effort? There are Democrats here in Ohio too and you represent all not just your campaign donors.
@senrobportman Learn from your mistakes and make this a bi-partisan effort.
.@SpeakerRyan: I prefer my pay not be pilfered & 2 know true cost of Fed Gov 2 me. Time to pass HR 25 (#FairTax w/o prebate). #SalesTaxOnly
If u don't he will "physically mock" you like he does McCain. #impeach45
**TRANSLATION**  .... create #jobs for millionaire/billionaire Wall St hedge fund managers.
Ignoring input from Democrats?
Plus that’s a great bipartisan group your working with!
Thanks for your important work, Rob!

- The Koch Brothers
My, what a swampy group of friends with big donor overlords you have, Senator. #TaxReform
and I'll continue to work with Ohioans to get your sorry ass out of office.
You are a liar like them. This is to benefit the rich and business owners. Off-sets are non existent as it is based on Trump logic ( a joke)
Yes because trickle down economics has worked so well over the years.  Look how well it worked in Kansas! 
You will continue to help them with 1 precent welfare The only thing that matters to the GOP Is the 1 precent and Corp welfare
Hmmmm don't see @SenSherrodBrown on your list, Senator. Haven't you learned to work with the opposing party?
U better.....Tell  Brown clean the office out for his replacement
I'm reluctant to buy into any tax reform until 45 makes HIS tax returns public.  What is he hiding?
Reasonable request but we need tax reform regardless of his lack of leadership!
You guys are all thieves!!
You could sell me on tax reform if you do not tax my social security benefits.  I should be receiving them in a couple of years..
Some advice I've gleaned from you: Please pray for this & send warm wishes in support that something gets done to help 1% get huge tax cut
I'm sure the others are Democrats,right?? I mean can you imagine the only thing you can work with dems on is sex trafficking? Glad for that!
What do you think about waiving the Jones Act to save lives of US citizens on Puerto Rico?
Wow-you are so bi-partisan!
Puerto Rico has no power and no drinking water. How about you work with that?
All i see is a list of politicians on the way out! We won't be fooled again. You lied on heathcare & we won't forget. Counting down the days
YES less taxes for the rich .     !!!!!!!!!   a little less for the middle class .
Stop this trickle down economy. There is nothing in this tax reform that benefits the bottom 35% of tax payers.
No democrats included in "& others", Senator?
Is this what you care about as  US citizens are DYING in Puerto Rico!
Shame on you! #WaiveTheJonesAct #HelpForPR

Just like you fixed healthcare, huh?

The RNC that has been taking and laundering Russian money all sticking together.

Wow, you’re really reaching across the aisle with this group 

No reason to believe that you see these replies...
I live in OH and this same plan has done nothing for jobs here.
