But selling said infrastructure to the highest bidder is NOT the way to go about it.
Your president came all the way to Cincinnati, where you live, and never mentioned the Brent Spence Bridge.
not thru privatization
You had six years and never passed infrastructure bills. Obama wanted to pass jobs bills. You opposed. Stop pretending
Another lying republican. Trumps personal rubber stamp. Portman will vote for trump care.
Fraud.
Rob. He is giving Monet to private co's to run and "fix" the roads. In turn they will charge tolls forever!  Look at INDIANA!
MONEY. SORRY FOR TYPO.
It's a YUGE tax cut for the rich while funneling money to corporations who will stick it to the American people. AGAIN!
Don't worry about infrastructure-we'll all be too sick to travel anywhere unless we have accessible health care!
The infrastructure plan is horrible too
Infrastructure paid for through federal dollars. Don't allow businesses to run the show and make us pay through tolls.
"puts people to work immediately" that means shovel ready. If it has not been through planning, zoning,permitting etc it is not shovel ready
You embarrass the old line republicans who put you there . Wake up Rob--this guy is not your gig.
Please do not approve healthcare without the input from your constituents
Rather have infrastructure than a waste of money wall.
Good. Spend money on necessities and not silly walls and wars. How are you on privatizing the air?
You are still hiding from your voters. No public town hall meeting in Ohio in 2017.
How is bringing private companies from other countries 2 finance this an #AmericaFirst plan? More like a #billionaires 1st & @RNC 1st plan.
And this charlatan Republican wants to let private businesses charge tolls so that they will make repairs. What a con artist Rob Portman is.
Trump's plan won't  do it, set up as pvt sector money grab.
OMG you're becoming the master of the obvious.
And privatizing in order to cut taxes is not the answer.
We need to repeal and replace Rob Portman- a complete disaster to Ohio
Trumps fault do something about it
Ohio steals money through the lottery. Need a school? Then pay for it. Plenty of money for government buildings though.
Hilarious! The infrastructure of the WH is crumbling under your feet but you are nailing the talking points! Good boy Robbie! Good boy!!
All talk no show blab blab blab
Have we ever NOT done this?  Y'all must be scraping the bottom of the pork barrel is this is the best the GOP can say for itself.
Am really reconsidering your role as our rep -- you seem unable to stand up to Trump
meanwhile, america's human infrastructure would really appreciate accessible healthcare
i hope everybody who liked this sick but meaningless burn has also given mr portman a phone call
No privatization.  Make the rich pay their fair share.
Could you please explain why the GOP wants to pass a bill that overwhelming majority of Americans disapprove of?
You are not going to get anything done while Trump is in office. Work to impeach so that you can help Ohio.
It's time to respect and protect human rights in general and the human right to health care specifically.
what about protection for the elderly and disabled Rob? Maybe you should worry about destroying our health care system
Everything I am read about public/private infrastructure deals carry risk. Anything FOR PROFIT mainly benefits the private interest.
There are foster kids in Ohio who lose healthcare if Medicaid is "phased out". Way to protect the former fetuses.
Are you going to push for a real infrastructure plan, or DJT's 'plan', such as it is, which is essentially corporate welfare?
What happened to the money @BarackObama gave Ohio and KY to fix the bridge?
Vote against the wall.   Vote for health care for all.   Vote for infrastructure and technology and modern energy
Quit whining. Do something right for a change.
And do you believe this can be addressed with imaginary non-federal spending, like you pretend cutting Medicaid will help drug crisis?
You’re right. Let’s move taxes on the rich back to same rates as during the Eisenhower era and get some stuff built. #MAGA
Odd the last guy said the same thing what did you and @GOP do block it #OBSTRUCTIONISTS #numbskulls
Yes, we do but not with more tax cuts for the super rich. Close loopholes and capital gains exceptions.
AGAIN NOT BY FOREIGN GOV'TS OR FOREIGNERS!!!!
Infrastructure is exactly one where we have to remain safest and secure to,by& of ourselves
Left up to you and the GOP, what really needs rebuilding is our democracy.  Your (in)actions embarrass OH.
Yes we do now please find a way to fund it without robbing more money from Social Security?
Obama said the same thing five years ago, but you it opposed it then. Why the change of heart?
it would not have got in this shape if not for the republicans always giving the rich tax breaks and starting wars
You need to get it through your head that  your "agenda" only serves to make the rich richer.
Don't change the Brent Spence, it's a better thrill ride than Kings Island's best
Right-by privatizing the work in order to line the pockets of the swamp dwellers. Just what your donors expect. #anotherscheme #anotherscam
So in other words you're okay with selling off America like the one who sits in Whitehouse. Portman = GOP first/country last.
Really?  Cause the American Jobs Act, under @POTUS44, would have done just that. #PartyOverCountry #GOPHandbook
I am a constituent & I agree BUT I don't agree with the privatization to do so. Just another way to funnel $ $ up from the peasants. GREED
Roads are a  outdated and ineffective Baby Boomer era idea. We need to more into the future and stop blowing tax dollars on potholed asphalt
The Democrats and the Obama administration wanted to improve infrastructure. You and the Republicons blocked it, as you did everything else.
Columbus is hampered by poor mass transit. We would be growing much faster & attract millennials if we had a subway system, not more roads
hello we need money to do that in the form of taxes. actually we need money to solve every problem you tweet about.
Over its lifetime the clogged arteries at Brent Spence have cost Ohio,  KY, and America billions upon billions of dollars. No exaggeration
We don't need expensive toll roads that increase costs to poor and middle class! If we had better public trans, this would be so important.
Definitely, @senrobportman! Too bad the US is wallowing in debt! GOP's sole aim (cut corp/rich taxes) won't help this time.
Invest tax dollars 4 this, not privatizing every opportunity to a select few of the wealthy so they own our roads & almost all global wealth
Please don't vote for #Medicaid cuts for the #disabled to pay for it though.  Thank you.
We need a bipartisan government working for people and a president  knows his job + integrity #TrumpRussia
Brent Spence TOP of the list!
Yes ! t should be done with out Foreign loans which will increase fiscal deficit further& Saudi Arabian money will b expensive in longer run
People won't take those jobs w/o decent  healthcare, HS&E, benefits. Wake up & stop feeding the 1% hogs!
We're nearly $20T in debt. How do you propose to pay for all of this?
He's not going to vote against Wealthcare. He helped write it. Don't forget that the next time he's up for election.
What's up with Trump care ??  whats next Rob ??  kind of quite on this subject ...
The problem is trump has already tasked his buddies for it. That goes against GAO & govt contracting laws (bidding process)
Where is the plan Senator? I haven't seen any plan. Where are the numbers ? Let me guess, you have to kick everyone off their Ins. first.
Why'd you vote no on H.R. 4348?
Please tell us the plan from trump. Oh wait, there isn't one. Please describe how you'd fund. I agree - and Dems want as well.
What happened to the trillion dollar stimulus back in 09. 
Oh wait that was to pay people off I forgot
Quit deflecting from Healthcare!
But you play games with what should be straightforward
Plz See: Integrated Engineering Blockchain Consortium http://IEBC.co . Blockchain token w/value stored in infrastructure pls r/t
all you do is point out the obvious. Get to work. Oh forgot summer break is more important.
then let *us*—the people—actually do the rebuilding, not private companies that'll gouge us with tolls.
What happened to infrastructure week which was so widely advertised by the President. Stop siding with the liar.
Trump has an excellent infrastructure plan!
How does kicking a few hundered thousand Ohioans off of their insurance help this? 

Please stand up to Trump.
@senrobportman has No compassion.No civility.No compromise.No common sense.No conscience.No character.
We need infrastructure in the public interest that is planned with transparency. Please reassure us with a town meeting!
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.330
