
Translated to...tax cuts to the wealthy and hoping like hell, that the economy grows at an unlikely rate, so that we don’t go bankrupt.
That's what it's supposed to be about. But this bill won't achieve those goals. Get to work! Don't rubber stamp. Work bipartisan!
LOLOLOL you're doing it for your rich donors, but we aaaalmost believed you
@POTUS is a disgrace, golfing while PR suffers. His tax plan is as equally disgraceful, more for him & his rich buddies on backs of MC.
@potus is at his golf resort, tweeting disparaging comments about PR's mayor and the workers.  Last time I checked--all VICTIMS of storm!!
It's not for the American people, it's for the 1% at the top, which you're not even a part of. Stand up to @POTUS. Do what's right.
American People means EVERYONE, not just corps and rich. Help the people who are actually financially hurting. 1%ers have enough.

When Ronald Reagan cut corporate tax rates in 1986 wages fell for four years straight. https://twitter.com/Wonkblog/status/913035320362446850 …
Who voted to confirm #TomPrice
which people? Cause this one isn't going to anyone I know. Just ur lobbyist friends
Cutting taxes for the wealthy. Thanks for nothing, Rob. You're letting Ohio down again.
Rob only cares about his rich donors like the Koch Brothers. Cutting taxes for them is the priority, not the rest of us.
Even if your tax reform actually did benefit the middle class, which we all know is a lie, I'd say go ahead and work that AFTER you save our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico.
Problem isn’t we pay too much #tax. Problem is our $ gets diverted into pockets of Trump & other selfish individuals posing as politicians.
And a ridiculous amount of military spending...not on vets or current service people. Nope, that $ goes to contractor crooks like Blackwater
Or whatever that corrupt company of many was named
This tax "reform" plan is a joke. More of the same, give it to the 1% and it will trickle down. Doesn't work.
Quoting #45 doesn't really give credence to your cause.
But not for the wealthy. RIGHT???
If you haven't been paying attention, nobody with a working knowledge with reality trusts trump. If you are supporting him we can't trust U.
Seriously just shut up. You have ZERO integrity at this point. You are on the wrong side of history & I won’t forget. 2022 Rob.
Nor will I. As disgusting and fraudulent as the pig Trump he worships. Go to hell Portman.
is lying when he says he won't benefit, the Trump Family will make $400,000,000 from repeal of inheritance tax alone.
We tried trickle down economics for decades now with NO PROOF that it has ever worked. Tax cuts for the upper class will do nothing!
Now Rob, I don't even believe that you're stupid enough to believe anything the President said.  But you think we are.  All for your donors.
#45 is an Asshole and a Serial Liar. The opposite of what he says is true. Trickle Down Economics Don't Work. Boosting the Minimum Wage?
I read all nine pages, Cindy and personally I thought it made great sense!  It's worth taking a look
This is about giving a tax break to wealthy donors. Not for my family or millions like us.
Where do you peolpe get your info from?. @CNN because I have heard the opposite. 
I read.
Please share. I read all day too. But you shouldn't believe everything you read on @CNN. And @MSNBC. 
Go do some research. Seriously. Or how about you produce evidence that Reagan or Bush tax cuts just created a fab middle class..........
trying to expand the Kansas Miracle to the whole country?
Nice jab!
hey rob its a proven fact trickle down does not work.
This weekend while Americans are dying in Puerto Rico, Trump will be golfing. This alone should highlight his mental unfitness for office.
Again, you're either fooled by the Trumpism or you're selling it.  Either way you have no clue.  Just more Republican rhetoric
Lies. It's about tax cuts for the rich. This should take a backseat to Puerto Rico and the crisis happening there. Say something about that.
It’s disturbing that you reference POTUS.  What else does he say that you want to repeat?  Unhitch our wagon, ohio needs real leadership.
As the @POTUS says, you're fired!!! 
So that means you’re in for THIS tax plan?
I'm getting out my thesaurus for "corrupt" 
Once again, have you ANY idea of what you are promoting??
Rich Americans know they don't need a tax cut. They also know trickle-down economics is nonsense. Listen to @TomSteyer: 
Truth 
* $2.4 trillion in lost govt revenue
* close to 80% total benefit goes to top 1% of taxpayers
- (non-partisan) Tax Policy Center
 Your lies are getting tired Rob
Don't try to say that means tax breaks for wealthy and corporations again. History has proven time and again #TrickleDownDoesntWork
people need hope and a job to go to, it's human nature to wanna be productive. Tax reform will give us hope and jobs
higher wages plus more jobs is not only much needed for financial reasons but it will help put a dent in drug epidemic
Absolutely senator, I agree. I support our president and you senator on this issue. It's a win win with #TaxReform 
Blah, blah, blah!
Hogwash Senator. GOP tax plan is a gift for Trump and other ultra wealthy GOP donors. Nothing more. Fight for $15 if you want to boost wages
#PuertoRicoNeedsHelpNow
So this is the #taxreform plan that help which Americans?
Analysis: Tax plan would cost $2.4T, benefit wealthy most
"As POTUS says"? You know POTUS is Donald F%CKING Trump, right? 
You might as well start w/ "As Hitler says"
You're the worst.
Then do it. Instead you've chosen to pursue a tax break for the wealthiest in our country. Stop lying to your constituents.
The middle class is struggling.  Stop taxing us
And the $1,000 I get will pay for my new car 
79.7% of the trump tax benefits 1% of Americans
Which American people, Rob? Surely not the ones that struggle to make ends meet working blue collar, mid paying jobs, right?
Yes tax reform for the middle class not Millionaires & Billionaires!
Yeah because trickle down economics worked so well during the Reagan era. 
POTUS is not known for his factual represenation of legislation or anything
And we all know you trust him and will do whatever he wants.
Cutting taxes doesn't create jobs. We proved that under Reagan. Stop trying to feed your constituents red Kool-Aid.
Not THAT tax reform plan, we don't. You better work harder/smarter to find something that will help the middle class, and NOT trickle-down.
STOP IT.   Quit trying to feed us this BS.  There won't be raises or more jobs and the wealthy will get a raise. Middle class pays more.
After the disaster in Kansas you can no longer claim that tax cuts pay for themselves and creates jobs.
NO this is about less taxes for @realDonaldTrump and the rich
Trump lies. All. The. Time.
Do you ever feel shame?
Not the one he pitching that one will increase defedit and only help the 1%
The key word is reform, not just tax cuts. I mean real and true reform.
Congress approval rating- 15%
Time to drain the swamp.
You do know Trump's Tax Reform will help him but hurt the middle class, right? You need to work for your constituents, not Trump
Work with Dems and CBO for greater results plus, did you support CHIP ending? Shameful.
Could you possibly try to pry your lips off Trumps ass? Your reputation is directly tied to his corrupt and treasonous behavior.
Trying to be respectful so all I'll say is, please rethink your policy on tax reform for the good of OH/US.  I hope you're better than this.
Should be about cutting middle class income taxes since they pay proportionally more. Stop jacking them around with false hopes. Do it.
Have you studied economics Rob? What stimulates the economy is money in the hands of middle class not tax cuts for corrupt billionaire POTUS
Trickle down doesn’t work.
Then work on legislation that does that. Current proposal will not help small business/working families-we know who it helps! #BABAOhio12
We need to see his tax returns before #TaxReform.
Please don't lie. Americans are smarter than you think.
Not the best way to start a statement justifying your position.
Did Donny also mention the YUUUGE benefits for the 1%? Cause that’s not watching out for ALL Americans.
It is about less bonus money for wealthy and raising wages for workers.  Wealthy needs higher tax rates
Rob Portman is a tRump man - Stick it the working-class so the 1% wealthiest get richer. Numbers don't lie. #AnotherRecession  #TheSwamp
How?  Are you going to fund education?  Retraining for jobs of future?  Clean energy industries?  More  to job creation than tax cuts!
Make sure you're doing it for, not to, the American people - not just the rich ones to whom Congress bows.
ILLEGITIMATE. Trump is a verified liar and, when it comes to tax reform, so are you. GOP TAX PLAN ONLY GOOD FOR THE RICH. Screws All others
Trickle down economics does not work, has never worked and will never work. Might as well brace for another recession now.
Really? Seems like it's bleeding middle America dry to further line the pockets of D.C. politicians & big business!
As a billionaire, I appreciate your efforts to help me and @realDonaldTrump at the expense of all other Ohioans. Takes real bravery.
2% increase for the poorest and 15% cut for corporations that already use loopholes to pay no tax and don't pay a living wage. SHAME ON YOU
But you're doing it for the rich instead. What is wrong with you?
Jobs for hedge fund managers & Wall Street bankers investing 1%'s additional wealth.No tax reform til #Trumptaxes public! #Resist #aarp #LWV
I believe #YOURPOTUS wants to #CUTTAXES so he can make more money. Jobs & wages have nothing to do with #Reform
 same old story...

Can you imagine $15 min wage, not having to pay so much out of pocket for health care (thru univ coverage) and not having to pay so much for college? Some of that money would go toward consumer spending, stimulating our economy,  creating jobs. Not so much tax relief for the 1%!!
you ever notice how much trump lies...about every times he opens his mouth. death tax good for trump, do away with motgage deduction bad
Oh really? It's not about putting money into the pockets of wealthy 1% and special interests? No history that shows job will be created.
If @POTUS says it, it is most likely a lie. Anyway, why do you think cutting AMT will boost wages? Why eliminate the estate tax?
shouldn't we see Trumps taxes before voting on this
is it true that middle class families with more than 3 kids will pay more? Limited Indiv deduction
The lack of integrity displayed by @senrobportman is impeachment worthy.
Prove to us these #TaxCuts don’t disproportionately benefit you or POTUS, then we might listen. #ohio #taxreform #Republican
It's IMPOSSIBLE to actually be as ignorant as @senrobportman displays. Portman is a devious rat-snake and a blatant liar.
And we couldnt afford the Healhcare act so we are going to cut taxes?
You're either delusional or you're lying. I tagged you in study about this so-called reform. Will only benefit corporations and ultra rich.
Unless there are incentives to invest these funds for R&D, job creation, etc they will put the money into the market which is not the goal.
Price’s travel, Trump charging Secret Serv. #Republican Party milks the people 4 all we’re worth already. Why trust you on #taxreform? #ohio
The numbers tell a different story. Definitely a tax cut for the rich. Stop lying.
Please explain a massive tax break to the wealthy will create jobs and boost wages. You are assuming the will invest this money. #taxreform
Who do you think your kidding? It's all about tax breaks for the rich. The top 1% only.
You mean for the rich people...
this isn't reform.
Kinda loses the glimmer when you quote 45. No one believes his tax policy will help middle class. Good day for 45 to release his taxes
Just do away with taxes
NOT this bill!
@TrueFactsStated Is @realDonaldTrump lying? I mean, we won't know if he is telling us the truth until we see his tax returns! #RESISTANCE
Not true the evidence for ur claim is not there in fact it’s the opposite
So you'll support the #Fightfor15 to also help raise wages I assume @senrobportman and #POTUS .
We aren't buying what you're selling, Senator. Tax cuts for the rich do nothing for the vast majority of Ohioans.
You mean for the rich people
I'm predicting you and @realDonaldTrump won't get this tax reform scam passed.The #RESISTANCE is alive and well and we're growing stronger!
Yea right you mean for the rich
GWB already proved that giving the rich more money does NOT create jobs. STOP with the BS!
I know u are smart enough to understand this proposal is not in Ohio's best interest
Why do you insist to add taxes for the Middle Class? Lower taxes for those who have plenty and raising taxes for those with little.
Who gets to be an "American" in this cash grab of yours? Day 1 admission is middle class who itemize will pay more. #YouAreOutOfTouch
Rob: have you studied what’s available yet? Lost deduction for state and local taxes. Net LOSS for mid class. $2.8B net GAIN for up’r income
"As POTUS SAYS..." I can't think of a worse way to begin a message. Once again you haven't read the proposal and we're waiting for townhall
Thank you, Senator! Grateful you are on board!
There are more important issues. CHIP (Children’s Health Insurance Program, which covers 9 million kids) expires tomorrow.
Again, when has this EVER worked?

Cuts in to all workers not just us in the middle class offset lower taxes by reducing  or eliminating gov't
POTUS doesn't know the meaning of truth
to this absolute-idealistic demand pragmatism simply opposes its non possumus. LOL @pegskeer #truth
The guy is a liar and you are for your rich friends. How can we trust either if you?
Stop lying. This is about making the rich richer on the backs of the middle class and poor.
Disappointed that you are blind to the needs of your constituents for the glory of being tied to a racist lying hypocrite #TaxFairness
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different result.
As @senrobportman says this is about creating an alt. reality so he can look himself in the mirror every day, while screwing the Am. people.
The corporate rich getting richer has never helped the middle class.
Listen to the people — RAISE TAXES ON RICH & BIG BUSINESS. Cut lower & middle class taxes. Trickle down doesn’t work.
If you start your statement with "as Potus says"...ain't nobody listening after that. The man knows NOTHING.
So you've had enough time to get on board with this tax but didn't have enough for the ACA Repeal bill?
As @POTUS says? Fake News Move the rates to when a real republican held the office. Reagan or a real American Eisenhower!!
Tax cuts for the wealthy (that will never, ever trickle down) and increasing the deficit? No.
there is not enough polish in the world for this turd.
What about Puerto Rico?
@POTUS is wrong. You need to address the concerns of Ohio's citizens and find a fair tax reform proposal.  Do not give breaks to the top 1%.
Rob do you back laws about hobbits and elves? Because trickle down is also fantasy.
you really take @POTUS seriously? I thought you were at least smart enough to spot a liar...
Please consider implementing controls to fight income inequality, like capping exec pay at 100x what lowest paid employees make. #incomeinequality
Especially if @GOP insists on cuts for the rich. We've tried trickle down before, it hasn't worked. Try something new!
Right?! How many times do they need to try this before they face FACTS??? Trickles down is a farce
Why are you letting CHIP and enhanced community health center funding expire? Its disgusting to look at the things you think are important
Except it does NEITHER!!!!!! Please vet this #TaxReform  It's only benefiting the wealthy- please- #openyoureyes
He's taking from the poor again& again Portman Jane you read it OMG y'all think the American people R stupid well Nope
Your statement lost all value with the first three words.
Please know business keeps their tax breaks. They don't result in better wages. mid-class buying power drives the economy. Not tax cuts
I don't believe @potus. . . And neither should you.
'As @POTUS says...'

This is sounds, verbatim, like a Pence tweet. Gross.
BS
This is Trumped-up trickle down. Do something for the 99%!
How can you support this smash and grab?
This is about moving $$$ from the poor to the rich. The trickle down fantasy lives on.
Please these @Ohio taxes are killing me. #MAGA

For #jobs pass infrastructure bill.  For #boostingWages raise min. wage. Remove corp "loopholes" that reduce govt revenue. Voila deficit!
Not buying your opinion that this creates jobs. Unemployment at its lowest in years.
Boosting wages for whom...? Jobs for lawyers...
@POTUS is a documented liar, now @senrobportman is too.
How will this be vetted? Public Hearings ? Comprehensive CBO analysis? Distribution tables?  How will it be paid for? Does it increase debt?
Potus also keeps saying healthcare failed because of an imaginary senator in the hospital. Provide better sources.
Rob, you know that's not what it's about. Also, if @POTUS says it, it's most surely a lie.
This is about helping the people who own you like your donors and thats it..we know it you know it and it wont be forgotten
If you want to create jobs and boost wages, back infrastructure spending. Trickle down is shameless class warfare
Yeah, cut taxes that benefit you, and our so called president. No tax reform until he releases his taxes!
You're supporting a plan to get #TaxReform done for the American 1%. @POTUS?  Why would we believe him?  He's just a brand name.
.@senrobportman what about all those in your state that fall into the 10% rate that will pay MORE!  THAT IS THE ONLY group that pays more.
Explain why the working class and the poor should continue to pay your wages so that you can throw them under a bus.
*rich
Trickle down doesn’t work and we aren’t going to let you drive the economy into the ditch again.
Cutting taxes for the wealthy and corporations only makes them wealthier & gives them bigger profit margins. Nothing trickles down to us.
This is going to create a negligible number of jobs, if any. And it will raise taxes on middle class people. Shame!
If that's the goal, why is this a #KochTaxCut???
Maybe "As @POTUS says" is not the best support here.
"As @POTUS says":
You need to renew #CHIP
Trickle-down economics doesn't work for the people. Raise the minimum wage, universal health care.
Lies
A "UNITED"Gop supporting POTUS & this tax agenda LOUDLY& BOLDLY is vital 2 its success 4 tax relief&opportunity 4SOARING economic growth
