Ignore all the leftist filth replying to your comments. Continue to support Trump and his ideas and prosperity will come to you
Hudson has several lovely places for you to hold your next, I mean 1st, townhall.
Seriously? The health care your party wants is regressive. Do your job and represent people who need it. Not trump and his rich cabinet. Sad
Good for you, meeting with people. Trump plays golf. And tweets crap. #25thAmendmentNow
@senrobportman staff also tweet nonsense. They tweet about sports. A. LOT.
Not disagreeing with you there ....
Damn Rob, quit running scared
Why will you not have a town hall? Your bosses (your constituents) have REPEATEDLY requested one. More you ignore us the angrier we get.
I see that your avoiding places that don't support your actions. Coward
Happy Independence Day. Please don't vote for #Trumpcare const. from 44106
Taking Medicaid from those folks! SAD!!!
Nope, because Kewpee is a decent employer who takes care of its employees.
I hope people told you to vote NO on the Republican health care bill. You need to serve us, not your GOP bosses. No cuts to Medicaid.
Do you plan on holding a town hall?
I know a lot of people in Cleveland who have some opinions to share
I've heard of that place
How many of those employees rely on Medicaid?
1. When and where - town hall. 2.  Impeach him now.
Ask them what it's like working in an industry that is known for no benefits and wages that won't let you afford insurance.
Do these workers have healthcare?
Make sure you ask all those workers about their health care. Make sure you understand what health care means and costs for each of them.
Are you even in Ohio? Are those real Ohioans or did you just photoshop yourself in the pic?
Still no townhalls where you can speak to your constituents about the healthcare plan. Seems you can find time for anything but! Unfair!
You are terrified of Cuyahoga county, it would seem.
Kewpees are great! Are you gonna take health care away from those workers?
A
Vote no on Deathcare. We depend on you and @SenSherrodBrown to do the right thing.
I'm already confident @SenSherrodBrown will be doing the right thing.  Can't say the same for @senrobportman.
when will you be meeting with SW Ohio voters?  We want to hear from you on Trumpcare. We citizens need decent healthcare.
Love that place!
Who benefits (profits) the most from the so-called Republican upgrade to healthcare and who will suffer the most? The answer is obvious!
You may only be in the first year of your term, but I can assure you that we Ohioans will never let you live down a vote for Trumpcare!
I hope that burger doesn't raise your cholesterol, that would be a preexisting condition! Stop hiding Rob! Your bosses want a town hall!
It's fine. He doesn't get the health care he's giving us.
Whats with the creepy doll at the top left? And why is it naked?
Question for my fellow Americans. Do U want a town hall meeting to discuss or just to yell?
Do you suppose any of those people have any idea what you're about to do to their health care?
Oh goody, another employee town hall.  You just met with the very people who need affordable healthcare!  I'm sure they didn't get to tell u
Don't take away health care from thousands in Ohio
Our distinguished authors of the Declaration of Independence must be rolling in their graves today.  How will we end this nat'l nightmare?
Do their employees have access to healthcare?
Is this just
a) another #DistractTweet
b) taunting your constituents that you refuse to hold townhalls
c) both
Hey Findlay indivisible- where are you at?!
Ask those workers what they think of Trumpcare.  Consider them when you are asked to vote for it by @SenateMajLdr
Figures he's in my area and I'm in Oregon.  Grrrrr!
He would have gotten an earful from me.
Vote no on trump's wealth care bill! The rich have enough tax cuts and we need real, genuine insurance and care for every single Ohioan.
Please vote no on the Senate health Bill that threatens the health of our most vulnerable, 15 million Americans. Sincerely Dr. Slusser
OMG. None of these people will have healthcare after #GOPCare is passed. #SaveACA
There's a parade in Fairlawn at 4:30. Hoping to see you there.
Never comes to Franklin county either
Come on. Surely you can do a #townhall on healthcare. You're acting like you know you should be meeting with us, but you're afraid to talk.
Rob seen here with actual Ohioans. Not known is if he listened to them over shutter of photo op
#25thamendment
Oh, good. You're in the district today. Maybe you can have a town hall while you're near. OH-05, 43606
I love how you only go to counties that overwhelmingly voted 4 you & trump. I never see you in Cuyahoga County why is that? #impeach
Never comes to Lake County either, and it was gerrymandered Republican!
Wondering if he knows where Summit is on the map.
My family came here from Ukraine as immigrants. My family was brought here as slaves. Your #gop2017 party is #UnAmerican AF. #shame
See you there Senator I'll be the one waving and  God Bless America and the ACA


Refugees deserve a safe space ...let alone a hamburger, you selfish man.

Great back in Trumpland your president you support is tweeting old vids of him wrestling a CNN reporter. You good over there? #impeach



Trump will meet with Putin on Friday. Does he have a relationship with Putin? Allow him to tell you. Watch this. 
This is who you work for: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/trump-pal-busted-allegedly-running-hooker-ring-yacht-article-1.191136 …
North Korea any concern for you? Or Trump instability?
This is what an American hero and a patriot looks like.
This is what deserving, talented young ladies look like: http://www.cbsnews.com/news/visas-denied-for-all-girl-afghanistan-robotics-team-competing-in-u-s/ …
This is what a criminal looks like:
This is what terrorists look like, @senrobportman . 


We are a nation of immigrants.


In reality still sucking air and still killing 
refugees are victims. #refugeeban spiteful.

Tired of you Senators just bowing to your corporate masters while killing your constituents
We can't wait to see you there! #TrumpCare #Protesters #Resist 

#StopTrumpCare
If you see our senator, please be sure to tell him I too wanted him to vote no

Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 

Blood on the floor outside of Leader Mcconnell's office as protestors are physically being removed. 
Did they ask you to vote no on #Trumpcare? Don't take the opioid buyout, we need comprehensive healthcare to fight the statewide addiction

Huge protest inside and outside of Senate Majority Leader Mitch Mcconnell's office happening right now. 

Capitol Police arresting protesters who rely on wheelchairs. They dropped one.

#NoCutsNoCaps 
Get that Nazi out of my govt. http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/sebastian-gorka-made-nazi-linked-vitezi-rend-proud-wearing-its-n742851 …
