If you really care about this, you would vote no on AHCA. #ShowUsTheBill
I say lip, you say service.
tou version of trumpcare is what trump calls mean.. why would a sen. vote on suthing trump is not going to sign
Please explain how you would cave in about your promise to protect Medicaid?
I appreciate your fight against the opioid epidemic but have a hard time reconciling it with your support of #AHCA. Represent Ohio. Vote no.
Work with Dems to improve #AHCA do not repeal and replace with something that you all slap together in secret. Secrecy is not democracy.

"No hearing, no vote!" - constituents who drove halfway across the country because @senrobportman won't talk to them back home. #NoTrumpCare 
You know what would help the opioid epidemic more than anything? Universal Healthcare. #KillTheAHCA #AHCA
You cannot be for fighting the opioid epidemic and vote YES on this horrendous bill. Stand up for what's right. Listen to who u represent.
Just another Yes Man for Trump
They are debt funds since #CARA is wholly unfunded. Yes, the man who wants to eliminate the debt is adding to it with his pet project!
ROB YOU DONT WANT TO TAKE HEALTH CARE AWAY FROM PEOPLE!  YOURE NOT HORRIBLE I THINK?
They will need those CARA funds after you vote to slash their health ins. You don't care about opioid addicts, only towing the party line
Most of these comments are from concerned constituents. #ShowUsTheBill Our healthcare hangs in the balance.
If you care about Ohioans health then why would you consider cutting their access to healthcare? Vote no on AHCA.
You are working to cut taxes for your rich buddies. You are taking health care from people to do that. Awful.
I am a constituent in Ohio and you will LOSE your job if you betray your constituents and vote to help gut Medicaid in any way
We demand an explanation to why you're renigging on your oath to protect Medicaid
Vote NO! Please!
Sen. How can U vote blindly 4 health care that will affect everyone's way of life. Get constituent/American feedback 1st,stand up, be brave
He's not blindly voting.he is one of the white men in the room.
Yes, voting blindly meaning without input and constituent support. I should have phrased differently. Thanks!
Senator Portman, your constituents do not want a new healthcare bill that hurts kids. PLEASE VOTE NO on Cassidy's bill. NO good 4 kids or me
Hold a town hall
How are you fighting GOP greed to DEFEND healthcare/Ohio expanded Medicaid?? #CARA is a joke if we lose!!
Do you not have a backbone? Vote no on AHCA
How are people going to cope without healthcare? Vote no on AHCA
Fraud.
Senator I believe you truly want to address the opiod epidemic. So I'm confused on your vote for the bill to phase out Medicaid. What gives?
Oh please, you're writing #AHCA in secret which will kill AoD treatment. Your sanctimony and hypocrisy are on overload here.
How will #AHCA support your #opioidepidemic efforts?
You're a joke, Portman
VOTE NO
When is the townhall open to ALL CONSTITUENTS?!
Show us your healthcare bill
Secret 13 .. cutting health care for 23m to give the filthy rich a tax break  #Mean  ..  stand up to @SenateMajLdr
Please vote NO on Trumpcare. Have a heart, Senator.
Scheming in secret to write a WealthCare bill,
allowing no input from the public, nor from any Democrat,
giving the Senate 10 hours to..
... read, debate & vote on a bill that decides the fate of 23 million Americans & affects 1/6 of our economy...
 Is legislative malpractice.
What's in the secret Trumpcare bill you are writing? More tax cuts for the rich & money to the insurance companies who donated $1.4M to you?
So long as you hear constituents all across, as those on their way to meet you with their concerns about health care in DC! #oh12
From OH, our view is that you choose to serve Mitch McConnell over OH residents as you participate in the secret healthcare committee.  Sad.
Please vote no on Trumpcare. Ohio is counting on you. It will wreak our economy and our health.
what will happen to people who need TRX when #ACHA passed? Take a stand and do the right thing for a change. The people of #OH deserve it
How's that secret bill coming along, Robert?
Nobel post but u can't run away from this.  What is in the health bill?  How much did trump pay u to sell us out?
How about a great workshop or better yet, a town hall about the health care bill?
So does this mean you will be voting on the secret AHCA bill? Or once again party instead of people that are old, sick and poor?
Another way for counties to free up funds to battle addiction? Have Medicaid pick up the tab for treatment our county boards used to pay for
Portman part of the GOP SECRET healthcare initiative!!
Party over Country!!! Portman needs to be replaced!!
Why is this bill being kept secret?
Listen to my phone messages I left you today.  Vote no!
Those affected are going to need Medicaid. You must vote no on the healthcare bill. Let us see it.
WE paid for Medicare w/OUR $$ you all kept stealing from for yrs. Now you want to force seniors into vouchers!
http://www.learnprogress.org/aarp-president-warning-senior/ …
My husband's retirement is $1200 PER MONTH. He doesn't get social security cause he worked 4 country & didn't pay SS. Can't afford ur plan!
Husband has Cervical Stenosis & abt 2 have back surgery/spinal fusion & discs. He's still going to need surgery on lower back 4 encroachment
People work hard all their lives & don't need to stress abt medical bills/insurance when they are seniors! 
#Medicare #Resist #Election 2018
Sad thing is, I make a decent salary (not retired). I'm sure the stupid vouchers will go by income. Unfortunately, I have student loans, etc
We can't afford higher insurance & I should have to get divorced just for him to get a better voucher. @SenateGOP is ruining #Medicare

Your PR tweets are not an acceptable substitute for actually being accountable to and communicating with your constituents. You work for us!
Nothing good happens in secret.  Say NO on this terrible Trumpcare!!!  Pretend you're voting on a bill that promotes opioid use and vote NO
You work for Ohio not McConnell.  Stand w us bc this means nothing if u take the funding away #ShowUsTheBill
Come on, Senator. What's your position on Trumpcare? Vote no. Voters will remember!
Thanks for your concern about opiod epidemic. Please do not support the Senate Health Care bill that removes many provisions of health care.
Maybe we shouldn't be making struggling counties compete against each other for way too little money. They all need help.
Do not believe this BS that GOP Senators think secret AHCA process is wrong. Only takes 3 Rs demanding hearings in order to get hearings.
Hope you won't support the proposed budget cutbacks for opioid addiction treatment.
U want to combat the opioid epidemic vote mo on ahca or dont keep pretending this crisis is anything u care about
Too bad you don't hold workshops on registering people to vote.
You suck.
meanwhile, in DC, I'm taking away substance abuse treatment from millions of Americans!
How do you reconcile being a supposed champion against opioid addiction yet vote for a bill that allegedly cuts mental health services...
I say allegedly because YOU won't let us know what is in it! Shame on you Sen. Portman! You need to have a town hall to discuss!
What does the healthcare bill & town hall meetings have in common? #Portman doesn't show!
Perfect! 
Lol
Sir you are doing a great harm and a great disservice to the people you represent by hiding this bill. You shame your office. #ShowUsTheBill
Once more NO ON AHCA. Stop the secrecy. Fix ACA.
You are embarrassing yourself by refusing to address your secret healthcare bill. Every tweet shows you stand with McConnell, not Ohio!
#ShowUsTheBill
