You'll support more intensive clean air and clean water programs now slated for elimination under @realDonaldTrump budget?  No hypocrisy
This is an important issue, Mr. Portman.  I fervently hope you step up.
With what  there Rob. The @GOP is allowing Cab Secs to travel on our dime for personal travel! You gonna say something about that?
Let's protect Democracy. We must protect PR. Let's protect the kids now without health care. Let's protect free speech.

Children are important, as well. But you did nothing to fund CHIP. I suppose all those 5-year-olds are deadbeats, per Republican rhetoric?
THX 4 standing by compact and restoration project funding. We also need @MeatlessMonday observed 2 lower manure/ #phosphorus #fertilizer
Didn't you vote for repealing the clean streams act? Or was that another greedy old white guy in congress? I get you guys confused
You are a lying hypocrite. Your career is over along with Pruitt's. Hope you'll be happy together.
You odious little hypocrite. You voted to appoint Pruitt, knowing full well he'd gut the EPA.
Have you figured out how to give a lake tax breaks yet? That's your solution for everything
Pruitt Pruitt Pruit
Remember that time @senrobportman voted in support of the guy who wants to defund the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative....

#ConManRob
Then #FirePruitt.
Demand his resignation immediately.

#whereyouatRob
OMG there is an algal bloom from Ohio to Canada right now. WHAT ARE YOU ACTIVELY DOING BESIDES TWEETING
You confirmed Pruitt as head of the EPA. He's transforming it into the Environmental Destruction Agency. Your actions show what you believe.
Listen Senator party line. You could have helped long ago. Too many regulations. Remember?
And 
*forget* 
I voted 
For
Pruitt
#PuertoRico provides a home to millions of #Americans.Its a critical cruise tourism hub.#45's destroying USTerritory! #ImpeachTrump &convict
I join you in "supporting our lakes." Is this your cryptic way of saying you left the GOP? EPA water protections systematically dismantled.
Love for you and POTUS to worry about the good people of Puerto Rico.
Puerto Rico is an American territory that has been demolished. Trump is attacking the mayor. You are responsible.
Phew! Hey you guys, it's okay, the Koch Brothers say we can keep Lake Erie.
No they said we cld keep profits of recyclables that floated to Ohios shores.If we pick it up, clean it,recycle it & send $$ 2 #StateofOhio
I agree. Unfortunately, you vote against the people of Ohio every chance you get. Pruitt? You voted for him-he’ll only protect his wallet.
So you are pro EPA now? I'm confused. If you want to protect Lake Erie and environment, be consistent in your actions.
Well that is not going to happen if you support Trump's Policies. Climate Change is real. Anyone in denial of this fact should not serve.
Stoping EPA and not believing in climate change and your worried about fishing
So was the Great Lakes revitalization plan you let @EPA destroy
Why don’t you tell your constituents what is really happening to the environment
You voted for Pruitt
Agreed! And that requires a price on carbon!
This is sadly funny. Aren't you the  guy who supports Scott Pruitt?
Sorry we have to pay for a tax break for the 1%
Trying to decide if you're patronizing us by pretending to care, or just stupid enough not to realize what your party stands for.
Bub, it's your party that is against environmental regulations. Don't talk to us, pull your head out of the sand and stand up to them.
You know what else is critical?  Healthcare!  Vote for your neighbors, not your party!!
I will definitely be campaigning for whoever runs against you!You talk about things you don't care about! Do you believe in climate change?
Then why did you vote to Confirm Pruitt to the EPA you hypocrite?
Whatever happened to OHIO VETERANS?  Guess you're takin a knee on that, huh, swampy!!
How about protecting our healthcare? Holding a town hall?Instead of dancing around all the issues that are important to ur constituents?
Eye on the ball big guy.
What about clean drinking water?? You forgot that - oh, I forgot you are a supporter of Sec. Pruitt - the anti clean environment guy
Your vote for Pruitt shows me you care nothing about the great lakes
If white people benefit from a clean Lake Erie, @EPAScottPruitt will support this concept. If no for whites, Erie goes the way of #Flint.
How are we doing with water for #PuertoRicoReliefNOW So glad you are focusing on immediate needs of America's citizens.
HA! You voted to confirm Pruitt as EPA chief. You showed just how much you support Lake Erie then. You can't have it both ways, Senator.
And you want to cut regulations that will keep clean.  Shame.
What are you going to do Rob?
Not a single tweet about Puerto Rico.
Exactly! Speaking of PR & water, your president* is attacking a mayor who's begging for water, food, medicines, logistics and life for her people. What say you, Senator?
Come to Toledo and see the beautiful algae bloom. I sight for the eyes and nose! #Trumprussia
Why does your dude Pruitt have a large security force and spend 25k on a cone of silence room? Is he a good steward of taxpayer funds?
That's not what the EPA director you voted in wants.
Who is providing drinking water to PR? And Flint? Read the room, Portman. Stupid timing for this post. As usual.
And yet you voted for Pruitt
وعنصرية!وتجارية!ومشاكل!لاشفتهاولاعرفهامن.قبل!حرب.الخليج.حتي.الان!روابط!اسريةالملاعين.وانتم.في.خطر!فلوس.الدنياعندهم!وقلوب.الدنياودمارالدنيا..
حمايةمصروالمملكةواليمن.والعرب.وسوريامن.سحرالارض.الفارغةوطلاسم.حروب.في.الكويت.والعراق.الامارات.وايران.ودول.كثيرةبقواس.نصر!يدعوروابط.اجتماعية!
Really?  Explain how your support of #RAA and EPA Pruitt fit with support of a healthy environment.  What's the co$t of his security detail?
Wrong head of Epa if you hope to keep our water clean
Rob stop tweeting about lake erie, you voted for Pruitt. you have no credibility.
Slob Dorkman
Oh, man, this makes me laugh!
You can't really say you're for people living in houses when you are part of the group burning houses down
So why is DJT neutering the Environmental Protection Agency?
You regularly vote along party lines against direct, meaningful protection of the environment. Your share isn't convincing me.
1,068.
So, why do you keep voting in favor of environmental deregulation? You can’t have it both ways. #corrupt #goptool #doesnotworkforus
And how will Sec Pruitt's bizarre leadership enable us to do that? If big business doesn't like it, he won't help.
Ooh, we haven't seen this topic for a while.  Is Lake Erie big water? Now, about Trump's Puerto Rico comments. ...
Agree. But you neighbor?
Still feeling good about that vote to confirm Scott Pruitt to "lead" the EPA, Senator?  We haven't forgotten.
Shouldn’t the free market already be taking care of this problem? Do we need more tax cuts to help?
The “& more” is clean drinking water? Tough for you to bring that up since you don’t actually believe Americans have a right to clean water.
You better tell your friend Donald.... I think he has other plans!
Rob's Regulatory Accountability Act #RAA: a celebration of pollution, cancer, & corporate profits.
