You should talk about this during a town hall. #coward #replacein2022
People without healthcare, food, housing WILL do more drugs and cost everyone. Shortsighted thinking is not progress.
When is your next Town Hall? We have a lot of questions.
Typical @senrobportman   BS. No real answers. The man is bought and paid for by the @GOP and big money  No soul. No heart. But plenty of $$$
That is a full statement?
I'm truly shocked that funding for Great Lakes is your only issue with this budget that undercuts the fragile livelihoods of working people.
But are u ok with the attack on the poor so the rich can get a tax cut
Sir. We really need to talk. A town hall perhaps?
You don't address your concerns about universal healthcare and the damage insurance companies do arbitrating who does and doesn't get care
Party over country letting a poor child stave works for you. .
Couldn't have said it better
Rob thinks party before people so it really doesn't matter what his statement says. He will follow Trump right out of office. Follow the $$
For all the talk about getting Americans back to work, where are budget incentives for encouraging hiring and skills training? I see none.
Just pass it
Support the President's budget Medicaid has no controls presently
Please Senator, don't let the cuts to education and the PSELF Program be approved. I'm on my knees begging you not to do this to kids.
And how about cuts to Medicaid, or education cuts? These need protection, too.
Cuts to safety net programs & PSLF is protecting the vulnerable? #AlternativeFacts 1993 days. #UnseatTheSellout #ProtectPSLF #ProtectOurCare
Trump won Oh big time, because we are sick of u career politicians who can't stop spending. If you don' support budget, u don't support OH.
I read what you had to say, there is so much you didn't touch on, that will impact working Ohioans. Must go further.
This is weak and so are you.
IT CONTAINS A 2 TRILLION $ MISTAKE!! UNBELIEVABLE!!! With this I've lost all respect for you. For a moment I was hopeful. @CbusIndivisible
Rob. We don't need to spend millions on a wall and cut support for needy.
I believe you are better than this statement Senator.  The people of Ohio need you to advocate on our behalf now more than ever.
well. at this point we KNOW your going to vote party no matter what. So do your words really matter????

*the answer is *no*
Would you, please, stop towing the Republican line? They may have paid for you, but you were elected by this district. Do your job
This budget lacks any compassion for the most vulnerable. Could you be more specific on the social program hatchet job here. 1 by 1.
You don't address the billions of dollars unaccounted for. #trumpbudget is an assault on working-class Americans. #VotePortmanOut
There is a lot to oppose in this budget.
Fraud.
What a wimpy statement. Platitudes Portman.
We must make sure that we keep the great lakes great if we do not we will have more burning rivers like the time before the EPA
This statement doesn't say much nor does it address how the budget will destroy Ohio.  We really need you to lead Senator.  Not bow down.
Really?  Your only problem with this budget is the Great Lakes initiative?
Gutting education $ and Medicaid. Nice. We can become a 3rd world country n no time. When is ur #TownHall. We shouldn't have to ask again
You didn't read it.  You fail to mention the cuts to social programs. You suck as an elected official from Ohio. Do us a favor resign!
Not a word about how this budget targets the working poor, the elderly, the diabled, veterans, and school lunches. Why not?
This budget is bad for #Ohio.  Take a look at what it does for #Education and #research. It's a #crime against the poor and vulnerable.
Ok his term is up in 2023.  Ohio is watching you, ever so closely and We are taking notes!
When is your term up??
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.158 @JoeSchiavoni
Thats all you oppose???
Your blinders are firmly in place.This proposal is so hurtful it's astounding. Your take: big business over citizens, party over country.
I care about Ohio's lakes too, but, geez! What about the PEOPLE? How about the poor? What about public education?
I didn't see anything in your statement about cuts to safety net programs. How do you propose to help the most vulnerable Ohioans?
A mega tax cut to the ultra wealthy, while programs supporting middle and lower class Americans are left on the floor. Shameful.
Just the GLRI? Nothing to say about how it affects the most at risk groups in this nation, some of whom are your constituents?
That jab at Obama at the end of your statement, shows what kind of person you are. #petty
Don't you care about what this budget will do to the poor, women, elderly? U r worried about drug czars and lakes?
This proposed budget does nothing to protect the vulnerable nor does it provide real benefits to the middle class. Trump has himself in mind
This is a pretty short full statement. What about cuts to funding health research & how that will affect the Cleveland Clinic?
I sure hope the money is worth it Rob.  This budget is heinous, on purpose, to punish the poor, sick and disabled and enrich the 1%.
Are we reading the same budget plan? As you say, we must "protect the most vulnerable," but this plan is not doing that. #trumpbudget
As your constituent, I reject Trump's budget as should you. When is your town hall meeting?
This is all you have to say?  What about all the cuts to other services?  Medicaid?
So basically you're okay with the continued transfer of wealth from the working class to the very wealthiest in this country.  #oligarchy
What a shock rob ignoring the biggest issues again
You style yourself a moderate Senator.  Your support of a budget that dismantles the nation's safety net is not moderate.  It is radical.
Do you attend church, Senator? What did Jesus say about "the least of these?"
We must get Portman out of office. Scum
I will do everything in my power to make sure that you do not win in the next election
No mention of the cuts in Medicaid!!! Please explain.
When is your next town hall meeting? (Request #110)
Yes,  let me know so I can attend!
Full statement? No comment on how there is no way this helps Americans or reduces the deficit or, dare I say it, Makes America Great Again?
So you're cool with cutting Medicaid by $800bn? Seems rather cruel, Senator.
Try opposing the cuts to SSDI. It's not an entitlement. One has to have significant work credits to collect and only the sickest get it.
Sooo you don't have to anything to say about gutting programs for working people?
My full statement on your unconscionable confirmation of Betsy Devos here:
She purchased his vote. Vote  himout
