You’re a few days late Rob! Where were you prior to 10-1? I know, screwing Americans on healthcare! #WorstSenatorEver
#CHIP is latest victim of GOP insistence that health care is a zero sum game; that the only way to help one family is to devastate another.
Your actions lately are like that of a dead beat Dad.  Sometimes after your birthday he sends ya a card with some cash.
Why did you let it expire to begin with?
Ditto!
Seems like the kind of thing that you will tie to tax cuts for the rich, right?
Exactly.
Hey it's photo op rob. Whatcha doing rob? Cause it's certainly not meaningful legislation. You may write legislation but you can't pass it
Republicans like you let #CHIP expire. 9M children impacted. 
But please tell us more about regulating women's bodies & why guns are good...
Yes, thank you. Kids should be “Switzerland” - neutral in healthcare argument.
Senator. You are a bit late on this right? What can you be thinking? Not about us...
When did you start caring about #CHIP
That's nice. Tell me again why it lapsed.

#priorities
Finally! You should have acted earlier, but you were too busy avoiding talking about the despicable Trumpcare.
And by left behind, you mean, left to die, left to experience financial ruin. Let’s be clear. Thank you for your continued efforts. 
Should been done before it expired. Instead your focus was to kick 32 million off of healthcare
Little late there, pal. As usual. See which way the wind blows, THEN say that was your position all along.
Thank you, sir.  It’s Wednesday, day 4 of no coverage for millions of children.  But better late than never.
Why weren't you doing this in September, before the deadline, instead of trying to throw millions off insurance?
GOP prefers to kill kids. Give $$ to rich
If you don't start stepping up for Ohio and what the people really want instead of you and trump we will continue to lamb baste you on media
Where the hell you been Portman?
It's about time.
Too little too late. You could have spoken out earlier but you were too busy trying to gut the ACA.
Are you sure you don't want to let it stay lapsed just to give the rich a tax cut? What's a few million kids after all?
Finally. But why did you let it get this far? 9,000,000 children and their families at risk
Your party intentionally let it expire. DO YOUR JOB
How much have you accepted from the NRA senator?? #EndCitizensUnited
Now that’s a good idea
Such an important program. My family was fortunate on 2 separate occasions to be able to take advantage for our kids.. #joblosses
Well now this is a good thing!

You already left them behind by letting it expire. Shows your priorities.
This from Joe Kennedy¥
Excellent. Very important. Thank you.
Kind of late to the party
Finally we agree on something. Signed, a constituent.
Why are we paying for this insurance? Let the parents pay.
Please post when it’s accomplished. Why let it lapse in the first place?
Thank you for working to continue funding this vital program.
This is beyond shameful to tout the renewal of CHIP after you successfully worked to have it expire.  Worst Senator ever.
How about they get jobs?
DO your JOB what is so difficult about renewing a program
OK. That’s a good step in the right direction.
How are you extending when time passed. You need a new bill and no add ons. Get with it.
It’s the very least you can do. You may want to do more than just urge.
Thank you.
Color me shocked. Thank you Senator. 
Urging is great , curious to see how you really vote on this. #CHIP
A few days late - but thank you!
This certainly should have taken precedence over your 20wk abortion ban vote.  We're talking 9 million children affected right now.
The poverished children of this country deserve http://it.You  people holding office have healthcare We THE PEOPLE have paid for
If you care so much, it shouldn't have expired in the first place. Why didn't you raise a stink before it expired?
Take a look at this child trafficking menu of Northwest Ohio. The sale and barter of human flesh. http://www.adoptamericanetwork.org/waiting-children/ …
Lots of fancy legal jargon. In layman's term. STATE CHILD ABDUCTION.
Why did you let this expire at all? Because you were too busy trying to take away our health care. Work with/not against us.
Yeah. GOP let is expire. Way to go senator.
Stop working against the safety and welfare of the American people to line your greedy pockets.
That would be a refreshing change
You couldn't have moved "quickly" before #chip expired?
THANK YOU!
I agree!
That's fine, Rob, but why didn't you speak up weeks ago? Oh wait, i forgot you were busy working to strip health care from 10s of millions.
I'm not micro chipping my kids!!
Finally doing something in the interest of the people you serve. I, for one, am shocked. #tryuniversalhealthcare
Job killer no??? SAD!!!
Yes thank you!!
Stop following after @JohnKasich and the DEMS . We won’t http://forget.You  only won because Taxin Ted was such a horrible candidate.
Are you sure? It would help children.... Not your usual, Rob.
How did the #GOP that controls the entire government allow 9Mil children  to lose their coverage?
Is it just really important now or was it just as important 5 days ago? You know, before the funding expired without any action from you. What were you doing that week that was so important Rob? Oh yeah, you were busy trying to take healthcare from 32 million people. #CHIP
Too little too late, Robbie.
A bit slow on the uptake here...
The congress better act quickly! These children need HEALTH CARE!!
Good work, Senator.
1,072.
So keep them on welfare in perpetuity?  That's your plan?
FINALLY!! Where were you a month ago, BEFORE CHIP funding expired? Trying to gut Medicaid, that's where. 
Might have mentioned this before it expired. What's your take on the Medicare and Medicaid cuts in the tax 'reform' bill? #TownHall ?
you already left them behind, rob
You didn't see an opportunity to pillage here?
Thanks for finally getting around to this- it would've been nice if you had done this BEFORE it expired, but you were busy w/ trafficking
Be louder about this Rob!
Thank you.
Better late than never.
Rob's vote for toxic coal waste dumping in our waterways didn't create jobs. Ohioans deserve better:
Why do you think #CHIP is so important if you were ready to cut off insurance for millions in the Obamacare repeal?
