Senator you ran  on REPEAL Obamacare. You need to support the Repeal. I'm a business owner in your district. Honor your promise Sir!
Agreed! These Democrats in the comments didn't vote for you. Republicans did! 
#FullRepeal 
Or leave and join the Democratic Party!
Fraud.
#RepealObamacare  You can put in a replacement or force Dems to negotiate, but either way you need to keep your campaign promise to us.
You don't talk about healthcare much when it is making national attention. Please vote to repeal! #Repeal
Do your job! Repeal the damned thing already!
Bad news but we need to get on the phones.
Don't be snake REPEAL OBAMACARE! I will not be voting for you again if you go against the repeal! You voted for the the repeal on 2015
Stop the healthcare bill senator! No on Trumpcare!
Now would be a good time to announce your NO on straight repeal! I've called and called and still no call back BTW. #NeverRepeal #Resist
Callback?  LOL....you'll never get a tweetback.
When I send an email or letter I get the generic, "Thanks for your concern, we'll look into it". Getting very old. As are the @Gop. #Resist
Ditto....where are you in OH? Cincinnati here.
Cinci also
Perhaps we could protest together.....LOL
You guys are Democrats you love ObamaCare, Vote yes to Straight repeal!
I don't want Your Religious beliefs effecting my Uterus. Also, Freedom of Religion means respecting freedom from religion.
WHAT about affordable healthcare?
You've betrayed the trust of the voters
You voted no when you knew your vote would have no impact.
You were elected to repeal not protect Obamacare.

Enjoy your last term!
please vote no on the ACA repeal. It will truly harm the people of Ohio if you vote yes.
Do not repeal ACA! Vote NO! No explanation needed, you know why.
You voted to #RepealObamacare in 2015. What changed? We need a #FullRepeal. Government has no place in the health insurance market.

Vote yes on the same damn bill you voted yes on in 2015. Grow some balls & do what your voters sent you to do #Repeal
You are happy that you don't have to explain your vote on senate healthcare bill to your constituents.
Then please put more budget into export promotion and investment attraction. Pays for itself.
You are a man of truth or you are not.  Please  explain the truth behind your 2015 vote to repeal the ACA. #integrityfirst
What?  No tweet about your stand on #repeal?   Who bought you off?

Your weak, cop-out approach with the Senate Healthcare bill will not be forgotten in 2020.

Multimillionaire @senrobportman was not one of them. Three opportunities to take a courageous stand for Ohioans, he declined every time! https://twitter.com/thehill/status/887383735041216512 …
I agree that NAFTA needs updating.  All longstanding agreements should always be updated.  As the world changes they need to change too.
does that mean you'll pressure the president to divest from his businesses, including those that use migrant labor? No?
Of course he won't! Much like Graham & McCain he might clutch his pearls occasionally but falls right in line in spite of faux concern
Gotta keep up the "independent voice" cred. Talk is cheap. Let's see "independent votes".
I've seen nothing from him to classify him as an Independent. He rarely votes against bad policy unless it's totally safe for him to do so
Where is your statement on repeal and forget? Do you think we don't watch you in DC? We don't like weasel words, Rob.
You and Trump are working to isolate the US from our trading partners, our military allies and the rest of the world (except Russia).
Vote no to repeal.
Why not do repeal now?I know cause you voted last week not to be on o care.  Nice to be special
Vote yes to #FullRepeal 
Or leave the Republican Party! 
Go join the Democrats you traitor.
Your constituents in Toledo today!
#KilLTheBill https://www.pscp.tv/w/bDzjkTFlV0V5WE93ZHdaakF8MU1ZR05YYk52clB4d6URgwm8S9XpQjc4urfRE8D8DwRvDHg0O1n3u07J3MAD …
You voted for Obamacare repeal bill in 2015. Only thing that has changed is that we now have a POTUS who will sign the bill. Vote to repeal.
Shut up RINO!
Why don't you repeal Obamacare?
How about protect our healthcare, social security, environment, wildlife, climate, ridiculous travel bans. Stop being scared of McConnell.
Suddenly opioids aren't top of the agenda?  You should look forward to working with Murkowski Brown Manchun Capito to fix the ACA.
Focus first on SINGKE PAYER HC Rob.
So @senrobportman , you want to "Fix" NAFTA not "Repeal & Replace"?
How does the rest of the GOP feel about that?
I'm not an opium addict.  Does that mean I don't count?
You voted YES to repeal Obamacare in 2015 when you knew Obama would veto.  I voted for you to help POTUS Trump, NOT obstruct. RINO
#MAGA
Fund the CSR's/other components to stabilize the market. Provide a  public option, and then work to make the market better, not worse.
Over 70% of Americans want a bipartisan fix to the ACA.  Please listen to the American people. No more political football.
You voted no in 2015 on o care repeal. Now you won't. #coward
Glad you are committed to something. What your promise to repeal Ocare?

Announce your opposition to repeal only NOW. Show some courage.
Resign
Sen if u don't Support the Repeal there is gong 2b a bloodbath in 2018. Repub will lose everything. U will doom us 2Dem policy HELL#SuckitUp
Drop a bug in Trump's ear about his family's production of stuff OUT of USA.
Why would you vote to repeal when Obama in office cuz u knew he would veto you are a fake we need to vote u out and get obamacare repealed!!
Better start promoting protection against unfair imports with your president and his family!
American people are growing tired of the constant lying. You had the balls to repeal when it had no chance under Obama. You are spineless.
Uh, the topic of the day is health care.  Time to stand up, quit hiding behind "concerns"
Please say no to repeal
You won't even come out against this! Cmon!
Portman never stepped up to vote NO on repealing health care for MILLIONS.   Coward.  Corporate lackey.
Vote AGAINST Portman.   Never forget
Repeal the Export-Import Corporate Welfare Bank and Repeal Obamacare!
I urge you to vote NO on a repeal bill w/o replacement, it will likely destabilize insurance markets and increase premiums for Ohioans
Time to step up the baby"concerned" to NO on ANY form of repeal. Otherwise, you're a monster.
Waiting to hear your opinion on straight repeal. Vote no and protect healthcare for #Ohio. Look at #CBO score. #VoteNoBCRA
Why should anyone believe you... you lied on Obamacare repeal! That makes you UNTRUSTWORTHY!!!
Repeal without a replacement is ridiculous and political suicide
you're a two timing double crosser! I'm in Ohio and you just lost my vote. Get rid of ACA! Dirty back stabber!
when will you stop being afraid of Trump? He's a losing proposition of 140 characters. A BIGLY disappointment!
Ohioans are still counting on you yo vote NO on" REPEAL AND PUNT" Healthcare bill!
4 of your colleagues had the kahunas to state their position on the repeal and replace of ACA. You, Sir, hid from your duty 
Are you working to prove to Ohio that you aren't a liar who ran on/voted to repeal in 2015 and now won't when it matters? Very cowardly move

Now you vote no on repeal??    Vote Portman out!!!!!
Repeal!
Please vote No on the straight repeal. It's irresponsible to the point of insanity. Have you seen the CBO?
As a voter in your district I urge you to you vote to repeal Obamacare. You voted for it before. Vote for it now that it matters!
Sen Portman, as you can see from the replies your constituents don't care about trade. They care about health care. Tell us you're voting no
Not getting my vote again Portman that's it. I'm sending you a bill for my 5000 deductible also!
Are you a liar? You voted to repeal Obamacare in 2015, are you going to now? Now we find out who the @GOP liars are.
Need to run a 3rd party candidate against him and break up the Republicans, even if it means someone with a D by their name wins.
Vote no to straight repeal #trumpcaredead
Were you voted in by Republicans or 'the resistance' ? When you promise repeal you vote repeal. It's country before you.
Hello? You're a NO on repeal without replacement, yes? I mean, you want to keep your job, yes?
Really? Really? Nobody is listening because you're not saying anything.
Repeal...tax cuts...letting us down Rob
REPEAL OBAMACARE!!! You said you would and now??? Stand!
Thank you for not supporting the amended health care monstrosity.  Of course, everyone knows, straight repeal would harm many Millions more.
Ocare harmed millions. Repeal. Get the Feds out of hc.
absolutely wrong:

What about health care? No statement?
Please vote NO to repeal our healthcare.  We need your voice of courage.  People before party.  Thank you!!!!
Deal with #healthcare first. Do NOT support the motion to proceed on the #GOP cruel attempt to #RepealObamacare. #KeepTheACA.
Oh God... another socialist wanting freebies from the taxpayers. smh
Yeah I pay $1250 a month for my private policy & I don't get subsidies. I do NOT want ACA repealed. So your narrative is bull
Repeal obama care you liar
How about working on health care? #resign
He will never get my vote again
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
.@SenatorCollins to @ThisWeekABC: GOP health care bill "would make sweeping and deep cuts in the Medicaid program." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
Moved on from healthcare real fast. Vote no on any #ACA repeal.
Vote NO on PORTMAN.
Did last time. Wasn't enough.
#repealobamacare cutting out the insurance/gov't cartel & empowering consumers will solve much of defensive medicine problem

THE WORLD IS WATCHING! YOU ARE FAILING YOUR CONSTITUENTS, @senrobportman !

@NOFAindivisible , @maddow…

You can't repeal the ACA without taking away 32 million people's health care. http://bit.ly/2u5rZ7K  
