Why I don't support @senrobportman : nearly everything he's done or said post-election. You're on the wrong side of history, dude.
Of course you do. This is your last term.
Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garla
You are such a marionette. Someone is always pulling your strings.
yet you failed to do your job regarding #MerrickGarland.  You should have been fired.  #FirePortman
Don't all the Russian election and financial enrichment scandals cause you to pause, Senator? Pls rethink this.
Vote for the people of Ohio, not with your party! This judge does not represent the majority.
.@senrobportman ...Because you're a pencilneck trying to get in to the boys-only club the bully formed because girls hate him?
all 8 Supreme Court Judges don't agree with you.  Can you explain that?  Stop voting party, vote for all America
there should be no confirmations of anyone put forth by our treasonous Russian puppet of a @POTUS
Because he is a corporate shill just like you. Last term rob
No!
MERRICK GARLAND, bro.
I am your constituent and I do not.  There should already be a justice appointed by Obama.
Because you believe the unqualified deserve a chance? Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Your constituents say *no* and speak up about Nunes he needs to go. Your voters demand it.
no vote
you can't vote for @realDonaldTrump's appointment as he is under investigation, his words not mine #sad #resign
as long as an FBI investigation is taking place, NO vote for Scotus
It would be inappropriate for Trump to nominate a Supreme Court Justice during the last year of his Presidency.
He struggles seperating church and state. You voting yay is why I won't be supporting you in 6 long unbearable years.
You support SCOTUS nominee ALL 8 Supreme Court Justices reject? 
You'll be gone very soon @senrobportman! 
The ppl won't forget.
@logandaily
NONONO 45 is under FBI investigation and should not get to fill a lifetime seat #manup
how much did he pay you?
Because he hates women, hates gay peolpe, hates poor people… The whole GOP platform rolled up in an ethically challenged form
I know, I know: Because he will be an activist hard-right judge who will rule in favor of your business benefactors.
please postpone until this Russian mess is settled.  It is important.
Rob Portman is Trump's rubberstamp.  Putin will reward your loyalty @senrobportman when you seek asylum!
-why not support fixing ACA, supported by majority of Americans?How about support for ending Trump's conflicts of interest?
your source?:"Unfortunately, some judges have essentially re-written laws to fit their beliefs." Who?What?When?
Might be best to see what happens w/ possible treason by Trump Gang before confirming
That is Merrick Garland's seat in my mind. He got robbed. I mean We the People got robbed. Gorsuch is not mainstream either.


Thank you Sen Portman for taking the time to let us know and for using facts rather than politics to represent us
so if I read the comments, we should base our selection on a scorecard rather than what was right
Ignored 1USC8 and corp. law in Hobby Lobby. Reversed 8-0 in LukeP. 8-0!  Generational disaster in the making.
Sorry @senrobportman, no SCOTUS pic for Trump unless he's cleared of Russian collusion. Period.
you are willing to sell out Ohioans. #partybeforecountry #voteNOonGorsuch
VOTE NO! He supports corporations not the law.
If Gorsuch had any respect for law and precedent he would refuse the seat and give support to Garland.
Your outlaw party does not even deserve a vote on Gorsuch. A stolen seat that belongs to Merrick Garland.
Do you ever stand on your own two feet?  Afraid you will lose $$$?
Fair enough.

Can you explain why the @GOP defied the #constitution and didn't give Obama's nominee a hearing?
I mean, if you are actually in favor of the #constitution, then Obama's nominee should have had a chance.
That guy does not care about a woman's right to choose. Screw him. He's evil!
I'm more interested in where you stand on Garland, you've never commented on his qualificatuons!
because you don't like people?
putting party before people. Keep fighting that good fight Rob! Enjoy this term.
you have a losing record on whom you support.
I will be voting you out. You always pick party over country.
knows that Gorsuch rulings will make him money, not because of what americans believe or expect from their "representative."
NO to Gorsuch!
Gorsuch vote should be postponed until the FBI investigation into the Russian/Trump collusion is finished.
this administration is not even legit....no vote until djt releases his taxes!
why didn't you support a vote for Garland?  He is equally as qualified.  Party line til the end for you....
Do you support your constituents? The people of OH? If so then you would not support Gorsuch.
no vote while administration under investigation. Represent!
No vote while administration is under FBI investigation!
Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Sell out @senrobportman . SELL. OUT. 43235
"Absurd. I made a career recognizing absurdity. I know it when I see it." 
~Sen. Al Franken~ Grow a pair, Rob.
You don't address why not Merrick Garland. More voters wanted a Democrat to pick this judge by 3M. #StolenSeat
Plus, this administration is under FBI investigation and should not sit a lifetime appointment.
NO CONFIRMATION UNTIL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. We must know whats up w/the "prez" 1st. Have a #REALTownHallNOW #listentoUS
Because you hate America and democracy?
GOP threaten democracy with a partisan attack on our judiciary. Who's spending $17 million to install ideology?
If we had a President under FBI investigation what excuse would you use to not support her nominee?
Watching Spicer lie is like reading your tweets
Just going to refer to you now as " R.P Nunes"
#stolenseat this isn't about Neil Gorsuch, but the legitimacy of the Court! Garland or vacant!
this is a stolen seat. Shame on you for not giving Garland his due. #ohiovoter
Good god!How stupid do you think the people who voted you in are?Republican or Democrat?Do you NOT see what is going on! You do . Care not .
Not a good plan to put a for life seat in place while our government is so unsure .
He supports lies, deep pockets , and basically all things Trump . He represents the lies . So sad
No vote while WH is under investigation
should be no votes in a lifetime appt while trump is under investigation!
You must not support this weakling. We are watching. You have NO credibility with Ohioans, Senator.
This #SCOTUS pick was stolen. @POTUS is under criminal investigation. If situation were reversed, would you still vote yes?
Why I don't support Gorsuch's confirmation. I have a 15 year old daughter and I work for a living.
You and your clan of thugs showed NO respect for Merrick Garland! And now you want people to accept Gorsuch? NO!
But just last week his judgement was unanimously overturned. He is an extremist without a heart. You don't care?
NO!Gorsuch backed by Philip Anschutz, conservative billionaire of Koch "Dark Money" network #NoGorsuch
Gorsuch was appointed by someone under investigation for ties to an enemy of our state. Wait until that resolves.
NO!
your constituents say no!. Don't vote for him. Do what you are elected to do, represent your constituents.
he was chosen by a Russian operative. No no no on gorsich
We should not vote on a lifetime appointment while this administration is under FBI investigation.  #Trumprussia
You never go against your party.
because you are out for power and don't care about Ohio?
Garland was highly qualified and confirmed to his D.C. circuit seat w/ bipartisan support, but no SCOTUS hearing.
no confirmation until an independent investigation of Russian interference in our election-Trump's Russian ties is completed.
Cause you're a sellout that has no respect for women, minorities, or worker's rights?? Yeah. That's my take.
Trump should not be able to nominate someone when he is in the last year of his presidency. fair is fair
Just say "because I'm a republican and Trump nominated him," it would be a lot more truthful.
MERRICK GARLAND's stolen SCOTUS seat!
.@senrobportman  Judge Gorsuch’s POV expands the fiction that big businesses are people w/rights as/more important than actual people.
You are complicit in stealing the nomination from @POTUS44 & M. Garland, & handing it to a kleptocrat compromised by Russia.
.@senrobportman There is no evidence Gorsuch supports Muslims’ constitutional right to an equal place in our society.
Why we don't support Gorsuch: $17M in dark money. Gorsuch is beholden to these secret big bosses.  #NoGorsuch
Why would you support him?  Triplets-white, elitist entitled Republicans. You, Gorsuch, trump.  Kiss that tRump!
.@senrobportman A prof. recovering fm cancer was fired for requesting to telecommute during a flu epidemic, He sided with the school.
REALLY Portman? He even thinks corps are people. Everyone knows Soylent Green is people~ not corporations!
Why we don't support Gorsuch: his record on voting rights & campaign finance reform. #SCOTUS #NoGorsuch
No vote until Russia investigation complete
wrong choice again. So sad you don't represent your constituents.
Rob, once again you are against the American people.  You need to go.
I'm not seeing a lot of support here for your decision. R U receiving support on other forums besides corporate?
You shouldn't. You shouldn't support ANY lifetime conformations until #Russiagate. And you know it.
Why we don't support Gorsuch: Corporations are NOT people & unacceptable #LGBTQ record. #SCOTUS #NoGorsuch
.@senrobportman When a company fired a trucker for leaving his cargo to seek help in subzero temperatures, Gorsuch sided w/the company,
you support #Gorsuch because you are an affluent, able-bodied, white, male #GOPflunkie #sellout.
Why we don't support Gorsuch: Garland's stolen seat & #TrumpRussia investigation. #SCOTUS #NoGorsuch
You support MONSTER that denied disabled youths access to school & education!
All 8 SCOTUS agree w/ME, NOT YOU! 
@senrobportman @logandaily
8 Justices oppose Gorsuch.  Why you support him -  you are a toe the party line Republican.
No more white men on the Supreme Court.
did he donate to your campaign too?
Or you just like it when the Court takes away peoples' rights and puts money in your pocket.
if you vote for him while president is subject to an investigation, then you've lost my vote.
You might wanna listen to the current justices. They called out Gorusch's BS.
I will support his confirmation as soon as an independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia has been completed.
Sir, the man is an uncaring elite who has no understanding of the common people, despite his jovial act.
how so?
You know who should have gotten a hearing?  Merrick Garland.
exactly!
he's proven to favor corporations over American ppl. I'm not surprised in your support, considering your vote only costs $50k
he's proven to follow the law
.@senrobportman @logandaily  No vote while Trump Administration is under investigation for ties to Russia. Absolutely not.
