we should all have health care!
Children are victims in this crisis. Some end up in foster care. It makes no sense to subject kids in foster care to Medicaid cuts & caps.
Unreal that we'd hurt kids who r already vulnerable -many suffered more than these adults planning to take from them could ever understand!
Like . . . what?
Fully agree. That is why NOT cutting #Medicaid is so important for Ohio. Please vote No. thank you!
Yeah remember this when the senate wants to take our healthcare as a tax break for the rich. VOTE NO
Wouldn't "comprehensive" also mean fiscally responsible? Or even holding Big Pharma accountable for their complicity? You fail at both!
please be an American first as you consider your vote on health care.
So provide treatment. Vote NO to the AHCA, Retain Medicaid expansion with no cuts; provide secure subsidies to ACA.@OhioDistrict12
anyone of any faith, or no faith, should worry most about the least among us.
Found this interesting...
How is ending the Medicaid expansion part of this approach?
We need healthcare.  Women and children need healthcare.  We are your constituents.
How will making a drug addiction a pre-existing condition (making the addict ineligible for insurance) going to help?
Comprehensive approach possible w/diverse cmte. Include Dems, women & minorities, also elected to serve, & hold public hearings #Trumpcare
Only 17% approve of AHCA.No tax breaks to the rich.Taking health ins. away from the poor,disabled, prexist cond.,women,seniors,kids.Fix ACA!
How does slashing Medicaid & removing coverage for essential services like mental health & drug addiction help with that @senrobportman?
Let's help him vote NO
American Voters: Make sure to vote these men OUT OF OFFICE if they repeal ACA and try to replace it with garbage known as TrumpCare #AHCA
Throwing 23 million Americans off health I arrange is a good place to start, right Robbie?
Pls don't support GOP secret senatetrumpcare bill.  We can't afford to lose Medicaid, ACA & addiction rehab programs.
You are betraying Ohioans who counted on you to protect our health care and Medicaid expansion! SAD!
You're not going to be able to do that if you vote in favor of AHCA. #saveourcare
Let's help him see that. Governor Kasich gets it.  We need Portman's no vote on #medicaid cuts.
Shoot drug pushers
Planned Parenthood is the only facility in Richland County w/ free HIV testing. No Medicaid= HIV epidemic. You are warned, sir. #NoAHCA
It's worst, not worse. A comprehensive approach generally doesn't involve cutting the funding that pays for the approach. #ShowUsTheBill
Yet you are actively undermining treatment by supporting the horrorific #AHCA . You are a hypocrite and liar.
June 10th, 1935: Two men meet in Akron, Ohio. They were Bill Wilson & Dr. Bob. Happy "Founder's Day" weekend. 82nd Anniversary of A.A.
So cutting Medicaid is your solution? You are so out of touch it is #pathetic
Umm, like decent health care?
Hard to imagine a worse response to this crisis than the ACHA.
Of course, you got paid by Big Pharma (the one getting people hooked), and big insurance (who will make more money by not covering the sick.
You're working on a bill that will hurt this country's ability to solve this issue
Oppose the AHCA! Cuts to Medicaid and drug rehab programs will make the opioid crisis worse! Signed, an Ohio voter.
It will get worse if you support the repeal of the ACA. Your constituents will lose tx.
Drug addiction is a disease, not a crime.  The problem needs to be approached medically, not criminally.
Medicaid is CRUCIAL for my clients in AoD detox and people living with HepC and HIV.  #reality


Portugal decriminalised drugs 14 years ago – and now hardly anyone dies from overdosing | The Independent
Open hearings!!  No tax cut for the wealthy! What are you trying to hide?
Don't pass a healthcare bill that hurts the middle class! Don't do it!!
hmmm...affordable and comprehensive health care  is the answer. But you knew that. Problem is I have no money to "donate" to you campaign.
Agreed.  Will require YOU to think outside of that tiny little box your party dictates that your values & your votes must fit inside.
That should be worst, not worse. When will Republican tweeters learn to spell?
Remember that when you work on #AHCA.  People need help paying for rehab too. How about compassion for all?
And we need to maintain the #medicaidexpansion that has helped so many. No phase out!
Apparently "comprehensive" = "work in secret to destroy health care"
grammar much? Btw wouldn't a "comprehensive approach" include access to affordable health services? #ProtectOurCare #Resist
Yes and we need to keep Medicaid available for those who need it.
I wonder what would have happened if instead of locking our youth up we would have offered rehab ?
You must oppose #Trumpcare #AHCA. Why is the Senate ramming thru a secret bill without debate or hearings? Show courage. Don't be a coward.
Please do one thing. Research how many people with chronic pain committed suicide because doctors are afraid to treat them.
Worse for whom? Crack crisis in 80's - 90's was terrible but not a hint of compassion shown by Federal Government. Melanin issue I guess.
Stop the madness with the AHCA then! Insist on hearings and do not support attempts to ram it through. We're watching you Rob!
We won't get a comprehensive approach with the AHCA...inpatient and outpatient treatment costs money. Not sure the @GOP really cares though.
There are many reasons all of the professional medical associations said the bill was no good.
Want a comprehensive approach leave Repub. prty & can Trump/Pence. Part of it is simple the rest is investigation of Russian interference .
Does that comprehensive approach include healthcare to deal with this public health crisis?
We also need you to stand for America!!!  Against Russia!!  And by the way SINGLE PAYER please.
Kiss off, this is a least of our problems. Use citizens' tax $$ for the benefit of the entire country not self-induced drug addicts!
Repub approach cut off access to #rehab put them in #jail. We already privatized jails who cares about #rights. Plus the companies #donate
Do you see the irony in worrying about drug addiction while terminating #Medicaid expansion for poor?
Hold hearings, please.  You know what to do. #ahca
You vote for dangerous & disastrous #trumpcare, we vote YOU out of office. Ohioans aren't playing. #AHCA #VotePortmanOut
Preserve Medicaid expansion? No phase out?
Also need to support healthcare so people can get treatment. Reject back-office secret deals that cut healthcare for millions! #SavetheACA
We need tax reform!  Nix the August vacation and get it done!
Wow great idea.Are your republican bosses allowing you to tell us what the AHCA will do to help? Or you going to continue to follow orders?
And health insurance for all
I know what we can do: cut healthcare. That's sure to help.
Comprehensive nationalized health care will help, concentrate on supporting single payer health care for all Americans
Why all the secrecy about what Sen. GOP is doing on healthcare? Is Sen. GOP also rushing a lousy bill without full opportunity to debate??
A war has been secretly waged against America by many in GOP. Please read this book and help save America from #Fascism. We need a HERO. 
You mean comprehensive like ending #MedicaidExpansion so poor people have ZERO insurance?
You vetted immigrants but not healthcare? Get to work
Do you hear yourself!!
and medicaid
#ConManRob #MorallyBankrupt #TrumpCare #AHCA
Nah let's cut funding for drug treatment
But we in the USA can't afford to cover it with health care because we need more tax breaks for the uber wealthy and more military!!
Yeah healthcare would help. How are you voting ?
So vote no on AHCA. Keep the provisions for addiction and recovery provided by ACA.
You're going to rollback the Medicaid expansion that helps people in treatment.
"So let's start by taking away Medicaid"
—Sen Portman
So no health care for the drug crisis .But you will still have the best health care paid by tax payers
TRUMP Is Money Laundering The Profits From Drugs Guns And Sex Trafficking. ..Don't Expect Any Help From His Administration
How many tweets will you put out today without mentioning healthcare? I keep hearing McConnell speak about it but Ohioans are you bosses!!
County BHboards had big state funding cuts so their budgets are propped up by Medicaid expansion. Do you have a 7 year glide path for them?
What will cover their illness? Thoughts and prayers? Open hearings for the horrible AHCA are necessary. Not passed behind our backs.
They know open hearings would cause a national revolt. They still think they can do business as usual. That's gone. America has awakened.
I know, lets gut health care. No, that would be stupid. Who'd want to do that?
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.329
We also need coverage for treatment.
