Every GOP plan cuts coverage & raises rates. High deductible plans have been a cornerstone of Republican policy for decades.
Perhaps the phrase, "skin in the game" rings a bell? It should.
WHY we need it repealed; then work on way to stimulate competition with private insurance companies
How the F are you going to deliberately hamstring ACA and then complain about what YOU did? #Resign
what is it making premiums increase? Can you point me towards this information please?
Your nuts.  Premiums used to skyrocket.  Your votes, had they passed would have refueled thoae rockets.  #Retire #quit
Then come up with a better plan BEFORE you get rid of the current one. Quit whining and work together
So why are you obstructing the effort to do something about it? #MAGA
JUST IN: Ohio Dept of Insurance says CareSource will sell ACA health plans in Ohio's Paulding County. No more empty ACA counties.

Your party has no answers bipartisanship is the answer
Again not true. Same rate of rise in costs 5 years before as 5 years after #ACA . Do. Your. Homework.
Shouldn't have wasted those 7 years and came up with something better. Use your heart and brain and not your wallet and you just may fix it.
There's that propaganda again. Can't play it both ways. We want to keep the #AffordableHealthcareAct #equal #affordable #quality #win
You've been there seven years. What have you done besides pushing repeal? 

Listen to Kasich and try to solve problems.
Yes!
If you are not happy with the ACA, work with the Democrats and fix it. Stand up to the insurance companies.
We deserve better than you.
Do you think you are not responsible for that?  You are! #SaveACA
If we deserve better, then why did YOU vote in favor of something that would be WORSE, raising premiums 20% and stripping 16 million of ins?
Then time to fix it with the Democrats! Repeal should no longer be an option. What the Republicans offered was a unacceptable.
True! We DO deserve better; Start with resignations from GOP Senators who deliberately hamstrung ACA; I'm talking about you; @senrobportman

Continue work on ACA repeal.  Don't stop; persevere.  Replacing the failed system is necessary, but does not have to be on the same timeline
This is a false narrative as it does not give the entire context of healthcare, its cost and how it is paid and your responsibility to serve
Thrilled w/ our coverage in Ohio exchange which covers our child w/ many disabilities. Furious at Trump for sabotaging the system. Lead!!!!!
Glad for you; sad for those I know who have lost their insurance or don't qualify for ACA & can't pay their own. Keep the good; fix the bad

Some good news for Obamacare in Ohio: insurers will fill 19 of the state’s empty 20 counties. 

http://www.insurance.ohio.gov/Newsroom/Pages/07312017ExchangeCounties.aspx …
Than help President Trump repeal the ACA and get something that will work
You had your chance to show yourself as a legislator for the people. You've had how many years to work with Dems & you didn't. Will you now?
So, what's your plan, Portman?
Yes we do. Your resignation would be a great start
What a collosal waste of time. Make no mistake, @senrobportman is a lockstep #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is his legacy.
...we deserve better than what Republican have to offer, which is millions losing coverage while the rich get huge tax breaks.
Insurance companies exploit the current government unwillingness to regulate them.  Their profit margins should not be guaranteed!,
@senrobportman is a sociopath; DELIBERATELY placed obstacles on ACA just so he could complain about HIS OWN IMPOSED OBSTACLES! #DIRTY
You know you could have fixed what is broken rather than sabotage ACA.  Still a follower, not a leader.
Exactly!
End it.  The Federal gov't has no reason to be in the health insurance industry.
800k Ohioans gained coverage under #ACA. You voted to repeal it with no replacement. We do not want to hear any more from you on healthcare.
Senator Portman did not vote for straight repeal; just put in a coward's vote for a bill he knew was terrible.
He voted yes on the "skinny" repeal.
True.
This may be so but voting to approve a replacement bill that strips millions of care doesn't make you the best advocate for Ohio  citizens!

MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
Define Affordable
Please stop justifying your vote.  You need to work with the Dems to fix the ACA.  The GOP is working to destroy it and hurt Ohioans.
You & #GOP #Senators had 7 years & now both houses & president & couldn't pass a bill. Ohioans deserve better than what you've done so far.
Don't forget Rob Portman voted to take our right to health care away. He'll pay for that when he's up for reelection in 2022
You've offered no solutions that would lower premiums or deductibles. And both of those would go down if the subsidies were properly funded.
So unify and give us a CLEAN REPEAL! Improve Medicare and Medicaid
Because of senators like you who have tried at every turn to eradicate anything President Obama has done. You care more about power than US
Congratulations. All of your proposed alternatives have given  the #affordablecareact unprecedented popularity. People don't trust you.
You deserve to be covered by the same shit plan you cook up.
Fake news
Yur plan was 2 take away healthcare care from Ohioans Way 2 care for your State #AwaysVoteWithTrump You dont care about the the middle class
Maybe if republicans look at the original ACA and add back the items you all voted out we could have a better plan.
Such platitudes, you sound like a failed liberal democRat who shoved Obamacare down everyone's throat. I think it's easier to FIRE senators.
So amend the bill to allow purchase over state lines. There’s your solution. Stop being a baby and work with Democrats.
Your actions speak louder than your tweets.
Thousands of small business owners like myself (a constituent) see the simple math.  One Nation. One Risk Pool.
Yet you voted against repeal.
Walk across the isle and work with the dems to tweak Obamacare.
Then fix it. Stop trying to screw Ohioans in the meantime. GOP broke it in the 1st place. Take responsibility for your actions.
"The focus should be on improving the affordability of health care for every American."
Now is the time for YOU to lead a #bipartisan address to improving ACA insurance exhcanges and opioid crisis.  Leave #Medicaid alone.
How about you offer us up your health insurance package Mr. Portman. What do your premiums cost. Are you elitist?
You could also do away with earned income credit deduction use that money to help pay. Good health care is more valuable.
Vets and seniors could go where they needed to. Doctors would no longer not accept medicaid because that would be all the is.
Single payer senator. Medicaid for all. The system is already in place. No need for VA anymore use that money. Same with medicare.
Then come up with one instead of tax breaks,  it'd be nice if we could just walk into a Dr's office and not worry about how much it cost.
Per the CBO, the skinny repeal you voted for would INCREASE premiums   by 20%. How is this progress?  Be a leader, not a follower.
Yeah they deserve lawmakers that work for them. At least they have Sherrod.
So co-sponsor S 1782, American Health Security Act and fire the insurance companies..
You and the rest of the republicans make it not affordable, you punish us to your own gain.  single payer is the answer.
Republicans have ruined what could have been a strong program. You should be ashamed of your partisan hackery that created this problem.
Your party sabotaged it. Your career is over.
Be the republican rebel and introduce single payer legislation!!
#trumpspuppet
You are worse than them bc you let them control you #trumpspuppet
Be a leader, but the repub, McConnell and trumps puppet
#hack
#hypocrite
But you sat behind closed doors like bullies on a playground refusing to make better.   Grow up.   Be a man.  Work for those who voted 4 u
so why did you vote against repealing it?
Tell President Trump not to undermine the marketplace further! Time to get behind it and give us options! Reform the ACA!
You typical politician. You could have gotten rid of the ACA but you decided that getting $$$ from the insurance co's was more important Sad
So you voted to RAISE premiums rather than sit down with Dems and figure this all out?
then fix it. You're not getting a repeal, so@reach across the isle and do your job. Work to improve ACA for your constituents
7 years and no plan? 3rd party payers are driving prices
Yes that sounds good. Could you work with Dems to get it done before Trump pulls the plug?
Bullshit! Stop lying. It's working fine for me. Not to mention all the Ohioans helped by the Medicaid expansion!
Then stop the partisan politics and improve  it for all, no one deserves to suffer because they cannot afford medicine, treatment, care
How come u don't care Obama care @senrobportman Your not getting re-elected Rob. Not after this pic circulates
.@senrobportman shame on you. I see right through you. I knew u vote w/your party instead  4 us Ohioans. Come Nov 2023 u will b fired 45840
Stop criticizing and start bi-partisan fixing
You realize how your party has encouraged insurers to bail on the ACA right?
Stop pretending like you care about us. You're just a selfish rich guy just like the rest of them.
Then fix what's wrong with it. Why is that so hard?
Repeal the ACA and work for something better. Get the Fed Govt out if HC, stop expanding Medicaid, and spending others money. 3.8% tax gone.
and you sir are coward for not repealing!
Tell us something we dont know. You should have voted for repeal.
You literally voted for a plan that would have increased premiums by 20% a year. Your empty rhetoric is empty, Senator.
So fix the #ACA, the answer was never a plan that hurts millions. Stop shutting Democrats out.This has to be a #BIPARTISAN effort.
Medicaid for all.
Open Medicaid enrollment to all on sliding fee scale @ affordable rates. Problem solved.
You had 7 yrs to fix it!  Now, it's our problem bc the GOP can't put their big boy pants on
Choice plummeted because Big Insurance companies LOBBYING. #1 Reason NO Single Payer? Big Insurance/Big Pharma won't profit as OBSCENELY!!
We deserve someone who is willing to VOTE and FIGHT for the people of Ohio. You are not that someone. #deplorable vote on #Trumpcare
56 likes and 426 responses!  Uhh, you maybe getting some inkling here?
A lot of words, @senrobportman.  Work across the aisle.  This is not Debate Club.
You know what else OH can't afford? A senator like you... you serve the Kochs not the Buckeye State.
So what did you do? Play politics
Rob we know all of this and you and all your GOP buds had 7yrs to fix this and you all failed big time #Trumpcare sucked and you knew it !!!
Then fix the premiums. #SaveACA
We need gov. Regulation for #GMOs. Ban the cultivation all across the nation!
Its time to keep ur promise and just repeal. When it goes to free market that is only the way for lower costs.Lets keep away from single pay
How much would they have went up without aca
Your party has had 7 years to come up w/a better plan & the best you could do is cobble together a bunch of rushed, partisan crap in secret?
Then work in a bipartisan manner to FIX IT. #RepealAndReplaceRob #BadForOhio
you need to look at the models in other countries and design an EXCELLENT single payer system. No excuses.
I can't wait to be rid of the insurance I currently have under the ACA.  The worst I've ever had.  I'll find my own next time.
Would that be because your party prevented ObamaCare from addressing premiums?
How about you work on an actual plan to fix it instead of playing politics in the Senate???
There's a g8 # who've benefited frm @JohnKasich's Medicaid expansion.Follow with @SenJohnMcCain's integrity and courage #OffThePartisanWagon
You are absolutely wrong on this.   I've told you time and time again how it's working for people.  Take your loss and move on
Put up or shut up. Cannot believe how much you want to sulk and whine when you could be an agent for change and reach out to Dems. So sad.
You have no idea what you're talking about!  0!  So tired of your empty rhetoric!  Premium increases are at their lowest levels since 2011
Do you know what happened in 2011???  #ACA!
The more people paying in the lower the the premiums.  You just don't want to face the truth!  No Repeal and Replace... Improve
You need primaried! Another RINO being paid by lobbyist and other crooks!  POS!
Your insurance company lobbyists are happy. What's the problem Rob?
Then stop sabotaging it!
I was born in Youngstown. There are way to fix ACA without throwing it all out. Work across the aisle please!
And why did these things happen? Do you have any real solutions?
Not true.   You aren't talking to real people who are real happy with their health care coverage.   Stop the silliness.
Then why didn't you vote for full repeal like you ran and promised us?
Fed Govt is supposed reimburse insurance companies to keep it affordable and encourage choice. Do That First!
Where does it mention you talking to your constituents, Senator? I don't see us mentioned at all? Will you listen to us? #Save32Mil #FixACA
Work together with Democrats to FIX the ACA not gut it. Premiums will rise if companies don't receive promised Medicaid subsidies.
Remember, you guys never ever stop to get think all Americans needed afford HC. Now that Dems did it y'all suddenly know what's best.
Ohioans must be stupid to think you cared about the healthcare before ACA. You tried 7 versions & came up with .
Still making up crap after all these years...
Yes $770 p/p with $4K deductible for a silver plan in Columbus is not affordable. Why can't customers/patients know the price of services?
You march in lock-step with Dear Leader Trump. Stop the crocodile tears. You did the unforgivable by voting the party line on healthcare.
Sir, you received $382,100 in payments from Insurance and pharmaceutical companies. Doesn't sound like you have Our best interests in mind.
The President YOU support is threatening the marketplace and threatening to withhold subsidies. You helped draft an abysmal bill that....
Cost millions of Americans their insurance. This is on you. You need to fix what's broken, not sabotage it even more. Do your damn job.
We do...public buy in for Medicare would solve many of these problems.  Looking forward to discussing @ next town hall.
Your suggestion was to go back to the "wild west" days before the ACA, where people simply didn't have insurance. That is not a solution.
and yet you failed to fix it. Instead you towed the R party line of "repeal & replace" instead of passing leg. that made ACA better.
Hypocrite
Its really not a good plan but much better than both GOP bill. Legislate in a bipartisan way and fix the ACA. Forget to rich!
Why don't you work with some Dem colleagues then, instead of hiding from constituents and cowardly voting with you party?

OMG Would you please STOP! Just do your job and work with the @SenateDems No one likes a whiner.
WELL FIX IT ,WORK WITH DEMS AND FIX IT . quit being stupid
Choice has plummeted because Republicans hav destabilized the market. If you want to help Ohioans, stop jeopardizing affordable care.
#SinglePayer
So you'll vote the party line. If you change your mind & will work w/the D's and Kasich in good faith ON THE ACA we'll be there for you
And you can't do both, Mr. PORTMAN. You've misled us continuously. At least have the guts to admit you will tow Mitch's rope NO MATTER WHAT
#medicaid4all
Then work with democrats to improve the ACA. Purposefully trying to sabotage the market is cruel. Ohioans deserve better.
Work on fixing what is now in place.Stop Trump's idea to let ACA fail.That will hurt many families. Is that why you serve? To destroy lives?
Yes, we know.  What do YOU want to do about it?  This is why the GOP can't pass a bill there's no substance just complaining.
Give the propaganda a rest, Rob. We know exactly who did/is doing what to the ACA.  How do you stomach yourself? I know you make me ill.
So you voted for a bill that would increase everyone's premiums by 20% next year?
Quit posturing and get together with Dems...find a solution.
Then fix Obamacare so it doesn't collapse rather than getting rid of it. The Democrats will work WITH you on that. It can work for all.
Can you please tweet your suggested improvements rather than just your GOP talking points against ACA?
2/2 Our raises haven't kept up w/ h/c premiums FOR YEARS.  I have a 6k deduct.  This whole system is broken.  Time for single payer.
1/2 Premiums/deducts have skyrocketed & choice has plummeted for those with employer based h/c too. I wrk at a Fortune 500 company.
Does this make you feel better about your actions against the people of Ohio? We know better.
As a #smallbiz owner I expect you to step across the aisle & work WITH the Dems to create a healthcare plan that works for all.
Fix it w/ Dems or consider single payer. The BCRA (which you voted for) would've exacerbated every complaint you've voiced against the ACA
Didn't you just tweet something about finding bi partisan solutions?  How does this help that?
Maybe someone should have told McCain
Why didn't you vote for repeal then, liar
SENATOR, are you reading these tweets? Holding town meetings throughout the state?  PROBABLY NOT!
We deserve a Senator better than you!
And your plans would've reduced accessibility even more and raised premiums and provided tax cuts for the top % on the backs of middle & low
Fix the damn bill or legitimately go to universal single payer equal right.
You have been in Congress for at least seven years. What have you done to make healthcare more affordable?
I bet he prayed.
So why didn't Sen Brown vote for repeal?
Nonsense. Republican obstructionism is the primary thing hurting the ACA.
Your fault. Voted against fixing it. Do your job
No kidding!!! It's not affordable anywhere. It's a tax!!!
But the bills (that YOU voted for) would've made care cost MORE for patients. If you don't understand that, I'm astonished!
Perhaps it's time to model other countries; single payer
I pay for my insurance, who pays for yours?
If U engage Democrats in earnest attempt to fix healthcare, U would have chance 4 meaningful change Americans need. Don't kneel to Trump.
Crazy idea - try and work with Dems to fix the problems with ACA. Why make things more unstable for people?  Fix what we have in place.
Right.  So your solution is to take it away from millions and raise premiums plus screw anyone with existing conditions.  Your a saint.
You're the party in power. You can fix it.
