I Don't Believe the Senate Will Ever Let That Over Seas Money Get Back To US Without THEIR Cut? Dumb
then why didn't you support Pres O when he tried to pass bill to encourage repatriation of money??????
START WITH TRUMP. He has Chinese people make his clothes
Unfortunately you're not doing it right, you're just taking care of the Kochs & their holdings, not average #Ohioans
So you're not going to do it right. No firm will give up the near-slave wages in China, India, etc., to save what taxes they already avoid.
Why Dems R so obsessed with illigals &waste valuable time on our dime?They need 2serve US citizens not iliigals.
We need 2Fire& Replace them
The idea presented is DOA. What did the poor and middle class do to you all to be abused like you plan?
Explain why workers  wages went down after the Reagan tax cuts and why Trump needs $1 billion tax reduction. @houseGOP
L
EITHER STAND BY THE PEOPLE OR GO WITH THE ILLEGALS TO THEIR COUNTRY FOR GOOD! WE DON'T WANT THESE MURDERERS HERE! THEY ARE A THREAT TO US!
If you do it right rich people will pay more. Why don't you just go overseas and give us a break from being treated like we are imbecils.
The same sad song got us to 2007!! Show the people in what years did trickle down work.
Its going to cost me more and make trumps richer some plan
@GOP hate the little guy. This is all about tax breaks for wealthy and corporations. Call, email, fill the streets.
You guys are just fooling yourself these corporations are going to bring back assets into this country and then pay taxes on them
No u aren't
Should Dreamers blame the US or their parents who put them in this situation?  Parent gambled on kids future by illigelly entering USA &lost
Senator, U can attract millenniums. Student loans R a mess. Why not reducing loan2 principle& split it 4ways,fed,bank,state& Students.Thx
If ? Lol that is the big joke here you crooks are saying if an hope those do not inspire confidence
In other words, more tax breaks for big business sending their profits overseas to avoid paying U.S. taxes?
Oh, wow. by letting them bring it back in with little to no tax effect. I am SO impressed,
1)How so? The  going overseas is b/c ownership of corporate entities chartered in the USA r being bought by foreign  (lots of rubles). It
2) won't b any benefit 2 the ppl 4 corporate tax rates 2b 20%! Once again, the ppl of the USA pay an inproportionant amt of the tax revenues
3)the worker's tax is taken b4 they receive a penny! That is if their annual salary is less than$114k. The consumer pays the massive profits
4)2the wealthy corporate entities; then pays again through their tax  going 2 corporate subsides/tax breaks & contracts. The average worker
5)wage is $40-$60k. The tax 4 the average worker wld b 12-35%! Does that include payroll deductions 4 SS&Med? Then the worker pays tax on
6)property/utilities/purchases which enables the profits made by corporations. It wld b great if @SenateMajLdr @robportman cld explain how
7)their "tax reform" wld b good 4 any1 other than the wealthy! Why wld entities that r lrgly owned by foreign  bring jobs 2 the USA? Is it
8)the workers in the USA will continue having stagnate wages? Is it b/c USA legislative officials r not seeking 2 help the majority of ppl?
All you're going to do is create more wealth for the top 1%. Create jobs by giving the middle class and poor more money to spend.
I wanted to give you more likes alas, only 1 allowed.
Get the job done or you will be out.
LIAR
Will you keep track of how many jobs are created by these companies?
Keep up the lies!!!!!
No trust in Portman, trump and in the GOP! Party for the rich
"If" the GOP does it right?  ha ha ha ha ha
Best do it right then
Proven fact; tax reform does not create growth or jobs.
GOP working TAX REFORM for BILLIONIARES.  FEMA got a million meals to 3,000,000 in PUERTO RICO in last 8 days. Trump waiting for donations?

And I have some swamp land for sale!
How about bringing $ back from the Caymans & Switzerland? And how about the rich paying their fair share of taxes? #liars
Dump Mitch or you all go down! Name just ONE thing he accomplished.
What about the Trumps and their not made in the US merchandize?
When the lowest tax rate goes up2% someone else is getting the tax break
Brownback's tax experiment in Kansas was a disaster. Don't force it on the rest of us. #BrownbackDisaster #TaxReform
VOTE OUT GOP ASAP.  PUERTO RICO, Racism, Cutting Healthcare, Russia, TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES", DACA just too much to deal with.
R'S have 75 CONGRESS SEATS UP IN 2018.  PORTMAN GOT TO GO.  PUERTO RICO, Racism, Cutting Healthcare, Russia, BILLIONAIRES TAX CUTS" .BAD.
Tax reform is not the same thing as giving the rich another tax cut they don't need.
Trickle down economics doesn’t work. It’s been proven twice now #TaxcutsForTheRich #racists
Tax break for repatriated earnings fails workers. 2004 breaks went to top few, #jobs were cut, #research curtailed
why not do 1 time amnesty of all income tax for bringing money back if  it is verifiable directly invested in equipment or new employees
Tax Cuts Do Not Create Jobs.  Please stop lying to the American people. More money in pockets if done right - but for Middle Class?
Certainly hope you aren't thinking that US corporations will suddenly invest their tax savings. They're sitting on billions of $$ right now.
Under the Republican plan, a family of four would gain $11,300 in standard deduction, and simultaneously lose $16,200 in personal exemptions
Bullshit
Tax breaks will cause loss of trillions of dollars in revenue for US.To prevent another trump bankruptcy what gets cut?Education Healthcare
Please keep Sen rob away from anything that has to do with economic policy. Remember what   He & W did. #fakefoxnews
"Right ..." nice choice of words
Sliding scale - the more a company reinvests - provides better pay - the less corp tax.
@ohiogop  suggested today we implement JFK's tax reform plan, cap marginal rates for individuals at 65% and setting corporate rate at 47%
if you give tax cuts to the wealthiest- then guess u are not addressing the avg American - no prob w lower corp rate-have req reinvestment
Trickle Down Again? Hasn’t worked in 40 years. What’s different today?
#Bullshit

Does McConnell have the votes? If not goodbye GOP!
Ditch Mitch!
We don't want to hear about taxes until Trump releases his.


Can you pass it?  Can you?
pretty big if, Senator. Remember, Working ppl are counting on you. We make <$20/hr. We don't hv discretionary funds. Tax credits don't help.
If you want to see the GOP tax plan in action, take a look at Kansas.
Stop talking just DO IT! Dems desperate to save their Socialist States Cali & New York from paying their own way. Americans have had enough!
By doing it 'right' I assume this will be a bipartisan process with hearings, debates, time for amendments and a full CBO analysis. Right?
You guys know that literally no one likes this guy right?
No tax reform is going to amount to a hill of beans if there is daca amnesty or any other kind of amnesty - golden goose will be cooked
Did I hear Gary Cohn right that if I itemize I won't benefit from this tax deduction?
Repatriation without requirements that money is spent creating jobs is nonsense..  Went to stock buy backs & dividends last time.
Pass through business change will mostly benefit hedge funds, private equity firms #stopthesethievingliars #stealingfromUS

Liar. Corps having record profits, cheap borrowing costs which they used to buy back shares not invest in US. #stopthesethievingliars
Corporations have already dipped into overseas cash by issuing debt that will be repaid with repatriation dollars, don't mislead us.

I can always count on #GOP to work for the rich. No one believes in “trickle down” anymore @SenRobPortman
Job shortage not problem, especially in Ohio. Problem is low wages and benefits. High cost childcare. Corporations will pocket money.
This is bs.  It gives trump major tax cuts and no deal saved at companies will do anyone one job!  All fake
Why couldn't there be some requirements tied to it so it doesn't just go to share holders - better wages - more capital
This Tax outline is lacking in the reality arena. Great talking points but follow thru on it will be not so good. Bi-partisan.
Tax cuts for rich.  Nothing for middle class. The logic of your "simplification" is not there. Can you guys get anything right?
GOP still hasnt pro.ised that Middle and lower class wont pay more. But they are yelling corporate tax breaks. You represent people not corp
That should have worked 50 years ago...
HOW?  This is all talk. There is no bill. Just you're going to cut taxes for the Rich & no plan to pay for it.
Why do you want to give more money to rich corporations and take it away from our government? What would motivate you to do this? Honestly?
Good question.
speaking of saving American's money, you'll be a definite YES vote on Sen. Lieu's SWAMP act right?
Price, Pruitt, Mnuchin...#Trump Admin. corruption must stop! #SwampFlyerAct stops taxpayer $ for private jet travel: http://bit.ly/2yayolw  
Oh the Senate what a cesspool of politicians you all need to put America first not ideals not illegals not crime
There is lots of historical data that proves that trickle down economics doesn't work. And now the GOP  wants to try again. Insanity.
Right is the optimal word.
Rob Portman is a coward and a bad father.
Rob Portman, who has a gay son, won't criticize Roy Moore, who wants to make being gay a crime, because taxes http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/27/roy-moore-senate-republicans-no-comment-243220 … 
So, as been suggested so far , new plan for married families making under 79000 will pay more ? Aren’t those the ones you all keep promising
Yeah, the dems will come up with a good plan. Certainly isn't GOP's current of 
Did you do right by including bi-partisan support/input? Asking for a friend...
It’s not that I don’t believe you, but I don’t believe you. Trickle Down under a new name is still economically irresponsible. And unfair.
make the death tax and no tax cuts for the rich, Company tax at 15% is ok make the death tax 15% also.
Could you give a specific example from a business that would use the tax break for #jobs? Say, a guarantee from a business?
POTUS calls it tax cuts.  Absolutely no plan for good jobs.  Orders for private jets will soar. Get our money back from Price/Pruitt/DeVos.
You're a liar. We have already done this. Anyone w/half a brain remembers what happened then - Corps gave $$ to execs & share-holders. NO NEW JOBS!
A lower rate for corporations than the middle class??  WTF senator??  Why don't you just announce that you hate working families?

How do feel about increasing deficit? If you want end burdensome regulations stop lower rates for wall street broker gains. keep estate tax
On the backs of middle America with a tax cut for the wealthy. NO. THANK. YOU.
Wake up Lisa!
And how will Seniors suffer under thus reform plan?

So far it's not looking right rich get richer poor get poorer middle-class becomes poor what jobs?
IF is the biggest word in the dictionary
I'm willing to bet the rich get richer and the politicians get re-elected and the mid class gets the end of the stick with poop on it. #MAGA
Yes. If we do it RIGHT.  No more breaks for the millionaires and corporations. Small business should be 20% or less actually..not zillion  corporations
Name one lemming oops,  I mean Democrat who dares cross the aisle, and I'll show you Schumer's next victim.
SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!
And if you do it wrong we’ll get the Republican plan.
Tax cuts for the 1% only help the 1%.
Everyone agrees: 1. If we do #TaxReform right, we’re going to bring back $ from overseas & create more jobs in America. 2. GOP plan doesn't.
Reagan & Bush tax cuts to those "job creator" did nothing except the rich got richer middle-class strained & poor poorer & blamed their lot
Then why are you throwing away money in tax cuts for the affluent?  There's no shortage of capital and they won't spend the winfall.
Tax reform is toilet paper without spending cuts. Live on 90% of what we take and use other 10% to pay down debt #gop #teaparty
If you do it right?  As if that would ever happen when souls have already been sold via Citizens United
You won't pass tax reform the same way you won't pass Obamacare repeal. The @GOP is doomed if you don't pass both and then wall funding. mmw


Not my senator
Seeing as how Pubs have done nothing right to this point,  what makes you think you'll do this right?
unlikely, the rich will get richer and deficit will increase
@FairTaxOfficial #GovSpendingLessReform
Need to do like dems..if Ya don't fall in line with party then ya get no $ for re-election. BC at this rate ALL of U gonna lose your seats.
NOT SO MUCH....
But this plan IS NOT RIGHT!!! It helps the wealthiest & will INCREASE DEFICIT BY TRILLIONS! TRICKLE DOWN HAS NOT WORKED!!!!!!!
This is a tax cut for trump and the rich that will raise the debt
Even the Democrats should like the idea of more money.

Make NO MISTAKE WE WILL NOT BLAME TRUMP OF #Obamacare DOESN'T GET REPEALED! We will blame senate republicans! Period #VoteEmOut
No tax cuts until @realDonaldTrump releases his returns
Write a tax plan that benefits the middle class and poor
Trickle down Econ is a myth
I'm sure you will purposely screw this one up too. You're one of the handful of Never-Trumpers who hate Trump more than doing what's right.
No, trickle-down doesn't work. #taxreform
Trump and Republicans are still pushing trickle-down bullshit. It's never worked and never will. #TaxReform https://twitter.com/TomSteyer/status/913117438195015680 …
Blah blah blah 
Starlight, starbright, first star I see tonight.  I wish I may, I wish I might...  Come on, you  know you're hanging on a wish & a prayer.
GET IT DONE!!!!
More money to corporations has NEVER EVER lead to new Jobs When the Middle Class has more money the Economy Grows the Rich never build jobs
Show me the numbers!
I'll leave this here.

I was a big Rob Portman supporter (even for President), but his actions on OC repeal have shattered that. I'll never believe him again.
Then get it done and stop bumping your gums about and use the Nuclear option if you have too

Trump's Wednesday night pitch for his tax-reform plan was filled with alternative facts http://vntyfr.com/qbVrihs 
That is a complete hoax
these Goons Of Putin Koch suckers' being bribed to pass tax deform!
Deform. I like that phrase.
Zero correlation between the 2

ZERO

You can't empirically justify that statement in any way
IF
Cut the corporate tax rate IF you abolish all the loopholes for every single lobby.

Don't play with exemptions/deductions/MID/Child EIC 
#GOP tax cuts will create a Wonderland where everyone is happy & gets what they need. And it won't enrich the rich at ALL!
All you are doing is providing tax breaks for GOP donors.  No one is fooled.
@GOP can't tie their own shoelaces. The party of hate, lies, and corruption. No thanks
OKAY Taxes we can talk about taxes when @realDonaldTrump releases his until then it is about Russia...
Then how the GOP got us into this mess....
BIG CORPS buy up MORE competition w tax savings & their foreign tax hoards. They don't CREATE jobs or raise wages.
America's FREE market is joke. John Oliver breaks down our corporate "MERGING" industries. http://time.com/4955327/john-oliver-corporate-consolidation-last-week-tonight/ …
At least you are doing one thing right. Why can't you get rid of Obama Care? The worst idea ever!
SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S AMERICA 1ST AGENDA! VOTE 'YES' TO TAX REFORM!
BS YOU WILL CREATE MORE MONEY IN BANKS NOT GOING TO PEOPLE.
you mean bring in more money for top 1%. Senate & @WhiteHouse full of liars and most destructive in our history.
How'd those GWBush tax cuts work for ya? Oh, geez, that's right. They didn't.
They worked by not creating jobs or stock market gains.  They worked only in the bizarro world of Republicans' minds.
Increase the deficit cut Medicare SocSec while taxing middleclass who use exemptions giving @realDonaldTrump tx brks 4 cap gainsTELLTHETRUTH

You mean fuck the middle class so more
The last tax repatriation holiday led to share buyback... how did that create jobs? #false
