We are going to be revisiting this tweet in the weeks to come, I predict.
Please keep in mind that people struggling with opioid addiction aren't the only vulnerable Ohio citizens who depend on Medicaid and the ACA
Please don't be bought off by a few extra dollars targeted at the opioid problem. More is needed.
A bipartisan solution is needed.
Talking is good. But any solution has to begin with protecting Medicaid funding and expansion. No compromise on that, ever.
TY PLZ WRK W/DEMs TO REPAIR NOT REPEAL. DRIVE DOWN CHRG BY RX & MEDICAL SB PRIORITY TO FIX COST. THAT'S THE WHITE ELEPHANT 2 FIX AS WELL
43040 DISABLED W/MANY PREEXISTING & SON IS AUTISTIC W/OTHER MH DISABIL. REPAIR NOT REPLACE 4 US. DON'T CARE MUCH 4 ME AS DO FOR SON. :'( :'(
Get on board now. Are you conservative or liberal?The new health care is very modest slowing of growth of Medicaid after O's mass increase
Please pass health care bill! We need to replace Obama care please.
Obama Care is failing, we cannot sustain the cost and we DON'T want single payer!
BTW, any thoughts on Ohio’s proposed budget w/r/t “protecting #Ohio’s most vulnerable citizens”?
Think big! Fix healthcare, don't cut taxes for the rich and help the middle class and the most vulnerable. Work with everyone.
Today's 45B is a "symbolic tweak". Do u care abt your constituents or do u just want to look like you care? Stand up for Medicaid.
Just heard you want an OH kickback for drug addicts in OH before you will vote to protect the healthcare of regular folks @RandPaul @POTUS
The first thing is a "No!" vote on TrumpCare. That is what your constituents want from you.
Tax lottery winnings 19%
Kick deadbeats off Medicaid.  Raise taxes on cigarettes,  alcohol, pop, lottery. Stop making middle class America pay for DEADBEATS!
Yes, please FIX the problems i/o "repealing & replacing later" Americans need healthcare while you figure it out. TBD is no good! 
Thanks  for agreeing to vote no on that horrible bill. The bill is bad for so many, but especially those with individual plans like myself.
Please do not let McConnell bully you and offer some "save face" measure in exchange for your vote. You know this bill is bad for OH and US
Thank you for standing up for us against this terrible bill! Pls continue.  opioid crisis isn't only problem w it!
Yes, please keep talking! That bill as is will not work for us!
It's about time. Stop listening to the pharm and insurance lobbyists and maybe you will get somewhere. Tell Sen. Whobbleneck
If Republicans don't fix healthcare, I am one of the many who will leave the party! @seanhannity @POTUS @FoxBusiness
Thank you for holding to what the people of Ohio need in healthcare!  Keep up the good work.
only explanation is that you are greedy as one can be and are accepting $from big corp lobbyists.u don't care about the needy
I hope that means female as well as bipartisan colleagues.
If there is a bipartisan meeting on healthcare Democrats should send an entirely female delegation - I am thinking Harris, Warren, Duckworth
Klobuchar, Gillibrand, McCaskill
Your colleagues? As in both sides or as in McConnell? We're watching whether you protect those with pre existing conditions.
Please don't forget those of us who have worked our whole lives and hope to retire in the next 5-10 yrs!! We can't afford trumpcare!!!
Way to go Rob standing up to the Turtle that low-T supplement is really working out
Please vote NO! The ACA needs some changes but this is not the way. Listen to your constituents and the most medically vulnerable in Ohio.
Implement Herman Cain 9-9-9 policy. Raise taxes $9.00 on cigarettes,  $9.00 on qt of alcohol,  $9.00 on 12 pk of Pop.  Tax lottery 5%
Vote NO on AHCA to save Medicaid for disabled, elderly, women and children. Fix ACA to serve all Americans. DONT SELL YOUR VOTE!
Repair, not repeal. It can be done!
Thank you Senator Portman. It's something I appreciate about you: you get out there and ask us and go the next step: you listen and act.
LOL, The tweet right after yours:

"As far as I can tell, Portman's last Town Hall was Oct 29, 2014 - 
972 days ago." 

So much listening.
Trying to give a shoutout when something goes right
Your conservatives have no heart.They will never agree with the D's.Buffett is right: single payer in the near future. Stay strong!
I fear that your boy Mitch will throw a few million your way (4 opiod care)for a yes vote. But what about Medicaid for the poor and Vets?
How about talking w constituents? Town hall where all might be invited?????
Here's a concept. Take it out of Old Man McConnell hands and go bipartisan.  McConnell is fucking senile.
I will be watching how you vote
What we need most is to fix our existing framework so it can better serve Ohioans' critical needs. Forget repeal, let's just improve.
You should talk to Ohio's most vulnerable citizens, as opposed to your colleagues, to figure out what needs to be done for them.
Thank you, In Jesus' name.
try talking to democrats and stop leaving half of our voices out of the conversation behind closed doors.
Improve Obamacare.
please bring nurses to the table for the discussion. We have ideas. @RNAction @ANANursingWorld @AFTunion @OhioNursesAssoc
maybe a town hall with your constituents during the holiday break ... you know phony @SenateMajLdr won't do it ........
Why not try working with Dems and for the good of the most vulnerable?
Colleagues on the other side of the aisle??? Please??? Health care is not a partisan issue. Write a health bill, not a tax bill.
Prove it. Stand up to McConnell and keep Ohioans' healthcare safe. Vote against the AHCA.
The most vulnerable shld be protected but not those who don't want to get off their butts. They want to feed off the rest of us. #NORECESS
How about your constituents?
Pls work w/ dems to tweak ACA.
Start by not thinking the point of health care legislation is to add to the wealthy's coffers, because that's what your party is doing.
If you're worrying more about that medicaid expansion than the rest of the country, I am ashamed of you. Vote for the GOP h/c plan #YES
McConnell doesn't care.  Pres. doesn't have your back - doubtful he read more than 140 characters of the bill.  NO on Wealthcare!
Don't buckle under the weight of Koch Brothers money.  REAL PEOPLE with real lives are depending on you.  NO on Wealthcare!
Work with the Dems or anyone else who wants to help real people.  Ignore the folks playing with their Ayn Rand dolls.  NO on Wealthcare!
Just say no to #trumpcare . #KillTheBill
If when you look around the room the people passing Trumpcare don't care about your family don't trust them to care for ours.
Some kind of public forum between you, @JohnKasich , and @SenSherrodBrown would be very helpful. I bet @AARP would sponsor it.
We need you to work with DEMs to REPAIR the ACA fund what was promised help lower premiums. Don't rob us for a tax cut for 1%. Town Halls!!
Maybe instead of holding the floor with a sit in, the dems should have gotten off their behinds and added to the discussion.
They were left out! Has Trump invited DEMS to WH? Obama sat for a day taking questions  from GOP on ACA- FACT Dems had public hearings FACT
There's nothing in the AHCA worth salvaging. Please don't waste time on it. The only problem with the ACA is that it doesn't cover everyone.
How about protecting the tax payers that foot the bill. I'm fully employed, and my family deductible went to 10k from ACA + Medicare tax Sad
I worked for nearly 40 years before becoming disabled. I worked hard. I wish I was still able but I'm not. Please don't hurt our durability
Maybe try consulting with medical professionals. While you're at it, ask them why safe and legal abortion is imperative.
We may not always agree but I appreciate you not supporting this bill in its current form. Work together with both sides for Americans!
TALK TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS. TALK TO DEMOCRATS. ACT LIKE A SENATOR AND NOT A DOOFUS.
Please vote no
This Trumpcare bill is a disaster....and you know it.  If it can be fixed then you can fix ACA!
As a veteran & on Medicare I urge you to vote no on the health care bill that is going to a vote. I agree that the AcA needs repairs
Please have women and minorities at the table to fix rhe ACA
Talk to women! Talk to minorities! Talk to low income people! They are your constituents too and they count!
I hope that a few minor changes to trumpcare will not change your no vote. The rich do not need tax breaks. Allow this money to save lives
Repeal it.
Dean Heller is a profile in courage, you =remains to be seen
Why not meet with your OH colleague and present a bi-partisan bill. Become a leader
Start with talking with your Ohio colleague Senator Sherrod Brown. Find common ground and share it
listen to gov.kasich he makes sence.. unlike most repulicans
Who do you think is "most vulnerable" cause voting yes goes against your whole statement here. #voteno #commonsense #hypocrisy
Vote no on this bill. Propose Medicare for all. Everyone's covered.
My adult grandchild isn't addicted to opioids. He is addicted to a normal LIFE. He needs Medicaid for Tourette's meds so he can have one.
Prove it!  Unfortunately I think your vote will go against this statement. Hope I am wrong.
Keep the #ACA. It is a million times better than #BCRA. 22 million times better, in fact. Nothing @SenateMajLdr offers will sweeten it.
Yes, please work together to improve the ACA.
pass healthcare bill. Country voted for trump. Stop grandstanding
Can't believe I voted for you
Just work on fixing what we already have.  GOP can't seem to come up with anything worthwhile for Americans, only tax cuts 4 wealthy
So Europe has been trying this #UniversalHealthcare thing... or is it #SinglePayer? Anyway, you might have heard about it. We should do it.
No system is going to be perfect, but I would prefer my taxes go to "healthcare for all" than a bloated military, or Ivanka's spring in NYC.
Senator, I don't know whatPresident Trump told you yesterday but nothing could be more important than ensuring Ohioans get good health care
Making sure a tax cut for the wealthy should not be a concern. There are many hard working families severely hurt by this. That can't happen
This horrible bill can't be fixed. You must vote NO when it comes up for a vote again.
Do you know how many people in Ohio are in nursing homes and on Medicaid?  Wonder what happens to them?
MEAN & NASTY. Is that you, Senator Portman? Will you vote for Trumpcare & deny fellow Ohioans a basic human right? Are you that craven?
Hold a town hall over the recess! Hear our stories! They will leave no doubt in your mind that NO is the right way to vote on AHCA! #NoAHCA
Start where we are. Don't repeal the ACA, improve it! Trumpcare is not fixable, it should be thrown out. Ohio will applaud such backbone.
Yes, maybe sit with @SenSherrodBrown and start talks about building/fixing the ACA like the Medicare fixes that happened in the past.

rememeber Ohio biggest industry is healthcare. Best hospitals in the world! They will not do well when no one can afford insurance.
Thank You for putting Ohio and it's people first. That would have been castrophic for Ohio. We need the system fixed not gutted.
Please vote no! Stand up for what's right and who put you in office! Be on the right side of history!!!!
Hope you don't consider vulnerable citizens to be the wealthy. Time to raise taxes, primarily on wealthy, and provide universal coverage
This time concentrate on HEALTH CARE instead of tax breaks for the wealthy people that already have health care!
No, you won't. You meet behind close doors, entirely in secret w other white men, and not care what the people of this country want and need
Please don't sell out the rest of the country when they offer you a deal for your vote. #wereinthistogether #fixtheACA
I do not believe this bill is fixable senator. Please consider legislation that addresses deductables and premiums.
Healthcare YES, spending cuts to benefit the wealthy in Trump tax reform NO.
Nice very weak cowardly announcement today. After McConnell delayed the vote. Get an orange wig.
Whoa... That sounds mighty profound. Have you considered what @JohnKasich has been saying for some time: BIPARTISAN legislation...??
Here in ohio we have suffered the mendacity of Washington long enough.  You say you are worried about addiction in ohio then do real work
Explain why single payer would be best for Ohioans and why you don't have the courage to stand up for it
Single payer healthcare
I would applaud you mr Portman if you showed you actual intended to stand up for Ohioans instead of no commitment.
Have a heart for those who don't get Medicaid or Medicaid, my family needs individual market options
I meant Medicaid and Medicare
How about talking to hospital admins, health economists, other experts. You had plenty of time to talk with colleagues and delivered a POS.
Vote no
You got a long way to go!
Please don't let this be a head fake. This is an integrity moment.
Make sure you include Democratic colleagues. Maybe work together to improve ACA rather than trying to sabotage it. ~One of #Ohio's citizens
Enough talking....huge disappointment
Thanks for saving Medicaid
Please speak with the Montgomery County Common Pleas Judges about the importance  of Medicaid expansion and the opioid issues.
You are the quintessential Trumpcare coward.  You could not stand up to McConnell only until his news conference to give up. Cowardice!
U WERE GOING TO VOTE FOR FOR TRUMP CARE U NEED TO WORK FOR ALL OHIOANS NOT JUST REPUBLICANS WORK FOR US
It is not by cutting Medicaid. It is not by defunding planned parenthood. It is not by denying protection for pre-existing conditions.
Here's some free advice: single payer. Socialized healthcare works in the rest of the world. Just do it already, stop wasting our time & $.
Bipartisan.  Experts in health care policy.  Everyone wants what is best which will never happen in a vacuum or as revenge. #ProtectOurCare
Glad you're currently a NO on Trumpcare but don't take a back room deal. Do what's right for Ohioans & ALL Americans!
Thank you it is appreciated - there is no where else to turn for some of us
Which will somehow always be connected to tax cuts for the wealthy in your mind.
Will you plz talk with us, your constituents?
Would those be Democratic Party colleagues?
If you were against the bill, stand up, don't say so after the fact.
The majority of "vote no" voices NEVER supported NEVER VOTED 4U! If U vote no believing they will n the futurenot only they won't,we won't
Here's one idea - don't include any tax cuts for the wealthy in the bill.
What about your constituents? Where is the Town Hall? Also is there a reason why no one is answering your phone?
Please do! Get our healthcare fixed!
Then no backdoor deals with McConnell. #DontCapMyCare
Your voicemail is full in Columbus as well as D.C. Not surprising really. This isn't a health care bill. It's a tax break for the wealthy.
If you vote yes on this bill, then you better start enjoying your last term in office. I can't wait to vote you & @Jim_Jordan out.
Senior citizens in nursing homes, children, people with disabilities or mental illiness?
Paying more for less is far from protecting the least of us.
Hold a town if you really care about Ohio. Make the ACA better. NO to Repeal and Replace. Now is the time for you to prove you hear us.
Talk with your constituents #PortmanTownHall
look at Big Pharma & InsuranceCo profits. Please!
Concluding this bill is bad for Ohio is correct. I continue to advocate and vote on behalf of our kids. #DontCapMyCare
Try appealing to centrists. You'll never get to 50 trying to satisfy far right. Get centrist dems and reps to agree on something.
Why don't you start with Senator Brown why not make Ohio the state that fixes our health care in a compassionate way for all  team work
Opioids are a problem, yes. But so is growing old! PLEASE remember the elderly. Many can barely afford the help they need.
You know Better Care Reconciliation Act is NOT better care and is WRONG for Ohio.  Make ACA better.
Thanks!
Please don't cave in to the money McConnell offers as a panacea for drug woes. There are still the rest of us, the old, poor, & vets. NO NO
Single payer is the true solution.
Talk to Dems and independents! Beyond sick and tired of all parties being more interested in themselves than in their constituents. Grow up.
if, by that, you mean negotiating a deal for OH, please realize that the impact of your decision will affect all Americans
.@senrobportman please realize senator, that by voting against BCRA you are protecting ALL vulnerable Americans, not just your constituents.
Instead of saying the existing bill has problems,why don't you actually do something & come up w/a better solution? #OhioVoters want to know
Thanks but where are the hearings on health care??? You have no idea how much the R health plan is going to affect We the People. SHAME
thank you Senator. I am counting on you to do the right thing which may not be the popular decision with your party.
Please talk with colleagues from both sides of the aisle. Let's use the care for your constituents to overcome the petty, partisan divide.
A bold stand, @senrobportman - oppose the bill after vote is delayed. And "talking w colleages" but not constituents  #answerthephone
Under trumpcare over 814k of your constituents will lose health ins. Put us over party. Lots of voters w/ families & friends. #Deathcare
Cool.  Also, maybe talk with citizens, including the most vulnerable.
This Ohio family urges you to vote NO on this immoral Senate bill or face ire of voters.  Put people and country before party!
Oh you mean by telling those that can barely pay their bills now while eating to suck it up so your rich friends can prosper
Thank you for opposing the cruel health care bill.  Work with Dems for improvements that don't rape and pilfer medicaid.
Thank u senator
no one believes you. Grow some balls take a stand for once in your life. Country before party
Fix #ACA. Do not repeal & replace with this tax cut bill for the wealthy. #ohioiswatching
Senator this isn't just about Ohio. Its every US citizen. Be the leader we all need you to be. It's time to stand up for people not party.
How about talking to women? Or talking doctors? A bunch of white guys behind closed doors won't fix it.
How about talking outside the GOP echo chamber via hearings, town halls? Better process=better bill #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #Healthcare4All
Please consult with constituents, too.  Perhaps foremost.
How about a full repeal like promised during the elections?  If want to lower premiums get the government out of it all together
vote against the bill! Cut out the tax cut for the wealthy
"There's nothing lower than stealing from the poor " JD Vance's Mammaw
Call the Senator about #Trumpcare at 202-224-3353, 1-800-205-6446. Be polite, leave your name, zip, tell him your concerns. 513-684-3265.
Thank you for withholding support, Sen. I hope you're aware that many constituents are vulnerable in many ways to being hurt by this bill.
Perhaps talk to your constituents THEN talk to your colleagues.
#Ohio Medicare for all is the only solution to fix the healthcare system. Not dying is the most important human right we have
#Ohio Especially not dying from lack of access to proper healthcare.
#Ohio Only a spineless coward could support any form of a bill that takes healthcare away from those who need it the most.
