time to have a townhall meeting. A real one -- where you actually show up in person and talk to your constituents.
Dear, your tweet makes no sense. Perhaps try again @senrobportman?
Dear @KittyFitz50, it's happening. Sounds like @SenRobPortman had succumbed to the Trumpian GoonieGooGoo phenomenon.
Tonight at 11/10c, Hurricane Trump destroys the perfectly fine show we had planned for you tonight. 
He'll get religion when it all hits the fan @Birdseye1 @senrobportman
:^) Portman's next post was a poll regarding #OpioidEpidemic. Trump/Russia connection could hit the fan. @VP could be @Potus.
don't repeal the ACA or defund Planned Parenthood. They are both needed!
No. No. No. That's not a town hall meeting. Not by any stretch of the imagination. Do. Your. Job.
#doyourjob
#indivisible
.@senrobportman When is your town hall? We are all waiting!! I've been calling your office daily asking when. They say "not scheduled."
When are you going to have an in-person town hall meeting? Don't forget you are supposed to represent us and listen to us.
not sure why the curiosity? I've called your office multiple times re: a town hall in CLE. Don't be curious. Just have one!
What teletownhall?  How about inviting ALL of your constituents next time?  And meet us in person like other Ohio MOCs!
@clevelanddotcom @DispatchAlerts Our Senators should be in touch with their constituents. Not doing a very good job at it.
yes, but I don’t have tens of thousands of dolllars to get your attention. Just a vote in Ohio.
yes
when did you ask?  Curious about what?  Do a town hall- listen to the people of #Ohio- represent us.
This
What did you ask?
I would like to know how Mar-a-Lago guests are screened to prevent security risks.
I have called repeatedly asking about town hall. Was supposedly put on a notification list. Nothing. When will you face us?
we deserve a real town hall. The Cleveland city club even offered to host it- no excuse!
have you rechecked twitter ?
Yes we want a town hall! We have been asking for one. Have you not heard?
time to face your constituents & the music.
You have failed us BIGLY! twice w/ Devos & Pruitt votes
why not just tweet the info because it hasn't gotten to anyone
please vote against Pruitt for the EPA and please work to keep @PPact funded. These are both very important & I vote!
I would like you to press the ways and means committee to review the President's taxes. I know it's Congress but press it!
We deserve face to face engagement, Senator. You work for us, remember?
I call bullshit senator. Sorry. Looks like you only talk to whom you choose. @senrobportman
You need to have real townhall! Old school style...in person!
we want a real town hall with you-see us,really hear us.  We want you to save the ACA and stand up for us against the bully.
how anout an in-person town hall meeting? You work for ALL Ohioans, not just Republicans.
I called your CLE office last week and was told no town halls were planned.
No ACA repeal.  Investigate treason/Russia.  Save environment.  Ethics in agencies/officials.  Keep net neutrality.
How about actually showing up for your constituents! #realtownhall
.@senrobportman That's interesting. We've been asking for a live town hall and getting the runaround from your staff for weeks. Crickets.
me too!
Who were these alleged "people" you spoke to? How much must one contribute to your campaign to be included?
It would take approximately $51,001 to get Portman's attention!!  #wheresrobportman  #moneytalksportmanwont
are you listening now? We said no to Devos. Save the environment. Keep ACA. #climatechange is real.
Never heard of your phone call, want a real, in-person #TownHall
what does this even mean?? Just hold a real town hall meeting, it's as easy as that.
topics: Trump #russia; tax returns; Trump-care?; why did you vote for Pruitt? DaVos?; Bannon goal destroying democracy etc.
hi. I've called at least 3x in the last wk to request a townhall & no one mentioned this. Teletown also not good enough. Thx.
you have a constitutional duty to represent us. How can you do that if you refuse to hear us?
when we call your office to ask about a townhall why didn't staff invite us to the teletownhall instead of saying 0 planned?
won't do a in person town hall he is afraid of how many people will show up.
it's our consensus that tele halls are a way for Republicans to avoid accountability. Ohio deserves better. #whereisportman
You're kidding, right? Actual in-person townhall with actual constituents, not campaign donors, please.
When is this teletownhall?
why are you supporting Pruitt??
Pruitt has sued the EPA several times. He does not follow laws of public requests & oversteps his bounds to get lethal inject
When I e-mail you with my concerns and ask for a response, why am i not getting one?
I want to know what your plans to replace the ACA with are. If it hadn't been niknmd Obamacare would the Repubs still hate it
I would like to know why you keep voting in the SWAMP that Trump had promised to get rid of. He just changed the players!
I would love a town hall, but you wouldn't want to hear from us...we know you're a puppet who is in DeVos' pocket
time for you to put country before party, actually, it's past time!
schedule a town hall and meet with your constituents so you can REPRESENT us.
You don't need a twitter townhall if you listen to your voicemail, have an actual townhall, or like do your job...
do your job and insist Chaffetz investigate the trump admin for treasonous acts and conflict of interest.
Are you holding a Town Hall on Twitter? Is this serious?
I would like to see an in person town hall.
We want a townhall! We want a townhall tour of the state! I've got questions about your apparent empathy deficit.
@Town_Hall_Watch @senrobportman & .@RepTomMacArthur We want a face2face town hall too. Not a stupid teleconference in NJ03 NOW!
why is your tweet incoherent? When will you face your constituents in person? Stop hiding!
Nope! Need to include us all. Face us!
I think you should have several town halls in person first and then by teletown.
you are such a coward if you only hold a teleconference!
would like an in person chance to discuss issues
curious about what? Maybe if you paid attention to what your constituents have been saying you wouldn't be curious!
How are Ohio people to go to tele-TH?  Calls to office and Email "Rob's Rundown" does NOT say. How are we to get this info?
sure looks like a REAL townhall is in order. Make it happen. Time to face your constituents.
we want a real town hall where you actually listen to us and then REPRESENT US not follow the party line
I wrote Rob a letter addressing my concerns, and I got a canned response.  He doesn't care about the people who voted him in.
Uh what teletownhall?
stop avoiding your constituents.  Have an in person town hall so we can look you in the eye.
What people? What teletownhall? When? What's the number? Details?
curious about what? how long you can play this game of hide and seek from constituents?
as one of your constituents I along with so many would welcome a townhall meeting. Many questions, not many answers from you.
put your Teflon on and meet with your constituents...telemtg does not cut it!
I have called your office most days for weeks, and asked about town halls on most calls. Staff said nothing.#DonorsOnly #Ohio
why is it okay to spend millions of dollars for trump to visit Florida 3 Xs in 3 weeks?
why do you want the environment to be unprotected?
why did you vote for unqualified DeVos against your constituents wishes?
PLEASE have a real (not tele-) townhall. & if you're reluctant, pls examine your conscience. Why not listen to constituents?
How about having Mitch McConnell wait on the Pruit EPA vote till the 3,000 emails came out. LEADERSHIP
we need trump to release his tax returns. Tofor conflicts of interest.
are you afraid of actual constituents, I've been to your office, and never met you, but I'll bet a lobbyist sure has.
we need an independent investigation into the admin and russia
I want you to stop being trumps lacky and do your job for the people. His Russian connections his going to Mar a Lago on the
tax payers dime every weekend and his conflicts of interest are just a few of the topics you can look into
Received the call @ 4:10 while driving kids from school. Want it in person. Date, Time & Place - Please 44647.  Talk Russia
Save #aca, Trump tax returns, Trump ties to Russia, Townhall, seems like a good start.
I'm Ohio...I didn't asked anything!  YOU WORK FOR US!  You are just following along like a puppy dog.
Good grief - we need a real town hall.
my concerns: clean energy development, public education, not normalizing Trump's erratic behavior, financial deregulation...
I never saw notification for a teletownhall!!  Meet with your constituents
pls have a live town hall in Hamilton County. I've called/tweeted many times and it did not receive  a chance to participate
coward #ITMFA
I'm curious as to when you're going to grow a backbone and stand up for what's right and not support madness in the WH.
.@senrobportman DJT is short (hard) term problem for which you will pay long term at the polls. Good luck to you in dodging ur constituents.
I seriously want to discuss things but not on a teletownhall. Face to face.
You're curious on twitter? I'm curious on twitter to know what that remark means. Have a real town hall. Stop the double talk
come to Cle to hear your constituants concerns face to face. As an elected official u work for us.  teletownhall.
I called yesterday (and every day this month) asking when you'd have a town hall. Your staffer said none were planned.
Grow  a set @senrobportman
when ate you going to investigate trump for his illegal and unconstitutional actions?
a teletownhall, eh? How's about an ACTUAL townhall?!
Not good enough. We need a real town hall, @senrobportman
...also environment, education, SS, Medicare, conflicts of interest in presidential appointees, Bannon, etc. Work for us.
Have a real town hall. You ignore Twitter and Phone calls (I mean, I guess if I Tweeted a dollar number you might take note.)
Real town hall would be nice. I have a lot I want 2 talk 2 you about. Russia, healthcare, why you won't meet us in person...
I'm curious why you don't care if Trump is selling out Americans to Russian interests. You owe that to your  voters.
I'm curious why you don't care that Obama sold us out to the Muslim brotherhood? Also the Russian crap is fake.
ever heard of the Muslim brotherhood explanatory memorandum? Of course not because you aren't informed.
have a townhall so that we can discuss your campaign contribution from DeVos and your lack of concern for Ohio as a result
let's discuss your sell out behavior
America should have single payer health care for all Americans. Medical services should NOT be determined by shareholders.
I think Ohioans want a realtownhall - you and your republican colleagues need to stop hiding from your constituents.
Town Hall YES!!!! We've been calling.
You asked Ohioans WHAT? If we want a town hall? YES! If we want you to grow a pair? YES!  If we want to be represented?  YES!
Sent you petition with 1k signatures requesting town hall in Cleveland area. No reply from you  or staff. Are you avoiding?
what!!!???
reading comments - u should too. Seems ur not representing ur constituents, ppl do like to be listened to. U may need to go.
U shld hold actual mtgs with ppl, then actually do ur job & represent their thinking, instead of condescending email to them.
Have a live town hall!! And demand that the Russian WH be investigated! #resist #ImpeachDonaldTrump WorsethanWatergate
Put country before party. Investigate Russian connection to Trump admin. Save Medicare from ACA "reform."
we need a full investigation on the Russia connections
what about a face to face townhall... like normal reps do
we the citizens have been watching since President Trump was elected. We are not impressed with your performance.
we are still waiting to see some signs of integrity and courage in your approach to the current administration.
in Ohio we need clean air and clean water in order to be healthy to even take advantage of the jobs you were talking about
So you only talked to handpicked constituents? Nice. You work for ALL of us. Moms are watching
you need to fight to save the ACA
we need a town hall meeting in Northeast Ohio
I'm looking for anything saying there was going to be a "teletownhall" and cannot find it...
and a courageous senator to do the right thing
you are a moral disappointment . We want trumps tax ,return.bipartisan/independent committee to study ties w Russia
We want a real town hall.  No more of this teletown hall business.  You work for us.
opioids R a real problem that needs to be addressed, but so is Russian involvement in our govt. TeleTownhalls aren't enough.
I called several times with NO reply from your office! Do your job!
take time to hold a town hall and address ACA and this administration.
I'm a constituent & also would have liked to have heard about this teletownhall earlier / been invited.
No you're not, or you would have enabled access with preplanning, announcement, and some guarantee of being heard.
How about having an ACTUAL town hall, as your constituents keep requesting.
You seriously need to do a REAL town hall.  NOW!
How about an in person town hall in Cincinnati so you can tell us how you'll protect ACA and investigate Russian influence?
ASHAMED of my Senator for not standing up for his constituents in OH by voting party line only & having a sham "teleTHall"
guess you don't represent all Ohioans, I've called and written your office and was never told about this
a live town hall is what we have been calling you for daily
YES! Live, with voters, in Ohio. I'll attend wherever it is! 45701
huh? Curious about what?
FAKE TELETOWNHALL! So, the only way you will face a group of constituents is to not have to face them? #townhall #coward
when was this announced?
whether in person or via video/phone/internet, any town hall you have should be widely publicized and open to all Ohioans.
Was it by republican party invitations only?  Your constituents, all of us deserve better.
How you handle this week and conducting Townhalls will be telling. You are failing concerned voters lately.
We have hope you will show up to face us with our concerns. I've heard they will try to get press there. I hope you show up.
I've called to request a Townhall. I know many others have too. Your constituents are meeting this Thursday in Cleveland.
what's going on in CLE on Thurs?
how about an actual townhall???
What?  This sentence makes no sense.
Hello? Is anybody there? We want to see you in person. #bueller #bueller
I'm curious, too.Why not in person with live streaming? Like a WH presser....Love to hear your reasoning.
what Teletownhall? I called your office every day last week & no one knew anything about it. #OHDistrict3 #TownHallTracker
Schedule a real townhall and publicize it.
#ohio
So do we have to raise you another $51,000 to get a real in-person Town hall..just curious..isn't that the going rate?
please have an actual town hall in Cleveland, to hear what the people actually have to say.
a "teletownhall" isn't going to cut it for us. we want a real town hall in Cle to ask you our questions in person.
We wanted you to vote NO for nominees that you voted yes for. Listen to your constituents. Speak up about ties to Russia.
Please listen to your constituents. We're not paid protesters, we're concerned voters. @senrobportman
you represent Ohio, several townhalls needed, many concerns, stand up for truth and best interests of America.
I probably call you 3x a week. I'm greeted by your voice mail. No response. Townhall by telephone seems to be GOP tactic.
Me and everyone I know have called you daily for a month with no response. Real town hall, time to face the music.
when will you be holding a in person town hall?
we called and you IGNORED - Ohio constituents would love an in-person town hall so you can tell us why!
OR if you really want to know...SPOILERS...we think you're a coward
.@senrobportman  I've called your office asking about when you would have a town hall. Why wasn't I invited to the teleconference?
if you were rly curious about what any of us thought you could read the 1000s of comments on FB and here OR have a townhall
if you have time for 2 instate fundraisers, you have time to meet constituents in person. Forget my 1st tweet.
.@senrobportman I jave. Google News alert set up to track you. I heard nada about this. 2088 days to go. #Indivisible
Actually, just saw where you have a 2cnd GOP instate fundraiser. I think you can make time for in person THM.
I think would welcome any contact but PLEASE announce in advance, on your website, FB feed and twitter feed.
Stop being a coward and face your constituents at ACTUAL town halls. Also, look into POTUS taxes and Russian ties already!
disgusting Betsy DeVos needs to be imprisoned
I have called your office recently. Multiple times. Straight to voice mail. No replies. 
Thank you
Get out of your limousine and face the people, coward!
Good start Senator!  Practice makes perfect. Pretty soon you will be good enough for real time
how do I get in on this town hall ?
Thank you
Meet your constituents Senator. Teleconference is second best. I would logon.
How about a real town hall. Explain your votes.
