Do not vote for that healthcare bill.
explain how billions in increased defense spending and #trumpcare will help. Explain yourself.
We?? You mean You! You and the GOP, Rob. We're watching. What are YOU doing?
Why build a useless wall then? Why X funding for citizens? Lift ppl out of poverty and they'll b more productive. #shameonyou
Remove cap on SS contributions, raise cap gains tax, raise top tax bracket to 1950s levels, streamline defense & Cut corp tax
maybe don't spend $15 billion on a wall then
I read as high as $21B over 3 years, but who's counting?
Perhaps we should scrap the wall idea, that saves us $25 billion...#Budget2017 #NoWall
We? I don't get to vote on the budget? Are you supporting a budget that spends even more on the military?

And yet you voted yes.
So about that...
Remember this???
Stuff it, billionaire enricher.
You are voting to add even more to the deficit with #TrumpTaxScam. You only care about what your wealthy donors care about.
your party leader, the president you supported, is adding trillions to the debt with his tax plan. Thanks, Rob.
So why are you in favor of this tax bill? Cmon Senator. You’re not stupid.
What happened here, Rob? Guess you only mean this when there's a Democratic president. Shame on you for screwing over the people of Ohio.
alot more than what Devos bought you for
INCREASE DEFENSE SPENDING!!
so let's build a wall and pay to keep the Trumps in separate homes?
Yep so keep ponying up for mar a lago that's a great way to reduce the debt
#CARA is one of those factors. Your own bill cut no other programs and raised no taxes, but spent money. Y R you complaining?
OUR CONTRY IS SADDLED BY AN INSANE PERSON IN THE WHITE HOUSE. THIS IS NOT A JOKE. GET HIM OUT!
then maybe it's time to stop those corporate tax breaks...
And now you want to add another $1.5T?
So let's  re-evaluate the proposed budget.
You’re another complete phony.  You think we didn’t see the lobby written bible you added to the Tax Bill overnight?  #TaxPlan #GOPTaxBill #GOPTaxScam #TaxPlanScam
What say you know?
Funny how you aren’t so worried about adding to the debt now? 1 Trillion? No problem, right? As long as you get your donors what they want.
Have you even read the new doc. that is over 600 pages? There is no CBO score on this. Why would you shove a bill that is hitting the middle class in the pocket especially $40K-$75K You need to look at the people who voted for you, not the party.
Hypocrite.
Are you for or against the current budget and health plan. Reducing the debt is a general feel good statement. Sure, but how?
then why are we spending billions to keep the billionaire First Lady in NYC and all their weekends in Florida?
Debt is not the issue your constituents are most worried about.  You should speak with us and address concerns about this administration.
That is, unless we follow Trump's budget and tax cut plans. Then the debt could go even higher!
I am saddened that the president is taking away important programs so he can build a wall we do not need or want.
still not a good enough reason to defund after school progs or LITERALLY take food out of the mouths of children #TrumpCuts
tell it to Obama
cut government funded programs. More jobs,higher wages, less unemployment, less government spending. Slow down immigration.
Senator we will expect to see you vote against the ridiculous expenditures for DJT's wall and his military state.
so sorry I voted for you! Won't happen again! U let us down!
you have not proven you are any better than the rest of them, but have shown your character, it's weak! Don't trust u!
so don't justify voting for this new budget, cuts to Medicaid, nih, meals on wheels, EPA, etc.
how much would the country save if members of congress and the White House paid for their own health insurance?
what would be the impact it everyone paid their share of taxes instead of cuts for the wealthy?
how much is due to the Wall Street bail out, same people on the cabinet u voted for?
Please refuse to fund the border wall in order to reduce spending!
Thank your fake president for those numbers. Party before before country, right?
we had budget surpluses under Clinton until your former boss enacted I'll-advised tax cuts.
$20B to build the wall.  That's with "B"
How much do we add with each mar-a-lago  weekend?
What are you doing about it, Rob? Supporting a wall and an insane military build up? Shame on you.
.@senrobportman you know where we can find money? By taxing the top earners in this country. Everyone should pay their fair share.
vote against this budget it's ridiculous
You just now realized that? Lol
you know what would help that?  NO wall, Save the ACA.  NO to excessive Trump vacations.
thanks to your buddy @43georgebush who started a war we couldn't pay for. You can't kill seniors bc you f'd up.

How did that happen?
well u helped make this happen with ur party and the ppl u confirmed hope ur resume' is up to date ur not getting re-elected
Well duh, you don't collect any revenue from the people who are able to pay.  What did you expect?
#youownthis #parrotthepartyline and this is what you get
Our planet is imperiled by a mind-boggling 50% increase in atmospheric CO2. Where the hell are you?
Nobel prize-winning economist George Akerlof called the GOP tax cuts under George W Bush "a form of looting." Don't loot more
So you'll adamantly oppose more GOP tax cuts for the rich -- the kind that literally added trillions to the debt since 2000?
Then don't support trump and the Republican Party agenda.
How about u ask @potus and his wife to stay in DC a few weeks then I might take your "spending" concerns somewhat seriously.
Return progressive tax rates to where they were 40 years ago. Invest in rebuilding infrastructure. Invest in communities.
The GOP has had years to come up with a plan and this half-baked pyramid scheme was the best you could do? Sad! Losers!
good point.   So lets stop taking care our needy and grow our defense budget.
$365 million/yr=the cost of protecting Trump family, not to mention travel costs. Does that bother you? #SaveMeals #SaveACA
, so let's give tax cuts to the rich, spend billions on a wall and buy a bunch of bombs. How does that reduce the deficit?
You have an opportunity to influence this. Don't approve $$$ for military and wall in Trump's budget. Are you conservative?
So cut some of that military budget. Make Trump stay in DC on weekend. Have Melania move to D.C. as soon as school is out
So cut back on #45's FL trips, victory rallies, and pointless wall.
so maybe building a 25 billion dollar wall is a stupid idea?
guess it's time to raise taxes on the rich!
The proposed defense spending in 45s budget is totally unnecessary. Plus the "border wall" is ridiculous.
We are still paying off the Bush tax cuts and two "off the books" wars. Remember, your party began with a surplus. #math
Again, potus needs to stay in DC more. We don't need a wall!
Wow! We should definitely cut your paycheck then. You certainly haven't earned it.
How could we help that? Good start: cut military budget, move Melania to the WH, stop weekly vacs at Trump prop and the WALL
maybe if tr*mp would stop golfing in FL every weekend we could have nice things!!!
so oppose building a useless wall.
If you're so worried, quit giving our taxes to the rich!
Trump budget not the way
Then why cut taxes on the rich in the AHCA?
We owe the majority of this debt to ourselves, i.e. Social Security Trust Fund.
so you're going to support Trump's cuts?
are you for the president's proposed budge cutting funds for important programs while increasing defense? Start making sense!
Important to help the most vulnerable in society including the elderly, the sick, children and NOT spend money on a Wall.
Sweet. Let's build an expensive wall that won't help at all. Maybe with gold bricks? Really screw the budget.
cut waste in the defense budget with honest accounting and auditing. you would fine a lot to save on and not increase it 10%
so start having serious discussions about costs across the board.  Stop catering to the wealthy.   Follow the money!
enjoy your time in office. You won't be re-elected.
so what's the plan to return to the balanced budget of 18 years ago ?
Increase tax on the 1%, stop the silly Trump personal spending. No? How about all rich guys donating to the Pentagon?
So, what do you say @senrobportman ?  Still want to throw Ohioans under the bus?
10% across the board spending cuts, no tax breaks, and double the social security cap.  Problem solved! What else, I got time
and we're saddle with you agreeing to #trumpcare
Agreed but -$339B over 10yrs to leave 56M uninsured after 10yrs via AHCA destroys healthcare needed to grow economy at 3-3.5%
Yet when cuts proposed people's heads explode
so huge increases in military spending?
maybe Donald and Melania should pay for Melania to live in Trump tower?
maybe we can't afford that wall then?
so you're gonna try that tax cuts for the rich thing again?  IT DOESN'T WORK!
EVERYTHING tends to increase debt - bizmen USE debt ...
Your boy T-Rump, a bizman?
NEVER borrow $ unless it helps you make $
P.S. your usage of "enormous" is misplaced ...
Your culpability in the latest GOP fuckery may deserve that word ...
Slob ...
Check the couches at the Pentagon for spare change, I'm sure you'll find plenty there. Already against the next war. #resist
Another @realDonaldTrump broken promise then. He promised to fix that "fast."
Ignore the uneducated responses, such hypocracy from extreme left, @TheDemocrats.  Suck it up buttercups!  #HateIgnorance
Then do something about it. Raise taxes and decrease military spending.
So Rob let's build a wall for a problem that doesn't exist or pay to keep 1st lady in ivory tower. You sir are a #hypocrite
so maybe let's not build a giant pointless wall?
AND that doesn't count what trump is doing to it or the war he is now promoting
Weird how you voted for a budget that continued to increase the debt?!?
djt said he can easily decrease/elim deficit.  His proposed budget remains deficit neutral!  ANOTHER PROMISE HE CANT DELIVER
but somehow there's cash for a wall??
Don't pay 4 #Melanoma in NYC. Congress shld pay its own coffee & rolls. No more tax cuts for the rich. #GOP lacks empathy.
Our government is not a business like General Motors.
your boy trump wants a trillion $$ infrastructure program, increased military spending, and lower taxes? How's that work?
cut Defense Spending!  Build bridges not walls!   Stop taxes cuts for the weathy, help the poor.   You have power!  USE IT!
how about you stop supporting this madman @POTUS in the WH? Stop ruining this nation to give back to the 1%! 
Trump said he could fix this easy. He must be lying again.
then, no wall!  Don't increase defense spending but spend the money more wisely!
But Meals on wheels and health care are bad and adding to the debt. You have no shame .
so this is why we should throw people off health care???  How about NOT building a USELESS wall that WE will pay for
#45 is adding to the problem w/ 5 vacations in 6 weeks + NY residence & adult kids travel so pls stop with the tears
some nerve... cutting after school programs & @MealsOnWheels - in the bucket anyway...
why worry about the debt if the world doesn't survive us anyway? Are you really ok getting rid of @EPA
So tax cuts to the wealthy, less revenue, will solve the problem? Trickle down economics has destroyed the middle class
Billion dollar walls and 1500 extra ice agents and lawyers and billions for nukes all not a problem
.@senrobportman So stop beating plowshares into guns.
better support the cuts to the budget!
Us paying for Trump sons business trips around the world and paying for SS agents rooms to Trump business It all fine
Millions a month for Mrs Trump to stay in New York no problem Giving away billions to the !% is fine to you to you
So why is congress trying to cut taxes?
Your President is trying to start a war and you will vote yes .3 million a week for golf and pay to play is fine to you
right, so spending $21 billion on a wall is a good idea how?
weekly trips to Mar a Lago, FLOTUS security in NYC, security for his grown kids.  You don't see a solution in there?
it doesn't matter if we can breath the air or drink the water
Only if you vote yes
You've been shilling consistently for #45.  If you care about national debt, sanction this wasteful white house.
Don't cut taxes for rich; don't increase military $$ (already biggest in world); don't build wall; don't deport undocumented.
And your "solution" is more tax cuts for the rich, which has never reduced debt.
so why do we need to spend money on Melania living in NY,  Trump golfing every weekend and a dumb wall? #cleveland #ohio
and it's falls on you to make sure the money is spent on things that help not #war and hurting the #environment
the polliticians who work for wall street parasites did this.
And how does building a pointless wall while cutting taxes for the wealthy help?
"we're adding"  Yes, you are. Why is it that debt climbs faster when your party is in control?
so your solution is to take healthcare away from kids and old people. What a great nation we live in.COWARD
Additional tax cuts for the wealthy in the #AHCA are not the solution, @senrobportman. Invest in #infrastructure for good paying #jobs.
put even more money into the military, build a wall that no one wants, deport millions, jack up taxes on imports?
Meaningless without context. What are our national assets? What does our balance sheet look like?
It MEANS the American Empire is in decay.
So you will poison the environment, rip away healthcare, kill jobs programs, and cut taxes for wealthy?
And taking away public broadcasting, HEAP, the NEA, etc.,will solve that? And building a multi billion $ wall will?
blame Bush and Obama. U fail to put those words into your statement.
Our country is saddled by incompetent & dangerous #DonTheCon, #hatecrimepresident. #whataboutthatsaddle? #standuptothebully
say no to the wall.
Debt ceiling is about paying down EXISTING debt, yet your party hamstrung President Obama on that. Did you?
so let's solve it by starving kids and old people
You are adding WAY more than that. When we start bankrupting our personal debts because of REPUBLICAN policy. It will rise
Do we really need to spend more on DoD than the next several countries combined? Also: did you fight the debt ceiling raise?
#WelcomeToGreece
It's OK, Paul K said it didn't matter (at least it didn't matter the previous 8 years).
clearly the solution is to take insurance away from the seniors so they die and cost less.   Oh, and cut taxes for rich.
#portmantrumpcare
what about students? If they can't get out of debt doesn't that hurt our economy?
Follow the money trail. No surprise. DeVos had ties with student loan debt collectors now, suddenly, debt collectors can charge higher fees. https://twitter.com/alexkotch/status/842855390417174528 …
The more DeVos makes the more so can pay Portman
