And you are delusional
And yet you never even gave Judge Garland a hearing. Disappointing. #doyourjob #FilibusterGorsuch
#NOCONFIRMATION UNTIL #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION. STOP IGNORING RUSSIATRUMP. #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS #areyouwithusorRussia
who can we trust to lead our country.
please stop!  We get it!  He was nominated by your Republican president
we don't want him...Or you
@ohiogop you are laughable!  Garland was qualified as well but you wouldn't even give him a hello. #NoGorsuch
qualified to remove basic rights of women/LGBTQ & steal a seat. Can't wait until ur voted out. Ashamed u rep my district. Not me though
we should never accept a Supreme Court nominee by a president under FBI investigation
he is not and neither are you.  Your voting and support of this administration illustrates this everyday.
Do your constituents agree? But you don't really care, do you?
Merrick Garland was extremely well qualified, said Orin Hatch. #investigationfirst #noconfirmation https://thinkprogress.org/amp/p/1d2dbac7765e …
Bit when I called you office to ask about you standing up for the constitution re Garland, I was told you wouldn't.
again not listening to the people of ohio
you know who else was qualified?  Judge Garland. And you wouldn't give him a hearing.  #stolenseat
You will recall that Merrick Garland was/is also well qualified. That didn’t even get him a vote.
So is Merrick Garland.
While stone cold killer Putin is destroying our institutions.
Merrick Garland was extremely well qualified AND he wasn't nominated by a POTUS under FBI investigation.
you Republicans held that seat open for almost a year....Turn around is fair play
Of course you did. You operate in a bubble, where no opposing views exist.
Strange how you failed to apply the same principles last year with a well qualified nominee. #PartisanTool
You should be ashamed
- Merrick Garland was extremely well qualified too
"Qualified" is not synonymous with caring or empathy or even understanding who our constitution protects. @OhioDistrict12
So very disappointed once again! Vote should be delayed until we know truth of Russia connections. Besides #MerrickGarland !
how many other groups do you want to alienate and strip them of their rights?  You work for us not Trump or the GOP!
So who is it that you care about?  Seriously. Your party. . . your contributors. . . or us, the constituents @OhioDistrict12
Qualified how?  Whom does the constitution serve and protect? Those in power from those who are not?  Or the powerless?
. Supreme court just overuled one of his rulings 8-0. He has poor judgement & we dont want an appt til Russia over
But he is asking to steal Merrick Garland's seat.
VOTE NO NO NO NO NO on gorsuch - one of your constituents !
yr playing politics and yr party cheats. Do yr job Russians in WH
Everything starts with #Trumprussia , Senator.  Remember Merrick Garland we do and it's a STOLEN seat.
So was merrick garland, you tool. What's it like being a party lap dog?
btw show us your #portmantaxreturns. You are hiding like #TrumpTaxReturns. We have had enough
no #gorsuch until #Trumprussia #russiagate is resolved. No more traitors in Washington
I will never vote for a republican again, my zip 44306, so that means you.
There should be no vote until the investigations into POTUS are resolved. Does Gorsuch speak Russian? Do you?
I am seriously disappointed in you, where is your sense of fairness? History will not be kind to your party...
Confirmed to the 10th circuit "not that long ago" (11 years) is not the same as SCOTUS. Wasn't he overturned last week?
Merrick Garland was extremely qualified. Eight Justices oppose Gorsuch. Party First Constituents be damned. Toe the line Rob
Even the 8 current #SCOTUS don't agree with #gorsuch as a qualified pick. #MerrickGarland much better fit for #America.
Opposition is only interested in results they like, not how you get there. They only want fake judges.
@ohiogopAkron, Ohio resident here saying HE IS NOT GOOD FOR OUR COUNTRY
Stop It!
Still smarting over you selling out our privacy for $$$$. You have no shame.
until the investigation is over there should be no movement on this appointment.
every time you open your mouth you spew crap.
how do you feel about Garland, since it's his seat. Have some integrity
Merrick Garland, Senator. And the Pres is under FBI investigation for Russian collusion for God's sake.
All becomes clear, you had $89,350 reasons to let ISP companies sell my internet use habits
no to gorsuch.
He's no more "extremely" qualified than the man you disrespected & refused to consider. You're a hypocrite. #GarlandMerrick
like merrick garland?
Why didn't you do the same for the extremely well qualified and mainstream Merrick Garland?  Party hack.
no he isn't. He does not deserve that seat.
@SenSherrodBrown you need to stop the confirmation! Wait until we get a real President in office.
If we are investigating the  who nominated him for treasonous behavior, we should reconsider his qualifications.
THE PREZ IS UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION. That should be the ONLY thing you, or anyone in Congress, is taking the floor to discuss
and @PatTiberi Longevity in office does not=qualification. Both of you are prime examples.
so is Merrick Garland. Did you support his confirmation? If not, why not? #partisanhack
nope, nope, nope!
Hypothetically If our President was under FBI investigation what excuse would you give us for not voting  for HER nominee
Oh hell no. You are calling to confirm Gorsuch? A weasel of a man who is going to take a seat YOU stole from Garland
He would be a squatter in a #stolenseat.

#NoGorsuch
Thank you.  Was going to call you but no need.  You are the best.
know who else is extremely well qualified?
there's nothing like supporting big business while turning your back on the people huh Rob?
Would be great if you'd release data on constituent phone calls. Guessing the numbers don't support your votes....
as is Merrick Garland
So was Merrick Garland. Turnabout much?
That's unfortunate. I am an Ohioan and I do not support his confirmation.
Ohio disagrees.  He's all big business.  I urge you to reconsider.
Don't pretend that you support him for his qualifications. Qualifications didn't prevent a confirmation hearing for Garland.

So was Merrick Garland #NOtoStolenSCOTUSseat
except Merrick Garland.
Disappointing. How does one know he's qualified? simply because he voted w/ other judges on most cases? Were they right?
you are a tool.
so was garland, yet you helped block his nomination.  Senate should not confirm with potus under investigation.
thx Sen,now stay strong on Trump agenda and we'll get along fine.
.@senrobportman That's funny, I seem to remember an "extremely well qualified" guy up for the same job last year.
You & your party refused to vote on Merrick Garland. Your priorities say qualifications don't matter. #HypocriteRobPortman
Yeah, let's get a guy on USSC who LOVES to support corporations, and doesn't care about women! Get out, Portman.
I am sure you believe his best qualification was he was nominated by a R.
We don't need an extremist. Let's wait for a centrist nominee.
And what about Garland?  Isn't he qualified?
Merrick Garland was also extremely qualified - whatever happened to that guy?
so was Merrick Garland but no one even said HI to him. For nine months. What a political game. Don't be so proud of yourself
and in doing so ignore your constituents who want an independent investigation into Trump's Russian connections FIRST.
he is also anti-woman.
Ohio DOESN'T agree. #FilibusterGorsuch
Speak for yourself. @HappyChichester @senrobportman
