This is what a good health care system feels like, America!
Thank you for your extremely important message
When's our Town Hall, Rob? When will you represent what we want rather than what you decide we should have? Do you understand our fury?
I call, email, and tweet almost everyday requesting a Town Hall & have never gotten a response. Maybe @SenSherrodBrown will do one
I let his Columbus office have it today. Such cowards!
Good for you, Kitty!  Let's pester them everyday!
Totally!
#BCRA is structurally flawed, achieving none of these goals. No side deals or 'bribes' can fix it. Reach across the aisle and fix the ACA.
That's what your boy Donnie promised, it's supposed to be better, cheaper and cover everyone. #huge #spinelesssenator 
We don't need insurance, we need healthcare
Seriously, we already have a Republican - Mitt's - healthcare plan, the ACA. Analyze it and fix it.
"Access".
We see what you did there.
Fix ACA.
It's criminal, Kitty. It's wrong. I can't believe this - GOP must think we are all fools
Or they don't care bc they know something most of us don't yet realize: free and fair elections could well be history
How about committing to MEET with your actual constituents? 1953 days left! #UnseatTheSellout #ProtectPSLF #ProtectOurCare #IStandWithPP
Portman still hiding from Ohio voters. Afraid to talk to the people that he's supposed to Represent.
We will see.....and be watching. And I know you don't need to have a townhall for 5 more years..
So you're saying you'll vote no against this horrible bill?
Good  Demand that McConnell drop cruel hoax you wrongly call fixable and work with Democrats on bipartisan bill. With hearings. Transparent.
Please remember your constituents. You won't...but I figured I'd at least ask.
Not just "access".    #ThisFamilyPhysician believes #HealthcareIsARight #singlepayer
Great. Then you need to speak out about what is going on behind closed doors. It is time to put #CountryOverParty.
He was behind the self-same doors. @senrobportman developed what McConnell put forward. HOW can we believe him ?
If he's one of the people who concocted this, then I don't believe we can trust him Y would he do this?
Get off the repeal "Obamacare" wagon.  ACA's not perfect but's helped many more than it's hurt-FIX IT! #VoteNoOnTrumpcare.Put cnstitunts 1st
Vote No

Good job Rob.
We already have that. It's called Obamacare.
I hope you mean that
How can you say this, yet you were part of the core group who presented 1628??
You've had years to come up with a plan and didn't. Work with Dems to fix ACA. #SaveMedicaid
8 years of bitching about Obamacare and no plan. It never was about Obamacare- it was about stonewalling a black president's accomplishments
Why don't you grab your buddy Sherrod and go to work on that? You love bipartisan stuff! No tax cuts for the rich. From there, it's cake.
BCRA is a giant pair of scissors cutting holes in the safety net for vulnerable families. Craft a bipartisan solution #KeepKidsCovered
Medicare for all!!!!
Then work on it!!
This Republican plan is crap. Nobody wants it!! Pay attention to your constituents & polls! Fix ACA! Stop trying to negate Obama's legacy!
Access does not equal coverage.
Not by a long shot. People will die.
No, you're not. You are only looking towards the next big pay day from the insurance companies. Shame on you. RESIGN!!!

Sir You are committed to protecting your own self political interests on the backs of the poor and I'll.
ill
So I guess that means you are voting against big pharma!  How about if this plan was going to be the coverage for you and your family?
I'd really like to believe you.
Did you forget which side of the aisle you're on?
We all need to sit down and hash this out.  No secret legislation, no tax breaks, just how do we want to care for our people.
Coverage costs will rise - like everything else, until health care is not for profit.
Statesmen look forward to the progress of the country. Politicians look to the next election. You...are a politician.
Portman is committed to rubber stamping Trumpcare. Without public meeting!
Repeating it over and over doesn't make it so.  Fix and/or support the ACA.  Don't play partisan with #Ohio #healthcare . #ohiostories
Then you will oppose any form of Trumpcare that gives the rich tax breaks at expense of poor and middle class!
Rob, I support you 100%. I didn't vote 4 you to keep Medicaid expansion. I voted GOP 2 reduce the scope & size of government. Please do so.
Listen to your constituents whom you were elected to represent. Country over party.
Do. Your. Job.
work to lower health care costs not just insurance costs!
And.... doesn't cut taxes for the rich. This should not be part of a healthcare bill.
Rob have a set of man-up balls and just tweet to the world you vote NO for the GOPCare tax cut bill. You agree need SINGLE PAYER system now
So Rob, if vote YES for that terrible GOPCare shite bill which is a tax cut to 1% then you lied to every american and world with your tweet
Agree with you ROB, its called SINGLE PAYER just these other 1st world countires have today. About time you finally agreed GOPCare is crap.
How about reduction of actual medical cost & health facilities & Dr's make cost available to patients, just like anything else you buy.
#ProtectOurCare  Don't you even think about taking a backdoor deal for your vote . We are watching
I hope you are committed to this!  Then make it happen.
Are you reading your tweets? Because your D.C. phone doesn't even pick up for voicemails. #VoteNoAHCA
#proveit #alltalkandnoaction #countrybeforeparty #DoYourJob rob.
Improved #MedicareForAll is your answer
When the "coverage" doesn't cover anything just so it is affordable, it is useless. You know single payer is the most cost effective and...
...would provide quality care to everyone, but you won't support it because the insurance companies help fund your campaigns.
This is the same useless rhetoric that Trump campaigned on, but he said the House bill was fantastic, until he said it was mean. Now he...
...says the Senate version is fantastic, but there's virtually no difference between the two. Both put people's lives at risk and give...
...big tax breaks to the wealthy. It's time those supposed Christians start helping others like their religion teaches, not being greedy
Then just fix the flaws in the ACA, work on reining in costs, and help America heal.
Yes. That means rejecting any and all Republican plans. Preserve the Affordable Care Act and push for single payer.
Happy to assume u care about integrity, dignity & decency. So why not call out your Pres who so fabulously lacks all of these?
Son has GTube. Insurance doesn't pay for formula. I can't afford 1200 a month it costs. Don't take my sons food away
So #SinglePayerNow, right?
#FirstDoNoHarm - maybe if you actually worked together you could get something accomplished. #CountryOverParty
so whats your plan? cause the bill before the Senate raises costs to consumers does nothing for access and hurts vulnerable.
Then you are for keeping and fixing ACA or moving to a single payer system
Then you should start working with the dems! And tell your buddies as well.
You don't have enough info to "fix" the health care system. It was broken by Congress.  Let the free market "fix"
I hope you watched Kasich on @GStephanopoulos this morning. Take a hint.
thank you!  #BCRA #NotAnswer. Please #VoteNo #timeForAllRepublicans: #stopEnablingHim, #Time4SinglePayer
We appreciate that you want to help fix the healthcare system.  Please have a Town Hall to explain your plan that 20% of people like
#HR676NOW
Repeal it or let it implode that's what I vote.
Best solution is single pay #UniversalHealthCare.  Healthcare is right not a privilege for only those that can afford it.
Then vote no on trumpcare
Vote no on Senate healthcare bill if that is what you're committed to!
Please listen to the CEO of the wonderful children's hospital in Cincinnati. Large numbers of children treated depend on Medicaid. Vote NO!
Why not just fix the issues within our current system & improve it? #RepealAndReplace is gambling w/ actual lives that don't belong to you.
impossible. Pick 2: Quality, Low Cost, and Universal Coverage. Economics determines you can only have 2
lie more and i wont vote 4 you again
Vote No on #Trumpcare.Expect to hear from all states cause 58% ($12mil) of your contributions not from OH! #endcitizensunited #aarp #pharma
We'll see. I turned 60 this year. I'm healthy, on no meds, my premium went up to $770. a month. It's just outrageous. Almost double!?
Are you? Where is your bill?
This is nuts
You support a bill that provides tax cuts for the wealthy on the backs of working & middle classes. You'll kill sick ppl for tax cuts. Sad!
Are you serious???!!!! Then you wouldn't have been secretly meeting and rolling out a hlthcare bill that will kick 22 mil ppl off hlthcare!
That's called, Single Payer Healthcare.
Then fix Obamacare.
Nice- so you are going to sign the republican plan?? Exactly what it promise
Can you convince GOP leaders to do that in an open, evenhanded, careful way? Seriously. It won't hapoen if they're not reined in. Please?
You have an odd way of showing it.
I am glad to see you refused to vote for the disaster called trumpcare. I am worried repubs will try to buy your vote. Don't cave!!!!
Then fix the ACA. That is what people want. Get over the fact the Dems created it. Our healthcare is worth more than petty party hate.
OK and what exactly does that mean and  how r u going to achieve that?
So you don't give a dann about the vulnerable, just the most vulnerable. Got it.
Please gather a group of moderate Republicans & create health care everyone deserves.
Pssst. Rob. We already have one. It's called the ACA. #SaveOurCare #OH12  #Indivisible
please do! It is certainly not this bill. Oh and skip the tax cuts
And we're guessing all that while fixing infrastructure, improving defense spending, building a wall and cutting taxes. Well done Sir.
Low premiums but high deductibles are a showboat. Not lower cost.
Liar. You're committed to cutting taxes for the Kochs and then using propaganda to claim that you've lowered costs or expanded coverage.
That's not the #AHCA, Senator. We demand #HealthcareNotWealthcare. Protect and Strengthen the #ACA. #PortmanVoteNo #ProtectOurCare
"Access" is double speak.
Save the ACA and work to make it better instead of following Trumpcare off a cliff.
Then man up!
And this means what?
I wish we could remove your rino elitist bought and paid for self from your office! Represent citizens who voted for REPEAL!!
#FixACA
Single payer
Suggestion: refuse to take part in any more secret negotiations. Have some REAL town halls. Work across party lines for real solutions
Good idea!  One problem!  The Dems don't want to
I think that could be accomplished by restructuring the existing health system and not dismantling it
Are you are going to get to the root cause of high insurance costs? An inefficient payment system that allows providers to overcharge!
Most vulnerable? Not a criticism but comment >>> we can all be vulnerable at one time or another. We don't plan that
catholic bishops and the Lutheran Social services have come out in opposition.  They are the true patriots of this nation
So...where is this system? Because ACA is a lot closer to it than BCRA is.
Awesome glad to hear it. Look forward to seeing you reach across the aisle to improve #ACA, and to holding you acccountable at polls if not.
I don't think those words mean what you think they do.  At least not evidenced by that latest attempt to repeal Ocare.
Then preserve existing health benefits. Don't sell out people like my 2yo - born with #CHD, 4 surgeries, needs treatment for life.
Your actions will insure OC will continue and single payer will be the next stop.  You need to rethink your position and stop socialized med
So...it's a no on Trumpcare then, right?
You are funny
So were all industrialized nations that's why they chose single payer national health services for all regardless of their ability to pay
Please don't let them bribe you. Please do not forsake the American people. We are all your constituents
You are describing the ACA, with good faith improvements. Do not tell ppl they're on a train downtown while you dynamite the tracks.
What's your position on tax cuts for the wealthy?
You have to do more than "provide access".  Access has to be afordable.
Platitudes:  Do something!
If people are dropped from health care and go to the hospital and don't pay. Who will those costs go to? Premiums won't go down.
I hope you include those with preexisting conditions and women's health issues such as prenatal/maternity care among the most vulnerable.
Single Payer is the answer. Why else would every other wstrn industrialized nation perform better than US w/single payer.Cmon
Healthcare. Pd 4 own insurance. Costly but necessary. Med costs & high pharma costs r out of control. Need affordable plan not $ to wealthy.
So lead the charge for Medicare/Medicaid for All as basic insurance with the ability to buy supplemental private insurance. From OH-09 43606
I'm so glad you have come out in favor of Single Payer! Thank you! #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All  #Howtheacasavedmylife
You will get an imperfect and corrupt system as long as insurance company profits drive care & coverage. Where are you on that?
Rising costs of healthcare is not a new problem. I worked 3 part-time jobs in early 90s because employers did't want to pay high cost of 1/2
I'm a nurse at Univ of Cincinnati & I'm well read on health policy - Senate bill devastates lives. Properly finance ACA instead!!!
Sounds great. Let's see a bill that actually meets those goals.
Huh. This bill does the exact opposite. Stop being daft.
Please Repeal Obamacare. Please don't create another giveaway program that we can not afford. Thank you.
Work with the Dems please and don't repeal ACA. Stop viewing the country through the prism of wins and losses and do what's right
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Either fix the #ACA or give us #MedicareForAll.
Just 17 Percent Of Americans Approve Of Republican Senate Health Care Bill : NPR
values. But 90% of US citizens are best served by a competitive health care system via the free market. This approach is GOP policy,  right?
Commit to keep funding for ALL healthcare issues
NO TAX CUTS !!
RAISE TAXES !!
No one, including the Treasury, gains from  TAX CUT/REBATE!
You are committed to greed, my friend.
Define access please
prosperity. Government can choose to assist the needy in accessing health care and should provide same to the poor per American Judeo-Chrstn
Tweet all u want Senator but get the Senate health care bill passed.  If not, Republican agenda dead.
And what about the free market? If America stands for anything this fourth of July, it's that a free market is the best means to shared ...
Total fraud.
Get off "repeal and replace" and work with dems on "repair"
I'm committed to getting govt out of the healthcare business.
We are counting on you to do so.
I hope so
don't forget the tax cuts !!!!!!!!!
Then that means voting NO on trumpcare. Thank you Senator.
Thank you - the goal of the healthcare bill should be to cover more Americans more affordably.
The only healthcare system you want is deadly and you can profit from.
Stop staying 

Stop saying access to care! Everyone has access you dope!  We want universal coverage that pays
This what he told us!
Sounds good but "access" is not healthcare
Dear Senator Portman, is that a true statement?
#medicare4all
Protect, expand, and improve the ACA. Or better yet, Single Payer.
So single-payer then?  Great!
Keep fighting! Trump care will gut Medicaid, dump millions off insurance, and destroy efforts to help those w addiction. #SaveOurCare
Then please start working with your democrat colleagues to fix ACA
How?
$540 billion in tax breaks for high income insurance and drug companies to cut Medicaid, planned parenthood & basic care is inhumane #BHCA
We need to just fix the things in the ACA that make it more competitive for all companies. It would be cheaper for us to keep and fix ACA.
So, Single Payer?
If you this is true, work with Democrats to bolster ACA. Best system proposed so far.
That certainly sounds like single payer where profit motive is removed, people who practice medicine and nursing make decisions about care
What does this look like? How can we believe you when you have made bad decisions: Betsy Devos, Jeff Sessions and Trump.
You're describing Medicare for all single payer. Vote no on any other healthcare bill.
that would be fixing the ACA & working with Democrats to do it...this is the kind of collusion I would like to see in our government
Are you committed to not taking anyone's healthcare away from them?
And that is just what the Senate bill did NOT do. Y not work w @OHDems to IMPROVE the popular system we do have!!! #SAVEACA
Let's be less vague.  A safer politician I have yet to meet - only touting really safe subjects, but not really showing leadership.  Lead.
*Giving tax breaks to my wealthy donors and telling Ohioans to go f* themselves* FTFY
But Rob..... you don't have the votes. The best solution to saving America from Obamacare is the one that you just opposed.
The one that leaves 22 million Americans without healthcare? That one?
Not forcing people to buy a plan that they can't afford is "not taking HC away from them". Alan, the poor can't afford Obamacare.
They won't afford Trumpcare. And it gives pharmaceutical companies a $25 billion tax break!!!
Alan.... I have crazy respect for you.... we must just agree to disagree. #America.
Agreed
You should commit yourself to restoring the ACA to what it should and could be. GOP obstructionism& dedication to killing it is what's wrong
Wow so single payer?????????
Once more for the people in the back. Single payer healthcare for all!
I am a constituent. I guess single payer system is the best and only way to go. American shame is health care system only for the wealthy
Need to cancel august recess and get it done, quit talking and get working on trump agenda
So thenbyou wont be voting for the current senate version, correct? Please confirm.
Then take the corporate blood suckers out of the picture and go with single payer like the progressive countries.
Sorry state that after years of bashing ACA the GOP came to power with NO plan.  Warren Buffet calls current plan Relief for the Rich act.
I hope this is true. The bill you just helped author does none of those things
Translation: I'm being paid to cut taxes for my rich donors. Screw the poor: they never give. They get the insurance they can afford: none.
Tweak the ACA.  Better yet Single Payer.
Words like "access" and "choice" sound great, but mean nothing if you can't afford it. But yes, let's please protect the vulnerable.
Access and choice are republican code words for you get what you can afford. If you are poor your choice is death.
