You know that's not true. You know his version of tax reform will make rich richer and poor poorer. You know that. You are unelectable now.
Look, I know Math and History are really hard subjects, but this level of stupidity is immoral.
POTUS will probably be in jail for canoodling with murderous Russian oligarchs but good Luck with that
I heard that's what Donnie said to Donnie Jr
I guess you've never experienced what happens when someone finally has had enough bs and lays out consequence on you
Aww did you get triggered? Don't worry snowflake it'll be ok
1. You have no idea who the hell your talking to
2. Your name calling& provocations =your commie socialist tears
3. I love commie tears
You're
Take advise from what you posted about Socrates on your twitter page. The rewards of doing that are immeasurable
Really?? Like you worked with him on healthcare when you voted to not repeal it?
Good. And what about WEP?  I wrote to you about 6 months and didn't get a reply.
I don't really believe that you are looking forward to working with POTUS & I don't believe your tax proposals are in my best interests.
You have to reward the people who paid to put you in office. PACs spent millions of dollars on lies to get you elected. #GOPisTheSwamp
No tax reform until Trump releases his returns.  Make him live up to his promise, Senator.
Interesting how you are "looking forward to working" on #TaxReform but "Congress should act" on DACA. You not planning on working on DACA?
Tax reform will grow neither jobs nor wages if it's main beneficiaries are the 1%. Trickle down economics does not work; never has worked.
I need a Photoshop of this with Trump as Lucy and the USA as Charlie.
What?  Another 5 years of this moron!  Ugh!
A tax cut for the rich is the worst thing you could do for the people of Ohio--unless they are rich. Tax cuts are not reform.
After 30 yrs of trickle down and little to show for it, why do you think it will work this time?
Please don't just rehash old trickle down economics crap. It's proven that does not work. You are smart, you can think of something better.
Indentifying with @POTUS may not get you bipartisan support. He is so loathed.

Funny all of this could be solved by taxing companies that offshore jobs and earnings. Or raising the Corp tax so they pay it out in salary
Working w/ POTUS...?  WAKE UP Mr. Portman!!  Trump is NOT GOP... He works only with those who make him $$... He cares not about Ohioans...
You really love the guy, don't you, senator? Even now, after all he's done.
It's cute that you think @realDonaldTrump actually knows what he is doing or cares at all about helping ppl.
No it won't. It hasn't worked before, what's different now. Definition of insanity.
When have tax cuts for the rich EVER produced jobs??? Just because you keep repeating it doesn't make it true.
Yes, but not his plan. Can you please think of a better plan please?
Do not legalize corruption. People before corporations. That's the reform America is looking for. NOW. #REALNEWS 
Please work on giving the stolen by CPS Mafia Children back their families and drop the incentives for Stealing Children.
Jesus Help us out
Ooooopppss...
DACA. People come first before we're willing to listen about taxes.

1/ @senrobportman, I read your full statement on the trump admin's #DACA annoucement. Here's my full statement on your statement: https://twitter.com/senrobportman/status/905182091930939393 …
Your constituents are educated and immune to your ineptitude.  Trickle down has not and will not ever work.  Disgraceful!
But how do u know what we, your constituents, want when u won't hear from us?  Have a town hall - not a fundraiser for yourself!
Are you well?
Seems like you need a trip to the doc.
There's a lot of news coming really quickly, but you've gotta keep up, man.
#BotPortman
We aren't going to let you turn this whole country into a tax cut toilet like Kansas. Trickle-down doesn't work.
Stop selling us trickle down economics! The only thing that trickles down is the disdain of the wealthy for the middle & lower classes.
Corporations are already sitting on $4 trillion. How much more do they need. No job growth without demand. Econ 101.
Graham-Cassidy repeal bill is bad for OH. No repeal. Fix ACA. Protect DACA. Fund hurricanes. Then talk about tax reform benefitting the rich
If you think companies will put tax savings in employee pockets your nuts!
Get off of twitter and start rounding up for to protect DACA
I called your offices today and not a single one of your staffers could tell me when your last town hall was. Was it before they were born??
I just have this sinking feeling that you define "bipartisan" as "tea party republicans" & "other rich white republicans".
Sycophant!
Tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires!! You aren't fooling anyone!! You & the GOP work for your donors, not average Americans.
I look forward to you still talking about this in 3 years instead of every doing anything. Make that money, RoPo. This is your last term.
NOBODY is anxious to work with Potus. Even the Russians who elected him don't want to.
Ohioans know that trickle down doesn't work. #NotOnePenny
Not what @POTUS proposes.  Be honest: studies show increased corp. $$ have never significantly increased jobs/wages in the past.
Not if you plan on cutting taxes to the wealthy.
Where is your study that shows cuts to corps and 1% will lead to jobs and wages?  It has NEVER DONE THAT.  IT'S DONE THE OPPOSITE.
When is the REAL town hall #PhotoOpRob? When?????????? You support #WhiteSupremacy & a man that brags about sexual assault! #YouLie
35% tax rate is a myth - stop lying!  Corps effective tax rate between 13 to 19%.
Good rundown of GOP awful tax plans.  Middle class still reeling from Tickle Down 2.0.  But Portman wouldn't know.
Trump's tax "plan" is a handout for billionaires and corporations that would explode the deficit and set the middle-class back even further. 
**Will lead to income disparity and cause an economic bubble and crash like it has every time we have tried it. #VoodooEconomics
Your entire party works for big money donors like the Kochs... it's pathetic & you sir, are bullshit!
@realDonaldTrump Foster children are 11x more likely to be medicated with powerful psychotic meds. That bans them from military for life
When is the last time a tax cut for the wealthiest brought back jobs?!?! I'll give you a hint...NEVER! You're robbing the middle class!
Make tax credits available for businesses that ACTUALLY CREATE JOBS. No need to give tax cuts to corporations that are already downsizing.
This is just Reagan era trickle down...
You misspelled my friends and I first.
Aside from going on all-expenses-paid "tours", what exactly would you say you do here, Bob?
I've seen you go canoeing, biking, fishing, play with wood, & window-shopping for tanks

What exactly is it that you do here again?
Tax cuts for the wealthy! That is what you really want.
Maybe if you tweet his handle more times he'll autograph the wall of your office. Such an honor!
