Please correct your page. You are not from Ohio.  You are from Washington D.C.
You will win in a landslide if u vote NO on this HC bill and instead insist on Rep/Dem/Ind sitting down to fix what exists. People not party
Ohioians deserve healthcare so they can work. Get on board, Rob. Vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy amendment.
Are you turning a Blind-Eye to the fact that the Trump family and Bain Capital etc. have products made in Asia? You need to walk-the-walk.
#Ohio people who need healthcare will not get a fair shake from the Graham-Cassidy proposal. You know it. Don't turn your back on #Ohio .
This is a culling bill that will cause the deaths of so many people who can no longer get the care they need bc PEC bumped up prem. VOTE NO!
Please vote no on graham Cassidy bill
I see you are still avoiding healthcare reform. Will you be voting with Sherrod again?
Save our health care. How many times do I have to call and write you to beg for my medicine and my life.
STOP JUST TALKING! What's YOUR plan?
Stop the distractions. Are you against #TrumpSicknessAndDeathBill or not?
CEOs make $10,000/hr. for killing $20/ hr. jobs but go ahead and sell the trade practices thing. Greed of the 2% is just fake news.
Workers deserve good healthcare like you have, that is paid with tax dollars.
Ohio needs good healthcare.  Congress understands this when it is their own healthcare. Graham-Cassidy is not the answer for the rest of us.
Ohio voters deserve healthcare. A vote for Graham-Cassidy is a vote AGAINST Ohio. Vote no, @senrobportman
It's hard to do any work when you're sick. Protect the ACA now and in the future. 45365
Ohio workers deserve a fair shake against unfair changes to health care coverage #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Ohio workers deserve a fair shake against illness and injury. Vote no on the healthcare bill.
Pretending G-C isn't happening is a cowardly strategy. A yes vote would be a betrayal of your constituents. Do the right thing.  Vote "no"!

JUST OUT: Under Graham Cassidy ACA repeal...

-a 31% cut to Medicaid for kids
-a 15% cut for ppl w/ disabilities…
Who do you report to?  Voters or donors?  What anout your constituents?
Hi! #Ohio workers ALSO deserve healthcare! With level playing field, they can compete with anyone! Don't you think?
Please vote no on ACA and level the playing field for health care. Your health care package should be everyone's package.
They also deserve health care that ensures affordable coverage for preexisting conditions, right? #noGrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare
Yes we do. We also deserve decent representation for our health care. Vote NO on this disaster of a health care bill. Ohio is watching.
Start a thread about HEALTHCARE, Senator. To not do so makes you look cowardly.
We also deserve healthcare that doesn’t get boosted bc of PE cond. Medicaid exp works. Vote NO on this HC bill please.Put people b4  party
Keeping your voice mail full to prevent the overwhelming number of calls you're receiving in opposition to G-C is not fooling anyone.
Where are your comments on the healthcare bill??!!
He us waiting for Sherrod to tell him how to vote
Question: Do you care more about children dying because their parents can afford life-saving treatments, or your job?
We deserve higher wages & affordable healthcare that doesn't discriminate too. Vote NO on #CassidyGrahamBill # trumpcare
I agree BAN GERMAN Robots, BAN aluminum from Mexico. Make it in the USA and see prices SOAR
How can you do this to Ohio? Do you care at all?
Rob vote no on Trumpcare. I depend on your no vote.
Question: Who do you feel most obliged to serve: the Ohioans you know damn well will suffer under this bill, or a bullying reality star?
and we dont need help with health Ins? Work bipartisan to fix Ocare, do your job for a change, democracy means COMPROMISE
Are you against #TrumpSicknessAndDeathBill
A more damaging bill than July skinny repeal, and you don't even get opioid spending you claimed to care about. You need to vote no.
#GrahamCassidy would drain billions from the people of #Ohio. The Rep governor begs for its defeat. Millions lose ins. You're good with it?
We need health care!!! Vote no on GC. Dunce.


. #Ohio residents deserve health insurance w/o underwriting policies and Lifetime Caps!
Here it is ...


By 2036, #GrahamCassidy cuts to Medicaid could hit older adults by $402 billion- a 20+% cut. http://spr.ly/601082RSn  
The Koch Bros & Co. are withholding $$ from Republicans. Who do you work for, Senator? https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform … #CassidyGraham #ohio
Until they get sick though. Right? Because that doesn't matter.
You guys campaigned on a lie and backed yourselves into a corner.
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. It's a POS bill and you know it.
Ohio workers deserve healthcare funding.  Vote no.
"To date, not one major health care industry or advocacy group has expressed support for the Graham-Cassidy plan."
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/19/obamacare-repeal-backlash-242903 …
And we deserve healthcare. We deserve not to be in constant worry that Republicans will take our healthcare away. Please vote no.
Vote for Ohio. Vote against Graham- Cassidy. We will remember if you don't, even as you try to hide your opinion from us.
Ohio is watching Rob!! You cave and your gone next !!! Your opioid campaign is a fraud if you vote for this catastrophe!
But what if they get sick?
PS, this bill doesn't even throw you the bone of $$ for addiction, so you can't use that excuse
Repeal and replace the ACA.
So then you WON'T be voting to take healthcare away from millions and 9 BILLION dollars from OH, we assume
In the past 2 days there were 27 overdoses in Trumbull County,Ohio. Voting yes on Graham-Cassidy will make it even worse! VOTE NO!
No opioid funding yet you support #GrahamCassidy wow Senator how low can you stoop?
They can also go to a smaller company, potentially get paid more, & promote US job growth? #SmallBusiness #SkilledTrades #manufacturing #HTC
All voice mail boxes in all your offices are full.  I need to leave you a voicemail so you can ignore  it like you have all my emails.
Big fat NO to that healthcare bill pay to play portman
Minimum wage increases. Equal taxing to ALL citizens, including the rich scum and universal healthcare. #deserve
Ohio workers deserve health care and protection from having their preexisting conditions used against them. Graham Cassidy is #BadForOhio
Ohio citizens need you to vote NO on Cassidy Graham Healthcare.
Listen to our Governor:
John Kasich Tells GOP To Stop Trying To Repeal Obamacare And Work With Democrats To Improve It http://j.mp/2fCaILG  
No stance or tweet on HC?
They also deserve affordable #healthcare. The #GrahamCassidyBill  would make that unlikely. Want to support workers? Vote NO.
New bill is cruel &proves GOP values wealthy donors over constituents Rejected by GOP Govs, Patient Advocates &insurers #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Believe us....Ohio will not forget how you vote on the health care bill. A yes vote means forget reelection
Pls vote #NOGRAHAMCASSIDY . This bill will harm our veterans along w/our most vulnerable & millions of Americans. Country Over Party
Americans deserve to have affordable, quality healthcare even if it is at the expense of a few magnates #wearewatchingyourvote
And healthcare. They deserve healthcare.
They also deserve affordable health care which you're about to help be taken away
Vote NO on graham Cassidy. You work for us, not a corporate paycheck.
I've written more on Graham-Cassidy than you have, Rob. Here are my thoughts:
Forcing them to worry about health care coverage is the opposite of a level playing field. No other country would think about #CassidyGraham
Leave my health care alone!!!
This arrogant creep doesn't even read the comments. Why are you doing this to the people of Ohio,,?
Just heard you're voting for ACA repealed. Shame on you.
What about healthcare? Are you planning on voting on this disastrous bill without even a CBO score?
Also, we know where your office is. Answer your phone or deal with us in your office.
WE DESERVE HEALTHCARE.
If they're sick because you voted to take away their healthcare- what does it matter?
Since your voice mail is full- you must know REAL people are affected by your actions. You must vote NO!!
There is zero money for opioid addiction in Graham/Cassidy bill. I thought that was important to you!!
I agree. Lost job with Amcast (see Google) to Chinese. 2500 ppl lost jobs. But what's the point if we have no affordable insurance? NO on GC
What about Healthcare? Do we deserve that? The Graham Cassidy bill is seriously flawed.
JUST OUT: Under Graham Cassidy ACA repeal...

-a 31% cut to Medicaid for kids
-a 15% cut for ppl w/ disabilities
Rob - explain how this healthcare bill won't send my family into medical bankruptcy. My wife has stage 4 breast cancer. I left 2 VM's today!
Hey Rob, he deserves an answer along with the rest of Ohio.  Are you so cruel that you'll vote to destroy hard working families?
And Ohio residents deserve health care.
Vote no on #GrahamCassidy, it's the right and only thing to do
They also deserve affordable health insurance
#Ohio families deserve a fair shake with unfair Healthcare repeals. With a bipartisan fix, we can work to help anyone. 
I fixed your tweet.
They also deserve affordable healthcare which #CassidyGraham will not provide. Will you vote NO to protect them?
Whirlpool is on your donor list.
I don't understand why you keep tweeting about all these issues knowing front and center is healthcare. It really makes you seem ignorant.
Do you know AMA and AARP and ACS are just a few of many against this bill. Yes you know and you do not care. Real Christian like, Rob. FAKE!
maybe link to site that isnt a fucking nightmare to read
We also deserve affordable healthcare!
They also deserve a fair shake on healthcare! #CassidyGraham will not give them that.
Ohio citizens deserve affordable healthcare.
Even Governor Kasich knows #GrahamCassidy will hurt Ohio.
Support your constituents.
#VoteNO
So do #disabled ohioans.  Please do not vote for #Medicaid cut and cap.  Your governor knows how harmful this is and he says so
Yes we do! We also deserve healthcare with coverage for mental health and pre-existing conditions. #VoteNo #GRAHAMCASSIDY
#Ohio citizens also deserve health care/pre-existing condition coverage. Ohioans can't work if they're dead. http://radio.wosu.org/post/rob-portman-hints-hell-support-latest-gop-health-care-bill#stream/0 … #VoteNO
Americans deserve a president who does not cheat workers as a way of making money.
OH will be 1 of the states hurt the worst by Graham/Cassidy bill........https://t.co/d4Ph7awERE?amp=1
how about NOT passing an unfair Graham Cassidy wealthcare bill? Cuts protections for pre-existing conditions
People with pre-existing conditions, pregnant women among those who lose out in GOP's latest health care bill. https://apnews.com/e57328097c154b5e9c86daa0150552b9 … #Ohio
Vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy #Countryoverparty
http://www.healthhazardsofhomosexuality.info 
Ohio will be one of the states hurt the worst by Graham/Cassidy bill
Who's more despicable?  Sens. who lie about why they support G-C (e.g. Cassidy) or Sens. too cowardly to admit their support (e.g. Portman)?
We deserve healthcare so we can live. Protect the ACA and then worry about trade practices.
How about you let us keep our health care?
#SavetheACA
I wouldnt be able to afford health insurance without it, #GrahamCassidy is no good
Please Senator Portman vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy Bill. It makes zero sense to rip coverage from millions of people and increase costs!
They also deserve healthcare for their families! Vote "No!" on #GrahamCassidy, Senator.
You know what else Ohio workers deserve?  Healthcare.
Seriously? Where are you on this mean spirited healthcare bill?
OH workers deserve access to high quality affordable healthcare. Vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy. Show you really care about OH workers.
We kind of have to be alive and healthy in order to compete!
Level the playing field by supporting universal healthcare.  That way corporations won't have to manage healthcare
Your worries about Ohio's jobs but are you worried about Ohio's health? VOTE NO on Graham Cassidy!

Ohio workers deserve the same health care you Senators get. #MedicareForAll
Senator, vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Start protecting 45yr up from being pushed out of their jobs n Ohio's mfg. sector. U r aware of this & the non ability 2 get a job 45 and 
We deserve healthcare coverage and you're a yes as usual supporting the party line. With no CBO score. U what cuts to Medicare for tax cuts.
Ohio workers also deserve healthcare! Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy!
How about a fair shake on healthcare?  Vote no, Senator!
what are your thoughts on the healthcare bill?
This won't matter if their loved ones r dying at home w/o healthcare!
How about ensuring the working class can afford health care? Vote no on ACA repeal.
The deserve a fair shake in healthcare too ... What's your take Rob? @robportman
R senators can't explain why G-C is good. Say that Ohio will fair worse How can you support?  https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/20/16333876/republican-senators-graham-cassidy … #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
If only healthcare got as much tweet attention from your staff as manufacturing and trafficking. #GLRI has disappeared too. #GrahamCassidy

Get this - the American Medical Association opposes the Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill because it violates “first, do no harm.”
Can we keep Healthcare also? That would be nice...
Rob's party passed a bill in the House ending overtime pay for hourly workers.
#GrahamCassidy would take $9 billion from Ohio and insurance away from 800k Ohioans. How about a fair shake against that?
What's your stance on the new death care bill? CBO won't be able to even get estimates for weeks but you guys wanna vote next week??????????
His stance is the same here as anything else:
How much can I get paid for my vote?
That sums it up nicely.
Your Twitter bot is tone deaf to tweet about anything but protecting the healthcare of your constituents in Ohio. Your morals are showing.
Ohio workers also deserve to know where you stand on #GrahamCassidy , but that would require you to take a position.
How about protecting us from Unfair Healthcare Policies.  VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy.
All Ohioans deserve affordable healthcare,  ppl over 50, ppl w/pre-existing condition, a disability, or want a child. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
They also seek to keep their healthcare. NO Graham-Cassidy!
#Ohio workers also deserve access to healthcare.  #doyourjob #healthcare #ACASavesLives #MedicareForAll
And health care, whether working for an employer that provides it or not. Don't forget that.
What? I thought you were just going to kill us off... so... if you're working on jobs then, are you voting against #GrahamCassidyBill ?
We deserve to keep our health insurance and the ACA protections! #noGrahamCassidy
Well, well, well, Senator, so the real issue is $$$. You are being bought. Shame on you!  #GrahamCassidy
This is @BetsyDeVosED all over again... Doesn't care about Ohio so long as he gets paid.
Graham-Cassidy kills the emp. mandate so those workers can look forward to the premiums of their employer-provided insurance skyrocketing.


Vote NO on Graham Cassidy

#Ohioans also deserve health care, every single one of them. Vote NO on #Trumpcare
@senrobportman why are your offices no longer taking calls? Cleveland mailbox full?  Vote NO ON Graham Cassidy.
We won't have any workforce if trumpcare passes
Governor Kasich is on the right side of this issue. Are you, Senator?

Big thanks to Blue Cross for putting patients before profits & exposing #GrahamCassidy/#TrumpCare’s attack on those w/preexisting conditions https://twitter.com/thehill/status/910544118371274752 …
I know the Koch money is so tempting and you won't get any if you don't repeal the ACA - but could you just think of your constituents once
Shit you all sent all the work to China now you want to point fingers. Shit put it back in the USA. Not China. Every thing is made in China
#Ohio workers deserve a fair shake affording healthcare. Will you vote NO on Graham-Cassidy or doom those people to illness & bankruptcy?
Ohio workers deserve a fair shake in health Care.  NO ON #GrahamCassidy
Ohio citizens deserve good health care, not the mess GOP trying to pass. VOTE NO. VOTE NO. VOTE NO
Ohio is set to lose $9 billion under Graham-Cassidy. What do you have to say about that?
They also deserve affordable healthcare. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
Insurance companies gotta go. Pharmaceuticals need competition and hospital costs contained. So, no, some companies need to go OOB.
They also deserve healthcare...
We are begging you to pause your auto-tweets and tell us where you stand re: #GrahamCassidy. My God, sir, our lives are depending on  you.
He hasn't voted against any GOP bill that I've seen. He's party over country all the way. Cares about his career over our health.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
Rob, tell them in Ohio about the law you're trying to pass making it a FELONY crime for Americans to boycott #Apartheid #israel. 
#BDS
What? Come'on! I'm so sick of them doing things we hate while hiding behind other things we hate!
I think it's unfair that workers in other countries get free healthcare. Is there any way you could take it away from them?
Ohio workers also deserve good, affordable healthcare that covers illnesses. When will you speak about that?
Maybe at a town hall. Na that would take guts. #fakefoxnews
Are you voting no on #GrahamCassidyBill ? I would like to know as a constituent.
Ditto. 44691
Lake County here
How will you vote on this horrific #GrahamCassidyBill ???? Stop screwing around!
