It's ridiculous that McConnell is making you work five whole weeks in a row. Don't let him get away with that. #NoBCRA #44107
So stop being complicit with a so-called POTUS who compromises it. 1944 days left for you. #UnseatTheSellout
Christfuck. Don't pretend any plan has value when you plan on the option to do this garbage healthcare bill.
Donald Trump is the greatest threat to our democracy yet you remain silently complicit. SHAME!
Protecting our country isn't the #1 mission of the GOP. Can it, shitbird. Y'all for money, not for freedom.

DO NOT CUT MEDICAID.
Who will secure us from politicians who refuse to act in the best interest of the nation rather than their own political and party interest?

I hope the huge waste of $$ to build a wall is just as concerning.
Our number one national security mission is accessible and affordable healthcare for all. US has poorer medical outcomes than Europe.
This consisten deflection from the real issues will be the death of our republic. Our representatives need to start working on our behalf!
Lots to do, Senator, but the healthcare vote is still "NO"! Protect pre-existing conditions!
Truth.
Wrong. Wrong wrong wrong. The president is the single greatest threat to national security in history. What are you doing to stand up to him
stopping Russian influence would help.
Our number one priority should be cyber-security. It is truly depressing how out-of-touch you are in your bubble.
#1 threat Republicans divorced from reality/science/evidence. DOD $ more than allies+foes combined. F35+Osprey+USSZumwalt=$1.5TRILLION WASTE
Defend our Nation from current POTUS is becoming an alarming priority.
How about not following a Russian operative, acting as POTUS, over the Healthcare cliff?
You, @GOP MUST suspend @jaredkushner to defend our homeland. Remove him from his positions-he's killing our country for their selfish greed!
Build the wall. Repeal Obamacare now.
Why spend $$$ on defense? Russkies are our BFF under Republican Trump? We can assume they have the blueprints for all of our weapons systems
Save our democracy remove Trump now
How many of your achievements are worth the legacy of silence on Trump? Silence is tacit support. You are complicit.
And what are they defending? Vote no on the healthcare bill.
The GOP must stand for what is right. How long will you continue to act like nothing is happening?
Your silence on anything related to Trump campaign's collision with Russia is deafening. Where is your integrity?
*collusion
'Collision' works.
Treasonous @realDonaldTrump's biggest supporter in Congress.... you guessed it, @senrobportman!!! 

#PortmanRussia
Da. Number adeen.
Where is your statement and call for censure on @realDonaldTrump and his collusion with Russia to interfere in our elections?
Defending the homeland? Really? No healthcare town hall? Socialists from New York? Try defending Ohio citizens, schmuck.
You are complicit.
WHOA. Don Jr.'s false statement Sat. was drafted by WH aides & seen by Trump. This wasn't Jr being dopey. This was an attempted WH cover-up.
And yet is gets worse. Pulling people out of wheelchairs. Putin is winning. Yet you remain to act like it is all normal. We remember.
I remember in the beginning calling you and crying. We were all so scared . But yet nothing to this day have you ever said to calm us.
It should be the #1 mission for you, too. #impeach45 #Russia
Defending the homeland includes revealing our Presidents collusion with Russia.
It's patriot vs traitor time
If you side with a regime that colluded with Russia it is the latter.  
Choose your side for the history books!
Just be sure you don't cut any healthcare funding. That means in no way, for no period of time, through no elaborately crafted tricks.
Are we even talking about the treasonous behavior of the Trump family? You are a good person and an elected official, speak up for Ohio.
Why in the world does Kushner still have a job in the WH with security clearance?  You are on the Homeland Security Commitee, DO SOMETHING!
Whose homeland? Russians or Americans? Not clear whose side you are on?
All to let Putin have his way in this country? STAND UP!
You misidentify the threat. It's you know who. If you don't stand up, you dishonor those who fought in Iwo Jima, Guadalcanal & Normandy.
And the other ACA funding in Toledo is a good thing.  National Security IS important.  POTUS doesn't care, all about self interest with him
You can start by defending citizens healthcare.  Work bipartisan and fix ACA, it's the right thing.
Right. So how about some show of concern about our present admin being in bed with Putin?
As big a threat as anything right now is the Admin in our White House. Trump & Co. have no concept of governance.
Don't need to defend the homeland if we all die from a lack of medical care and pollution. Pruitt and the BRCA will do more damage than war.
Well then you should support them against your president.
You continue to avoid the hard questions. Not my Senator anymore.
How do you defend it against the White House?
What about the real threat to the #USA ? Which we are all seeing is the entire GOP.
So relieved to see you've finally made a statement regarding Trump's Russian situation!  Back here in OH we DO care about this issue!
does defending the homeland against Russian interference in our elections count as number 2 in the security mission?
Yet, silence on the threat to democracy coming from the White House. Republican Party is complicit with their silence. Country first Rob.
Don Jr. handed you the evidence you need to prove collusion between DT's campaign and Russia. When are you going to do something?
The very least you could do is stop supporting this administration. They've committed treason and if you don't do something, we'll hold...
...you responsible as well. Accomplice after the fact.
You have no intention to defend the homeland if you do not take a stand against Trump.  At the very least make a statement.

And, Saturday at the Ronald McDonald house Children's Hospital in Toledo.
Today at your office in Toledo
The Russian threat is coming from inside the (White) House.
You know what else would help?  A president who is not a traitor.
Russia and China can't become the leaders of the world!  Also protect health care!
Fraud.
Fund gags for the Trump families mouth and take away their phones and national security will increase!!
Your party is selling this country out for a little political power. Shame on you, on your party, on your supporters.
Are you committed to defending us against the cyberwar they've leveled against us?
That really hasn't been its #1 mission in over 150 years.
We should never try to take away  Tillerson & Trump opportunity to negotiate sanctions! GOP can't even pass important Trump bills!
So how does this statement of yours reconcile with the Trump Russian connections. Your lack of speaking out says volumes. @OHDems
Defend your country from the traitors in the WH.
Between #TrumpRussia, #TrumpCare,  #EPAcuts & #DeVos, you're doing the WORST job ever of defending our homeland.
Defend it by denouncing Trump. What will history say about you Senator? Traitor? Co-conspirator? Sold your Patriotism for who and what?
I am a constituent and I DEMAND accountability concerning Trump and his Russian ties. This is treasonous & the Repubs are culpable Speak up
U need to get rid of POTUS now. 1st step to securing the US.
you mean like against adversaries like Russia from hacking into nuclear plants? How close are you to Davis-Besse?
THE CALL IS COMING FROM INSIDE THE (WHITE) HOUSE! 
Defending the homeland would mean holding accountable those who let hostile foreign powers run over our elections. #ohio #impeach
Seven (7) years!
You mean shipping weapons to the Saudis and inflicting horror upon the voiceless children in Yemen?
http://www.alternet.org/news-amp-politics/noam-chomsky-trumps-threat-human-civilization-more-immediate-we-realize#.WNxEenUQBPY.twitter …
The number one priority should be getting this corrupt administration out of office and into a prison cell.
You want to defend Americans well being so you will take 22 million Americans' health care and turn it into $100s of billions for the rich
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
Blah blah blah. Until I hear any GOP speak out against DT, the whole "I love my country" schtick is baloney. The damage he's doing is fast.

Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 
Can you work a little harder defending us from Russia?
Your tweets are so tone deaf it's like you don't even watch the news. The threat is coming from INSIDE the house!!!
That's the militarys job, repeal ocare and work on free market healthcare
If you don't believe in climate change then why worry as there will be nothing left to defend.
Defending Medicaid from cuts remains the number one domestic concern for #Ohio. This healthcare bill will not help. #NoBCRA #SaveMedicaid
Does defending the homeland include defending against election interference from Russia and collusion with Trump? You've been quiet on this

June 7 - 5:16 PM - Don Jr. confirms meeting w/ Russian lawyer

June 7 -  9:13 PM Trump promises press conf the…

Continued: 

June 9: Trump Jr. meeting…
Do you plan on defending the homeland from treason?  It appears to have happened right under the #GOP's nose Rob.
Defending us from Russia though?  How could we do that?
Hmmmmm....
Or maybe from your own party too?
how about our democracy, rob?
How about defending the homeland from POTUS & his treasonous family?
