ignorant
Is Trump restoring our leadership in the world?
Remove head from ass please.
America never lost our leadership roll, till Trump that is
If the U.S. is not currently a leader in the world, who is? There's nothing to "restore," except education and health care.
You can best RESTORE America's Leadership role in America by FIRING the #MalignantNarcissisticSociopath in WH! #FNC
If you support building the wall, repealing the ACA, and the #MuslimBan, you're doing a garbage job at all three.
then I suggest you reverse your position on the ACA repeal. What about the ACAentrpenuers who started businesses?
Because #GOP wants to give billionaires tax cuts and let the rest of us die without access to healthcare
Leading us back 300 years? Better get that guy in the WH under control or there is no future.
how about #standup #american #values #constitution! #MuslimBan #unamerican #ReligiousTest #undemocratic #unchristian!
right now you're his rubber stamp. Where's your backbone.
impeach Trump or you're lying.
How about speaking out against a mentally ill President.
Who is controlled by Bannon, a Leninist anarchist, and Putin and creating a world wide crisis while you watch.
you could start by opposing the #MuslimBan. Show the world we are still the land of the free.
Then take a stand,sir. Repudiation of religious discrimination is a profound source of pride of being an American citizen
Well, our leadership role in the world is gone now.  We have proven our word is worth nothing.  Shame on you.
.@senrobportman Constituent w preexisting conds; Terrified I'll lose insurance. Will you reprsnt me + others in need of affordable hlthcare?
How is repealing #ACA helping Ohio's most vulnerable?
we are not showing leadership in the world today.....
Are you going to recycle this statement every time your constituents get riled up?
Create jobs by giving billionaires tax cuts and stripping citizens of right to decent healthcare?
How about standing up against POTUS and do what is right and just! Jobs won't matter as the country becomes unrecognizable!
ur scheduled tweets r totally tone deaf in face of constitutional crisis. ACA repeal & high end/Corp tax cuts are worth this?
Now you plan to increase retirement age to give tax cut to billionaires. Create jobs? Where are the jobs?
you're not doing well, homey
This is phenomenally tone deaf to current events in our nation.
this is the tweet you put out when our President blocks millions from possibly emigrating?
That's it? That's all you've got? Coward. #MuslimBan
refugees are the most vulnerable in society. 50% of all refugees are women and girls.
this is pretty tone deaf and embarrassing
Especially since his actions clearly show he plans to do the opposite of what he claims.
“helping the most vulnerable”…if  this were true, you would have made a statement against the #MuslimBan by now
If you truly want to help the most vulnerable, now is a good time to speak out against Trump’s immigration ban.
Seriously? Where the hell are you? Living and governing under a rock?
He seems to be zoning out at ballgames.
oppose the nomination for Scott Pruitt I reside in cuyahoga county.
how about blocking Betsy DeVow!! She is not qualified!!
Your Party did this.  You own it unless you speak out against it.  This is madness.
pretty tone deaf tweet. This is a Cinstitutionsl crisis
will you protect the first amendment and American values?
Senator, please stand up for the 1st Amendment to the US Constitution.  It is your sworn duty and obligation. It is your lasting legacy.
Refocus. @senrobportman
I'm focused on creating more & better #Ohio #jobs, helping most vulnerable in our society & restoring America’s leadership role in the world
the speak out against what is happening and help the vulnerable you profess to want to.
so, you're already ready to dump Trump?  he is despicable.
and so far, failing at all of them
the world will remember your silence!
that's great... larger questions in the air... what about immigration restrictions?
leadership role? The rest of the world are shaking their heads at you. Nothing but bad examples now.
what the people being detained at airports? What about the tired, the sick, and the poor?  Be a man & stand up.  Lead, sir.
these words most vunerable I don't think they mean what you think they mean. #moralcoward
will you support the Syrian refugees?  Will you please speak out on this?  I am a constituent. Please do the right thing!
jobs will mean nothing to a nation giving up its values. Get your blinders off and head in the game.
An Ohio voter. I am deeply disturbed by your support of Trump, this appointees, and any repeal of ACA--even delayed....
the most vulnerable includes refugees. Leadership includes doing what's right. Stop #MuslimBan.
You nerd to focus on impeaching Trump,keeping the ACA,bringing back immigration and asylum, preventing war,clean energy.
when will you be speaking out against Trump's ban against refugees?
Senator, Somali-Americans are a vital part of our Columbus cmmty.  Please support them & speak out against @POTUS's EO
is this thing on? You wanna stick to talking points? Ok. What about jobs in healthcare sector affected by ACA repeal?
what about the vulnerable being served by the ACA?
What about world leadership when not speaking out against nat'l immigration policies that close off borders, trade, ideas?
that's a two-way street. How long before US is sanctioned by other world powers who disagree w/way its cit's are harassed?
focus on mockery that is our Government #nomuslimban We have jobs in #ohio you to #StandUpToTrump for your constitutes
Be a leader by speaking out against the Muslim ban executive order!
trump is destroying our "place" in the world and you and the republicans are letting him.
we cannot be leaders in the world if we turn our backs on refugees.
We cannot lead the world if we continue to isolate ourselves from it. Walls, Muslim ban, less global trade AREN'T LEADERSHIP.
then speak out against the #Muslim ban
you can start with the long term investment of good education. Do not confirm Betsy DeVos.
Our leadership role? DUDE Unless we are the poster child for mental heath and republican http://reform.You  are all out next election
When are you going to speak out against what Trump is doing. Are they not a vulnerable group
Ohio has a vibrant immigrant and refugee community. STAND UP for ALL OHIOANS and denounce this horrific unamerican ban
How can we lead by cutting ourselves off from the rest of the world?
the most vulnerable are now the 500k with green cards being detained
Refugees are a pretty vulnerable population. Will you be helping them today? #Trump is a tyrant and it's your job to protect democracy.
How about the fascism and potential war fomenting in the wh? Focus on that.  PLEASE FOCUS ON THE MAN BEHIND THE CURTAIN
Are you going to take away their healthcare?
refugees are also some of the most vulnerable in our global society #RefugeesWelcome
will you speak out against the president's cruel, discriminatory, irrational, destructive, unAmerican refugee ban?
does that include exploring trade opportunities with other nations, or just xenophobic protectionism?
can you also focus on the hate spewing from the White House #nomuslimban #RefugeesWelcome are you pro life or not? #ProLife
Immigrants are entrepreneurs. Create OH jobs by welcoming immigrants and refugees. Oppose the #MuslimBan!
When will you be denouncing the illegal and immoral ban on refugees and immigrants? #MuslimBan
We can't be world leaders if we are isolationists. Refugees=THE most vulnerable right now. Fight for them, fight for us.
Is American leadership consistent w slamming the door on dual citizens, legal immigrants, and refugees?  How can u be silent?
Well right now the leadership of the United States is not doing so well. We were doing better during @POTUS44 #stoptrump
the most vulnerable are now even moreso because of president trump. what are you going to do about the danger he poses?
you had 39 responses to this tweet - 38 don't like what you are doing right now !!!  READ THE TWEETS
Refugees are the most vulnerable in our society. We, your constituents, need you to speak out strongly against the #MuslimBan
Sometimes I feel that tweeting you or other Republicans is a waste of time. But it always comes to standing for beliefs.
why do you keep posting the same thing and you don't address the HUGE issues we are facing right now?
How will we be a leader in the world after turning our backs on refugees? Stop w the political talking points. Not today.
Does restoring our leadership role mean we lead by isolation and fear as it seems to be what is happening that many see.
It's disappointing that you are putting party over country & not speaking out discrimination based on religion
Sounds to me as if you are fiddling while America burns!
when will you decry Trump's Muslim ban?
if you're serious, choose morality, ethics, & being a decent human being over political party.  Otherwise we vote you out.
Like the refugee mother here in Columbus who has been separated from her baby for 10 years? I assume you're helping her?
I would say there are some vulnerable refugees who would love to settle in Ohio & help create jobs. Gonna let them come?
you joking?Leadership restored by welcoming vulnerable refugees; enacting sensical gun laws; robust public health & education
If you want America to be a leader, speak out against the #MuslimBan. Choose morality over party.
Vulnerable being women, low income families, refugees and other immigrants...etc...right? #NoBanNoWall #WomensRights
Then choose love over hate & unity in diversity. Be the man & senator Ohioans thought you would be. Choose country over party
please focus on stopping the unconstitutional policies that the new adminstration is trying to put in place.
Are you even paying attention?  #MuslimBan
stop this train wreak then find jobs!
how can you restore America's leadership role in the world if @realDonaldTrump is cutting us off from it?
We can not be a world leader if we isolate ourselves from the world. The most vulnerable are the ones that DT just banned.
please share your postion on social security and medicare & ask Devos for the 5m she owes OH  an #NoDAPL
Are you supporting woman who broke OH laws & refuses to pay fines? Let her ruin OH education like she ruined MI?
.@senrobportman America already has a leadership role in the world. And now thanks to #MuslimBan that role is religious discrimination.
You were once considered a wise statesman.

Stand up to your party in the name of what we all hold dear
every time you tweet out some inane political tweet you prove how tone deaf you are to the reality around you. It's sickening
then pls stop Trump's immigration rules & ban We are nation of immigrants No reason to be so undemocratic.Please!
Does the most vulnerable include sick kids who would lose health coverage under Donaldcare?
@tara59 @senrobportman counting on Sen Portman to make this right. Seems GOP is rubber-stamping madness without extreme vetting
the GOP is going down with Trump. You can either sit by and let it happen or you can stand up & have some damn moral courage
refugees are vulnerable
care about this!
Selling education to foreign students is one of our most lucrative export industries. You read that correctly. We're destroying exports. https://twitter.com/terrymoran/status/825364338001195010 …
By having a Stronger Military
Great Luck!
