Gorsuch has consistently ruled in favor of corporation/big business over people. Also, the validity of his appt is highly ???
Help on what to do about your privacy that rob voted against
He is against women! I want a  NO vote! A your job is to vote our voice not your own
No one else should be elected to any position until the investigation is over.  How about you make that your priority?
@senrobportman you are not representing Ohio people with developmental disabilities, women, or children well! #NoGorsuch
You really don't want to be re-elected do you?
Stop lying Sen Portman
I'm a constituent of OHIO vote NO!!!!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @RNC @GOP
push him through! Do as those that voted you in wanted.
Merrick Garland had an outstanding record, too.
defund PP in Ohio.
Today, Rob Portman sold our internet privacy.  Thanks to Rob and his cronies, we have no rights.  Today, he let Ohioans down.  Again.
Women bonding with their newborn baby & establishing milk supply is manipulative? I refuse to vote R in any way now. Monsters
Cowards like Gorsuch hide behind evasion. At least stand up for your views.  You Hide because you know you're wrong, right?
especially if you are one of those corporations.  he loves to favor them over real people.
This was Obama's appointment and you blocked it.  Turnabout is fair play! YOU are not fair-minded, independent or universally respected.
. @NPRinskeep 1 tweet supports>50against @senrobportman doesn't represent us #ProfitsOverPeople
How do you @senrobportman benefit from your support of #Gorsuch? Who does he benefit?  It is not those at the margins. @OhioDistrict12
Why are you trying to convince us that Judge #Gorsuch is such a good choice?  Maybe you should challenge him to represents us. #NoToGorsuch
It is a Stolen Seat by an Illegitimate President.  If you vote yes on Gorsuch, you will be insulting women everywhere. #ThisMissionMatters
A Record as corporate shill. #WeThePeople deserve a justice 4  people not corporations = #ProfitsOverPeople #NoEmpathy
Nope.1. FBI investigation =45 may be illegal 2.his decision on truck driver was extreme example of really poor judgment out of mainstream
Your vote for Gorsuch will be costing you hundreds of votes come election time. Thanks for betraying your constituents.
As usual, your more interested in the party than your constituents.   As always, you are a,disappointment

Can you be 100% sure he has America's best interest at heart and not Russia's? Like Gen. Flynn?
No confirmation until #45 is cleared! GOP would have been RIOTING if Obama tried to seat a justice while under investigation. HYPOCRISY!
Rob took $89,000 from the Telecom Industry.  He sold out Ohioans for $89k  That's all our privacy is worth to Rob. #DontReElectRobPortman
You're a dying generation. Craw back to your cave in Indian Hills.
U don't rep Ohio's future. Ur big money family from Cinci is the ONLY reason you're a senator. Ur votes on CitzUnited &Gorsuch prove this
I thought I'd already heard the dumbest thing I could today and then I read this...
Judge Merrick Garland had also has an outstanding record as a fair-minded, independent and respected judge...  Deny Gorsuch.
The American people do not want a Pro-Corporation SCOTUS. You are a horrible listener.
Did the GOP give you that quote, or were you allowed to write your own? Try something new....work for Ohio instead of Trump. #nointegrity
Funny, many people believe the same of Garland, but you never even gave him a hearing. #doyourjob #trumprussia #FilibusterGorsuch
Shame on u n ALL repugs. A vote for him is against women, LGBTQ and basic human rights. Can't wait til ur out. Ashamed u rep my district.
How much would we have to pay you to actually do your job of representing Ohioans instead of money?
It shouldn't be POINTLESS for thousands of constituents to contact you. It should matter more than $$.
Selling votes for $$ is called corruption.  Do you think of yourself as corrupt? You sold our privacy. You sold our planet. Education...
Keep ur insular world w/ controlled phone "townhalls" and don't respond to constituent calls, visits, emails, tweets... Your job desc is REP
Where were you during Merrick Garland? Why didn't you do your job?  We *begged* you.
It's so frustrating to call ur office day after day knowing that you'll sell out for $. $89K for our privacy. $51k for education...
Once again you are supporting someone who your constituents have told you they don't want. #notmysenator
AND YOU ARE BAD AND SHOULD FEEL BAD! #HUSKYFORSENATE #ITCANNOTBEWORSE
he could shit diamonds. He's nominated by an illegitimate president who's being investigated for treason. Don't vote him in.
Disagree! What planet do you live on? #yourconstituentsarewatching
No. #stolenseat
Actually, when I first read this I couldn't decide if you were being sarcastic or just lying like the rest of the Trump team
When you tweet this nonsense, why don't your supporters show they agree with you? Why are so many against you? Just sayin'
No Gorsuch, No ACHA.. are you trying to kill us?
No he doesn't.
no vote on Gorsuch while Trump is under investigation #SCOTUSnominee #Trumprussia
no vote...should have been Garland!
he is NOT who Americans want or need - Portman you need to stand up Against Gorsuch. -corrupt!
shame on u for failing to do your job a year ago playing politics now your a yes man all smiles do yr job Russians in WH
no he doesn't. Glad to see once again you are ignoring the voice of the citizens you represent. 
no SCOTUS should be confirmed when a sitting president is under FBI investigation!!!  Be on the side of right
So is Merrick Garland and he got there first!
This is not the time with POTUS under investigation.
No. No, he doesn't. Ohio is watching and listening.
your party leader is being criminally investigated by the FBI. Y'all need to stand down on Gorsuch and healthcare.
Why didn't you give Garland his hearing? #StolenSeat
I just want to clarify...your allegiance lies with @POTUS and not Ohio constituents, correct? No need to run for re-election
The man who chose him is being investigated by FBI for Russian collusion, and you've got his back?????  2018 ... We will not forget.
There should be no hearing for him under the circumstances of the Trump team being under Federal investigation for collusion.
.@senrobportman So did Merrick Garland, appointed by President elected by a much bigger % of pop. than DJT. Your point?
Merrick Garland waited for 293 days and never got a hearing. And now this. History will not judge your role kindly sir.
he doesn't believe in women's rights and doesn't understand that women can be Moms & CEOs

RT if you AGREE

We're calling for a TOTAL &COMPLETE SHUTDOWN of the WH until we figure out WHAT THE HELL is going…
I sent a packet of postcards to you from my students and you have addressed many of our concerns, but this loses my vote 4 u.
Hmmm I thought GOP was fine with 8 on the court?
NOOO! He will be bad for women, LGBTQ folks, and the environment, including not protecting our Great Lakes! #NoGorsuch #repUS
good thing he can't get knocked up.
Doesn't he also wanna take rights away from LGBT folks? I thought you care about us.
 No. Just no. Please tell us again how you couldn't vote on Merrick Garland? I just love that story #GorsuchHearing #SCOTUS
Reply to @senrobportman Too bad you didn't have the courage to acknowledge the same about Garland.
#gorsuch is too #Conservative need #moderate
Merrick Garland.
I support Judge Gorsuch. Too bad Merrick Garland didn't get the same treatment.
Really? Have you read any of his decisions?! You gave us DeVos... enough man. Enough.
Independent my ass! Besides #StolenSeat
Merrick Garland deserved a hearing and confirmation. Nothing changes the fact that your party failed to do its job.
hmmm, that's interesting because I heard the same about Merrick Garland... #hypocrite #MerrickGarland #partisan #SCOTUS
and for the record, again as a constituent, any other time I'd have no problem with Gorsuch, I like to see balance in #SCOTUS
but when you & your @GOP boys decide that Garland can't even be heard & then cry over anyone standing against Gorsuch...
...well it's at that point that the hypocrisy becomes too much to accept...this is partisanship at it's worst...
and your inability to admit/accept that it's partisan is not only maddening it's also downright Trumpian...
Gorsuch should not get a vote until FBI investigation into Trump is complete.
This is a stolen seat. He is a homophobic, misogynist. You're an embarrassment to Ohio!
So did Merrick Garland.
no confirmation until the investigation of 45's campaign colluding with Russia ends. GOP can't cover up anymore. We see you.
.@senrobportman hey senator. I respectfully disagree. Did you forget about "fascists forever"?  Come on. Quit towing the party line.
#racistsexistgop #MerrickGarland he thinks women should ask their jobs permission to get preggers. #capitalism sucks
he is taking another mans job interview. Shame on you
Did you talk to Garland?
And all of those things were true about Merrick Garland who the GOP disrespected by refusing to so much as meet with him!
No doubt you would say that, you follow the rest of the lemmings in the Republican Party. Last term rob.
Who is more important, people or corporations? He answered that question in his ruling of #citizensunited No would be better
since we know that your votes are for sale, I hope #Gorsuch gave you at least half as much as #BetsyDeVos.
But he was nominated by an administration under investigation by the FBI. If this was Hillary you would protest.
.@senrobportman- so did #Merrill Garland.  Shame on all of you who refused to hold a hearing. Shame!
except his views on women's reproductive rights and his views of separation of church and state!
Merrick Garlands seat. You have no right to fill that seat. Vote no. Have you no shame?
My hesitation with #Gorsuch is that he is recommended by a person under investigated by the FBI. Taints all appointments.
Maybe it taints things in the minds of fools and liberals but nobody else. #Gorsuch
I have a uterus, therefore I disagree.
If you want to be elected to this position again, you should seriously reconsider your position and logic.
What?  Chauvinistic.  Church over State.  Really?  We talking about same person?
Doesn't matter, #GorkaMustGo he's illegitimate and I personally rather have a check on the other two branches of government.
You back a nomination by an admin under FBI investigation. Your loyalty is to your corrupt party.
as does Merrick Garland. May I ask whe he never got the benefit of a hearing? @GOP @TheDemocrats Americans want fairness
NO !  Stolen seat. Will be voting you out
#donotconfirmgorsch
Postpone the hearings for SC nominee Gorsuch until theres been a complete investigation of the Trump-Russian scandal!
Ask women and LGBTQ folk if they think he’s universally-respected. Ask people who think corporations aren’t people.
#MerrickGarland has an outstanding record as a fair-minded, independent, and universally-respected judge. #SCOTUS
As one of your constituents and a lawyer,  how about a #TownHall so we can go over his record together?
You know, so did Merrick Garland. But @SenateGOP wouldn't even give him a hearing. #StolenSeat #SCOTUS
But it's Garland you need to be voting on. #stolenseat
but Judge Garland isn't?  You wouldn't even give him a chance.
So does Merrick Garland
We already know you have no scruples.  Don't whitewash what's going on here. We aren't that dumb. Country before party.
Judge #Gorsuch has an atrocious record with regards to the rights of the disabled. #RejectGorsuch #SCOTUS #DisabledRights
he is a #evangelical and will push a religious view that not all share.  #voteno
- and Gorsuch believes women manipulate maternity leave.  How do you reassure half your constituents?
We have learned that your judgment cannot be trusted. Your time as Senator is ticking.
believes right wing fringe ideology not mainstream beliefs Plans to overturn Roe V Wade Ohio voters DO Not want him confirmed
Will he help repeal Citizen's United?  If not, then please do not support him.
unless you are a woman who needs maternity leave. Not a lot of fairness in saying women manipulate maternity leave. #Garland
This Ohian disagrees. VOTE NO.
He was also appointed by a President who is being investigated by the FBI for colluding with Russia, an enemy.
consider the bad news this guy is for the gay community
refuse to even consider Gorsuch until POTUS stops campaign for 2020
No voting on / seating of life time appointments while the White House is under FBI espionage investigation. #Trumprussia
also, #MerrickGarland
NO.
do you even read these responses? Do you even care what your constituents have to say? Gonna go ahead and guess not
please don't help to confirm him. Trump has enough henchmen
- how dare you call this misogynist fair-minded. He's outwardly anti-choice. So disappointed in you as my senator
Doubt it very, very much.
you told us we didn't need nine in 2016. Your party publicly said: if Clinton wins, she doesn't get judges. Pass.
so was Merrick Garland, but that didn't seem to matter to your colleagues
The #RussianIntelhearing gives pause to this man being confirmed. Stop ignoring the signs. You are smarter than this.
Actually, he doesn't. But thanks for letting me know not to waste time calling to convince you otherwise. #OurVoicesMatter
who loves corporations more than actual people.
Well, skip the hearings. Sounds like you've already made up your mind. Wish you had the same attitude last year.
So did Garland. We won't forget.
horsing nominated by trump. In case you haven't heard, criminal investigation started. Vote no
Does he really believe that women manipulate maternity leave?  Very draconian.
OMG, you people are CRAZY!!    #MAGA #YesToGorsuch #Can'tFixStupid
Some of your views and policy decisions sadden me. Your people are more important than party line. #ListenToUs #TownHallNow
So does Judge Garland.
he can have it after Merrick Garland is confirmed....
this is a seat stolen from the Americans who voted for president obama. You guys make up your own rules as you go.
Fair-minded is a stretch. He is anti-abortion, anti-LGBT, and not a supporter of certain civil rights. PLEASE VOTE NO!
You have got to be kidding. Do you read ANYTHING we send you? #constituentsmatter #youworkforus #byebyerob
So does Merrick Garland.
Your judgement so far has been dead wrong for Ohio (DeVos & Pruitt) and wrong for our country. Listen to Ohio! #NoGorsuch
how do you feel about Merrick Garland?  Any regrets on denying him his due? Shameful
So did Judge Garland. Please accord Judge Gorsuch the same level of hearing you gave Judge Garland.
So did Merrick Garland senator.
NO NO NO NO NO Finish Russia investigation first! Come on Rob - please get off this trump wagon
again, no:
Not true. Anti-woman, pro-rich. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
he is not: http://fusion.net/story/384243/neil-gorsuch-college-yearbook/ …
Sounds like a description of Merrick Garland!!!
no
why do you continue to support a candidate who caters to special interests? Oh right, cause you do too. Lostmyvote
actually, Merrick Garland had a record of being fair- minded, & repected independent, #Gorsuch is, like you, a partisan!
I trust you will give him the same consideration you gave Judge Garland and by that I mean no vote until the next election.
#blockGorsuch #stolenseat! If Gorsuch had any ethics, he wouldn't accept a seat YOU stole for partisan gain!!!
how about no? Because you know, Merrick Garland. #howboutdat
Who cares about the occupant of a #stolenseat?
