Support the Russia investigations.  With your voice.  With your office.  Push back against Trump and his people who are calling it a hoax.
Oh wow.  Do you have evidence?  You better call the Special Counsel immediately.  And all the intel agencies.  They'll be so relieved.
Lack of predictability is not workable for insurers. Collapse was deliberate.
They convinced my elderly parents AND Their neighbors to STOP PAYING ACA PREMIUMS!! I JUST FOUND OUT THEY THINK AVA IS GONE! @GOP KILLING
My Parents And GOD KNOWS HOW MANY ELDER CITIZENS. I CANT GET THEM TO BELIEVE THAT I HAVE ACA IT'S REAL @GOP PROPAGANDISTS @FoxNews LAWSUITS
Lawsuits Coming Against these Propaganda Outlets AS WELL AS @SenateGOP @HouseGOP If People Die! @ACLU  This is Out ofControl ppl believe ACA
How about the GOP have some values again?  Vote NO on  healthcare! The pushback, sir, is against Trump and Fox who seem to be in lockstep!
We count on u 2 protect our beloved country & stand up 2 the President who denigrated our country today on foreign soil.
Why don't you work on getting the Russian mole out of the White House if you're so concerned? #impeachalready
We must push back against lying #POTUS who sits in Putin's pocket. Stand up against #treason. #Impeach45
Your words men zero to me. ACT.
He does seem to use lots of words without saying much. Agreed- I still remember DeVos, Pruitt, Mulvaney, Sessions, etc. He could surprise us
Yes...tell your President to do something and quit protecting Putin.  Stand up to trump...#COWARD  #PutinsPuppet
Then impeach trump!
Yes, senator. Pls put pressure on house members to enact the new sanctions, AT LEAST.
Seriously!!!  How is that not a no-brainer?!?!  #suspiciousbehavior
Doesn't look like you have a lot of support. No one is buying it.
Then get rid of their most infamous agent. Hint:  he lives at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
Agreed. You should also do this by pushing back against your President, who seems determined to give Russia a pass on all of their actions.
Agreed.  Please demand that the Trump admin stop trying to investigate us w/ baseless voter fraud and focus on Russia's attack on us.
I agree. Please make sure Americans are protected from foreign attacks.
Here, here senator. Russia is using digital instead of bullets but it is still an act of war. Please defend U.S.
Let's start at the WH or with the NRA. Let's end the propaganda in our own country 1st. If only we knew a lawmaker who could do something...
So you will fight your party's leader and expose whatever crimes were committed?    I hope so. Please love your country more than your party
Does this mean you'll be instigating action within the Senate to investigate Russian meddling in the last election? #RussianCollusion
Trump has been using propaganda and disinfo all year to undermine western values.  Open your eyes Sen Portman.
Don't vote for Trumps a Health Bill. Represent the people of OHIO. NOT trumps rich, fat cat friends. Remember-drain the Swamp.
I know Ohio should not be supplying the WH our personal information from our voting records
Sure has look no further than the President you help elect! No mercy when you cast your lot with Russian sympathizers!
Words are cheap, Senator. Your constituents are asking you to actually follow through. #Hypocrite #IMPEACH45NOW
But Trump doesn't take any of this seriously, and while you and others in your party express concern no one actually DOES anything about it.
The same can be said about FOXNEWS, Infowars, Breitbart, & the Drudge Report. Having a president who does the same thing doesn't help
Ha ha!  But, our govt becomes more socialist by the day
trump is trying to take off the Russian sanctions.. how about you don't let him? since you hate Russia and all.. they attacked us.
Pass the new health care bill now.  Stop the march toward single payer and a 6 trillion dollar entitlement. Your hesitation is ridiculous !
...and against people who cry "fake news" whenever they don't like  something in the press?
Um... let's actually turn this into action rather than just words, starting with the election interference. #ohio #republicans
Start correcting through the oval office. Or is confess worthless as fits on a boar?
#disinfoweek Climate change is true. Women in OH already are having a hard time getting reproductive care-true. gop=disinformation
Russia is the reason for loss of faith in US institutions and media is FALSE
One of our most dear values--caring for the less fortunate. Pls vote NO on ACHA preexisting conditions, cap, Medicaid cuts will kill many.
American spreading lies and propaganda more than Russia since WWII and use those propaganda to kill innocent people and steal their sources
dt has time to pick on Mika B........but Putin is great? never a bad word..U guys better not let him roll back sanctions
@realDonaldTrump i agree. so let's start at the top with donnie & his family. follow the trial, check for the money & kick them out. #resist
Glad to hear. Now back our President against these ruthless Russian probes and get his agenda going. Drain the swamp.
By we, do you mean yourself & all the other do-nothing Republicans?
It's time, Senator.  Lead the call to overthrow the installed US leader.  Be on the right side of history.
@counterchekist Yes do more to sanction Russia and protect our upcoming elections. Please!
Yet...
Trump has reportedly asked his aides to come up with 'deliverables' he can offer to Putin http://read.bi/2sreQSl  
.thanks sen. Portman.
SHHH, don't let Donny hear you say that.
cc: @KarlRove @RepublicanStudy @DispatchAlerts
"Neither...qualified" - Amend. XX
#disinfoweek #nullify2016
Start with your prez rob? We've know this for 9 months.  Aren't you a damn senator with a little more power than the avg joe?
Tell that to your boss: @GOP and @POTUS
Mr. Portman, the White House is fire-hosing us with LIES.
Do you stand for Propaganda? Disinfo? Dishonesty? Misconduct? From our President?
Live up to your word and Fight back against Trump he is Putin's spy.  Otherwise your words mean nothing.  I will be watching your votes
How do you feel about Trump's unwillingness to take *any* action at all to protect the U.S. from Russian interference in our elections?
And now they control the WH. What are you doing about it?
What are you doing to ensure Russia is not manipulating our voters?
Please try to convince the current administration of this.
yyyya think? not quite breaking news
Will you be denouncing the state propaganda network also known as Fox News, too?
We must somehow get our POTUS to begin calling out Putin for his continued meddling.  We also need him to sanction Russia for what they did
Please disavow the President's comments made earlier today - this just keeps the drama and misogyny going - we desperately need leadership
Agreed. Would help if highest seats in our gov weren't pushing the propaganda as truth. How do we educate civilians under these conditions!?
Yes and Trump is using their play book
Gee @senrobportman tell that to @POTUS cause he seems more concerned about what @morningmika looks like Shameful.
Pushback action plan????
The GOP has become the Putin party & are betraying are country we all know it
Tell that to the president, then. He's Putin's best buddy right now.
U swore 2 protect from enemies foreign AND domestic. Trump & co are a threat to our country. Nice words now follow up w/ action! #DoYourJob
Your boy tRump doesn't think so... he is more than happy to just let Russia slip on by. Wonder why?
Agreed, but maybe some in your party need a refresher on the meaning of Western values. New GOP Western values are anti-NATO, anti-democracy
Oh - and VOTE NO ON WEALTHCARE!  We need you to stay strong, with the people, and find a bipartisan fix, not tax breaks for the rich!
You should tell your House members and Tillerson, who both seem pretty eager NOT to push back.  If you don't speak out, THEY WON'T HEAR IT!
Need an INDEPENDENT COMMISSION! House votes against releasing Trump taxes. Blocks commission vote, slow walks sanctions bill.  DO SOMETHING!
May want to pass that on to Congressional Leadership that is moving at snail's pace on this.
What will you do about it?  Anything?  Will you just to go along with trump in every way, or really insist on the Russian investigation?
Damn. Putin called. This tweet caused him to reconsider everything. Good job, Rob! You saved America! 
can you mention this to the White House?  He seems to be in denial.
Yes. So has 45. The use and understanding of logic and facts are quickly diminishing in our own country & yet there you sit. Calm as can be.
And yet your party is trying to defund EAC, which protects our elections. Why?
GOP budget terminates Election Assistance Commission, only federal agency making sure voting machines aren't hacked https://www.thenation.com/article/house-republicans-just-voted-to-eliminate-the-only-federal-agency-that-makes-sure-voting-machines-cant-be-hacked/ … 
why do you pretend to agree with Corporate Democrats and their Russia hysteria?
Have a PUBLIC town hall goddammit so we can talk to you about this & healthcare! You represent us but you don't talk to us. Why is that?!
What about interfering with US elections? Oh & I didn't forget: #NoOnBRCA
Russia got a lot of bang for the buck in 2016 election. Donald Trump is the head of @GOP. .@senrobportman we still need to see 45's taxes.
Thank you Senator for speaking the truth about #Russia. Please follow with strong action. 

We also need your strong NO on Senate healthcare
Does the GOP see how dangerous the game they are playing? Trump opened the back door to the Russians, and you think it's under your control.
Let's show support for journalists.
The leader of your party is using the same tactics. Why won't you speak up?  PS. Vote no on healthcare bill. Please.
Maybe USA should lead that charge by example?
Then stop supporting this joke of a president!
The president of Mexico, former president of Mexico, illegal alien Mexicans interfere in our elections and lobby for policies. Why allowed?
If you could just convince the man Russia elected of that.
You think you could share your concerns with @realDonaldTrump? Thanks a million.
And we must do it with authority. Children need clear guidance.  So do dictators
How about their hacking to control our presidential election as well as that new POTUS himself?
Push back against Russia...how? Is Putin less dangerous than others in Kremlin? Why is he still RU president? Putin=Hitler
Then speak out against Trump.  Not just mealy-mouthed "this is concerning" comments.  The longer you wait, the closer you are tied to him.
True. Now if only you could convince #Trump of #Russia prob. Would be nice if he acknowl. & prepared to safeguard #2018 elections.
Push harder against this disgrace of a president.  You have to know he's complicit in this. We're coming close to losing the republic!
Is the NRA linked in to the Russian propaganda?
you're gonna be so mad when you find out who has been president for the last five months.
Then control your President and do something
Sen. Portman, you are not a tech native. Find a tutor. This is an attack. It is new and ongoing.
Thank you for speaking up.
Your words are meaningless without action
Senator- It would do the US a great service to provide examples, even if they disrupt the GOP narrative.  Democracy is at stake.
Do you hear anyone @realDonaldTrump??
We look for our house and senate to hold tRUmp accountable. Our constitution and democracy are at stake. Drop party, protect country. 
Perhaps, sir, you should begin by pushing back against the Russian asset sitting in the WH Oval.
How about pushing back WEALTHCARE!
Your @POTUS let them in the WH. Tell me how you pushed back Senator?
First we need a CIC who recognizes & addresses the attack that happened.  He is failing his oath of office.
Reported added money for drug abuse laudable but utterly insufficient. Tens of millions will still lose healthcare coverage. No!
OMG relevant and something truly bipartisan, Way to go! Let's get back to this #healthcare disaster and why you won't meet with us about it
So you worry about it now that we know. Didn't seem to bother you during the election. So what are you going to do about it? Take action!
Well now they have some help. Don't they?
Everyone watching for this opioid trick (switch-er-roo) of McConnell's.   Don't sell out hundreds of thousands of Ohioans. All watching
This is nothing new. It only became a problem when they elected a president. What should we do about that?
Just like the President right
Yes! And yes, we do! You can start by standing up to the #lies and #disinfo coming from the White House. Put country before party!
Bull crap so did Obama fight this bull lol
How about just pointing it out when it happens but otherwise focusing on real problems- immigration, ISIS, infrastructure, tax reform....
Vote yes on healthcare bill
If this is such a big problem then why did McConnell block efforts to make election hacking public in 2016? Disinfo was good for GOP?
What abt the disinfo/propaganda coming f/the White House? Shouldnt we push back against that aggression too? #standuptothebully #disinfoweek
Improving US education is key. We need to better evaluate potentially false claims, whether they come from Russia or our own president.

WOW. 

WH promises they can pass health care repeal b/c they can "bribe" Senators to vote yes…
The hacking is really passed undermining, it's killing democracy whose people btw are going to be totally uninsured.
but we have not had an administration who have met with Russian officials including addressing sanction policy
What about the White House disinformation? Seriously damaging to US to claim "alternative facts/fake news." T =treason
This is where more use of Voice of America can help on radio & via the Internet. by informing Russians of Putin's misbehaviour.  It can ...2
...2 also be used to counter Russian Propaganda in Europe; especially for those countries bordering on Russia.
The push back begins with you. What are you doing? Russia must be dealt with instead of praised by POTUS.
An entire political party in the US has been spreading disinfo for decades. It broke down critical thinking.
Stuff like supply-side economics is just as much BS as Russia's propaganda about Ukraine or Syria.
So unless you plan to do something about both, we can dismiss you as a huckster.
Stop doing whatever the corrupt executive branch wants! Remember, Russia wanted 45 in power. And you've been enabling him!
$ for opioid treatment does nothing for BCRA's higher premiums and less coverage. NOT ENOUGH.
Can u explain to 45? Has no concept, in denial, not doing anything to stop/punish Russia.
Then publicly call out the occupant of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue for his continued denials and obfuscations.
"Push back against Russian aggression" MUST first begin in the White House!
Maybe talk to the ol' Prez about this. #FreePress
The Republicon Propaganda Machine like Fox, right wing hate radio, cesspool of websites like Breitbart has been dividing America for 20 yrs.
Where do you stand on investigating the trump Administration, Senator? We'd love to know.
Agreed, thank you. We must also push back against Trump's use of #disinfo & attacks on free press &American values of fair discourse.
Have you seen the new NRA recruiting video? That is scary stuff.
It is despicable propaganda. @senrobportman please watch the video. It incites violence and comes close to encouraging civil war.
Then be a patriot and do something

As @selectedwisdom testified, the elephant in the room is that DT used active measures.  So I hope you look at this as a patriot (not GOP).

Agreed. But Trump's Administration is doing the same thing by labeling whatever news they dislike as 'fake news'.
Keep it up! But try calling out Trump explicitly next time. Your independence and leadership are needed.
You forgot #Gaslighting, You forgot CLASS warfare! they're hard.
Russian Aggression? White working class opiate users? Homeless vets? SAFE!
Not by supporting Trumpbannon. They love Russia. SAD!!!
Yes! There needs to be an independent investigation into #Russian interference in our election. #Congress must act.
Tell that to the POTUS. I'm sure you have his number.
IDK what "push back" means.  There must be full disclosure, counter measures and sanctions.  If this is what you mean. Be specific please.
How do you know the Russians are doing this??  Please exhibit the evidence.
All 17 intelligence agencies have said so. Much info is out there, probably more is classified. Your refusal to believe doesn't negate it.
Heard you bumped heads with McConnell. As a reward I won't call you today. But tomorrow it's business as usual.
You mean like they've done here and attempted in Europe to influence elections?  Because destabilizing US and EU works to their advantage?
Agreed. Now back to healthcare. Affordable healthcare = economic freedom, support for ppl to take economic risk in staring a new business
Yes, Russia is a menace.  But don't forget to vote NO on Deathcare.
How about the Ohio Voters push back on your re-election?
Hey, talk to your president! Not my president.
Then STOP supporting trump...
Obama took some action, was blocked from more by McConnell who refused to make it public in bipartisan way. Party over country is GOP way.
Trump is president now, he has seen the classified info and yet publicly denies. Has taken no action, wants to reverse action Obama took.
He said after the fact.
Good.  Let's start by investigating Russian interference in the election and punish anyone who colluded with them.
The  'leader' of your party, @realDonaldTrump,  doesn't seem to think so. So there's that.
Let's push back on our MSM First who have been caught outright Slandering the President of the United States with Propaganda
We sure are @realDonaldTrump is @POTUS and the MSM has been exposed for its blatant lies 
https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/880119854321348612 …
@senrobportman  you need to make the President understand this. You have a valid point.
Yes, we do. TY, Senator for your brave stance on health care. Let's work together for all. Proud of you.
Brave would have been criticizing it before it was pulled. Brave would have been working with Dems last few yrs to fix ACA, not obstruction.
@senrobportman, are you saying that you believe the Russians interfered with our election? And do other GOP share this belief?
Thank you for that important work, also remember HC for vets! NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
Why do you support kicking 22 million Americans off their health insurance to fund a $569 billion giveaway to the ultra rich?
CNN proved that they were making the Russian issue up.
Will appreciate your conveying this view to the President.
Who is 'Russia' - Putin or independent hackers?
Pretty clear he's talking about Russia the country, Bill.
Not good enough. Russia = Putin or covert and perhaps independent forces within Russia? No evidence of either yet.
Is this the moment w/R leadership finally starts to distance itself from Trump and Russia?
By impeaching their stooge? Also, vote no on the healthcare bill.
