It’s going to cost jobs. They are investing in automation. Factories are still going to move south. Detail the tax idea & what I’ll LOSE!
Please and please again stop with the extremely unfair tax reform ... VOTE NO and start thinking about the majority of your Ohio residents
"Unfair"?! What's unfair is that you leftists want to steal money from successful Americans.
Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies, Lies https://nyti.ms/2z8hWyr  @paulkrugman
Great place to share your ideas FAUX News. Like who is going to believe you. Try a different network where you get asked real questions
How much more $ in my pocket if I make $9 an hr/40hr wk? $5K? $10k? Tell real $$$ amounts for individual&fam. Are you hoodwinking us?
1). Fox News is propaganda, and 2) we are afraid your idea of reform will turn US into Kansas.
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/ex-dea-agent-opioid-crisis-fueled-by-drug-industry-and-congress/ … #Complicit #Hypocrite
Before you tell how tax cuts solve all problems please ask citizens of Kansas how cuts worked out for them. #VoodooEconomics #GOPLies
I don't watch Fox news. Impeach Trump.
Tune into John Kasich - Listen to YOUR Governor! Advice: No one with common sense watches @FoxNews
Just one word for you: Kansas.
Fake news
Tell us how trickledown worked so well in the past. More tax breaks for billionaires isn't helping avg Americans.
Can you find out why the deadline to enact sanctions on Russia was ignored by the White House?
You do remember what happened the last time we tried this kind of reform, right.? You just want a recession to go with the disaster?
Ur sound bites are worthless. Economists agree wealthy tax cuts on backs of middle-class  are unfair & will cause a recession. #taxreform
What happened in #kansas ? How did enacting massive "tax reform" aka tax CUTS for the wealthy and corps work out for them?
#foxnews is #FakeNews.
Did @NRA Buy your Common Sense on #GunControl ?
Here are 58 Reasons to Reconsider Protecting 
#LasVegasShooting
Things Portman likes:
1. Lying 
2. Big donors
3. Doing what big donors ask

Things Portman doesn't like:
1. Reality
2. Truth
3. Middle class
I'm sure Fox will ask you hard questions.
There is no evidence for those claims and abundant evidence against. We call that ‘lying.’
You should be more concerned about what you're letting the president do to healthcare!!!  This is despicable and your voters Will remember!!
Don’t forget gun control and preventing mass shootings!
Why do you only do interviews on fox?
Afraid of real journalists. All this billionaire cash grab will do is increase the national debt which is too high now.
@senrobportman it is telling that this tweet has only 12 likes but 100 comments. Rethink what you think your constituents want.
His constituents want tax cuts.
Say what Rob???
That is an absolute lie. Give me a break.
Please appear on a reputable network, not the Rumors and Speculations network.  The I'll time in.
FOX NEWS!  That’s where you go? You know how one-sided they are. Talk about fake news.
Vote no on tax reform
No thanks, heard you lie enough on that issue.....
Seeing we lost jobs for the 1st time in 7 years under GOP Fed govt, you might want to see what real economists are saying about #TaxReform
People need to see the documentary "we're not broke" free on youtube, and also streaming on netflix
I don’t trust Fox News. Don’t watch it.
You mean propaganda news @1pm
Sorry, I’m not into propaganda and lies. You’re speaking to choir on Fox. Try a town hall if you want to change minds. #coward #goptool
Vote for it and I vote for your opponent. Slow learner?  Trickle down doesn’t work.
Don't buy into it!
Lying on national TV! You make Ohio proud!
Rob: What IS GOP endgame? By now you MUST know how HARSHLY history will b to your party 4 enabling a Dangerous Autocrat.  #VoteGOP-Out2018
You do love preaching to the choir don't you Rob? How about a real healthy discussion with people who maybe don't agree? Any chance Rob?
Why won’t Trump release his tax returns? What’s he hiding?
Bet a lot of people who watch fox disagree.  Columbus town hall? 43221
Sorry! Will not watch FoxNews.
Lies
Please explain to the viewers how repealing the Estate Tax will create jobs and boost wages. You know, the tax for estates over $11 million.
Trickle down doesn’t.
We been through this before. No new jobs will be created nor wages go higher. Just another way you have failed Ohio
Everything @FoxNews says is a lie. Appearing on foxnews means that everything you say is a lie.
#fauxnews is evil
If this idea is so great, why will you only push it on Fox? I'd like to know how eliminating the estate tax creates jibs. Fox won't ask...
Tax cuts for the rich and your corporate donors is not #taxreform, no matter how many times you use the hashtag, Rob.
Tax cuts for middle class maybe but tax cuts for the super rich don't work. Bush Sr raised taxes & Clinton reduced spending - great economy
Why would you choose FOX News to share this news? Everyone I know have labeled it THE FAKE NEWS station! That is poor communication!
It will not. It will make the rich richer, the poor poorer. Trickle-down has never worked,
And of course it gives you 1%ers tax breaks while the mid class & lower class scrapes by. There's no tax break. 4 us you should be ashamed 
#TrumpTaxScam. We're not dumb, Rob.
Fox News??? Could you not get anyone with integrity to talk up your tax place?  Guess that says something.
No thanks. Tried Fox News and don’t find it credible.
Seriously. #FakeNews
You'd think it would have trickled down by now, right? Y'all been selling this lie for 30 years

Wherein Rob will recite the Grabbers O'Pussy lies on trickle-down, and how it will finally work this time. Trust him, the trickle's coming!


Why don't I believe you?
I will never ever watch you on Fox News unless you are announcing your resignation. And probably not even then.
STFU
What are you going to do about gun violence in this country. Stop the silence.
Just make sure you don't lie about how trickle down economics works because evidence is NOT there.
#25amendment #TrumpIsAMoron #PortmanIsHisAccomplice
Sorry I missed it but you should've been discussing how we have a White supremacist sexual predator for a president.
How about you get off Fox, and get on a newscast that will actually ask you tough questions

It won't.  Short discussion.
How does it work? If wages climb won't capitalists seek to lower manufacturing costs using foreign labor and or robotics sooner? I would.
Tell me about ONE TIME when a Republican Tax Plan resulted to a boost in wages.
Oh, darn, missed it. (Because I refuse to watch Faux News.) Wondering what holds the top 1% accountable for creating jobs & boosting wages?
Will you also be discussing how you sleep at night as a conman and a liar?
Just stop. We all know trickle down doesn't work. What's taking you so long to get it? Why do your donors mean more than your constituents?
#FoxNews = #Propaganda
The GOP tax plan is a shell game that benefits their rich donors way more than average Americans and it blows up the budget. #badforAmerica
No more trickle down. The great economic thinkers of the  agree that it's a lie. Stop lying to Ohio. #resist #impeach
Hahahah.  Newsflash:  it won't.  Because it never does.
Sorry I missed it! I always enjoy spending a Sunday afternoon being fed lies.
How about discussing- lies coming from the WH-Americans dying in Puerto Rico @POTUS dictatorship
Watch me not talk to the people who elected me into office. Now, you will be out of that office.
Ask Kansas how well that worked out for them.
That didn't work when Reagan did it in 1986. Why are you falling for it again?
@senrobportman knows.  He's just hoping we won't remember "voodoo economics".
10 Republican lies about #taxreform #NotOnePenny
The problem with that is that I have to watch @FoxNews
Correction: the problem with that is that I have to buy cable TV
LIAR!  Discuss this on a network where hard questions will be asked. What are you afraid of? Your #TaxReform will help the wealthy.
You will lose because the jobs are not coming. Chip, trumpcare, taxreform for the people not the wealthy.
Gutting Medicare to give tax cuts to billionaires won’t boost wages or create jobs.
Still spreading lies .You've been trying to do this since Reagan.  Doesn't work. Money in the hands of poor & middle class works
@senrobportman we do not allow sexism or racism in this house. Fox News is blocked on our tvs.
He wants that sweet sweet Koch money.
How about getting healthcare and CHIP fixed.  That should be first and foremost.
You’re kidding right. What are you going to tell us Keynes, Smith, Friedman and Marx haven’t already said.
What's wrong with you?
I did:  Same old-Tax cuts to rich will magically create jobs. Small biz will get lower rates: but SMALL biz already have low rates.

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
oh boy...  are you still peddling that trickle down myth.  RECESSION.  RECESSION RECESSION.  Talk to people in Kansas!!
Meet with your constituents in town halls! Or are you afraid that we are not being fooled by the trickle-down snake oil you are selling?
You lost me at Fox "news"
I would rather watch the truly horrible Browns but thanks for the invite.
Short talk.Tune in quickly. "It won't. It is a handout to our base.Same lie we have been telling for years, but they still buy it."
Constituent 44074 Where in the tax reform does it require businesses to use tax breaks to create jobs & increase wages?
Exactly!  Unless it's mandated that businesses must do certain things with their new found $$$, they'll give it to CEO bonuses/ shareholders
Why on earth would I want to do that I mean does it ever get old for you lying to the American people and the people of Ohio ?
Not tuning in to FNN aka Fake News Network. Do better than this.
It. Won’t. Work. #trickledown2point0
glad to see your moving away from the tax cut nonsense and back to tax reform
Why didn't Congress fix ACA?
What metrics will we use to measure validity of these claims once "tax reform" is enacted? Surely y'all won't mind being held accountable.
Always trying to scare about the “deficit” by cutting social security etc but never worry about cutting revenue from rich and corps 
Appear on an actual news network. Maybe I’ll tune in. Waiting.
I despise Fox News!
Support the Dreamers Act
Someone call myth busters or at least the CBO.
Note to Mr. Portman’s Twitter-bot intern: please ask the boss if he saw our governor on MTP? Real example of care/concern 4 ALL people of OH
How about denouncing our divider in chief. Stop Trump from dividing our country. Here’s your chance to have the balls to stand up to him!!!
what a whopper. No Republican tax plan has ever paid for itself much less (cont) http://tl.gd/no6ng3 
So, you will be lying.
But will there be any truth to it? You guys aren't known for honesty, integrity, or humanity. It's hard to be optimistic.
GOP #taxreform in Ohio: rich get richer, jobs don't materialize, school ranking plummets:
Is this an order? Mandatory viewing of state-run TV?
