Have you read his record on special ed cases? Might want to... we said no to @BetsyDeVosED but you didn't listen. #NoGorsuch
SCOTUS also slapped a #Gorsuch decision down this week. #itsasign #NoOnGorsuch #NotWhatWeWant
That really was a huge victory for our kids. Finally!!
Gorsuch is dodging questions that require answers! Shouldn't a nominee named by POTUS under investigation be rejected?
we were told that people would choose through election, no confirmation until we know that the people chose instead of Russia
there is no evidence of Russia.  Use your brain.
i'm using my brain, eyes, & ears. There is an ongoing investigation with enough evidence to continue on.
Of course we don't want to presume anything, but the investigation must be completed before any declarations...
of innocence or guilt can be fully made. If no collusion then confirm Gorsuch, if collusion found, impeachment.
#democrats are good at making up claims and having no evidence to support it.  I.E. Russia.
should post pone the hearings until Garland gets a vote.
You believed Pruitt too. Don't you learn? #weobject #NoOnGorsuch #constituentsmatter #gullibleorjuststupid
No @senrobportman
Sadly one can tell from past #Gorsuch decisions that he doesn't understand constitutional separation beween Church & State
Please explain.
example per @WSJ Wall Street Journal
Surely judges are not responsible for lawmakers failing to write what they intend.
When a company fired a truck driver for abandoning trailer to avoid freezing to death, Gorsuch sided w/the company, not the worker.
The law said the driver was protected if he refused to operate his vehicle.  That is not what happened in this case.
Vote yes for Gorsuch!
Sir, I strongly disagree. #Gorsuch is a "loyalist" named by The Heritage Foundation which backs wealthy  citizens over poor.
Overturning Roe will cause an increase in child abuse. That's not making America great again.
how so? Based on what evidence? Is this like how DeVos was qualified for education?
. @senrobportman  Why vote away my constitutional privacy? We deserve a Senator on OUR side!! #holdatownhall
List of 50 senators who just voted to let ISPs sell your private data to marketers without your permission. #Tech 
any supreme court nominee from a president under FBI investigation should be put on hold till investigation over
Two words....Merrick Garland.
You are in the wrong side of history, sir. Please reconsider.
Shame on you. Merrick Garland would have been good, too, but you put politics first. I am so ashamed of Congress!
And you violated the constitution by preventing the last nominees hearing. You are unfit and can't be trusted. DO YOUR JOB
Really? And Merrick Garland wasn't? You are a partisan hypocrite.
One of his rulings just overturned by SCOTUS. Please explain your reasoning. You can't just say you believe it. WHY do you?
u won't vet SC candidate under "lame duck" prez but will vet one nominated by prez being investigated for collusion w Russia?
he's a line jumper at this point.
I disagree.  Do you listen to your constituents?
your judgement hasn't been the best with regards to this administration.  @realDonaldTrump is a disgrace.
Why would he start doing that now?
He has already demonstrated he does not think handicapped children should be educated according to their ability.  VOTE NO!
Is this the same #Gorsuch that was selected by #PresidentBannon? The #PresidentBannon that ran the hate site @BreitbartNews?
MERRICK GARLAND was a fine, moderate choice. NO SCOTUS PICKS TILL FBI INVESTIGATION IS DONE.
One of his decisions was overturned DURING the hearing by SCOTUS - UNANIMOUSLY - regarding school services & autism.
As a parent of a child with autism, I'm appalled!  So much for protecting rights!
Once again, you are blindly supporting an unfit nominee. As a constituent, I urge you to oppose #Gorsuch. 45069
What about your UNFAIR and PARTIAL handling of Judge Garland #hypocrite protecting the rights of @GOP
of course you do. It's expected. Your a good little tin soldier
No you don't. No he won't.
I wonder how much money Gorsuch had to pay to buy Portman?
there should be NO vote on SCOTUS while trump is being investigated!  Don't be a hypocrite! #GrowSomeBalls
WRONG! He thinks it's ok to fire a truckdrvr who was FREEZING TO DEATH! NO GORSUCH! No vote while trump is being investigated
Election Day can't come soon enough! You've made your bed.....
Remember what you said about DeVos & now public schools,will be destroyed Vote wiser #protectAmericans @oh3voters @OHDems
your anti constituent actions is only over shadowed by your president's mendacity
that's not entirely true. Country over party, Rob.
all 8 members of the Supreme Court seem to disagree with you, as they overturned an egregious ruling of his that harms disabled kids
I urge u 2 wait until an Independent investigation of Russian meddling in our election before any confirmation. #Trumprussia
This is why we can't wait to replace you. Your beliefs don't match your constituents and you continue to flaunt that
seems like you made a decision pretty quickly, which means it was pure partisan politics that held up #GarlandNotGorsuch
funnily enough, I think he'd be happy to bring us back to the values of 1700. Women, POC property; rich w all the power. Yep.
Aren't u the guy who took $51k from a crazy nut job then said she could be in charge of schools? I dont think u shld trust ur own judgement.
So long as the president is under FBI investigation, none of his nominations should go forward.
U like a judge who ruled against a trucker whose trailer brakes froze, so drove his truck so he cld get warm & stay ALIVE? 1)
2) Thought all u Repubs were pro-life? Or is that only when they're still in utero?
listen to your constituents. Ohio says NO! NO! NO! NO!
based on  his history he does not appear to be a friend of the LGBTQ community. That's a problem to me and the people I love.
Because . . .?
Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garla
is that the same belief you had in Davos at Education and Pruitt at the EPA?
but Garland gets a vote first, right?
No - not the time. INSANE! HOW DO YOU NOT REALIZE THERE ARE MUCH BIGGER ISSUES AT THE MOMENT IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA?
http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/22/politics/house-health-care-bill/index.html?adkey=bn …
You seriously have to be kidding...? Devin Nunes reports that Trump name may appear in surveillance reports by U.S. intel...
THIS IS DURING THE Obama ADMIN & U don't even respond?   before party but you're a  - you need to pull Ur head out!
No vote on Gorsuch until Trump is cleared of Russia connections. A possible convict shouldn't have a SCOTUS pick.
rights for corporations and not people? Makes sense.
protect the rights of corporations, that is.
Is there anyone left in Washington with morals?
.@senrobportman So, we're wondering about your vote on healthcare tomorrow. Sure hope you're not compelled to go with the first plan.
ohio does not think so.... vote no on #GorsuchHearing
Your going to vote for him like Pruitt. Then your are going to complain about rulings. Here's an idea, vote no now,no regrets
vote NO!
Please do not support a candidate who was nominated by POTUS under investigation by FBI.
.@senrobportman no vote while president is under investigation.
Do you believe he stands for the rights of your son and other like him? @senrobportman I sure hope this is more than party loyalty.
unless you're a woman or a child with disabilities. You're intent on riding the Trump train until it derails, aren't you?
you will do whatever the party says. We know better than to think you even looked at his record. #sellout #NoGorsuch #jackass
Merrick Garland couldn't get hearing b/c Obama was "lame duck"? It's inexcusable to vet nominee from prez under investigation
as one of your constituents I disagree. He has a history to the contrary.
have you ever considered a career in stand up after we vote you out?
I got a good chuckle out of this. Thanks @btdill
with all respect, u also thought Scott Pruitt would protect our air and water. He'll do no such thing. @EPA
Unless of course your life is on the line and some cars need to be delivered.  BTW, #SCOTUS just disagreed with you big time.
No vote on SCOTUS until FBI investigation complete
Tell @SenSherrodBrown that. Would be nice if he would show good faith in his lip service to bi-partisan unity and vote yes.
not according to 68,000,000 Americans! I guess you lied about supporting whoever America chose!
No new SCOTUS justices until a Democrat is President. You stole the seat!
#stolenseat #BlockGorsuch You are a partisan thief!!
Any ethical jurist would refuse Garland's seat!!
if approved, he will be the anchor of the new illegitimate SCOTUS because you stole the seat from Garland!
by 2020 Trump will be at 28%, impeached or in jail and your 34% majority will be worth as much as your Gorsuch tweet
U may have said the same if u'd given #MerrickGarland respect of meeting! Seems Gorsuch isnt great!
a vote on #Gorsuch  should be postponed until the FBI investigation of your president @realDonaldTrump has been completed.
as usual we hear vastly different things from nominees. Disappointed you are not viewing impactful position more critically.
this will be another bad decision on your part. You will not listen to your constituents.A stolen seat on the high court #sad
.@senrobportman We need a complete shutdown of this nomination until we can figure out what the heck is going on with Trump-Russia!
what is it about his record that makes you think that?
I did not get that sense from his answers this week. Is he only sharing in private?
How can you support him?  He has demonstrated that he clearly sees that some people are "more equal" than others!
I'll give you this, Rob. You can always find a reason for your unquestioning support of party line. Cowardly but creative.
And I guess you are fine with M. Garland never getting a vote, despite the advise and consent rule.
Rights like those of corporations protected in Citizens United? Because that's his philosophy.
And in any dispute, will ALWAYS side with corporations. As a retired management consultant, I think that is trouble.
like Pruitt is protecting our Great Lakes?  Yeah, your credibility is lacking....
of course you do. You never really consider Ohioans at all do you? Can't wait to vote you out.
Not the impression I'm getting. Less qualified than Merrick Garland and will further disenfranchise vulnerable populations.
No. No, he won't. He does not have a record of seeing women as equal. We are watching. We will #resist.
Ruling on frozen trucker was heartless! Should not be appointed while 45 is under investigation by the FBI. No to Gorsuch.
No SCOTUS confirmation while the president is under FBI investigation.  This is too important to rush through.
I can't hear you; did you say you wanted to confirm Merrick Garland? Because you failed at your job then too. #SCOTUS
only if he supports repeal of Citizens United. 44060
That seat belongs to Merrick Garland, and anyone who would accept it doesn’t have the integrity which the position requires.
#Garland is someone who I believe will fairly & impartially apply the law & protect the rights guaranteed by the Constitution
#SCOTUS nominee is no exception. Portman is just a kinder facist. He has support DT since the beginning.
Everything Portman has supported since the transition of power, has been against people with disabilities. Everything!
.@senrobportman #GorsuchCanWaitInvestigate 45s ties to Russia
Maybe we need to speak in russian for you to listen? No SCOTUS pick for Trump any of the criminals being investigated.
no
maybe a public apology from republican senators for blocking Garland would help.
I can't get over how out of touch you are! Gorsuch is a snake! #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch
He can't answer hard questions! This man hates women! Favors corporations over people. Your judgment is TERRIBLE #NoGorsuch
Maybe if you're a corporation. Not if you're an average working person!
NOT SO MUCH
Lemming
Fairly? There's no such thing as fair. He most certainly does not rule without bias. His views are biased by his beliefs.
I do not understand how you can support this candidate when so many other people in the Cabinet have conflicts of interests.
if @POTUS is under investigation you should postpone #vote on #gorsuch Donald's words!
NO. NO. NO. If this were true the right wing billionaire would not have hand picked him. Not good for women or minorities. NO
Fairly? Ask Alphonse Maddin how fair #Gorsuch is.
Are you living in a parallel universe, Senator? Cuz that's not what I am seeing.  Ohio deserves better than you.
And the fact he was nominated by a Putin puppet with the ethics and morals of a sewer rat is immaterial, huh?
How is it even possible for a President who is under FBI investigation be able to put Gorsuch forward as a nominee?
time to stop pretending you are making any actual decisions. We all know you're just doing as GOP says.
judge Gorsuch believes a man should've given his life to protect corporate property. Poor judgement. His and yours.
What rights would that be? right to vote,right to marry one of your choosing,control over ones own body?
because you are blinded by Party.  Take the blinders off!  You, too, @Jim_Jordan @RepMikeTurner @senategop @HouseGOP
And just how do you know that? I have seen very few definitive answers, lots of regurgitating of the law. Not convinced.
but he's too much a legacy for Trump who will be impeached.
Too extreme.  Not surprised you're backing him.
I too, am on the fence. I can't seem to get past your lip service re: Great Lakes/heroin crisis and conflicting votes.
awesome question. Please respond!
The "unless you're female" is implied in your statement, right?
yeah he will side with big business and let guys freeze to death in their trucks - sounds right to me - business over people
exactly why @senrobportman likes him. He liked DeVos who cares not about children and Pruitt who cares not for the environment
even if true, he was nominated by an illegitimate president whose campaign is tainted in evidence if treasonous behavior!
you are wrong. His bias is too far to the right. Corporations and rich and religious right conservatives will benefit greatly
Gorsuch is an incompetent, unqualified, bought and paid for stooge who has terrible judgement. He has no business on a bench.
Senator, have you been listening to any of the hearings? You must be hearing a different judge than I am.
I'm on the fence about #Gorsuch but glad to see you tweet about something relevant for a change
