Im an indep. licensed social worker in Ohio. We need the Affordable Care Act and its provisions to continue to treat ppl!
addiction and mental services will be less accessible if the ACA is repealed.  Please act on behalf of your constituents!
The opioid crisis/addiction is hurting Ohio families...if you are for the ppl and tx, healthcare needs to be provided to all!
Yet your new #AHCA  does nothing for it. I don't understand your logic here, unless you're choosing party over country again.
And cancer patients can go to the ER for treatment?
TrumpCare isn't going 2 help, as block grants for Medicaid will end up making OH kick people off the rolls to stay on budget
are you going to stand up for Ohio? My patience is wearing thin son
Yep, and the GOP has terrific solutions; take away substance abuse coverage and leaving 24 million uninsured. Brilliant!
If this is true then you need to oppose #Trumpcare as it will hurt so many in Ohio.
Then your work starts with NOT supporting Trumpcare. Mental health benefits are vital for recovering addicts.
mental health care is VITAL to anyone who needs their meds and services. What do u say about that @senrobportman
then don't vote for the AHCA
.@senrobportman And yet #TrumpCare rolls back Medicaid expansion and removes mandated coverage of addiction & mental illness. Cruel!
#ACA
Then fight for mental health and addiction services in AHCA!
Just don't touch my Medicare...that would be a low blow.
#tytlive @JordanChariton You guys gave this toe-tapper an interview without asking him why he doesnt vote the way he talks.
#Trumpcare would not require mental health and addiction services as part of coverage. It will hurt people fighting addiction
Then keep matching Medicaid, Medicaid expansion  (forever), say no to Medicaid block grants.
#trumpcare would not support people with addiction. Please oppose #trumpcare if you truly care about the drug problem in Ohio
Agree, I live in Athens OH, but do not let Nancy destroy Ohio like she did CA when we lived out their.
stand against Trumpcare and protect mental health and addiction services.
I think #trumpcare will really hurt all the work you are doing here
#tytlive So maybe you could do a bit more research and Turk it proper this time.
yes. Please hold strong against the #AHCA !  It doesn't do enough to protect the most vulnerable. #ProtectOurCare
Please don't let congress decimate Medicaid. My life (and many others) depends on it. This is not an exaggeration
But not special needs kids? IDEA protects them,yet you supported DeVos. When are you coming to CLV to justify yourself?
the health care bill.. no addiction coverage... HOW WILL YOU VOTE
do not vote to defund planned parenthood!!
Then please show leadership in the Senate and reject the exclusion of these vital, basic benefits in #Trumpcare
I hope you see the new ACA replacement plan does not include addiction issues!!!  SAY NO!
addiction, mental health these r real issues that touch ur constituents lives. The time to talk is over. Actions speak louder
If you truly care, that's awesome. But you're in the wrong party.
So why are you cutting addiction and treatment in #Trumpcare ?
You operate with your head in the sand. Your job is on the line my dear. Get it together or, 'you're fired'
agreed! be sure this is covered for those most vulnerable in the next healthcare act!
Please say NO to Trumpcare then! It does not protect the vulnerable or the working & middle classes!

Read this thread https://twitter.com/steventdennis/status/840174042736934913 …
Forget them Rob. Bannon wants them dead! And you keep agreeing with their bills.

Reality check.  GOP now trust a murderous dictator, a compromised sexual deviant-in-chief and an accused rapist over their own country.
so you're good with this?
In a major shift, the White House is privately backing a plan to roll back Medicaid expansion sooner http://cnn.it/2nbWV0D  
but it won't be covered under trump-ryancare.
agreed, however, the deep cuts in mental  health care coverage predicted in Ryan care do not bode well for opiate addicts
Agree. So don't cut healthcare w #GOPHealthcare It kills mental healthcare & addiction coverage #ActionsNotWords
#trumpcare will kill addicts
Under Trumpcare© If you like your addiction you can keep your addiction! #Impeach45
you care about the most vulnerable? then can you guarantee that you'll stand against #TrumpCare & guarantee coverage for all?
Appreciate your efforts.Seeing pics of confiscated drugs in SW OH, we need stronger border control and law enforcement.
republicare = more addicts
So therefore let's try not to reduce funding to substance abuse programs. That would be counter-productive!!!
while your family has the best healthcare taxes can buy, my children pay their share and depend on #ACA
.... and we all like rainbows and puppy dogs. Will you take a stand on anything?
how about those people who are NOT addicted to drugs but suffer w/ health issues?  If you met with us, you'd know what that
please include others without addiction into your concern for people with medical problems? Cancer patients need the #ACA.
what about this bill? Where do you stand on discrimination based on genetics? https://twitter.com/puppymnkey/status/840226335188504576 …
feckless.
No on #Trumpcare
how about those suffering from having you as a Senator - you that backed Pruitt, DeVos, Putin Puppet 45, Sessions...
And your @POTUS was granted trademarks for massage parlors in China so there goes your other pet project - human trafficking
Great point Kristin!!!!
yea, which is going to be eliminated due to the GOP idea of health care. Your pet projects will wither & die under GOP
then you are going to vote to keep and tweak ACA and vote no on the Trillion $ tax cut for the 0.1% named AHCA?
by cutting addiction treatment funds? Because that's what the GOP ahca does.
This is inconsistent with the positions on ACA that you support. Nothing in any GOP plan will help anyone who needs it.
you are so fake
The AHCA hurts the most vulnerable among us, including those needing mental health and addiction services. Please oppose.
https://twitter.com/RepJoeKennedy/status/839625760575008768 …
 #Trumpcare = no care @senrobportman #addiction #PayMoreForLess
Watch GOP lawyers admit that repeal plan will cut off coverage to millions  suffering from mental illness & addiction. #ProtectOurCare #ACA 
I now think you don't truly believe that, because #Trumpcare would greatly hurt those suffering addictions.
then don't sign off on this HORRIBLE TrumpCare bill! No mental health or addiction coverage - nothing "elective"
Really? The most vulnerable GOP policies leading the most vulnerable to more suffering please

Watch GOP lawyers admit that repeal plan will cut off coverage to millions  suffering from mental illness & addiction. #ProtectOurCare #ACA 
