Your constituents overwhelmingly ask you to vote no on ACA repeal. Why don't you listen?!
Uh no they don't
Look st the responses, surveys, polls, etc & you'll see they do.
Are those the same polls that said that he would loose by the biggest margin ever. I think so.  
*lose And why are you so spiteful? We're fighting for our parents' & kids' lives. You must have a miserable life to condemn others to no hc.
For those who can't. And should
Every major medical & healthcare group is against repeal bc costs will rise, care will suffer, and services will decrease. 1/

We also must address climate change. That won't happen with gov't held hostage by science deniers and coal industry lobbyists. You know.
Climate change is normal. Not man made. Duh
So far, this tweet has received 222 replies. 220 of them are begging you to vote no tomorrow.
Vote no on repealing the ACA
Is your policy free
When the #potus tweets replies are almost all negative. Don't be confused on your replies. He took 2500 out of 3000 counties. Repeal.
You better be
Vote no on the secret health care bill. Work with Dems to make ACA better.
Yet another vague Portman tweet that says absolutely nothing, while he waits to see if letting people die will help or hinder his career.
 glad to see someone else sick of his "concerns" too. Time to man up Rob!
So, so, so sick of his mealy-mouthed 'concerns'. Arghh.
Yes, I'm sure taking away healthcare from MILLIONS will do wonders to combat the opioid problem. How dumb do you think we are?
Despite lies from Trump, experts agree that there is no risk of it collapsing unless the Trump Administration actively sabotages it.
No idea of bill contents
No CBO score
No public hearings
No input frm stakeholders
Likely 22M+ lose HC
Why rush?
#VoteNoOnMTP
You're such a liar, Rob. This is your last term
Ohio needs #Medicaid
Vote no.  Learn to work for your constituents.  We cannot afford the repeal of the ACA.  Modify, don't deny!
YOU DO NOT ADDRESS THE OPIOID CRISIS WHEN U IGNORE PUBLIC HEALTH EXPERTS & ELIMINATE HEALTH CARE COVERAGE FOR THOSE MOST VULNERABLE TO IT
#SwampSlime
The health insurance market created by the ACA is healthy and stable, even with seven years’ worth of Republican efforts to undermine it
Yes!!!! Vote for Ohioans!! VOTE NO on the ACA repeal and let's move forward!! #KillTheBill #VoteNoBCRA
Please vote against the ACA repeal and replacement.
Vote no on the bill to repeal and work bipartsanly to fix the ACA to make it better.
Removing the Affordable Care Act and all the patient protections, without an adequate replacement is a criminally bad idea.
Gutting #Medicaid, kicking people off insurance, and sending costs up aren't results. #voteNORepeal #keepACA #NoBCRA
It's #ORRA now, even worse though.
No you are focused on delivering results for Trump. It was 97.2% partisan voting - what is it now?  Probably even higher/worse.
Fight for Ohioans- Save ACA- stand up to Trump and his killing machine republicans call healthcare- it is shameful!
And health care. Crickets from you. Keep tweeting this other BS, but TODAYS issue is healthcare. So what r u being promised to sell out?
You could have started by voting to repeal Obamacare.
In regards to the Healthcare Bill, the Republican Promise of the last seven years MUST be kept to keep our trust!
You complain & express your "concerns" about these all the time but I've yet to hear a viable solution from you on healthcare or tax reform.

Counting on you voting NO on HealthCare today.  Restart back in bi-partisan committee!  Lead!
Best thing you can do for your constituents is vote NO on today's bill and work for a bipartisan solution to health insurance.
Senators who care about the health of their constituents will #VoteNoMTP.
Think about both small town & teaching hospitals, local clinics, ... also that healthcare jobs rely on viable facilities across Ohio.
vote no on the health care repeal and replace. disabled and elderly constituents will be hurt and it is cowardly to have no public debate
Please, you have to more integrity--and care more about the people of OH--than to vote for a sack of .............
Just remember it is your responsibility to protect citizens of Ohio no matter what political party they belong too. Please vote No on AHCA !
#ATN #TW #staywoke .@AARPadvocates @Vetsagainst @YesMomsCan I agree with @Doug24Seven at least our gov is trying to protect OH citizens
Can you assure us you know what you're voting for? http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/343553-unhappy-senators-complain-about-healthcare-process … #mysterybill
As an Ohio Pediatrician and Neonatologist I urge you to vote no tomorrow #KeepKidsCovered @AmerAcadPeds @senrobportman
guess ur falling for this?
Hard to believe someone who ran to repeal replace wouldn't even be willing to discuss repeal replace. Worse than hypocrisy. Sheer deceit
Medicare for all my friend
Then you must vote No on the secretive BCRA.
Who are you protecting if you vote yes on the healthcare act?  Not the people of Ohio.  The Wrath of Don is only a narcissistic illusion.
so how will u vote on #healthcare tues? what will u vote on? what bill? guess what? they are all bad,start over. OHIO lives depend on it

Keep Medicaid
I'm not a drug addict, born w/degenerative disease & desperately need Medicaid, I'm counting on YOU to do right by me! #FixtheACA #VoteNo



By taking away our healthcare? How does that help?That needs to be your #1 priority!
I live in Warren Co., Ohio. As a supporter of yours for 20+ years I want to SEE your efforts!  We are going down. Please help!
Vote NO on #RepealAndRun and NO on motion to proceed for Ohioans!
 #NoRepeal #ProtectOurCare
Then you must vote NO tomorrow on the #BCRA! Losses in coverage, Medicaid, and security net for lower income families is unacceptable!
Please vote against either of the current repeal bills. Both are bad bills that don't improve healthcare. We need a bipartisan solution.
You need to do what you said you would and Repeal Obama Care!! It is destroying working families.
If you are serious about fixing the opiod crisis then vote NO on Trumpcare.
What does this vague statement mean? Does "results" mean lots of Ohioans lose health care?
The senator is a master of vague statements.
Please, please, please do NOT vote for repeal, or BCRA, or AHCA. These will hurt millions and millions and millions of Americans.
Vote NO on repeal & #SaveACA 

Work with @SenateDems to Improve #ACA 

#ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid
Your constituents are afraid of not having affordable healthcare. We have other insurances that are reasonably priced. Why not healthcare?
Why are voicemail boxes full in the middle of the day? Why can some constituents schedule appointments and others can't?
Well then a solid NO vote on the healthcare bill is in order. Unless your deal is delivering negative results.
do not repeal the ACA. Show Ohioans that you care.
Ohio deserves more than this patronizing, lip service tweet. Show some spine and vote #NoBCRA #NoMysteryBill
#VoteNoMTP
You're a liar.  You work for yourself and your overlords....not Ohioans or Americans.
Vote no on tha ACA bill repeal. It's what Ohioans want. You work for us ..not Trump.
HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA
Obamacare works.
People like it.
The gobbledegook you're trying to cook up? Your AHCA/BCRA/TrumpCare/Koch/Cruz? Bad.
FUND ACA
NO TAX CUTS TO DEFUND ACA.
Please hear us.
We carried your man IN to office...conversely, we can carry Congress OUT of office.
Your promises included safeguarding Medicaid expansion. Lies or Truth Senator? That should make it easy to vote #FixACA
Please support President Trump, repeal the failing Obamacare and pass a replacement.
How about the whole country!! Get R HCBILL repeal/replace PassIt&get out of the way! That would help Ohioans &B doing R Pres agendas justice
It sure doesn't seem like it. Ohioans overwhelmingly voted for Trump and you're on the wrong side a lot
must be getting ready to push the psycho Trump tax breaks for the rich ....
if your tax reform is for the rich ... then just don't
you pretend to want to do what's best for Ohioans, but your ideas are aimed at stacking the deck 4 the wealthy.
Please stay focused and kill the healthcare bill! Trumpcare is seriously flawed! Vote's in 2020 senator- your call
Check out page 137 of Jimmy Carter's book, A Full Life. A bipartisan healthcare plan defeated because of politics. Maybe revisit that plan.
Vote Yes to Repeal Obamacare like you did last year!
Do not repeal the ACA!  #reallybadidea
We want those results to include affordable, functional healthcare for all Ohioans. Not stripping away care from millions of Americans.
So you're going to get the US military to stop importing heroin from Afghanistan for drug companies? Yeah ok.
#WorkTogether #NoRepelNoReplace
You're a traitor to your state and constituents - we will unleash our disdain at polls

It's time to decide whether you're going to be a priest of the Empire or a prophet of God. https://youtu.be/xTtRk8np7S4 
Then why not repeal like 2015 or were you just show boating back then
Deliver repeal results.
Please vote no on this secret healthcare bill. Past versions have spelled disaster for tens of millions.  Do it for state and Country.
Text "Resist" to 50409 to fax letters to your Senators in addition to calling.
I have 3 addicts in my family and while I want them to get well, my tax dollars paying for Narcan for them is not the answer.Make them pay.
No, you are focused on being loyal to party over country, following the money and  remaining silent about president's appalling behavior
Start by denouncing @SenateGOP MONSTROUS plan to rip Heath Care from YOUR CONSTITUENTS & 22M Americans! Listen to US! NOT @GOP R/W $ donors

I'm joining @RedLetterXians & @TheRealFPL today to say taking healthcare away w/out any plan to replace is sin. https://www.redletterchristians.org/breaking-christians-unite-in-direct-action-to-oppose-the-better-care-reconciliation-act/ …
Sounds great. Do it at State level. Not the federal.
GOP needs to remember the phrase "compassionate conservative"
Really, Senator? How about this? Wanna give it a go? https://twitter.com/jonfavs/status/888451313612210180 … Here's a suggestion, just vote NO!
I would like to hear even one undecided Republican Senator defend a THIRTEEN THOUSAND DOLLAR DEDUCTIBLE. https://twitter.com/lauralitvan/status/888118654759354368 …
Senator work across the aisle for a responsible solution to fixing the ACA.
Why does GOP only talk of ACA & not what BRCA will do for ppl? Because the GOP plans hurt the most vulnerable of us.
So get on board then with single payer - saves money but more importantly it saves lives. No one left out of care and levels of care.
You don't even know what #Ohioans need because you won't talk to them unless their boss has "donated" to you!
Well voting for who knows what on healthcare this week should certainly help these issue. Do YOU even know or will you be party B4 people?
Full repeal only on Obamacare!!!!
Vote NO on the unjust Deathcare proposal. Fix ACA, and help millions of Americans.
Medicaid is necessary to fight the opoid crisis .@senrobportman  Don't forget that when you vote NO & when you encourage others to vote NO.
then please vote no on the repeal of the ACA
Why do you think the ACA is failing Ohioans?
On #healthcare is it your opinion that Medicaid ought to be reworked? If so how do you prop to trans vulnerable users to better/diff care?
I'm assuring people you're fighting for us concerning healthcare!
Repealing the ACA or repealing it and replacing it with a worse bill/law isn't the answer. You're a coward and a cruel, heartless monster.
Then please vote no on this healthcare bill. It's overwhelmingly disliked by your constituents
Then Repeal for Ohioans
Please vote no on repeal & work with all to repair ACA (& pressure Trump to not sabotage it). We do hold you accountable.
Just lip service. Keep and fix the ACA so Ohioans can keep their healthcare and can get treatment for addiction
Then vote no on healthcare bill and fix ACA.
I don't know your party and don't care. Thank you for not letting them pass their horrendous healthcare bill. Fix ACA, expand Medicaid.
Fraud.
Not if you vote yes on the bill next week.
What makes you think that the tax codes are "broken"?  Healthcare was doing fine until the GOP started messing with it.
Then vote no on opening debate until the public is informed & can offer feedback. Listen to the vast majority.
I pray you do. Just make sure it's what we're asking for, and not the Republican party line.
Then vote repeal!
Please vote NO on repealing or replacing the ACA. Fix the problems in a normal hearing process and get input from your constituents.
Rob-why do you let ins companies pull out of so many state exchanges while still paying massive bonuses?
Is it ok for them to give out such bonuses when they also do this? Or do you even care about the success of the ACA?
https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2016/10/6/1578544/-The-Untold-Story-of-Trump-Model-Management-A-Daily-Kos-Exclusive-Part-1 …

Perhaps you should read this. Or have someone read it to you.
Good. Please keep equal, affordable access to healthcare for all citizens
How is giving a big tax cut to wealthy people going to fix the opioid crisis or the health care plan?
Vote NO on ACA repeal. Follow lead of @JohnKasich and work towards a bipartisan fix of problems with the law. Ohioans are counting on you!
Portman you're on record saying the ACA should cover MORE ppl and COST LESS. You're on record saying KEEP MEDICAID.

Deliver the ACA
results...seems your only concern is to help keep expansion of medicaid

There is no denying. Your campaign website called for repealing and replacing ObamaCare....just 8 months ago. That's what we voted for.
Vote No, #FixTheACA, there is no need to make people suffer.  Healthcare is not population control.
You have been consistent so far Senator.   Understand you have a sense of urgency, but this is far too important to slice and dice through.
About taxes: please think HARD about who needs the biggest tax break. It's not super rich. Help us keep a strong healthy middle class.
11.6 Million Ohioans hoping you put our healthcare needs before political wishes of one New Yorker, one Kentuckian, & a few billionaires
Amen! 
#Save32Mil
Then do something good for the people of Ohio. Don't follow trumps crew. Work to make ACA better.
Are u focused to vote yes to open in senate & focused to vote yes like u did in 2015 on same 2015 bill? VOTE YES Or we no ur a hypocrite.
Then vote no repeal and no cuts on medicai
Please work with Democrats.
If you actually mean this then don't take away our healthcare! Work across the aisle to improve the ACA. It's easy. Just do it.
You talk the talk, but you continue to put party before Country and the people of Ohio.  We are watching.
You are a liar - #Primarythegop
Then vote NO on repeal and fraudulent replace. Fix individual market & fully fund #ACA. No way to treat #opioidcrisis without MCD expansion

Hey @GOP,

Stop being Republicans and start being Americans.…
I am watching here in Ohio.  If you are for Ohio,
Vote no on MTP and no on trumpcare.
Does that mean you're a "NO" on BCRA? Please help to #ProtectOurCare !
This must mean you plan to vote NO on the health care bill.
Rob what are the good parts of the Trumpcare plan ? What keeps you interested in this horrible piece of work. What does your soul cost?
Healthcare is a life and death decision. Isn't a return to a regular legislative process the least we deserve. Vote NO
Then vote NO on that hideous bill.
Please vote no on repealing ACA & work w/Dems on fixing.  Do what's right & best for Ohioans.
improve Obamacare for all America's Do your job for all not just your rich friends ! Mid Terms are coming and we will speak !
Then put us over party. This Ohio voter is watching.
It's 2 issues.
A TAX REPEAL & A HEALTH BILL, but tied together. ACA funded by tax on wealthy. Give wealthy tax break kills ACA. 
NO TAX CUT!
Rob first focus on SINGLE PAYER. Then JOBS , then INFRASTRUCTURE. Stop the crap about tax cuts and reform. Do your damn job !
Please make sure it is what we need and want, not what you THINK we need and want. Please have OPEN town halls.
Full repeal of obamacare like you campaigned on
Don't vote for the terrible Senate "healthcare" bill if you care about people getting treatment!
Good man! You will be rewarded.
When will you actually stand up for our country? When ? R's and D's will remember what you did Not do to protect our country and democracy!
Then work on improving ACA and not repeal_replace.   And I  am  a  registered Republican in Ohio.
You'll vote with where the money comes from! That is for sure! It's how you always vote!
Make sure it's for ALL Ohioans.
Your stance on health care would deliver disastrous results for Ohio.
Then talk to people about their stories about how the ACA helped them or saved their lives. Talk to your constituents!
Then stand up for President Trump and quit quivering.
You going to help pass sharia law too
So support a flat rate tax that balances the budget, has no loop holes for rich and call it a day. Oh right…republicans + loop holes = fact.
If only we were Ukrainian.  @senrobportman might care what we have to say.  
That would b a #VOTENO on #trumpcare #ProtectOurCare Bipartisan work needed! Why is #GOP making citizens worry? Today would be a good day!

I would like to hear even one undecided Republican Senator defend a THIRTEEN THOUSAND DOLLAR DEDUCTIBLE. https://twitter.com/lauralitvan/status/888118654759354368 …
Have you flipped Rob? PLEASE SAY YOU HAVE!

1: ALERT: Trump admin is using fake #'s to flip moderates— 
saying people can be moved from Medicaid to Cruz plans without harm. Via @WSJ: 
Still would like to know if this is true.
2: They flipped Portman yesterday. Cassidy? Gullible as ever. 
Show me. In particular tell me you read the lengthy fax i sent you sbout this 2 weeks ago.
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.642
We need you to LEAD on these issues. Ohio can't lead only on opiod deaths.
I doubt that, but good luck.
You need to vote no for this fake health care but real tax cut for the  rich - please do not be bribed - do the right thing for us
The Trump administration has ended contracts with 18 cities that brought assistance to consumers who need help signing up for ACA coverage.
The Trump administration has also cut in half the time consumers will have to shop for their 2018 ACA coverage.
In addition, the Trump administration has spent taxpayer money on a multi-media PR campaign, aimed at damaging public opinion of the ACA.
http://www.thedailybeast.com/team-trump-used-obamacare-money-to-run-ads-against-it …
Are you willing to be a party to the President's determined efforts to kill the ACA & take healthcare coverage from millions of Americans?
We need a bipartisan effort to fix those parts of the ACA that aren't working and to save those parts of the ACA that are working.
No you're not. You want to deliver results for your own pocket
Just not delivering health care, amirite, rob? Atta boy, now give me my tax cut!
Vote no, I'll be calling your office also.
results for Ohioans not for trump. Voting to repeal just to get a victory is an insult to ohioans
Fraudulent statement...repeal healthcare
Vacuous BS. If that were true you'd stand up and admit the GOP has been lying about ACA and work across the aisle to repair where needed.
Vote Ohioans, NOT party line. We want our healthcare
And exactly what healthcare is that?
You focused on helping bus business and the 1 precent No healthcare helps Ohioans how ?
Hoping that means you will vote no on any repeal of the ACA.
Please tell me you find voting Tuesday on a bill with unknown details is the height of legislative negligence.
