Backstabbers in GOP! Trump has a right to negotiate sanctions! I hope Trump doesn't sign it! Vote Portman out of office!
You can't write laws denying Potus out of his actual Lawful powers. Article II, Section 2:2
Why?  To keep your handlers you really expected war with putin once Hillary won happy?  Hope @POTUS vetoes it
Time for Rob Portman to #RepealObamacare - He is failing his constituents.
@lisamurkowski @SenCapito @SenJohnMcCain @SenAlexander We are watching you and we will donate to primary you.
One thing at a time. Vote NO tonight.
Why are you encroaching on the executive branch? To lend credence to the bogus Russian hackers nonsense?
Why are y'all giving the dems any ammo to this bs Russia nonsense..smmfh! If I were @POTUS I wouldn't want to sign something stripping my
So is that a no to kicking 560k Ohioans off of insurance.
If he doesn't sign it, what will you do?  How will you hold him accountable?
So the only time you want to break the system is so you can kill babies? Why not pass sanctions in secret too?
.@realDonaldTrump please #Veto this bill 
RESIGN TRAITOR.  NO OBAMACARE.
Keep ur promise. Repeal Obamacare.
Coward that refuses to work for Ohioians
@tamaraleighllc @senrobportman never trust moderate republicans
Great about sanctions. Hey, did you know the AARP hates the "skinny repeal" too? Represents 38M people! Many of them YOUR CONSTITUTENTS.
AARP is a bunch of partisan hacks who don't give a damn about those 38M people, just like you
I will fight everything you want from now on. You are taking away my family's health insurance.
Trump not going to sign that bill and we both know why.Putin owns Trump

If he won't sign the bill just go ahead and #ImpeachTrump, actually just go ahead and #ImpeachTrumpNow!

Don't distract us, whoever you are who writes these tweets.
Also important that you repeal aca  , it's ur job that we gave u 2 do but ur acting like ur from the dem party not the GOP .
7 years you promised to repeal Obamacare Only show voted because you were lying I can't trust a liar like you on this bill either
Rob portman part of obama deepstate needs replaced.
no obamacare repeal is urgent sir. Get to work.
#NoTrumpCare  #VoteNo #SkinnyRepeal
Please stop talking about acting quickly! You haven't acted at all on what we elected you to do, you RINO! #HealthcareBill #DoYourJob
@indivisibledyt @IndivisibleOH8 You have learned well from @realDonaldTrump! Distraction from what is really important, your vote on HC!
No, he should VETO, if derogatory section of restricting POTUS IS NOT REMOVED! Absolutely shameful!
red herring
I hope you follow through on sanctions, but also pursue the investigation into the Russian election interference all the way through. #ohio
Don't urge him, demand it!  If he refuses, override his veto. This is about loyalty to the nation & his is in doubt.
Please say you will not support leg that defunds PP & removes ind. mandate.
Jjust read that U will vote 4 skinny repeal, defunding PP, remove the ind. mandate even tho the CBO & Ins. Cos hv told U what it would mean?
And what if he vetoes?  Still gonna vote your party line?  Gonna realize what he really is?
Ohio-Here are premium increases expected. Rob has given his word the House won't pass it but he's done that before.
NEW: Premium rate shock by state under "skinny" repeal. 
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/26/436740/senates-skinny-aca-repeal-shell-game/ … 
urge @realDonaldTrump , the man is a Putin puppet, there is no "urging" override his veto if he doesn't sign
You need to read this
Hospital Assoc are committed to their patients.  Why aren't you?   Cost sharing and risk sharing for Payers.
No @senrobportman what is IMPORTANT IS REPEAL & REPLACE Obamacare that you PROMISED the LAST 7 YRS, DO YOUR JOB !
What social groups back repeal and replace?  Not vets group that support low income vets or vets who need healthcare

.@SenateGOP says they want to lower premiums, but #SkinnyRepeal spikes premiums by 20%. CALL THEM @ 202-224-3121 & tell them to #VoteNO! 
You and a very few of your (R) colleagues blew off a call to action at REPEALING OBAMACARE vote yesterday and now you're calling for action?
Republicans are the party of Putin. I left them last year during the convention after being one all my long voting life. Never again!
Reagan would be sickened by what has happened to your party! So ashamed I ever voted Republican!
What's more important than stripping thousands of healthcare? Investigating Russian attacks on democracy? Tax cuts? Backpage?
You can't distract us from healthcare
No https://www.fitsnews.com/2017/07/24/ron-paul-donald-trump-should-veto-sanctions-bill/ …
Tweet whatever distraction you want, Senator. We won't forget what you plan to do to our health care.
Also important that the Senate doesn't vote to destabilize the insurance market and kick millions off their coverage, wouldn't you agree?
You mean SCROTUS. SAD!!!
Vote No on the skinny repeal! It could totally implode the insurance market and raise premiums 20%.
YES.Heathcare shouldn't be passed quickly tho,assuming it will b fixed in conference!House may keep whatever U vote in as is!
By the way we want #FullRePeal and put @RandPaul #FreeMarketHealthcare bill in! https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Will you read that bill before voting? Will it get the benefit of hearings? I guess it must be more important than Ohioans' healthcare.
Important that the Senate get POTUS to face up to #Russia as a threat to our country.  You'll urge him, how effective is that, Senator?
Important that you don't vote to take healthcare away from 16 million Americans. Answer your phones.

Is Portman the sleaziest politician in all of Ohio and probably the country?

The American Medical Association has come out against the “skinny repeal” of the Affordable Care Act http://nyti.ms/2uBP3v0 
Why are you not listening to the experts??
Apparently ADA repeal is not important enough to "quickly" pass!
I agree.  But it's also important to vote no on the skinny repeal and safeguard the healthcare of millions of Americans.  Improve the ACA.
No fixing something w/a shitty foundation. Needs demolition. Implement Rand Paul's FREE-MARKET plan 1 state @ a time & let O-Care evaporate.
I agree 100 percent on the sanctions. Vote no on the ACA repeal.
Is McConnell going to take steps so that POTUS can't do recess appointments?  Or are you guys still just one foot in the water on this?
You know, Rob, those are only important if you want to protect Americans. Your vote on ACA repeal says you don't care. Two faced.
Why are you voting yes on the skinny health bill? The answer is because you don't care about the people of Ohio. Shameful.
I wish we could act quickly & get you out of office. Coward.
Not as important as healthcare! Stop with the softball issues and get the real work done!
Why?  We will die without healthcare so I hope we all get nuked and die together.
Vote against the Skinny Repeal - it's bad for Ohio and we don't support it!
Do you really think he will approve sanctions on Russia?
A Senate GOP aide said that we are "operating under the assumption the House will pass the skinny as is tomorrow.”
Important that the Senate act quickly and not strip healthcare away from millions of Americans.
also important not to strip millions of access to health care, but yeah, you do you.
He won't. Vote no on the healthcare bill.
