Yes! Let's support medicaid expansion and NOT cut it. Vital to fighting the opioid crisis
so with Medicaid we went into opiate crises so let's expand it and make it bigger? Makes no sense. Not the cure
Hello stranger, I'm not sure how you expect to reduce addiction by cutting medical coverage when methadone costs $4,700 a year
Death by heroin, which you certainly can't buy with medicaid, has shot up. Prescription related deaths have gone down
prescription deaths have went down because they have made it almost illegal to prescribe pain meds. Been to er?
yes.......... meanwhile, people are dying in massive numbers to a heroine epidemic, which is the issue
yes and Medicaid isn't the cure.
OK. I hope your loved ones are not affected negatively by these cuts. Have a nice night.
So, Sen Portman votes yes for #Trumpcare, and to end Medicaid.  635,700 Ohio Residents will lose insurance along with healthcare jobs #fail
lol, that happened about 6 yrs ago with Obumacare, you way behind bubs.
Don't we need all hands on deck to combat #TrumpRussiaCoverUp ? GOP seems to have missed that memo.
you mean Loretta Lynch and bill Clinton on tarmac making deal for Hiliary or comey coverup of Hiliary.
Um, no.  you are a very confused #Christian soldier.  Good. Night.
And yet you support Ohio's Medicaid expansion repeal. How many addicts won't be able to get help then??
addicts wouldn't get help if you gave em million $s they go get million $s in drugs. Medicaid isn't a cure.
is there going to be screaming, yelling, and crying? If so where do I buy the tickets? Sounds like a lib dib. 
remember the D.A.R.E campaign? The "this is your brain on drugs" commercial? Lol. We are coming out of a miserable 8 yrs.
the remaining addicts from this era will either die, go to prison or clean up and get to work it's that simple, I know watch.
support like hold a meeting, take donations for coffee, listen and get involved in your community that's all free, no cost.
All hands on deck to #SaveACA
Sir: You will be abdicating your responsibility to democratic governance if you rush to pass healthcare bill without hearings and CBO score.
I think universal healthcare, a living wage and reinstating Glass Steagall would help as well.
Does the committee of all able-bodied white guys want this to hit the floor without anybody getting a chance for input while it's written?
I contacted your office multiple times about Healthcare related to disability. I haven't been yelling at your staff so why no communication?
If you think Tiberi, the #AHCA quarterback, is in the corner of drug addicts and their families you are sadly mistaken.#ShowUsTheBill #OH12
If you and your staff really want to disregard your constituent input you might as well have the courage to be honest about it
And yet you're going along with the plan to destroy Obamacare? You are putting the GOP ahead of country and state.
We first need all hands in deck to clean out and fumigate the White House!
I'm sure it's cleaned up now, Trump threw out the trash.
Shoot drug pushers
The government is making Americans lives miserable. Lack of common sense by politicians and the payoff money they take.
when the economy picks up and the young ones get to work making decent money all will subside.
all hands on deck means get out there and help your friend, family member or whoever needs a ear, support is key to addiction
and do not listen to the ones who believe government assistance will solve all, I know first hand where my tax $ goes.
it's only gonna be solved by the addict him/her self. Jobs, law enforcement and a border wall would help but never solve 100%
So you're going to vote against AHCA because it de-funds programs that help prevent epidemics like this, right?
Make sure you feel the same when it comes to #healthcare and #budget cuts! We're counting on you! Remember, you're OUR SOLDIER in the Senate
What do u say to those of us dependent on Ohio expanded Medicaid for coverage? #ACA #AHCA
@senrobportman @PatTiberi You should be concerned about this #AHCA #CARA
do not change healthcare for anything that is not tangibly better. Just make it universal and say the GOP always wanted it.
@PatTiberi Meanwhile thousands will be dying for lack of healthcare, thx to you monsters.
Ultimately, yes, it will, because reps like you and @PatTiberi and Steve Stivers care more about power than people. 1/2
We need essential benefits like mental health and addiction services protected! We need the #Medicaid expansion protected!
We need to know what you are doing on HC? We want hearings!
How about that Russians in the whitehouse crisis while we're at it?
Hi! Freedom Caucus says time is of the Essence! OHIO SAYS DO NOT SCREW US OVER or YOUR HISTORY! #NoAHCA #USA1st @GOP 2nd 
LET'S BE CLEAR: Portman wants a Medicaid phase out.
The AHCA will be a direct cause of preventable deaths of good Americans.  How can you be supportive of this and still claim you're pro-life?
Think of us. Don't be bullied by @Heritage_Action to take our insurance & insurance for millions.They are bragging it works
Disappointing to hear of your support of the #ACHA and cuts to Medicaid. We need you to do the right thing for the people of Ohio.
What I learned from the Comey hearings-the entire Republican Party has decided to handcuff itself to Trump's sinking anvil.Good luck w/ that
DON'T TAKE AWAY HEALTH CARE!  It's simple - you can't have it both ways - take away health care and many of these people will die
Agree, but you're going to need voters like me.  At $1300/mth the health insurance issue is pretty important to me. Time to get going.
Federal government help comes largely from Medicaid's expanded services. Cutting those will hurt Ohioans and people across the United States
you care so much about this but are going to vote to cut health insurance that really helps people.  You are a joke #partybeforecountry

Bankruptcies from medical bills have been cut in half since the ACA. For those who don't remember, this is what happens. Thread confirms. https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/872766935422914560 …

Your daily reminder that 13 GOP Senators are still meeting secretly to take insurance from millions to fund tax cuts for their rich friends.
It will be solved by a healthcare system that takes care of all of our citizens.  Do the right thing and fix the system Senator.
Medicaid Expansion as it relates to the opioid crisis...those who are addicted or victims probably won't use private insurance...  No Help!
Please explain to your constituents what does taking $$$ out of the current system for tax cuts somehow help Ohio?
Phasing it out over 7 years is just kicking the can down the road and shows a complete lack of values. Explain
Why do you support the new healthcare bill then which will gut Medicaid which is essential in aiding those suffering from this? Explain
AHCA is catastrophic for many Ohioans, including addicts and children. If you mean what you say, you can't vote for AHCA. We will not forget
It can't be stopped at the community level b/c Big Pharma keeps over-marketing opioids. You need to stop taking their $$ & go after THEM!
what's going on with AHCA aka Deathcare? You guys planning to F America over behind closed doors! Hell NO! You will GO!
Assuming that if you want to deal with #OpioidCrisis you can't possibly support #wealthcare and  you'll be voting NO on #ACHA
I hope whoever runs your Twitter account actually shows you these posts on a daily basis. It's important you know how unhappy Ohio is.
Portman, this "opioid crisis" is actually a blessing.  You should be working to provide more opioids to the addicts.
Hmm...nothing on rolling back consumer protections, nothing about a certain investigation? Thanks Rob, big help.
Man up & put state before party - refuse to support the AHCA(Trumpcare) Drug addicts deserve health care
Access to tx is key. Don't dismantle healthcare!
Please call Rob Portman and tell him what a terrible idea the healthcare replacement is.
Obviously opiod or drug addiction will fall under the preexisting clause in new healthcare propsal but not erectile dysfunction, hmmmmmmmmmm
We all want a town hall meeting! We will be there!
How?? By phasing out the ACA? Phasing out Medicaid expansion for the poor? That's no hands on deck sir!
Except your hands will be cutting Medicaid funding in #ahca slowly but just long enough til you get reelected.
You don't give a shit about the #opiodcrisis if you are thinking of voting to repeal #ACA - you are a bold faced liar
Just a reminder. Voting for the AHCA will NOT help alleviate this crisis.
Passing a healthcare bill that requires essential health benefits and doesn't cut Medicaid would be a good start.
How's that going to work without medicaid or health insurance. #portmanhypocrisy
You said you would fight for expanded Medicaid. Stand by that. Don't phase it out.
We need your refusal of the repeal of the AHCA and cooperation with Dems to fix healthcare.
Repealing the ACA will not improve our care for people in the #opioidcrisis.  We must provide everyone with #healthinsurance #SinglePayer
Easy for you to say.
During the #ComeyHearings @senrobportman continues to bury his head in the sand, repeat himself and refuses to take a stand. Pathetic
Know what else helps? AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE!
We also need all hands on deck combat #DoddFrank. Protect we the people @senrobportman @SenSherrodBrown @RepSteveStivers @PatTiberi
E.g., the federal government could help by making sure addiction and mental health coverage continues to be covered by health insurance.
Last thing: I really wanted to like you. AHCA is the deal breaker. That simple. #complicit
We want CBO score. We want to see your secret bill. AHCA is if it cuts coverage, costs more, or hurts elderly and kids. @CbusIndivisible
#Comeyday + the House working to destroy Dodd-Frank and ya'll sit in your big leather chairs and talk about how much you care and worry.
republicans seem to repeat failed policies of yesteryear Nixon's war on drugs = flop oh that's right it was political move to suppress ppl
It will take State, Federal, and Community engagement to end this epidemic. People for the government and government of the people.
Provide your plan please. Yes, we are watching the Comey hearings, but we are still watching you. #RESIST #DON'TREPEALTHEACA #ROMEISBURNING
If you are serious about it, you need to make certain the ACA stays in place, comrade.
No, there are more pressing issues than drug use!  We need all senators on deck to figure out why it's ok for democracy to be comprised!
*sighs* where are all the poppy fields in USA at ?
And, with improving ACA NOT repealing.
like you care. This is a platform to get you votes. Isn't there a dementia riddled elder you should be kicking somewhere?
@CityofYOU And our community wants a marijuana grow facility. Proven Gateway to other drugs.
We need all hands on deck to hold hearings and markup about a backroom deal to gut healthcare guarantees.
(44048) That’s not all hands, then. And unless you explain your new ACA plan in detail, we must assume there will be fewer hands for it.
How Rob?  You never give a real answer.
Do you even know what is going on today? #ComeyDay
Are you discussing opioids in your closed door back room healthcare bill writing meetings? Tell us what you are doing with healthcare please
Well he's voting to strip it, of course. Because sick poor people are icky
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.319
Fraud.
why won't you stand up to trump? and why does AHCA give rich tax cuts and slash spending on opiod addiction?
Why are you sabotaging the ACA?  Many Ohioans depend on it for healthcare. The new plan hurts many.
Why didn't you help to keep Anthem in OHIO cynical to kill ACA w/o repair or plan shameful
I applaud your leadership on this crisis, Senator. But the fed govt needs to regulate the supply of opioids that Pharma pushes for million$
Is Putin the one behind the opioid crisis in America? Has too be #BlameRussiaForEverything #MAGA
You're softening the narrative in order to push through the #AHCA. We see what you're doing & you should be ashamed. THESE ARE YOUR VOTERS.
This GOP healthcare plan will make the opioid crisis worse. we soon see if you truly care about Ohioans or if bs by how u vote. #
No...we need 2 waste 2 more years on Russia! Who cares about American deaths jk...wait...I bet Russia is the one behind the opioid crisis!
try really hard to not take away people's lifeline to healthcare
*TRANSLATION* You're on your own Ohio!!! My billionaire benefactors need $600 BILLION in tax cuts!!!!" - #ConManRob #AHCA
Do you believe we should have hearings on the AHCA? Will you refuse your support unless they occur?
Takes a lot of nerve to say this on the day you propose to cut Medicaid.
Republicans don't want or have experts making policy on this in #Ohio. GOP demand Party loyalists:
With no health care you not helping any one
Yeah thank the obstructionist Democrats 4 that! Offer ZERO solutions, RESIST everything, demonize Republicans...sounds like educated adults!
Meanwhile #144aday DIE!!!! 
You ever hear of people dieing from electrocution while in the water? Happens at the Lake of the Ozarks every year, like 10 at least!
