I like that he's not toe-ing the Republican Party line like all the cowards & sees fit to stand up 4 what's RIGHT
I agree.  I am an American first, and a Democrat second.  I love to see this sort of conviction.
I would support him, and any Republican, willing to cross the party line.
HE IS NOT CROSSING SHIT HE IS WITH TRUMP
seriously!!!  He is blowing smoke!  Vote against Betsy if he has a conscience
we believe that YOU should vote #No on @BetsyDeVos! She is bad for education! #dumpDevos or #DumpPortman! #Ohio will decide
Agreed, but will you actually stand up and make your opinion be heard? Will you stand as an American first, a Republican 2nd?
I hope you are going to use all the force of the Constitution to protect us from Trump throwing us under the Putin  bus.
 Russia do not care about you approval. Your false propaganda for stupid.
Then start investigating prez ties to Russia.
the inscription on the banner of "the gods of Ukraine" where fhotos Bandera nazis and Hitler.
I believe in a Senate that should LISTEN TO IT'S CONSTITUENTS!
You also believe people with no qualifications should get cabinet positions.
Our commander in chief is in bed with Putin. Nothing you propose will make a difference until this is properly investigated.
3 for 3! @senrobportman is (talking about) getting shit regulated even if it leads to the disclosure of some shockingly treasonous actions!
Agreed, before you do that, please vote against DeVos nomination...she is unqualified for the job!
#sellout

Ukrainian soldiers
The time is NOW.  Vote to support our children and their schools. Put children above politics and money,  VOTE NO on DeVos!
Please be the vote to save our Public Schools from DeVos! #VoteNoDevos
Yes and you should VOTE NO on DeVos.
Please read and decide! The future of our children and Public Schools in your hands.
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/30/us/politics/betsy-devos-neurocore-brain-centers.html …
Please vote no for DeVos. She is unqualified for Secretary of Education. Do the right thing.
Thank you Senator. Please reinstate the sanctions on technology that were lifted this week. Please vote no on  #DeVos
I am neither republican, nor particularly Christian, but God Bless you Senator Portman,
Totally agree w/ sanctions vs Russia.  Also most vote NO on Devos
I would  like to see you push for POTUS tax release as his failure to do so and your acceptance begs a ? Of your integrity
thank you. I support you in this endeavor
Will you choose country over party and vote NO on korsuch and incompetent cabinet nominees? Please don't stumble. USA
Putin boasts Russia
...less talk, more action @senrobportman
You left @potus off your Tweet. Need an inquiry about unrecorded Trump/Putin conversation, please. #transparency
Please vote no on Devos. I live in Canton

Vote NO on theBetsy DeVos nom. Have some courage!
- Again, thank you for putting country over party.  We need more Republicans who are willing to stand up for what is right.
He's voting in favor of Devos, so I wouldn't b 2 hasty with 
suggestion that he's putting party over country.
- Agreed, although I want to encourage @senrobportman to think more outside of party circles.
Fight the good fight, brother. 
Senator your job Is to act on behalf of us Your constituents. The ones who are telling you to vote NO on DeVoss
I believe there is a better choice for our children than Betsy DeVos #dumpdevos
Betsy DeVos gave U $51,000 reasons to vote for her tax payer funded bait & switch scheme 4privatized profits. Weak of You!
if people were educated, they wouldn't buy how Russia is out new best friend. But oh yeah you people want us stupid. #NoDevos
Where is the investigation into Russian-FBI involvement in election? Prove legitimacy or get him out. #Illegitimate
Save our children-NO to Devos
why support DeVoss when your constituents have said that's not what we want? Please talk to us, dont use "statements"!
Vote no on Devos. Show Ohioans that her donating to your campaign makes no difference. She's owes Ohio 5 mil. Trustworthy?
sell out. Ohio will remember
$51,000!
I agree with you on Russian sanctions. I hope you agree that Betsy DeVos is not a suitable choice for Secretary of Education.
Please defend education for Ohio children. Vote NO on deVos.
we need you to vote against Betsy DeVos.
great and make sure Steven Bannon doesn't get on the security council. His help for go ahead on the recent raid as reason
this message is brought to you and paid by Betsy Devos, you too can sacrifice education for campaign money
How can you allow Trump to overturn the consumer protection act? I don't care about the Russia smoke screen right now?
between Betsy and trump, you have let us down. We will NOT forget.
He's lying. He'll fall in line. Then he'll be removed from office. He doesn't work for us.
Tried to call this AM but voicemail is full. Please vote against DeVos
or secretly support their agenda. Time to put on your big boy pants and stand up for America.
Betsy DeVos gave your campaign $51,000?  No wonder you will cave in. Pitiful
Why is the US lifting sanctions for the FSB, the former KGB? Please stand up for USA. Don't let Trump sell us out to Russia!
you lost all credibility with your support of Devos. You officially sold out.
I pray you stay true to this statement.
Codify sanctions against Russia?? How about looking closer to home and dealing with education and NOT confirming DeVos.
VOTE NO ON BETSY DEVOS.    Children before Party regardless of the $'s she gave you!
Please, please, please vote "no" on Betsy DeVos. Ohio schools are counting on your help.
I will not be voting for you again if you confirm DeVoss.  You are not doing what WE OHIOANS have asked you to do!  Shame!
Yes! Thank you! @SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP
Vote NO for DeVon. our children's need  you
I applaud this. Please consider a "no" vote on DeVos. We need a senator who fights for our kids!
What about demanding investigation into Trump's business relations with Russia?
Are you really going to vote for that woman who makes a bags of rocks look smart?  Grizzly bears ?  Really?  Shame.
The people of Ohio have been clear. Vote NO on DeVos, or we will make sure to vote NO on Portman.
I agree. Are you going to show leadership and stand up against Trump?
So, I guess $51,000 from DeVos buys your vote.
are you truly going to put party before principle and vote a woman into a position she does not belong?  U know u are wrong!
vote no on Devos
please continue to stand up for reason and logic by voting NO to DeVos #DumpDevos
Sounds good but what about our kids and protecting their schools, including my 2 boys in Lakewood? Please vote NO on DeVoss.
Russian invaders shut rocket's set "BM-21 Grad" to Avdiyivka
https://twitter.com/GarikLampa/status/827246817368821761 …
Thank you! Thank you very much! God bless America!
and I believe US senators should listen to their constituents.  #disappointed  #noDevos
Avdiyivka - Russian shelled a school with humanitarian point. 3 rescuer killed, 1 foreign journalist wounded
How much money did Betsy Devos give you?? It's thousands-sell our school children out for campaign money
YES! Please codify sanctions. ALSO stand in support of students + #publicschools join bipartisan opposition & vote #NOonDeVos
how many NO VOTES...how many YES VOTES on DeVos....just lay the cards on the table for us to see.
vote NO on #DeVos she is not qualified stand with parents & teachers do what's right
I've been an OH teacher for 20+ years.  Explain your support of a billionaire charter school hack with no public school exp.
@realDonaldTrump removing sanctions from Russia FSB is TREASON. You own this.
#russianhacking
@realDonaldTrump just loosened the sanctions what are you going to do now? Say NO to Betsy Devos is response.
Disappointment beyond belief at your support of the unqualified Betsy DeVos.
too late. He's already started taking them down... maybe you should have been working on that instead of kissing #NoDeVos
I believe an elected official should listen to his constituents when they say vote NO on Betsy DeVos!
This is good to know. In light of today's news, however, I'd like to see what you're actually going to do about it.
you do not represent Ohians when you ignore our calls. Shame on you. Say "no" to Betsy DeVos!
Listen to your constituents, No on DeVos!
please vote no on DeVoss!  So many better conservative candidates available!  Ohio public schools must need your help!
looks like your constituents would like you to vote no on DeVos. Hers one more.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT THIS NOW? impeach Trump
that's great. Now do your constituency a solid and say no to DeVos #november2022 #momsdontforget
So, he's started lifting the sanctions. You still going to approve everything he says and does or nah?
Thank you. Please also stand up for public schools and vote no on DeVos. She is not remotely qualified! I am a teacher!
I agree, however...
thoughts on this then?  https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/OFAC-Enforcement/Pages/20170202_33.aspx#.WJNl2sgnp-Q.twitter …
I have been unable to reach your office. Please don't vote to confirm DeVos. She is clearly not qualified for the position.
TOO LATE to show your spine now, we know you are going to do everything Trump wants until there is blood on your hands.
.@senrobportman Better hurry, Trump is sending money to the FSB.  I guess this is the first installment for the hacking.
Ya watch now the money he owes from his failed Co pay in Russia will mysterious disappear
I wish they'd follow all his money from Russia.  It probably tells an interesting story.
that's why he won't release his taxes. Banks here won't loan him money he had borrow over seas.
coward
You receive 60,000 in donations from Devos. We will soon see where your allegiance lies. #DeVosvote
I believe the US Senate should take pro-active steps to REJECT BETSY DEVOS.
yes!  Thanks
you can be pro-active by voting no to devos.
Credit where credit is due, this is something I can get behind! Thank you, Senator! Also, before I forget, #DumpDeVos.
hold up on that until we are clear of the obama disinformation cloud. It is natural for a Russian to hate obama.
we need you to speak out against the tyranny of @realDonaldTrump chaos will cause more conflict. No rubber stamp.#Standforus
Please call @senrobportman and tell him Ohioans are against #PayForPlay and to vote NO on #BETSYDEVOS
Phone: 202-224-3353
we ask you to stand up for Ohio public school children and vote against DeVoss. Be a courageous voice of reason.
no on DeVos! Parents on both sides say NO!
Disagreeing with your fellow Republicans is brave. Keep it up by voting no on Sec Ed. #DumpDevos
.@senrobportman Agreed! Also Congress must ask why Administration is ignoring new incursions into Ukraine!
I believe you will go down favorably in the history books if you follow the lead of Senators Collins and Murkowski.
Reject Sessions! Reject Tillerson! Reject DeVos! They are unqualified, incompetent, and corrupt!! #StopSessions
The world is watching.  Do you want to go down in history as aligned with a mad man?
Vote No on DeVos. Ohio's children need better.
VOTE NO TO BETSY DEVOS! You know she of all the no nominees is totally unqualified - for our kids, for our country!  -f/educr
And please vote NO on DeVos! She owes our state 5.3 million. How can you ignore that? Please Stand up for your state, Senator
Please do!! We can not abandon our allies to curry favor with a dangerous tyrant. Why is Trump so cozy with Russia?
. You speak for me. I am asking you to vote against the confirmations of Sessions and Devos.
Good call Senator.   Thank you for standing up for Americans and against your party.
Vote no for Betsy Devos. She is wrong the choice for Secretary of Education!
#VoteNoDevos
Please stand with your colleagues Collins+Murkowski and vote no to DeVos. Public education needs a champion not a profiteer.
Please vote no to DeVos. Stand proud with your colleagues Collins and Murkowski and protect public education. We need you.
Agree!!  Thank you
this is a great start. Now please vote no on DeVos.
House approves resolution killing SEC requirement for oil,gas,mining companies to disclose payments to foreign governments
Agree there's a Russia problem. Your fearless leader is way too cozy w/ Putin. Wonder why? Pass sanctions-get on it! Watching
stand up to trump and vote No on Devos. Teachers in Ohio are begging you.
I believe you should take pro-active steps to vote against DeVos
vote against #devoss She is undeserving on your vote. Don't tow the party line.
@Lynda143143 especially now that Tillerson is in
 The Russian oil fields will be opened for business. GREED is destroying us
Senator Portman, this Ohioan wants your vote for DeVos for Education Secretary, please verify my trust abd vote for you.
this is great, please vote no on Betsy Devos Columbus is counting on you!
as a public school teacher please consider voting no for Devos.
thank you!  As an OH independent I am happy to see this stance on #Russia.
DeVos will be detrimental to our country. Please vote no. I beg you as a parent and as a citizen.
You never cared 4 ur Ohio http://constituents.Today , ur vote4 Tillerson confirm$ that udon't care about Americans either.#phony
sane Republicans have the chance to be heroes right now. What do you want your legacy to be? #NoSessions #noDevos
please oppose DeVos!  Your public school voters, Republican voters, are begging you!  There are better conservative nominees!
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
Then why did you confirm Russian lackey Tillerson? Very disappointed in you.
.@senrobportman How did you vote on #Tillerson sir?

#climatechange #ExxonKnew
Very poor choice,
Why is there never anyone at your office answering the phones? Are you and your staff afraid to hear from your constituents?
YES! THANK YOU for your courage and taking a stand on this.
Vote No on Betsy Devos
pls vote NO on Jeff Sessions. He will never say No to Trump. His behavior on campaign trail was beneath an Attorney General.
please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. She's not the right one for that job.
Are you ok with drilling oil in National Parks? How did you vote on taking away the clean stream rule and methane gas rule?
why are you ok with oil companies taking away native Americans lands?
you keep talking about Russia sanctions to avoid all the other stuff. Do you support the DAPL, what about Keystone pipeline?
will you help Republicans stand up to Trump if he tries to lift sanctions?  Your true Republican constituents are watching.
but we can agree that genuine, qualified cabinet members, above the fray and ethically sound, is of upmost important
we don't always have to agree on every issue
unless all of them answer to their misleading information
no to Price
no to Mnunchin
no to Devos
yes to this
Would you pls quit obsessing over Russia & focus on real issues such as Middle East, immigration, terrorism and our economy?
I'm okay with this
.@senrobportman I recognize the bravery it takes to stand up for justice & against the party line. I will remember this.
that's not going to happen #putinspuppet
interesting. Can you tell me why you're not opposing DeVos? What do you think she has to contribute to education?
Vote No on DeVos!  She is not qualified and has lied. Don't let the $$ you received from her family persuade you to vote bad
Thank you for putting country above party. With no tax returns in sight WE NEED THIS! #staytoughonRussia
Thank you.  Please continue to speak up - including voting against the Tillerson confirmation.
Thank you and please vote no on DeVos (Education), Mnuchin (Treasury), and Sessions (AG).
I have little hope this'll happen. The will of the people is suborned by will of Congress for self-preseravation
I know, but I am going to go down fighting!
NO on Betsy Devos.  OHIO Teachers and Parents Say NO!
Finally you stand up against tyranny!!! Remember country first before party.


yes! Get ready to cross party lines on other issues, eg Trump's removal of Yates & Bannon's seat on the NSC. Bad shenanigans
After what is happening in the Ukraine today, yes, do it now.
you had better do your job, and shut down Bannon.  There will be pitchforks.
