If you vote yes for the #BRCA, then does that mean you are no better than the NK regime?  VOTE NO!
Health care is a human right
Wait!! Do you mean GOP or NK? Hard to tell these days.
So, they're like the GOP of that side of the world huh? Weird how assholes come in all shades.
A lot similarities to this "healthcare" bill then.
They've always said the same about us. But now it's credible.
Keep basic human rights in mind as  you're casting your vote for the disastrous healthcare bill.  Many voters will be watching how you vote.
Agree there must be consequences for Otto's murder and for their absolute disregard for international law.
I WOULD RATHER BE "FEARED" THAN TO BE "LOVED"- The Prince. Macchavelli. data.
Concentrate Ron. Heath care bill. NO!
"No regard for law. No regard for basic human rights & dignity"? It sounds like you and the @GOP.
You know what else has "no regard for human rights and dignity"? #voteno #senatebill
If you vote for the healthcare bill you'll murder people who voted for you. They trusted you.
We can all agree on that. Will you vote to support the right of Americans to live in dignity with proper medical care?
Kind of like the leader of your party and #TrumpCare. Please protect Ohioans from both NK and DJT
At the moment I am more worried about the GOP than I am NK. Do your damn job.
This sounds like a distraction from discussing your healthcare vote
How is that any different from our current administration?
Vote NO on trumpcare:
NK sounds as bad as current GOP.
You could say the same about the Trump admin.  Don't be a part of it. vote "NO" on Trumpcare.
And your point is Rob? We all can see for ourselves how evil and corrupt NK is! What do you want to do? Cannot attack them or WW3 erupts?
As our senator sir, please vote no on the Trump/GOP Healthcare/tax cut bill. Hopefully your integrity is still intact. McConnell lost his.
Neither does the GOP health care plan.
Kind of sounds like the Republican Party in the US.
Hey just like you! Twinsies!
Neither does your proposed law that will decimate healthcare in America. You should be ashamed.
No doubt at all. Most people are cautious enough to avoid stealing in a country with a crazy dictator. Turn attn to ACA #voteNO
Yep. Pretty much what people on Medicaid and with chronic illness want, too. But I agree, authoritarianism should be nipped in the bud.
Senator, Ohioans want to hear from you in the proposed healthcare bill.We need to know you will not take away our healthcare
Shorter @senrobportman "I am F-ing you all on health care and laughing all the way to bank. Now, PLEASE, let me distract you with something"
All you peeps that love Obama Care probably ain't paying a damn dime for it. I haven't been to a doctor since it past cuz it's unaffordable!
You could easily substitute Trump and the GOP for nk into that tweet and be correct also. 
How about we treat our fellow citizens with respect and honor *their* dignity and not devastate them with the #AHCA? VOTE NO.
Neither do some police in America.  Have you cared as much when unarmed blacks are slaughtered here at home? #TamirRice
Basic human rights & dignity.  Does GOP health plan respect those values? Stand up for Ohioans' dignity & oppose this plan.
Apparently neither do Republican Senators. #BRCA
Sounds like your buddy Donald!
Will you vote to throw Aunt Betty off Medicaid &out of nursing home? To get a tax cut? Praying No.
Ironically, neither does the AHCA
I'm beginning to worry about our country, Sen. How do we pass judgement on NK while we're struggling with our democracy & care 4 our people.
Neither does Mitch McConnel and the current health care bill.   I am an Ohio resident... and I'm disgusted.
You just described your own party and the current administration. Are you proud of that sentence?
Similar to the @realDonaldTrump regime and @GOP they seem to to #care and have #mean bills to hurt the #citizens of the always great #USA
No tax breaks for the rich and leave Medicare and Medicaid alone!! We are watching....
Why haven't you publicly disowned the health care plan ? Ohio voters are watching you.
Seriously, at this moment in time no one cares what you have to say other than how you will vote on the future of our healthcare system. No!
At least there's little 'flowering up' of the intent- as in other places.....
You really shouldn't set yourself up for the inevitable retorts to your tweets. People right in your backyard feel the same about Congress.
Like gutting healthcare for millions?
Who are we talking about here? You sound like you're talking about trump.
Neither does any GOP senator that votes yes on this healthcare bill. #
The US needs to lead by example. Sadly, I'm not seeing that under the current administration. Tyrants are feeling emboldened by Trump.
And the GOP has no regard for Healthcare for all - a basic human right.  Remember point a finger & 4 point back at you.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
What is your interpretation of #Medicaid? #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare
.@SenatorCollins to @GStephanopoulos: "The Senate bill is going to have more impact on the Medicaid program than even the House bill." 
#America(NeedsRegimeChecked)First
Could you educate our president on these matters? He totally fanboys over Kim Jong-Un and the regime's oppression of dissent.
Hell, he doesn't even talk to constituents. 
Which is why tourists should not be thrill seaking by visiting there!
Basic human rights like healthcare?
There should be no doubt abt the true nature of the [GOP] regime. They have no regard for law. No regard for basic human rights & dignity.
I really wish you were wrong.
You could describe the current US regime the same way. I would. NK is a problem but we need to check our own totalitarian.
"No regard for basic human rights and dignity"? Wait till they throw all the old folks out of their nursing homes because of your tax bill.
