Don't you mean pad your pockets and build Drumpfs wall try telling people the truth once in awhile cut your benefits and pay then maybe
How much of a tax break does this give you personally?
You have NO idea what the American people want when you're 2 much of a pussy to even hold 1 #townhall 
@embena 
@KG_Smith 
@EmmaleeKalmbach
Americans are also tired of seeing failed "trickle down" policies being shopped again and again.
WHO are you talking to, Senator? Will you please address the topics about which your constituents care most? Unbelievable
Tax cuts for the wealthy won't reduce nations deficit or help fund FEMA or devastated hurricane families. 

Stop broker capital gains rates.
Reminder: Portman was Bush's budget director when they slashed taxes for the rich/corporations, exploded the deficit, crashed world economy.
Rob, PLEASE come to your senses. I have daughters with pre-existing conditions, do you want them on Medicaid? That's will be their sole hope
Get real!  Entitle Americans 
Expect to start at the top
You know let me where you are now. So peering down  towards "jobs? Implies lesser.
Calling tax breaks for the wealthy 'reform' is getting a bit tiresome, Robert. Stop embarrassing yourself with these lies.
Don't you dare cut Social Security and/or Medicare to give corporations a tax break! Do not turn your back on Ohio!
No. American ppl are tired of most of congress being partisan freeloaders!  Work by our salary scales, retirement pkgs, and our hlth ins.
How do you know what we are tired of, because you never give us a chance to talk to you.
Dont mess it up, Rob!
The American people will absolutely primary out rhino Republicans who do not get the job done. You will be replaced by real conservatives
The American people are tired of you telling us that tax breaks for the rich will bring jobs to the middle class. Not true Senator!
It's amazing how confident you are until asked about corporate cuts/taxing the rich. You don't speak for this American. Town hall, please.
Tired of you talking about it, because we know this won't end up helping anybody but the rich. #ohio #taxreform
WE THE PEOPLE know ur all windbags full of hot air. Remember ACA? Put up or shut up!
BIPARTISAN!!
We need healthcare so we can work and be able to pay taxes
We are also tired of you doing nothing about healthcare
But tax cuts for the rich only are NOT what we need!
Big business is not the American ppl, you guys never cut anything for us specially republicans stop it.
We want single payer health care actually
#TaxReform is an inaccurate name. Taxes need to be RAISED, especially on the affluent. Like you, Mr. Portman. Like me.
Let's talk about this and many other important issues at a #TownHall #PortmanMIA
Except you always vote in favor of your rich friends for tax breaks and expect the middle class to work for minimum wage without healthcare.
You mean the 1% who feel entitled to an even greater percentage of their millions?  #StopthebsRob
Wow...can't find 1 supportive response 2 your tweets. Since U won't have a town hall mtg, might want to read you tweet replies. #doyourjob
No - we are tired  of you not leading! We have about a 7-yr memory so we won't forget your inability to stand up to trump. Town hall mtg? 
Please explain how tax cuts for wealthy bring back jobs to Ohio. 

And please show your work.
#TaxReform that helps the LITTLE PEOPLE, right...? Not just funnel funds to the wealthiest??
And an appearance on propaganda TV is a bad look! When is the town hall #PhotoOpRob?!?!?!?!
It sounds like your constituents are hip to your BS tax cuts for the rich! When is the town hall? How do you know what constituents want?
Needs to actually directly cut middle class taxes or it's another cover for tax cuts for rich
We're tired of listening to talk about tax reform because we know it will only benefit business. We'd prefer you talk about Medicare for all
Mr Portman, do your homework. Get your head out of the sand and don't give corporate tax cuts....trickle down stimulates squat.
This is much more important to you and your big donors than it is to most Americans, @senrobportman.  Don't kid yourself.
higher wages = buying power / buying power = demand for goods & services
Wouldn't that create jobs? #FightFor15
No, we're tired of ur failure to get anything done. We want the ACA fixed/improved before U give tax reform / tax breaks to the uber rich
Dude, who are you taking to? WE are American people & we are tired of being lied to about what we are tired of.
I'm tired of being a commodity to credit agencies who fail to protect my information and then charge me to protect myself from them.
I'm tired of watching people like you pretend that the American people want reduced access to healthcare & tax cuts for billionaires.
I'm tired of bad schools, bad roads, ever-increasing federal debt, and being told that somehow cutting taxes is going to help.
I'm tired of politicians moralizing about a right to life that ends as soon as a baby needs health care.
Don't even talk to us about tax reform which Repubs mean tax cut for the wealthy when you all won't even demand POTUS reveal his-oligarchy
You won't have to worry about it after 2018....
Oh Rob, you're not going to convince any of us that the rich need more money. We know it just isn't true.
Tired of getting pissed on by republican trickle down economics and tax cuts for the wealthy. And tired of you kissing up to your patrons.
Tax cuts don't create jobs. Historical evidence shows this. Quit lying.
Let's do this by reducing taxes on the middle class and increasing taxes on the 1%, more $$ into the economy
Are you a robot, @senrobportman? Your tweets always seem so impersonal and basically irrelevant to the issues of the day. Just saying...
If by tax reform you mean give a tax break to corporations and the wealthy?  Just stop.
No tax cuts for the wealthy and big Corps.  They already pay no tax.  Don't try to BS us.  It's not gonna work this time.
Let's go back to the tax rates from the 1960's when there were lots of good paying middle class jobs! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
The American people are tired of you LYING about tax "reform." $ from the BOTTOM up is proven to create #JOBS
http://welcometocollinwood.com/index.php/involved/waterloo-merchants/ …
We would like for you to talk about anything relevant.  Tax reform is nice but trickle down has already failed so let's move on.
Tax cuts for the rich do not equal jobs!  The Bush tax cuts landed us in the great recession! #bushbudget2008 #OBMdirectorPorman
Cuttings taxes for your business buddies  won't make them increase their employees wages, just increase they're own bonuses
I'm tired of your continued support of the maniac in the White House
1-U do not do what's best for the majority of ur constituents. We are at ur mercy. U do what is best for the most fortunate including urself
2-The rest of us will just hv to remember how u vote & we'll vote accordingly.
15%! Corporate! Biz only passes along. Read Schlaes "Coolidge" might do U good to read. Low personal! Repatriation! POST CARD sized form.
1/2 Your tax cuts will benefit your donors and your own pockets. Stimulate renewable energy jobs. Invest in innovative tech, art & culture.
Ummm, aren't you in the majority party in Congress?
With American workers or illegals? DACA illegals? We voted for immigration enforcement. #RaiseAct @realDonaldTrump
I agree we need more jobs. But you can't buy anything if you only make minimum wage. Please keep that in mind. Thanks.
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Unlikely that U.S. lost jobs due to business taxes. More involved than you are willing to admit. Tax reform only for business?
The American people are sick of the rich not paying more taxes and using loopholes so some don't pay any, like current @potus
Return to higher taxes on Corporations and the Rich. Pay down the national debt and raise the minimum wage. That would be a start.
We're tired of tax proposals that provide cuts to the most fortunate amongst us. Only cut should be to bottom bracket %. All payers benefit
WHAT ABOUT BRINGING JESUS BACK?!?
I'm tired of asking for Trump's tax returns! No tax reform till he releases them!
We're tired of *you* talking about #taxreform, @senrobportman; it's clear you don't care about improving the lives of your constituents.
If you don't fix wages and provide healthcare for all Americans it's obvious your real concern is your millionaire buddies, @senrobportman
I'm tired of tax cuts for the rich. That doesn't help America or most of your constituents.
This is a scam.
The American people are tired of partisanship. #worktogether. Americans are more than red or blue
My GOP state rep is bragging about luring a company w/tax incentives of $50k/year per employee for 10 years.
GOP tax reform in action.
I think that's also an example of the "free" market Republicons always con voters about.
We need a Leader Mr. Portman, YOU were created for a "Time Such As This"! Time to Make History........AMERICA FIRST AGENDA 
We do know the rich doesn't need more tax cuts. When do we see Trump's taxes to see what he gains by your tax reform? Vote people not party.
This is BS Senator
Stop calling this planned tax cut for the 1% reform. It's not reform.
I'm tired of your endless, meaningless tweets about tax reform with no details and how you want your sex trafficking bill to pass.
What we are really tired of is more tax cuts for rich people while the other 90% of us struggle everyday. How about doing something for us!
DO NOT BE ENVIOUS OF THE OPPRESSOR FOR GOD KNOWS HOW TO HUMBLE THE PROUD!!!
You haven't talked to us in a town hall, only tweets and the tele hall joke, We have lots of questions and want honest answers face to face.
you actually haven't talked about your plans at all
No trickle down
It does not work
The American people are tired of all the bullshit taxplqn that is nothing more than trickle down economics.
What's the correlation between lowering tax rates and creating jobs, again?
tax reform won't help me if i can't get any credit.  what are you going to do to protect ohioans from identity theft?
I tired of your tax cuts not reform
How will tax breaks for the top 1% and corporations exactly bring jobs back to average Americans? Higher bonuses for CEOs. That's it.
I'd be a lot less tired if you'd get into details and stop talking in broad, vague strokes making platitudinous offers of jobs and wages.
You think !
Yes, we are tired of you taking about #taxreform.
