So, is $120,000 a year middle class?
@senrobportman You have lost your mind. Wages are stagnant in Ohio. Most jobs paying minimum wage to 13.00 an hour.
True story!
You want to focus on job sign Babins bill to delay or repeal the eld mandate that's going to cost the trucking industry thousands of jobs
@ELD_or_ME
No evidence exists showing trickle-down tax cuts raise wages or create jobs. There is evidence the rich get richer.
We're going to hold you to their magical, unproven economic thinking Senator. Remember Kansas?
U lie the tax cuts are for the rich not the middle class u and Trump are 2 of a kind both good lier's.
Turd in a punch bowl.  More debt
 Next Democrat pres you will be screaming and crying at the poor bastard about it. Stupid. u borrow u own
And the consequential rise of the deficit?  What about that?
Goldman Sachs needs a tax break!
You Suck
Rob give it up . It’s not tax reform ... its tax cut to the 1%. Rob stop your BS
Spin it all you want.  It's meant to line the pockets of the wealthiest Americans.  I suspect that means you are getting something out of it
Again: not this bill, Senator. Tax breaks to corps benefit shareholders. Even when it leads to expansion, the benefit to workers is small.
If only you actually read our comments... Tax cuts should be for those that need extra money. Trickle down has never worked, ever.

Really??? Looks like a huge tax break for the top incomes. Reagan-Bush tax cuts = RECESSION RECESSION RECESSION. Ask Kansas
Not the gop plan
Sorry, senator, not buying it.
Helpful #taxreform will give tax breaks to the middle class, not the 1%
Disgusting legislation. Count your days in office
We should see Trump's tax returns to see how much he will profit from the Grabber O'Pussy tax cuts.
Good luck with that.
Vote no on tax reform
I’m still focused on seeing Trump’s tax returns. What’s he hiding?
will Ugive back $3,061,941 the @NRA gave U?
maybe Ucan donate it to charity in Las Vegas victim’s names instead of sending Thoughts&Prayers
You think Rob is going to give up money? Hahahahahahahahaha
no
but everytime he Tweets I respond
it does nothing in reality but helps me get rid of a smidgen of my rage
Wage reform will improve wages. Energy reform will create jobs. Quit lying, Rob, and get to workin
Liar
The trucking industry is getting ready to loose thousands of great drivers due to the eld mandate back Babins bill @ELD_or_ME @POTUS
Go ahead and try it/ while your at it- get your resume together.
The tax reform is focus on the rich
What does a typical Ohioan make? About what you took from Betsy Devos to buy her cabinet seat. #lastterm
You in Kansas senator?
For your rich friends.
#Kansas totally failed with this approach. Bush tax cuts failed. Reagan tax cuts failed. Trickle down #fails. You #fail.
If it's focused on jobs and wages, why the elimination of the estate tax & raising the lowest bracket?
Unfortunately GOP tax reform usually results in money being transferred from the middle class to the wealthy, like you.
Liar and by the way, no wonder you were pushing for Opioid addiction rehab.  All the money you took from Big Pharma, you Should be ashamed.
BS, Rob, we all know it.
But the "president" keeps referring to this "roaring economy" created by @BarackObama as if it were unstoppable. And today we see #23000!
Be thoughtful.   12% base X1.5 elevator (4 brackets). Dividends = salary, and home deduction cap at natl avg.
You sir are s liar.
It didn’t work under Reagan. It won’t work now. #liar
Do real tax reform. Not just tax cuts to the super-wealthy.
What about that opioid crisis Rob? An inconvenient truth now?  How much money did Cardinal health donate to your campaign?
Corporate profits are up & the market is at all-time highs. They have $$ -let's see them create jobs & raise wages before we hand them more.
Lets start with impeaching the traitors.
No it isn’t. It’s focused on donors ask your economist
It is a big tax cut for the wealthy, none of which will create jobs or stimulate the economy. This failure of a policy is snake oil.
No, What is needed is a Real President And u and your Collegues  don’t want to deal with that ??????
Supply-side economics has failed every time it has been implemented. See: Kansas
Using the disprove theory of trickle down economics, you are dealing a hefty blow to the middle class of Ohio. Shame on you.
@senrobportman spouting his . He doesn't even know how much his constituency lives on. Tone deaf . Pushing his corporate welfare scam.
this bill, a bill with no  details is needed to keep the flow of money coming to the GOP  that Trump and Bannon are at war with.
straight up lie.
Senator Portman, Somali communities in Ohio haven’t heard your condolences to #MogadishuTragedy on Oct 14!
Your nose is growing, Senator.  Invest in the *actual* middle class with #LivingWages and #UniversalHealthcare. It's not rocket science, sir
Trump cut CSR payments and now my health insurance premiums are going up 25%. Thanks Rob Portman and GOP for making my life worse 
Oh! The GOP don’t have a problem with that , it’s the Norm for the US right now
No it's not. Stop lying to us about the #TrumpTaxScam.

Uh no, Liar Liar pants on fire! It benefits top 1%. We see U. We know what U r doing. Karma coming to the GOP. 2018.
Why are you always on fox?  MSNBC & cnn are also great!  If you’re honest about tax reform for all, you have nothing to be afraid of
trickle down hasn't worked yet #reaganomics
Sen Portman continues to lie. 30% of middle-class will pay higher taxes, 1% get a massive tax break. This creates a recession, not jobs.
Tax reform is focused on cuts to corporations and the wealthy as the Koch & company want. Stop lying to us.
https://shareblue.com/republican-senator-thinks-150000-is-a-middle-class-income-in-ohio/ …
Glad we’re finally pivoting from tax cuts
Potential $1.5 trillion increase to the deficit over the next 10 years? Ending the Estate tax won't increase #jobs & wages
Doesn't it bother you a teeny, tiny bit that with the healthcare e/o, Ohioans, including children, are going to suffer and maybe die???
Sorry Rob, jobs and wages are currently where they should be. Tax reform will only take away from what we already can’t afford
Still waiting for the jobs and high wages promised by GWB when he gave those tremendous tax breaks to the "job creators".  Calling BS on u!
HAVE A TOWN HALL CHICKEN MAN
Lies are still lies no matter how many times you repeat them. Tax cuts don't create jobs.
Are you still pitching this garbage? Tax CUTS are only for the benefit of businesses and the wealthy. They will do nothing for jobs & wages.
GET A LIFE IN REALITY ROB  OHIOANS WILL BE CRUSHED BY THIS TAX PLAN WE ARE WELL BELOW THE LEVEL TO MAKE ANYTHING OFF THIS
You need to come talk to your constituents.  Because you are wayyyyy out of touch.
Suck it, Portman.
This is how much you sold your soul to the NRA for. How much are the Kochs paying you to recite this rubbish senator?? #ImpeachTrump
there is no demonstrable link between tax cuts and jobs.
The rich don't spend their tax cuts, workers do. The rich don't invest in jobs and wages, they invest in hedge funds. Get wise, Rob!
1,085 days since your last public, in-person town hall in Ohio. I think a town hall is needed.
Tax cuts for the rich are just tax cuts for the rich. Give a tax cut to the middle class with the earned income tax credit--bigger paychecks
I'm just going to keep posting this.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Lies. It's focused on your owners. #Fightfor15 is focused on wages

As Richard mentions, Treasury deleted its own study showing most corporate tax cuts go to profits, not labor income. Orwellian stuff. https://twitter.com/RichardRubinDC/status/919868928763088896 …
Lying. It’s focused on tax cuts for the rich, paid for by massive cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
