Hmmmm...good start but how about a meeting in person with any and all of the ppl u represent?
Link broken.  I can't submit the questions you wouldn't answer anyway.
An estimated 200+ Americans have died in the US by guns since Saturday's attack in UK. How do you plan to prevent that?
How do you proposetransparency for police? Do you support anti-bias and de-escalation training?
We want an in person "real" Town Hall
Hahahaha! This is your answer to the calls for a town hall? If you can't face us how can you stand up to Trump and his treasonous campaign?
When will you quit pretending you represent your constituents and admit you're just a paid shill?
This is as loaded as "moderated interviews"

Host a REAL, IN-PERSON townhall, Rob
And host at a reasonable time. Not at a time when most people are either still at work or on the commute home
Do you know what a real town is?
Coward
When's your next in person town hall?  I mean, when is your first in-person town hall?
Please take time to explain why you aren't holding routine local townhalls during your recesses.
Will you file for impeachment if Comey demos obstruction of justice by Pres or will you consider him above the law?
Is there going to be a live Town Hall? Asking for a friend.
How to town hall 101.
*Set Date, Time, Location.
*Invite public
*Listen
Answer
*Repeat until time end or OH done
*Most important part
Replying on facebook to pre-screened questions IS NOT A TOWN HALL!
You, sir, are a coward and a fraud.
And it's been 950 (nine hundred and fifty!) days since October 29, 2014......which was the last time you appeared at a REAL Town Hall.
Will you post tallies of your constituents concerns?
Coward.
Why do you refuse a public #Townhall? 
Why won't you take questions that are not pre-screened or cherry picked?
#WheresRob
Why so afraid?
Can the citizens of Ohio VOTE to mandate Senators that use social media for town halls be domiciled IN STATE instead of Washington?
OUR POLITITIONS SHOULD LIVE AMONGST US...NOT IN WASHINTON, D.C. They could save us MILLIONS by using the INTERNET, or, stay on military base
Still afraid to have public town hall? Cleveland waiting for you
What are your top priorities for women's healthcare (besides drug treatment)?
How about a public #TownHall open to all constituents even those who do not have computer access or do not use social media?
Are you blindly going to support Donny Trump, regardless, or you have a patriotic oath to the U.S. constitution?

How about an in-person town hall for once?
Our elected officials should be recalled for accepting royalties or bribes!! Regulations for THEM are PROTECTIONS 4 us!!
There is a WHOLE CLASS of YOUR CONSTITUENTS that cannot afford the infrastructure of the INTERNET...WHY HIDE FROM THEIR QUESTIONS?? Rude!
OH MAN. YOU'LL DO ANYTHING TO AVOID AN ACTUAL TOWN HALL, WON'T YOU?  
Did you explain why your taking healthcare away from 750K Ohioans? DO YOUR JOB
Pre screened questions! So you can "answer" whatever questions you want. It will be as informative as a political ad.
Will you be answering any that aren't about human trafficking, opioids or Ukraine?
You keep using that word, it doesn’t mean what you think it means.
I won't bother because you won't talk about anything that's not on the GOP's sad agenda. Pandering to the rich , Healthcare #Trumprussia
Hey Rob, thats not a town hall you putz
I'll ask my boss to leave work 1 1/2 hours early to get home in time...o wait I'm not on Facebook! In otherwords 9-5 people need not apply.
STILL not a real town hall Rob! If you've represented your constituents you should have no reason to fear an OPEN public town hall
Senator Obvious is only interested in topic controlled conversations and gaslighting. A true Townhall setting would expose his true motives
chicken shit
Fixed that for you
I am looking forward to it, too. That will be me spamming the angry emoticon button the whole time as I mourn the death of public education.
STILL NOT A REAL TOWN HALL!
How much money domain have to donate for you to represent my interests?.
Facebook Live Town Hall?!?!?!  How about a live, in person, real life, "live" town hall?
Fraud.
C'mon man ......... what are you afraid of ???  facebook ??? REALLY !!!!!!!!!
?crazy trump Health care. No women on Senate review panel. Bet you won't choose any of these.  If so please tell truth
It doesn't count is I can't show up and ask a question your staff has edited and curated. We're still here, and we're not going away.
Afraid to have a real town hall meeting?? #sad #wheresrobportman
Won't submit any questions. I'll just wait until voting day. I know it's 6 years from now, but I've got time. Stop your train wreck POTUS
Anything to be able to control the exchange to your advantage, right Rob?
COWARD
This is BS.  We want in person townhalls.  You are such a chickenshit. You can't look us in the eye and you want pre-approved questions. BS.
Coward
Can you speak on which sections of the Paris Climate Agreement that you support and those you oppose? Thank you.
I called today and still no comment on the deal which has been around for years.
STILL NOT A #TOWNHALL. Prescreened Qs isn't a #townhall. You need to come and talk to people, who then respond. Breath the air w us plebes.
He's afraid he might catch liberalism. 
What a blessing that would be.
cute, afraid to go in person
Looking forward to the day you have a real  #Townhall face to face with #voters in their communities. Social media is virtually not reality.
Many people you serve work so this is a ridiculous time. Submitting questions to cherry pick them is not a true Town Hall. What a joke.
Why are you ducking us?
Too much of a coward for an actual face-to-face town hall at a decent time?
This is a travesty

Your staff has banned me from commenting on your Facebook page, am I able to submit a question, or am I still banned?
Inconvenient time and pre-screened questions. Way to connect with your constituents. Why even hold such an "event"?
Senator, your constituency would like a face to face town hall meeting. Please honor these requests!
Such a convenient time! People are still getting to their cars or waiting for the bus at that point.
Oh you silly person! You think he cares about people who ride the bus!
Sometimes my Audi is in the shop and I have to slum it, OK? All the Uber drivers give me a one star rating!
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.291
