Just because you repeat this lie won't make it true. Show us where giving tax breaks to anyone has ever led to more jobs. It never has
We're at 4.4% unemployment, which everyone defines as "full employment" because of seasonal jobs, people between jobs, etc. Stop acting...
...like we just came out of the Great Recession (caused by lack of oversight and regulation of banks). Obama brought the jobs back already
As for bringing higher wages, I'm sure employers would just give raises out of the goodness of their hearts if they only had the tax breaks
The way to get wages to rise in a capitalist society is to have high demand but low supply of workers-full employment. Another way, in...
...Democratic Socialism, is to raise the minimum wage which forces raises in higher paying jobs as well. Why would employers pay more...
...than they had to? When American companies wanted to increase profits they shipped jobs overseas for the cheap labor. This is why the...
capitalist system won't work anymore. We live in a global society.
Absolutely. Get It Done. We are getting tired of the games.
Can use #TaxReform to reduce taxes for people who get higher incomes through multiple jobs or overtime? Not punish them for working harder.
You forgot the part about more debt
What planet are you living on ??? Keep on giving back to your corporate masters not Ohioans #spinlesssenatorportman
Real tax reform would be when you tax capital gains, and those types of reform. Stop trying to sell bad economics to us.
You know trickle down doesn't work right? Employers can do the same with less and are not creating jobs. #Automation
Yeah, it worked in Kansas. Oh wait.... no it didn't.
The tax cuts are for the wealthy and they don't share.  The rest of us lose a lot more than the pittance we will get with lower taxes.
Republicans (you) should change rules and stop worrying about working with Dims.  ACA passed party line vote! Idiots!
Sure! Let start by re-funding the IRS, undoing all the cuts it got a few years back. Let's try enforcing the corporate tax code as 1st step
Lol, how's that working out for Ohio's budget? #smart #ideas and #legislation only, please
Is it a tax break for wealthy?
Big tax cuts for the wealthy?
Ya shoulda repealed Obamacare too
Repeal and replace then move on....an Ohio voter
Nonsense! Tax reform to the Republicans means tax breaks for the rich.
We know what tax reform means to you and the GOP, more tax being paid by those least able to afford. That's a regressive tax plan, Rob.
Tax cuts for the rich has never created jobs and never will. Businesses don't hire unless a demand for products or services increase.
Get this done for America's rich people, you mean? You don't work for the American people, your healthcare vote proved that. Shut up.
TrumpTax reform for the rich is an abomination Eliminates deduction for head of household & earned income credit hurting low&middle income
This is just a money grab by the Koch brothers.
You got it right Ray
U ALL better work 2 get Trumps taxbill out! NOT Ryans version either! We've had more than enough of PRyan! 15% Tax Rate across the board!
@CNN @NBCNews @ABC It had better not benefit the wealthy & ignore the middle class as Trump proposes.Trickle down does not work,as you know.
To me it's code for more money to the top and less for the actual workers.
How much are the wealthy going to pocket
Still trying to push trickle down economics. Everyone knows that doesn't work and it's why wages and jobs have been stagnant since Reagan.
Congress should work together to fix healthcare!!! Like we've been saying this whole damn time!!!! #portmanwillthrowusunderthebuseverytime
Read this again!!!!!
Trump scrapping call centers for ACA...this is an attack ON US.  Why are you not stopping this, and HELPING us?

https://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/20/trump-administration-scraps-obamacare-signup-assistance-in-18-cities.html …
How about we start with Donald Trump's Tax Returns and see what reform is needed there first? #taxcheat #donttrustGOP
Don't you mean tax reform for wealthy and businesses we aren't stupid enough to think self serving politicians care about middle class
"Tax reform" means more wealth for billionaires and fewer services for the most vulnerable. Don't lie to your constituents.
Working together is what should have been happening for the last 8 years but your party wouldn't do it.
Like in Kansas?






Well deflecting again!How about not taking away our healthcare? Alot of us will be too sick or too dead to work w/o it! #ProtectOurCare
Thankfully, Donnie is as incompetent as he is lazy. Tax 'reform', as you call it, is going to go the same way as ACA repeal. #MAGA
Sincerely asking if Rep tax plans have ever benefited the econ. I remember recessions following R tax changes. Examples, not vague promise

Yes. Trickle down economics benefits all Americans.  It's in all of the textbooks
All you'll do is give yourself a tax break.
Leave my health care alone!!
Yes and you all should work together on everything! It's called Congress for a reason!
Like you worked with Democrats on healthcare? Hmm?
Show your math
Are you gonna say that, and then stab @potus in the back again? #maga #deplorables @dailycaller @circa @foxnews
Stop talking how about action!!
@indivisibledyt To Rs reform means cut business taxes so more $ in their pockets. Trickle down economics does not work!
Trickle down doesn't work. We've tried it. How about investing in education and job training? What about shoring up SS & Medicare?
Why are you talking about working together when you voted for a bill without hearings. I  hope ohio remembers this next election.
I need details on your tax reform ideas. This would be a perfect topic for a face-to-face town meeting with your constituents.
Nothing positive will happen as long as Trump is in the WH. The world has lost respect for America and our country is in dangerous chaos.
My daily reminder of how U voted to take healthcare away from 22M Americans . Will remind u every day until we vote against u in 2022.
You've shown quite consistently that you really don't give a flying rat's ass about the American people. You've let us down, again & again.
You have your safe pet projects that you devote so much time & energy (& photo ops!) to, but you're supposed to represent ALL Ohioans. And..
you don't. You ignore our needs, our demands, our calls, our existence: your last Town Hall was 2 years & 9 months ago.  
We deserve better
Problem is Tax reform is code for tax cuts for biz which only result in higher pay for CEOs. Let's discuss this... #StateFairTownHall
U and the others are already working together...to destroy our country. We have 1 party. A big group of sociopaths and globalist sell outs.
OK Republicans, you are majority in both houses. Open the door.
Your version of tax reform lines your pockets. We see you.
I agree increase the taxes on those who  have been getting all the breaks these past 20 years.
Give us 11% bump ($5,000/yr) & wealthy (1%), instead of Ryan plan to give wealthy 11% bump ($55,000/yr) & us 1% http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/BBEiI 
You mean Repubs and Dems working together? To benefit real people rather than corps/ billionaires? Yeah, that sounds good - make it happen!
@senrobportman agree we need tax reform for aggressive growth that will benefit all Americans. Fix healthcare so we can afford it please
Funny, Rob higher #corporatetaxes helped build the #middleclass if they pay workers more they pay less #taxes it's simple #economics Read it
So does raising the minimum wage from $7.25 an hour. Yep, that's really what it is.
When are you going to speak to your constituents.  Stop sabotaging the ACA!
Why don't you work with Democrats & get healthcare for people instead of voting to take away their healthcare??? U betrayed Ohioans!
Tax breaks for the rich..we know where you stand. #cowardportman
Jobs are created when the middle class& poor have living wages & can create demand. Not when the rich get tax cuts, it doesn't trickle down.
Collins got in Maine airport for NO vote. You wont get that treatment. Not by OH & not by Trump voters who will turn on u when Trump does
Trickle-down economics does not work.  The extra money just goes to the CEOs and stockholders.
When has GOP tax reform never ended in a recession/depression?
You should have worked for your constituents. You voted "Yes" on repeal & replace and skinny repeal. Remember?
Get rid of the ACA just like promised that's why Trump and the republicans won !
You keep saying this but you never say how tax reform is going to raise wages.
More trickle-down? Haven't you learned by now it doesn't work? Come on!
Pretty sure the more important goal should be improving ACA??? Get it together Senator!
I'd REALLY like to discuss this w/ you. Which day are you going to the Fair? #StateFairTownHall
Your tax reform masquerading as healthcare failed. You failed. I'll never forget you voted YES on taking my insurance away.
You spelled "more money and better beach houses for the rich" wrong.
Tax reform means more money for your rich donors and less for the rest of us.
But senator, is the congress in recess now ?
1.6 billion for a wall, while cutting education & other worthwhile programs. 
#TaxReform does not mean corporations pay less taxes, or that the rich should get a break or that inheritance taxes should be eliminated!
#TaxReform should close loopholes for the rich, corporations, and especially specific industries like Coal Oil and Gas that are killing us!
As Trump steams, Senate Republicans consider new repeal effort
But you failed on healthcare. Sad that the Senate can not #MAGA
It's screwed because you didn't take care of healthcare...we see you Rob
So get busy.
Pres. Trump bashes Senate rules in wake of GOP Senate leadership's failure to pass any Obamacare repeal bill
Senator Portman. Please don't make tax reform a euphemism for cutting social programs and giving the upper class a tax break
Like you encouraged R's to work with D's to strengthen American health care accessibility and affordability?  Not buying it.
Liar it's only good for the rich and you do not care for us only what your crooked GOP dictates & you follow blindly along .
get Ocare repealed -do your job! u will see how important this is at elections-i for one will campaign against you
WO
We need to increase taxes on the wealthy and lower the burden on the middle class

I joined @jaketapper on @cnnsotu for a discussion on health care. #mepolitics  https://youtu.be/gI_2AKjENIE 
Tax reform means the rich get richer-no thank you
Tax cuts for the wealthy do not stimulate the economy.
Can't work on tax reform until @realDonaldTrump gives up on failing healthcare repeal
Just delete your acct and resign from office. No one will ever believe or support you again. #fakeconservative #fakerepublican

When Rob Portman had a chance to take away the most vulnerable Ohioans' Medicaid, he voted to do it. Don't believe anything he tells you.
President's job is to protect us. Your job is to keep POTUS in line and doing his job. NEITHER of you are doing your jobs. HELP US
No repeal of estate tax or alt minimum tax.
You're not going to be able to get anything done until the swamp is drained
He's part of the swamp!
Fix the health exchanges and keep crazy orange menace from sabotaging the ACA.
Tax Reform, GLRI, STOP, CARA, when will your party & POTUS enact these issues you care about? GOP does not care or work, only obstructs.
You can't even get HC done
Nope, means bigger profits for 1% and less services for the 99%. You proved last week you don't represent Ohioans.
It would be a better tax plan if fate of obamacare were first decided
Prove it. The math doesn't support "more jobs & better wages". Portman lies to push thru massive tax cuts for his Koch bros. #taxreform
History doesn't either...
When are you going to step up Rob? Your prez is a deceitful failure.
Your president turned our country over to Goldman Sachs & you want us to believe somehow this tax cut helps the AVERAGE American?
Either lower taxes for the wealthy/corporations or care about the average American/Ohioan. 

Choose one
As they should work 2gether to improve ACA instead of excluding Dems and throwing poor, seniors, children, & women under bus
Your idea of reform involved taking healthcare from millions. You've no credibility with your constituents.
Like Kansas? We know better. It only works for the wealthy.
You are #spineless for supporting #pussygrabbing #draftdodgingdonald. All tax reform means is more money for the rich.
So the page hash-TaxReform - this looks like it's funded by PAC's. Are you serious?
Let's cut the talk and brag after something is present to @POTUS.  Talk from Congress is cheap and tiring.
Guesstimation about 30 minutes to the #Ohio access, quality healthcare, coverage for most vulnerable daily tweet.
I hope you means a tax cut for low and middle class folks because they are the ones that need it. Not the top 1% and Fortune 500 companies.
Here's what your not getting. @GOP has a credibility issue. Party before country & the party is corrupt therefore so are you. You voted yes
Well you don't really care about Ohio you need to stand up to Donald Trump
Impeach Trump and Pence
Flat tax!
How about NO tax reform until 45 releases his tax returns?  Let us see how "reform" will benefit wealthy folks like him.
Republicon tax reform:
1) cut taxes for business & wealthy
2) cut services for middle & lower classes
Rinse & repeat w/ each new Congress
Tax reform means the Koch Brother will pay you a big check They are even having town halls about tax reform You work for them not us
Stop acting like ACA is hopelessly broken. It's not, it just needs fixing in some areas. WORK W/ DEMS AND FIX IT!
#americansfirst #TaxReform We are depending on you to champion the middle class in this process and not the billionaires who run the WH.
When Republicans talk about tax reform it means tax cuts for the rich
Why won't you hold a town hall?
#GOP tax reform means the rich get richer (don't spend).Tax reform for lower income people means they SPEND it and put back into the economy
Trump scrapping call centers for ACA...this is an attack ON US.  Why are you not stopping this, and HELPING us?
Exactly-we the people have an enemy in the WH-a leader that hurts his people is a tyrant/dictator-he shouldn't be making ANY decisions
Your version of tax cuts mean more money for corporations and billionaires. We've heard this lie before.

Susan Collins tells Senate Republicans to go back to the drawing board on healthcare http://washex.am/2viNQdJ  
Tax reform means wealthy people and corporations keep more money and workers keep less.  A higher minimum wage would make more sense.
Minimum wage jobs are not meabt to be a career . There for high school kids
How does tax reform mean more jobs if it only benefits the rich?
Congress should be working on EVERYTHING together than maybe you will get something done!
3 things Trump is already doing to make the ACA fail. WHY are you letting this happen, and messing w/ our lives?
He's not "letting it happen" he's actively doing all three himself. Beware the party toady claiming to be a moderate
So get busy! I'm all about good jobs, but I'm more about having healthy people to work at those jobs.
#RepealObamacare should have been your focus... you know, like you campaigned to do... everything you say from here on out is just noise.
Nope, that sounds like tax cuts for the rich.  I am retired, don't mind paying my fair share if the wealthy do too. Tax reform raises theirs
Money in the hands of middle class, working  Americans drives job growth & wages! NOT tax cuts for billionaires!!!
I'd rather have the wall, it'll will save billions & increase wages. Second would be taxes & I mean state taxes.
Did you read the quote you just posted? Do you realize how it damns EVERY Trump voter since he was the least transparent candidate EVER?
If the @GOP has such a great plan why keep it hidden until two hours before putting it to vote How about you get the @GOP in line, reach out
we won't forget how willing u were to strip us of healthcare and throw us under the bus to appease Trump. Fix ACA. Shame on u
Insurers are openly stating that Trump/WH is the reason for crazy rising rates. STOP SABOTAGING and help us!
@senrobportman +1 another one of your constituents here asking you to stop the sabotage (again)
GOP CONMEN like @senrobportman have been trying to sell this BS since Reagan. 40 years of ABJECT FAILURE have exposed their LIES!!!

Trump is shutting down ACA call centers. He's trying to MAKE it fail, making it harder to get coverage on purpose. http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/20/trump-administration-scraps-obamacare-signup-assistance-in-18-cities.html …
Fixing Obamacare could save countless lives. Maybe focus on fixing that first.
As long as "reform" means lowering taxes for the poor and middle class and closing loopholes for the 1% #TaxReform17
You should have worked TOGETHER to improve ACA.  You didn't.  Pitiful.
Hope you vote republican, not democrat
Are you going to speak with your constituents , @senrobportman ?
Face to face? Not likely.
No you need to reach across the isle and fix ACA.  Healthcare should be a right not an option.
It is a right all u have to do is write a check like the working class does.
Right did u check with Schumer to make sure he wants that u trader

THE WORLD IS WATCHING! YOU ARE FAILING YOUR CONSTITUENTS, @senrobportman !

@NOFAindivisible , @maddow…

"Rather go to jail than die without Medicaid." Portman's Ohio office health care protests lead to 15 arrests - CNN https://apple.news/A-xXjv6tGQ2C_KvN3s3f8Lw …

Portman's Ohio office health care protests lead to 15 arrests http://flip.it/k2iLzB 

#ADAPTandRESIST 
#SaveMedicaid 
Update on #ADAPT arrests at Sen Portman's Columbus office via @IStepFunny. 
Like any of you care about America !
