
You're Twitter bot is so out of touch Rob!  What's up with with healthcare?
Graham-Cassidy is NOT right. Vote no
While most decent Americans will use today to rebuke Trump's twitter tantrums, Portman will instead bury himself further up Trump's ass 
Trump is inciting a nuclear war via Twitter & this is your response? You are abdicating your responsibility as a Congress person.
Starting nuclear war...why do you let your MSM-fueled hate drive you into madness? It's about time this existential crisis gets neutralized.
Why do you MAGA cult morons spew the same nonsense over & over? It’s so unimpressive. It’s either the MSM, Obama, Hillary, or libtards ...
you have no sense of responsibility or of yourselves. Trump could tell you all he wants to murder children & you’d applaud. Oh wait. He did.
You mean the thought police Left? Your cult is alive & well: in the classroom, the boardroom, Congress & the streets. The Left = The Man
The POTUS & the Congress are yours idiot! Your cult has a demagogue as your leader. It’s fascinating to me that the left is called the...
Thought police when you all are yelling about a protest. Don’t believe in science or women’s rights to choose for their own bodies.
I don't think anything fascinates you other than the propaganda of corporate media. Establishment GOP & Dems are owned by the same master.
Still waiting on a statement from you re the graham  Cassidy healthcare bill
You terrify me any time you state you agree with anything they do. We need decent healthcare. The addicts you advocate 4 need it.
@JohnKasich AND @SenSherrodBrown have condemned the bill. Not a word from @senrobportman he plans to kill us all
Trump is leading the US into a nuclear war. You're enabling him. Stop being a coward and stand up to protect our nation!
End your silence! Ohio voters will remember you cared more about politics than us. #GrahamCassidyNO
Oh Rob, what a surprise you follow @POTUS you have betrayed everyone in Ohio with your cowardice. People over party! #coward #pos #voteno
What about the #GrahamCassidyBill ??
Serious ?, have you ever disagreed with something Trump has done or supports? I can't think of any time I've seen you do that.
The people of Ohio want a NO vote on graham-cassidy. Healthcare can only be fixed with a bipartisan bill.
This is why it is vital, my fellow Ohioans to GET OUT AND VOTE!
Put sanctions on businesses shipping jobs out of US, & make corporations pay more taxes.
Vote NO on trumpcare otherwise your agenda for addicts is dead.
Senator, are Trump and @SenateGOP right to threaten tens of millions of Americans with the loss of health coverage? We deserve an answer.
And yet the Trumps won't be bring their businesses to the US.
You mean like China where the Trumps have their clothing products made? Why is the double standard ok for this guy?
Does that include Trumps own businesses?  Not that we would know
But is trump right to hop on twitter and escalate the situation with irresponsible language?
Senator, the avoidance is real. You are showing us Ohioans that you do not care about our healthcare!
Richard Branson to Donald Trump: The Whole World Knows Climate Change is Real
Should have told your social media intern to turn off the auto tweets set up last week. Quit hiding and make a statement on #GrahamCassidy
Maybe you and the rest of Congress should do something to prevent the orange menace from starting WW3
You will be out of office so quickly when the time comes if you continue to evade important realities of the trump administration
but anything we can do about our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico?
What abt G-C?  Vote NO!
Yea-but he's insane
So...where are you on Graham-Cassidy? Lives literally hang in the balance.
How do you feel about Trump threatening to annihilate a nation via a Tweet? As usual, you're missing the forest for the trees, Senator.
No dialogue could force a war.
we have to vote you out of office...don't want to wait...can we impeach you?
HUGE BLOOD MONEY INVOLVED IN GOP REPEAL of O'care.  Needed to offset lost revenue from GOP TAX CUTS to wealthy -
45 is not right about anything. History will totally hate you, Portman.
So...cancer patients aren’t worth your time unless you can wear biking gear and get a photo-op out of it, right Rob?
Helped kick off the fourth annual #VeloSano bike ride in downtown Cleveland tonight! #BikeToCure 

You repeatedly let us know your stance on opioids, small biz, sex slavery and N Korea. We want to know where you stand on Graham-Cassidy.
Vote NO on GrahamCassidy.The American people and medical organizations are clear, VERY CLEAR, GrahamCassidy is a bad bill, bad for Americans
Yes but not while Trump taunting #NorthKorea into action against us. Can you take his twitter account away
So what is your stance on health care bill?
Here's your buddy.
Hey Senator, your thoughts on the Trump admimistration advocating for firing private citizens who exercise their First Amendment rights?
Sorry Robbo, but the Trump Administration is not right on one damn issue. And you're a stooge to believe so. #GOPStooge
You will have to understand your complicity in the death of allies and American military by supporting @realDonaldTrump behavior if war!
#TakeAKnee
#TakeAKneeNFL
#NorthKorea
c: .@NFL, .@NFLPA
Nameless companies make good punching bags.  You stand with a man who name calls like a schoolyard bully, but our nat'l security is at risk.
Sanctions yes. Dangerous twitter wars? No. Someone needs to muzzle him.
Please vote NO GRAHAM CASSIDY
But do you also agree with Trump that the fans, players and owners of the Browns and Bengels should stand for the National Anthem, yes or no
Is he right to be publicly taunting an unbalanced dictator with nukes? Senator Portman, you’re better than this. Please speak up.
Sir, you have a Marie Antoinette mentality Have a real town hall. In person. With actual peasants. 
Yes. Respectfully, they're now 1 for 2,378 in decision-making. #americaisalreadygreat
Is the WH right to threaten First Amendment rights?  Calling for employers to fire employees who exercise free speech??
Exactly which US companies do business with North Korea?
For that matter other than foreign powers like china and Russia who does? Seriously asking here
WHAT ABOUT HEALTCHARE, COWARD?! SAY SOMETHING!

Every major health organization, or Donald Trump? This bill isn't dead yet. Tell your senators which side you're on: (855) 999-1663 
Wrong side of history
#complicit
while we have you here, any thoughts on the health of millions of americans?
or all the americans without electricity?
Have you made a statement on healthcare yet? How are you planning to help Ohioans? Why are you avoiding this? #votenocassidygraham
MILLIONAIRE @senrobportman wants to GUT Ohio healthcare funding by $161 BILLION, so he & his BILLIONAIRE donors can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!
MULTIMILLIONAIRE @senrobportman wants to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS of Americans to give MASSIVE TAX CUTS to the RICH!!!

#ConManRob
That’s to go along with his sanctions on Americans who exercise their constitutional right to free speech?
Protect our children!! #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
