We (and you) already know all that needs to be known. This bill is bad for Medicaid and bad for Ohio.
The only other consideration from your perspective is whether you intend to seek a third term. Because this will be HISTORICALLY unpopular.
.....and we WILL remember, trust me.
1/Yes we will. My sister, brother, niece, nephews, cousins and college & HS friends live in Ohio.   And we talk.
Portman needs to listen to his constituents! #FixACA not full on repeal. We NEED him on our side!!
1- The Senate leadership & Trump now want to repeal the ACA in full.

What have Senators said about this? 
Did you see that the AMA opposes this bill? So does the AHA, the AARP, the U.S. council of Catholic Bishops, and most Ohioans.
There's a reason. We're all counting on you to vote NO on the motion to proceed.
He needs to listen to his constituents!  #FixACA not full on repeal. We NEED him on our side!!
1- The Senate leadership & Trump now want to repeal the ACA in full.

What have Senators said about this? 
Repeal Obamacare! All of it! Get the government out of healthcare, Cost went up and health care went down for the majority of Americans.
Bring back health care benefits to pre WW2. Everybody pay on their own. Nobody gets a free ride including congress
Watch Netflix: Get roger stone and find out about Trump's agenda from the man who had supported him for 30 years
The thing about Se. Portman - he will actually read it.
Reviewing what the Charles Koch told me to do and pretending like I really care!

Please consider a bipartisan effort rather than this flawed bill. Vulnerable Americans are depending on you.
Anyone who was in office 6 years and couldn't come up with a better replacement doesn't deserve to serve in Congress. ObamaCare will die.
Trump promised not to touch medicaid. You can't get chemo or radiation for a brain tumor in the emergency room. #HandsOff
As a cancer survivor with Medicaid, I find this extremely disturbing & unacceptably horrifying...
Fraud.
The quiet words of the wise are more to be heeded, than the shouts of a ruler of fools.  Ecc. 9:17
-see two empty chairs. Would live to introduce u to 2 CincyChildrens patients. Ban on lifetime max saved my son's life. #handsoff
We remember and we vote !!!!!!       Remember this.
Vote no. Ohioans do not approve of this bill and neither does @JohnKasich
As a Pennsylvanian, I wish Kasich would've won the primary...
Couldn't be an easier decision: No.
Or nobody gets it! Business can't pay for it!
SEND it back VOTE NO .  many Ohioans will NOT be covered !!!

A HEARTLESS BILL .
ILOVETHIS
your welcome .  let make sure they vote NO .  and IMPROVE the ACA
Vote no. This is not a HEALTH care bill. Stand up to the GOP. Too many lives are at stake.
Main problem is Medicaid should be reserved for emergency care for the poor, and for nothing else.
Please do not support this bill. It cuts Medicaid, removes preexisting condition support for many and increases premium for the old.
Please see sense and vote NO. Ohioans need to keep healthcare. This is too important for you to vote along partisan lines! 
Likely tons of Pork attached.   Despecable
Eisenstein definition of insanity = the D.C. CLUB. Doing same thing over, and over expect different results.
You'll note it's virtually the same as the one you read a week ago and said no to. It's actually worse.
Senator, it's very clear that this bill is not a good-faith attempt at policymaking. It's not worth of this level of attention.
Show your courage- add an amendment mandating all in the Senate and House and their staffs enroll in the healthcare plan that is passed
You took the words right out of my mouth.
Please vote no on this bill. Ohioans will suffer
Pretending for photo shot. Won't have town hall meeting! Hiding from Ohio voters. Now supports Trumpcare. Vote no!
Voted with party 97.2% of the time. Claims to be a moderate until a vote is called. Partisan politics all the way.
VOTE NO. This bill is as rotten and dangerous as the prior versions. Listen to your constituents!
I don't think he has the courage to vote NO!
Please stand up for us and save ACA, Medicaid and expansion. We need federal health care programs for our medical needs. Not only addicts.
When only 17% of Americans approve of Senate GOP health care bill, it needs to be dead on arrival, if it comes to a vote. Please vote NO!
Stop the nonsense and say NO.  The public, the people you work for, deserve public hearings.
Your constituents are begging you to vote no on taking away health care from the people to give tax cuts to billionaires
This version still has deep cuts to Medicaid and leaves 4 million CHILDREN uninsured. You have the power to stop this bill RIGHT NOW.

3. TAKEAWAY 1: A bizarre, misleading and troubling use of slush funds.
just curious is this how you review ALL legislation or just the big ones
With the REALLY big ones, there's nachos.
at least there is one legislator who reads legislation.  it does help that the bill is under 200 pages.  A short novel...
Praying for you God is wisdom over you
Please #VoteNo  from 44224
Please, please vote YES!
Please say NO
We do not want #trumpcare. Let the Congress use it and give the 99%  #medicare4all
Why not include the @TedCruz amendment allowing insurance companies to offer OTHER healthcare policies, in addition to the Ocare policies?
Please oppose this bill Senator Portman, Medicaid treatment and coverage for substance use disorders CANNOT be "optional." 1/2
We have a long history prior to MHPAEA '08 of states opting, and sadly, mental health and addictions have always been opted out of coverage
If u really read it u will vote no shame shame shame. U r killing people
More losers than winners and especially bad for the poor the sick and the old. Vote NO!
Counting on you. Thanks.
#please vote no
full repeal of obamacare now
Not good for Ohio, not good for America.
Don't be on the wrong side of history because us Ohio  voters would not forgive you for this. So I'm asking you to vote no
We need you to vote no on this tax cut this is not Morrow or ethic To let the poor and children die. So Trump can help his  rich friend's
Your own voters (republicans) will be devastated by that bill - even if you don't care about others, think of them.
Hold your nose because it stinks.
Here is your chance to do the right thing.  All Ohioans are watching.  Vote no!  State it quickly.  Quit with the theatrics.

1. Patient advocates + clinical groups are again condemning the Senate healthcare bill.

The American Hospital Association: "Unacceptable." 
Stand up for the people in Ohio. Have a backbone like Gov. Kasich. And take away Jared Kushner's security clearance
VOTE NO!  It's the right thing to do!
In case u haven't seen it, here's a copy of the letter sent by AHIP & BCBSA to Sens. Schumer and McConnell. Only one choice: #VoteNoBCRA
Ohio (Rob Portman): 396,300 people losing Medicaid. 
History will not be kind to the GOP who legislate murder
This might help, too. Might help to get analysis from experts. Spoiler: Cruz Amendment is a disaster.
I hope he votes NO for my sake too.
Why would you vote for the bill? Is it in the best interests of ur constituents or the best interests of the GOP?
At least you get to read it before voting on it this time @NancyPelosi
From one Cincinnatian to another, don't give in. #VoteNoBCRA
Stand up TO the WH's lies about Ohio Medicaid and stand up FOR Ohioans that will be harmed. Don't contribute to the hurt
And....
#VOTENO ON #TrumpCare #ohiovoter
As an Ohio voter I ask that you vote NO on the Senate health care bill
560 responses; guess how many of them ask you to vote no? Who thinks he will still vote yes for it after over 560 negative response?
If you have a soul, you'll vote NO. Work for your constituents not against them
Please vote no and then work with the Dems to fix the current plan. We need partnership from both parties to help all Americans.
Senator Portman, glad you are studying this. The impact to the #disabled of #Medicaid cuts is huge. Vote no please. #handsoff
This is even more important to the opioid crisis!  You must vote NO!
VOTE NO!.....VOTE NO!!.....VOTE NO!  There, you can stop reading now
You can't wait to see how many ppl's lives you can ruin with this healthcare bill, can you?
Remember your obligation is to the well-being of the citizens of Ohio,  not to the power of KY's senator McConnell.  We are all watching.
Please vote NO! Work with Democrats for a sustainable bi-partisan solution!
Have courage Senator! Put people before party. Protect our most vulnerable & vote no. Then, improve ACA not repeal.  Finally: Single Payer 
Got enough fingers to count all the children that will lose coverage?
#MakeAmericaSickAgain
Vote No, please.

So did Blue Cross/Blue Shield:
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
In AARP. We study, we think, we vote. Urge you to vote NO on this terrible bill.
Vote No!  It will make things worse! Work together with Dems. Do it Right! The people deserve better.
No! It's the same drivel. Vote No ! Do the right thing
I have 13 family members in Ohio. My parents both lived in Cleveland for years. Please stand up for all of them and vote no on #Trumpcare.
This bill is not only terrible for low-income constituents, it's terrible for jobs. Shame on you for even considering it.
What problem does the bill solve and how? The fact you can't answer tells you everything you need to know.
Have you forgotten the Republican
Party Platform you ran on?

https://www.facebook.com/JeffersoncountyOhio …
I have a pre-existing condition and my life depends on you voting no on the healthcare bill. I beg of you to please put country over party.
Please vote NO on this horrible heathcare bill. Governors/health care professionals/insurers say it will be devastating. Please protect us.
You've had 7 years to develop a solution.  O-care was always destined to collapse from its own weight. Very embarrassing
Vote No!!
@senrobportman  I met w/u on March 1st w/ @ocrfa who do not stand by this bill. Bill doesn't abide by the ASKS I ASKED on March 1st. 45840
Be ashamed Rob!!!  So far you have not come close to showing you care about the elderly, children or families with latest health care bill.
Lol Flat Rob Portman....another flat stanly
Senator. We need  Medicaid expansion for those who cant afford private insurance premiums and deductibles, not just help for opiod addicts.
Just think of how many people will die if you vote for this moral travesty.
Use common sense, it's beyond horrendous
and don't forget the misinformation the GOP is spreading when you make your decision
Vote no! Bad for Ohio, bad for children, bad for people with pre-existing conditions, bad for people 60 years or older.
Listen to Nancy.
I hope you're also reviewing the letters from doctors, nurses, hospitals, insurance companies and patient orgs that say this bill is no good
Look at us having to beg OUR employee to do the MORAL(ahem CHRISTIAN) thing and VOTE NO! The people AND Governor have spoken!
There are a bunch of republican citizens counting on you to vote for this bill.
Thanks for reading it
NOTHING 2 REVIEW VOTE NO!!!!!!!!!!!!
Losing confidence in vote for you.
Finally! Someone who reads bills!
Ohio has one Republican senator and Ohio Democratic senator ... and you're going to lurch to the extreme right wing of the Republican party?
Did you get to the Cruz amendments that take away the Obamacare protections that most Ohioans LIKE and want to KEEP?

In case you've been living under a rock: Trumpcare really sucks for cancer patients and their loved ones. https://twitter.com/CancerAdvocacy/status/885603036307107845 …
Please please please remember the mentally ill suffering in Springfield and throughout Ohio! So often they have no one...
Please put the people of Ohio above your party and don't vote for this bill. 1000s of Ohioans are counting on you to not destroy healthcare
Should read what all major health organizations & docs say about it too...or that group of insurers saying Cruz amendment is "unworkable"
REPEAL OCARE!!!
read the part that INSURERS AND YOUR OWN OHIO GOVERNOR DO NO LIKE THIS BILL
Seeing how many Ohioans are gonna have to put a needle in their arm to get healthcare?
Who is for this bill? Not doctors, not hospitals, not insurance companies. Who does it help? Not Ohioans.
Seems the majority of your constituents are opposed to the bill. Will you vote for us or the wealthiest Americans?
Please oppose this healthcare bill.
Pass the bill, stop the corruption of Obamacare. Unconstitutional for government to force participation.
We all deserve the same healthcare that is accessible to our reps. We, the tax payers, are paying for your healthcare. Give us the best too!
Stand up for all citizens of Ohio & vote No. We need healthcare for all. No high premiums, outrageous drug costs & Medicaid for all in need.
A photo opp of you reading this?? Seriously. Let's have a town hall 2 review how this healthcare bill will affect your constituents. Vote NO
At this point I see 491 "vote no" responses (and no vote yes). I hope you read your notifications from your constituents
Please tell us you'll stand up against this bill - as a cancer survivor, I fear losing all I've worked for!
Premiums for some r high & small business can't afford it. Truth is it has helped millions , that's a fact. Tired of the false narrative
You cannot make a health bill work that is based on the tenet of corporate billionaires getting to make even more profits, #medicareforall
I will remember come 2022!! U better do what's right for all of us. Stop saying Obamacare is failing that's a lie. It has problems , like
I am glad to know you are actually reading the bill.
Please vote no! 
#ImFromOhio
Please don't be a coward.  #VoteNo and stand up for the US while ur at it. NOT #TrumpRussia
Vote no! Do the right thing!
Please vote against this bill.
Just get rid of socialist Obamacare
Better than OCare. Let's get it going
EVERY major medical group urges the Senate to start over, ACOG called it 'dangeous' http://tinyurl.com/yajlrq6z 
Please do not let this legislation move forward. Ohioans need access to health care.
Have you seen the letter from Every Insurance Company saying the plan will definitely lead to Collapse!
Ohio voter
Here's a letter to read from 2 major insurers, Senator. They are saying you need to just say NO!
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Please vote YES
Still no good. #ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid
Do the right thing Senator. The lives of your fellow Ohioans literally depend on it.
What I see is someone thinking about taking healthcare away from my friends & family. We're counting on you to do the right thing: VOTE NO!
Nice you are actually reviewing it. PA Sen Toomey tweeted a link "to it" that linked to NOTHING Thu Noon. Please #OpposeAHCA
Vote no for this self employer single mother of a child diagnosed with brain cancer last year.
This GOP health bill still is not right,  it's not coverage for all that all can afford. It's still a shame, it's not coverage for all.
Please spend your time reading the ACA closely and proposing bipartisan amendments to make it stronger. Thank you.
They tried to appease you with opioid funding but it's less than a drop in the bucket for Ohio.  Please vote no!
Senator, you must vote NO on this catastrophic healthcare bill. As you know it will be disastrous for Ohio, and for the country. #VoteNo
The majority is not in favor of this bill. Fix ACA
If it isn't better in any aspect from the ACA, don't vote for it!
Ps.  When Senate exempts themselves,
This bill is so bad they do not want it for themselves. VOTE NO.  No on proceed and no on bill
Get rid of Obama care ASAP. Tax players should have to pay for every1s healthcare. I pay for my families and that should be enough
Admire diligence,but bill is a POS.It will hurt Ohioans(ALL insured, especially Medicaid enrollees PLUS med workers).STEP UP NOW!
Forget the photo-op. Please don't sell out millions of Ohio citizens for your own political gains. Be on the right side of history.
By passing the bill, it will be even more ammunition to get the GOP out of power in 2018!
You know what Rob @senrobportman just pass the damn bill! That's the only way the Trumpsters will get how they were taken by Trump! Pass it!
Easy no Rob. It'll kick 700k Ohioans off Medicaid and is incredibly unpopular amongst the folks who voted for you. Vote No!
The people of America and Ohio are asking you to vote No on the repeal of the ACA. The current Senate plan goes to far and deep. 
Please continue to support Ohio by insisting on fair, humane healthcare, not this hack job they're forcing down our throats!!
Vote NO. Don't fall for the added opioid funding. If this bill is good for Americans then why are your health care plans exempt?

‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
Again, I ask: Will you put your constituents before party?  Remember who you work for and do the right thing.
Millions of children will lose their health coverage. Can you look at them and tell them their life doesn't matter? Do the right thing!
Vote no
bad for ohio
Show some backbone and say no, Rob. Listen to the people you represent.
But can you look anyone in the eye when you're done? And if you vote yes can you live with that decision? History is waiting to judge.
Would you like to borrow one of my red editing pens?
As one of your constituents, I urge you to vote no. Protect Ohioans, don't turn your back on them.
We love how the ACA & Medicaid expansion are boosting Sandusky County's healthcare construction, employment, & services. #VoteNO on #BCRA
provide US the same healthcare that WE provide for you
they gut medicaid? what you need to do is hold a few town halls this week end
Please vote no. Thank you for your consideration.
Please vote no as is. Let's step back, Support what's there, secure the roof, put in solid beams before we start ripping the walls out.
I am 60 & retired, living on a small pension, am not in a high deductible health plan, & do not qualify to contribute to an HSA. No extra $$
Vote no! Don't turn your back on ohioans who need Medicaid, or our seniors & people like me & my daughter that have pre-existing conditions.
You can "review" all you want. Better side with your constituents instead of the dark money and the top 1%. No on this disaster!!
This Ohioan asks you to Vote NO until there is a full and open disclosure, and until there is a CBO report on this rushed, heartless bill.
Get on board!You & @GOP promised to repeal OCare & voted 68 times when it didn't count. Not perfect but starts the roll back of GOV takeover
How does #PutinCare look from your vantage?
@DeanHeller
More uninsured + Less On #Medicaid = A net loss for ERs taking #medicare

They will Stop taking both govt insurance & uninsured
Vote NO!
