Please clear out your DC voicemail so we can leave mesaages and take your C-bus phone OFF its busy signal.
WH won't look into Russia tampering with electoral process but wants to investigate American public instead. Stand up for us.
The Kochs wouldn't hire someone to do that for you?
Hi, your voicemail mailbox is full, making you completely inaccessible to your constituents. Will you address this somehow?
Give me a break. Stand up for the people of Ohio and do the right thing. Oppose this Authoritarian president.
Maybe you could meet with your constituents at a town hall.
no fair preparing for @realDonaldTrump's nuclear war without warning the rest of us!
Is the wood to heat the fires that will warm the room for your upcoming town hall?
Keep it at! Folks @IndivisibleCLE and in NEOH want a town hall here too!
I would like you to schedule a town hall meeting in Cleveland.  I have many questions and concerns.  I have asked before.
Sweatshirt and no hat in Ohio in February. Climate change is a hoax, amirite?
You're still invited to my public school classroom anytime you're in Ohio! (Today, we're presenting science experiments.)
With the global warming heating up Ohio the last 10 winters, you won't need all that firewood. Vote for science!
. @senrobportman are we invited over to sit by the fire with you, or would you like to hold a town hall for us to chat while you're home?
I second that.
So when is your town hall? Or should we just use a life-size cardboard cut out like other constituents whose reps don't care?
100% of your constituents are pissed. When will you talk to us?
better keep stock piling!  Re Election may NOT happen for you.
Survivalist instincts will serve u well as @realDonaldTrump careens America into the abyss. If u had any backbone I'd resist.
Please hold a #townhall anywhere in Ohio, ANYWHERE.  We have a lot to discuss
well isn't this just a slice of Americana 
Have you heard of air pollution? Stop poisoning our atmosphere for no good reason.
DeVos's 1st official act? Deactivate the IDEA website. Good job, Sen. Portman.
your new name is Punkman
I'm so glad to see that you are back home. Can we expect a town hall meeting?
oh, and btw, you should be in Cleveland hosting a town hall so you can answer some questions from your constituents.
Welcome home Senator. Where and when will you be meeting with us, your constituents?
firewood when much of Ohio is sunny and warm? Maybe you and @GOP need some science classes? #ClimateChangeIsReal
your vote for DeVos is a stain on your legacy
How about a town hall.  I will buy you all the wood you need if you just hold a town hall meeting!  Are you afraid of it?
maybe we will all pitch in and get $51,000 worth of wood. Is that the magic number to get your attention?
We talked about this, but it's always easier to strike the wood when you imagine you are cutting taxes for the rich @senrobportman
Hold a townhall meeting.
How about splitting POTUS from his business relationships.  #OldPostOfficeNoGovtLeaseHolder #potusReleaseTaxReturns
Glad you got some time off. How about a town hall next week since your firewood is taken care of? #SaveACA #OHDistrict3
where is the investigation into the Rump Administration's email server?
you burn wood for heat? Well your party does deny climate change.
oh wait.  He's hanging out at his sweet house while we are terrified for our friends and neighbors!

Soooo how about a town hall instead of slacking off, eh?
I am trying to believe you are a good man. This Russian interference Republicans are ignoring scares me. Please get answers
I’m glad you enjoy the outdoors. You can thank the EPA for the clean air and water.
Great to see you in the area. When will the town hall be scheduled?
what did you expect?!!! District ten. Town hall. When?
schedule a town hall. 45224
another one of your worthless photo ops
did you see they removed IDEA from the education website?  When is your town hall to discuss?! #NeverForgetDeVosVote #Persist
.@senrobportman When are going to start actually listening to your constituents? You aren't being paid to be a rubber stamp for Trump.
Glad you can pose for a staged photo instead of serve the best interest of the people of Ohio. We will remember.
Are you concerned you're wearing a sweatshirt in Feb & there's no snow on the ground? #climatechange will hurt ag and Lakes
great photo op. #shameless
Maybe you should have held a town meeting instead and actually talked to your constituents!!
will you please host a town hall for your constituents?
They say Lincoln was honest. Portman?...not so much. #sellout
How about you return my phone call & voicemail, Senator.
When is your townhall in CLE?
can't wait for your townhall. I'll travel in case you can't come here. Tell me, when is your #townhall scheduled? ...
voting for Betsy wasn't enough, she also made you chop wood at her estate. Ruthless! Was the $51k really worth it?
please schedule a town hall.
Great day for splitting wood in Ohio. Go get 'em, Tiger.
make things better forCiuntry... impeach #45!!!
Remember when you voted for Betsy DeVos? That's when you took a hatchet to your reputation.
Your political career is over, Portman. Next re-election, you're OUT. You're FINISHED. You're DONE. #resist
Glad u were able to get some aggressions out! Now it's our turn: No Bannon, No Pruitt. Get RID of Flynn! #SaveACA #TownHall
Take off that shirt before you jinx the team and they break up. Sellout.
I see you're wearing a Cavs shirt.. why don't you come see a game in Cleveland and have a #Townhall while you're at it.
get all the fresh air in while you can before you help dismantle EPA #townhall bring your ass to Cleveland!
Your time would be better spent doing town halls with your constituents.
could have held a townhall to address the concerns of you voters.
while you're home. Consider a town hall in Columbus. No, don't consider, do it.
that's great. When's the next town hall?
Please follow @Evan_McMullin to see how to behave like a real patriot instead of a partisan toady.
my son is cutting firewood and sells it for college money.  Not like city people just expect it to be handed to them
do your job. You work for us.
yes real Rural america doing real work!!  We are cutting next week.  City people will not even know why u are doing this
your job is to represent your constituents, but you won't even talk to us about ACA repeal in a Town hall. #ohiodistrict12
That's great. Meanwhile, some of us are worried about sending our kids to school Monday after you voted for Betsy DeVos.
when are you going to have a town hall?
requesting a townhall for your constituents in Cincinnati Ohio. When will you be available for a q&a? - constituent 45209
we have many people in Canton that would like to have a townhall with you we have MANY questions
there are no words for how tone deaf you are. I look forward to seeing you at a public forum
OMG you found Ohio! Where and when are you holding town halls? We are not distracted by photo ops! Defend your actions to us!
you could probably hire someone to do that with all the money you collected from @BetsyDeVos
FAKE
watch me split wood like a normal person.
looks like plenty of your constituents will pitch in to help you knock out those chores, if you will deign to hear them.
@PatTiberi  @chrislhayes nice photo but we in OH r worried sick abt healthcare & our reps wont come home &talk 2 us #Townhall
Let's axe Steve Bannon from the NSC
we want town halls, no staged photos necessary
I haven't been able to find information about your town hall meeting in Ohio. Can you please share that? Thanks!
the time it took you to stage this photo might have been better used to answer the concerns of your constituents
please investigate Russian ties to the president. This crap is scary and serious.
shouldn't need to split much.  Hasn't been below 50 for more than 2 days at a time.  Keep burning coal
or better yet use oil piped through the Standing Rock Nation's water source...
Back in Ohio and no town hall. I'll split your firewood and wear all 3 CLE team gear so you can go.

@robportman please schedule a townhall while you are at it.  Cincinnati 45044 #WhereIsPortman #DoYourJob
OK PUTIN JUNIOR
you represent us! investigate Russia, Flynn, etc. This is not partisan politics. This is our NATIONAL SECURITY AT RISK!
Know what's also good work? Looking into the Administration's ties with Russia.
hope you picked the sharpest tool in the shed, ohio sure did not electing you
sir I'm proud of the good work you have been doing so far! Keep up the hard work. There are Many Ohioans behind u!
Bannon ? Flynn? Pence ?  Russia? 45?
get back to work
now that you've chopped up education.  Hack away at the trees.
you wrestled the smartphone away from poor Tweetaide is that blood on the axe?
did u use the wheelbarrow to move Tweetaide's body
Do you support any non-lying cabinet appointees, or just the liars only?
http://www.dispatch.com/news/20170212/capitol-insider-sen-portman-comes-up-with-way-to-believe-trump-nominee-mnuchin …
#GOPWarOnTruth
#fascism
.@senrobportman did devos buy u that wagon too?
You should have held a town hall. I know lots of people want to talk to you.
