Idiots!!!! The 7 countries don't have gvmts that function and we can't trust ppl from them, per Obama State, period!
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics Trump is doing exactly what he said he would and yet Portman wanted us to vote for him regardless
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics other Senators, Reps, Givs, mayors you d ways to speak out, be at airports, and help. Where have you been?
@senrobportman thank you for standing up for the legitimacy of our American institutions
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics Amateur Hour at the White House. While trying to "hit the ground running" @realDonaldTrump stumbled & fell.
So @realDonaldTrump made this campaign promise todo exactly what he just did, and liberals say it wasn't properly vetted?
Just because he keeps a campaign promise based on hate doesn't make him great. Just makes us realize how little he really gets it.
did Obama hate too when he did the same thing 6 years ago?
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics thank you rob portman.
illegal means illegal
@Ngoziflem Any document affecting Human rights should not be toyed with.Must be properly vetted.
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics Daytonian here. Thank you for being a voice of reason for your constituents.
@senrobportman Obviously Trump was not properly vetted and you supported him!
More like illcoceived brain fart.
technical or not, it's an infringement on peoples rights and freedoms that this nation's constitution has otherwise assured and promised
Condemn it for the racist garbage it is.
hypocrites bashing Trump had no problems when Obama banned Muslims in 2011.
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics @realDonaldTrump never read the orders he was signing. His puppeteers were just acquiring his signature.

In other words, BEHOLD!! ISIS latest recruitment instrument!
.@CNN  TOO FEW principled @GOP willing to stand up to our exec branch. Kudos to @senrobportman for being one of them. #resist
Vetted???? My Lawrd, the dems bowed to Obama, if he said it they said yessir. Dems are POS hypocrites.
Actually it was, he said it worked perfectly. Stop making excuses for the white nationalist Bannon in cheif.
Obama did this and you were for it. Smh
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics Thank you, Sen. Portman for speaking out. Keep it up! We need rational voices in Washington!
I am sick of the word vetted
That's just crazy Bannon has no experience Trump is going to ruin USA
it's distraction from actual power grab: NSC Shuffle, early filing for 2020 candidacy, Constitution in crosshairs.
NOTHING this man does or says is "Properly" vetted. He isn't my President and doesn't speak for me or 70% of the rest.
@GerardBasalla @CNNPolitics ask him what he's going to do about it.
Please continue to hold Trump accountable to grave injustices against humanity. Make OH proud.
Jeez, CNN!  Ya think?
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics why can't you admit that THIS IS a Muslim ban? Thank you for speaking up at least...
RIGHT/WRONG America 1st YES/NO Wrong invaders& the whore will bleed us no more!No More No more no More No more no more
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics Portman you need to get on board you Trump non supporter!
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics stronger, please, @senrobportman #NoBanNoWall
Support @realDonaldTrump cage drowning/burning vexing/vetting/regretting  the vicious endMAGA
THAAAAAAAAAANK YOUUUUUUUU for saying this @senrobportman
Ya think?? Is the GOP finally waking up & getting a spine? Check out his moves with NSC. ALL Americans are in danger. Stop the madness!
Trump was not properly vetted.
Rob Portman is a RINO and a Democrat sycophant.
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics Sen Portman - thanks + go further- this action doesn't make us safe - it hurts people
lol
.@CNN @senrobportman @CNNPolitics Jesus H Christ. So embarrassed he's a Sen. from my state. This EO is unconstitutional, no vetting needed
@senrobportman "in the implementation we've seen some problems" Understatement. Please lead your party into sanity.
@senrobportman @CNNPolitics watch the whole interviews Portman supports the #MuslimBan
Another weak Senator. All talk no action.
You said it correctly. NOT a Muslim religion band, but a "NON-VETTED middle Eastern immigrant" ban that is TEMPORARY!!!
oh. Then it should be repealed. ASAP. Is it done yet?  How about now?
@ChrisCuomo we can no longer trust CIA, Homeland sec Def dept. trump lies 90% so we know he is half cocked 100% of time
Wow Portman is so casual about it all
@CNN support attack on America with the way they covering this story
How many of Obama's executive orders were properly vetted?
nothing was vetted.  Not his cabinet nominations, not even Trump himself was vetted.
blame yourself @DNC. You gave the ppl Trump. Do a better job and none of this happens. Obama was terrible. Mirror first.
Another Spineless GOP
when are Republican leaders going to grow some morals and stand up for the people against this insanity?
The temp ban is only to find a proper way to vet people from countries infiltrated by ISIS. Have we forgotten 9-11?
then why isn't Saudia Arabia where most of the 9/11ers came from on the list???
aimed at the current diaspora of ISIS in the region
when u don't allow ppl into country bc they come from predominantly Muslim country how can that not be a ban?

fake news!
got his talking points from Koch bros this weekend. @senrobportman
If he agrees with them, wherr was he yesterday when all HELL broke loose??!!?? #NoWallNoBan #MuslimBan
@senrobportman you need to lead an oppose this madness. Quit playing it safe.
@senrobportman Didn't you know this US Code? Imagine that, it supports the Executive Order. #Shocking
it fucking says aliens immigrants with green cards are not aliens.
"Extreme vetting" not properly vetted. We are doomed!
Ya think ??? Is anyone vetting his orders ? Or his mouth ????
Oh boy. Impeachment hearing begun yet?
Bannon is on the national security council. We did not elect Bannon to office. White nationalist do not belong in the WH.
u want vetting??
Ho hum another day another CNN hate story.Blah blah blah.
thank you @robportman for saying what we all knew to be true!
Ya think?
Chaos @ US arpts/Bannon gets seat on NSC, if y'all keep trtng ths ridiculousness w/kids glvs it WILL 1 day get out of hand
this is the problem when you put people political offices that have no political experience. President Trump
Bravo @jaketapper you asked some balanced questions today, now if can get a balanced panel @CNN might regain some of its integrity.
Neither was trump or his cabinet! #TheResistance #dumptrump
...And, they never will be at this rate. Tell tRump to lay off the coke. 
CNN is a radical Islamic terrorist sympathizer. THATS UNAMERICAN.
fake news
Strong and wrong? There is still nothing to extreme vetting but the phrase. No real systems or additional protections or vetting.
Neither were the two brothers that bombed the Boston Marathon even though the Russians warned us.
@jaketapper -- Nothing & no-one about this administration is properly vetted, including *45. He was never vetted properly.
Did the US ban Nazis?
CNN is really on a hate trip against our government since they got caught putting out fake news. Shameful.
tRump was not properly vetted by MILLIONs of Americans. approval rating of 36%! dropped 8 in 1 week. BAN HIM!
i think maybe  better to prevent than cure
#FakeNewsMedia #GeorgeSorosPuppets
.@CNNPolitics GOD BLESS POLITICO FOR HIRING TARA PALMERI. 
Now is the time to read Martin Niemoller's quotation and take it seriously.
WTF? Does this spineless senator not know what a ban is? tRumps EO BANNED immigrants from 7 countries, even greed cards.
You must be against the US citizens safety.
#RememberInNovember
Carry on CNN. Intelligent can determine wheat from chaff. Fake News posters are blindly following their dictator
Nor was its impact on innocent people.  It reflects what Putin would do. Birds of a feather are flocking together.
Where are the GOP leaders
#fakenews
Vetted? A buzz word that enables user to say what he wants
.@CNNPolitics***OMG. !!! WATCHING MSNBC & HAVE SEEN THE FACE OF TARA PALMERI !!! WOW.... SHE IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN ON EARTH !!!!!
Wonder what @realDonaldTrump  will say about the federal judge who issued the stay of the #MuslimBan this should be good
Bannon's pathetic and does not belong in that room. And Trumps Sec. Of Defense is not allowed. What is Trump hiding?
You think? Like it was a poorly thought out exercise just to score points with his supporters?
BOYCOTT CNN
Rob Portman won't stand against Trump until it personally affects him or his kids; same as his stance on gay marriage.
why was it ok when obama did it in 2011???
no the security at airports unused to doing their jobs and were surprised when they had to start enforcing laws again.
@AltDptEducation Neither was Trump's cabinet.
Then impeach the fool. Trumpie voters will be dying in Trumpie wars, so Congress needs to get involved.
DonnieJ, is what I call him, like any good Reality TV Star!
That's what he thinks. He has so low self esteem and is so unloved he has to have people he considers lower. Along comes uneducated whites.
well that an understatement
neither were Liberals and look at the damage they've done!!!!
they went back to Obamas 2011 policy
portmen is still around! you guys really are having a hard time finding "A" lists! hear the guy from N. Korea is available
@POTUS  @robportman we could help lose a battle with extremists by acting in an extreme manner.
Portman patriotism to this country needs to be before being a republican, how much distruction before GOP officials act.
the media is more concerned over refugees than the 19 blacks murdered every 24hrs in America by other blacks
where are his taxes and how is he involved with Putin! He is more of a danger than any terrorist
nice to see that there are still sane individuals in Congress on both parties! Donny boy you are loosing!
Such a dishonest media, OBOMA DID THE SAME THING 2001 IRAQ , cnn did not say a word HYPOCRITES,DISHONEST NEWS.
Trump is playing right into the hands of ISIS recruiters with this Muslim ban! Thought Trump was against radical Islam?!
Why should any sane person want to talk with Jake the Snake a corrupt liberal DNC surrogate.
Lol propaganda bot
CNN propagandists for the DNC can't believe we have a law and order president.
Trump demonstrates over & over how reckless he is. Clearly has an inferiority complex. Wants people to worship him.
bla bla bla another tantrum
Bannon probably wrote order. It had the same lack of sophistication as inauguration speech. These orders are a rush hack job too vague
Pity your opinion does not count...as good as toilet paper in the White House!
neither was  obama husselin who started all this lawlessness.
This is the biggest takeaway.  Can't let this happen with ACA repeal.
ha d you been, you wouldn't be a senator.  Hopefully next election cycle your gone
trump order stands 
#fakenews #OppositionParty #TerroristBan
What's new in this EO that was in place under Obama or existing immigration law? This is all grandstanding.
When ACA wasn't properly vetted was there a single Dem out spoke out against. This is why GOP will always be losers.
Haha you clowns haven't a clue. Remember when your boy Obama did the same thing? Hypocrites & Dimwits
@POTUS has the entire DOJ at his disposal, can't vet an EO presumably about vetting. Feeling great yet?
these people are not terrorist your hurting americans.
#realDonaldTrump #RESISTANCE
Bannon will be in charge of THOUGHT CONTROL for the NSC. Like political officers in the old USSR.
Canada will take those refugees
is that another alternative truth  they are mounting
Jake u r nailing ur ?'s but the "genius republican " is yet tap dancing again and NOT answering anything.

No one vetted the fear mongers in the White House...
Am I really going to agree with cnn on something?
Impech Traitor Trump get him to a siberian prison
No, Senator, President Trump was not properly vetted.
All GOP talking point is Tashfeen Malik but GOP dosn't admit she came from PAKISTAN. Irresponsible to not challenge him
@senrobportman Spoken like a smart Michigan Law grad.
To a fiery hell he is taking all of us, not just those who welcomed him. Sadness and anger are enveloping our country.
TYRANT TRUMP DOESN'T THINK THINGS THROUGH AND EVERYONE SUFFERS FOR HIS ARROGANCE
A temporary ban allowing more vetting is wrong?  In What way? Similar to the Iraqi ban in 2011?
thank you senator Portman. I voted straight ticket democratic except for you. Glad to see you standing up
What nonsense. You @TheDemocrats must accept that you lost & that our supreme leader #POTUS WIVH now rules! #MuslimBan
No WRONG it's not a ban against Muslims its against people coming from countries listed by HMS under Obama as hostile
don't worry even trump doesn't know what the ban is about...!!
loool.. so.. not letting ppl in America is not a ban? It's just a fucked up welcome party..
Sen. Portman criticizes #MuslimBan as program that was "properly vetted"
how many terrorist related deaths have there been in the US  by people from the banned countries?
all the blood spilled ...in furtherance of democracy, was all in vain.... Evil men do.....
Muslims will try to defent their lives and countries, this is not immoral, your troops invaders Muslim countries are!
protocol is secondary to bigotry
It was for the last 8 years until yesterday - remember San Bernadino and Bengazi? #Wall
Bannon the nut as member of Intelligence. This is just ridiculous
Looks more and more like a dictatorial Presidency!
Like most of his orders they are not thought out !!!!
You mean trump didn't think something through?! He has less impulse management than a 5 year old.
