Don't expect to get re-elected. You are employed by us. POTUS is a traitor and so are you if you support him. Stop this insanity. Jared?
Unless your government is owned and operated by big business
And that is just noise to leftist who want full control of the Republic.
Gross oversimplification that completely ignores the responsibility of Congress to vet Executive appointments in a just & timely manner.
Until Gorsuch, then GOP willing to change rules to suit themselves.
So you'll be pushing for Merrick Garland's confirmation then?
Why didn't you do your Constitutional duty and give #MerrickGarland a hearing?
Seems this POTUS is trying to implement policies that are actually against the law. Lucky we have the courts to protect us
There should be no vote on nominee until we find out if trump committed crimes.
We do not want someone on the supreme court that was nominated by a criminal.
our potus is not interested in the law... only his own financial interest
Then why is Congress on the take for our privacy?  Portman $89k in favors owed I guess.
2018 ... We will not forget.  GET THEM OUT!!!  ALL OF THEM.
Um Garland remember.
And what is your job Rob? You probably cant answer cause you SUCK at it. We will replace you soon enough
#NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch  #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch
#NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch  #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch #NoGorsuch
You violated the constitution during @Potus44 YOU SET THE  PRECEDENT for  preventing the right to fairly appoint a judge. #trumpClownShow
Concur. And remind Sen. Nunes that he does NOT work for the POTUS !!
So you, in Congress,  need to define corporations as not people.  It's your job, not SCOTUS, to fix this. Give us our country back.
Depends on what your definition of "faithfully" is.
If he doesn't get 60 votes need a new nominee, not new rules.
Sir, your constituents say "no". We will not be ignored and you will feel our anger come reelection time.
Too bad Cheeto in Tweet doesn't know this.
Just another reason I won't be voting for you a second time.
Wrong again. Congress lets lobbyists write laws after they buy the congressman
And when this country implodes, including Ohio,from all the wreck less law changes and the repeal of ACA, you will go down.
Rob Portman reveals new founded revelation...now that his party of NO is in office. Nice Rob. Now do yr job Russians in WH
You mean POTUS IS SUPPOSED TO......wake up! Take ur blinders off. There is nothing normal or ok about this Pres and his occupancy of WH.
Not if @POTUS  breaks the laws
One of the great lessons my parents taught me, "Do as I say not as I do" doesn't work. Your deeds don't match your words.
Will you hold the President accountable to our laws? We are watching.
Good luck with that #russiagate
Also one duty of the senate is to serve as the high court for impeachment trials.
Take a seat, Rob. Take several in fact. You are a corporate shill who'd sell your left nut if the @GOP said to.  Zero credibility.
This POTUS?   President Trump kicked off his week by renewing attacks on Hillary Clinton and repeating phone tapping claims
Apparently not.  Our current POTUS creates laws by executive order and Congress sits on its hands.
You forgot "and they all ultimately answer to the voters, and they should act with the voters' best interests at heart."
Gee, thanks for the civics lesson. How about you apply some of that and start working for your constituents, instead of your donors.
And no one listens to the constituents.....
the Courts are also required to interpret laws. Laws have meanings, not just words.
Need I remind you, sir, we also have a representative form of government. You ought not forget who put you in the seat of power.
Most Americans know this process but it might be helpful for you to fill @realDonaldTrump  in.
And Gorsuch loves to prefer corporate interests over people interests in interpretation of the law.
thats the way its suposed to work, but trump is the exc. branch and the legislative branch. tried totake over the judicial butthey had balls
Soo, when you have taken seven votes to block patients from care at Planned Parenthood - unconstitutional. #Resign
Amazing that you constantly ignore Judge Garland. This is your last term as a Senator from #Ohio enjoy it while it lasts. #GorsuchVote
Have you seen the @POTUS ? Seriously... the only laws he cares about are the ones that help him become richer... kinda like you...
What is your point.  We all know the separation and duties, if we read the constitution.
No, you tool, the court determine if laws are constitutional or not. Listen to your constituents. Vote No
Also in our republic, Senators report to the electorate, not to the POTUS. Vote NO on Gorsuch.  Ohioans are sad that you only listen to $$$.
@senrobportman owes his entire career to dark money donors,billionaire pacs/corps/lobbyists legislating accordingly-constituents be damned
Very basic explanation that does not really illustrate the interactions between the three branches.
Russia interfered with US election, and the Trump administration is under investigation! We need answers for the sake of national security.
In our Republic, Congress puts PARTY first, POTUS puts HIMSELF in the spotlight, & Courts get POSTPONED 'til next president. @senrobportman
How can POTUS ensure laws faithfully executed when he himself ignores laws? He has no respect for laws meant to protect citizens!
And the checks and balances of that system require you to say "No" to a justice put forth by this President. #NoGorsuch
This seat needs to represent the people - the majority of whom voted against Trump -- if the vote were today he would not be president!
And the courts interpret the meaning of the laws where they are often ambiguous.
You don't get to tell us how it's done when you refused to hold up your end of the bargain and confirm Garland last year. #DoYourJob
You supported your party's abdication of responsibility last year vs. Garland. Until that is addressed, no confirmation.
Beyond that, with close associates of @potus under investigation for suspicion of treason, country cannot afford suspect nominees.
NOT anymore *rump makes the laws & congress protects him This admin has run amuck @GOP allow it NO SCOTUS nominee by FED INVESTIGATED @potus
And the Senate provides hearings for Supreme Court nominees like Merrick Garland.
But in Gorsuch's case, only if it helps corporations.
In our Republic you answer to the people. Not the the corporations with good cash flow. Thanks for ignoring the people of Ohio.
You are blind, @POTUS thinks he can make the rules up as it suits him #parrotthepartyline #coward #trumpisyourlegacy
Uhhhh, Russia planted our "president" &his administration. It's no longer business as usual, Rob. #independentinvestigation #REALTownHallNOW
which branch is supposed to protect us from foreign interference in our free election process?
Do u mean the constitution that states this Scotus pick was Obama's to make?
Have you been paying attention? POTUS under investigation for potential treasonous activities. With Russia. 44236
Big business > we the people, hmm? 
#formersenatorportman
Under Sec of Ed Devos, lack of public education funding leads to basic government education being provided by Twitter #Imfromthefuture
You forgot to mention that PEOPLE of the US elects the officials in Congress and that Congress speaks for THEM. Do your JOB. Listen to us.
Who's supposed to watch the POTUS?....because this guy is a hot mess, not to mention shows signs of mental instability
Thanks for the civics lesson, Rob. I think you need some remediation about your implementation.  DJT ensures maximal personal profit, only.
Sir, you are preaching again! Your constituents said NO, Y do u still go against OUR will? We have very long memories come reelection time.
Yes. This is correct. *45 isn't your boss. We are. Vote and write laws that #WeThePeople approve of.
DO NOT confirm Gorsuch. He was appointed by likely illegitimate POtuS who's policies and nominations should be put on hold.
In our Republic, POTUS nominates a justice to the court and the Senate provides their advice and consent. The latter didn't happen last year
Hopefully the indictments will start prior to 2018 midterms, Dems/Inds gain 2/3 majority in the Senate...and expel every Trump enabler.
Sadly, completely unlikely, but Portman and others in purple states are vulnerable.
He hears nothing . His constituents mean nothing
In our cogress you and your party ignore the will of the American people, lie about what you did and hope we forget. Unfortunately it workS.
NO vote for SCOTUS nominee while trump & co. are under FBI investigation. FBI investigation! In any other era, this wouldn't be an issue.
In our Republic, Congress does nothing, @POTUS ensures that executive orders are signed (sometimes) and the court then overturns them.
Normally, yes. But in case you hadn't noticed, this year - these past two years - have been anything but normal. This can't be simplified.
Is this for stupid people? Should we assume that if we disagree with you on Gorsuch you think we're stupid?
Nice of you to give Trump this month mini-course in civics.I'm sure he wont care or understand.
Yo 140 chars and all but don't forget "donors tell Congress how to write laws".
Russia has weaponized information to undermine U.S. democracy, & Republicans have become Putin's foot soldiers.
#Investigate
