Here's a good reason not to support the current Senate bill. (Metrics from the Urban Institute.) https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/07/07/opinion/republican-health-care-medicaid.html?action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=opinion-c-col-right-region&region=opinion-c-col-right-region&WT.nav=opinion-c-col-right-region …
Sir the fed gov should not b in health care at all it belongs to the state under the tenth amendment
What's your opinion on Medicare For All? And PLEASE protect Ohio expanded Medicaid!
Fix the ACA, don't just repeal and replace with garbage!!
Stop fighting a single payer system.Better outcomes, less costs.  You can even call it a Republican idea if you want.
they will come back when the marketplace is stabilized. Plz do what is right w/bipartisan input & hold public committees.
Senator Portman I feel people with disabilities need to be treated equally and we cannot be impacted on Medicaid because our health matters
Fraud.
Bringing back insurance, but making it unaffordable to many is not the answer. Protect people w/ preexisting conditions. Vote no on #BCRA!
A tax cut for TOP doesn't trickle down. It DRIES UP funding coverage of millions and frees up new $$$ to be passed to polititions PACs. SAD!
Stabilize the marketplace.  With all the rhetoric coming from McConnell, they are running scared.
So, of all the strong opinions you have heard, what % are against trumpcare? My guess would be 99.9%  Fix ACA. It works.
And you'll be hearing more.While we're at it,
The healthiest thing for us right now would be to remove the treasonous president from the Whitehouse.
Quit insulting us. We are from Cincinnati, we are your constituents, we want good and affordable HC. This does not make me a Socialist.
you need to work to make sure the only insurance offered to disabled people for home and community-based services is not cut
#ADAPTandRESIST
Your party had 8 YEARS to come up with their health plan. EIGHT. YEARS. Didn't care then, don't care now. Just name ACA for a white guy, OK?
Yeah we see your strong opinions when you just had your security goon attack the man in the  wheelchair

RESIST
RESIST
How about insuring them the rug won't be pulled out from under them by repeal or stopping subsidies?
Fund the risk corridor.
Fund subsidies.
Stop sabotaging and creating instabilities and uncertainty.
You can do that by strengthening the ACA.
Perhaps you should have a town hall in Ohio
Sir, this officer also seems to have strong opinions.
https://www.google.com/amp/thefreethoughtproject.com/watch-cop-dumps-woman-wheelchair-fellow-cops-nothing-help/amp/ …
Those plans only left because GOP did not work to improve ACA. Was it the color of his skin or the D by his name that led you to hurt us?
Could congress set up a health insurance company?
Please put your constituents over your party.
We need you to work to improve ACA!!
So work with Dems to stabilize the market.  Republicans are scaring insurance companies.  Stop that!
Did @Aetna leave? Maybe time for litigation and fines
I think the federal government should have an insurance company, in addition to Medicare.
Right.  Fund the ACA.
Fix the ACA and not discard it with some ramshackle bill that is worthless, harming the citizens. That's not why your were elected.
Try finding the ACA the way it was meant to be funded. That might help. But, who am I? Just another American citizen.
Sin-gle Pay-er
Rob would be better to focus and deliver on SINGLE PAYER vs bringing back old crappy outdated HC plans. Foward thinking Rob not backwards.
They leave because you create instability in the market intentionally.
Tell your boy @realDonaldTrump to stop sabotaging ACA so insurers will come back. #Goodfirststep
Oppose H.R. 1313, "Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act" which would deny medical informed consent to American workers.
What does this statement mean? Rings like hollow "doesn't everyone" comment.
They left citing uncertainty with the law. You know... because the GOP is trying to ruin healthcare instead of fixing it
They've left OH because of uncertainty because of Trumpcare which is not a healthcare bill. It's a tax cut for the wealthiest.
Keep ACA.
Great idea ! Work with people that know how to do that. Not the 13 saboteurs that wrote Trumpcare. This would work with your help
Why should healthcare be employment based? Nothing conservative about that notion. Dare to be great senator
They left because admin said they won't pay them not because you should give them more
Boy, am tired of "we need to act" Tweets. ACT! Sit down with Dem colleagues & improve ACA.
Now u r talking, fix the ACA
would love to see you work with Democrats and come up with a plan that both parties can "own"...
We need single payor or universal care. That's it!  Kissing insurance company CEO backside has to end.  We are hostages to billionaires.
Just a reminder, Senator - MILLIONS of Americans are counting on you to make their lives better, not worse.  VOTE NO on #Wealthcare
Commit to the CSR's, and other funding to stabilize the market.  Add a public option.  Tweak the bill for the better.  Not super difficult.
As folks are saying here, stop sabotaging.  Start fixing, stabilizing and doing your job.  VOTE NO on #Wealthcare
Let's get rid of for-profit insurance companies. Problem solved.
It would help if the republicans stop saying ACA is dead.
What you need to do is make folks lives better, not worse. The latest bill should make folks question if Republicans truly want to do that.
Along with retaining Medicaid, keep pre-existing conditions in tact. Don't penalize older ppl to tune of 5x on premiums. ie, mild ACA tweaks
Cost not coverage. Not that hard.
Do not repeal ACA. Work to fix it! McConnell's way is wrong.
Your votes are public record. Until you stop sabotaging #ACA, we don't believe you care about our overall health & welfare. #VotePortmanOut
The plans that left had lifetime limits and pre-existing condition denials
McConnell's Repeal first campaign is thinly veiled blackmail to push you and others who oppose his heinous bill into caving. Stand strong!
Plans left Ohio, because of destabilizing talk of repeal and threats to withhold subsidies. Work with Democrats to improve the ACA.
No the moral thing to do is get there greedy politician greasing little hands out of the cookie jar and go to single payer. Eliminate them!
CareSource is the one stable ins b/c they worked w/ACA to build a product w/essential benefits & lower cost other ins need to take this path
Save Medicaid & fight addiction.  Save Medicaid & give our seniors quality end of life.  Save Medicaid & support people with disabilities.
You need to work for us-the people of Ohio-you know Trumpcare is BS
The Senate bill is NOT the answer! Vote no, and work in a bipartisan way to fix the problems with ACA!
How about ACT by putting the risk corridor $$$ back in place so insurers have less reasons to leave #Ohio
We need to ensure that insurance companies stop controlling patient care!  They currently have no incentive to aid in lowering costs.
Plz stop playing this game with ppls lives and Hcare
No.combine all money from all healthcare programs and see if universal healthcare is possible. What would it cost individuals to support?
$540 billion Tax breaks for high income drug and insurance companies while defunding poor, disabled, elderly = fucked up
#Resign
YOU AND THE @GOP SABOTAGED IT. @realDonaldTrump is actively destroying markets by withholding guaranteed payments. Markets ARE STABLE.
Senator Portman.....work with Dems to improve and enhance the ACA.  To "repeal and replace" is a waste of time and money WE DON'T HAVE!
How about working with Senate Dems to fix the problems with the ACA? Full repeal is not the way to go.
Fund the CSR AND STABILIZE MARKET.  No tax cuts for Millionaires.  Keep consumer protection of Obama care.
No, we need single payer!
But you also know you ran and won on repeal and replace.  If honor no longer in DC, judges will decide like in GB if our kids live or die
That situ in GB is not so simply. The kid will die no matter what and the court ruled that transporting the child for non life saving 1/2
2/2 treatment is cruel. Same thing happened here before the ACA. The real death panels will be if the ACHA/BCRA passes. Many will die.
That's easy.  The GOP simply needs to stop subverting the ACA.  Fund subsidies, protect medicaid and medicare.
I'd be more interested to hear your opinion on this: https://twitter.com/deadpundits/status/883738907359268864 …
Read.  Educate yourself, take some Economics courses -
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
Insurance is one of the two greatest drivers of health care inflation, the other being you guys in Congress making really dumb laws.
The insurers that have left Ohio did so only bc @GOP would not provide info and has been sitting on the subsidies. You and your colleagues..
own this, Rob. I don't remember hearing "obstruction, party over country, and money ovr constituents" in your oaths of office. Shameful.
"The American Culling Act"
GOP leaders, including the @POTUS, @SpeakerRyan, & @SenateMajLdr, lie about #ACA. No death spiral. You must face the truth.
No, we need to replace them with cash buyers -
NOT A GOOD LOOK , EH #GOP2017 ?

Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 
This is an easy one. Just stop threatening repeal & replace. Start promising stability. Insurers will be less reluctant then. #SavetheACA
Improve the ACA and they will come!

Capitol Police dragging a disabled protester away without his wheelchair. 
@senrobportman , you arrested protesters.
