Which Ohio, rich donor class or average Ohioans?
BTW, its not good. Even John Kasich thinks so.
Then you can't support it. This bill hurts everyone 50-64, self-employed, children, people with chronic conditions, disabled, poor, sick...
people that are having babies, people that have cancer, people that are abused by their spouses...
Yes - all of them. And 50% of babies in the US are born using Medicaid. Pro- life?
Pro birth.  They are not pro life.  They are despicable.  Disgusting.  I'm horrified.  My poor kids, WTF are we doing to them/ their peers?
This is what scares me to death. The world my son will live in.
Same.  I keep thinking that this nightmare might be the wake up call for single payer. It gives me some peace.
Hopefully, if #we keep standing up & speaking up the tide will turn. I am queasy of the situation where it does not. anything could happen
I am worried it won't turn quickly, and they have changes set for years from now, going to be a rough ride in the middle!
If ACA had been in effect earlier, my daughter might still be here, died 2010. Preexisting condition kept her from being able to afford care
Offer #Naltrexone  implants make #vivitrol  affordable, save tax dollars and lives.
You will have the deaths of many Ohioans on your hands if you vote yes and it passes. Some people are poor, shouldn't mean they suffer. USA
Will you oppose the bill? #Ohio people need your NO vote!
Newsflash, it's not good
It is definitively bad for every American, except the rich. This is a tax policy disguised as healthcare.

Do NOT vote for this.
NOT good for Ohio! Vote NO. Have courage to stand up to a HORRIBLE bill advanced by Republicans
It won't be and it isn't now. Vote NO.
Half a million Ohioans will lose coverage because of this bill. If you care about Ohioan, you'll vote no. It's that simple.
Then you have your answer... BAD FOR OHIO... VOTE NO
That is literally your job.
Why would you need to announce that? Is this press release an announcement that you're finally going to start performing said job duties?
Did you LOOK at the CBO score?  CLEARLY NOT "good for #Ohio "!
-If they promise you opioid funds get those through indep legislation! VOTENO
So then you are opposed
It's so obviously not good for Ohio, or the country, that's it's incredulous that you may even for a second think that it could be. VOTE NO.
Please don't be surprised if this tweet must be used against you in 2022. #Ohio or #Ohioans? Ohioans need you, Senator. Please protect them.
You will prove who you are with this vote. A leader who stands up for Ohioans? Or Mitch McConnell's lapdog?
Since it isn't good for #Ohio, I'm assuming you will oppose it then.
It's not good for anyone, except the rich.It's for sure not for 22 million people who will lose care and the rest of us that will pay more
This is not good for the people. If you have a conscious, please vote no...I know you hear us loud and clear, stand up for Ohioans!
Seriously? This is absurd and embarrassing. Ohio has not spoken, we've SCREAMED: VOTE NO!
It is NOT good for Ohio. Oppose the bill!
How is this good for the citizens of Ohio?
That is exactly why your constituents voted for you, I look forward to your NO vote!!
Here is the list so far today of organizations opposing this bill. I'm guessing they would say it's bad for Ohio.
Since then, both the American Medical Association and the U.S. Council of Catholic Bishops have spoken out against this bill as well.
You really think the Medicaid cuts will be good for Ohio?  Ok, I guess the decline in rural OH will accelerate.
LOL
In addition to being heartless, the health care plan will damage our economy as people struggle to pay premiums and medical bills.
This so disingenuous. Senator Portman was on the committee which drafted this bill. He knew precisely what was in it. Totally complicit.
Portman is horrible, enough said
I actually believed he was too decent to vote for such an abomination. We will see.
If Medicaid gets more money each year on into the future, then there is no cut in Medicaid.
It is bad for Ohio and everyone else, except the rich. YOU MUST VOTE NO
Well, then you'll be opposing it, no question.
HEDGING.  It's NOT good for Ohio.  It doesn't take long to figure that out.  Commit.  Stop being a coward!
Senator, what message do you have for the hundreds of thousands of Ohioans that won't be able to afford healthcare?
Take time to write bill that FIXES problems, work with Dems, open this to discussion, take money from somewhere else. Why rush? Do better.
Seriously? If? You know it's not, healthcare pros, insurance co, hospitals, all agree. Yet you guys won't let them tell you why it's not.
#bad4ohio. #killthebill
Stand strong and do the right thing for Ohio!!!
I don't see how it is in any way good for Ohio or Ohioans
I don't know what "good for #ohio" means to you.But I know what good for OHIOANS does mean. And so do you!!! Vote NO on Senate Health Bill.
Feds don't belong in our healthcare. Repeal Obamacare and go back to free market. 
#FullRepeal
#UnitedForFreedom
It is bad for Ohioans. It will pull healthcare out from under thousands of us, our children, our parents.
NO trumpcare or obamacarelite! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom!
Please OPPOSE!
Where are all the pro trumpcare replies,  senator?  Perhaps you could provide one,  then watch us tear it apart.
539,700 Ohioans will lose health coverage under TrumpCare. Equal to ALMOST ENTIRE POPULATION of Summit County! Vote NO! Not Good for Ohioans
When did people turn so evil? God looks down and sees the corrupt, greedy, and evil people. Seats saved in hell for those people. #voteno
I don't smoke, drink, or do drugs. Have a full time job and still do not qualify for high premium insurance. #voteno
It's not good. It's evil. My unborn baby WILL have heart, brain, and genitalia problems. He didn't choose this. #voteno
Do what's right. This is not good for Ohio. #VoteNoACHA
It is not good for the most vulnerable who need it most.
@senrobportman Please consider the impacts the AHCA will have on the disabled. Many rely on Medicaid for critical services. #VoteNo
Don't bother pretending you care what's best for Ohio or that ur on the fence about this ur vote for Devos showed us ur bought & paid for
There is no question as to what is the right thing to do.  Do the right and humane thing.
My son in on an #IEP for speech & behavioral therapies. Don't stop his chance from having a good life. #ourkids have so much #potential
What about all the #jobs that would be #lost if #trumpcare 2.0 is put into place? How will you re-employ those people?
It's not good for #Ohio I can name at least 10 people I know who rely on #Medicare & #Medicade. Cutting these #essentialbenefits = disaster
I think you should be listening to what Ohio is telling you to do since you work for us; Vote no. It's a garbage bill.
You were in the working group you know the bill does not benefit everyday Buckeyes!  Show that you have learned from your OH visits, vote NO
Yes, #ACA is flawed, but unless you can find one way this bill makes it better, the right vote is no. #AHCAKills #KillTheBill
Hoping you mean this sincerely, Senator. Look how #AHCA is designed to hide eventual damage from the CBO.
3/ This may seem in the weeds, but it's so important. GOP is hiding the worst Medicaid cuts in years 11, 12, 13 and hoping CBO stays quiet.
We trusted you with our vote and implore you to understand that this bill is devastating to multitudes of your constituents.
Our governor doesn't support it. It is NOT good for OH. VOTE NO!!
Unleash free enterprise to empower individuals, not enrich cronies
#Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
Do not hurt #Ohio vote no on the #HealthcareBill. There is nothing that can be added to this bill that would make it "good."
We support change just no caps on care, no preexisting, and no medicaid cuts. #RareDisease affects 1 out of 10 Americans
How much evidence do you need? What is your criteria for grading this thing that makes the decision hard? Low care, high cost, people die.
This is a bad legislation for #Ohio.  Please have the courage to fight for #Ohio
Why it's not good for Ohio
This bill hurts me and others in my family who rely on it. Please make your no vote public.
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket Vote  NO to #SwampCare!!  Listen to @tedcruz and @mikelee #UnitedForFreedom
Dear God, the caps on Medicaid are going to put dying poor people out of their already awful care homes. #VoteNoonTrumpcare
This is great news. It's a terrible piece of legislation for Ohio, so I'm going to assume you'll oppose it.
Based on that tweet when are you going to publically say that you will not support the bill since it is not good for Ohioans
@senrobportman This legislation will affect kids who are our future.it lacks #care stand with #Ohio kids & Oppose this bill. #DontCapMyCare
How can it b good 4 #Ohio when it's bad 4 all the other states? Please think long & hard & then do the right thing. Not wrong Right thing!
not just no, but h**l no. this bill sucks except for 1or 2 things. doubt it will Pass
Remember that You work for Ohio & the USA not the Republican Party We are all Americans, not Democrats Republicans conservatives liberals...
Vote NO if even one American will be dropped!
No! Not like you will listen to anyone that may suffer from your decision.
Good for the top 2% earners of Ohioans...or all, is the question.
Just for him and his buddies.
Yeah, I assumed as much. :(
You and every single person in your family should have to live with this shit bill. You and Trump will have blood on your hands.
You will most likely put party over country and Ohioans.
It is not.  Please ask ANY health policy expert.  http://aslme.org/pdfs/we-stand-for-access.pdf …
What a craven equivocation, Senator.  In what possible world would this bill be good for #Ohio or any other state and its citizen?  #none
Please sir vote no to the health bill. We can not afford these cuts to medicaid. My son is disabled and depends on medicaid for his services
It is bad for the overwhelming majority. I fear you are only listening to your large donors. Take a moment to think. #CantHearYourself
The ACA saved my life when I needed heart surgery.  Please postpone this bill.  It is a tax cut not healthcare.
VOTE IT DOWN
How many phone calls have you gotten in support and in opposition of the bill? Let's hear the numbers.... assuming you check your voicemail
How can you support something that negatively impacts so many of us (your constituents)?  Including annual dollar limits!
If you care about the drug addiction crisis in Ohio, I don't understand how you can support this bill.
Then you have to be opposed - step up and say so... It's a matter of priorities: #Trumpcare or the people of Ohio.
Ask yourself, " do I want a lot of ill people to die because of my vote? Do I want to hurt the disabled, working poor and children?" Say NO!
There is absolutely nothing good about this and you know it! Do not vote for this, you will screw most people over! Ask Kasich for advice!
Oppose it!
Rich Pubs really want those tax breaks don't care how many they kill. Do right for Ohio. Vote NO Trumpcare
Vote no
Help me with this one
Hey Rob, I live in Ohio in your district.  It's bad for Ohio so don't support it.  Are you the senator who hurts the disabled? Don't be!
That excuse for healthcare is bad for every state! Compassion shouldn't be partisan. This bill is cruel and will remain cruel.
No amount of amendments can make this bill good for Ohio. Vote NO.

glad to hear it.
No, as an Ohioan, a resounding NO #VoteNo #FixTheACA
I hope you mean the people of Ohio, and not just those who give big bucks. If you are talking about the people, then it must be a no.
Please vote no

It is NOT good for Ohio. It is not good for Americans. It is ONLY good for top 1%. This helps no one but 400 richest families.
What changes do you propose that you believe would be good for our state? What standard should we expect?
Your job is not to support it if YOU think it is good for Ohio. Your job is to vote as your CONSTITUENTS want you to vote. You represent us!
why aren't you responding to AHAC. As time goes by more harmful changes come to light out of this bill. Vote NO
So u received money from insurance ($382,100)!  Do I really believe that you are not going to find a reason to support this cruel bill?
Please vote no on the legislation Senator Portman.  We are counting on you
Senator Portman: Medicaid is the single largest insurer in the country, most people on it never expected to be  
VOTE #AMERICA NOT #PARTY 
Are you truly in touch with your constituents? Opposition truly is the only path with this bill. Save us from our own government.
You SHOULD vote NO NOW!! Holding out for Opoid crisis $ as trading chip abandons many OHIO CITIZENS & rewards rich.
Tax breaks for the rich in exchange for kicking OH citizens off healthcare & cutting Medicaid-- VOTE NO on senate AHCA
You must vote against this bill. How can you let coverage be taken away from almost 600k Ohioans?
YOU LIE! Drug companies bought you & your vote with $350,000 in campaign donations. You're NOT representing people in OH
Have you figured that out yet? Let us know when you do.
The $350,000 in campaign funds you got from drug companies(who helped create the opioid crisis) bought your vote!!!!
Don Carey. Rocky River.   Vote no
Vote no Senator.   D
The Medicaid cuts ALONE will find seniors dying and on the street without nursing facility coverage.  Is that what you want?
This bill is not good for Ohio or America. Please hear our voices.
Do not be a senator remembered for killing your constituents. Vote no on this cruel healthcare package. Vote for your constituents.
It's not good for Ohio. Don't support it.
OH projections if bill passes: Avg. Premium Increase in 2018 of $550, over half a million lose coverage, including 360000 on Medicaid.
Imagine being on your deathbed many years from now. Will u be proud that millions lost healthcare so that the very rich could get tax cuts?
Sure hope you oppose.  Phasing out Medicaid, a major weapon in the Opiod Crisis battle, will end lives.  No money, no assistance.  Dead.
Reading through hundreds of responses on this thread, it seems you have no choice but to vote NO on this bill, which you helped write.
Good for Ohio, or good for YOUR pocketbook Portman???
you reap what you sew. Vote for the people not for your party.
This bill hurts people with  disabilities. This bill is not good for the people of Ohio. Work for us and not the GOP.
Vote for people, not party. This regressive bill will do irreparable damage.
Please vote NO!
How can this bill possibly be good for Ohioans?   Please vote  NO and do the right thing by your constituents.
Were you, or were you not,involved in writing this abomination? We are not stupid,you know. Now answer your damn phone!
This idiotic bill passes,I will be selling my house and moving. I refuse to have my husband die in a state that does not care about him.
I appreciate that you are studying the bill. Please reject it. You must reject it if you care for the sick and vulnerable in Ohio.
The Senate healthcare bill won't be good for Ohio unless they start over with input from ALL senators, NOT just 13 white men!
Then u will vote NO.  The bill is awful, dangerous, and horrifying.  Stop with replace, just fix the ACA.
Vote no! Improve the ACA, progress is the only option. No more going backwards.
If you vote for this bill, you might as well start wearing a Michigan sweatshirt.  Both are equally good for Ohio.
Vote NO. Denying health care to the sick is cruel and wrong. No way to sugar coat this bill.
Pls vote no on this mean health bill that will hurt thousands in Ohio (my father's and grandparents' birthplace), and millions across the US
PLEASE oppose! You must know this is a bad plan!!!
You were listed as one of the architects if you are going to distance yourself now it will have to be more forceful than this.
is it good for Ohioans that insurers will have the potential to cap and increase out-of-pocket costs to individuals on EHBs?
This legislation would cause many more Ohioans to die of opiate addiction  . You promised you would be part of the solution.
This bill is a death sentence for many Ohioans, and gives the very wealthy a huge cut. How can you support it?
ENOUGH OF THE SECRET Repub meetings to create CRAP legislation that WILL NOT work!  STOP VOTING W PARTY AND HAVE A CONSCIENCE #GROWSOMEBALLS
Don't BS us, Senator. You will vote 'yes' since your GOP masters and Corporate sponsors tell you to vote 'yes'. You don't care about us.
Even our republican governor has expressed his concerns. I will hold you to this tweet. I expect a no vote!
ENOUGH with the hidden agenda of providing HUGE tax cuts to wealthy while the rest of us suffer!!  #SHAMEFUL. #UNCONSCIONABLE
#GROWSOMEBALLS
Repubs need to stop being stubborn children...the REAL obstructionists! Work w dems to FIX ACA! Call it something else if it makes you happy
Let me ask you.....are you as far as you want to be in your career? I can answer that for you if you vote for trumpcare.
ITS NOT GOOD IF even 1 person loses coverage or has to pay more due to PEconditions.  #Growsomeballs #BADbill 
#NOTRUMPCARE #FixACA #YOUsuck
Will be watching you closely. It is not good for #Ohio.
I'm a republican in your state and don't want a  rushed through bill.   Please vote no!
Let me put this bluntly. If you vote YEA on this legislation I will work as hard as I can to make sure you don't get re-elected in 2022.
What makes me think that at the end of the day you'll find the (horrible) legislation 'good for Ohio'?  Just saying...
As a regional economist, cutting #Medicaid will hurt disposable incomes and therefore jobs & profit opportunities in #Ohio.
... that is in addition to your constituents who will die as a result of the #Medicaid cuts. #Ohio.
So, I've been scrolling for 5 mins and haven't seen anyone say this is a good idea. Can you please tell us why you're on the fence?
you already know this is a bad bill. Stop playing partisanship and vote this bill down.
Please vote against it. It's rushed, slapdash, and far too draconian in its current form.
Please do not allow this to go through! My daughter and I depend on Medicaid to keep us alive!
I'm a constituent of yours and I want you to vote no on #AHCA! Please vote no! It will kill millions! I know you don't want to kill us.
You're a liar! You took $300k from the insurance lobby to write their bill for them!
