Hold a town hall coward.
No #Trumpcare 
#resist
None of those protesters were from NY... ALL were constituents. 
You are from Kentucky, but organized an event in Ohio. So, yes, I would argue that he's right to claim out of state influences.
You are correct. I'm also 5 minutes from downtown Cincinnati.
You could be a micrometer from Cincinnati and it still makes you an out-of-stater. That makes no difference to my original point.
I suppose you have a town hall in Cuyahoga County scheduled then? Most populous in the state. Or will I have to defect to @SenSherrodBrown?
Since, you know, Senator Brown speaks to ppl instead of having an intern tweet platitudes and such?
Repeal Obamacare
I suspect we all wish the other well and would sacrifice some to insure just that
You'd hear more at a town hall. I'll give you a call in the morning.
And Ohio ADAPT came with our national friends... and you would rather see us thrown from wheelchairs by police
#ADAPTandRESIST
Then what about hearing back from you in regard to those issues. Please stop this black box Behavior
but as usual your going to vote the way of those that pay you lardge sums of money. and still collect your pay .
My dad is a veteran of the USAF, he has served his nation, his community, and his family. Past 4yrs disabled by bone marrow cancer. Help us
How enlightening
I hope you really mean that and that you actually listen to ALL those that voice their opinions.
We the people,want single payer universal healthcare
Thank you, @senrobportman. I hope you protect health insurance coverage for all Ohioans.
Your Ohio constituents are VERY concerned with the healthcare bill. Please don't support a bill that reduces coverage or increases premiums!
#RepealAndReplace
Except the middle-age(+) woman in a wheelchair who was violently thrown outta her chair bc she was on heavy side n cap police cudnt lift'er?
Put simply, the most important issue to this Ohioan is protecting health of these Ohioans - my kids, both w/ pre-existing conditions
@OHDistrict2 @senrobportman can you really say yes to this? If so, Ohio will say NO TO YOU! 
#voteNOonTrumpcare
Then maybe come back and have a town hall and listen to your constituents. #Coward #Hypocrite
Society at large bares cost of auto accidents, thus society justified in requiring seat belts to mitigate such costs. Ditto health insurance
You know where you could do that?  At a townhall.
Why don't you take a vote of all your constituents see where the majority stands on repealing ACA
Why don't you try putting your country and its citizens before party for a while. See how it goes.
A lot of #ohio needs #medicaid #medicare #preexistingconditions #voterprivacy #peopleoverparty We are watching you Mr. Portman
Get a job. The old and disability our taken care of. Not the dead beat druggies or lazy people
I block #trolls. #buhbye
Dude...you STILL are not willing to do a Town Hall. Can you understand OHIOANS want to talk to you- in person, face to face?
Protect the most vulnerable - must maintain Medicaid expansion. Bi-partisan committee to FIX the ACA. No repeal!
I've called,tweeted,emailed,faxed.I've been nice,cried,gotten angry at your staff. Would love to hear in person about ACA, Russia I'm scared
Fraud.
Except at a town hall where everyone has an opportunity. Why not?? At least answer that. Must spend 1000 a to go to D.C. Unless you pvt
This doesnt seem like appreciation to me please change your tone. It's dismissive & belittling. I take time out of my day to call u #oh12
You are full of it!
Trumpcare is a tax cut for the wealthiest .4%. It's not a healthcare bill
Keep ACA.
Great!  So this means you'll have a real, in-person townhall??
Then have a #REALTownHallNOW. Also, #Ohio agrees that we don't want your crappy "healthcare" bill and we need Medicaid.
#NoBCRA
#FixTheACA
Why do you insult us by accusing us as being outsiders from New York, then? Meet with those who disagree. Learn from Ohioans. #TownHallNow
Hold a town hall then
And only ~10 million of them hate the GOP health plan, so you're probably gonna vote for it, yeah?
And according to you ~6 million of those Ohioans are actually New Yorkers, so you can write them off, right?
Town hall now
Yup, and 3 million of those people in #Ohio are on Medicaid. That's 26% of us. How can you vote for anything that would hurt Medicaid?
Full repeal only!!!
I'm glad, but are you hearing us?  Get out of the parties grip and act on the best interest of the people.
Then why don't you have town halls?
Don't expect my vote if ACA is not repealed and replaced. Tired of this inaction and excuses.
Everyone in this GREAT COUNTRY should have healthcare as a right!
Yeah some Ohioans dislike the republican health care bill and the rest of us absolutely hate it.
So......when is your town hall???
Don't cut Medicaid.
Good! Then put those words into action and work on a bipartisan healthcare bill. Work for ALL Americans, not just the rich or GOP voters.
Thanks for listening and please work diligently to repeal ACA and replace with affordable healthcare and implement tax reform this year
And only @ 15 percent think the Republican health plan is good for America.
Just curious Rob what percent of that 11.5 million do you think support this awful Healthcare bill that your party trying to pass right now
Thank you
But will it impact your vote? We don't have confidence you will act in our best interest - or you would already be a solid NO
I wouldn't want your job lol! Thanks!
We aren't debating bout the weather! When patients are denied health care, discriminated, what opinions you have? Stop talkin nonsense.
Through what avenues are you hearing from constituents? Just want to know how we can actually be heard.
U are pacifying us with your stand by using opioids as the issue. We all know u will vote party over your people, just like u did w/ DeVos
Nearly 1 million (about 10% of Ohio) will lose healthcare if ACA appealed outright. And of course, lots of jobs lost. #SavetheACA
Then hold a #TownHall. #TownHallNow
Um, the opinion on #AHCA is overwhelming negative. Who exactly is telling you to vote for it?
This is a flat out lie because you refuse to have a town hall. You only listen to those who agree with you. #liar
45238 Waiting for a town hall.
You've lost the trust of many who voted for you. How to restore it?
Stop with the platitudes and take actions that are in OUR best interest instead of your wealthy donors! Represent US not them!
There is no difference of opinion.  Unless you mean you and the billion dollar insurance companies that own you disagree with America.
As above, if you appreciated our opinions you'd have town halls to actually hear them in person. Clearly it's not important to you.
please hold a town hall. People want to feel heard
Quit insulting us. We are from Cincinnati, we are your constituents, we want good and affordable HC. This does not make me a Socialist.
Them why did you have your constituents arrested in your hallway? You could've met with them instead.
I'm glad you hear us. I wish you would also listen to the good people of Ohio.
As you shun public townhalls & call protestors "Socialists," you highlight the fact that you come to OH to visit selected constituencies
Hold a town hall, Senator.
Town Hall?
Funding for Great Lakes?  0-ed out.  SBIRs?  0-ed out. Your only goal is to pretend you aren't going to vote to wipe out Health Care. Sad.
I am glad you are standing as a no against Healthcare bill. We need universal care for all.

Sheriff at heart of Ohio's opioid epidemic refuses to carry overdose reversal drug http://huffp.st/fb2y7BX  
Thoughts on this, Senator?
I know u r out in 2022!! U don't care about us!
And it would be great if Congress showed some spine with regards to POTUS.  Out of control.
Ya right, u won't hold town halls & u don't care about woman's health care let alone taking it away from the rest of us u need it.
You do know where the majority stand regarding healthcare.  Bipartisan hearings, improve ACA - that's a NO to Trumpcare, Cruz care, et al
Hear us as we call out to you to do better for Ohioans. It is all connected, minimum wage, health care, drug epidemic. We are drowning
Or keeping electric on. That struggle is REAL for many. We cannot afford trumpcare. We ask the top earners to pay their fair share of taxes
...It is also a cause for depression (which can fuel the drug problem) for the under employed. Ohioans have to choose between shoes for kids
It's your duty to help the majority, not the wealthy. Raise minimum wage, protect ACA. Money is such a motivator for the wealthy but....
I bet most of them are against the bill you will soon cave for because you got extra money to help our addicts. The rest of us need help too
As an elected official, it's your duty to protect those who cannot protect themselves- the children and under employed, unemployed, adicts

Opinions on health care are pretty consistent. Only 17% of Americans like the Senate bill. Vote no.
I hear differences but listen only to donors #resign
When will you accept my invitation to watch a @XavierMBB game at @Danagardens ?
Then maybe you should hold a town hall meeting or two. #TownHall
Over 5 ½ million of those Ohioans would lose health insurance if you vote yes on BCRA. (But 400 rich folks would get millions of dollars)
You hear but you don't seem to listen.
You are going to have to take a stand. You can't keep waiting to jump on at the last minute because now it's expedient. Stand up for us.
Reach across the aisle senator. Thanks.
You never answer you http://phone.You  had people arrested in your Columbus offices yesterday So who are you kidding
Yeah?  Because you don't seem to want to engage with us. The fact that I can leave voice mails doesn't make me feel heard.
The only way u will listen to us is if we pay for your time! $51,000 for DeVos and $382100 for healthcare and big pharma. What is the cost?
Vote no on the BRCA. Work across the aisle to improve the ACA, reduce costs and improve access. Hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for Russia
Appreciate willingness to listen, but remember that after differences are aired, you still have health insurance. Many may soon be without.
You go out of your way to avoid hearing from people.when is your next town hall scheduled? Never. #coward #resign
...while I continue to ignore them for my own personal gain.
Finished it for you.
Then meet with us! You represent ALL of the people of Ohio, not big $$. This is not about following the party-- be a LEADER with heart.
I doubt most of the dems on here even voted for him! He needs to do what his republican voters want. That's where his votes come from.
Then WHY won't you meet with us?! This is stuff and nonsense! 1948 days left. #UnseatTheSellout #TownHallNow #ProtectOurCare #ProtectPSLF
Good for you, Senator. I tired quickly of the opinions of about 5 million of them.
No one believes you are getting an equal amount of calls for keeping/destroying their healthcare.  Another recurring theme-ppl want REAL th.
The show up to actually hear from us and act in our best interests as we have been asking you to do- vote no on trumpcare.
Well, how about doing your job in Senate, instead of visiting w/self-inflicted drug addicts & giving them hard working citizens' tax $$! 
You said you cared about disinformation - call #Trump out on #Russianhack
I think enough Ohioans have spoken in voting NO to repealing AHC. It's your turn to speak to US. Where do YOU stand?
I am appalled by the videos I am seeing of how protesters were treated outside your office.
Now that you are listening maybe you can put us over party.
That's one benefit of this admin. Bet you've never dealt with this level of involvement before. You're still missing most of what matters.
Glad you're listening, unlike your House leader.
7.8 million Buckeyes do not SEEK TAX CUTS FOR OHIO'S 8,000+ millionaires or 400 U.S.A. BILLIONAIRES! "Life, Liberty, and pursuit ...."
Well thank you for that Rob  bet you will glad to get back to D C and away from all of us who sent you there . Your boy #DonTheCon is a fool
We know you don't really care. I'd have more respect for you if you stopped lying.
If political theater is not for you, how do you explain @SenateMajLdr and @GOP support of 45? Cause that is some drama. #countryoverparty
and stop all charges against the sit ins!
If that were true, you'd have a town hall with the general public and not your little group of supporters.
we want healthcare for OHIOANs and  SECURE voter info..O..& 1 Patriot to stand up against 45. B the 1. 
I live in Ohio and would like a town hall please.
Bipartisan bill to fix healthcare for all americans...is it too much to ask?
Then why won't you hold an open Town Hall?
So true, we do, appreciate you representing all of us.
https://www.youtube.com/embed/w14tavy_T3k …
Then please schedule a town hall in Columbus.
You couldn't care less. You will vote your way, constituents be damned!

You clearly don't when you smear your own constituents as outside agitators to avoid debate
Pro-life politicians should be all about maternity care. Why does BCRA decimate care for pregnancy?
I call everyday! 
So you'll have a town hall then?
Then DO what we want not what your party wants
You should be working to improve healthcare, not take it away. BRCA further cuts healthcare for women
We are tired of you only listening to big $ donors. We are tired of begging for a public town hall. You have failed OH. #VotePortmanOut
Except in person no balls!
Then vote no on this horrible healthcare bill and fix the exchanges, Medicaid expansion and work w Democrats on crafting a bill that works.
"wealthcare" bill
All need healthcare which is a human need and right. Universal healthcare should be the norm.Same healthcare,not based on what u can afford.
Very disappointed in your lack of spine with the GOP
OK, that's a pretty good tweet. I do think you need town halls, however.
How mand disabled Ohioans did you appreciate having arrested yesterday for trying to speak to you in your offices?
Omitted part of that sentence, but I only vote the way the party and big donors tell me to. Don't be that guy, Sen. NO on Senate health bill
"...but I'm going to continue to vote along party lines because I'm bad for #Ohio."

You didn't listen for #DeVos you won't start now.
There is only one issue I have at this moment in time and that is to know you voted to impeach Donald Trump! He is a danger to our country!
Couldn't agree more.
If you vote for this health care disaster & hurt people, you will help unite those opinions, to getting you out of office. the @GOP must go.
#RepealAndReplace #repealobamacare #maga
Annnnd you'll still do what the GOP tells you to.
Please listen to the majority of us and vote no on trumpcare.  Please work with fellow senators to fix problems with ACA.
Yes. Please do
Unfortunately you turn a blind eye and deaf ear to the majority of us, Rob. Maybe we need a GoFundMe to get you to do your damn job...
Money, big bucks, seems to be your primary motivator. How much will it take, Rob, for you to put constituents and country before party...
before an unstable @POTUS ...before serving the USA up on a silver platter to @KremlinRussia_E ?!? What price, Rob? 
What? Price?
Plz schedule a town hall so we can discuss our concerns with you personally. Answer our questions honestly. Tell us your positions, reasons
He is afraid of his own constituents. If he was honest about answering questions he would have had a town hall.
Great. You were elected to repeal Obamacare.
The BCRA does not do that. It actually exacerbates the problems with ocare.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
*TRANSLATION* "I appreciate our differences of opinion so much that if you disagree with me, I'll have you thrown in jail!"
And it doesn't matter if the protesters were communists from Cuba: the optics were way bad.
As an organizer, I can tell you they were all 100% Ohio people.
Thank you!
Okay then Senator Portman, Ohio expects you to choose Country Over Party.
