OH would be one of the states hurt the worst under Graham/Cassidy bill
If you really want to provide resources to fight addiction, vote no on #GrahamCasiddy
Are you working for trump or the people of Ohio? If Ohio vote no on GrahamCassidy
Either stop pretending you care or #voteno on #GrahamCassidyBill you can't support those in need & take away healthcare
You may feel safe at the beginning of your 6 year term, but I see you intend to work to keep my family second class. #faker #shameful 
Opioids, Trafficking, Small Business OhMy!  Where do you stand on GrahamCassidy?
He stands with one foot on our throat and one hand in Koch/ALEC PAC's pocket.
Don't Be Distracted!
His bribery scheme means THEM w/$$$ WINS.
Maybe if we get a bunch of cancer patients in one place with a few cameras for a photo-op you will answer our questions on #GrahamCassidy.
Sorry, he'll vote with the party. Sucks.
You could have respected the displaced workers more THEN the Pharma & doctors in Pain Clinics in southern Ohio.
You are hiding.
Work for us.
You are such a con you tweet this and then support taking away vital coverage. Can't wait to watch your career end in 2018. #GrahamCasiddy
Save our healthcare. Drug programs r great, but I'll die without insurance & can't afford 2 b in a pool that can charge anything.
If this is an attempt to cover your butt for voting for Cassidy-Graham next week, it's pretty weak. Don't abandon us, Rob. Vote No.
What about # Graham Cassidy? It'll take resources away from those on the front line of the opioid battle, but as far as we know you're a yes
Age tax means Ohio seniors will not have healthcare. We will have to do without lifesaving care and medicines. VOTE NO
We'll see if you truly care about your constituents when you vote on #GrahamCasiddy. Vote NO!
legalize. I thought you understood what freedom means.
If you truly want to support opiod crisis, then vote NO on Graham/Cassidy!!!! PLEASE!! #GrahamCassidyNO

The #opioidcrisis is going to require affordable access to #healthcare. #NoGrahamCassidy #FixACA
Kicking Ohioans off of Medicaid and making drug addition a pre-existing condition will make Ohio's opioid crisis worse. Vote NO on #Trumpare
He watched as greed took our jobs!
He didn't act until POLICE started complaining about volume of OD's.
NOW , he will exchange elderly care?
I hope he votes NO on graham-cassidy-trump-ryan deathcare.
Having healthcare is a good start.
What happens if treatment options are not covered & addicts denied under preexisting conditions standards? #NoGrahamCassidy
You're not even described as leaning to NO in media. . . .what are you thinking Senator? Only your donors know for sure?  Mess of pottage.
Vote no on trumpcare please. People in Ohio are counting on you.
if you got something better than obamacare lets hear it
This new bill upends insurance markets and still really screws over OH and WV. How do Portman & Capito look their voters in eye & vote  yes?
Where is your comment on the real issue and how you can justify being a party puppet?#GrahamCassidy
Rob Portman trying to offer himself cover for next week's vote @jonlovett @jonfavs @danpfeiffer 

This is pretty pathetic. #GrahamCassidy
Don't really know what you stand for, but it does appear you're perfectly will to abolish funding for opioid treatment. Was it about photos?
Well, they shouldn't count any anymore funding.  You'll vote to make sure of that.....all talk no voting record to back it up
You don't want pepole to get help.  You've made that blatantly clear by not coming out against #GrahamCassidy!
*people!
Smdh
Why is it auto-correct only kicks in at inopportune joments?
If you care about the Opioid Crisis then vote NO in GrahamCassidy. Otherwise your hypocrisy will show.
Why are you taking healthcare away from cancer patients?
My mother, who has RA & is one of your constituents, will be penalized out of her healthcare. Her preexisting condition will  raise the rate
then stand with @JohnKasich and vote no on Graham Cassidy. Plus this
NEW- JUST OUT: Letter from current & former insurance commissioners.
"Severe disruption"
"Sharp premium increases"…
This non-action about the health care repeal, tells where you stand. #coward
What's your stance on Cassidy-Graham's plan to destroy Medicaid & enable insurers to charge prohibitively expensive premiums for sick folks?
Vote No on Graham Cassidy!
Yes, a bill passed in 1997 IS doing good! I'd like to talk about 2017 & #GrahamCassidy why don't you want to talk about it?
How are you planning to provide healthcare to drug addicted parents without Medicaid?
Since you (rightly) feel so strongly about this, will you be voting no on #GrahamCassidy?
Ensuring #GrahamCasiddy doesn't become law is also necessary as a minimum in the fight against the opiod crisis in Ohio and the country.
Legalize marijuana--opioid use and ODs go down, tax revenue goes up.  It works.  Ask CO.  Drug-Free' would also mean alcohol-free.
You are like a broken record! What do think about Cassidy/ Graham healthcare bill and the stupidity in the White House .
Senator, You realize folks that have struggled with addiction need insurance coverage.#VoteNo #GrahamCassidyBill
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Not
I don't trust your intentions on this unless you vote no on graham Cassidy
What about kids?! #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
LYIN' @senrobportman doesn't care that opioid funding has been stripped from G-C, he still wants to STEAL your healthcare for his TAX CUT!!!
"proven, evidence-based, community-oriented and accountable program that reduces substance abuse among our nation’s youth" Thx Senator!
Coverage won't be available if you destroy ACA. You are still quiet on how u will vote
I don't know why you remain silent on current push for Cassidy/Graham. You can't fight opioid crisis u promise to resolve w/ out Medicaid
He's waiting for the real heroes to take a stand so he doesn't have to.  He follows his checkbook for voting.  It's what all the cowards do
You're right. He did that before.  He came out to oppose a bill that already had enough No votes to sink it & he received praise
He didn't receive praise from me .  We see you @senrobportman !
Also preserve Medicaid and vote NO to #CassidyGraham #CassidyGrahamBill
and medicaid?
and guaranteed coverage of substance abuse treatment?
Your constituents want to hear that you are voting NO on Graham Cassidy.
If you actually cared about the health of our communities, you'd publicly oppose Graham Cassidy.
And the Cassidy-Graham healthcare raises premiums $20k for for drug dependency.  Whatcha going to do Rob?
#TakeAKnee
Medicaid, which Graham Cassidy slashes provides many resources for opiod addiction. If you are serious about this issue you must VOTE NO
This means nothing if you vote for Graham-Cassidy. It has no opioid funding, kills Medicaid, and harms Ohioans.
Addicts need to he treated as victims of a disease, not as criminals. Dealers, on the other hand, should face execution of found guilty.
These two simple measures will end the crisis in record time.
No, please stop posting.
We need a Racism-Free White House program to provide resources to those on the front lines of battling #WhiteSupremacy
And I hope your veto against Graham-Cassidy will continue supporting the frontline for every American, right?
CONMAN @senrobportman voted to STEAL coverage from 200,000 Ohioans a year receiving substance abuse treatment through Medicaid!!!

