I'm ashamed to call you my senator.
There's a mountain of evidence why your plans and approach suck. A full page ad today in NYT by every major health advocacy group....1/2
GOP Governors coming out publicly against it. A terrible CBO score, and mass disapproval. Yet, you somehow know better? That's your story? 2
If you want to sell us out, just say so. If you're moving forward with the Emperor and his new clothes, we already know.
I have a gorgeous bridge in Brooklyn to sell you Rob! You are smarter than this, stand up for Ohioans. You owe us not GOP
I want more than "access" for the most vulnerable, Senator.. AND I want this to be a transparent process. What about our aging populace?.
Face it, Senator. Your party has a KOCH ADDICTION.  There is help, but you need to first admit you have a problem.
So he literally is a Koch holster?
hahaha, perhaps. I guess we'll see if he can reverse course but perhaps..
You are just another Party sell out.  The reason we ended up here is because of partisan politics.   YOU SUCK
What about those of us with preexisting conditions and are over 60? Are we to just quietly die?
Do the right thing.  For the people.  Not the lobbyists!
Sit down with Dem.s and work on ACA. THIS BACK ROOM SHIT NEEDS TO STOP
I guess if you are someone who is sick because of no fault of your own. We mean nothing to you.
You give to the RICH and steal from the POOR #SELLOUT
Not good enough. Still sacrifices coverage for millions to give massive tax breaks to billionaires. #WeDeserveBetter!
Return to regular order is the way to proceed. Transparent bipartisan work is needed.
Does someone in your family have to be devastated by healthcare costs before you have an epiphany? https://www.csmonitor.com/layout/set/amphtml/USA/Politics/DC-Decoder/2013/0325/Coming-out-How-Sen.-Rob-Portman-s-gay-son-charted-his-path …
You betrayed us and I will do everything in my power to see you are voted out. GOP = greed lies selfish traitors all .Hoped you have morals
You've failed Ohio, again.
This is so wrong! Fix the ACA. Equal health care for all!
I hope that Republicans that participates in the slaughtering of sick Americans gets what they deserve.  Dems are the example of that
Pretty vague Tweet about Healthcare debate vote. Is it because your Party and you are planning on taking away Healthcare from Ohioans?
You are turning your back on millions of people with Type 1 Diabetes like my grandchild. Shame!
That link wasn't to an amendment, it was to a hope. I thought you'd have an idea how to fix it, not "Gee, I'll vote yes and we'll see!"

If GOP votes to proceed to a bill w/ no text, no hearings, no CBO score, no clarity on Byrd rule, they deserve the fiasco they're inviting.
GOP health plan is NOT pleasing. It sucks. McConnell/GOP just want to get back at Obama for trying to do what's right for our country.
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBUMMERCARE!!!
Fraud.
Shame on you Portman
.@senrobportman

Keep calling, Ohio!!!

http://portman.senate.gov/public/index.c …
They don't answer most of the time. But you can hopefully get the mailbox and the fax machine works (Hint, hint)
Portman is my only Congressional representative who has never responded to my calls, emails, or faxes.
Same. Any time my family ever contacted Sherrod Brown or Mike DeWine, we always got a prompt reply w helpful suggestions. Portman's a sham.
what about the rest of Ohioans? You sold us out. I will not vote for you again.
YOU SUCK
#vote2018 hey hey ho ho rob Portman had got to go
Dear @senrobportman, I wish you would have had real conversations with your constituents (not just donors and/or supporters).
Umm his supporters is how he got in.
Ohioans are displeased to be losing health insurance for their kids with special needs. But how nice that you're pleased.
You are now part of the Coward caucus
I crossed my party lines to vote for you.  I seriously regret that mistake!
History will remember the sack of shit who sold out his constituents health and well beings for profit while refusing to speak to them
McCain gave an impassioned speech about not listening to the "bombastic" people on the internet, but that's wrong. WE R THE PEOPLE!
These GOP Senators voted NO on Repeal & Replace tonight...
Portman voted YES twice today!!
The problem is that not all voted no because they disagreed with the direction of the bill. Some (Cotton) wanted it even more draconian.
If you don't include Dems/Ind in the process then what a missed opp to show the Amer people that our Leg branch works 2gether for all of us
Thanks for offering a somewhat softening amendment, but it does not make up for the meanness of BRCA. Repair ACA, not repeal and replace!
We want something better, not BS concessions. The con is over, gig is up. Either you're a creator or destroyer. Ur on the destructive path.
Do you even BOTHER to check what CBO has to say about this? You're moron if you don't see this RAISING premiums
Check out reactions to your post on FB--that is a quick poll of your constituents-1.3K are ANGRY 123 are sad, 330 like, 18 love it. LISTEN!!
I am so disappointed in you and the GOP!  You guys are heartless!  Greed must be a powerful drug!
I have a long memory and I vote in Ohio.  I will work tirelessly to unseat you.
Shame, Shame, Shame on you and the Grand ol' Party!!!
Well we see you picked party over country yet again, who is running against you?Can't wait to campaign for them since you care so little
Spare us your excuses. Tell the truth party politics are more important to you than people.
has sided with big business, big money at expense of the citizens of Ohio.
Your amendment failed, now what, Baby Killer?
I a pleased to know I won't have to see you win another election.
it's clear the senator is in over his head. He reps a sane state and the crazies don't listen to compromise
I will be pleased to vote you out. U don't represent your constituents. U respresent your own agenda & pockets. No town halls. Fake Senator.
You need to start working for the people of Ohio, not your party!
You have betrayed Ohioans & apparently lied about concern for opioid crisis. Not fooled by you. Deeply disappointed.
WHY are you Pleased?? I see MOST of Your constuents begging you to VOTE NO on HR1628(ANY version). #PortmanVoteNo
COMPANIES LEFT THE EXCHANGES BECAUSE Rs SABOTAGE THE SYSTEM. Coward. Liar. Lapdog.
How is it possible to debate a bill that has yet to exist?  What's happened to our democracy?
Just like the commitment from Scott Pruitt before he gutted the EPA and Great Lakes region. UGH!
You should be ashamed of how you voted tonight. I am certainly ashamed to have you as my senator. Do what is right for Ohioans!
Remember when you pretended to give a shit about the opioid epidemic, Rob? When slashing funding for healthcare, how many more will die?
Your vote in favor of #BCRA is the last straw for me. You have now endorsed a plan opposed by a huge majority of Ohioans. #Sad
This is a cop out and can't wait till 2022 to vote you out of office. #ohioans deserve better
Your cowardly spin is going to spin you out of office. It's sad. You could have been known as a forthright moderate. Now milktoast wimp.
.@senrobportman Respectfully disagree. 1/2 of your caucus wants to go back to private insurance only and 1/2 talk like you. Single Payer now
A terrible abdication of your responsibility to the citizens of Ohio.
I knew when the rubber hit the road that you would fold.  Total coward, putting party and the conman-in-chief before the people of Ohio.
Why should you believe them now?
(44048)
Time will tell, & if premiums &/or deductibles are higher (as the estimates show), it will be too late for your constituents. & your seat.
So you ignore the CBO, healthcare advocacy groups, and your own constituents to appease your @GOP and #Russia handlers?
Baby Killer
Baby Killer 
Baby Killer
Baby Killer
Baby Killer
Baby Killer
85% oppose this. 1/6 of our economy is involved. Done in secrecy with no CBO. This is wrong. Ohio has large Medicaid pop and opioid crisis.
trump promised we will now have better healthcare for everyone!  So that means you'll pass a bill that does NOT cut Medicaid?!
We may not agree on policy of every issue, but your constituents all think you are a liar and a spineless sellout. #DontRobOurCare
They should do the same to the people who does that to our children 
Whatever, "snake in the grass Portman." We know you could give a shit about Ohio families. We will vote you out.
Sold your soul… Nice work there
We Ohio voters will remember today and how you voted to take health care away from millions of Americans.
Too bad the $45 billion for addiction treatment still falls $140 billion short
Translation: Portman rolls over well for lobbyists and Dear Leader. Vote no on AHCA.
#VoteNoTrumpcare #IStandWithPP
Voting for a plan that harms the weakest, elderly, unborn is NO improvement. VOTE NO ON CURRENT AMENDMENTS, COUNTRY OVER PARTY AND LOBBYISTS
Very disappointed. You know this isn't right and yet you caved. You had a chance to be strong and respect your constituents but you sold out
Can't wait to vote you out then! Dad had stroke 15 years ago, mom sole caretaker while I earn $,ACA keeps us afloat.Stop playing w our lives
Horse feathers.
Save your breath until you support universal #SinglePayer. Until then your "concerns" ring hollow.
You're actively helping those trying to kill the Medicare and Medicaid you claim to want to protect.
Not only have you lost my vote but so has any republican. You don't care about the American people. You are so out of touch
Can you just stop talking BS?
Senator, experts say side deals for opioid money will not help, once ACA and Medicaid is gone. Please don't play pretend with Ohio lives.
Resign. I don't trust you. Shameful.  
Provide any analysis that shows an improvement to coverage & reduction in premiums from this.
2 of 2 Fixed prices at hospitals, mental health and drug treatment included. No illegals/refugees/green card holders eligible.
Simple 1/2. Open markets, under 18k on Medicaid, pre exist conditions covered, cancer screens, mammograms, prostate and colonoscopys free.
I'm glad you're pleased because your constituants aren't! That's OK we can happily campaign for your replacement! A coward's easy to replace

I know no joking matter but it says it all, wish Ohio never laid eyes on you
Do you really hate Ohioans so much that you are caving and not listening.  We allaren't drug riddled idiots, does that spoil your narrative?
You scare me.   All it would take to fix the ACA was implement max amts insurance can charge people and prevent companies from pulling out.
We, The people of Ohio, will be pleased when we vote your ass out. You let us all down today and we won't forget it. Start packing to leave
You had years to work on a new plan but no #you're part of the problem and  need to #resign or work for us may against us
@robportman @senrobportman I think today we see your true colors, all the dark money outweighs what your constituents asked you to do #sad
There is nothing in this bill that will actually address healthcare issues. I am so incredibly disappointed in your representation.
And I shall be very pleased to vote you out, Senator. This is what you will be remembered for: party over your constituents.
Did you read the CBO reports?  I did.   You have been sold and are selling a pipe dream.
You own this now, Senator. We are still watching. A "scaled back bill" for conference is on you! #Complicit #Shame
And when they vote Medicaid down because you can't get 60 votes, you'll end up voting to repeal the whole ACA with no replacement. Party 1st
if you actually answered the phone or had a townhall, you'd know your constituents do not want the ACA repealed. listen to us.
Very Proud of the Republican Party !!

Statement: you talked w/ Pres, VP, Admin & colleagues about bettering bill. WHAT ABOUT MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS, HEALTHCARE EXPERTS & OHIOANS??
Not gonna be pleased with the vote. Or your impending doom as a senator.
I can't believe you did this Senator. I am so disappointed.
Our for-profit healthcare is the problem, one that I doubt Republicans are interested in fixing. Your party should stop worshiping money.
You abandoned hundreds of thousands of vulnerable Ohioans who were counting on you, in exchange for empty promises.
Hope you take a photo op w/ DJT in Y'town tonight.  Certainly you may rely on his commitment and integrity in any future endeavors.
Boooo! Come on man, get ur stufg together and vote no on this garbage
Shameful and a Disgrace!
Their commitment has the same value as yours. No value whatsoever!!
I guess you are so proud of this that you'll have a town hall meeting to discuss it. HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA HAHA! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are consistent with being a coward!  Come on, Portman!
Sounds like McConnell is telling everyone what they want to hear. You're being played for a sucker. Man up and put your constituents first.
I'll be pleased to vote against you
You have full medical paid for by the American people and you are happy to be stealing health care away from those same people. Despicable!
We'll hold you ALL accountable. They both arw in my thoughts & prayers. PROVE you represent your constituents NOT party next round w/ NO!
You're pleased that you will strip millions of health care so the rich get a tax break? We WILL remember next election. Portman stole our HC
I no longer have a shred of respect for you!
You never EVER acknowledge those of us who have shared our stories of what our lives will be like without the ACA. You work for US not GOP.
The GOP does NOT have a sustainable replacement for ACA. Gutting Medicaid is NOT acceptable. Vote NO until a real replacement plan is made.
I am ashamed of you and look forward to voting you out of office
God, you sicken me.
Incredibly sad and disappointing day, and you are pleased to be part of it.  If you are pleased, then you are ignoring facts and people.
Good luck next election. Social media is hard to fight. Enjoy your term and last political days.
Its clear you working for Trump and not your people same people that will now vote you out of there
I do not live in Ohio, however, I will donate money to the person running against you.  Monster, you are despised
Listen to your constituents! You should have voted 'no' and not towed the party line. 44023 and I vote.
The Fatal flaw in your plan to replace the ACA is the GOP insistence on healthcare insurance being a for-profit system.1/
If for-profit insurance was workable there never would have been a need for the ACA. Returning to a failed strategy is a failed strategy. 2/
Allowing for-profit health insurance to control the markets is tantamount to giving them control over our lives. They decide who wins. 3/
Look at it from an infrastructure point of view. We need roads & bridges. We need sewer & water. We need power & communications. 4/
We need a healthy well-educated population. It is essential for economic growth and the success of our nation in the world economy.
I honestly don't believe you care about Ohioans.
You helped light the fuse, you better do right by Ohio.
Ashamed that you represent Ohio.
Please explain how 45 bill added can ever make up for 800 bill stolen. You are failing your constituents and country, it is deeply sad.
this is not enough
I can't wait to throw your ass to the curb.
That opioid money is like spitting into an ocean. It will not compensate for the loss of care for people caught in opioid crisis. Shameful.
Here here for the women of the senate.  Shame on you.
We are not pleased that we can't remove you from office fast enough. NO #Trumpcare #TrumpcareKills
A better plan would have been to work hard at fixing the problems we had with the ACA. Making new problems solves nothing.
you're out 2018
$45 billion added back after all of the cuts and deregulation seems like it just makes healthcare less worse. Please make it better!

Not the only thing you received!
Huge disappointment! you have succombed to the special interests once again against the millions who will lose coverage.
wow great job! some people just release a statement saying they won't be running for re-election instead of making a horrible choice.
i am just. so disappointed in the GOP. it's not fair. this is a terrible idea that could seriously harm low-income americans.
by voting to repeal you helped no one sir, but then you are exempt. Shame on you for a yes vote today.
REALLY?!
So glad you're pleased
I know that's what I live for, to PLEASE YOU.
Don't you have this backwards?
VOTERS ARE NOT PLEASED.
2022-U
So you say one thing but vote another way. What a sell out. Really hoped you were the real deal, Senator. Fix Obamacare--don't make it worse
SHAME ON YOU!
Nobody is stupid enough to fall for this talking point. YOU and the GOP are the only things that need repealed. No forgetting; no forgiving.
Repeal of ACA benefits rich and kill off poor and disabled. #SaveACA
Bill with no text, no CBO, no bipartisan support, BCRA 17% approval rating. Dismal low standard by Portman representative. #NoBCRA #resign
How can you betray the American people? You live in a bubble. Bubble needs to be popped. We vote. Or r u taking away that right too?!
Congratulations @senrobportman , it is a real accomplishment to take access to health insurance away from millions of Ohio residents
Anyone who votes for ACA repeal doesnt care at all about their constituents. Why should they? Senators get excellent HC at our expense. VOTE
Portman:  Cowardly, cruel, & dumb enough to believe McConnell's utterly worthless promises.


Way to not listen to any of your constituents. You are a huge part of what's wrong with our democracy; the founding fathers would be ashamed


You are weak
Hey coward why is nobody answering phone at u offices today????
I think u know this, but the vast majority of Ohioans, including those who voted for u, couldn't be more disappointed in u.
Can you please tell me how many calls you took either for or against this bill.
