You need to commit to repeal first; only then will you have leverage to replace.
Repeal. Americans deserve Liberty.
Fix what's broken abt current system. No repeal/replace. Work together w/ ALL ur colleagues ON BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE AND YOUR CONSTITUENTS
How about working with your colleagues to improve the health care plan we have.  Or #SinglePayer.  #GOP has been acting like spoiled brats.
Don't be a racist patsy of the Trump regime like most of your colleagues. Follow the examples of @lisamurkowski and @SenSusanCollins!
Does that include colleagues across the aisle?  ACA can be fixed if not for tribal politics.
GOP Senators look like ninnies who cant accomplish anything of importance.
Full Repeal.....free market
Yes work together to find a better way. Either by improving on ACA or coming up with something better.
I will take the same coverage you have thanks for asking.
Work bipartisanly!!!!!
Please improve the ACA, there is no need to replace, protections must be kept in place for chronic diseases and disabled
We don't need a replacement plan. We need to fix the flaws in Obamacare and acknowledge that a Black President achieved greatness.
What have you been doing for 7 years?
Emphasis on WORK WITH! Form a committee of all parties and work as a team! Take down party lines &unify our country thru collaboration! !
Does "colleagues" include Democrats?#Resist
we do not pay u to play with your friends and balls, we pay u to repeal - meat head!
Repeal FIRST.  Then Replace.
Hopefully "colleagues" includes Democrats.  Bi-partisan.  Work it offline if need be.
You voted to repeal it in 2015.  Wth changed, huh?!!  Did you just do it for votes?  As a Ohio resident, I will remember this!!! 
"Continue" when did you start working? All I've heard is you complaining, but not actively participating, or even stating clear criteria!
Democratic colleagues also? Need to use best ideas, regardless of origin. Say it with me: BIPARTISAN
Trumpcare is an abomination Fix ACA or go to single payer Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices
Your career is over Rob!!!

Eithe fix the ACA or single payer. We will not settle for a crap health plan just to make your tax cuts for the rich work.
Go back to your basement
You can't get anywhere without women and democrats having imput.
How about just fixing the part of ACA that needs some work? You know that saying about the baby and the bath water, right?
Don't cave, Ohio is paying close attention
You all had 7yrs to find a better plan! You work for We the People so please get it done.
Hey we can't trust you. Please remember we are not Russias we are AMERICANS!
Thanks. I hope you can work with the Democrats to fix ACA.
Congratulations on being part of the biggest failure on the part of congress in history. You should resign for incompetence & cluelessness
It's easy give the American people the same insurance senators have and we won't complain.

#RespectMyVote
Rand Paul: Bring O'Care Vote to the Floor.
Then Let #GOP Go Home and Explain 
Why They Voted No  
…
Thanks... Now can Ohio finally hold this hack accountable and vote him out.
By "colleagues", who do you mean? White GOP men only? Women? Democrats? Ohioans? Big donors? Dark money donors? Specify please.
#SinglePayer
Keep in mind during your luncheon with PT Barnum Trump today that only 12% of Americans support the dreadful senate & house healthcare bills
U WILL NOT BE RE ELECTED!U NEED TO GO OVER TO UR PARTY,THE DEM PARTY.U R NOT A REPUBLICAN.STOP TRYING TO FOOL PEOPLE.LOUSY JOB!!

Why you voted repeal three years ago?? a total opportunist!!
Clean repeal Obamacare!You LIED to Ohioans. You will never get my vote.
Your constituents will continue to work together on a replacement plan for YOU. You're #outoftouch & wont #meetwithus.
#wakeup
#NoRepeal
Stay strong for Ohioans.If the bill is not right it is not right and vote no!  Protect per-existing Conditions and essential health benefits
How about listening to Governor Kasich?
just got re elected riding Trump train but 5 yrs later you won't remember what a traitor I am. This is establishment politics folks
I appreciate you doing what is right.  A decent replacement plan is better than leaving everybody with no insurance (+ bad economic decision
Well done.
Try the repeal bill you voted for in 2015!
You will be replaced next year along with most of the resistance.
Do you know why America voted for you? Work out your problems & get on board. #BrokenPromises #RepealObamacare
REPEAL & repeal even more. If you don't believe in free markets, then say so, comrade.
Senator, Do you not trust Gov. Kasich to take care of people? Repeal simply returns control to states.
Are you deaf, man?! We want what we have fixed.   You had years to come up with something and obviously are unable. You are pissing me off!
#RINO VOTE TO REPEAL!
Sen Portman, I voted for you. My future votes are contingent upon your vote to repeal w/delay to replace w/clean bill. Non-negotiable
Thank you for rejecting a repeal without a replacement. Please be bold and make a bipartisan effort to fix the system
Shame on you, Senator.  Your word is no good.  I regret voting for you, but never again.
Vote for full repeal. That's how you got elected. Don't be a RINO
Here's what works: fix the problems with the exchanges so more insurers will participate. The majority of people want to keep Medicaid...
...expansion, coverage for pre-existing conditions, no lifetime maximums, coverage that actually covers something. In other words, they...
...want to keep the ACA, but they want to improve it. Why not propose a bill that includes ALL of the best things of the ACA, with a few...
...adjustments to make it work better? Call it whatever you want if it is that important to you politically, but don't fix what isn't broken
YOU BETTER SUPPORT DJT NOW! We met 2016 cle. cty fair. DO NOT LET US DOWN. I will work HARD for you to NOT be the next Ohio R Senator
You don't believe in the free market, you aren't a conservative and you're a disgrace. Vote repeal or switch to the democrat party.
Please Senator, do not let many good lives be ruined 4 45 2get a political "win." Its only about optics, not policy 2 deliver more better HC
Work toward a bipartisan solution! Repeal without replacement is a recipe for disaster. Stay strong!
It was fine before this mess ever started, but now the working taxpayers get raped by ocare every paycheck! Huge chunks get eaten by it!
Better hurry up, time is up! We want a vote on repeal & every RINO who votes "NO" will face the consequences. We are fed up! 
Why won't my insurance allow my doctor to perform 2 small procedures at the same time to save time and money?
As my premiums go up and you refuse to vote to repeal Obamacare I wonder if the voters you betrayed should take out "Recall Petitions" 
I voted for you but NEVER again. You voted to repeal Obamacare in 2015 and now you refuse to. My premiums are outrageous because of YOU 
50 million Americans were given 1 choice.
Pay for Ocare and live in poverty.
or feed your family and have no healthcare.

But you don't care
Rob I live in Clermont county republican strong hold you like our governor won't get my vote ever again unless you vote to repeal.
50 million Americans were told if you want healthcare your best option is to quit your job to qualify for subsidies.
50 million Americans had to choose between feeding their families or providing them healthcare. 
That's who you should be fighting for.
You are a rino and only care about special interest! Vote this rino out!
#MAGA
Disappointed in you! You won't win another election
50 million WORKING Americans chose have no healthcare and pay fine because Ocare costs would have put them in poverty. 

But you don't care.
But you didn't work with your colleagues. You sat behind closed doors and wrote a tax bill for the rich at the expense of the poor.
They don't consider Dems "colleagues."  Dems are the enemy.
Senator, this is simple, REPEAL OBAMACARE or face a primary challenge we are sick of you gutless Republicans.
Get government out of the insurance business...repeal #Obamacare
Go single-payer! Cheaper than taxes+health costs and everyone is covered
Either live with the plan you give me or let me have the plan you have. What makes you special? NOTHING!! You had 7 years to get a plan!
FED UP w talk What amend do U have? SHAME on ALL OF U I don't want govt run plan but stuck w it Dems rally Time 4 R 2 do same Get it done
YOU ARE A FAILURE ESTABLISHMENT SWAMP DWELLER...WE WON'T FORGET

Keep your promise and REPEAL!!
You had 7 years to have a plan ready. Who bought you off - insurance companies. Get in or get out!! Are you a democrat? Obstructing Trump?
I think that you should check into all those that are supporting your no vote- bet they're Dem and wouldn't vote for you anyway
What is wrong with you. We give you everything and you let us down. You will get voted out. Happy  that's why your scared
FIRED!!!I am done with you! You are no longer supporting me as a citizen or the President!You think you're safe till 2022? We can FIRE U!
Repeal first and work on replacement from scratch. If you don't vote to repeal now then I'll make sure to help vote you out.
It's not just about Ohio. It's about our country. Be a team player and respect our President and all states.
On behalf of all the people here in Ohio who voted for you including myself. Thanks for stabbing us in the back. #RobPortmanBackStabber
Having grown up in Medina, I have always voted Republican, You voted for repeal, said we need to repeal, and now you say you won't. Shame.
Stop holding our country hostage. Repeal now, and work on a replacement. I did not vote across my party line for you 4 a single-payer gov-HC
We are looking forward to your return home. Please tell us why you won't do what you promised and repeal. Way to grandstand during Obama.
Thank you Senator Portman for not supporting a repeal only measure.  We hope you will use your bipartisan skills to fix ACA's problems.
The only way to fix ACA is bipartisan. Trump wants to kill Obama legacy but Congress can & should repair ACA. It works for millions incl ME
You're going down in flames buddy. There WILL be consequences for the Obamacare Republicans...who we now know are really Democrats.
Hope is an emotion, not a strategy.  Let's see you vote on the record.  Were you only against it when O was POTUS?!
So now that it's real your against Obamacare repeal? Wow no integrity! You know ocare isn't the standard right? You ran on repeal!
Mr. Portman fliped on HIS promise to repeal obama care ! Dump portman!
Portman is another libral in sheep skin
Then I suggest you vote YES to appeal Obamacare!  Don't let us down!!!
#failure
@realDonaldTrump Pls vote to repeal obamacare!
Support our president. Dems are laughing while they are lying! #MAGA 
I beg of you not to go along with the let it die plan. This will hurt your opioid cause and all Americans. Be brave, lead.
Don't act like a democrat
Support & improve the ACA so that it works better.  Repeal & replace would be a death sentence for many if the Republicans had their way.
Why not fix the plan that has benefitted so many? Because it was Obama's? Petty. You can't erase him! 1937 days. #UnseatTheSellout
.@senrobportman Speak loud, speak proud. Don't let the women in the Senate stand alone. Be a leader. Reach across the aisle and fix it.
Need to repeal with delay. There will be no replacement and only the mess we have and its failure. Please Repeal now. Replace w/all invovled
This needs a phone call to the state for full repeal!!! Do your job,and repeal #RepealACA
Do you consider Democrats to be your colleagues? If it's not bipartisan, it will fail.
Repeal, call your Senator and let him know that you as an American voted for full repeal!
Fix the flaws in the ACA...quicker and easier.
It appears that you have joined the Dems, Why can't you back your president the one who loves this country and who is making a difference?
People won't forget this come next election believe me, we will all stand together like we did to get Trump elected. And remove you.
That's pure BS, you voted for the bill in 2015. Just like the Democrats you're trying to destroy Trump's presidency. What a sellout.
Repeal please.  Then make the dems come to the table to work on a new plan.
You're a fraud! You campaigned on repeal of Obamacare. If your concern was replace, you would have voted against repeal in 15. Hollow words!
TRY HARDER!!
Thank you!
Please please please tell me people are examining & interviewing industry experts & not simply relying on lobbyists for this one!
Truth. In 2015 it was easy to vote repeal since knew Obama would veto. Today we have POTUS looking out 4the people
The only relevant big change: GOP president willing to sign https://twitter.com/jonallendc/status/887319076720267265 …
You are an embarrassment, should delete your twitter and resign early. Voters aren't going to put up with RINO excuses anymore
Please clean repeal Obamacare asap! Then do a separate bill for opoid crisis. Whew that was simple. So what's the problem, Rob?
You've been doing nothing but hiding behind the decision making of others this whole time. I doubt you'll start helping now.
Senator, be a leader and quit calling the ACA Obamacare!
You need to repeal thus obamacare crap and srart from scratch. Wish I could take my vote back now rino
Traitor!!
You mean a replacement plan that is NOT immoral and does NOT kill people, right?
Vote repeal it's killing us or #VOTE ROBERT PORTMAN OUT
you wouldn't vote for repeal and replace and now you won't vote for repeal. So Medicaid exp is more important than the regular folks @POTUS
Single Payer us the fiscally conservative choice-and everyone is covered!
Nothing will be accomplished until our President is out of office. Please get him out before Putin takes over.
You have succumbed to the anti-American agenda by coming out against repeal. Obamacare sucks but now you enable it. Ohio is ashamed.
It won't be long before Cleveland Cincinnati and Columbus are crushed with 50% increase premiums under Obamacare with no carriers.
Why not just change your party affiliation to Progressive liberal communist Marxist today?
Who paid you off was it Soros?
How about letting some women and Democrats help.
I think these senators need to realize they work for us and we vote them in we can vote them out .stop playing get this taken care of!!
As an #independent I pray that all parties will come together to be heroes for the American people-one party government will fail all people
Two years is long enough to get it done which is the Sunset Clause in the Obamacare repeal and the House Bill was the backup. Stop Lying!
HEY Ohio!!!GET RID OF THIS POS! Find a true conservative to challenge Portman, and vote him out of office! He obviously wants Obamacare
Government healthcare is not healthy - look at the VA And to countries with that module.  You have had 7years to figure this out
help us understand why you are going to vote against healthcare repeal #frustratedwithwashington
I wonder how many people that are saying ACA is so wonderful actually have to buy it. Only people I know who like it are the welfare
If you dont vote 4 Ocare repeal, voters will repeal YOU next election! Vote #RepealObamacare
@senrobportman needs to be fired! Do what you say your going to do.. stop lying to the people! Quit being part of the resistance! #firerob
Repeal!Obamacare is killing the forgotten man who voted for you. premiums from 250-800/mth and deductibles from 5,000-12,000/yr.  Killing us
Repeal it!! Make the Democrats come work with you. I won't pay for HC that supports abortions
Why did you vote for repeal in 2015, but now that it counts, you wont.  Liar
U BETTER REPEAL BABOON CARE AFTER 7YRS!RINO!
No replace /repeal . There is no plan so far that doesn't hurt sick people and their families .
There r only 2 choices that won't have a death spiral. Single payer or @randpaul HealthInsAssocs. SP ends in rationing & huge tax incrses
ALL your colleagues, we hope. Industry savvy members not beholden to lobby or other corp donations. Too important , Senator.
What a bunch of BS! You're a lawyer, trained to argue not solve problems. Get to work or get out! Running out of patience!
Knock it off and fix the ACA!!!
I am a lifelong Republican, your lack of support for President Trump's & your pro Obamacare stance has led to me NEVER SUPPORTING YOU AGAIN.
Excellent! As a Democrat, I'm delighted you're against someone who votes with his Republican colleagues 97% of the time.
The next RINO in line to fail on their promise of repealing O'Care...he makes four. Who knew swamp was this big? NEXT! @realDonaldTrump
Please understand that the only path to a plan that protects the most vulnerable among us is a bipartisan path.
nationalized health care.
how much money do you need to keep your promise, maybe we can outbid the insurance lobby.
you are a liar.  You think you can get away with it because you have 5 more years.
Thank you
