in practice Judaism shares more w/ Islam than w/Christianity. Muslims contribute less $ to you, but still deserve our respect
time to walk the walk. Anything to say about @JoshMandelOhio's racially driven tweets?
please point me to the remarks you are referring to. Thx!
these are hollow words.  As you stand with #45, you stand for bigotry and hate.
or are you willing to speak out against @realDonaldTrump and his racist policies? His actions cause escalated hate crimes.
you probably weren't saying that as you votes to confirm Betsy DeVos after she donated to you.
Your actions do not match your words. @OhioDistrict12 @IndivisibleTeam @OHDems
maybe you could start us off by standing up to @realDonaldTrump
My god, you're a real piece of work
What is this even a picture of?
...except when women need healthcare and family-planning facilities. Then it's "fuck 'em."
if you care stand up to trump and #PresidentBannon
Please speak against #MuslimBan 2. It has no national security justification. Is driven by hate and bigotry and endangers us.
DO NOT VOTE FOR THE HEALTHCARE PLAN
who even does your tweets?!!! Or are you really this bigoted? Shut up and stand up already, we're watching for real action.
then you ban them from entering the country based on religion and take their healthcare away. Do your job. #trumpClownShow
you didn't stand against @realDonaldTrump , so that makes a fake.
Like when someone calls for the complete banning of an entire religious group from entering the country? Hypocrites.
its time to put people in there places and fight back, and we are tired of this.
I thought pub servants went 2 Wash 2 share the voices of their constituents.  I thought they cared about big pic of the country, democracy.
& yet u continue to support the largest promoter of hate and bigotry.   I suppose you did well in speechwriting class, not so much in ethics
so says you and the group of white people with you.
how about a townhall with all Ohioans? Not just the white ones. Where's the diversity in this picture?
Seriously? You are the Party of Putin now!  You voted for this atrocity. We won't forget! Your constituent 45220
demand an end to the ICE raids that are targeting brown people right here in OH-IO
Why didn't you say something when Trump brought white nationalist #Bannon into the White House and put him on the NSC? @senrobportman
If you believe this to be true, then speak out against Bannon and Trump.
Why won't you stand in solidarity with #ALLOHIOANS? Hate and bigotry is everywhere (esp. in WH). #LetsTalk #REALTownHallNOW
A reminder ... we will not forget in 2018.
When will our reps care like last generations?  Not lip service.
It is up to the GOP to say "enough is enough"!
oh that is rich coming from a member of the party that is supporting thay hate and bigotry. Plus standing in solidarity is
wha...?
how about a town hall for everyone? Townhall !
you should be considering a higher office it appears Ohioans have caught on to your hypocrisy, oh you already are?
Santor you voted to confirm Sessions. You beliefs and actions seem to be in conflict.
I won't believe you till I see it, til now you appear to be in the pocket of a most racist regime
wow look at all that diversity! How about you start with condemning your party and President. Until then shut it!
Yes Senator we must stand against hate and bigotry. Have you called the President to account for his actions?
You could have spoken on this to your constituents had you bothered to meet with them. We will remember #2018
Everyone that believes Rob might listen to us.#letushelp
If we did not believe there was not good in you we would not bother#letushelp
Too bad our President doesn't feel the same.
so why aren't you opposing the hate coming from @realDonaldTrump and @WhiteHouse?
you might talk to Josh Mandel who has been spewing hate recently.
So no more free rides for the Administration? Oh, wait...Republican administration, so it's okay, right?
I think all the republicans should close ranks and stick together. McCain and the S Carolinian idiot better get back in ranks
Thank you for this. Please folow through by condemning the dangerous bigoted remarks of the president you support..
good.  Please control POTUS who is silencing press and spreading paranoia.
yeah, right. Action speaks louder than lies.
I'm convinced you couldn't care less. Really, you should stop pretending you care about anything.
. Senator, we need action against the folks in your very party who are hijacking our democracy. Independant investigation!!!
what about the hate Trump disseminates, your silence is not only a disservice to our country it enables Trump's maliciousness
Yet, you support illegitimate 45. Actions speak louder than words. Town hall? We really want some answers!
hey Rob, remember the birther thing? Yeah, our current POTUS started that.
You seem to have good principles. Why aren't you condemning the hate that our president and his advisors are promoting?
Rob, friend, it's time to stand up against the administration that's sent the okay to hate groups. B on r side. #Trumprussia
how many people of color are in this picture?
I agree. So are you going to call out @POTUS and all of the hate rhetoric that he's been spreading?
How can you even talk about hate and bigotry when you support a man who spreads it like cancer?Please stand with us!Not party
if U really mean what you say, then start by standing up 2 the bigotry & hate emanating from Trump, Pence, Bannon, Ryan, etc.
Standing around doesn't actually do anything. Take action against the bigoted, xenophobic administration.
@senrobportman have you talked to Rep. John Bennett recently? talk about bigotry, hatred and the continuation of racism.  do something!
thank you for this.  Please defend all Ohioans in encouraging the President to routinely condemn acts of racism & bigotry.
When will watch out for the people of Ohio?  We need a living wage and universal healthcare.
are you serious? Then stand up to Trump!
against Jews, Muslims, Blacks, Latino...
tweeting is easy but what are you actually doing to counter acts of hate & bigotry inspired by the President you voted for?
. Stand tall in support for the POTUS & AMERICANS, PERIOD.
this would be the opposite of standing against bigotry. You have to stand against the bigot in chief.
That's why there have been protest marches against #DonaldTrump since he took office. He is a disgrace to our great Country.
Bannon, Miller and Gorka out of the White House. These hateful acts don't occur in a vacuum!
When hate and bigotry come from the president, what then? I don't see much pushback from you against Trump's vitriol.
INCLUDING AGAINST OBAMA AND HIS ILK.
I am loving the statements you're making recently! This is the USA I love!  Unite against hate.
agreed, but for a senator simply standing is not enough. we need you to take action against this hateful administration.
please stand up for our country and democracy. #ImpeachTrump
quite a diverse team you have.
I stand in solidarity with those who demand a full impartial investigation of Trump and Russia. Get to work.
like Trump continuing to bash Obama? Speak for your constituents get him OUT of the White House. 44138
Fight hate & bigotry by standing up against @GOP & @realDonaldTrump's xenophobic, anti-Moslem policies. (I am a constituent.)
.@senrobportman stand against our #bigotInChief already! I've had to explain to my 7y/o that the bigotry @potus espouses is not normal!
Some the Senator's critics need to take their red pill!  they need to Wake up and smell the coffee!
THEN MOVE TO IMPEACH TRUMP
I was under the impression you only stand for whoever donates to your election fund.
.@senrobportman How about standing up to Trump and Bannon? If not, your words are hollow. Stand up for once. Like, *literally* stand up.
Where's the Republican solidarity against Trump's bigoted actions and words?
Why are you always getting your photo taken with a bunch of seemingly white people? I know Ohio is more diverse than this!
The hate is coming from inside the White House. Trump is a Bougie class nut job.
loses a little cred when you say it standing in a group of white middle aged people.
Then stand against the Trump Camp plz. There is a direct correlation between his policies/rhetoric and rise in hate crimes.
u do mean ur GOP prez correct? And Bannon? And miller? And and ...
'must'?  We don't! You're not condemning what's happening at our borders!  #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #russia #ResistTrump
yet you stand by Trump and his administration, curiouser and curiouser!
Your president is a living embodiment of hate and bigotry and you support him 100%.
Trump has spoken against hispanics; muslims; women; native americans; pretty much anyone who isn't white & male. Condemn him?
you will stand against @potus with me?
Thank you, Rob. Now stand up for investigating Trump's ties to Russia.
ALL ties to Russia:  the Clintons too.
