you could soon be asked to vote to eliminate safeguards that protect our air from methane pollution (SJ Res 11) JUST SAY NO
Then why did you vote for Pruitt?
Talk is cheap but you just voted to give polluters more say on where drilling happens on our lands (HJ Res 44)
are you being serious or not if you are I like it!
again, what you say and what you do are two completely different things.  We want you out of office!
your voting record says otherwise
Then why support 97% cuts to Great Lake preservation and laws permitting dumping coal waste into streams?
these types of ideas are good, but policies that  undermine these goals are being introduced Pls stand against those policies
and yet you voted FOR Scott Pruitt, whose plans for the EPA are shockingly anti-environment.
Tell that to Trump before he guts the EPA.
does this mean keep fracking out of Wayne National Forrest? #keep Waynewild
I am concerned about @EPA cuts and how they will effect #LakeErie please make a statement on this.
Yes we do! So PLEASE oppose the proposed cuts to EPA!
Trump's budget cuts funding for Great Lakes by 90%. What are you doing to protect Ohio? #RESISTANCE #IndivisibleOH3
you owe it to the tax payers to go away
Please fund Great Lakes cleanup and EPA. Must protect our water. This is not partisan but a basic human need please
Shameful if he doesn't make strong statement in support. But just more evidence of his cozy relationship with Trump
Then WHY on God's green Earth did you vote to confirm Scott Pruitt for EPA administrator???
by selling off #WayneNationalForest one acre at a time. #ProtectOurParks
Your vites for Trump's Cabinet picks don't seem to suggest that you actually care! Words are supposed to mean something.
then why did you approve Scott Pruitt for EPA?
so why did you vote for Pruitt, gutting clean air & water standards, etc? #hypocrite
so why do you support a president who has a slash and burn environmental policy? Your hypocrisy is monumental
If you don't back up YOUR PRESIDENT, it isn't going to matter!
So I assume that you see the value in the EPA and will oppose efforts to dismantle it, right?
Then why did you vote for Scott Pruitt for EPA? What can you do to preserve our waters, our planet?
Let's tell @senrobportman to stop selling out our public lands and vote NO on SJ Res 11, the BLM methane rule rollback!
so why the fracking of the wayne national forest ??? If that goes,the threw you will have huge fight on your hands
didn't you support Trumps pick for EPA? How about the push to rollback environmental regulations and protection for wildlife?
Explain PRUITT.
Talk is cheap.
You owe it to Ohioans to be accessible. Whereyou at? #LetsTalk about future generations @ a #REALTownHallNOW. #doitforthekids
you have 2074 days left in office and it can't come soon enough when I see hypocritical tweets like this! #unseatthesellout
so you are against DAPL?
.@senrobportman Funny that you mention this, cause you have the power to do something and instead you voted for evil people. #platitudes
That's interesting. Didn't you vote for Pruitt? Aren't you in cahoots with @RepSteveChabot to vote against the environment?
Wildlife? The people of Ohio want jobs! What the hell are u talking about
then you'll be fighting the proposed cuts to the Great Lakes restoration and brownfield remediation?
This claim is inconsistent with your actions to confirm Pruitt and support a budget cutting the EPA. What are you saying?????
.@senrobportman Interesting from a guy with an F voting record on enviro issues. U R all BS & bumper stickers
Remember this tweet as your friend trump destroys the EPA and its regulations. We are watching how you vote.
by devaluing science and conservation efforts?
Future generations will ask who were the morally bankrupt GOP senators who confirmed an EPA head who decimated regulations.
now you are tweeting environmental messages regularly so I have come to the conclusion you've been hacked!
Yet to support Pruitt and Dear Leader. I hope you show some backbone in the actual budget vote.
Having a strong EPA would help too, but I don't think you voted that way
then why reopen coal mines and pollute the water?
you've got to be joking. You voted to gut the EPA by voting for Pruitt. Your word means nothing
stop the pipeline!
why did you vote to repeal the the Stream Protection Rule? What is actions have you taken to protect the environment?
what about the proposed defunding of the EPA and several of the recent EOs?  You can't have both ways!!
.@senrobportman Support The Great Lakes sir!!! This is a precious natural resource for Ohioans.
And you just voted for @ScottPruittOK to preserve our planet at the @EPA ?? Terrified to see how that works out!
Pruitt high five.
Comfirming Pruitt was not a wise choice then.
don't act like you give a damn about the environment after voting to confirm Pruitt to gut the EPA. #lastterm #outin2022
Cut the crap. You helped put pruitt in charge of the EPA.
And you voted for Pruitt why?
yes we do, but your support of EPA cuts undermine environmental preservation. #ActionsSpeakLouderThanWords
Then preserve the EPA!
Is that why your president proposes gutting the EPA? Your tweets are full of virtue absent from your actions.
you raised money for @realDonaldTrump how much of that $ came from Russia?
will you support a budget to buy boats and sink the #EPA?
you have got to be kidding me. Nothing in trump budget plans says he wants to protect the environment. Why vote for Pruitt?
why did you vote for #Pruitt then??? Why did you vote for coal slurry in our rivers?
You owed it to ohio kids to vote NO on @BetsyDeVosED 

You didn't.
You owed it to the environment to vote NO on @EPAScottPruitt . 

You didn't.
You owe it to your constituents to hold town halls.
you must not be familiar with republican party policies.
then you should not have filled the swamp back up
I agree, now if your votes would match.
Your hypocrisy is insulting.  You should own your disgusting support of environmental destruction.
Best way to do this is to protect the EPA
how do you reconcile this with destroying the EPA, Env & our National Parks?? Hypocrisy much??!!!
YOU VOTED TO CONFIRM PRUITT!!!!
These words ring as hollow as the proposed EPA budget. Do something instead of saying anything.
without the EPA Lake Erie would still be on . Didn't stop you from voting for to confirm someone who wants to shut it down
Does this mean you're voting against the cuts to EPA and Great Lakes Restoration? Please vote for environment!
Talk is cheap. Prove to us that you really mean this by acting on it!
then mak sure to exert pressure for EPA to keep up water standards for the Great Lakes! Pruitt is your man, your legacy.
.@senrobportman I hope you really mean that
you contradict yourself Sportsman Portman. Please vote no then on all environments budget cuts. .
You taking lying lessons from 45? Hypocrite!
our rich wildlife is dependent on clean water & air.  U voted for Pruitt, & agaist protecting water quality.
slash budget for EPA, back Pruitt, restrictions reversed...are you kidding? SHAME ON YOU! LIES!
you can't really think we'll take you seriously right? Look what your guy Pruitt is going to do to the Great Lakes.
are you F####ing kidding me. Your pact with DT and Pruitt fell apart.  Veto and stop the 97% budget cut plan. Ideas pls????
Tell Trump, not us.
I get my drinking water from Lake Erie & what I  hear republicans are planning re:EPA is TERRIFYING.
I pray that you mean what you say. It's hard to believe though by your recent actions. Especially the yes on Pruitt.
then why aren't you opposed to Trump's budget cutting 97% of the funding for cleaning the Great Lakes?
Does that mean you'll stand up to your party re: defunding EPA & undoing regulations that protect our land/air/water? 
how if @realDonaldTrump cuts the #EPA by 25% and you vote to do it?
If you are so concerned about the environment why did you vote to confirm Scott Pruitt?!
then WHY did u confirm cabinet members who pollute, and believe in more toxins???
Ok great, so are you going to reject the 97% cut to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative in DJT's budget?
That goes for @SpeakerRyan too. Drinking water anyone?
nice sentiments. Let's see if you can fight back and stop 45 from destroying it. This is on you now senator.
You can say whatever you want but your vote for Pruitt shows what you really care about. #hypocrite #PartybeforeCountry
@Chauffeurde3  They believe in $ over country. Ohios an individualistic political climate. Lets make it Moralistic one.
Agree! EPA has done a horrible job for years, allowing big corporations to ruin our water and food. Do something about this
http://www.salon.com/2017/03/03/president-trumps-budget-would-slash-protections-for-the-great-lakes-by-97-percent/ …
What are your thoughts about the reduction of the funds from $300M to $10M for the Great Lakes Restoration? #LakeErie #Ohio
And your president wants to cut Great Lakes restoration funds by 97%
so he can build is wall that Mexico was supposed to pay for
Yeah, let's discuss it more at a townhall!
if you could talk to the rest of your party, that'd be great! Because the push AGAINST preserving has been pretty heavy
Then why do you continue to vote against legislation that would do just that?
you voted for Pruitt, hypocrite.
would love to rt for support, but need to know if u support all like Russian investigation  showing us the hidden health plan
I could not agree more. this was told to me by my amish/menno grandfather.  man who cherish land air water for giving us life
. Trump is rolling back clean water regulations and trying to gut the EPA. We look forward to you fighting him on both counts
probably a good idea to cut the funding to the great lakes restoration initiative then? #StandUpToTrump #WorldWildlifeDay
Then you'll vote to protect the EPA? #resist #savetheEPA #savetheearth
Weird, you've approved every single damaging person and plan put forth by Trump, yet are here claiming to care. #NotBuyingIt
WH EPA budget proposal cuts climate protection 70 percent to $29 million. You better put your vote where your tweet is....
then I hope you're against @realDonaldTrump plans to gut the EPA and weaken regulations meant to preserve our wildlife?
really the sec. of interior is allowing hunting with lead ammo on federal lands is anyone paying attention there
It's good, but not nearly enough. Fight to protect national lands and EPA protections on our resources.
I agree.  If you're serious about that, though, you'll add some climate change work to your agenda too.
LOL. We know you and the other GOP climate change deniers will do everything to NOT preserve our wonderful planet.
.@senrobportman & by wildlife r u referring to all the asses around DJTs golf courses? Yeah, how about a conversation w/constituents on it?
so we can take this as a no vote on 45s planned decimation of the EPAs budget, right?
