You’re still talking about this? Puerto Rico has no drinking water.
Rob...we know you owe corporations for supporting you but why do your constituents have to pay them back for you?
Bob is soooo excited to screw the middle class again! If the biggest tax breaks go to the rich Bob, it ain't helping us!
The budget you just voted for cut $1.5T from Medicare/Medicaid ripping away healthcare from poor and elderly for tax cuts for rich. Shame!
Why did you vote for the budget? You are Evil!!!! Only the rich benefit

Constituent 44074 Where in the tax reform are businesses required to use money from tax breaks to create jobs and increase wages?
You know they won'http://t.CEO 's will give themselves  a big raise & bonus & say they did a great job & deserve it
They always do
I know.I work for a big company &see it every day.We get crappy health insurance & retirement, they get the best of everything,off our sweat
How much longer are we going to have to put up with this?
Here's the thing the entire administration seems to be missing:

Myeshia Johnson lost her husband in a particularly horrible way. 
1/
Are tax cuts for the wealthy worth it? Is appeasing a wealthy donor worth it?
Can you read this thread, and think about this soldier & his wife & his children & his family without tearing up? Because I can’t. 
Vote no
Portman's on the factory floor, not even wearing a suit jacket?! He must be one of us!
Why don't you support the bi-partisan health bill?  That would help workers and the economy far more than tax cut for the wealthy.
We needed Medicare and Medicaid and you want to give the rich a tax cut you don't care about the Ohio worker
yeah, just what we need, more tax breaks for the rich folks, Eisenhower had high rates on the rich and a booming economy
Trump is attacking Gold Star families & instead of defending military families you continue to focus on massive tax cuts for the wealthy.
Congress must act with urgency to fix our broken #POTUS.
Turns out what you learn in government class is a lie: senators are elected by the rich to empower the rich & everyone else gets to suck it
Remember when you threw your ass out PRETENDING to care about the deficit you LIAR? You just added a trillion to it for your rich friends!
If you wish to give Ohio the Ultimate tax relief then pass The Fair Tax
Find your soul.  Cutting #Medicare & #Medicaid, adding $1 trillion + to deficit is NOT worth #TaxReform for the wealthy. #ohio #christian
The @GOP budget is neither #Christian nor #conservative. It slashes #medicare & explodes the #deficit all 4 a #billionaireTaxCut. #VoteNO
Analysis says tax cuts for rich, no increase in wages or jobs. Stop lying Portman
You are nothing but a #kochdealer Portman. This tax plan skyrockets the deficit $1.5T over 10 year and you bill yourself as a conservative?
Unfortunate choice of words, Senator.  So much is truly urgent--CHIP, DACA, to name just 2.  Either examine your priorities, or have a sit-down w the staff who do your tweets.
The only urgency to eliminate the Estaate tax is to consolidate wealth for millionaires.  Increasing deficit not #Jobs
You just voted to cut 1 trillion from Medicaid and 480 billion from Medicare. You are a danger to Ohioans.
You think it helps to add 1.5 trillion to the deficit? Is this the new fiscal conservative? Explain, please.
TAX THE RICH
HELP WORKING AND MIDDLE CLASSES
Portman doesn't listen to his constituents because he never meets with his constituents
No. Congress must act with urgency to reauthorize the CHIP program.
#CHIP is vital to children in #OH14. This constituent from 44021 agrees with you!
Your vote for this plan will devastate Ohioans for the benefit of a few super wealthy families in Ohio. You’re #deplorable. #kochdealer
You voted to cut Medicaid by $1 trillion,Medicare by $500 billion so millionaires,corporations can get a tax cut. immoral and despicable
What nonsense.
The school district I work for is increasing the insurance cost by 17% in Jan. How about you work on that here in Ohio!!
Unless the auto workers are making some serious wages already, it won't help them. Congress must act with urgency to fix the ACA #priorities
Giving more money to rich people doesn’t help the economy.  Reagan and W proved that.
Portman? Portman? Buehler?
I'm encouraged by comments of Bush, McCain, Flake, Obama, Albright and others. We need our statesmen now to help fill our leadership vacuum.
Based on this vine, you’re not doing so hot.  We’re working on the young ones who can now vote or will vote in 20.  @GOP is done!
Senator Portman, what will help is building hybrid &electric cars. What will help is giving those workers raise so they have a living wage.
You mean give a huge tax cut to the rich?
You know it never trickles down. Like Herbert Walker Bush said, Voodoo Economics.
PLEASE vote NO, the tax code revisions are so detrimental to us
He never will bought by Koch Brothers no pass no cash
Rob our president is soulless. Help P Rico.
We need to vote this crook out. He represents the Koch Bros not the people of Ohio.
That’s right no tax no 
Impeach Trump.
I agree. Give tax breaks and to the middle class. This plan doesn’t do that at all.
Lies and more lies from Rob Portman/OHIO Republicans, to sell working man-killing tax increases for workers, to give breaks to the RICHET 2%
Portman bought and paid for by opiate-pushing corporations and big money lobbyists, in league with TrumPence, ONLY pushing to help RICHEST.
Congress must act with urgency to renew #CHIP funding for 9 million children. It’s been over 2 weeks—come on!!
So what's your plan? because the current one will not do that!!
tax code is not broken.  45 just wants you to think that.  repeat a lie often enough.  Russian disinformation.
But you have no interest in helping the middle class.
How about Universal healthcare http://first.Healthcare  is bankrupting the middle class. Do you care?U have best healthcare in the world
STOP promoting tax reform which ONLY benefits the rich
Hell yes man! Support the trump agenda!
No sense of urgency with any other issue...  tax cuts & monetary benefits for the 1% & your haste to pass them makes US suspicious
It would help if politicians wouldn't waste our tax dollars.
We need answers about the cost of VP Pence's choreographed “walkout” of the Oct. 8 NFL game in Indianapolis. Our letter: 
Changes to the tax code isn't going to help the auto workers. Country is going down fast and you ignore it. 25th amendment or impeach.
Tax cuts for the rich will help auto workers? How does that work?
29% still w/o water in PR. And you have done nothing.   Water is more critical to life than any issue you are promoting.
Show your work.
Rob that's BS and you know it. Yon need to stop supporting Trump, it's embarrassing.
It won't. Do all Republicans lie? Rhetorical question.
Donnie Shinsplints is constantly tweeting about how great the market is doing... does it need a 'shot in the arm' or not?
Lame
But your president keeps bragging about the stock exchange. Is 23000 good or do we need this "shot in the arm" (cool opioid reference btw)?
Will revised tax plan let @IRS just calculate my taxes for me? Or have @turbotax and @HRBlock bribed you?
Your plan to cut taxes for the rich, cut Medicare, eliminate the deduction for state and local taxes and increase the deficit is garbage!
Ohioians need to act with urgency to get you out of the senate! You're only there to line your pockets.
Hmm....lower corporate tax rates and lower GDP seem to be correlated...
This what you imagining? Hasn't worked so far....
Listen to Ike's words, Rob...
Tax the wealthy. They're doing just fine. Stop acting like you're helping the working man.  #StopLyingToUs  #RaiseTheMinimumWage
Trickle down, and tax breaks to the rich don't work Rob, and you know that.  Study economic history to brush up on this.
He has a Koch addiction
Congress must act to fix the disaster that is Trump.  But you seem willing to go down with the ship.
This budget is not the way. Please vote no
No chance
More bullshit. You’re working for Koch network on senate time. Tax bill is horrible. Medicaid and Medicare killed to enrich the rich. #lies
Tax code is broken. But to fix w/breaks to the rich isn't how u fix it. It's a joke. Fix it w/breaks to the middle class otherwise it's sad
If you wanted to help, the middle class rate would be lower than the proposed corporate rate, and you wouldn't be raising the bottom rate.
How about some urgency on #GunControl?
Did you know more people die every day from guns than opioids? Why should we fix one & not the other?
Did you know up to 100k ppl die from medical errors every year? Ban medicine.
We regulate medicine.
We should regulate guns.
We shouldnt regulate either.
Mkay.
The Senate is worthless. You guys are breaking every single promise and will your asses handed to u in 2018.  R party is DOA.
THIS is what you think Congress must act w/ urgency on?
Where's the urgency for PR, USVI, DACA, HC, Trans Ban, N. Korea, CHIP, IMPEACHMENT??
Like Obama helped Michigan autoworkers? Tax cuts for 1% won't buy me a new car. #HelpTheLittleGuy

Trickle up, not down. YOU get money in YOUR pocket. YOU spend YOUR money, economy grows. Let's end corporate welfare! Reaganomics failed.
This will only help corporations and the rich. Another lie from our senator. #TrumpTaxScam
so why is the plan just a tax cut?
Just like when Reagan did it? Still waiting on trickle down.
It will help no auto workers. You’re lying. It WILL hurt millions of Americans in Medicare and Medicaid.
