The Obama blame game stopped being valid on Jan 20. Your party needs to grow up and put country before party.
Stop lying! He came to Congress and requested a vote to go into Syria you amongst many of the cowards in Congress refuse to go on record.
Maybe do your job and do something instead of blaming others
You have amnesia? You don't remember when you guys wouldn't even hold a vote on Syria when Obama asked for one?! Blame urself
How about we stop politicizing this? These are real people, not just talking points for politicians.
Trump's utter lack of integrity, cozying up to Putin & hands-off policy re: al-Assad, in between tweeting absurd lies not a problem for you?
you are so gone in the next election. This is absurd.
So glad my senator regurgitates whatever the orange man tells him. One degree of separation from crazy is really your plan?
Chemical weapons - despicable. Blaming former POTUS for war crimes committed by regime supported by Putin - despicable. WTH! angry in 44236
So why did Congress refuse to hold a vote when President Obama asked for military strikes?
Nope. The GOP hamstrung Obama on Assad. 45 won't do anything about Assad cause he's Putin's pal. We see you. We know.
That's fine and all, but you're abdicating your responsibility if you don't insist on Congress' approval for military action.
Obama went to Congress to get them to vote on Military action against Syria in 2013. GOP Congress said NO. Facts are easy to find
Man did your nose grow longer when you wrote or do you have memory problems?  Or both?
Last thing we need is to get dragged further into an unending Middle Eastern conflict. Why does the GOP think war is the only solution?
Senator, if there's any credibility problem, it's the lying, incompetent Trump administration. Trump is an embarrassment.
Where was the congressional vote to take action?
W/in 2 months, 45 has undermined US credibility 6 times over. Are you too blinded by big donor $$$ to see? You can't be that ignorant Rob.
Did you vote to approve strikes when Obama asked you to?
And so what exactly are you proposing? Be clear. Quit using soundbites that mean nothing.
You forgot.... along with congress. You all played a part and share responsibility.
kindly sit down & shut up. Potus bypassed Congress & did what he wanted- what r u going to do about it?! If Obama did this 
Hahahaha pull the other one partisan hack
And I will not make the same mistake of voting foe you again. So disappointed in you.
Seriously?  Own it.  How long have you been in office? What did you do about it besides point the finger?
1) Obama is no longer President. 2) YOUR @POTUS says he is neutral on Assad!
3) Obama wanted to deal with Assad, but GOP refused to even VOTE on it.
4) Since 2015, DJT has given Assad clear signals that he's now free to kill.
"Are we better off with Assad?" - DJT, 9/2015 

Trump has been giving Assad his blessing to kill for 18+ months.

…
You are kidding me.  Turning even more like trump, blaming prior admin. Mistakes I hope we don't make twice - electing you & trump.
Stop your LYING!  PORTMAN = LIAR , give MERRICK GARLAND A VOTE
@senrobportman Russia-Trump administration are being investigated for working together to steal the election. We have no leadership now.
It's weird how you didn't mention the Obama admin asked GOP congress for an authorization to strike Syria and didn't get it.
Senator. #GETREAL Deal with reality. Obama is not the president. DO YOUR JOB.
really? What was your vote when Pres Obama asked congress for approval? Oh right. Refused to vote.
You are serving your final term in the Senate. Just thought I'd let you know.
At least we still have a hospitable planet and medical care after Obama, after 45, we likely won't #ProtectOurCare #ProtectOurEarth
Pitty Party Portman doesn't remember he wouldn't back Obama on anything. Now he wants to be the Big Man. Get over it Dodging Rob.
Your support of Trump's despicable statement blaming Obama for his lack of action in Syria assures this is YOUR LAST TERM
Where were you when Obama asked you to ok intervention?
That's a lie. Obama pulled back ships because Russia threatened all out war. You're on break come Friday. I expect you to be in your office
You have constituents to answer to, and town hall meetings to set up. You're going to be held responsible for you actions in office.
No more avoiding us, because you work for us. We do not work for you to take tax payer money and ignore your duties.
News reports, C-SPAN, The Congressional Record... they were all active in 2013. We know what really happened, Rob. #Liar
I have realized you are as batshit crazy as @realDonaldTrump  is. Sad!
You sound like a paid Russian troll.
So what is the policy then?  In a years time are you still going to be blaming Obama?
Amazing how many Republicans don't actually look up facts b4 spouting....just mentioning Obama, in their minds, makes what they say, true
Trump tweeted Obama telling him to stay out of Syria.
read actual facts
You're orange emporer is going down along with the rest of his evil cabal. Trying to make it Obama's fault is despicable.
Wanna talk about undermining US credibility?Stand up to the asshole leading your party.Otherwise history will remember you as a collaborator
You barely won your reelection.
Where was your bill demanding strengthening US forces in Syria? It's been 75 days. Surely @realDonaldTrump and you did something, right?
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON  !!!
This is false. Obama asked for AUMF on Syria and YOU, Senator, refused to vote on it.
cowardly liar ...you
Sad Bobby Portman leaves out the fact Obama went to Congress for authorization and the do nothing GOP House said no. #GOPfraud
That's a damn lie .
You are with Trump... can you not see? Selling out our internet privacy supporting Syrian war, support all reversal of regulations. Why?
The Electoral College undermined US credibility when it did not do what it was put in place for and instead gave us the orange embarrassment
Why don't you ever offer a solution?
So u think Obama asking congress to vote on 'the red line' in order to obtain consensus with our government and citizens was the wrong move?
Bob Portman, you are a typical Republican riding bandwagon politics stuck in a dumb thought.
I see how we're sharply opposing that trend with a clown at the helm, cowards behind, and a free pass for Russia to handle it
You're a liar and a sociopath. Delete your account.
super ridiculous thing to tweet when Drumpf holds the same position as Obama did and supports Assad #NeverForget #GOPLiars
LIAR! He asked for authorization and you and your fellow RepubliKKKlans refused to give it to him because you hate blacks!
No Senator, you abdicated your responsibilities when you denied President Obama's request for authority to take action against Assad.
how about let's not blame the previous administration and take some responsibility for who is now in charge?
Pointing fingers & talking is cheap. Do something - don't you call yourself a Senator? What's your fake president doing? Grabbing p???y
@BBCWorld We have memories and evidential records that R party & were dead-set against any actor in Syria DON'T BLAME Obama
Like the administration, you show no sympathy for the victims. Instead you use them as an excuse to attack your usual targets. Shame.
Seriously? Are all you republicans that stupid. Congress turned down Obama's request. The GOP undermined US credibility & still are w/trump.
Like your Ohio constituents did with you?
Your tweet sounds like one from @POTUS It is Trump's job to act on Assad! He will do nothing because he is Putin's puppet.
You should be ashamed of this tweet. Go back and read Trump's tweets on Syria and then eat crow. You are so partisan now.#sad
Did you put forward any bills to send Troops into Syria to stop this? Did GOP do anything to try to stop the massacres in Aleppo?
And what are you doing? I have not seen you hold him accountable...for anything. Speak up nationally...act!
Shut up.
Obama sought congressional authorization to use military in Syria. GOP-led Congress denied it.
Great so do something ab it! Take out Assad. Get him in front of The Hague for trial/execution. Just do something and stop w the Obama talk
STOP DOING THIS PLEASE. I'm so disappointed in you.
But @realDonaldTrump said the media lied, he has been successful. Remember he know's more than the Generals, he's Pres. and we're not.
You suck, Portman!!!
He went to Congress who then did nothing. You think Trump lends credibility? You're joking right? Lame statement today from the Republicans
@senrobportman that you can lie without shame tells the American people all they need to know about you.
Undermined? Stand back! No telling what next he's going to pull out his assets
Yeah, more wars.  That's what we need. Your guy Trump is creating more terrorists than anyone in history with his anti-Muslim rhetoric
There is no good solution to the chem attacks so don't be so quick to point your finger at other people.
Sir Trump agreed with the policy when Obama made it and trump is president now if he wasn't afraid of Russia he would change it.
YOU and YOUR party refused to authorize any action against Assad the last time he crossed a line. You were complicit then and now.
Senator, by attempting to aid in the coverup of acts of treason, you yourself, with this statement, have committed your own act of treason
And you wouldn't vote to send in troops! Fake elected official
Your right we should do as our president suggested and not even get involved in Syria at all. Right...
So do you suggest we circumvent Russia and the U.N. because that was really the only way it could have happened.
What are you talking about? I don't think I'm that much under a rock and I don't get the reference... Currently, you are part of the party
whose president wants to strip funding from meals on wheels, doesn't support aide for school lunches, wants to strip money from PBS and
Now it's coming out that Obama went to congress for authorization and got no response. This one is on YOU! YOU abandoned the red line!
Repeating Trump's false narrative is not a good look on anyone these days, especially a senator from a swing state. We're keeping track.
Playing the blame game doesn't get anything accomplished.  Put down the GOP Kool-aid and start looking at what's best for humanity.
Why didn't the Senate vote for authorization as requested by President Obama?
Tell that to your comrade Trump.
Uthe Ly'n, Lazy, Obstruct'n, & Cowardly GOP undermined & abdicated giv'n approval 2cross the " Red Line"! tRump's Tillerson undermined now!
Sure...let's do more war.  Cause that keeps workin'.
Just to clarify, are u actually trying to support the idea that our last POTUS is responsible for a war crime?
Really? Wow, you're an embarrassment to the people of the state of Ohio.
Really , now you are are blaming Obama?
I want to get this straight jobs report good = Trump Syria bad= Obama
So I want to make sure I got this straight:
Jobs report good = trump
Then what is your president going to do about it?
Are you serious right now? Politicizing death and slaughter is absolutely immoral and shameful. Ughhh. Where is your empathy? Obama? Really?
The voters in Ohio cannot afford to make further mistakes in elected representatives.  We will not ... trust and believe it.  Accountability
Take responsibility for your actions and the GOP.
Have @realDonaldTrump call his and Assad's buddy, Vlad Putin. He'll fix it, right?
Are you blaming America for this? Unbelievable!! We cannot leave Assad in power like Trump wants to.
You are pathetic! This happened in your man's watch! Maybe he needs intelligence briefings from places other than FOX News.
So what's Trump doing about it other than blaming Obama and indicating its up to Russia & Syria?  NOTHING.
All you do is blame everything on Obama! You have no credibility. When you elect a clown , you get a circus. Enjoy the freak Trump show:
You must suffer from Portnesia. We don't. Congress voted against taking action in Syria, toeing his hands.
"Tieing"

Obama asked Republican Congress for approval to attack Syria in 2013.

They said no.…
President Obama is gone..this all about Trump..does he even know where Syria is? It's up to him not. What's his policy? Doesn't have one?
Obama was a great president!

Omg. Stop regurgitating this party line crap. How stupid do you think we are Rob??
what are we doing in Syria?   Destroying the country for the benefit of zionists?
No no no!  You were in Congress under former Pres Obama.  You had your chance to rally then.  Now you are trying to fly on Trumps tsils.
So what are you proposing? Oh wait, that's right; NOTHING.
It appears Trump's and your "words" blaming the U.S. for Assad's evil is worse than the prior mistake. State your proposal! *crickets* #sad
your Adminstration just did yesterday! You have been in charge and able to set policy for 7 years and have done nothing.
Good. Let's see you and the rest of the party get Trump to do something then.
Diplomacy is not sign of weakness,blunt responses and inaccurate facts show lack of character and leadership
This administration is undermining US credibility & credibility. Stop blaming others. YOU need to stand up & push back.
Are you kidding me?  So, nothing AT ALL to do with WH statements that occurred over past few days that emboldened him?
Oh, that's rich. Quoting you, 9/10/13: "I do not believe that the administration's proposal of a US military strike is the right answer."
You are shameful, always about the politics. We will remember.
Republicans will NOT see a more intelligent,impressive or respected president than President @BarackObama. Look at their idiot in chief? WTF
I can't wait to see the day you bold faced liars are held responsible for your ABSOLUTE lies you try to sell to people who believe this. lie
Horse manure! Stop the deflection!
Undermine US credibility? Have you read any of Trumps tweets! We are a laughing stock! Do your job and do something about this.
Instead @realDonaldTrump its YOUR watch! Get going! I remember when you said "stay out of Syria!"
Let's be clear! Obama NEVER had the support of Congress @SpeakerRyan @GOP or many in Washington! Stopped at every level! STOP the blame game
Senator, you're the worst.
@realDonaldTrump is  @POTUS now and MUST act NOW! Assad must be dealt with! This is Barbarism!
So easy to put blame on Obama that never had the backing of Congress or anyone in Washington! Let's worry about NOW! One @POTUS at a time!
No. You cannot put the blame on the previous administration.
So Trump has credibility? Portman &Trump are the same type: both are tRaitoR
I cannot even begin to express my utter disgust for your political posturing over horrific tragedies. #republicanway
Hypocrite. Do the right damn thing for this country, for our world. Ohio voters have long memories. STOP THIS MADNESS. Don't just stand by.
And killing 200 civilians in air attack cannot happen twice.
Republicans put is in Afghanistan and Iraq will you now put us in Syria and North Korea? GOP are bloodthirsty warmongers #PortmanSucks
Stop, don't go there please!
Wait, wasn't it you guys in congress that failed to act?
This is a RIDICULOUS position.  If you feel that strongly, CHANGE IT.  Signed, an Ohio voter.
Wow. What a Whopper.
President Obama, do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more important) day!
Know who said that? At 6:21 AM - 7 Sep 2013? Trump
If POTUS doesn't act on this war crime, then impeachment for dereliction of duty is in order.If congress doesn't act, you're just as guilty.
This attack took place on Trump's watch! 
If he or you have a plan then implement it.
@POTUS 45 is the most dishonest President in U.S. history and your rhetoric falls inline with him. Shame on you!!
You are an embarrassment to your state. Your president has weakened our credibility around the world.
Senator Portman you are rewriting history with his rhetoric. Congress was equally at fault.  Myna birding the President will not serve you.
This scapegoating routine is sad.
