Has the Trump administration changed the definition of consensus?
@senrobportman don't change the goal line! The #NuclearOption will hurt the nation and your short-sighted party. #MerrickGarland #NoGorsuch
If you go nuclear, you will have destroyed any consensus & the faith of your constituents. #dontgonuclear
It's a #StolenSeat
Gorsuch has demonstrated willingness to allow employers to impose religion on employees. GOP, you do not own us. Vote no on Gorsuch.
Building consensus only within the fascist element of legislature is no consensus. Your use of irrelevant justification is obfuscation.
Remember the Republican outrage over the gay marriage decision? If you seat Gorsuch, you will create that outrage w/ EVERY decison!
He doesn't even have a consensus in congress
No he is not. Rules against women and now we know he is a word thief!
You hypocrite!

I really wish you would man up
I say "No, absolutely not. I do not want this man confirmed. At all. Ever." You are already on thin ice. That's getting thinner.
Hopefully better than you adding your support for Donaldc Trump, the consensus presidential candidate of the Republican party. Hypocritical!
The concensus is: no confirmation while POTUS is under FBI investigation!
That must be what Portman means as consensus builder.
You ignored the Constitution by not giving Judge Garland a hearing. You violated your oath.
He is an ultra conservative, which is what you wanted. More money for the rich and corporations. #traitor #americanpeople
No rule changes. Quit participating in petty party politics and Party loyalty. Decide to be the grown up in the room.
Prove it? He sure cant. im sure youll vote however @realDonaldTrump tells you too You have no Ohioan values & dont respect the buckeye state
He wants to take away LGBT rights. I thought you cared about us.
We don't need a consensus builder, we need a judge and the way you want to do this is just plain wrong.
You are selling out the people of Ohio and all Americans by supporting Neil Gorsuch. He rules for corporations, not people.
#GorsuchPlagiarism now defines your vote, choose wisely Sparky! Change the nominee, not the rules.
Speaking of plagiarism, Meredith McIver is still missing. (Pls RT)
Thanks!
Did you get into politics to make money, kiss ass and ignore your constituents? If so, great job!
So was garland
Build a consensus with a nominee who can get 60 votes.
Prove you are listening to your constituents and vote no or we will remember on your Election Day
#PartyLinePortman as in Party over People and country?
Just STOP it!  Take off your Party blinders!! @senategop @housegop #StolenSeat #NoGorsuch
Too bad the POTUS is under FBI investigation.  That taints all nominations. Can you live with a justice appointed by a criminal?
He's a liar and a cheater, unfit for the nation's highest court. This will be your legacy and we will not forget in Ohio.
Why are you so intent on stealing Garland's seat? Vote NO on the #NuclearOption
Did not show that in hearings. Evasive w I'll intent. Gee, golly & smile doesn't build consensus. Didn't think consensus part of job descrip
The great thing about social media is when you are up for reelection, this will all be of record.  Country over GOP!
Maybe. I bet Garland was, too. But you wouldn't even meet with him. That shows lack of integrity. Your legacy.
If he could build consensus there would be no discussion about the "nuclear option."
Please vote no on Gorsuch. You know he's the wrong pick!
So did Merrick Garland before Obama rightly and fairly chose him as his Supreme Court pick. #fillibuster #Resist #Persist
wrong again, conservative, pro-business, anti woman, is NOT what we want but you and your sick @GOP 1950s agenda want
.@senrobportman is a good senator and represents his state well with eloquence. You might research what it takes to be an elected official.
Just stop.  You're going to vote party line just like you've done with everything else.  We don't matter to you.

Consensus builder? They have to destroy the Senate rules just to get on the bench.  The only consensus is he's destroying the Senate.
Fix the process.
What is needed is for Ohioans to vote you out of office. You are a bought-and-paid-for corporate puppet
Please reconsider your vote. Gorsuch has sided w/corporations, against disabled,hurt worker and women's rights.
No! What is needed right now is for you to understand 200 years of history.  If he doesn't get 60 votes, move on.  That is the law.
Yep.. consensus among billionaires.  #GOPwaragainstthepoor
What makes you say that?  Bad timing. Wait for the right person. Vote NO.
we need judges who interpret the constitution to protect people not corporations. #votenoGorsuch
Over a year you waited now you got what you wanted trying to the court into a partisan takeover even to the point of changing rules why
Disagree. No consensus building when the GOP cheated to get their way. That should have been Merrick Garland's seat.
Gorsuch??   We have wall to wall delusional republicans and delusional democrats.
yes for businesses above their workers. Not to mention his attitude towards the ability of women to control their own bodies.
YOU can be a consensus builder if you don't fall in line passively behind POTUS. You are a lot better than him. Be moderate and decent.
VOTE NO ON NUCLEAR OPTION. NO ON RULES CHANGE. YES TO CONSTITUTION. Vote NO to Gorsuch
What is needed are republican senators with spines. Stop avoiding the real issues. Stop avoiding your constituents.
And a plagiarist. Don't forget the plagiarism. #GorsuchPlagiarism #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch #weobject
Speaking of plagiarism, Meredith McIver is still missing. (Pls RT)
What's needed is to delay appointment until Pres is not under criminal investigation. No probe, no robe.
How about we confirm Garland first?  He was in line first and offered by a legitimate President.  Just saying.  #StolenSeat
230 years of democratic history out the window as you change the rules to win like children on a playground. Shame on you. @OhioDistrict12
No appointment during investigation. No nuclear option. GOP is acting like spoiled cheating brats. Fight a fair fight. @OhioDistrict12
His kids w/ disabilities decision was overturned unanimously by SCOTUS. 2K attorneys say he's unqualified. I trust them.
He wouldn't even say he definitively supported Brown v Board of Ed ruling. So where's this consensus you speak of, Senator?
"Consensus" unless you are anything other than a wealthy, white American male, right?  Seriously, @senrobportman you're better than this.
Actually, if he was a consensus builder he would have his 60 votes.
Still nope! The 2 leaders of GOP have a combined approval rating of less than 50%. GOP has no pulse on the want or needs of our country.
No. He's not. Tens of millions of us aren't having any of this.
Stop drinking the Trump Kool-Aid!
How do you define consensus? It's like we don't speak the same language. Changing Senate Rules seems against consensus. #NoOnGorsuch
If that were true do you think there would be this much controversy over his selection? Cmon! Your words are empty and hollow
The President is being investigated for treason, we cannot seat his nominee at this time. We need to wait for the results.
no, he's not.
Come build a consensus w/your constituents at a #REALTownHallNOW. #noconfirmation #donotkillthefilibuster #listentoyourconstituents #repUS
He'll only fight for corporate rights - nope.
Oh. Sir. If this were true @SenateMajLdr would not be foisting him on four/five generations of our children, against all @DNC support.
What's needed right now is for you to put #CountryOverParty. #independentinvestigation #donotkillthefilibuster #listentoyourconstituents
Whats needed right now is a #REALTownHallNOW. Youre not listening to us. #meetwithus #donotkillthefilibuster #nonuclear #SCHEDULETHETOWNHALL
Do you believe the lies that come out of your mouth?
What's needed right now is #independentinvestigation. Confirming Gorsuch will delegitimize SCOTUS. #nonuclearoption #donotkillthefilibuster
You are wrong Senator. Do not vote for Gorsuch #NoGorsuch #OhioVoter
Only if you're a consensus of repression, regression & male dominance.
Merrick Garland was a good consensus builder too. But didn't get a hearing. If Clinton won would senate GOP confirm her justice now? :-(
What's needed is a consensus of 60 Senators & it doesn't exist. Change nominee, not rules! #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS #donotkillthefilibuster
Blah Blah Blah... more Republican rhetoric
But in case you aren't sure..HE IS!!!....hint: think Russia. Russia Russia Russia Russia. If you do nothing, then you are the bigger problem
just like Pruitt you will vote for anyone a republican puts up. Can you say puppet. Grow some balls you coward
I hope you don't need me to inform you that this president is currently under FBI investigation for contacts with a foreign government.
What is needed is for the GOP to be responsible and call for an independent investigation into #trumprussia before a SCOTUS nominee.
Not really, but keep saying it. How much $$$?
The majority do not agree with defunding #PlannedParenthood . Women health is between her and her doctor not #GorsuchVote
If by consensus u mean autistic child doesn't deserve Free & Appropriate public education? Truckers can freeze to death?
Not gorsuch
Don't care who it is. No lifetime appointments from pres under FBI investigation!
NO
are you kidding me? Maybe you were thinking of judge garland......
Dont you want to say you opposed @POTUS on at least one thing?

#StopGorsuch

@SenJeffMerkley is a real leader and hero of #TheResistance
fine but how does that differ from Judge Garland? And the SCOTUS job is(as you said yesterday)to rule on law. Sounds like legislating to me
He was nominated by a president under investigation and he is backed by dark money. It's worth a pause in the process.
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown for paying attn to & standing up for #DistrictOH14 & all US in this crucial time in our history.
You're a party lap dog and a tool. Gorsuch was nominated by someone under FBI investigation. Vote NO
Plagiarism.
A short section in Neil Gorsuch's 2006 book appears to be copied from a law review article https://www.buzzfeed.com/chrisgeidner/a-short-section-in-neil-gorsuchs-2006-book-appears-to-be?bftw&utm_term=4ldqpgc#4ldqpgc … 
It seems consensus of replies DO NOT agree with ur decision @senrobportman. I am #DistrictOH14 & will not forget what u do. #NoGorsuch
For example, he's got a strong consensus in the Senate.
GOP blocks a vote on Garland for a year, but we need Gorsuch right now! Really, how ridiculous!
No
Our country already in uproar. No nuclear. Keep our democracy. Save America from the atrocities going on.
Legit reasons. Keep our rules. Trump has whole list of options. Keep our democracy.
There should be no vote on a Supreme Court Justice while Trump is under FBI Investigation.
Do you make these lies up? And please stop these tawdry commercials. The sale of our judiciary. Ohioans deserve better.
He can take his place on the court right after Justice Garland.
Consensus to block trump, yep.
#notoGorsuch
Keep drinking that thump koolaid Mr Portman !
Right, but the consensus is that Gorsuch is a monster who favors business over people and doesn't give a shit about disabled children.
Or women. He's also a noted sexist!
Sadly, twitter just doesn't have enough characters for describing what a garbage person Gorsuch is.
Seriously? Admit it: you support him out of blind loyalty to your party, and not because he’s qualified. #OpposeGorsuch #SCOTUS 45069
Wrong . This administration is under investigation, do not vote in SCOTUS pick now.
Remember Merrick Garland? I do!
So was Merrick Garland
Seriously, does he give you money every time you tweet this message? How about responding to concerns concerning constituents replies.
Gee, if only you hadn't stonewalled another perfectly acceptable candidate, this wouldn't even be an issue.... If only.
If you held Town Hall meetings, you would know what your constituents wanted!!
No, he's not.  Garland is though.
As one of your constituents, I want you to vote NO on Gorsuch. Not an acceptable candidate for our Supreme Court.
Garland. Garland. Garland.
A moderate, bipartisan justice is needed right now. If he were a consensus builder there'd be no "nuclear option" threat on the table.
Somebody sure wants him millions upon millions spent in Ohio pushing him. This White House is under investigation #TrumpRussiaCollusion NO!
I'm not seeing any concensus other than the unanimous conclusion of the Supreme Court that his ruling was absolutely wrong.
#NoGorsuch #SCOTUS
@SenSherrodBrown Thank you for your email saying you will NOT vote in favor of Gorsuch
Thank God for people like @SenSherrodBrown
Politico reported last night that Judge Gorsuch is a plagiarist. He's a disgrace.
Disagree.
That's rich. #stolenseat
Will you please stop? You're embarrassing yourself now.
he is a right wing extremist and you are clueless
Are all these tweets today about Gorsuch to justify the nuclear option?  Is that what you're really going to do?
you failed to allow a hearing for Judge Garland. W no legitimate reason. A horrible precedent and a stain on our Constitution
He eats worms.
you have no “Credibility” on this topic.
Does he have credibility on any topic?
Republicans send Americans to die in bogus wars about spreading democracy, then they steal SCOTUS from the electorate.
#shame
