OBVIOUSLY NOT ENOUGH STORIES TO PREVENT YOU FROM CRAFTING THE AHCA. #Hypocrite
They why does the Senate version of Trump care destroy drug rehab? If you really care about drug addicts and want to help them VOTE NO!
So you write  a bill cutting funding so addicts have no access to care? Vote no if you really care about this epidemic.
The fact is that it is impossible to support this new healthcare bill AND work to end the opioid crisis. Which way will you go?
more to come with this HC bill
Do something about it! Vote no!
Gee, how are addicted Ohioans going to get care once you take away their healthcare. We're watching, and we vote.
"SENATE DRAFT: Medicaid would not be required to cover mental health after 2019. Addiction is a mental health issues." #ProtectOurCare
Doesn't this bill turn it's back on those with opioid addiction?
you MUST stand up against this disasterous health care bill...when people lose what they have they will blame YOU
You need to vote NO on #AHCA for #Ohio. Don't want to hear excuses! State over party!
Think about that when you vote on that new healthcare bill. Your state is crying for help, not your President.
There will be more deaths from this crisis under the proposed healthcare law. Vote NO.
Astounded that you allowed that monstrous health care plan to be rolled out ad is. You claim to care about addiction. Put up or shut up.
You know what helps addicts? Access to healthcare.
One could argue that idleness leads to bad choices
If you care about the drug problem I would expect a NO vote on new HealthPlan. Walk the talk!
Vote NO on the healthcare bill that will cost us here in Ohio. I will most likely die if I lose my healthcare. Please vote NO
Senator this is shameful. We are frightened. Are you going to vote for throwing us off healthcare?
Overdoses have been happening forever. Especially cocaine, heroin, & crack. Because its happening around you, you now care. Poor leadership
If you don't want every American to pay for the pre-existing condition of pregnancy why do you want the debt to pay for addicts?
You MUST oppose this bill if you truly serve OHIO! You must protect Medicaid!
Try living where its people you know and love, try being the minister who helps families bury their loved ones..THEN you will fully realize!
Which is why YOU KNOW your constituents need ACTUAL access to AFFORDABLE health care!
You're going to hear a lot more if you support the #healthcare bill. Who do you represent? Ohio or @realDonaldTrump?
Opioid abuse and deaths are tragic, but so are the endless number of preventable deaths that will occur if you vote yes.
Important,but not only consideration
Won't be long and you will get to hear stories about people dying because they can't afford health care. It's never to late to change.
Poverty breeds dreams of get rich quick. Jobs. Welfare/Medicaid limited to ill. Govt subsidized life = "idle hands are the devil's workshop"
So does that mean you will not vote party or will you be like all the others and vote party and screw your constituents?
Vote no on the Senate health care bill, please, my patients will die, many of them get treatment through Medicaid
Then help your people with access to affordable healthcare and addiction treatment. The proposed legislation does the opposite, so vote no.
Then how can you possibly vote yes on the "health care" bill? Now is the time you show who you are. Hypocrite or man of character
AHCA will only make this number rise because it makes treatment unattainable. Vote no! #Trumpcare #StopTrumpcare
I am expecting you will vote NO  on AHCA because it ignores care for substance abuse.  NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
So, when you vote for this abomination of a healthcare bill and your constituents die will it be just another "tragic story"?
Sounds like you shouldn't vote for a bill that cuts rehab coverage and massively cuts Medicaid, Senator Portman.
Yea so let's cut Medicaid by large amounts. That will surely fix it
Yet you work to make it impossible for people to get treatment for addiction.
We must do more. Vote no on the healthcare bill that cuts Medicaid and uses that money for tax cuts to the richest.
STOP. JUST. STOP!!! Clueless. Deaf. Ignoring constituents. Your ignorance will be your downfall.
Then why cut Medicaid?
It is laughable that you tout your dedication to fighting the opiod epidemic while refusing to publicly oppose the Senate health care bill
#WeWillRememberAndWeWillVote!
Vote NO on Trumpcare!!!!
so your @GOP buddies take Medicaid and essential coverage like addition treatment away from thousands & thousands of Ohioans!  #Nocutsnocaps
Please don't pretend to give a damn about your constituents dying while you shamelessly support the AHCA.
and you'll hear many, many more if you vote for this "healthcare" bill
If you really care about the drug crisis in my city, you'll vote no on this health care bill
so you said to yourself..ill take away their medicaid and give the money to the rich. they won't miss it...for long
You can help your constituents by preserving health care coverage, especially Medicaid.
And the GOP healthcare bill cuts funding for addiction treatment..please vote no
I cant believe you posted this article and are considering voting yes for the AHCA. Try Representing your fellow Ohioans #BloodMoney
I lost 2nephew's brother's2this epidemic my life will never B the same there mother died years ago Na fire it's heartbreaking
"and yet, I want to cut Medicaid!"
If you really care about opioid addiction then you will vote against the senate health bill. You can't have it both ways.
Please explain how the Senate's health care bill will help these people. I want either a clear explanation or a no vote from you. zip 43537
With that health care bill you just put out you can plan on more.  Do you enjoy destroying your good works?
You will not only hear more but you will cause more. Vote NO.
So you'll be voting "no" on the #HealthcareBill so that addicts can actually seek treatment?
Guarantee you'll hear about tons more if you agree on the #AHCA put your money where your mouth is and vote NO.
Vote NO on Trumpcare!
You don't work for us... come sit on my front porch and let's talk
First, Congress must do less. Do not pass this #HealthcareBill. It hurts families, children and those who can afford the cuts the least.
So why are you taking away their healthcare you knoblicker?! Answer your phones in DC.
How will Medicaid cuts in your bill help those you supposedly want to help? Your healthcare bill is not the answer. #NotoAHCA
You will hear a lot more if the Senate "Health" care bill passes. Vote no
The cuts in funding in the Senate health care bill will result in even more. Consider these people when you vote

Decimating access to healthcare will really help these people 
The tax breaks for wealthy aren't worth kicking millions off insurance.
The repealing of the ACA taxes concerns me, mainly repealing deductibility of health insurance executive salaries.
please vote no on the senate healthcare bill.
I got a great idea, let's not let them find easy accessible help via their health providers!
Please vote NO on the Senate AHCA bill. It decimates Medicaid, & $'S for opioids treatment. It's good for no one.
So you can't possibly support the AHCA if you stand behind your words. VOTE NO
Why do you want to take hundreds of billions of dollars out of health care for the poor and give it to the ultra rich?
then vote no for Trump care and make sure those people are being taken care of.
Stand w/nurses in Ohio and vote NO on the #AHCA.  Its devasting effects will hinder great progress our state's GA has made. #ProtectOurCare
So why does your hc bill limit the federal funds to fight this crisis to 2 billion for only 1 year?
Senator, you can't take away millions of people's healthcare. You're better than that.
Well you must have read it because you refuse to have a public #Townhall
Under the #ACHA you wrote, Dayton will lose over 2 billion
#Resign
Will Trumpcare treat opioid addiction or is it considered a pre existing condition?
I worked in West Virginia in an emergency room. Too many drug overdoses there. Vote no on this bill. It would taking away funding for this.
Without Medicaid, ERs will not be able to accept those without health insurance, which #TrumpCare estimates 23 million? Overdoses will kill
If your bill passes, you will hear many stories of cancer patients dropped by carriers who don't have to cover essential benefits anymore.
But are you going to vote #NoOnAHCA? Bc a yes vote does nothing to fight opioids
The 1 precent tax break you call healthcare Now Ohio seniors will pay 5 times more
Please stop pretending to care about Ohioans struggling with drug addiction. Your work on the #AHCA proves otherwise.
So we should expect a NO VOTE from you on this evil health care bill McConnell wants to push
And you will hear about MORE deaths - not just from overdoses - if you pass this scam of a healthcare bill! #Healthcarebill #TrumpcareKills
Then why would you ever consider voting for a health bill that strips funding to combat such things?
Your wealth care bill cuts healthcare for any one addicated to herion
So fight for Medicaid, the opioid crisis will get worse if it's cut.
So why on earth is pot being legalized?
From 2014: 23 U.S. states where medical marijuana was legalized, opioid overdose deaths decreased by ~25 percent.
So you want to kill more?  How many dead poor people will satiate your bloodlust?  Will 25 million be enough? #PortmanIsASerialKiller
And this new "improved" health care bill will NOT help.
