BREAKING: USS John S. McCain and a merchant vessel collide east of Singapore; damage to USS McCain reported; search-and-rescue ops. ongoing.
My nephew is on this ship, I'm scared to death
My sons ship.   Scared too
You two and your relatives will be in my prayers tonight. God Bless you and them, I hope they're home safely and quickly
Thank you
Phone numbers if you haven't seen them:
I called and spoke with them.  They couldn't give me anymore information then I'm getting from the news. Gave my # to them
Well God Bless still. I send my own support to you and any other families affected by this 
Thank you
This was better than trump.
Of course, McCain is wrecked by merchants.
Prayers to those on board but why is there a USS McCain?
Why is there a USS McCain?
And I'm sending you continued best wishes for a full and speedy recovery. Take care of yourself Senator.
Just reading this news....saying prayers now.
If they are as tough as you are, they'll be OK. Thinking of them all tonight as well.
How can your party stand behind this insane senile mad man You must unite and stop them all 45/Pence/cab
U pray??
This is my sons ship.  Thanks for your prayers.
I will pray that he and his shipmates are safe and you hear your son's voice to ease your heart. God bless.
I finally heard from him.  Thank you so much.  Please keep the other sailors and their families in your prayers.
Will do madam & tell your son to remain safe. You have a blessed night.
Thank you, and you as well
Thank you for this.
McCain you can come to Brownsville Tx to the US Independence the shit you killed all those Sailors on being dismantled
How the heck do we keep running into ships. It's 2017.
How do we get in car accidents in 2017? Shit happens.
Senator McCain, you where a Hero in Vietnam, a foreign war, now we need you to fight a domestic battle and take charge and IMPEACH potus!
Senitor McCain, thank you for your service, I will keep you in my prayers and heart while you fight this battle, God bless You
What's going on with our naval vessels? All of these incidents are happening in Southeast Asia! Why? Trump making our military great? OMG!
How is it trumps fault?
God bless you, your family and to the sailors of our great USS McCain :). Prayers to our missing and lost heroes defending our great nation
Senator can you find out what is going on with the Navy and these accidents? Naval family here would love some answers
Oh dear, i pray everyone will be alright.  Blessing to all.
This guy left his wife after her car accident, Wet Fire started his jet as a pilot and killed and maimed 275 sailers,
Sending love and prayers for our service members.
You are an honor to this country sir. I truly appreciate, more now than ever, your service and sense of duty to this nation. God bless you.
The safety of the crews of both ships is foremost in our thoughts. Love to the families of all impacted.
Veteran here..what is going on in our military? I know there are risks, training accidents, etc but now is happening with alarming frequency
The top officers of the Fitzgerald are being dismissed..this means they were grievously in error or conduct..otherwise lower ranks get blame
I think it's a long standing practice that whenever your ship runs into something, you can just about guarantee the CO is history.
Pretty much
Think Trump can quit campaigning and give this the respect it needs!  No.  Thank you Sen. McCain,  and your Father,  for your service.
Prayers go out to you and cindy
https://www.vesselfinder.com/vessels/ALNIC-MC-IMO-9396725-MMSI-636017930 … to keep those in their sights first would help better
I'm so sad that DJT has not mentioned names or tragedies. Lives laid out in vain! Someone needs to give a tribute to them despite USA mess
thank you sir.  
see @realDonaldTrump  thats what a real President would do
Thank you for the proper response unlike Trump who told the pool reporters: "That's too bad"
It's as if you tweet before checking actual news
I'm so real it'll make your head spin, Pepe.
Having a bad week, Trump Davidian?
David ate jesus's guts on a tree and broke of a branch where judas the gay fish resided. With orbs. Didnt you listen to black metal?
Sending positive Energy to those involved
McCain's shares in weapons stocks dropped. He is in shock. #DEEPSTATE  #warlords #Military #NorthKorea #USSJohnSMcCain
Shameful. Go to church.
Shame on those who kill and bomb people to make profit and go to church for Jesus. Hypocrites war criminal
I wasn't referring to him. I was referring to you.
I understand. Why you're suggesting that i need to go to church? I'm not weapon stockholder $$like McCain$$
Ok maybe just call yr mother & apologize for being such an astounding ass. 10 families are prob abt to receive worst news poss.Not the time.
Well. I didn't say anything against American soldiers, victims or their family. You shouldn't mix things here...
I stand against war criminal like McCain in order to keep everyone safe, otherwise, those people care only abt themselves and their profits
@realDonaldTrump this is how an honorable man comments on a tragedy affecting our most treasured assets, our service members!
Your prayers are nice, but Navy families want you to stand up and support our President!
God Bless. Hope you are well.
McCain when are you going to retire
How does this keep happening? Are the sailors checking Twitter for their next order from their Commander in Chief?
Prayers!!!
@SenJohnMcCain 
This is the 2nd collision in a very short time period involving a US Naval vessel. Is the @USNavy reviewing this? Very odd
This is how you express your sorrow.
Are you really worried about OUR service members or more worried about the name plate on the ship?? #RINO
Unnecessarily cruel. Objectification illuminates more about you than your subject.
What is cruel about the truth??
Truth might be your angry but, your on quicksand about GOP or McCain.  Start w/any party is a coalition. Consensus ≠ subjugation
Prayers for everyone involved.
First collision coincident;  second collision suspicious.
absolutely,i&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed tragedy US destroyer collide w/ Merchant,thoughts & prayer tragic loss,rescues crews..
Senator, thank you sir. Thank you.
Sen McCain, get you or your peeps on this: this,last one, cannot b accidents. Especially not where they're located. I mean, if u can. Bwell.
Peeps on this?
"Get your people investigating and/or operating clandestinely to find who it is, stop them and give 'em some good ole' American Payback"
...is what "get your peeps on this" means.
Of curse they'll investigate it.
We've also had several other "accidents" since little pooty got elected, ones that undermine faith and confidence
How are these ships crashing? Thought they were #Hightech
Watch out!
Thank you Senator! God bless!
@CIA I asked God if he is responsible for Sen. McCain's brain tumor.His answer: the collision of #USSJohnSMcCain  #Republicans #Obamacare
Such sad news. My heart goes out to the sailors and their families.
Like you thought of those in Benghazi? Oh wait you killed them didn't give them much thought did you.
Soon after @ericbolling on @foxandfriends told America "McCain" needs to leave the swamp, you've been having a hard time. #AllPR #Fake
Some .@realDonaldTrump supporters & DT himself will be thrilled to troll this accident. I pray the sailors will be safe without any losses.
You're a traitor. I can't believe you have a ship named after you. Didn't you call Cindy a c*nt?
Not named after him.
Such a large ocean and U.S. vessels can't help getting by something... at least in Asia....
Ships done collide like this. This is the 3-4x in a yr. This was an attack & you think the name on the ship is coincidence you are foolish.
Thank you for taking the time  to respond with care and concern, since we can't count to the POTUS to do so.
Dear @SenJohnMcCain America is grateful for your compassionate leadership @Morning_Joe #USSJohnSMcCain
With all the gps technology available how can two ships collide??  Unacceptable
US Navy ships do not turn on their AIS transponders for security reasons. That's the system that publishes GPS location to other ships.
Deactivating AIS has nothing to do with the radar on either ship. B2B comms and good training mitigates this. Source:  I'm fmr Naval Officer
Of course. I'm replying to "why didn't GPS prevent this?". In the case of Navy ships, GPS doesn't help much since they don't use AIS.
Oh, I hope our Sailors are safe! 
any comments from Donald
How about the accident you caused and got away with because of your daddy?

How are you feeling?
You don't deserve to have a ship named after you. 

#SongbirdOfHanoi
Best wishes to you Senator...get well soon.
TERM LIMITS
#THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR WORK FOR THIS COUNTRY AND YOU ARE A HERO IM JUST SAYING WHAT THE MAJORITY OF THE COUNTRY THINKS THANK YOU SEN MCAIN
Here's the response from the traitor in chief...
So Presidential!!
Our prayers are with them !
John McCain is a Deep State TRAITOR 
WHOA: Here's the BOMBSHELL Ukraine / DNC / CIA story I just dropped... https://www.pscp.tv/w/bF-4uTUxNzIyMzh8MU1uR25teVhhZ2tLT7gtsM_QXLOg1qWPVw4U3-ZZjSJbIpGp545PKg2QQ0bt …
Speaking of the Ukraine, why would Senator McCain be pictured there with a Nazi?  #Traitor
McCain has been compromised for a very long time - another pawn of the establishment https://www.theburningplatform.com/2015/07/23/mccain-the-hero-nearly-sunk-an-aircraft-carrier-killed-134-sailors/ …
WikiLeaks: Clinton bribed 6 Republicans to destroy Trump


Ryan
Graham
MCCAIN
This is literally fake news, a hoax from a satire site. Wikileaks has no such report
And from Trump "That's too bad". He must be removed, and quickly. Please initiate Article 25 or Impeachment.
By the way where is potus

In response to my question about the USS John S. McCain collision @POTUS at @WhiteHouse South Portico replies “that’s too bad.” 
Too bad our President of the United States doesn't care as much.
As you name the boat, so shall it float. =D
Let's cut through your crap Senator. This is The Almighty Himself telling you your plan is finished. Too many good smart people will rise up
Joining in wishes that they are safe
Why are there so many military mistakes right now?????? Scary
Prayers for the 10 missing sailors and those injured
Once...fishy. Twice?! Definitely intentional - as the first. Luciferian globalists at work.
Prayers for these sailors and their families 
Retire
Prayers to everybody on that ship
Dear God-our prayers are with them!!
Prayers and hope
"Too bad."  /your president DJT
Thoughts and prayers for our sailors.
Same here and thank you for saying so. The leader of your party said, "That's too bad."
Now THAT'S leadership.
Too bad your Potus cares nothing about our men women in uniform boycott Trumpcrimefamily.
Thank you, Senator.
At any point are you going to ask why our ships are crashing into other ships one after another on the high seas? Just platitudes?
Trump, however, is tweeting about fake news.
Dear Senator Mc.Cain appreciate your compassion 
That's who you are 
Respect and all the very best for you 

Thank you for your service & leadership Senator, particularly in this current vacuum.    
Maybe the captain had a brain tumor. Missing a boat is as easy as voting to repeal Obamacare
Sounds like the ship flopped like you senator.  Prayers for the sailors.
Traitor.
Damage our ships before starting a war....
Same here. Very sorry to hear about this accident.
Thank you Senator for your comments and your humanity.
How in the world can something like this now have happened twice?
Change the name better luck
I guess our president only likes sailors who don't go missing. "That's too bad."
Prayers up for these sailors 
John McCain is a democrat.
Pray more
How the hell can a US Navy ship collide with a another ship, ain't they got radar and all the lastest gadgets?
they have it all but they are drunken
Thank you Senator, I know the families appreciate your thoughts and prayers
USS john mccain rudderless, coincidence
We are doing the same Senator. We also are praying for you to beat that cancer. Love and good wishes from our family 
And we appreciate you, Senator John McCain
God bless you John.
Vote to repeal Obamacare or your no vote will result in infamy
Ditto!! Prayers for all!!!
How did this happen? It's the 3rd collision of US naval ships since May 2017! An oil tanker, a cargo ship & a fishing boat?! Sad 4 families
Sure glad someone is. @realDonaldTrump alias @POTUS response was "That's too bad." FULL STOP

Israeli Occupiers night raid on a Palestinian family. Waking up children at 1:15am to make their presence & terrify fam.
Watch until the end 
The GIG is up #JohnMcCain  Step down while you can. You have no honor.
DNC behind Ukraine Coup. Chalupa Email proves
http://thepopulist.us/ 

#McCain, Sir you don't show your support.
It is sad that we lose sailors like this.  On the other hand if it wasn't named the  uss mccain it wouldn't have crashed.
If a war breaks out China should save their military and just send merchant and container ships to win the war. PATHETIC!
I pray that the rescue ops are successful. How awful.
Amen
God bless you and your wife senator we love you
I know you are sick, but u r a ROCK. Our prayers go out to u and family.
See #FakePresident @realDonaldTrump this is how real presidents know what to say. Not "That's too bad". #TrumpResign #YouLostThePopularVote
Get well @SenJohnMcCain
Two holes. In the ass fool of a McCain in Vietnam and in a fucking ship.
@SenateDems 

*(love)
Prayers got the missing sailors
Has trump acknowledged this tragic event yet?
Sabotage in military?
More presidential than the president.
THE SHIPS CAN BE REPAIRED BUT LIVES ARE TOO PRECIOUS TO BE LOST!
Praying
So proud this country to name vessel after you much deserved prayers and thoughts with those on the vessel
This is the 2nd Navy ship which was hit by a Merchant vessel.  I'm wondering if this could be terrorist.  Seem suspicious.

Praying they are all found and safe....
Bridge Officer competence?
Thank you for this - especially since the "President" won't find it important enough to tweet about.
With all the tech available and we still have a collision of two large vessels. Who's asleep at the wheel ???
Praying for the sailors and their families
And the rest of us are right along beside @SenJohnMcCain!!
What a joke u are praying to Yahweh while stabbing in the back one of his appointed leaders. Shame on u your prayers are worthless old man.
That's special either they aren't getting training or shipping vessels are purposely getting rammed .

Obama worst prez. In our history. Imagine if mccain or romney got in. That was 2  elections that it just didn't matter. They all sell us out
Thoughts and prayers are with them. Thank you Senator McCain.
What IS it with our ships colliding with merchant vessels? How is that possible? Who is asleep at the switch? But yes, prayers aplenty.
Your bad luck traitor ,change it's name.
Who you praying to McCain?
Of course we all hope the sailors are found and healthy. 
Will you be inquiring how two USN vessels this year have been in collisions?
Are the nav systems being hacked?
Prayers to all the men and women on the ship! And for you too Senator McCain!
God bless you and your family
Worry about Obamacare while your at it
Amazing that as sick as you are you tweet this and Trump tweets about Fake News.
With you on that sir.
Another crash?
John McCain. Don’t think prayers are going to help the poor sailors much.
Praying for all of our men and women to be safe!
Is it that hard to be a Navy ship captain?  Basics:  do not hit other ships.
Does The ClownPOTUS even care about our men and women sailors?  Too busy collecting bribes at his golf courses I guess.
How in the actual F is this stuff happening?
Human error
Sure have had a rash of human error this past few months
Or something that actually may be the case is someone is screwing with our radars
It was necessary to name the ship ............. "PARANOYA Makeen".
How does this sh#t keep happening? Is the Navy getting dumber by the day or is there something more??
Reptilian 
A different response from dimwit Trump who, when asked for his thoughts, said "that's too bad." Ty john mccain for a presidential response.
Amen! May they be found safe and sound...
You're a liar and could care less -warmonger
Praying they are all alive... 2nd major incident, Navy needs to step their game up.
Hey @realDonaldTrump have you noticed NO real leader has said "that's too bad" #ResignTrump

