It's a nice idea, but I don't think Kim will care. He'll just starve his people even more.
BTW, do you even read these replies? 
Important that congress vote NO on Graham Cassidy
1. Your opposition to Graham-Cassidy COULD END IT.

If G-C comes to a vote & becomes law, it will destabilize healthcare & defund Medicaid,
2. You criticized the ACA for not covering ENOUGH ppl & for costing too much. I have it in writing.

G-C makes things worse and u know it
3. It comes down to your vote, Mr. Portman.
Not just for Ohio, but for the nation.
And you won't even give us so much as tweet. 
Resign.
*You won't even give us so much as a tweet.

That is why you should resign.
The entire medical community is against Graham-Cassidy. Why aren't you? Oh, right, you are a bot.
Ohio is on the pointy end of the Graham-Cassidy stick. Portman's a marshmallow on the end of it.
The marshmallow won't make it hurt any less
#RobPortmanResign

I don't want my tax dollars paying for a marshmallow.
#MarshmallowRob
#RobPortmanResign
#PortmanUBum
What's important is that you not allow the GOP to destroy healthcare in Ohio. Stand up and vote NO!
Bipartisan Healthcare no On #GrahamCassidyBill
U come off as a BUFFOON as your aide sends out these ridiculous tweets. Speak to us on HCare. U can END the debate: VOTE NO
You continue to enable Trump who is threatening war with NK on twitter, for god's sake. He's a menace to the world. And you do nothing.
What's your position on Graham-Cassidy?
Also imp't is healthcare and helping Puerto Rico  care to say anything
Important that congress act on Sec. Price's gouging of tax payer dollars by using private jet
Imp't that Congress act bipartisan and fix the ACA. Quit trying to take away health coverage for so many Ohioans! #VoteNoGrahamCassidy

Bipartisan work on healthcare would be appreciated. How about tweeting about that?
Don't let them make things worse by voting for that awful ACA replacement bill.
Sleazy Kochsucker
I pretty sure #Ukraine won't be happy about this.
 But let's talk healthcare specifically how you'd vote on #GrahamCassidy
Talk about enablers.... you voted for price.
Important that help gets sent to Puerto Rico immediately.
How will you vote on graham Cassidy? Think hard - the health & financial viability of Ohio is at stake.
Please stop tweeting about anything else until you tell us whether or not you're going to vote to take away our healthcare. #GrahamCassidy
This new bill upends insurance markets and still really screws over OH and WV. How do Portman & Capito look their voters in eye & vote  yes?
Where are you at on Graham-Cassidy?
Vote no on Graham Cassidy bill
Ted freaking Cruz came out as a no. You let Ted freaking Cruz beat you to doing the right thing.
So over your repetitive tweets about things no one ever asked for. We want accountability for the nut job in the WH & #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Imp't Congress act bipartisanly on healthcare instead of ramming partisan #GrahamCassidyBill through & take away insurance from millions.
It’s MORE important that you vote no on Graham-Cassidy and do something to help Puerto Rico and the American citizens there
Important that you vote no on Graham-Cassidy
You support a president who thinks the KKK and white supremacist are nice people and our pro athletes are son of bitches. Sad Rob
Past time for you to announce your healthcare vote. But we all know it will be yes. You are immoral.
imp’t that Congress take bipartisan action 2 find a way 2 bring more better HC to as many Americans as possible. #WorthFighting4
#Ohioans have priorities Rob. This bill won’t have a vote before #GrahamCassidy - you know, the one that makes the rest of us go bankrupt...
Betsy Devos!!!!!!!!!

I'm picturing you,in the bushes,w/ your fingers in your ears going"lalalalalala"while your constituents try to engage you re: G-C. Shameful!
45's senseless, inflammatory rhetoric improves the chances of a nuclear exchange. Your colleagues in the House need to start impeachment.
Your silence condones crazy-in-chief's reckless, juvenile & dangerous rhetoric on N Korea. You are one of his biggest enablers. #NotNormal
Why don't you show some real courage & vote against terrible Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill? That's a real American priority.
I bet you've got a whiteboard in your office with a list of things labeled "to tweet: not health care"
How about some accountability to your constituents.  #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Important that you but country over politics and vote NO on #GrahamCassidy and #KillTheBill.
What about #GrahamCasiddy? Kasich knows it will be disastrous for OH. How much are you getting from the Kocks?
Please...We know why China supports NK. Don’t legitimize Trump’s childish and dangerous attempts to address something you know is complex.
"Bipartisan" 
Trumps tweets literally feed the NK frenzy.   He's an enabler.    How come only partisan bills get posted with video?
Save the healthcare. For the umpteenth time. Come on. Weasel.
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. @ClevelandClinic obliterated it today. It’s a bad deal for everyone.
It is important that you state your intention to vote NO on Graham Cassidy.  Ohioans need your support more than your donors.
Any thoughts on healthcare senator or are you waiting to be told what to say? #Kochbros.
It was important that you voted NO on the CASSIDY Graham bill BUT YOU DIDNT!
There's this bad health care bill coming up for a vote. Puerto Rico is devastated. Wouldn't know it from your tweets. NO on Graham Cassidy
Wow Senator! Still not talking about HC worried about reflection? Vote in jeopardy here
#TakeAKnee
#TakeAKneeNFL
c: .@NFL, .@NFLPA
More important that 45 is removed from office before his pissing match goes nuclear.
Your cowardice has me counting down to Jan 3, 2023. You can count on me calling your office & tweeting you every day to remind you of that.
It's more important to me that grown ups speak out against this kind of reckless endangerment, @senrobportman
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Important you demonstrate ANY competency for your job by speaking about the topic all of Ohio wants to hear from you on.
Exactly. Where are you on the travesty you will be voting on this week?  Crickets.
The Robo-Portman Bot has arisen in the early Sunday afternoon.
We need a Trump Enablers Accountability Act. Something which will apply to Senator Rob Portman.

what's bipartisanship?
Not something he's know for!
YOU BETTER VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY AND YOU BETTER GIVE PEOPLE HEALTHCARE NOT SCREW THEM HOLD IT TOWN HALL
Again, you are so out of touch with what’s going on right this minute.
MULTIMILLIONAIRE @senrobportman wants to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS of Americans to give MASSIVE TAX CUTS to the RICH!!!

#ConManRob
What are you doing for Puerto Rico? How will you vote on Graham Cassidy?
Healthcare should be put on the backburner for a couple of weeks. Lives are at stake in Puerto Rico. GOP cruelty knows no bounds.
MILLIONAIRE @senrobportman wants to GUT Ohio healthcare funding by $161 BILLION, so he & his BILLIONAIRE donors can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!
Save our children!! #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 

Every major health organization, or Donald Trump? This bill isn't dead yet. Tell your senators which side you're on: (855) 999-1663 
