Quit your job. #constituentsmatter #NoOnGorsuch #itslikeyouwanttobefired
Ohioans, its time to get Portman OUT of OFFICE for good! Terribly CORRUPT politician!
You're a disappointment to our state and to our country. #noprobenorobe #resist
No on Gorsuch.  We need someone who doesn't believe corporations are people!  #noprobenorobe
OHIO DOES NOT AGREE, VOTE NO ON GORSUCH
So was Merrick.  You're unbelievable.
who u trying to convince do yr job Russians in WH
A lifetime Supreme Court appointment should not be made by a president under investigation and a cloud of scandal.
By "cloud" you mean "75 story pile of cow dung," right?
#blockGorsuch until all federal investigations complete. You made us wait a year ignoring Garland. You can wait
Also,  I am normally against doxxing someone.  I hope you and your 49 compatriots enjoy that inevitability.
C'mon Rob, you were chosen to speak for #Ohioans not 
As long as you are a corporation and not a person you will love him.
No Probe, no robe.
As was Garland. You remember the guy you wouldn't even meet with.
Keep ignoring us and you will see how we change your majority. #noprobenorobe #russiagate #MerrickGarland
you are deplorable.
And the same could be said for Judge Merrick Garland, yet you refused to give him the opportunity for a vote.
So... you're planing to vote for Putin's man's man... hummm. Putin would have told the trucker to freeze to death too.
Gorsuch is another corporate tool!! #NOGORSUCH!
what the hell is wrong with you? NG is probably one of the worse picks of all time.  You're ability to govern is off!
we see you tweeting the R party line. For once put constituency over party. Vote no on Gorsucj #stolenSCOTUS
No, he's not. You are lying so hard it's a miracle that your bribe filled pants haven't caught fire. What's the going rate on your soul?
so was Garland. Where were your principles then?
Gorsuch got to speak to the Senate about his record. You and the rest of your party denied J. Garland that opportunity.
That would be M.
J. for Judge
I'm a constituent-No on Gorsuch until Trump/Russia ties resolved! Shame in all you Rs to help destroy EVERYTHING we Have!
I'm a constituent too. 45631. NO to Gorsuch until the red cloud of Russian suspicion is cleared.
Me too (Although it hurts to admit it!) 44691
Then you agree that the truck driver should have sat quietly and die? Surely you wouldn't call that fair-minded, or would you?
his views are alt right
#garland
So is Merrick Garland. Vote no until Merrick Garland is renominated.
except no?
FUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD!
As long as you don't have to choose between defying your boss and freezing to death. Then you are shit out of luck.
His record says he is NOT for #America
So was Merrick Garland you Ohio traitor.
Rob took $89,000 from the Telecom Industry.  He sold out Ohioans for $89k  That's all our privacy is worth to Rob. #DontReElectRobPortman
His record does indeed speak for itself.   If you are a worker and have to choose to die or protect a broken corporate truck.  Then die.
No.  Gorsuch too evasive
Bull!U don't listen to the constituents. WE DON'T WANT HIM! This and other issues leads me to believe you're unfit to serve. U don't listen!
I'd have more respect for you if you just admitted GOP stole seat from Garland.
Is that why he believes truckers should freeze to death before temporarily leaving their rig at a gas station to seek warmth
Really? I think @realDonaldTrump has you in his pocket. I would believe this could be the end of republicans in office. #OhioVoter
Judge Garland also deserved a hearing and confirmation. #noprobenorobe
#confirmgarland
all these tweets.  Who are trying to convince? Suspect you are getting opposition. Methinks OH disagrees.
So he ruled against trucker who wldve frozen to death had he not separated truck from trailer & sought shelter for which he was fired?
He's fair-minded if you own a large business. Vote NO!
Rob hmmmmm......perfect name for this.
I'll say it again. #stolenseat #MerrickGarland
Rob Portman hates veterans, soldiers, soldiers families, women, children, and anyone else that isn't a rich white male with a tiny penis.
The question I ask you to ask yourself @senrobportman is "for whom is he fair-minded?"  It is not for ALL. #NoToGorsuch @OhioDistrict12

u sound like a broken record. Say it enough maybe it's true? He has demonstrated consistent bias toward corporations. #voteno
illegitimate nominee of an illegitimate president
Do not appoint a judge while Trump is under investigation. Ohio is watching.  We need ethical, responsible legislators 
#CountryOverParty
I'm embarrassed to say I'm from Ohio
Can't say I disagree but so was Judge Merrick Garland. I am having a hard time getting past the absolute mistreatment of his nomination
no he isn't
So was Merrick Garland.  Did you stand up to support him?  No?  You're just another party hack.  I can't believe I voted for you.
Except he's not because he was nominated by an illegitimate president.
You are a liar, a thief and as corrupt as hell. You sat on your ass and stole Garland's seat now you're giving it to another corrupt liar.
No to Gorsuch! He is not for US.  He answers to corporations and smashes the little folks.
You know who was fair minded and qualified?  Merrick Fucking Garland.
It's a STOLEN seat and YOU KNOW THAT! Do what is right! STOP helping Trump destroy our country! No Probe No Robe!
DeVos, Pruitt, Ross, Sessions.....yeah, your voting record is in question.  Say NO
The people demand independent investigation into Russia collusion/No Probe-No Robe/what happened to u people-u all lost it?
He is not mainstream. Vote no. He sides with corporations and big business over individuals. #frozentrucker.  Ohio voters are watching.
you're right. he's totally fair minded. As long as you aren't a worker, or a woman, or LBGTQ.
My God, the balls on you. You ever stood on the right side of history, ever?  Gorsuch before Gartland is counter to democracy.  Shameful.
No, he's not.
Are you so Trumpy that you don't even think before you tweet? Read the replies. You are with the ~1%. That's not enough for re-election.
I can't be with you on this one. 1) Merrick Garland, 2) Corporations aren't people, 3)Russiagate, 4) too far right.
The Constitution speaks for itself. The President nominates judges and it is the responsibility of the Senate to provide advice and consent.
It's Garland's seat!
@POTUS promised a justice who would overturn Roe. If @SenateDems won't #confirmgorsuch, strap Judge Bill Pryor to the nuke instead! #MAGA
Just stop. You are sounding desperate, which is no surprise considering the candidate. 
From the man that voted for DeVos Pruit Sessions.
Votes to Defund Planned Parenthood. Even after 80% pop are against it.  
Try listening to your constituents. WE DON'T AGREE and WE DON'T WANT GORSUCH.
It'll never happen we can't pay him enough.
Sir;  Be prepared the Senate democrats are going to make this process very ugly.
This is the same #Gorsuch hand picked by #PresidentBannon who ran the racist hate site @BreitbartNews.
it sure does, BIG BUSINESS GOOD, WOMEN'S RIGHTS BAD...you and GORSUCH can SUCK IT!
NOPE

Then why the dark money to promote him?
Seriously? No way should he be confirmed until it's confirmed we don't have a POTUS who colluded with the Russians to be elected. #pickaside
2016 Mitch McConnell: Blocking a SCOTUS nominee is a principled, patriotic act.
