The bill kicks 14 million people off Medicaid because those making $200,000 a year ostensibly cannot afford a 3.8% tax on investment income
and what % of someone's labor do you feel entitled to? Just curious
i'm one of those people who pays the 3.8%, but thanks for your condescension.
the 3.8 on gains was added. U also pay 2x MCare tax on ALL of your income (not just abv threshold) to $1.
so $199999 vs $200K means paying 2xs MCare tax for $1
Thank you, @senrobportman. I think this is a giant step back for Ohio and America. It will make opiod crisis worse & hurt poor and sick.
@senrobportman he doesn't give a shit about poor or disabled or sick people.
I think Senator Portman does indeed care and even asked for our thoughts. Please be respectful. fyi I'm a long term Dem voter.
Respectful? He was 1 of the 13 senators that went behind closed doors to help make this garbage. @senrobportman lost Ohioans repect long ago
When I called, the office staffer stated Portman just saw the bill yesterday. It was drafted almost entirely by Mitch McConnell's office.
@senrobportman was 1 of the 13 that assisted in the locked room away from Americans. He's well aware of the garbage he helped make.
Thanks for asking! My dad turns 80 this year and I'm really worried about the huge cuts to Medicaid.
We relied heavily on Medicaid with my gramma. There are many elderly who will have to choose between food and medicine.
Our loved ones will die! How could you do that?
Thx for asking.  Pls don't support this bill. Americans deserve better!
Universal Healthcare is the only moral option.
Ricardo - what is your avg yearly amt in Charitable Contributions?  How bout u Topher?
Are you ok?
just curious if charity starts with you or do u just advocate the use of others means?
You seem confused. We're talking about health care, & the new Senate bill, not charity. That's an entirely different, separate, conversation
no - we're talking abt taking from some to provide to another.  That's charity, unless we're Marx
That's what *you're* talking about. Apparently you think things like the military, highways, etc are charity, not common goods/services
providing Subsidies to some for a *mandated* purchase by taking from another is not abt services
Vote No. Start over. Work w Ds & all stakeholdrs. Nd transparency & time for public input. Inc covrge & lower costs. No to tax cuts for rich
I am served by critical access hospital in a rural island community. Sacrificing Medicaid/Medicare will likely deep-six our hospital.
It hurts our country's most vulnerable - children!
I think it was written deliberately to look horrifying. Can see u or other mod R propose amendment reducing cuts to Medicaid, making you 1/2
look like a hero. U save face, some people are mollified, and some might forget u voting for every awful cabinet pick. Helps u in 2022. 2/2
Accomplishes nothing - premiums rise; out-of-pkt rise; millions more uninsured; opoid epidemic increases; middle class sinks ...
Please justify your tax cuts for the wealthy at the expense of healthcare for vulnerable populations! #justvoteno
I think people throughout Ohio are going to die as a direct result of this bill, if it gets passed.
They will die, prematurely and from preventable causes. And all for the sake of a tax cut to the wealthiest of Americans.
That is a truly informed and incorrect statement. Just want until Obamacare implodes and then see who lives and dies.
The ACA is failing d/t @GOP & @POTUS  withholding funding for risk corridors. 45,000 died each year before ACA. Since implementation 1/x.
That number has been declining. Repealing ACA will reverse that trend & lead to premature deaths from preventable causes. 2/x
History has shown this. That @GOP & @POTUS ignore these, & other consequences is nothing less than depraved indifference. 3/3 #resist
It's evil. It takes away care for the most vulnerable people in our state so the wealthy can get yet another tax break.
It will actively hurt my loved ones and return us to the world where I couldn't get health insurance when working freelance. Please vote no.
Under this bill more people will die of treatable illnesses, and more people will be bankrupted by medical costs. This bill is pro-misery.
It is not good at all! I implore you to fix ACA not repeal it! Too many people will lose care or won't be able to afford this. Ew bill!
This bill repeals essential health benefits which include mental health, hospitalization, and maternity.
It will collapse the economy under the dual weights of MORE unnecessary tax breaks to the wealthy, while pulling the rug out from under US!
It also provides no relief to poor unrepresented expats who are harmed with double-taxation problems
Yes, fix the ACA! But LISTEN to your constituents who work hard and  pay taxes who want AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE. Get this  done right!
Hard pass.
DON'T CUT OUR CARE
Why bother asking when every Ohioan knows you're going to put party over country and vote for this despicably cruel bill anyway?
You've made it clear u don't think u are accountable 2 us & instead vote how u think is best. So go ahead & do it again on this bill.
And we'll vote how we think is best next time you're up for election.
Vote no. You will devastate our state if you vote yes. It will lead to countless deaths and job loss (from healthcare industry)
No! This plan only works for healthy people.  Dump it and start over. Why aren't you getting input from healthcare innovators?????
How are you going to vote? For the health of the constituents in your state? Or the way the republican party wants you to vote? Just say no.
If you want to to hurt Americans, pass this bill. I thought that'd be rather obvious. At least you asked.
I think its obvious there wasn't a woman at the table.  I think its mean and lethal and sexist.
I think removing mandatory coverage for maternity treatment is bullshit.
I think defunding planned parenthood, esp in light of the cuts to Medicaid and the insurers' option to refuse maternity benefits is bullshit
I think requiring low income working moms to return to work 60 days after childbirth or lose medicaid coverage is bullshit
I think that this is reprehensible considering the US already has one of the highest rates of maternal death of any developed country.
I think making it harder and more expensive for women to access birth control carry and birth babies is going to increase abortions.
I think making it harder and more expensive for women to accesa birth control and carry and birth babies is going to kill women.
I think I feel disposable to the GOP.
actually we (your constituents) would like to hear your thoughts and if this is a bill you would be proud to put your name on
Horrible. Why does the GOP hate Americans?
This is an act of political violence on 23 million people
I think your constituents have spoken... This bill is a terrifying threat to Ohioans and Americans. Represent us properly by voting no.
This would be devastating to so many families that have no way to pay for mental health care - don't cut please
I think this is terrible. You must really hate the poor and love the rich.  This is insane. 13 men decide my health care?  5O get to vote?
The Senate's version of AHCA is not a health care bill. It's a tax bill. Very few are helped by the AHCA, and those that are don't need it.
Are you fucking high?!!!
So much to say, Senator. Maybe you should have a few townhalls before the vote so we can tell you in person?
It's cruel to take health care away from the most vulnerable to give tax cuts to the wealthy.Shame on you.What would your mother think?
Seriously.  What would your mother and grandmother think of you?  Medicare and Medicaid were enacted to protect the elderly and poor.
The proposed health care bill is a disaster for seniors, those on medicaid and for the nation as a whole. Please vote NO!!!
Vote Yes!
Expanded healthcare for all people of Ohio is the direction we need. Since this bill does not expand healthcare please VOTE NO.
Buckeyes have spoken: AHCA is NOT for US. Watching & listening. Stand tall and make us proud. CBO=facts. Facts R facts. NO ON AHCA!
Three words senator: single payer NOW
My family is fortunate enough to be covered by a good employer sponsored plan, but bluntly? Dude, this bill could kill us. 3.
Egregious.  Just amazing.  Tax cuts for the wealthy, while we leave the already poor in a desperate position.  Pass it and millions suffer.
Please vote no. Healthcare is not a partisan issue.
you know Ohio is looking at a $1billion shortfall in budget already? How can we cover Medicaid expansion that YOU support?
Thank You for asking. I'm not a constituent, but I'M AN AMERICAN and this affects ALL OF US. GOP needs to work with Dems to #SaveTheACA
it’s bad rob
This bill will hurt me, my business, my son with disabilities, and my inlaws on Medicaid! Vote no!
I donate to opposing campaigns of Congressional candidates who try to sacrifice my health and job by voting to regress health care like this
I urge you to vote no.
New Ohioan here. Concerned that my Senator was involved in crafting this ridiculous tax break pretending to be health care reform.
Do you really want to know? Okay. Here we go...

1. Unconscionable Medicaid cuts.
2. Makes the individual market worse.
3. Handout to rich.
Define "rich".  Seriously.
This bill will devastate million of American families. It will significantly worsen the opioid crisis which you constantly advocate for

Why the super rich deserve a tax cut & the poor don't deserve our help is completely beyond me. What is the rationale? We're listening...
There are 0 congressional districts rich enough for most households to benefit from this.
It stinks like a dying mans shit. And he died because he had this healthcare.
This is bad. No cuts to medicaid!
Taking from the poor to give to the rich is backwards. Check with Robin Hood if you don't believe me.
I'd like Tort responsibility for Attys in Medical Liability cases..those add a ton to HC costs
How can you even consider supporting a bill that will cut treatment for people battling opioid addiction? An issue you claim to care about!
I have spoken with you in person. I believe you're a good man who cares for his constituents, but you need to act accordingly.
Don't see how reps voting yes will sleep at night or face themselves in the mirror, let alone their constituents. All for a tax cut? #SHAME
2 adult kids w/PE conditions. 1 recovering from brain tumor. 1-w/RA. This bill puts them both at risk & must not pass. Please. For my kids.
The ABTA, Children's Hospital Assoc, AARP, AMA, AHA, FAH, Amer Cancer Society, Amer Health Care Assoc are all against this bill and more.
What becomes of Medicaid safety net 4 seniors spent thru their savings & living at assist'd living facilities? There's a retirement crisis!
You would be obliterating infrastructure caring 4 seniors with retirement crisis approaching. Median savings 51-60 @ $17k. No medicaid?
The bill is despicable, as has been the process. It's unconscionable to sacrifice American lives for the sake of lining a few pockets.
Clearly, you and the other architects know that you're ruining lives, otherwise this process would have been transparent and open for debate
Supporting this legislation sentencing your constituents to death. You cannot support us in Ohio and also support this bill.
Please vote NO on this bill
REJECT THE BILL, PLEASE!!
This bill will be the albatross around your neck, your legacy, forever. Ohio voters will not forget whose side you are on. #HealthcareBill
Please vote no, as so many of us (your constituents and community) have called and asked you to do.
What's bad: Medicaid cuts, defunding @PPact, too little funding to opioid crisis, cutting Prevention and Public Health, adding caps.
PP had $750K to spend on a recent election in a losing cause....huh?
Thousands of families in Ohio are depending on you to stop this measure that would take away their healthcare.
I absolutely opposed to this legislation. The solution is simple. Provide the same healthcare that you have as our senator. No more-no less
Brilliant! Couldn't be clearer. Fair and equitable. And the details have already been worked out.
well, as an Ohio resident, I think it sucks man. Our medicaid expansion here has been incredibly successful and we need opioid help.
Should be noted that the Opiod crisis extends beyond a health crisis too.  Small biz have jobs they can't fill bc ppl show up with tracks.
Yeah I am beginning a hiring process now and this is my least favorite part of the process.
Consider your constituents & many millions of Americans, who will lose healthcare coverage under this bill.  Vote NO #SenateHealthCareBill
It's a crock of crap! If you vote yes on this I will be ashamed.
Senate GOP Bill cuts health care for poor, but adds obscure provision to give Insurance Co's a tax break for CEO pay over $500,000.
and she is independently living and contributing to society thanks to her covered services. Please vote NO!
What's good: my taxes may go down some. But I'll be paying more for premiums so it is a wash. You need to vote no on this.
@senrobportman, I'm young, healthy, and have a middle-class income. So what do I care? It's about my neighbors, community, Ohio & country.
bundled, group, or capitated payment systems lower costs! ACA does this! Let it work! -RN and MPH student
my sister is disabled, Medicaid covers her healthcare including behavior therapy that keeps her employed....
nobody is cutting Medicaid for disabled. I have 2 fam members which rely on. It's does cut it for able-bodied
it leaves mental health up to the state too-that's what she needs most. Keeps her employed!
It belongs in the garbage. All Ohioans and all Americans deserve better
Rob, I've written you before and I'm writing you again. Vote No. I know Republicans are trying to find a middle ground, but there isn't one.
I'm still waiting on my requested call back from last week.
It sucks and you are about to be unemployed if you back it, hows that sound for a comment
People will suffer immensely.  Please include drug addiction services and mental health as part of the bill. Also the disabled.
You don't need us to tell you #trumpcare bill is devastating for Americans. Read it.
The present Repub bill is terrible for Ohio citizens. Terrible for those who need healthcare the most. You know it is bad. Vote no.
So, do you get it? Ohio says vote NO!
Terrible, a transfer of wealth to the top. How about you pass a NHS bill and make the wealthy pay for it.
Lifetime caps will destroy my family economy. My wife has PBC and her meds will cap her b4 her liver fails. Vote no please
It doesn't expand care, increase the quality of care or protect vulnerable populations. It does given massive tax breaks to the rich. NO!
Senator, I have said repeatedly, this should be bipartisan effort, not done in secret.  Vote NO & reach across the aisle. Hold hearings!
If this BS had been law 1 year ago, my 90 year old gma would be dead after Medicare booted her from nurse care #ProtectOurCare #KilltheBill
if you want to have any claim to being a Christian, you must vote against it. Whatever you do to the least of these... Sound familiar?
Vote no, @senrobportman. This bill = millions lose coverage, Medicaid cut, employee coverage & opioid crisis get worse. Hurts Ohio. Vote NO!
Since I won't be able to afford healthcare insurance due to my age, I will send my medical bills to you!
This bill's a disaster for the poor and sick. How many calls have you gotten from constituents saying this is a GOOD bill? How many opposed?
If you care aboutopiod addiction then don't vote to put a insurmountable obstacle between addicts and treatment by decimating Medicaid.
You absolutely must vote no. If you are even remotely serious in your concern of Ohio's opiate crisis that you constantly tweet about...NO!!
Please do NOT vote for this bill!  The citizens you are representing need a better choice than this!
People who cap out must still be cared for, so they go indigent and it will have to get paid somehow. So many holes in this so called plan.
Mitch McConnell says he doesn't want to have any debate or discussion about something that affects The fifth of the economy, healthcare.
You would cut 700,000 people off Medicaid. ER primary health care again.
Millions will lose insurance, including the elderly & young, while giving huge tax breaks to the rich. This is a monstrosity. #Trumpcare
Ohio is #1 in opioid overdose deaths.
It is not possible to fight the opioid crisis effectively without Medicaid expansion.
Unacceptable.
Did you read it? That's a yes or no answer
the senate's bill cuts medicaid even more than the house bill did. this will destroy poor families fighting opiod addictions in our state.
I live in Ohio and I think it is a horrible bill. Vote against it if you care about your constituents.
I wholeheartedly do not support this or you. You crafted a bill that will only end in degraded well being of your constituents
As you KNOW this is a tax break for the wealthy @ the expense of the rest of us. 7 plus years of time and this is what they come up with? NO
It's a no for me, Senator! Do what's right and vote this down. Fix the ACA and serve those you've promised to represent.
Formerly of 45215: As a primary care physician (boarded by @ABIMcert & @ab_peds) and member of the @AmerAcadPeds, I do not support this bill
medicaid  - that's a small piece of the rest of this mess. You will get something and then vote yes. You are a party follower all the way.
This bill does not guarantee insurance.
It is a tax giveaway to the rich.
Abandons addicts you are fighting for.
Senseless legislation.
I think it's an unconscionable transfer of wealth from the poorest to the richest. It's about Wealth Care, not Health Care.
I want to make sure everyone has healthcare even if it costs me few more dollars. This bill is no better than the House Bill!
I see nothing in this bill that makes healthcare better, more accessible, or more affordable. Please vote NO @senrobportman #Bad4Ohio
It seems like the only point is to make yourself richer while taking healthcare and Medicaid from the most vulnerable.
This bill is nothing more than a way to make CEO's richer at the expense of children, the elderly, and the sick. It is unAmerican.
It's the bizarro Robin Hood bill that steals from the poor and gives to the wealthy. Good thing you just got elected.
I strongly oppose this bill due to the "exclusion of any health plan which covers abortion." Abortion is legal ~ women have right to choose
Please please don't vote for this bill. I realize the ACA has issues that need to be dealt with but this isn't the replacement Ohio needs
It's %
Please vote NO. This is a terrible bill that will affect so many people negatively. Stand up for Ohio. Vote NO.
Please Sir, I implore you to vote NO on this bill.  It is too cruel to bear.
Apart from massive tax cut for "elites" that #GOP purports so much disdain, how does bill actually make improvements on HEALTHCARE over ACA?
This is lunacy.  Guts protections for preexisting conditions and Medicaid! It's a payoff to providers and a tax cut for the rich! Hurts Ohio
@senrobportman I am opposed to this bill which eliminates access and affordability for pre existing conditions.
Lost my insurance for next yr thanks to @gop  Was fine thru Marketplace under ACA. Hurts me & older siblings w/ Medicaid cuts
I think .@SenateGOP #Trumpcare care more about lining pockets of rich and powerful who keep them in office than lives of ordinary Americans
This bill harms our brave veterans, the disabled, & the poor. Passing this bill will sign their death warrants. #KILLTHEBILL #TW
I think it's an outrage that you would support a bill to cut Medicaid to give rich people a tax break.  I'm a constituent. 44107.
This is one of the most vile pieces of legislation ever conceived by US and hope you, one of the 13 writers, had little say in it. Vote no.
This bill is a piece of crap and those who wrote it should be ashamed
If you wouldn't want this coverage for your own family why would you want it for constituents NO
#wealthcare #StopTrumpcare
CHECK YOUR VOICE MAIL
Thanks for asking.This bill is an abomination, fixes nothing and will harm efforts to stem the opioid crisis you claim to care about. NO!
the bill betrays your promises to expand coverage, make it affordable, & address the opioid epidemic. gutting medicaid is unconscionable.
A bunch of us took a bus to D.C. to try to talk with you & tell you our thoughts. But you were too busy talking with $$ to meet us.
This is not my job.  This is your job! My special needs child, our medicaid waiver, is SO much cheaper than institutional care.  WAKE UP!!!
Just say NO!  Please-- say no to this cruel and heartless legislation. Please look deep into your conscience and vote NO.
I'll repeat the message I left your DC office. Tell @SenateMajLdr you won't vote for any #HealthcareBill before 7/4. Talk w/ Ohioans 1st.
This bill is terrible for kids, working Americans, and elderly. This bill was created in secrecy. Healthcare should not be politicized.
@senrobportman You are failing Ohioans!!!!!!
Call @senrobportman he wants to know what you think about the #HealthCareBill
I think it is a terrible plan.
Do not take this lightly. Please. Vote no.
2/ . . .Women, children . . . this bill hurts EVERYONE. Please stand up for Ohioans and vote no.
It ducks out of gutting Essential Health Benefits by allowing states to block-grant them. Per Capita caps not acceptable. Pls VOTE NO!
As an Ohioan, I would like to see you align yourself with @GovKasich and vote no on principle simply bc the policy was written in the dark.
Be honest why ACA isnt working, volitile market etc. Dont let big pharma, lobbyists write bill, Medicare For All, get Big Corp out People in
Knowing the status of the OH budget & economy, no one w/ a conscience could possibly vote for this bill, unless UR an undertaker or a killer
I am a constituent from solon Ohio. I'm against the bill for several reasons, including the # of uninsured it  will leave and the process.
Awful legislative process. It fulfills a platform promise to the detriment of many Americans. That isn't governing. It's pandering.
I think it is immoral and I will not forget if you vote for it.
It's a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans! 
Vote NO!
I think you should vote NO. I care for a lot of geriatric Medicaid recipients that want you to vote NO as well.
Please use your power for us and and vote no to throwing  700,000 Ohians off coverage. It's incredible that this is even a question.
You are expected to get coverage for everybody in Ohio. Me retired at  63 is hosed if this goes thru. I will work again but against you.
Please, Senator. Listen to us. We care about our families, our children, our aging parents. Please do note vote to support this. 43206
Vote "NO"!  You will be risking your seat at the next election otherwise
Also, I can't get thru to your offices on the phone. Check your messages!
Are you joking? This is a disaster. A healthcare plan is supposed to help us obtain Healthcare! It's not supposed to make it more difficult.
Vote no! This is literally catastrophic for Ohioans.
Please think of Ohio and vote no.
I think you'll complain about the process then cave and vote to let Ohioans die because... reasons.
It sucks. 
Please vote NO! This is not the bill that will protect Ohio's most vulnerable citizens or help the Opioid Crisis in our state.
How many Ohioans will lose their healthcare coverage under this plan? Let's talk numbers.
This is horrific. Please tell us you're not voting for it.
What do experts say? NO. How about hearings? will U vote no w/o due process. As heartless as HB. Have courage - resist McC for constituents
This does not serve the people or providers. The 3 that won't suffer: lobbyists, rich, repub egos. This is pure politics. #KillTheBill
To fix the healthcare problem, fix Pharma first.
you vote for this, remember I vote too  #VoteNo
Senator, I would like to know what will happen to our elderly parents in nursing homes when they hit the lifetime cap. Do you know? Unclear.
It is the worst piece of legislation the Senate has proposed in my lifetime and that's not an exaggeration
As an Ohioan, I would like to see both sides work together to ensure all that need coverage will get it.  This legislation doesn't work.
We have been -keep existing health benefits, Medicaid expansion and coverage for pre-existing conditions! Show humanity and oppose the bill!
This text requires reading the house bill to interpret. It sounds like it hurts the poor and weak and benefits the rich. Work with Dems. FIX
I have read this bill just as I read the ACA bill when it was released. No health care bill is perfect, but this one is just cruel. Vote no.
This legislation hurts too many Ohioans and Americans. Please put people – the majority of people, not just a small group – before party.
But in all honesty, passing this bill is nothing but a death sentence to your disabled, mentally ill, and otherwise in deed constituents
*need. For example, although prexisting conditions are still covered, if you have a condition where you need to see X specialist and -
It's vile and offensive to anyone with a brain and/or heart.
Please vote no!
Please vote no!  This bill is good only for the rich.  It's bad for women.  Bad for the poor with the Medicaid cuts.
Please show God's mercy, vote no on this bill which takes from the poor and give to the wealthy
No coverage for birth control, pre-natal care, the actual birth, or for the child after birth. For up to 70% of births.  It's Shit. Vote No.
As an Ohioan, I am begging you to vote no on this healthcare nonplan. It is as if it were a deliberate attempt to screw the most vulnerable
Please vote NO! Or other wise, please vigorously work with your Republican colleagues to amend this unjust new policy. (7)
This will literally kill the tremendous progress the disability community has made.
Put Ohio's people first. Do NOT vote for this!  Ohio elected you 2 represent all of this state not tax cuts 4 rich or special interest
Seems like a terrible bill and you should focus on stabilizing Obamacare please.
I think you should support women of Ohio and protect their access to Planned Parenthood.
My Ohio relatives & friends (& I) think it's terrible. You have no business voting for it. Voter suppression will not save you this time.
It's a cruel bill and you know it! Vote NO. #StopAHCA #StopTrumpcare #dotherightthing
Please vote no!  Taking away healthcare from the poor and disabled to give more money to the wealthy.   INHUMANE!
