We may not agree on every policy issue, but I believe he always has the best interests of our country at heart.
Wish I could say the same about you
:  Honorable people don't lie at the hearings or 2 public.  This Man Is Not Honorable. Don't support Trump firing him.
And while we're at it - what you're doing in the Senate right now, this process that affects our lives, it makes Democracy look like a sham.
Makes @senateGop look like sham. #Democracy is being revived in US! 10s of 1000s of people participating! 2018 many GOPs will lose! #Resist
Need to make sure we get out the vote and ensure our voting systems are sound. Last point is important - needs to be a big push for this.
You do realize we are a republic right?
There are some of us that have been and are being hurt by #ACA
Assert your power as a Senator NOW, Mr. Portman. Take a stand against the MTP. Block Trump from damaging the Rule of Law.
NOW! It will only get harder to check this out-of-control POTUS. Balance of power requires the timely use of that power.
You are quick to the rescue of a grown man who was tweeted about by his boss. Can you do the same for cancer patients today and vote no?
POTUS attacks Democratic institutions and craps on the Constitution DAILY, and you guys, while waving your flags, look the other way. JOKE
No kidding.
And discriminating against the #LGBT community
then stand up to this President
I hope you have convictions and principles when you cast your vote. Think of my son with brain cancer.
You guys are tribal. You care about each other, and that's about it.  Principles of democracy? Meh, let the Dems care about that, right?
Vote no on the motion to proceed on the Senate Health Care bill. Listen to Gov. Kasich and the AMA, etc. VOTE NO.
I hear he is voting yes.  Time for him to no longer be a senator.  Let the campaign against him begin!
And Josh Mendel. Keep Sherrod Brown!
What about defunding the EAC in charge of voting integrity, while implementing a voter suppression scam by Kobach. Doesn't concern you?
If you guys pass this health bill, in this crappy way, what does it say that you would be willing to sacrifice American lives for 1% breaks?
We're on a shaky precipice now, and GOP seems to just whistle through the graveyard. Are we all just suckers for buying into this system?
GOP has been complicit in so much wrong doing thus far, it's mind-blowing.  The public trust erodes daily.  DO SOMETHING
Money speaks for money, Senator.
Rule of law??? From the days of Jim Crow maybe. Do you have white sheets too???
That is why Trump now hates him!
There is no honor among thieves.  The clown running the circus does not share his peanuts.
POTUS does not believe in the rule of law or the independence of the Justice Dept. Why don't you speak out or act on that?
And BTW, I'm one of your constituents.
But does he agree in the rule of law for everyone?
he is also a racist bigot who lied during his confirmation hearings.
You are a corporatist fraud and he is a racist crook.
Can you please make a stand somewhere and stop playing it safe all the time? @realDonaldTrump's behavior demeans all Republicans, Im ashamed
@realDonaldTrump treatment of @jeffsessions is the bridge too far for you @senrobportman ?!?
so you're a racist too
I am so disappointed in you @senrobportman on so many levels. Do not vote for any bill that will take away health care from millions.
You'll defend Sessions but not healthcare. #disappointed
un recuse
Yeah good luck with this whitehouse
Woe unto you who legislates evil,who makes laws that make victims. Laws that make misery for the poor & rob my destitute people of dignity.
There's no honor in lying under oath. Sessions is an unprincipled racist who got in bed with DJT and deserves what he gets.
You've got to be kidding me. He fucking lied to you and your fellow senator's face when it came to Russian collusion.
Totally disagree with that assumption.
Nah.
Well that sums up just how wrong you are on soooooooo many levels #voteportmanout
you failed Ohio today with your vote. You failed the most vulnerable.
He is NOT an honerable man!  Lied, did not disclose meetings w/Russians, etc.  Ur character judgement is very questionable Senator!
And sessions isn't a senator anymore and should report to his boss who appointed him, THE PRESIDENT!
Well, that tells us everything we need to know about your sense of honor, now doesn't it.
Yeah, well, our President is NOT such a man. What are YOU prepared to do when the time comes?

Just when I think you can't get any grosser, you surprise me. Impressive!
Your party line overshadows the needs of real people . Mr. Sessions has always been extreme and has always advocated for his own agenda.
But you'll turn you're back on him for $45B for your #opioidepidemic pet-project?
What!? For real? You just voted to unfund a poor kid with cancer and your worried about a dude that met with the Kremlin?
Your POTUS disagrees.  What do YOU plan to do about it?
Jeff Sessions is a racist but even Sessions doesn't deserve to be treated with such disrespect.
Why do you think Trump is so upset that Sessions recused himself? Is this the behavior of an innocent man?
Ugh. He is many things but honorable is not one of them
And yet u voted the party line against  constituents wishes today on ACA. But Sessions,  a documented racist, u defend. I don't get u man.
He's also a racist
Like racism
Jeff Sessions is a creep, but he shouldn't be shoved out because Der Trumpf wants to hide.
When will you do something about the nut in the White House.
Sessions lied to the Senate. He and you do not have the best interest of our country at heart. Stand up and put country over party for once.
You're a total joke man. Playing the moderate card to disguise your disgusting views. Ohioans are dying while you defend treason.
But yet you're to busy kissing the ass of the corrupt clown who is bashing your friend. You're a sellout and we in Ohio want you out
Rob, one simple question. Are you afraid of Trump like Ryan is?
He's a TREASONOUS POS that should be in PRISON for PERJURY!  He then should be tried and executed for TREASON!
Wasnt he the guy in the 80s who was deemed "too racist" to be a judge.  Go back and watch some 80s movies,  then come back to us and tell us
I'm sorry, senator, but your description does not fit the man, at least the public one. Conviction? Principal? This is not been seen
I am a constituent and I think that Sessions is a traitor who colluded with an adversary to win the election. Integrity? I think not.
How can you say that with a straight face??
#Sessions Cant #INVESTIGATE FORMER #SENATOR,needs 2 appoint SP or there will be CONFLICT,#WTF #Clinton #ClintonFoundation are in HOT WATER
I don't believe any of that, but this is why you cave when Trump threatens. You're afraid of what he'll do and say about you.
and he lied under oath. SAD! birds of a feather, hmmm?
Senator, honorable person?  He lied in confirmation hearings and then had to recuse himself.  Please reconsider choice of words.
Then do something to keep the DOJ independence in line. Congress needs to check POTUS
Except for that bit about taking people's stuff when they haven't actually committed a crime -civil forfeiture.
And you're surprised that this is happening?

Trump is slandering and belittling him daily. Yet you'll do whatever Trump wants.  No integrity. You or him.
Hahaha. Except when you're accusing him of Russian collusion, right?
You have lost credibility to discuss conviction & principles today.  No go here.
He's also a known racist.
Thank you, Senator Portman.
He's a well documented racist and you should be ashamed for defending him...
who got behind a candidate that views loyalty as a 1-way street and seemingly lied in his confirmation hearing. Let's not pity him too much.
Whatever. Your party is a disaster - led by a buffoon...and today you chose loyalty to party over the best interests of you constituents.
Sessions is not honorable, He has a sketchy past with racism. Don't forget YOU represent the OHIO PEOPLE! #donotrepealACA #NoTrumpCare
Then clearly you don't know what honor is.
Which is why he met with Russian spies and collided against American democracy?
Do not proceed with debate. Make the ACA better. Make the ACA better.
Stand strong for Ohioans please
Vote no on repeal
He is a slime ball racist!  Honorable?!?!
So tired of you. Please just stop.
Why arent the American people your friends? After all we pay for your insurance.
Bollocks!
He will be thrown under the bus as all of you will be because there is no loyalty in the White House he is a deranged autocrat without honor
Right and he believes in private prisons/slavery for black people. He believes in stealing our private property without a warrant.
You can have the best interests of America at heart and still be wrong.  He should not have recused.
Yet you side with Trump.
Too bad the same can't be said for the President.  Of course, he doesn't understand the rule of law either...
Wow, this is pretty PA. Can you actually name names?
His deep convictions are racist. He lied in his confirmation hearing. How is that honorable?
I'm  barfing.... lol
Expect more heroin over doses due to your buddies passing this bill
that's what this is about. Don't be afraid to vote with the only man who is following through with his promises. Vote RIGHT
it's not a matter of being afraid of the president, what's that even mean? Republicans promised to get rid of Obumacare.
I hope you have buckeyes at heart and support our president and vote with us. Repeal and replace right? Let's get on with it
that's great, I hope so. He should pursue all who are suspected of collusion, this means the Clintons. Sick of the hypocrisy
EQUAL JUSTICE 4ALL! Y Clinton NOT INVESTIGATED? @TheJusticeDept @SenateGOP @tedcruz @SenMikeLee @freedomcaucus @replouiegohmert @LouDobbs
I'd rather see you defending Ohioans' healthcare instead of defending a racist bully who's being tormented by a racist bully.
so what the leader is through with him, he want him out and the same will happen to everyone in turn, loyalty ha
I'm so disappointed that I voted for you
Gullible, immoral. No idea how any person with education and the ability to think critically would stand by a lying weasel like Trump and JS
you going to throw him under the bus too, Rob?
Time to vote Portman out of office
Well Mr Portman he NEVER should have recused himself.In less than a month he recused himself in the Russia witch hunt and HRC investigation
You're a baby killer!
Qui cum canibus concumbunt cum pulicibus surgent!
And a racist who wasn't allowed to be a judge because of it.
Lol. Wish we could say the same for you
Jeff sessions is a virulent racist. A denier of voting rights. And, as he is a republican, an all around awful human being.
Trump HAS TO fire Sessions to get at Mueller...going to happen when the Senate is in recess
You are freaking kidding me 
But isn't he involved in disenfranchising lots of voters?   Doesn't he work for a unpatriotic clown that said McCain isn't a hero?
No he's not. He wants to confiscate property without a conviction.
Can't wait until 2018~vote you out of Ohio
About as honorable as a man whose vote just robbed millions of Americans of health care. You're a disgrace, Sen. Portman.
And he has been a strong supporter for Trump.
Sessions lied to Congress and you still support him. You have no principles.

Go away. I hope today's vote was the nail in your political coffin
Yet u chose 2 put ur loyalty behind #Trump, who is disparaging JS & not the people of Ohio who depend on the Medicaid expansion. #UVotedYea

All one has to do is look at your public donor record and see who's really lining your pockets. Certainly you don't work for Ohioans.
So you vote yes, what do my husband and I do about the eye he lost to cancer last year. You know, his pre-existing condition.
That is true, but if the President wants someone else that is his prerogative.Stop grand standing and vote to do what you said prior repeal
This is a moment we will never forget, Rob Portman 
Senator Rob Portman, with the gavel, trying to restore order as protesters in the Senate chamber scream, “Shame! Shame! Shame! Shame!"
Jeff Sessions didn't get you in the seat you sit in today, the citizens of Ohio got you in that seat. And we will take you out of that seat.
Could the same be said of you?  No, no it cannot
Your office wouldn't answer phoes. You sicken me.
If by conviction you mean racist, then yeah.
You just voted to kill babies, why should anyone believe anything you say?
You will fail Ohio miserably if you vote for this farce of a health care plan. You will not be reelected.
Many Americans fed up. Immigrants want to live here, then become legal with proper vetting. To many officials want to pocket money.
People before party. The people of Ohio have a lot to lose with the healthcare bill. Please vote no. Fix the ACA, don't repeal
I'd rather you represent the people of your district today then tell us how great Jeff Sessions is.
FENTYNAL...Brought in by illegals. Sanctuary States and Cities, many Americans homeless. So illegals can stay in shelters. 1st to get homes
Answer your GD phones coward
Then start impeachment proceedings @senrobportman before 45 throws you under the bus too.
Medicaid/Medicare cut worse then ever. So illegals can have medical, welfare, social security they're not (retired or disabled).
You showed you are not an honorable man with your vote today.
Despicable how he is being treated by POTUS, a man with no principles.  Sessions ate the  and is paying the price.
Trump appears out to destroy our political system. Please stand up to this and keep our Constitution and political system alive!
and a racist
How about Obama and his administration, as well as Hillary with Russia collusion. Definite proof of that. NO JUSTICE!
He's as honorable as you are, and there you have it.
Vote No! This makes no sense @GOP is letting @realDonaldTrump bully them like a child. People's lives are at stake! #ohio #SAVEACA
Sessions not by rule of law. No justice with Hillary Email corruption. Not even a investigation.
LIAR!  Keep being a puppet for Trump.  I vote no confidence in you!  Everything you say is a farce.  Resign coward!
how corrupt do you have to be to say sh!t like that
You stand up for Sessions but not the vulnerable in your state who need healthcare
I think Sessions is getting what he's dished out throughout his racist career! Karma is a tough thing sometimes! Lie with dogs, get fleas!
Wow-really? You may want to be pickier. Sessions is a true racist and I am ashamed that he represents any part of the govt.
he is a sh!t storm of a disaster
Sessions acted in a racist, bigoted and dishonest way as a white nationalist. And now we know what your values are.   #Sessions
You just voted to take healthcare away from millions. We will vote to unseat you
He's a racist, canoodler with Russia.
this is what POTUS does to people everyday.
As a proud Ohioain, I'm deeply sadden you're sticking with your party rather than the best interest of people of OH. You have failed us.
Shows how Trump will reward your loyalty if you risk your career for him by helping repeal ACA. Vote No on ACA repeal.
Is that why he believes it's ok to confiscate a person's property or cash,without being charged with a crime?Corruption at it's finest
Rob Portman who was on the fence will be voting 'Yes.' Looking forward to his vote out of office.
