The ONLY thing I agreed w Trump about is everyone should have coverage, regardless of if they can pay for it. #liar
which is just another lie of his. Lip service only.
Let's discuss at a town hall. Are you scared to face Ohioans, Rob? This is your final term.
so fix it!!
Dude. No insurance co is going to compete for sick/poor peeps $! They make $ by NOT paying out premiums collected!!!
then you need to explain how #trumpcare will lower costs
with Trump care there may be no medical insurers.
I'm so tired of hearing GOP say same thing about ACA over and over. Why don't you work to fix the problems?
two words: single payer.
ACA needs reform not repeal! Putting party ties over Ohioans will hurt low income families and Seniors!
what are you offering instead
Then fix it. We're much worse off without it. Do what your constituents want. Not your donors.
GOP eliminated Risk Corridors last yr, forcing plans to close. Fix what's wrong and add public option. #Trumpcare
employers only offer one health care insurer, so I'm not clear how that's indicative of failure
pass a plan that you and the other representatives MUST also enroll in. If it's good enough for us, it's good enough for YOU
DOESN'T MATTER HOW MANY OPTIONS YOU HAVE ACCESS TO IF YOU HAVE NO MONEY!!!!!
What have you done to fix it besides whine & vote to repeal?
listen to us! We are afraid of trumpcare! We want protected against insurance companies denying  pre existing conditions
so fix the ACA!   Don't make it *even worse* for those of us in single insurer counties such as Van Wert. FIX not replace.
you don't accurately represent Ohio if you only meet with people who agree with your POV.
how would you know ? you refuse your constituents a town hall, answer email & letters with form letters that don't relate
#midtermsarecoming
. No tax cuts for the super rich.
so why is Congress not going after the insurers! Backwards approach!
I blame the insurance companies. If not for the price of our premium, the coverage is very good! ACA in spirit was a good law
This is not true, @senrobportman and you know it. My healthcare plans cost WENT DOWN this year & went up an average of 1% for other Ohioans
under Trumpcare, 24 million won't have any insurers. How is that better?
it appears u r positioning for supporting the trumpcare.  Pls don't back off your original stance. We need it to work 4 All
Fix the #ACA! Trumpcare will only make things worse, @senrobportman ! And THIS business owner will remember come your re-election
you could increase the subsidies by raising taxes on the wealthy a very small amount.
do u really think any issues with the #ACA will be improved with #AHCA? PS lack of choice is the fault of insurers, not #ACA
COMPETITION IS A FANTASY A LIE AND A JOKE WHEN IT COMES TO HEALTH INSURANCE. WAKE UP
USE YOUR BRAIN!!! Insurance co are PROFIT driven! It's not about care for them!
it means one choice is better than no choice! That's what we had before. Nothing!
ACA works fine. If you want to fix healthcare, cut out the insurance middleman and move to single payer This will hurt people
**The GOP plan is a tax break for the ultra wealthy and nothing else!!**
Bologna!  GOP plan drops mental health and addiction treatment - see what that does to opioid addiction and ODS.
.@senrobportman Time to recognize #healthcare costs and limits on choice driven by #BigBusiness #Insurance.Save #ACA
@JohnKasich what about looking at the enormous cost of health care and RX, this is the key.
I am from the ppl who don't need ACA but don't mind paying more to help those who need it. AHCA is a bad alternative
So you dont simply repeal it and replace it with bullshit! This about politics it has nothing to do with providing care.#lies
seems like you could add/change ACA revisions rather than wipe it out and replace with something so very much worse??!
ACA has some issues, fix them.  Trumpcare is a disaster for Ohioans and you know it!
NO it means they want too much profit..US #1 in HC cost, #37 In quality.  Netherlands $100/mo HC insurance $350/yr deductible
This Ohio doctor supports the ACA. Listen to your constituents! Fix it, don't scrap it! #SaveTheACA
CBO says it's not in a death spiral, but GOP neglect is sending it downhill
I know! Make a single payer system! That's what we wanted in the first place and it would work better!
That is not a problem with the ACA, or at least not one that should be fixed by throwing the whole thing out.
no the ACA is not perfect, but the plan you want to replace it with is MUCH WORSE.
You must have missed the CBO report on AHCA.  AHCA means higher costs AND less coverage.
Well, that's not really ACA's fault.
OK fair enough. Then how about a single-payer plan for all. AHCA is horrifying.
This is really historical data. Talk about the bill that you will vote for. Seems to mean you intend to say yes.
so the solution is to delete health care for millions?
Add a public option.
It's not the ACA per se but the greed of the insurance companies and Republicans not wanting to fix it.
your republican replacement AHCA is total nonsense. Come up with something better. Be a leader not a follower
I SUPPORT #ACA and I want you to support it too.
…but you don’t really care about your constituents, you care about your wealthy donors and yourself.
If you actually cared about your constituents’ healthcare you’d support @PPact
So improve #ACA. #TrumpCare would be a disaster for everyone but the wealthiest.
Better to have one provider than not being able to afford coverage at all.
So how do you want to fix it. Hope it's not #trumpcare with the #agetax so that many people can't afford insurance.#deathplan
Don't repeal, improve!
then fix it but do not vote ACHA - Trumpcare! Would betray your constituents. Town Hall to talk about it or too scared?
so accept the orange monsters plan and kill the elderly (like yourself) & the poor.
time for SINGLE PAYER.
The issue is cost not coverage.
then improve it, don't repeal it. GOP had six years to do something better and #TrumpcareIsWorseThan we could have imagined.
I will vote you our
keep selling that lie while you get richer, have sickdays and total coverage. While  riding on my back.
bullshit
you wasted 7 years when you could have been improving the ACA or drafting a replacement.  Instead opted for political points
OK, but how do YOU think it can be fixed? (AHCA not the answer)
That is the State Insurance Commissioners fault.  They don't do their job and pass the blame.
stop taking money from insurance companies! We see right through you! Oh and quit being a coward #TownHall 45843
doesn't help that the GOP weakened part of original ACA. We need single payer!! And a #TownHall 45843
AHCA is going to be worse. Cut funding for rehab, no Medicaid, less people coverage. Do the right thing.
true they may only have one insurance co to pick from but in ACA they have actual care and not just access #resist
Stop causing failures and fix problems. Single Payer would get costs in check. Many countries r successful with that
That's it, tow the party line. How deaths from opioids will happen because of lack of healthcare? Isn't that you pet project?
then suggest a solution that actually fixes the problem & helps people instead of causing 24 million to lose their insurance
wake up voters! Portman is a phony
IF you vote to push #TrumpcareIsWorseThan #Trumpcare , It will be the Guarantee you r voted OUT. Don't do it!
so the answer is a system where people lose healthcare?
Marco Rubio eliminated Risk Corridors last yr, forcing plans to close. REPUBLICANS r causing failure intentionally.
Trump Care worse. Tax credits don't work on lower income folks. GOP can do better. Let's slow down and work it.
.@senrobportman @YouTube assuming then that you will also be using whatever genius replacement bill you all come up with?
Only one insurer active in certain markets is due to GOP constraints put on ACA. DON'T DARE PRETEND ACHA is a better bill
Forgive me if I don't trust your judgement...you also thought DeVos was a good choice to run the Education Department.
The government should probably pursue funding health care instead of insurance.
exactly this!
Healthcare costs are actually coming down due to stability of having more insured and preventative care. Learn your facts
With all due respect, you're so disconnected f/us. We aren't counties and companies, we are people, and we wanna #savetheACA.
House & Senate members should have the same coverage as constituents. Head that direction and maybe we'll talk.
Until then nothing is fair. No perks or special treatment for you.
.@senrobportman You know what DOES work? Single Payer #healthcare. The ACA's problems rest on the GOP's amendments to it years ago.
Absolutely. Work on fixing it. Much good has come from ACA in Ohio. Look at PCMH results. Trumpcare will be worse for Ohio.
so a good solution is a public option
Blah blah blah.  Fix it.  AHCA is a tax break for the rich disguised as health care bill.  You GOPers ..fool us once...
hold an in person town hall. Your constituents don't want AHCA or ACA repeal! #DoYourJob !
that's me!
Seems like an easy fix. Listen Rob, Heath Insurance isn't Health Care, #SinglePayer Russia/Trump investigation? Trump wiretap
if it's not perfect fix it. Show you care about Americans by not repealing for political reasons
nope.    Not true.   Suspend your own coverage before you take everybody else's.
Don't blame ACA for the problem.  Look in a mirror, and do what you were elected to do.  Blaming others is easy.
I have a cushy employee healthcare plan. This is bigger than me and mine. This is about every American!
We won't forget. I'm already saving for your opponent's campaign.
you're not working in your State! Just like your Republican peers, you choose which "class" u attend!
Why are you trying so hard to never being re elected again. You align with Ryan/Trump, you're going down!
And @GOP never did anything to add to its success - the party of obstruction.
No. Only1 insurer bc GOP/Pharma cohorts encouragd them 2pull out. GOP sabotages Ctr/Right ACA but in 8yrs has no improvements
except 4HSAs (good theory but rly only help those who cud alrdy afford ins) & tax brks 4rich. & don't gimme the "jobs" line. It's abt greed.
Stealing 119 billion from taxpayer paid medicare funds to give to health care CEOs
Get off it! We don't want your healthcare bill! ACA better!We want independent investigation of 45/Russian ties!
The age tax you put in makes sure seniors will not be able to afford health care
Meaning Health care CEO and 1 % deserve the billions we are giving them The rest of you can die
actually talk to your constituents senator! We're ok w/ the ACA. Plus it provides coverage for drug addiction. #keepACA
I'm a retired health care consultant. Health care not a normal market. "Competition" a meaningless term. Educate yourself!
Having the AHCA take away my Medicaid for the Disabled and making my mom's premiums skyrocket will ruin us.
really are the ACA subsidies not making the premiums affordable?  Is this why you favor insurers over your constituents?
So clearly, the solution is to reduce it to 0 options, and let them suffer and die?
Is AHCA the fix then. This is like saying being overweight is bad and anorexia is the answer. Come up with soemthing better
just give us the same insurance you have
or make them use whatever bill they come up with.
the AHCA is so much worse. Please hurt millions of people by supporting it. Come up with something better.
You and the GOP broke this No Repeal Fix it!
how about you fight to give your constituents the same health care you enjoy!
You you are no speaker for the majority of your constituents-you don't pay attention to anything we say or do You visit your paid fans only
I've got a story for you that you wouldnt believe-if you ever took the time to listen to anyone who doesn't have the $$-AND that means
MOST of the ppl you are getting supposedly getting PAID to represent and work FOR. You don't give a shit about any of us. You're a PUPPET.
And a bad puppet at that-your strings are continually showing brazenly. You speak of helping the citizens/drug addiction/health care, and
yet with every vote you cast, you insult every one of us in your state & country. Your only constituent you care one whit about is the $$.
You are crooked, bought and paid for, nothing more than a high end call girl in the Senate for the lobbyists & other corrupt $$ tossers. All
you need is your assurance that your seat is safe for another term and you turn your back on every single one of us in Ohio. I'm ashamed
to tell people you are my other Senator.  Your follow through is just as bad & shady at PDT's.
Agreed, glad it's helped some but medicaid would've done same!  Wake up people #UnaffordableCareAct
Here's an idea for you Seeing that ACA is working in the majority of counties why don't you fix it where it's not working
so lets fix it with something better than Paul Ryan's horrible offering.
for the people who have insurance for the first time in their adult lives,  it's working. Just fix what's not.
insurance companies should be taken to task, not the American people.  Make them accountable on this issue, not us
then fix it and not replace it with something worse....Maybe you can find a replacement that will give you a spine
do you actually KNOW any poor people? I have a 33 yr old friend with 2 jobs. She finally has health care now
R U trying 2 convince yourself? Because NO ONE here is in agreement. FixACA. #Trumpcare like the man himself, embarrassing!!!
ACA saved my son's life.  It allowed him to go back to work as a productive wage earner.  You are a murderer
if you don't stand up to Trump and Ryan.  For what it's worth I am a 70 year old Republican who voted for you.
please please repeal and replace Obamacare. Block grant Medicaid to the state's.  Get fed gov out of the Drs office
have a town hall so your constituents can explain to you how #Obamacare is working for them. #Trumpcare is bad for OH & US.
"The ACA was never meant to be a finished product." so FIX it.. stop the insurance companies and pharmacutical companies draining us!!
some drs say "has been beneficial to the poor, less fortunate in our city. " FIX the ACA don't dump it! follow the money trail to fix it!
choice of plans,  I can't afford isn't going to get me better healthcare or treatment.
rules & regulations that take them away from providing care for their patients. same thing with educators..So devos is going to fix it  SURE
Don't make it worse make it better! #RepealandReplace effort is nothing but political posturing & hyperbole. Take the time needed to improve
Repeal of the ACA would worsen the Opioid epidemic...
No choice and no cost is better somehow?  FIX THE ACA, not do away with it & MAYBE find something else not as good!
then we tweak it. That pile of BS you guys rolled out is NOT the answer!!!
Are you saying giving more opportunity for insurance co's to make $ is more important than people being covered?
REPEAL Congressional Healthcare!! Let Congress pay for their own coverage
let's guarantee fair and affordable healthcare for all. #SinglePayer
logical thing would be to fix flaws of ACA,not make it worse by raising premiums to poor& old whilst giving tax break to rich
dunno Bobby, seems like the plan that keeps a million of your voters covered is better than Trumpcare
you're a fool if you think the republican plan is any better
my mom NOT on ACA and insurer pulled out of Clark County! Was told because too many elderly in county. Cost them too much!
Do your research. Part of your job!
it was that way before ACA too, you boob. We don't need competition we need single payer.
We need NO health care insurers. Get rid of the greedy middlemen! Single payer. Countries that have it have better outcomes
no! Government should not be in the insurance business!
Let's replace that with 5 options, none of which are accessible, especially for those with pre-existing conditions
- works FINE for me! Only Republican efforts to axe it are making insurers skittish.
We all need health care. Having choice is lower on the list If you can't afford it, there is no choice.
what about the coverage for drug addiction that is covered in ACA but not AHCA.  Thought you were all about helping addicts
Portman is a phony.
then FIX THAT; it is better than what the Repubicans are now proposing
You have had YEARS to come up with a plan and haven't. You don't care if anyone but you and your cronies have health care.
Stop complaining & do something about it. Maybe compose a piece of legislation that has a chance against the ACA.
So your brilliant, well-considered solution is to do away with health insurance completely for a great many of them. Swell.
ACA IS working! Needs improvements is all. Have a #REALTownHallNOW & #listentoyourconstituents. #savetheACA #stophiding
the proposed will not work. We need #SinglePayer
current Trump plan causes 24 million to lose health insurance, that’s a better plan? Explain how.
my costs in Greene Cty went up 1.5%. We need tuning on ACA. Not the tax breaks for the rich in the ACHA. Get real!
profit should not come before my healthcare
Then help improve #ACA Don't just wholesale eliminate it! #Obamacare #RESISTANCE
Surely you aren't saying you want a healthcare law to force insurers to do business where they don't want to?
which is why we need Singlepayer.
really?  Tell that to my friend who was able to get a kidney and pancreas transplant!  Saved his life.  Whatever....
"What is offensive is that they lie and they worship their own lying."
-Dostoevsky
