If "fixing" the tax code means cutting medicare/medicaid/CHIP, vote "No". 43221
I would suggest that you shut up before you are booted out of Ohio. Unless you can stand up for us, don't stand up at all
Agree 100%. We need a new revolution in the way we handle taxes & spending with an eye toward helping the middle & removing public/nat. debt
I'm not inclined to approve of ANY tax reform plan until 45 shows us HIS tax returns. 43221 I think he's a CROOK
Giving to Rich has never helped the poor. I hope when this corrupt regime falls you fall with it. Useless Rob.
Bernie Sanders is right: The Republican budget contains cuts that will kill people...cuts that should not be allowed in a humane society.
But they DON'T deserve #TaxDeform!  Until the rich pay their share, #workers should be angry. Raise taxes!
The top tax rate has been declining since the 1960s.The only thing accomplished has been increased national debt. Let's go back to 1960 code
What will hurt workers is a huge tax giveaway to the ultra-rich. Trickle-down never works!
Yes. It needs to put more money of the consumers who drive the economy, not in the pockets of the already wealthy.
Oh Rob. Nothing you're going to do will help workers. Unless corporations are workers too?
Thanks Koch brothers
If "fixing" the tax code means a retired pastor (like me) must pay income taxes on my housing allowance/pension, "Vote NO". 43221
Yeah middle class does deserve better. Why give tax breaks to the filthy rich?
So do something to HELP this b.s. plan you're peddling will make it WORSE #thanksfornothing
As long as its not payouts to the rich and big business at the expense of the middle class. @realDonaldTrump plan is that plan.  Blech.
By cutting Medicaid & Medicare? Mean-spirited, ethically vacant and morally vacuous Senator.
You are right! The wealthiest Ohioans are paying a tiny percentage of their worth while the Middle and Working classes are paying too much.
We deserve better than you, too, Rob. But that's not happening.
Broken, as in the rich aren’t getting enough of a tax break?
Outdated, broken & worst system in entire world.  Destroys both competitiveness & own diaspora. #disgusting #taxes
Tax reform that gives relief to the middle & working classes, & expects the wealthy to pay their fair share, right? #TaxReform =/= siphon!!
If "fixing" the tax code means RAISING the tax for the lowest income bracket, VOTE "NO".  43221
Ohioans deserve a better senator.  Start holding live town halls and listening or GET OUT!
Yes but giveaways to the wealthy-eliminating the Estate Tax or doing away with the Alternative Minimum Tax-will do NOTHINg for working class
This #TaxReform #TaxPlan only increase the deficit which @GOP will try to reduce by entitlement reform further hurting the working class.
Great piece on the deficit.. amazingly economists were able to sneak this into the corporate media (NYT)
Then come up with a plan that helps workers. Not one that shifts more money to the 1%
How is the tax on estates over $5M hurting workers?
do you have a guarantee from companies they will use the Tax refunds to increase # of jobs and wages?
how does repealing the estate tax help the middle class?
Senator — yes it’s broken.  The middle class is dying.  Do something about it
Taxed Enough Already #TaxReform
This admin is outdated and broken, and it's hurting workers in #Ohio and across the country. American workers deserve better. #VOTE2018
Stop your automated ridiculous tweets! GOP tax reform is nothing but tax breaks for the rich. You are part of the Republican scam.
Do not get rid of the Estate Tax for the upper 1%
Stop Lying!  You are a liar!
Americans deserve more than this piece of recycled trickle down crap you’re peddling.
More transfer of wealth to the 1% not fair to the middle class.
Speaking of “outdated and broken”... how’s that well regulated militia working?

Sincerely,

30k+ Dead Americans every year (on your watch)
Let's talk about the NRA & gun control too @senrobportman
How about some real gun control measures? Then some tax reform. Stop senseless deaths and the tax savings won’t be used for funerals
OK, but the house bill will hurt millions of Americans! Not the way to represent constituents!
You may be right,but @GOP tax plan helps UberRich not workers,farmers.
I am happy to pay taxes to support my country. That's true patriotism. Tax cuts for you and your rich friends = Greed #GOPFailure
We definitely do deserve better than what’s on the table.
STOP!!! Your tax plan has nothing to do with helping working people.
NOT the one's that Trump introduced!
Even I know that decreasing taxes will blow up the deficit like it always has before. #aintstupid
How much money has 45 cost tax payers? Fuck off. Don’t ever claim “fiscal conservatism” again.
Vote no on budget and tax plan which benefits wealthy&cuts Medicare!The working class voted you in and no matter how much u get; WE VOTE!
Rob u r killing Ohioians. Another bad piece of legislation. Come on.
Yes American workers do deserve better...when will you resign? When will you stop lying? When will you work with Dems on #taxreform
Did my tax dollars pay for that stupid tax reform sign? Will you swear on your children's lives that you believe your public claims?
Stop taking money from the NRA
The Tax Reform bill in Congress is a windfall for the rich at the expense of the Safety Net for the poor. Utterly shameful!
You have zero chance of actual reform, and you know perfectly well the only thing you'll pass is a massive cut sans reform.
Congrats on making the @nytimes top 10 list for largest lifetime 'donations' from the @NRA
Tax code has nothing to do with Ohio or American workers. Just another attempt to put more money in the pocket of business not workers
No one thinks your tax cut for the wealthy is in the interest of anyone else. Go home.
What American workers deserve are protections against a tax scam that cuts taxes for MILLIONAIRES & raises taxes on the poor & middle class
I see that the long term plan is to eliminate medicare.  Wow, guys.  How low can you go?
Trump's plan will only make it worse.
It's outdated & broken b/c u keep giving ur millionaire donors tax cuts, unfortunately this is just another round no matter what u call it!
You are hurting Ohioans.
I hope you will not vote for deep tax cuts for the extremely wealthy. Trickle down economics has been debunked
Tax reform? The one Drump is proposing that will hurt middle America making 50k-150k the hardest? Ask your son again. #pathetic
It's not hurting the workers. Enormous salaries by CEOs is hurting the workers. These tax cuts don't trickle down.
By "American workers" do you mean American millionaires?
Gutting Medicare to pay for tax breaks for the wealthiest is just sick. But that’s par for the course for Greed Over People party.
Can you guarantee that it won’t just be tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations? Don’t forget about the rest of us.
What about it's impact on Medicare and Medicaid which will suffer deep cuts from this plan.
Taxation is theft
You're Damn right we deserve better. We deserve not getting a tax hike to pay for a tax cut for the wealthy. But you won't do that.
Is there a sound honest reason Americans beneath the upper  one percent income earners should listen to you.  
REAL tax reform. Come on Senator... do it right!!!
Senator Portman is outdated and broken, and it's hurting workers in #Ohio and across the country. American workers deserve better.



Your proposal hurt middle class families directly with loss of state and local tax credits! Don't do it!!!
You are just the worst. You are like the Paul Ryan of Ohio. Yuck 
Please do not raise the tax rate for the lowest income citizens. That is just cruel.
Our two party system is also broken. It isnt helpful to fix either with a faulted plan just for the sake of change
Slime.
#BREAKING: House GOP passes budget that protects tax reform bill from filibuster in Senate http://hill.cm/MeCV7do  
1,073.
Why do you even bother tweeting? You are not kidding any of us.
Try not to lie Senator. Tax “reform”= cuts which benefit the rich and gut Medicare and Medicaid. Do you even care about regular people?
No tweets about gun control? I wonder why?
They deserve better than the Trump/Repub plan where 80% of the benefits go to the top 1%. You are pathetic & incapable of governing fairly.
You spew Republican Clap Trap!  I live on SS and Retirement and will pay more taxes. Will not help blue collar workers, that you serve.
DO YOU REALLY THINK THE THIEVES IN WASHINGTON WILL AGREE. WITH PRESIDENT.  THEY ARE LOOSERS


Something something NRA payouts?


Deserve a better senator. One who actually gives a damn about workers in #Ohio
Than you. American workers deserve better than you. #TaxReform ... #thecakeisalie
You’re right. The rich & big business need to pay more taxes w/ no loopholes so they must pay. That will fix a lot.
When you say "reform" we know you really mean #TrumpTaxScam. Don't #RobthePoor so the rich can have more, Rob!
The bill guts Medicaid & Medicare. Shameful.  Giving corporations more money doesn't create jobs. Tried in past,never worked.
#Healthcare #GunControlNow #PuertoRico. 

Your constituents want you to discuss these issues. Actual lives are in the balance. 

Grow up Rob
Senator, please call on Congress to finish renewing CHIP before doing anything else.
Our tax code doesn't hurt workers in Ohio. You can't back up this statement. You are subsidizing a tax cut to the 1% off the middle class.
Who Rob Portman is really working for.
So you figure giving rich 2 trillion dollars is gonna help us? Just means working class gets a bigger tax load
You’re only trying to help yourself and your rich friends #corrupt
When did you stop caring about people?
We deserve a living wage and equitable tax rates. Trickle down doesn’t work. Breaks for the wealthy don’t translate into help for workers.
@senrobportman cut our Medicare and you’ll need to find a new line of work.
House Voting BUDGET TODAY

TAX CUTS =…
Not the trump one. It will  not help the poor. Breaks for the wealthy doesn't help the poor
At what wage are you paying? You keep creating jobs with low wages. People work more 4 less You get wealthier Poverty grows
#GigiForSenate
you mean making the workers pay more..... That type of help WE DONT NEED, Your plan only helps the rich... #TaxReform #GOPlies

And a proven fact trickle down doesn't trickle down so if that's the plan it will have the wrong effect on working class
How does the repeal of the Estate Tax for estates over $11 million help workers?  Hint: it doesn't.
The GOP plan makes things worse. Hurts health care & doesn't help workers. Tell the truth.
FAKE NEWS
Too bad that the proposals that have been made so far will help the wealthy and large businesses and hurt the rest of us.
And vote to get rid of the Estate tax you so full of

what you are proposing will address nothing for American workers, unless you mean "billionaires that fund my campaign" when you say "worker"
No minimum wage increase in how many years how many have congress voted for themselves!  NO MORE TAX BREAKS FOR THE WEALTHY! We  Y
No one believes you, you liar. I am retired and want the 1% to pay for a change. We need to bring down our horrendous national debt.
Your tax plan is bad for families, and awesome for billionaires 
Thanks to a combination of policies, the Senate GOP budget will likely leave millions of Americans worse off: http://bit.ly/2xZ8yQz  
Simplifying the tax code doesn't mean giving the wealthiest of your donors a tax break. Worker do deserve better, you have a Koch problem!

Let's see the plan.
You misspelled "billionaires" twice.

My district needs a ne senator
YES,  BETTER THAN THIS!!!!!
Can we fix one thing before we break another?

Then you should propose changes that would directly benefit workers, not changes that are tailor made for the wealthy.
Our position in the 2nd amendment should require no one to own more than a musket.
You are right, we deserve a better Congress and  President
And senators.
You know what else hurts us?  Our money going to the rich. #NotOnePenny
American workers deserve to see Trump's tax returns so they know how he and his family would benefit. What's he hiding??
Bullshit. You just want to give tax breaks to the wealthy and raise taxes on everyone else.
By saying it’s outdated you mean it used to work? Why is it outdated? Did something happen? Is it possible other laws could be outdated?
Really ?? Seems to be working well according to your #POTUS ?? So why are you lying Rob ?
"American workers deserve better so we're going to give more money to other people and hope they share." #RepublicanLogic #SMFH #NOPE
I am inspired by your passion for upping the taxes on the middle class. Your plan will currently increase my taxes and I am middle class. You are becoming the jellyfish of the senate.
before you get to far on tax reform when is Senate going to renew CHIP? 9 million kids who rely on this program to stay healthy are waiting
By increasing our taxes while cutting the rich taxes by 15percent that makes sense
You have no credibility.  We think you'll do what you did with healthcare, ignore the right and proper thing to do.
We do deserve better,  but I'm sure you won't help. You just want us to die without healthcare.
Middle class goes up at least to 300k for 2 worker household.  No way that is "rich". House, school, cars, insurances, and that is gone.
Yes American workers deserve better #Healthcare #education #wages & opportunities to advance 
Can you get a group of 10 women and children behind you and tell us that.   You know where they fall in for income distribution
American workers do deserve better, but the GOP tax plan is not the answer. Caters to businesses and 1%. @indivisibledyt @IndivisibleOH8
You are outdated. Your party is outdated. Your policies are outdated. Thx to all the above, WE are broken. Workers deserve better than you.
Yet your current plan only really benefits the wealthiest Americans.
The fix you propose is far worse than what we have.  Your only interest is in giving a tax cut to rich GOP donors at the expense of the rest
Stop lying to your constituents in Ohio. These tax cuts are not going to help the working class one bit. #GOPLies #TaxReform
Then #DoYourJob and make sure that tax cuts DO NOT go to the wealthy.  Actually, billionaires should pay more. #voodooEconomics never works
What is wealthy?
You have no problem with Trump cabinet scaming tax payers Not one word about that
We've deserved better since 1984, but that doesn't stop you idiots from sticking it to middle America and catering to the super rich
PEOPLE ARE BEING MURDERED BY GUNS YOU ALLOWED ON THE STREET!! Priorities, Robbie

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Lol. Then why did the treasury dept acknowledge your tax cuts are almost exclusively for the rich?
Are you talking individual or business taxes?

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
Trump is a goddamn tax fraud.  He needs to release his tax returns before you can proceed with this effort.  Make it happen.
American workers deserve better than you. They deserve someone who won’t give a tax cut to the rich at the expense of everyone else.
