Doesn't it bother you that Jeff Sessions, who has recused himself from the investigation, told Trump to fire the guy leading it?
If we didn't think Trump and his team were guilty before, how can we not now when he keeps trying to disrupt the investigation?
Why would we let the person being investigated choose who he wants to investigate him? You should be demanding that Trump not be able to...
take any actions that affect the investigation or anyone involved in it. Anything less is treason in my book.
Whether or not it affected the outcome of the election is irrelevant. The fact that a foreign country was trying, and Trump helped them, is.
And someone with enough integrity not to be swayed from the truth by any branch of government's ulterior motives.
Dems should block any nominee until independent investigation is started
Sir, necessary but not sufficient. Must be fiercely supportive of independence from WH. No loyalty oath to POTUS. Undermines our democracy.
As your constituent, I think it's even more important that we have an independent investigation free of WH meddling.
AG Sessions announced he'd recuse himself from investigations abt Russia - then he fires guy doing investigations?
In other words someone who'll do Drumpfs bidding who'll stop Russian investigation who'll stop any ethics questions basically
When the moment comes to choose between your party and the republic. You will not regret choosing the republic. It is time to LEAD! Speak up
Amen
You've lost all of my respect. I hope you go down in political flames with Trump and the rest of the GOP. You're a Republican, NOT a patriot
Yes, and make sure you vote for that type of person not a Trump stooge. The FBI investigation needs to continue. We want answers!
There must be no new Director apptd by Trump until this investigation is done.SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW!
I think you are getting a lot of honest feedback here. Take heed. .
No matter whether you are democrat or republican, we need the truth, an independent investigation before we can move on as a united nation
Comey was qualified and respected. You need to call for an independent investigation.
Senator, Let's be sure the new FBI leader is loyal to the constitution and justice. Is not afraid of Trump or Sessions.
Yes, I would appreciate a town hall.
No fresh start. We need to finish the trump/russia investigation. And I'm sorry at this point I feel GOP would nominate a joke.
Make sure we keep a head of steam on the Russia investigation If risk of Trump   getting in the way-go special commission. GOP needs courage
Don't be blind to @POTUS #Russia  connection we need a truly independent investigation #COMEY this scandal is bigger than #watergate
Why won't you support an independent investigation?
Special prosecutor is needed! We demand one. Trump should not choose who investigates him and his entourage
U only supported gay marriage AFTER your son came out. Perhaps if ur son was hacked by Russians you would call for an investigation??
Unlike the rest of his nominees? With a few notable exceptions.
Why?...It wasn't a prerequisite for the presidency in 2016
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.41
Same here! 44021
Ohio resident here. Please appoint an independent commission to investigate this very serious matter. #TrumpRussia
Independent investigation! Our President is self serving! He flip flops and lies daily! Citizens need to know the truth!
The fresh start will only happen after impeachment.
BREAKING: 78% in a new NBC/WSJ poll support an independent commission or special prosecutor to look into Russian election meddling.  You???
It's important they do their job and investigate Trump like you fail to do in the Senate!
Listen to your constituents and hopefully conscience. Please call for independent investigation. #ComeyFiring #complicit #TownHall
Don't forget non partisan
I have absolutely zero confidence that a highly qualified and respected leader will be chosen. Zero. You need to man up.
Fresh? We are in the middle of an investigation and you want us to act like we need to start over?  NO YOU WORK FOR US
What is important is that we get an independent investigator to look into Mr. Trump's ties with Russia
We need an independent investigator, Senator.  Do the right thing.
Your job is to protect the American people and the Constitution. Do your job and ask for a Independent Counsel for the Trump Russia scandal.
Vote dem 2018. Only way to stop trump and GOP bs since they see no need for independent prosecutor
An independent counsel/investigation special prosecutor for the Trump Russia issue is the fresh start we want. Grow some balls Portman!-OHIO
Russia was in The Oval Office today....with cameras. Time for you to put country over party.
Time for a independent prosecutor
Unfortunately whoever it is will be sure to have ties to 45. We need an independent investigation now!!
But to impress Trump resume must include relationship with Russia, Sexual harassment lawsuit, racism, misogyny, questionable business ethics
Also non-partisan.  Must be above politics as usual.
The fresh start we need is at the top.  Replace Trump!
How many phone calls would you say you got about Flynn before he was put on the NSA?
By fresh start you mean won't investigate Trump's Russian ties?
Your constituents want a special prosecutor involved in the Russia probe. Stop protecting Trump!
I just threw up a little in my mouth. You really irritate the acid level in my stomach. If I get an ulcer bc of this dog & pony show...
I intend to send you the doctor bills.
Please put country over party and push for an independent prosecutor.
Maybe the new at FBI director will be competent enough help you find your tax returns. Release your tax returns.
fresh start = forget about Russia?
what? No Betsy Devos candidate?
Better be a fresh investigation
And get a special prosecutor!  Come on, this is a cover up!
When is your next town hall (request #4)
So sad that patriotic heroism is dead and gone. No great men or women whose heart is with Country. All too scared not to belong to the party
We need a special prosecutor, not someone Trump nominates to end the investigation into his administration.
And not a Republican lackey! Time for you to join with Sen McCain and get an independent investigation. #IndependentInvestigationNow
A fresh start?  What about ongoing investigations?  Or even better a special prosecutor. Why aren't you suggesting that course of action?
And not partisan
Huh I believe Drumpf has more children any bets
Obviously that means Putin will tell you all who to hire can he at least speak English!?
No appointment confirmed until Congress appoints an independent special counsel. #RussianCollusion #RussianInvestigation
Independent counsel NOW!!!
I have lost all faith.  Our country is eroding at the hands of Trump and you hide behind these tweets.  Step down.
Are you OK with this administration?    Their record on the environment and health care alone should make you shudder.   Please help Ohioans
no it was important that you not be a blind sycophant to a tyrannical regime. You must be on drugs if you think otherwise.
INDEPENDENT SPECIAL PROSECUTOR. I voted for you, I live in Perrysburg. Country over Party!
And continue the investigation
An independent special prosecutor must be appointed ASAP! These WH shenanigans have gone on long enough!
And dismissal proof if she ...
And has no debts to pay to Trump and will follow leads appropriately no matter where they go.
Ya'll need to STOP spouting the ParTY LiNe Rob - WE ARE WatCHiNG 
Right! Someone like Trump?
No, it's important to have an independent investigation into Trump/Russia. That's what's important. We need it NOW.
We need a special prosecutor for #Trumprussia now.
Call for a special prosecutor... BE A PATRIOT!!!
and that both sides of the aisle agree~ SUPER important
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!
Please put country over politics. MUST be independent - not one of POTUS's inexp'd cronies (like Betsy DeVos was).
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862387785096941568 …
Sure Sen. Portman, and I'm sure you + your GOP Senate colleagues will thoroughly vet whomever just as you did Scott Pruitt and Betsy DeVos.
Please push for an independent prosecutor to look into Trump's ties with Russia. We want to know if he is tainted.
A lot of Americans think this whole administration is compromised.   Special prosecutor is a must!!!
do you support an independent investigation?
Certainly a fresh start on Russia investigations? It's going to come up again no matter how much you all try to hide it.
COMMIT to not confirming a new director until a #bipartisan investigation is conducted and a #SpecialProsecutor is appointed. #Trumprussia
Portman, do you just like to hear yourself talk? Do you really think .@POTUS would appoint a dullard (as most of Congress appears to be)?
We need an independent investigation! This whole thing stinks!
When will you have a town hall?
#IndependentInvestigation #TownHall
.@senrobportman Empty words from a man with empty morals.  Until you call for an independent prosecutor, you are a traitor to this country.
Before any nomination and "fresh start" we need a special independent prosecutor to investigate this administration.
Ask for a Special Independent  Prosecutor before a vote on new FBI Director stand up for Democracy.Don't be part of Coverup
It's important that we have an independent investigation of Trump.
Um, This is not an acceptable response. We independent investigators. Do better @senrobportman
.This statement is tepid at best, coded at worst. As an Ohioan, I am deeply disappointed.
You need to step up and call for an independent investigation.  This is too important for partisan politics.
It is important you demand an independent prosecutor now. This is the 3rd person involved in investigating Trump he has fired. We need truth
Only AFTER an independent commission has begun. BTW how about your next #TownHall BEFORE you vote on any upcoming health care bill please
Senator Portman. I am constituent. Need special prosecutor with no ties to WH. AG and Asst AG caved to WH like Bork 40 odd yrs ago.
Sort of correct, but fresh start is misleading. Trump has so many skeletons in his closet we can just continue with many investigations.
Quick licking the arse of that orange gasbag, Rob. We need someone to continue the Russia investigation.
American people deserve to know what happened with Russian meddling in 2016 and what President Trump knew. We demand indepen investigation.
Agreed!  But let's also get an independent prosecutor to look at the Russia/Trump connections. There's too much there!
You forgot to say that the person needs to be apolitical and not a Trump surrogate like we already have in the DOJ.
Special Prosecutor Time! Investigation doesn't need fresh start...needs protection from Trump.  Show some courage man!
Unlike the senate majority. Do your job Russians in WH
Rob, a carefully crafted statement that places party loyalty before country loyalty is the the opposite of courage. Stop failing America.
I'm sure Trump has a family member in mind for head of FBI?
It's important that the investigation into Trump/Russia continue. We need an independent investigator, no matter who is appointed to FBI.
Ivanka or Jared?
Fresh start? Only with an #IndependentInvestigation  into #TrumpRussiaCoverUp . Protect our democracy, or you are #complicit.
I wouldn't approve any nominee unless we get an independent investigation first!
Do the right thing. Stand up to Trump and his corrupt administration now, or your constituents will throw you out next election.
Please let is know when you hold your next town hall. You better bet we'll be there #resist
What is even more important Senator, is that you & the @GOP will insist on a special prosecutor. Is it party before country now?
What a cowardly statement. Shall we begin calling you Comrade Rob?

Speaker Paul Ryan visiting New Albany company that state says owes $3.5 million in back taxes, fees https://twitter.com/stopthespeaker/status/862352831445164032 …
No confidence.
... And impeach Trump
Jared Kushner?
No successor will investigate their appointer fairly. We need an independent investigation.
It's important OH's Senators fight coverups, corruption, while preserving our healthcare. When will you hold a townhall to discuss?
And takes Trump & cronies down
It never fails to amaze me how something so simple as trying not to speak bypasses your abilities.
It's also imperative that an INDEPENDENT counsel get to the bottom of this Russian mess. No other alternative will put an end to this.
Comrade Portman. Select committee to investigate comrade Trump now!
What is this? Grow a backbone and call your corrupt leader out. Call for an independent investigation now!
3 words: Special. Independent. Investigation. Pick your side of history's judgment, senator.
Clearly no Trump nominee can be trusted, so you need to put country before party and call for an #IndependentCommissionNOW. #TrumpRussia
A fresh start? JFC.  Until you have the guts to call for an independent investigation, just stop tweeting.  You are a sellout and a traitor.
MUST be someone INDEPENDENT of Trump & his goons. Obama, a Democrat, appointed a Republican to ensure fairness. Replacement should be a Dem
Fed up with Portman's tepid responses?

Call his offices:

  202-224-3353

  614-469-6774

  513-684-3265

  216-522-7095

 419-259-3895
very true
You could quit trying to support the establishment and the never trumpers and try supporting your Ohio constituents who voted Trump by 8 Pts
A fresh start would be you and your fellow toadies standing up AGAINST the treasonous obstructionists amoung you
Wat r u talking abt?? This is a constitutional crisis
All you Toad (R)s should run off to Brokefoot Mountain & live happily ever after,
I hear Chafes-it has a very roomy, comfy closet there.
You'd better NOT go the DeVos route on this one. "I believe that presidents deserve considerable deference as they put together their team."
Boo! Lame response, Rob!
I agree, and these qualities exclude Mr. Giuliani.  The next Dir. should have depth in justice, intel, mgt, ethics, and the agency.
COUNTRY over party, Sen Portman. Shame on you!
Please join the call for an independent investigation of the Trump administration's ties to Russia!  This must not be swept under the rug!
With respect, Senator, you need to insist on an independent investigation. Nothing less at this point is acceptable.
You should move for a special prosecutor and you know it!
We don't need a fresh start.  We need you and other republicans to stand up for what's right and help the investigation wherever it leads.
AH GEE,  BUT THAT'S  THE RIGHT THING TO DO.

Analysis: Trump has now fired 3 officials who were investigating his campaign or administration http://wapo.st/2qTpk0h 
If you don't do the right thing here and stand up for our Democracy , you are a disgraceful man. You will never again be re-elected .
Such a disappointing statement. Another #complicit GOP senator acting like this is business as usual.
It is for them!!!
Comey was fired MID-INVESTIGATION! Demand Comey be reinstated. Demand Sessions be removed for violating his recusal. NO MORE LIES!!!
demand an independent prosecutor!!! The deputy AG is now compromised. Can't trust Sessions. The US senate must demand it.
A fresh start? You're joking right? A fresh start would be to #impeachTrump
Ugh. Fresh stat is code for "Nothing to see herefolks. Move along now." #taxfattenedjackass
Portman: "It is important"  "I believe"  "I am concerned"
Words aren't worth a bucket of warm spit. America is in trouble. We need ACTION.
Special prosecutor necessary now more than ever. Country above party, Senator.
You really need to denounce his firing NOW! anything other than that and you show you want party before country.
Do your job! You act like there is nothing to see here. When is your town hall?
Ted @SenTedCruz might be a choice
This is your last term. You need to stop this political BS and do something about our democracy being eroded.
Are you troubled that Trump is allowing Russian news into the Oval Office but not US news? Is this a coup d'etat? Are you apart of it?
PLEASE tell me you aren't totally okay with the timing and motives for this. I'm BEGGING you to put our SOVEREIGNTY and DEMOCRACY before GOP
It is beyond obvious that we need an independent prosecutor.
You are a coward. And now you are complicit.
The GOP refuses to put together the entire scenario. Everyone sees it - DT is dirty. Save our Constitution before it's too late.
And you failed. How do you stand up without a backbone?
Comey asked for money to investigate that HACK of a man you support. He was fired.Trump is not a president, just like you're not a senator.
Fresh start? We need someone who will continue the investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia. Comey shouldn't have been fired.
No. We need an independent investigation NOW! This tweet will come back to haunt you after he's impeached.
Where's you line in the sand, Rob? We're sliding headlong into a dictatorship. What will you DO about it?
All due respect/time for you & GOP to insist on an #IndependentInvestigation or else you will go down with the ship.#courage #dictatorship
Please stop stating the obvious and take a stand on the need for a special prosecutor. Man up.
Yep. No Guilliani or Christie!!
Don't care if Comey's replacement is respected or not it would be nice to find someone to #draintheswamp in Washington by enforcing the law
Not good enough
Why aren't you supporting an independent investigator?
Independent investigation. Not only is this eroding trust in the FBI, its eroding trust in congress and the government as a whole.
