Why don't you listen to women on this?
does a father not have a say?
in most cases I think that he should have a say. But abortion should be safe, legal, and rare for all women.
sorry wife corrected me 22 and 24 weeks
If the baby can be safely born then that's what should happen. I think most everyone agrees with that.
we agree on more than what the political class want us to think. The only thing is tax money should be for it.
I don't have a strong opinion on the tax dollars. Real people are a lot better at working together than the people we elect
that's why I'm a libertarian. I don't care what other people do in there life as long as it doesn't effect my life.
except women and children who will be the most hurt by these policies and the repeal of the ACA.  You are a charlatan.
You are then in favor of medicaid, the #ACA and other programs to help these unwanted babies? Pro Life is for the entire life
.@senrobportman I hope this means you’ll support universal healthcare and oppose the death penalty too. Or did you not mean every?
Every life is valuable and deserves to be protected by law: http://bit.ly/2jRvIRH  #MarchforLife #ProtectLife
does it though? How do you intend to take care of these unwanted children? What about the moms? Or siblings who will suffer?
unless your employer doesn't pay a living wage, or you have a preexisting condition.
men restricting women. Again.
Hands off my vagina. now there will be coat hanger deaths again.
keep your opinions to yourself; you don't decide when a woman gives birth! #separatechurchandstate
#separatechurchandstate you have it twisted. Read #Constitution it's so that a state can't force a religion 1/2
Everyone deserves the right to choose. P.S. Increased availability and affordability of birth control REDUCES abortions
And the women world-wide who will die without access to safe abortions? Do they not deserve to be protected?
And that life needs to be nurtured, educated, offered opport... policies need to address at risk child!!
until they're born, of course. Then it's "health insurance is not a right," and "public education is failing."
you have that correct sir. Get a job pay for your own. Pay attention to your kids.
then you would be concerned about women's rights. Unless, you want to see more women die
What about people that may die durning childbirth? Will this be coupled with sex education? Your religion should not dictate tax spending.
You also want to defund Planned Parenthood. An org that provides sex ed ,STD testing, & counseling. Don't play games with women's health.
Including lives of women who will be forced to seek dangerous, illegal abortions if you ban abortions
then protect the ACA. If you repeal, American citizens WILL die without insurance. If you let adults die, you're NOT prolife.
Your a sick person, I know God will punish you, it is inevitable. He will cause you to self destruct in front of the world.
THAT statement implies that every life deserves AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE!!  do you believe that?
Then why would you take away all support once they are born, support for homeless and veterans? HYPOCRITE!
Why aren't you listening to the people you represent?
Don't defund Planned Parenthood or repeal #ACA so low income women can get birth control & deny PMT for Viagra, Cialis, etc
So u'll be writing a bill to expand SNAP, Medicaid, school brkfst, lunch?
Does every life include women who will die from back alley abortions? Oh, so only SOME lives. Got it.
Where's all these job you were going to create w Trump. No point to make so many babies w no jobs for their parents
So you will say not to DeVos so those lives can get a proper education and the ACA should be reinstated so those lives have health care?
You don't have any say over my reproductive rights.
A simple home for them was rejected(Cause Not In My Backyard) the hypocrisy of it all is sicking to me!
Have you or any in your family or friends ever had to deal with that Horrific ACT?There are so few places these girls go!
So you"MUST"be for a bill for*"Castrations"*of Rapest-Child Predator-& Incest Creeps.I'd back you on that!So many would!
Republicans block #CleanAirRules on behalf of corporate donors & thousands die, literally:
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/energy-environment/wp/2015/05/04/scientists-epas-curbs-on-coal-burning-will-save-thousands-of-lives/?utm_term=.746eadec9bcc …
#KochBros
Shame on you for the Tillerson nomination! You chose greed, party, AND RUSSIA over Americans and your country!!!
your religiously motivated opinion has no place being enshrined in law. Only secular ideas deserve that privilege. 1st amdmt!
Great. Don't repeal the ACA and support free healthcare for those who have been born.
Unless you're killed by a gun, then tough shit. How much did you take from the NRA again? ($1.4 million.)
you saw what happened on Saturday. We aren't going away.
you are making the entire planet sicker? What happens when global HIV stats go up? That will impact all of us.
#RobPortman you are #probirth not #prolife. You are supportive up until birth. don't repeal #ACA @senrobportman @SenSherrodBrown
why don't you feel the same way about all the lives lost to gun violence?
is this the biggest problem in America right now?
what about the lives in your own state? What about those already born?
Alexandrea Thompson Funeral fundraiser https://www.gofundme.com/alexandrea-thompson&rcid=5dcbe21ad8e84b90bd2dbbe9e06b6978 … @wlwt
Keep your legislation out of my body. My body, my choice.
if you deny access 2 Family Planning there will be more abortions and women dying from back alley charlatans. Be pro-ALL life
correct, every life should count. But what about those situations will the woman will DIE in labor?
then start protecting more than unborn babies.
It's easy for you to "take a stand" on issues like this. Nobody advocates for abortions, they're an unfortunate necessity.
including universal backgound on all gun sales?  That's been proven to save lives also. @hilarybama @MomsDemand
Unless you get sick, then screw it.
contrition to actions though
*except for lives with preexisting conditions
Every woman has the right to make decisions re her reproductive health and this deserves to be protected by law.  #prochoice
Pro choice isn't anti-life. Compassion 4 another in a position u don't understand is an act of love. Spread love not judgment
If you're being consistent, then you must support healthcare for all those lives, as well as oppose the death penalty!
But if you get sick, too bad you are on your own. That is what happens with ACA repeal.
You are a man who has never been put in a situation that a pregnant woman has. Religion does not belong in politics. Women should have a say
great. So you're working towards universal healthcare?
but no twitter rush on millions of women marching.
I thought you voted NO on maintaining right of habeas corpus in death penalty appeals
Until it's born, then "good luck", right?
Bootstraps!
Just to be clear, I wanted to reaffirm your opposition to capital punishment.
Just do not have them get sick after they're born since you're repealing the #ACA.
