For who???  You're not telling the whole story.  Do you need help with that?
Premiums have been on the rise since I started working back in the 80's... well before the ACA!  You never mention drug prices.  Why?
Your GOP healthcare bill lowers taxes for the same drug companies that have raised their prices 10X, 100X, even 100X.  Why?
Because it's easier to blame a Democrat who tried than to tackle the real issues.
HOW does this reduce premiums? Not for those who are sick, have ever been sick, or will ever be sick. Or old. Vote NO.
It's easy to reduce premiums if you kick out all the sick and older people! SAD!!!
Except for seniors like me
Reduce premiums, but what about total cost and level of coverage? Why not just rename ACA for someone other than President Obama? Easy!
Many of us will lose employer provided healthcare. G.E. is already gearing up. Save our healthcare. #VoteNo #SaveAmericanLives
Lies.....debate the bill in a public forum if it's so promising.  Let us see it.  Let us know who was promised what in order to agree.
Where were you @senrobportman before the bill was pulled? Now you say NO? This bill would hurt Ohioans and every healthcare organization.
UGH...!!  IT DOES NOTHING TO REDUCE COST!!! HELLO... REDUCING BENEFITS AND ENROLLMENT SIMPLY SHIFTS COST - THE COSTS DO NOT DISAPPEAR!!!
It's only promising to the people who don't need it
You can't fix healthcare with just insurance you need to address costs. Until there are price controls it just doesn't matter
CITATION NEEDED-  please show me where in the bill you see "promising changes to reduce premiums"
That Reply:RT:Fave ratio doesn't look promising
Making it affordable to healthy people is not the goal.  Sick people need health care too.
the reduced premiums = higher deductibles & skimpy coverage. Does nothing for those over 50 or pre-existing conditions.
Please vote no!  We need insurance for all!
And the pivot starts....#disappointing
It then raises deductibles and co pays. Vote no on the bill.
We need government to reign in medical costs. This bill just makes 1% richer while everyone else's lives and $ goes down the drain.
Please don't ignore the intended or unintended consequences of this bill on the employer provided insurance market. Lifetime caps, etc.
G.E. is already prepping its employees...this is super scary.
You need to get on board with the people of Ohio which you represent. Or we will find someone who will. #Deathcare.
Sorry, but we're stuck with him til '22 
That's ok he can be done in 22 just like congress these Senators want to be life long. It's only 41/2 years more.
"some promising changes" is not good enough. If ANY part of it costs more or gives less coverage than the ACA, it's a bad deal.
u can't fix the #BCRA. It is cruel legislation. Its time to start over with a bipartisan effort to fix #ACA. #ProtectOurCare
There is nothing in that bill that specifically addresses lowering premiums. Did you read the bill? I am in your district
There's nothing promising about this bill.  Scrap it, engage both parties, take the time, do it right.  Find solutions.
Do the hard work to bring down healthcare costs! Don't change my employer insurance benefits
Sure like reducing the % of ill people in the pool!!!
do you care about people w/ preexisting conditions? Because the Senate would be devastating for us.
Why why why can you not just fix what we already have?!  Oh yeah...no $$ for the rich.
Reduced premiums by high deductibles and less coverage is no win for Americans.
And OUT OF Pocket goes up, CAPS GO Down, Coverage is LESS. This is like "ZERO FAT" =CARBS, Artificial Sweetener,etc will Kill U.STILL Deadly
That's a terrible lie that we don't buy. Try again, Bob.
U are letting us down
by gutting coverage basic services that will also affect employer based insurance as well this isn't going to fix the ACA
Not for 50 and over and certainly for those on medicaid.
And throw 22 million people off their insurance. Sounds real "promising"...
Please be honest with your constituents.  The only way to reduce premiums is to reduce benefits, increase deductibles, or increase copays.
We can solve individual insurance market issues w/out destroying Medicaid - over 60% of our Medicaid spend is on mental health and opioid!
What would I do if my employer took away my health care. With this current bill that could happen. Think about this please
Promising to lower coverage. That is not what Americans want!!! Don't repeal, improve!!!
Can you be specific?  For whom will it reduce premiums?  Reduce for everyone? And if not, how much increase will those 40yrs and over see?
Why is this your tweet when the letter is in OPPOSITION to the draft?? Shouldn't that be your headline?
you read the CBO analysis and this was your conclusion?  Or are you a liar like those populating the executive branch?!
Premiums + deductibles + co-pays = real cost of health care coverage. Don't just focus on premiums @senrobportman @SenateGOP
Just a reminder, Portman was the budget director for Bush. They drastically reduced taxes on rich, exploded the debt, & crashed economy.
Oh my gosh!  You just earned a call to your office! NAME ONE PROMISING CHANGE!! You know you can't! #Pathetic
But will the coverage be good enough to prevent medical-related bankruptcy if you actually have to use it??
Really what and for whom?  Will my coverage be reduced to reduce premiums?  Come on Bob!  Townhall?
You cannot vote for ANY reduction on Medicaid and continue to blather on about your concern for opioid addiction. Nope. You can't have both.
You are lying. It is that simple. This bill is horrible, unChristian, selfish and cruel. You know it but have no courage to protect Ohioans.
You are out of your mind.  No it does not.
It's easy to reduce premiums if you kick the most vulnerable out of the market. @GOP has a third graders understanding of health insurance.
For all people?  If not, then forget it.
You cannot accept anything that decreases Medicaid. Do you know how many nursing homes are in Ohio? Ready to put grandma on the street?
Vote no.... period..your Ohio voters are watching you
But what else. I appreciate hearing about what may be positive changes; what about the proposals that will hurt retirees, children
Reelection. New faces.
Is this what the pharma donors told you to say? It only cost them 382k.
Well, when you can't afford AHCA coverage, that does reduce your premiums to zero.
This bill is just a way to cut taxes for the rich. It's not good for anyone else
Now is the time for independence & courage. Work with Democrats to improve the existing system. A unilateral bill will never work. #thirdway
For your rich friends and businesses
a yes vote for this bill will be the end of you
No it doesn't! Have you even read it?
Still haven't answered the most fundamental question: is healthcare a right or a privilege? Quit shilling for lobbyists & listen to people!
No it does not and u know it.covfefe.
your words about premiums proves you are either insincere or blind to how harmful this bill is. Step up Cross the isle, unify
Do you ever represent your constituents?
Please make sure that people are not out priced making healthcare out of reach.
The Senate draft before you is not about people, patients, or health care. It's tax cut for the wealthy. #NoBCRA #YesACA
Lies.  Big fat lies. STOP IT.
Translation: I vote GOP party line even when Ohioans have clearly said NO to this disastrous bill.  #voterswillsaynoatthepolls
No changes are promising if anyone will lose coverage or pay higher premiums. Fix Obamacare, don't replace it
Sounds like a man preparing his constituents for a "yes" vote. Reprehensible.
premiums are cheap if plans don't actually cover anything and impose caps. But you're screwed if you actually get hurt/sick
Lower premiums don't matter if here is no coverage.
by providing less care. The total out of pocket costs are expected to rise for almost everyone.
Only by kicking the poor, the elderly, the disabled, and women to the curb. Try again, Rob
what exactly?
We've read it. It stinks. Quit trying to feed lies to the people of Ohio.We're not stupid.
Does it? Does it really? Because that doesn't sound like the bill I've been reading CBO analysis of.
It's backward.  We need to cap premiums and unlimited care.  My life . Your life . All lives are worth more than any cap
What about out of pocket costs?
Replying to @senrobportman please address ACA problems and fix them. Americans before party!
I see you sold your soul.   Combat opioid crisis.  Keep ppl insured
Twitter ratio. You are failing.
Higher out-of-pocket costs (premiums + deductibles) for worse coverage + lifetime caps = the opposite of promising.
Fact based citations needed. Me paying $0 for no insurance due to the higher costs is not really premium reduction.
what about the massive tax cuts for the filthy rich >>> ???
Stop lying, senator. How bout a town hall as a forum to discuss the matter, coward?
That's a LIE. And YOU KNOW IT!
What good is a healthcare plan that includes a lifetime cap, annual cap, denies hospitalization, etc?  Your bill will hurt Ohioans.
Haven't you sent 100 tweets in 30 days about the opioid epidemic? Isn't Medicaid 1 of the only treatment option? You can't have it both ways
Oh realllly?  I have this bridge for sale . . .
Vote NO on #Trumpcare...if #Obamacare needs fixed fix it so it works better for the people.
Vote NO.
If you don't work with the Dems, you are showing you don't wish to represent all of us. Partisan BS is ruining America
and reduce or eliminate coverage, create death squads for when the spending cap is reached and insuring big profit for insurance companies
WealthCare is how most see this bill. Prove to us that is not the case. What will improve? Cost? %covered?
The CBO said premiums would initially increase. Any decrease would be bc older, sicker people were priced out and lost coverage.
Please stop.
No it doesn't.  For whom does it? Please represent ALL Ohioans not your special interests. @OhioDistrict12
Then why do all experts indicate that premiums & deductibles will increase for ppl 50-64? Please vote no. We deserve better.
Reduces coverage is why. Did you read the bill?
Not for those of us over 55 who are self-insured. Also, people will pay more for services.
Nope. Burn it and start over.
If it's so promising, why isn't it YOUR healthcare plan?
#ShowYourWork
Please. This bill is cruel and unworkable. ACA is more popular than it has ever been. Stop trying to repeal & fix it.
Explain how every other expert who has read it, claims that it will increase, even quadruple premiums for most Americans over 40.
Unfortunately, you're still being wishy-washy, non-committal, and vague.
No, it's a giant tax break for the 1% masquerading as a (horrible) health care bill
Reducing premiums for the lucky healthy at the expense of the less fortunate is not promising, it's immoral. No man is an island.
Ask any Ohio voter if they care if their premium will go down in a few years as opposed to tomorrow. Your plan sucks.
Stop saying it will reduce premiums! That is a false statement. They will go UP a little less for a few people & skyrocket for older people!
When has premiums ever came down? Vote NO!
The fabulous promises of the last bill did not hold water.  Please don't be bought.  Fix ACA.
Don't let the weight of Koch Brothers money bring you down to their level.  Vote NO on Wealthcare.
Lower premiums due to higher out of pocket costs and less coverage is not a true fix. The Better Care Reconciliation Act is a nonstarter.
This bill is awful for working class, older, and rural Americans.  You should be following the leads of Senator Collins and Heller on this.
Which changes are "promising"? The destruction of EHB's, right? Well, be honest Rob-it's the part that goes after pre-existing conditions!
Maybe the disabled only count as 3/5 of a person to the GOP.
You cannot vote yes on that healthcare bill senator Portman no matter what there is nothing wrong with Obama care U know that
What promising changes? The ones that deregulate the market and reinstall lifetime caps? the 5X1 age banding? Don't bullshit us, Senator.
What about preexisting conditions? Lifetime limits? Medicaid?
Your awful "healthcare" bill raises premiums on people 65 years old by 113%. How much Republican bullshit can America afford?
In the footsteps of so many before him, he is seemingly just another #Liar
Funny how you have a lot to say now.
#Ohioans want to #FixTheACA. Check in with your staffers. They've been hearing from us repeatedly.
Keep all essential health benefits and no lifetime and no annual caps.  Lower premium for less insurance is no good
The draft reduces premiums but increases out of pocket costs. It is a bad draft, Senator.
No, it doesn't.  This bill needs to die and all of Congress should fix the current program.
You're embarrassing yourself. Everyone paying attention knows what a self serving coward you have been on this.
The ACA does work in Ohio what are you talking about you can maybe tweak it but it's fine you need2 vote No on the healthcare
What about the opioid epidemic you keep talking about? It reduces assistance for that problem.
Oh please, I knew you would have voted for the bill this week. You will vote for any POS the party puts out there. You FAIL to represent OH!
I hope you are not starting to backpedal. The bill must go and the ACA must be fixed not repealed.
Check his voting record @mike_shortjd.  Straight party line and follow the money.
Oh I know. But I want him to know that I and others oppose his positions.
You lie. Not for 50 year olds
Voting no is the only sane, reasonable option. The CBO score alone speaks volumes. Even discounting the medicaid cuts.
Weren't you one of the 13 white guys that drafted the first piece of garbage? You might be able to do better but I won't hold my breath.
what about medicare cuts?
should have said medicaid cuts.
