So, @senrobportman  us govt employees & green card holders detained at US airports. And this is your  tweet? So sad
.@senrobportman are you kidding me? This is what you think is important right now?
What say you about POTUS' ban on folks coming here from other countries? this seens like an important issue; don't you agree?
#Funfact: horrible things are happening in your country and you're tweeting about baseball. Show some gumption.
Seriously? Fun facts when our country is being ruined by the new president? Do something constructive! Stop Trump!
fun fact:  world is burning because t.rump & you're tweeting re baseball 2 years from now?
 try again
 #doyourjob #irrelevant
you care more about now baseball than people seek American values  in foreign counties? @10TV @nbc4i report
"If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor." Do better. #NoBan
fun fact: not what we want to hear from you right now.
Hope you realize there's a major situation involving muslims being banned. Please get your priorities straight. #MuslimBan
are you kidding me? Trump has created a ban that will get ppl killed and you're talking sports. #NoBanNoWall
as a constituent, you will be getting calls from me soon. Stop this insanity
You're focused on sports at a time like this?
careful when you schedule those tweets. #fail #NoBanNoWall
sports? Really? We need to hear how you will stand up with other Republicans and change this immigration ban
#MuslimBanprotest - Waiting to hear you denounce this travesty.
I'm an Indians fan too, but why are you tweeting about ASG while this is happening? #notsofunfacts
really this is what you tweet, tool
this is not what is on your constituents minds right now. #ResistTrump
Fun Fact: Our constitutional rights are being trampled while your tweet about baseball. #MuslimBan #StandUp #DoYourJob
We would really rather hear your stance on the MuslimBan
#funfact Alan Kurdi was a Syrian boy fleeing civil war, ISIL - denied asylum by Canada; only 3yo when he drowned #muslimban
you're tweeting about baseball in January when refugees are literally dying because @POTUS bans them?!?! #NoBan
how can you stay silent on Trump disallowing immigrants into our country?  Stand up for the basic foundations of our country!
Can we buy back your love? https://www.gofundme.com/buy-back-rob-portman …
History will remember that you stood silent against Muslim ban
I'm disappointed that you chose to remain silent when our president violated the Constitution. I will not forget.
maybe we'll ban you from coming to it, since you're so comfortable being silent when human rights are being violated
nothing is being violated snowflake. It's called making the country safe
'snowflake' is what the Nazis called Jews (the ashes coming from the furnaces). Shame on you
what? That's the new word to describe liberals
Snowflakes? OK. There are lots of us. You are now caught in a winter storm.
Aren't there more important things going on right now than baseball? @senrobportman @Indians @MLB
good to see your priorities are in order. Baseball is so much more important than people's lives and families.
If you don't get your head in your own big game right now, Portman, we're gonna bench you. You seem out o touch
now is not the time. Your silence on the #muslimban is disgusting.
how about we talk about the unconstitutional  #NoMuslimBan  or how you will vote on Trump's education pick! #NotoDeVos
fun fact: history will judge you as a collaborator.
WHAT ABOUT THE #MuslimBan
#FunFact: US legal immigrants are being deported. Meanwhile, you tweet about sports.
I am starting to regret voting for you
is baseball really the most important thing on your mind? Stand up against Trump.
there is more important news you need to address.   Ban on  refugees is a major one
Sir, with all due respect, this is no time for "fun facts".  We need you to speak out on what Trump is doing. #nomuslimban
Coward...
stunned & extremely disappointed by ur non response. Do better. Be better. Americans deserve better.  Ohioans deserve better.
This is what you post today?  Nothing about the EO on immigration?  SAD!!
Coward!
Please speak up about the ban and about Bannon. This is not right and you know it!
OPEN YOUR EYES MAN
people of Ohio will remember your priorities.
this is not the time for fun facts!
Cleveland is going to be ruined if a substantial portion of its doctors are banned from getting visas!
And nothing about Muslim detention? So youre not rrally pro-life.
Disgraceful!!!! Your priorities are out of whack
.@senrobportman As an Ohioan, I am appalled that you chose to tweet about sports rather than the unconstitutional #MuslimBan. Shame on you.
Rob, You're better than this.
kinda thinking there might be a more important issue that you should be focusing on tonight.
Wake up, Senator! Time to be a grown up.
.@senrobportman Timing is everything, Senator. With all due respect, yours tonight is tone deaf. Stand up for immigrants in our fair state.
Really!?  Your talking baseball when your boss has invoked fear & placed a Muslim ban?  When is your term up?
.@senrobportman Really? This is what you have to say today? Some comment about sports?
Fun fact: your decision to discuss sports instead of a ban on Muslims is embarrassing to this entire state. #nomuslimban
“To those fleeing persecution terror & war, Canadians will welcome you, regardless of your faith. Diversity is our strength.”
And you're ok with Trump's week of chaos? For shame.
. All srar game while American residents are being detained.
Stop being a disappointment to American! Stand against the Muslim ban, you know it is wrong!!
#FunFact democracy is under attack and you could care less.
your silence is killing me...and a whole lot of others. #manup #MuslimBan
Why Have you not commented on the Muslim ban but you comment on this? #Deplorable
You're gonna tweet about baseball and not comment on Trumps horrible Muslim ban? Come on!!
Are you kidding?  refugees fleeing from war are being banished from entry and you tweet about sports?
I'm so glad you're focusing on the real issues that are facing our nation today
.@senrobportman Progressive field? Indians? Is he talking about DAPL? Nope. Sports. Good thing the world's not on fire.
#NoMuslimBan #WhyWeMarch yr living constituents come in all colors, genders, religions. Need yr help now 2017!
.@senrobportman @Indians @MLB Thanks for tweeting about sports while people were being detained illegally. Enjoy church tomorrow!
- This is not the time to be tweeting about sports. Do we have to tell you this?
Could you maybe not tweet about sports when we need you to do your job?
Too bad @senrobportman you arent as interested in families wanting to host refugees. Guess what? #WeThePeople object! @Indians @MLB
you should be ashamed.  There's so much more going on that requires your attention!! What is wrong with you?
Actual fact, a madman is ruining this country.  What are you going to do about ut?
Senator, w/ everything going on, it would be helpful for constituents to know your stance on issues. Not sports
how to not get re-elected...
While America closes its borders and abandons its moral compass, you're fun-facting a BASEBALL GAME?
really? this today?
what is wrong with you?
So disappointed. :(   Please speak out about this atrocity.
invisible Senator
. @senrobportman #FunFact: Ted Strickland would be tweeting about the peril our republic is in tonight.  Do your damn job.
Quit being such a wuss.
.@senrobportman "FunFact"? Seriously, you're tweeting about baseball right now? Step up and make a statement about #muslimban issue. #resist
seriously you are tweeting about baseball ??? I see you too are scared of @realDonaldTrump
delete your account.
yeah rob, good time to be tweeting the Indians. See what is going on at JFK and stand up.
anything about the human rights crisis caused by your President?
Someone hacked you right? You cannot think this is appropriate timing.
Pretty sure the constituents who voted for you (I wasn't one, but hey) didn't vote for you to be excited about sports.
How about you actually go and do something to condemn what's going on in our country right now? This is wrong. SPEAK UP.
.@senrobportman @Indians @MLB our country is on fire, but please, Nero, fiddle me a song about baseball.
their logo is racist and so is this ban. Do something about it.
You should be ashamed. People all over are protesting the #Unconstitutional #muslimban and you're tweeting about baseball.
OMG WHO CARES??? The world is on fire! STOP THIS
stop the insanity of worldwide terror and embarrassing behavior of this man,he's alienated at home and abroad.
.@senrobportman @Indians @MLB Another "Fun Fact" - Trump issuing illegal orders that are making us LESS SAFE. What are you doing about it?
@realDonaldTrump is destroying American values & making a mockery of traditional Christian values, but you're worried about @MLB? WTF?!
#FunFact: You first disavowed Trump's Muslim ban in December 2015. Excited for you to do it again in 2017!
#FunFact: Officials are detaining a Syrian family who were supposed to be starting a new life in Ohio today.
history is not kind to collaborators.
embarrassing. Do something. #resist
I don't think fun facts are approp at a time when national policy on refugees is disgraceful & shameful.
Why havent you responded to my DeVos concerns Rob?
Your silence on the #MuslimBan is noted sir
These tweets make you look xenophobic #GOPdontcare
You need to speak up about something more important than sports.#Muslimban #notnormal
you're a coward #NoBanNoWall
have you been to the airport lately
travel ban is unjust and un-American.  Do you support it?
No time today for fun facts. What will you do about the fascist Muslim ban?
.@senrobportman I bet the Syrian family banned from arriving this Tuesday in Cleveland was "excited" for a peaceful nights sleep.
this is sick. #youredoingitwrong
To not speak up about Trump's immigration ban is cowardice. The Statue of Liberty weeps.
perhaps you missed the other big news today?  This is just disappointing.
Will you address the Muslim ban? Your silence will be not be forgotten
#funfact you're a gutless wonder for not standing up for immigrants just wait until he comes after LGBT community will u care
Really that is all you have to say considering that America is dying?
Your priorities speak to the height of your privilege. #MuslimBan
#funfact There's nothing Progressive about that field. I wonder if you're wearing that racist logo on a hat while Trump signs racist orders?
Are you kidding? C'mon now, speak out against this horrible action. History will not treat you kindly if you remain silent.
Really? The house is on fire and your mind is on baseball! #nowallnoban
smoke my pole
1.  Quit being a coward.  2.  You have more power than most to oppose what is happening.  3.  You will be remembered for this
#funfact is the best you can do?!?

Still no response to the Withow HS hate crime

Stand and fight #MuslimBan ban
howdy bob, did you notice some shit is going down right now? care to comment?
I'm glad sports are so important to you right now considering your party's president is violating human rights.
Waiting for u to speak out on the reckless, illegal ban. How is this "Christian values"?  #DoBetter
Seriously!? My other Senator had the courage to acknowledge the tragedy happening right now and you're tweeting about sports.
#Fun Fact: you have work to do. Families torn apart, scientists turned away, democracy upended. #NoBanNoWall
leadership.  Step up.  The ban is wrong.
Jesus said how we treat foreigners is equal to how we treat him. Are you embracing or rejecting him?
ur ignoring ur constituents re: condemning ban on refugees. Where's ur #funfact abt the lives and families being torn apart?
- this is your hot topic? Stand up for American values and against this Muslim ban. Shame on you, sir!
he doesn't need to stand up against the Muslim ban. We're making America safe again
Your decision to tweet about sports amidst news of Trump's newest horrendous human rights violation is nauseating. Do better.
The #GOP owns this. Do working people in OH know you plan to take away Medicare and increase retirement age?
#TreasounousGOP
these refugees are terrified and homeless and they need compassion. Why are u tweeting about baseball?
delete this
seriously? Where are you when your country needs you?
You have the power to help. Please, you have to do what you can--this country is quickly going to hell in a handbasket
Very bold message, Senator.  Seriously?
#funfact: #RobPortman hasn't condemned #Trump's #MuslimBan. It's time to speak up Rob. #Unconstitutional
Are you kidding me?  FunFact??  #nowallnoban
I mean great and all but perhaps there are some more important things for you to tweet about this evening.
I'm not sure we can focus on baseball when green card holders are being denied their right to return to he US!
where are you and we need you to stop the madman who thinks he is king
I think we have more pressing issues right now than baseball @senrobportman @Indians @MLB
YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED- nothing to say about Trump's #MuslimBan but you're talking about the 2019 allstar game?
How can you be so disengaged and callous? Will you not stand up against violations of our Constitution? Shame!
what a shameful thing to care about today.
This is what's on your mind tonight? You represent me, & I'm ashamed of you. I'm the child of an immigrant and refugee of war.
fun fact: the country is out protesting this despicable #muslimban& you are sports tweeting. Speak up @GOP !!!
#FunFact : condoning injustice is as bad as injustice. #MuslimBan
where is your leadership on the Muslim ban. Had I known you would have stayed silent I wouldn't have voted for you.
#funfact:Rob Portman doesn't have a spine. He's moved Weekend at Bernie's style by big business and @realDonaldTrump
Thanks for your racially insensitive tweet while remaining silent about not-my-@POTUS inhumane treatment of refugees @senrobportman #swamp
Now, this is leadership! Pay attention Ohio.
so this is your priority right now. Baseball while human rights are being violated and country protesting. Stand up to DJT.

nothing more important to comment on...... really come on
you can do better
are you kidding me?!?!?  This week I'm changing my party affiliation.
All of these tweets and no comment on #muslimban I am an Ohioan and I vote
Dear God, what is wrong with you or your social media manager? Please tell me this was a scheduled tweet.
now is not the time, sir. please speak up or we will remember you as complicit come election day.
FUN FACT Here's what standing up against fascism looks like.
I oppose President Trump's exec order to turn our
backs on children & families fleeing violence. My full statement: https://www.brown.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/brown-opposes-executive-order-blocking- … 
@SenSherrodBrown I was gon say 1 senator out of 2 aint bad...but actually it is
So it's baseball that's occupying your thoughts right now? WTF?
