Please stop lying about this tax cut for the wealthy. Just stop it. We are not stupid. You sound ridiculous.
No tax reform if it means giving bigger cuts to the wealthy. No matter how it is sliced, it always  comes at everyone else's expense.
Add the cost of birth control now and unwanted pregnancies now thanks to @realDonaldTrump
Your plan is BS and EVERYONE knows it. U hurt the middle class
How about higher wages?
What we need is relief from you.
#BotPortmanforRetirement
#WorthlessSenator
#partoftheproblem
#payattention
#whatareyoudoing
#gorunbikeswim
So what you gonna do? Plans? Analysis? Answers? Just rhetoric. We deserve better.
Not u&your rich pals thought! SenPortman: we have learned that the NRA paid you $3MILLION dollars from weapons sales. You make a XLG Profit
AND HEALTHCARE!!! If we are all struggling financially, why would you vote to make HC harder to get and more expensive?
#PortmanIsAJoke
So, how does cutting taxes for billionaires help the middle class squeeze?...don't say "trickle down"!!
Trump's tax plan ain't gonna get us there.
you rob from peter to pay paul and the fat guy gets fatter .......... sounds like trickle down Rob .......... got to do better
Trickle down and cutting health benefits won't help anyone but the rich.
Well the proposed tax plan isn’t going to help. Oh & we’d like health insurance.
The GOP tax reform is going to take more money out of our pockets and put it in your rich donors hands. But you don't care about us, that's obvious.
Well thanks for making me pay for my birth control today. That helped my middle class budget. Try actually helping my pocket book!
You're going to make it worse
Let's work to lower student loan interest and that would help out the middle class. For many of us, student loans are what hurts.
I totally agree
How about a living wage - that covers food, clothing, housing, transportation, healthcare, education and a 2 week vacation?
Why not start with Ohio labor is for Ohioans first? But no....you'll just walk around in factories
They probably deserve higher wages.Some corporations could do that by paying top execs less and rank&file more.No one believes GOP nonsense.
You are the juicer. #VotePortmanOut
Tax reform dude!!
Single payer universal healthcare. It's bankrupting the middle class.If not,we want the healthcare you have,and your retirement! !!!!!!
How?
no birth control then no erectile dysfunction coverage
Top 1 percent DO NOT! Keep the Estate Tax !
STOP TAKING MONEY FROM THE NRA -
But you can get a car for $1000!
.....don't forget that $1000 kitchen remodel you've been putting off!  "Out of touch" doesn't begin to describe them...smh.
You know they really believed we’d be grateful for that tiny pile of cash.
Better than 0 under Obama
Not once have you heard of the lower class citizens. All middle class and up..Hmm..
Your tax Bill will not give it to us.
Premium in 2018 for silver plan in Columbus $1,159.61 p/p not including co-pays and deductibles. Priced out of the market. #ACA helps who?
Thank you @senrobportman for staying focused on the NEEDS of our great state #Ohio #MakeOhioGreatAgain #TaxReform #Jobs #MAGA
#TaxReform for corporate interests at the expense of the middle class is no reform. Check your math. Preferably without using #CommonCore
You tried to kill poor people HOW many times this year w crappy healthcare bills? Now you will give breaks to the wealthiest. Just stop.
They deserve healthcare too
36 s 17 retweets and 213 replies. Not a good sign.
you are not being honest with us
How does this help the working class at all? Explain. Better yet, explain during a Town Hall. Maybe u can find Portman's lair & bring him 2
Save our b.c. or women will be squeezed more financially
Give us a break and stop pitching this. We all know it will make things worse for us and better for you and your rich donors.
Have you even read the Republican Tax Plan.  If you had you’d know this just isn’t true.  We don’t need your rich donors to get richer!
So we can count on your vote this year for tax reform.
Oh yeah!  Can't wait to renovate my kitchen for $1,000.  Or maybe I'll buy that new car...decisions, decisions.
Then why are you taking away deductions that will cause my taxes to go up??!? #thanksfornothing
How can I afford to send you pants from @amazon when I'm paying thousands more in fed income taxes? 
We deserve good healthcare.  Something you, Trump and the GOP refuse to support.
Does this mean you'll join the #Fightfor15 ?
@senrobportman - Real tax reform would not increase the debt by $1.5 trillion & cause working class Americans to have less.
Maybe the @NRA can send them millions of dollars too?
#fightfor15 duh.
So yet another bill you vote for that you have not read.  Exactly whom do u represent? (Yes, we know)
Instead, the rich will get relief. The ppl who struggle will lose birth control, abortion option, & services 2 help with kid cost &more tax!
I wish you would stop lying to us Ohioans. We read the proposal. It enriches rich people on our backs. We need REAL reform. This isn't it.
Universal Healthcare would go a long way towards making everyone more financially stable.
Constituent 44074. Big tax cuts for the rich, huge cuts to healthcare and other social programs. How will this help us?
This plan won't help!
Absolutely.  Let’s make the tax reform retroactive to include all of 2017 Mr Portman.
We deserve affordable health care that includes birth control coverage regardless of where we work
You really don't care... you get elected by gun lobby:
Fair sensible relief.  Not windfall for the 1%
I wish you and your Republican buddies would stop all the lying.
Let us know when you come up with one @senrobportman, because this GOP plan gives breaks to millionaires and screws over the middle class.
Families need higher wages much more than they need lower taxes. You promise pennies when people need dollars.
@IndivisibleOH8
The real problem is the wage gap not the tax brackets. Truth is tax cuts also mean reduced services and higher deficits and debt.
The current tax proposal is dishonest. It sacrifices the future of our children for the immediate greed of the wealthy. Ultimately we suffer
And healthcare, Mr. Portman
STOP THE PRESS> If nothing is done about dissolving the FEDERAL RESERVE, we will all continue to be ON SATAN'S PAYROLL. Where do you stand?
This tax plan is a give away to your dealers. You have an addiction to Koch Money. Admit the problem and seek help!  #kochaddict
Maybe rich employers should start paying their workers higher salaries.
Right!!    I’m sending my child to college, and the middle class gets little to no help.  We need tax relief and help.
not with the tax cut that this admin is presenting. Middle class will pay more in taxes. How does that help. Only benefits U
Families feeling the squeeze... quick! Let's only focus on banning abortion, and "forget" to re-up CHIP benefits for kids!
Families feeling the squeeze... quick! Let's draft healthcare bills that reintroduce preexisting conditions!
Families feeling the squeeze... quick! Let's make everything better for folks by destroying Medicaid and Medicare!
Liar!
OMG Does your breath smell more like Trump's butt or McConnell's crotch?
Lets call trickle down what it is, vinegar for the middle class and p!ss for the working poor.
They do need relief, so increase wages and stop with this nonsense so called #TaxReform that raises taxes on mid & bottom and cuts for rich.
I know your motto is keep them down, keep them poor...proud Ohio resident #votehimout
Are you going to have a town hall to discuss it? It's been a while...
Giving tax cuts to the wealthy doesn’t solve this.
More staff fluff.  We want relief on your positions regarding healthcare, environment, and LGBT citizens--you stand w/ Roy Moore, NRA & 1%.
Too bad the Republican bill does nothing to solve those problems.
Not buying what you're trying to sell Rob!
Going to unfollow you Portman. You vote against your constituents. Reaganomics. Lived it, suffered it.
.@senrobportman doesn't want you to know that TOP 1% receives 80% of TAX CUTS! Working Americans....   !!!

#TrumpPortman #ConManRob
SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
Reform?
We also deserve a sane president.
And your tax plan is only going to hurt us more
Oh, look at you being the face of of deceptive tax reform. The ads for Democrats in 2022 will write themselves.
Typical Bate and Switch by the GOP... They want you to think they are helping you when they are actually benefiting the Rich alot more.
They deserve to have the income gap reduced
You know what would really help? Doing something about those flat wages instead of giving what little money we have away to the wealthy.
You don't care about the middle class, what a joke you are senator.
Good idea! So let's go back to the Eisenhower era brackets/rates and higher estate tax and make America great.
...say, Rob, why don't you start a business, oh, let's say, lift trucks, etc.  
You can GROW it and hire OPIATE USERS or victims of sex traf
The kind of Tax Reform you are talking about will not help the middle class.  Quit lying.  You lie to us everyday.  Sick of it.
Exhausted from searching for ONE tweet in support of your "tax reform" plan. We're just not buying it. @GOP fail.
We deserve Senators and government officials who care about their constituents.....you won't provide us relief
Hosre shit!!
How does eliminating the estate tax (which effects only estates worth over $5M) raise middle class wages?
Then why did you create a plan that is designed to provide relief to the wealthy?
Then why are you doing the exact opposite of that?
So many ways to do this, like lower health care costs to start. I enjoy paying a lot of money for life saving medicine for my family. 
Then propose tax cuts for the midle class, not the wealthy. Trickle down doesn't work.  The economy grows from the middle, not the top.
Your tax plan is not relief 4 the middle class! It's tax cuts 4 the wealthy & connected. Less tax money coming to invest in this country.
Let's take a look at an era when the middle class was prosperous. What do you notice? http://federal-tax-rates.insidegov.com 
For the middle class this #TaxReform seems to validate the old saying: The only 2 things you can count on is #DeathAndTaxes
Taking away the state/local tax deduction won’t help us. At all.
Yes we do. So cut middle & lower income households and RAISE TAXES FOR RICH & BIG BIZ. CLOSE LOOPHOLES SO THEY MUST PAY.
You are horrible people, the GOP.
Yes they do!  But is what you are offering going to provide it? Or is the relief more for your wealthy donors?
Your proposed plan isn't a solution to this problem, though. Why the disconnect?
#TaxReform does the opposite though, so...


Then let’s invest in them instead of this b.s. $1000 cut.  Job training and healthcare should be our biggest priority
Liar. Your tax cut proposals will increase the national debt and enrich the wealthy. As the debt balloons you'll cut Sovial Security. #moron
1,074.



8 months late. Let’s hustle and get this done


STOP WITH THE LIES NOW Rob - You are killing the middle class!!!!!
Deserving relief and getting it from you are two very different things. The latter will never happen, because you don’t care.
Your tax plan is a lie as it is now -Middle Class pay more and you give tax cuts to 1% out of Medicare/Medicaid! Town Hall needed to explain
last i heard, billionaires aren't middle class.
Very few will get very little under the SCROTUS's "plan." SAD!!!
Yeah except we’ll pay more. We’re not stupid you know!
Yes we do, Senator. Please remember when youhave no discretionary fuunds and live paycheck to paycheck, tax credits don't help anything.
GOP tax reform proposals haven't benefitted the middle class in the last 50 years they've been trying. You're lying to push failed policy.
We deserve to know what the President is hiding in his tax returns.
Then why are the overwhelming amount of the tax cuts for the wealthiest 1%? This plan does nothing to help the middle class,
Your words ring true, but your solution does the exact opposite #richgetricher #shameonyou
Your party is also deliberately sabotaging ACA with EO and subversive methods since a direct vote repeal failed. Tax “reform” part of it.
This whole scheme is a quid pro quo payback to your donors and you’re counting on our ignorance to pass it. #fraud #sellout #quidproquo
Exactly right....well said.
More bullshit propaganda. Your tax plan penalizes families to reward rich. They don’t need the money and WON’T reinvest the savings.
and the answer is helping the rich?
Agree with your comments. However, what Rs propose for tax reform won't provide relief to middle class. Designed to benefit business & 1%.
Stop tweeting now!!!!!
Senator, your cronies' proposed handouts to the top 1% DO NOT BENEFIT the middle class. #NotOnePenny
Too bad your plan addresses none of this.  Everyone is watching. Change course!
This will not help the middle to poor class!! Stop lying to us! This tax cut helps the rich and no one else!
BS AND enough with WHITE gun owners killing with assault rifles!
Yes we do.  Not your family.  But the rest of us that AREN'T RICH!!
Yes.... GOP and rich donors want to relieve us of our hard earned cash and heath care. #NotOnePenny
They do deserve #TaxReform -- when are you going to introduce it? All that's out there right now is another failed #KochTaxCut
Too bad Trickle Down doesn't work Rob! Stagnant wages and CEOs that rake in MILLIONS in bonuses...that's what your #ShamTaxReform will do! #FlipHisSeat #Resign
This entire scenario is eerily familiar. Now where have I seen this info before? Oh yeah- it was the GOP selling their health care plan-3x!
End work visas
stop your lies
Senator Portman has received a whooping  $3,061,941 contribution from NRA.
.@senrobportman And women deserve access to affordable healthcare including for reproductive health. Fight back!
I suggest all women affected see their "Representatives" with a detailed analysis of their healthcare concerns treated with hormones.
Cutting Medicare and Medicaid and other programs that help the poor is not relief no tax cuts for the rich if you hurt the poor and middle
yes, but why do tax cuts for millionaires help?
So by #Ohio families you mean your wealthy donors, right? #TaxReform
You're fired.
#TaxReform will not help the middle class.
In theory I'm with you but in practice you're wanting to find ways to relieve the rich & hope somehow that helps the middle. It doesn't.
Tell us why you believe this #TaxReform package is geared toward helping the middle class
TOO MANY #OHIO FAMILIES ARE FACING LACK OF AFFORDABLE HC BECAUSE THE.@GOP IS SABOTAGING THE ACA. THEY DESERVE THIER RIGHT TO ACA HEALTHCARE!
They gut Medicare& Medicaid&AcA all elderly will be losing there insurance& children everyone young will die from over dose
GOP tax plan does not help middle-class families. This is a tax cut for the wealthy. Another painfully failing bill from Trump Inc #Grifters
https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2017/09/13/the-hurricanes-will-have-a-significant-negative-impact-on-third-quarter-gdp-growth.html ….
Ohioan middle class workers and their children WILL BE PAYING for the huge increase to our deficit that Repubs will inflict with this plan
You neighborhood is not the real world. We don't need tax cuts, we need realistic, affordable health care options and gun control.
We don't believe you care about the middle class. You showed your true colors on health care.
That hashtag is dumb as hell. It’s like saying “too many families are hungry and deserve to be fed. #iNeedaNewYacht”
What makes the cost of living higher? Who keeps wages flat? A third grade social studies student knows it’s not “taxes.”
Thetax plan will kill the middle class will be the poor class& the poor class will be all homeless I guess the gop don't care
Yeah, we are feeling the squeeze, but your tax plan isn't going to help the middle class at all. I ran the early numbers - I may pay MORE?
While people in the 1% will save hundreds of thousands or even MILLIONS more with the cut - and we know it won't "trickle down" to us.
So save your tweets, please. Average Americans see thru the lies and know this tax cut isn't for us. We pay more to give the rich more $$.
And your plan will steal millions from medicaid to pay off your rich donors, too. Putting further strain on hardworking Ohioans.
Why do we worry so much about the 1%?  It gives US tax relief just as it does to them.  That liberal mindset is the problem
Hey bot you're not even in Ohio. We all know that "trickle down" just means that the rich will be pissing on us.
wow you keep lying to Ohioans-the middle class and the working class are not going to get relief from this tax cut to the rich
Tax reform for the working class not for donors or the wealthy close the loop holes on wealthy and Corp this tax reform so far is a joke
Please make a case based on past policy success that tax reform of this nature works to benefit the middle class.
You lie!

Hey, Rob, where is the money that was supposed to trickle down to me after Reagan cut taxes on the rich? Still waiting...
Me too!  35+ years ago GHW Bush called it voodoo economics......was then....is now.
Sure you are not promoting the new EPA the way your video starts?
Rob, your DC staff is rude & not helpful & you refuse to hold town hall meetings. You don't know the people you represent.
Literally no one is falling for this round, Rob. We know who’ll be making this money and it isn’t us.


