Ohio Senator Rob Portman's fax number has  been removed from his web page. It's (202) 224-9075.
THANK YOU!
don't let up on free and appropriate PUBLIC educational. Support IDEA. No on DeVos.
you know what else would help? Education!  Stop being a politician and start being human. Vote no on devos!!
not bad. Now let's show the same compassion & get all those former crack addicts out of jail.
If I can find 52,000 people to pay you $1 to vote #NotoDeVos would you go for it or nah? Seemed to work the other way around.
as a mother of 3, I'm very concerned about their future. I believe we should focus on public education!!! #noDevos
the ACA saves lives every day, including those suffering from addiction
Keep ACA, fix it. Addicts need mental health parity. And free birth control.
After reading ur tweets the past few weeks, plz delete your acct.U ignore every constituent here & u don't answer your phone
yes and we can do that with PUBLIC schools led by educators, not billionaire privatization moguls.
very important work; so is education! Stand up for education in Ohio! Vote no on DeVos! 44035
TY for your hard work on this issue, but children, clean air, water and earth, reasonable gun laws are equally important.
Who is this 'we' you're referring to? Obviously it's not your constituents. Represent us Sen Portman. #VoteNoDevos
hey loser! I hope you are teady for protest! Also, answer your phone and clear your voicemail- people want to talk to u
while I applaud your efforts, you could really make a difference in the lives of millions of students with a NO on DeVos
Clinton Foundation w/Adapt Pharma provide first nasal spray  of Naloxone to all US high schools FREE *Clinton not trump
DeVos is bad for public education. She will gut our funding and our children will pay the price. Please #noDevos
Vote no on #devos listen to your constituents and do the right thing!
thank you for addressing this. Have family in Ohio. PS please vote no on Devos!
On board with this, but the ACA saves lives too! Please don't leave Ohioans without legitimate health care!
: https://www.gofundme.com/buy-back-rob-portman …
Yes! Good stuff! @senrobportman
Have you noticed how many people 'like' your tweets? Say 'no' to DeVos and we will support you!
Steve Bannon will give direction to DT, that a terrorist movement causing it, NOT big pharm stand up against hate and fear
show that you care about the education of our children as well. No to DeVos! We Ohio voters are watching!
An epidemic of uneducated children would also be terrible. #DumpDevos #NoonDeVos
your constituents finally found you. You've been hiding in DeVos' pocketbook all along.
thousands of constituents have flooded your phone lines for 2 weeks asking you to do the right thing. #NoDeVos
and has he called anyone back? Or actually spoken to them? No one in Lucas county has heard a peep from him
this bill passed 6+ months ago. You're beginning to sound like a scratched record.
he is just another worthless career politician/scratched record
maybe you should think about the roll of public education and public school teachers in stopping this epidemic #noDevos
Voting YES for DeVos means you'll be losing votes in the next election. Save the education department - vote NO on DeVos.
and we won't give up demanding your resignation. #DumpDevos #DumpPortman
I supported you and I m not a republican  please help us stop trump
I applaud your commitment to this important cause. I’d like to enlist your help in another important & time-critical cause.1/

we won't let up. We will never stop trolling you for backing @BetsyDeVos. You won't have my vote in 6 years if you back her.

other epidemics:  too many guns in our communities; for profits attacking public education; assaults on our diversity
So when are you launching the investigation into pharmas. jacking up prices on naloxone - 6x since 2014.
we won't let up until you listen to your constituents!  #nodevos
you're not even good at delivering a persuasive argument.  Lacking inspiration, overall low energy.
#NoDevos
Tide still rolling, killing
I need you to not let up on this president, Russia, Betsy DeVoss, and Steve Bannon. Take a stand.
if you confirm Betsy Devos it will be worse.
B DeVos is not qualified. Vote no for Ohio students!
It's delusional thinking to believe #POTUS cares about anything but big $$$. So why do you keep backing him? #UnfitToLead #boughtbydevos
if you #repealobamacare who is going to pay for drug addicts #treatment #heroin for #Ohio residents? #district12 do you care?
Agreed! And WE will not let up until you agree to vote no on DeVos to save our children's futures! #DeVos
Vote NO ON DEVOS
Please sir, show some courage. No on DeVos, Pruitt. Bannon off NSC.
your constituency will not give up until you commit to voting on the side of our children & our schools. #DumpDevos #noDevos
start with good schools. Vote no on #devos
I’ll bet repealing Obamacare is going to fix the problem. Maybe a minimum wage cut too.
still time to be the hero Ohio kids need...... do the right thing..vote NO on DeVos....
Show you care about Ohio education @senrobportman and vote #nodevos @IamCPS @OFTadvocate
This is a defining moment for you in history, Mr Portman, will you stand up for us and vote NO on DeVos?
ACA,DeVos,Bannon. Important issues but silence from you Many tweet on highly controversial issue of heroin bad. Why?
sir children whose educational needs are unmet are far more likely to become addicts.  DeVos is ignorant about education.
Stand tall my man and show courage. Vote no on DeVos.
an extra 5million from #devos fines would help but you're only focused on the $51k donation to your campaign
I'm betting Senator you won't proffer a Tweet regarding your DeVos vote.  Hide and Seek seems to be your modus operandi sir.
know what else saves lives? Public education. #noDevos
and we're not letting up on you, sir. Vote no on DeVos!
if you want to save lives, how about the ACA? And listen to OHIO and say no to Unqualified DeVos! #nobetsydevos #SaveACA
We can't let up until you promise to vote No on Betsy DeVos!! Your constituents are watching - and we'll remember!! 44224
...bought and paid for by Betsy DeVos.... $51,000 will get you a seat as Education Secretary.
how about we take care of our kids and vote #noDevos
that's exactly how your constituents feel about education.
