Will being craven and heartless count as pre-existing conditions?
You are despicable, and I don't know how you sleep at night.
Throw a couple of bucks at the white middle class, they all nod and go mmm hmmm, he gets reelected to give all his donors tax breaks
Now we're talking Senator. Oh wait no we aren't. Where can we meet so we can ?
Please let me know when he hosts a Town Hall...I won't hold my breath
And actually talk to his constituents? Ha
A novel idea, right? Silly me! What ever was I thinking?!?
How about advocating for open discussion of the bill, Senator? Stop pandering to 45 and his ilk.
@robportman  look out for the people of #Ohio and let us see the health care plan. #AHCA  #ProtectOurCare
Medicaid helps
In a way that protects ALL OF US!
Do we get to see the bill before your vote?
Needs to be bipartisan and NOT done in secret.
Hah!! Right. Still waiting for a viable solution that doesn't knock 23 million people off healthcare like #AHCA. It's called #SinglePayer
I'm not sure why you & your office continue to tweet, @senrobportman. You obviously don't read, nor care about, dialogue w/ constituents.
There's not one person commenting on any of these that is in favor of the AHCA. His supporters would be saying something if they liked it!
As a constituent, I encourage you to support a plan that helps all OHIOANs.... not one that provides tax cuts for the wealthy
I hope you don't vote for this horrible bill you are supposed to rep the people not the president
Please no #Trumpcare
How about not taking health care away from them? DON'T ROLL BACK MEDICAID!!!
So the Reps have presented a plan that will strip medical coverage from millions! How does that protect those who have no voice?
Just make sure women are included in that!
And yes when can we see you in person to talk about what you are doing? There can be security if you feel unsafe but sir, we need to talk.
Sen Portman- please keep your word in this! My Sen (Perdue) does not care. Our Nation depends on ethical Rs like you.
Open up your hearings and urge your colleagues to make things transparently.  You will be tied to your actions. Do the right thing sir.
When is your next town hall meeting that's a real town hall meeting? (Request #233)
Town Hall...when is it?
Agreed.  But is this a democracy when 13 republicans are working on a bill with no input from other senators behind close doors?
This Cincinnati resident says no to the GOP ACHA. It's worse than what we have now and why the secrecy?. Stand up to the unpopular @POTUS
How? By giving the wealthy an even bigger tax break? Why the secrecy? Trying to come with excuses or blaming Obama?
AHCA isn't the way to do it.  In fact, it will just make it worse for everyone.
Why no public hearings? The much criticized ACA was discussed openly in many committee meetings for over a year?
Vote against the Senate version of TrumpCare. I'm a constituent -from Lakewood Ohio. We need affordable healthcare for all!!!!
Then vote "NO!" On the AHCA
Maybe insist YOUR Pres/party stop intentionally sabotaging ACA to facilitate draconian AHCA, which they know is bad so won't even show us.
The most vulnerable include those who purchased insurance on exchanges, as well as those who are benefitting from the Medicaid extension.
If you sign onto a healthcare bill that includes any tax cuts for the wealthy, your expressed concern for the most vulnerable is meaningless
Have called DC office daily for weeks. Never an answer.  No calls returned.  Cbus phone always busy. Is twitter the only way to reach you?
Changing health care behind closed doors without any women involved is tone deaf and wrong.  Improve Obamacare. Don't repeal it.
Why all the secrecy, then? Please don't take health care away from any Ohioans. Let's have medicare for all. No AHCA!
Glad you think that way, the house bill will mean my 3yo will never be able to afford health insurance. Improve what we.
Then show us the bill!
The proposed AHCA does not protect us. It is a death warrant for millions.
Please bear this in mind as you meet with the POTUS today. The current admin is partisan & potentially corrupt. Please defend us against it
The problems with Obamacare (including Anthem's withdrawal from OH) are the result of GOP sabotage, but surely you know that.
Vote for Improved #MedicareForAll if you actually believe your tweet!
Repeal and replace does just the opposite of protecting our most vulnerable. Why do you support it?
Obamacare is not perfect but passing a bill that strips essential services is arcane and devastating to your constituents! NO ON AHCA
No . . . you must change . . . and work for quality affordable healthcare for all Ohioans.  It's time to do your job for all Ohioans.
Please be careful when voting on healthcare that impacts Ohioans.
We are watching and paying attention to who protects us.
AARP is watching.
Fraud.
ACHA.....HEARINGS? TESTIMONY? AMENDMENTS? MARK-UPS?......DEMOCRACY?
I hope your planning to vote no on healthcare until it proves to provide insurance to ALL Americans & is not a tax cut for rich& ins compnys
so you're going to propose a health care bill that actually does that or are you supporting the AHCA?
If so confident in what you have come up with why not share? What are you scared of? Why the secrecy? Still party loyal vs. Patriot  loyal.
I love how you don't listen to your constituents. The heath care you all are proposing is an atrocity and will knock many off of insurance 
Vote NO to the senate healthcare bill!!Eliminating and gutting Medicaid goes totally against your work on the opioid epidemic in Ohio.
@GOP is planning a fast one & to secretly push thru ur non-fix of #ACA while the WH provides cover with Mueller... We will remember this. 
When can we see this magical plan your group is hiding from public?
Destruction, disabling, bankrupting, undoing seems to be ALL the @GOP is capable of doing & truly wants to do. Party politics o/v Ppl AGAIN!
Honesty, integrity, ethics, morals, let alone a Christian Spirit is VOID in the hearts, minds & souls of any Rep that wants to pass the ACHA
It's a sad day when we can't trust our own reps we gave this honor to, that they choose to hide their actions & dealings behind our backs.
I will not support a senator who wld vote for this death bill that refuses to face his constituents, hold town halls or have hearings on it.
hmmm going to rush thru trumpcare?
NOT with a SECRET HEALTHCARE PLAN you & the GOP are trying to sneak past American citizens!  #payattention #DoYourJob #notaxcut4therich
Sir you work for Ohio not Mitch McConnell @SenateMajLdr   If you vote for this hidden bill I will never vote for you again ever.
Please do not vote on a bill that is snuck thru w no debate. If not bc you have morals, then bc u'll never hold public office again if u do
So why are Republicans so afraid of Democratic input? Why are they rushing? Why don't they want anyone to see it? Why are you all cowards?
If you believe in that then don't approve Trumpcare! Adders the exorbitant costs of drugs and demand pricing transparency. Don't sell us out
How's the Senate GOP bill doing? No one else knows. Is input unwelcome?
How about some regular order on the healthcare bill? Some hearings maybe? You will own this thing when Ohions lose coverage.
why the closed door meetings? That is not the way democracy works. This should be a bipartisan bill and openly debated.
#RepealAndReplace #Obamacare Tell @SenSchumer @SenSherrodBrown @SenatorLeahy Aka Leaky Leahy, the #Republicans didn’t create the problem.
Great idea! Where do you stand on the back room version that's being hammered out now? Wish the people could see it!
Senator - have you seen a copy if the GOP bill? Could you please get a copy out to Ohioans so we can see the details?
Vote no! This is definitely not an improvement! It increases for the most vulnerable and our senior citizens. We must protect.
DO you even READ responses to your tweets??? No.. you don't listen to people who call, fax or write either...
IF YOU BELIEVED THIS, you wouldn't let them write a bill in secret would you!!! Transparency with bipartisan effort is what we need!!
Save our health care. Please, don't vote for greedy house bill.
If you support this secret process; a bill not getting open Senate debates or hearings - you can't fix the problem. You are part of it.
So what's the plan, Senator?
But this senate bill is NOT the way to do this #peopleoverparty
There are 347 foster kids in Stark County who will lose healthcare with a Medicaid roll back, do you even care?
Health Care is a right that must be for the people not the corporations..... But the corporations have the big money.. So it is all for them
We the voters urge you to oppose the Republican health care bill. This terrible bill would take away health care from the most vulnerable.
35 likes and 237 comments AGAINST supporting the AHCA. What will it take for you to see the reality of your choices?
I agree with this. We should preserve the ACA and move to single payer.
That is what we in the disability community have been asking. Pls release a draft so we can see how you plan to follow through on that.
If you vote on a bill that is not released to the public, you are betraying Ohio.
I agree.  Let's fix #ACA and throw away #AHCA

When asked why they're not releasing a draft of the bill, a Senate GOP aide actually said, "We're not stupid."

This is deeply cynical shit. https://twitter.com/sam_baker/status/874290293989928960 …
Let's see the bill you shady pos.
My insurance has never been better! The cost of premiums vs level of coverage is good. The ACA subsidies make it affordable!
How about we start with Medicaid.  We all contribute like Medicare.  It drops off at poverty level, money contributed
Becomes tax credit if you don't use or have private insurance.
EXACTLY!  AHCA will not do that!  Please don't let that mess pass!
How incredibly disingenuous Senator. Health insurers have said that it's GOP & Trump withholding payment to them that has caused these
Rate increases & companies to pull out. Let's not pretend that you care with this awful AHCA bill that puts millions of the "vulnerable" in
The position of not being able to afford health insurance because they had cancer or a heart attack or have asthma or diabetes. The GOP
With their sleazy secret meetings is fooling NOONE! No wonder you're not showing up for town halls. But we will still be here Senator, when
You come back to Ohio, your EMPLOYERS will be here to tell you what we think of this & YOU. Count on it.
Please don't pass Trumpcare. Work with Dems to improve ACA
So, why are you taking away their medicare? Savings don't even reduce deficit since you give that $$ to wealthy.
How about holding open hearings so we can hear what you're up to?
2012 avg OH SG prem= $415.58 per mo
Avg annual OH SG  = 7.5%
Today would = $596.62
Avg mo #ACA SG OH Silver plan for 40 yr old= $351.73
You're a coward. You're voting to take Medicaid away b/c GOP leadership told you to. It's pathetic. #PartyFirst
Agreed. Can you please inform us in what way you are trying to accomplish that? Because the bill you're writing is still secret.
OMG I got to agree with you 
is this the way?

C.Hayes
This is *unreal*. Senate has a bill but won't show the public. They're going to send their secret bill to the CBO
shady, Senator...is this your MO?...proud?
Single-payer Medicare-for-All universal health care, Senator.  That's the least expensive, most comprehensive way to go.
Under Trump care 539,000+will lose health care coverage in Ohio. Please help us out not hurt us.
Ratio'd
Also - Anthem is withdrawing over uncertainty in Fed sub $... so maybe work w/ that brilliant Pres of ours on clearing up that uncertainty?
that won't happen if you destroy Medicaid and Medicare! Maybe you can open your mouth to support anything but Trumpcare
Senate GOP hiding all details of tax cut for rich (paid for by cutting  healthcare for millions of others) https://www.axios.com/senate-gop-wrapping-up-health-care-bill-but-wont-release-it-2440345281.html …  #Ohio
Really? When are you going to do that? That's right, I keep forgetting, millionaires & billionaires are the most vulnerable.
I noticed your statement didn't include ins co statements that continual changes & funding uncertainty by the govt are cause
Your plan will kill my friends and family. Find a better option.
Anthem's pullout of OH HC b|c Pres & Reps play political games repealing the ACA.B/C of this 70,000 OH lose their HC.That's unacceptable.
Why healthcare senate bill being done in secret? No public hearings & not bipartisan. Politics as usual. Sen. Portman obstructionist on ACA
Stop making this about Dems vs Repubs. You are more concerned with getting rid of a successful Democrat plan than you are what's best for us
Work toward an improved healthcare plan rather than just passing anything for bragging rights. The proposed Repub plan is NOT what we need.
Please vote AGAINST: anyone losing coverage; higher premiums for pre-exist. cond; eliminating MCaid funding! Vote AGAINST T-Care bill.

How can you possibly live with yourself if you vote for this abomination of a healthcare bill? No conscience?????
Yes! Please don't mimic the party line. Please stand for country over party. Let dems have a voice in this. Let your legacy live healthy!
FFS!! #AHCA protects nothing but the profits of America's bloated private insurance sector? Look at the CBO numbers. Families lose!
Why are @SenateGOP having a more secretive AHCA process than @SenateDems did on ACA? You railed against it, even w amendments! #hypocrisy
i agree, we must protect the most vulnerable. but i don't agree that the rich are the most vulnerable. town hall?
Throwing 24 million off ACA is not the answer Senator.
Gee. I thought the opioid crisis was your challenge:
Please read healthcare bills critically.
As a resident of Ohio, I'm very concerned about access to affordable healthcare. AARP is watching.
If you are suggesting AHCA will do this, you are wrong. 
Do NOT repeal ACA.
Yeah, I can see Y'all working very hard at bad mouthing ACA and fumbling for something else.
Hahahaha!  Your plan only helps the healthy and wealthy! Most vulnerable, ha! Please protect preexisting conditions and 10 essential EHBs!
Blah, blah, blah...
You can change health care by not taking from the poor, disabled, and elderly and giving it to the top 1%. Quit lying. Dems in 2018
Then you must not impose per capita caps on the elderly and disabled that destroy their access to community based services and supports !
23 million ppl w/o insurance and elderly=vulnerable. Wealthy with tax breaks=not vulnerable. Full Senate debate and quit with the secrecy.
Or stick with Obamacare. Ya know. Like everyone wants.
How are you going to defend those of us dependent on Ohio expanded Medicaid?
What are you doing for me?  I have a pre-existing condition.
Then vote NO on AHCA. It is much more harmful than Obama care. Fix not repeal.
And what did you do to keep Anthem in the Ohio ACA exchanges? Did you do anything? Or are you happy to be "right" about Obamacare?
It would be nice to know what "change" you and your GOP colleagues are working on. Why such a secretive process?  Seems undemocratic!
I look forward to hearing about it during the Senate hearings!! Ooohhh, wait. Yall are just going to push it through without a word, right?
The Senate and the Koch brothers have found a way torepeal the ACA.If this happens many people will die and many more will suffer.Pleasehelp
read up #Columbus #Cleveland #Cincinnati #Toledo #Akron #Dayton #Youngstown
Senate GOP plans no hearings https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-senates-three-tools-on-health-care-sabotage-speed-and-secrecy/2017/06/10/11bad38e-4d5a-11e7-9669-250d0b15f83b_story.html …
no hearings for AHCA. there were more than 100 for #ACA 
#Columbus #Cleveland #Cincinnati #Toledo #Akron #Dayton 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-senates-three-tools-on-health-care-sabotage-speed-and-secrecy/2017/06/10/11bad38e-4d5a-11e7-9669-250d0b15f83b_story.html …
#Columbus #Cleveland #Cincinnati #Toledo #Akron #Dayton #Youngstown
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-senates-three-tools-on-health-care-sabotage-speed-and-secrecy/2017/06/10/11bad38e-4d5a-11e7-9669-250d0b15f83b_story.html …
Sticking it to hundreds of thousands of Ohioans by repealing Medicaid Expansion is not the answer. Will devastate lives. Constituents first?
Change the ACA and don't implement Trumpcare. It will strip Ohio's most vulnerable of an unalienable right as defined in our Declaration
Unborn babies are actually not part of society. You need to be an actual living, breathing person to be a part of society.
I have it figured out now. "Most vulnerable" means the unborn. That's how you justify taking healthcare away from 70,000 actual people.
We're watching. So far the reports are worse than discouraging.
Then fix it. Don't just gut everything and leave a mess everywhere.
Single- payer, it's really not that difficult

Have s hearing. Listen to what the people need. Stop playing in the dark
Republicons have been fighting all efforts to do that since at least 1993 when they torpedoed Clinton's initiative. You've let 40K+/yr die.
hold hearings!  Debate this-include democrats #worktogether
"I’m going to do everything I can to...and ensure that our system works better for all Ohioans.” That's not a solution. campaign rhetoric
I knew you'd fall in line. Ohioan's will suffer to give tax breaks to those that don't need them.
When will you tell us what's in the bill?  Why is it a secret?


#thetruthhurts
Republicans Raised Your Health Care Premiums, Not Obamacare | Policy Dose | US News
@senrobportman, must protect old, sick, poor? Then #AHCA is out, correct? #AHCA makes them more vulnerable. Can you acknowledge that?
Does Trumpcare do this?The CBO says MILLIONS lose healthcare. Any replacement MUST mandate coverage of preexisting conditions! #Trumpcare
How about single pay, universal health insurance.  The basis is already there; it's call Medicare.  Medicare for all!
The bill you're trying to jam thru the Senate is not it. StAnd for country, not party.
Why not change health care to protect ALL in our society?  Vote no on AHCA.  #singlepayer  @OhioDistrict12
How can you support having Medicare cut with the opioid crisis we have in Ohio? Say no to this death bill.  Put Country 1st party 2nd.
@VoteEverhard, @R_CrosbyEsq  or @EdwardsForOhio could help you figure it out.
Stop injecting uncertainty into the market by undermining the ACA. Then don't repeal the ACA in order to give tax cuts to the ultra wealthy
That would be #MedicareForAll
I so want to believe this but evidence (your big $ donors) suggests otherwise.
Then why are you supporting AHCA?? Have hearings and don't just take it to a Senate vote. Over 100 hearing were held for the ACA...
Don't be a coward and vote party over country. If you care about the opioid crisis as much as you say you won't vote for this backroom deal
A haircut for doctors, hospitals, and pharma is needed.
Insurance companies aren't the problem.  They are largely pass through with typical corp. profit.
If you're making a couple hundred thousand / yr. you don't feel it.  Cost is killing the middle class....You biggest base
Medicare for all
Costs are issue.  Even if you have insurance through work the cost gets passed down through the cost of goods and services.
They are pulling out because of the uncertainty in the market caused by the republican congress and the president.
