Is it finally politically convenient for you to take a stand against Trump? You couldn't have done it when he bragged about sexual assault?

Wow. This is the first thing you've said about it.  Finally realizing that your voters aren't happy?
Make sure you keep supporting Mueller's special counsel investigation.  Stopping it now will imply you are covering up a crime.
Then WHY didn't YOU support one?
Thanks for supporting this inquiry. I wish you'd voiced concern months ago, but still grateful to have your support now. Keep pushing.
He said this in May. What is he saying now?

What will you say or do if trump moves to fire Mueller, sir? @AP @Morning_Joe @politico
Glad we finally agree on something.
Take a stand Sen Portman, pass a bill so this corrupt, immoral, and demented president cannot fire Mueller. #MuellerInvestigation
Lol, he didn't support trump. He didn't vote for trump. He is focusing on real issues and being attacked. 'Merica!
Until Trump fires Mueller, then you'll be back on SESTA overdrive again. 
You're worthless as my senator.
You are a hypocrite! You are supporting Trump agenda and screwing over Ohioans.
HALLELUJAH!   IT'S PAST TIME!  

2018 AND 2020 .... REPUBLICANS OUT!  DEMOCRATS IN!
Actions, not words.
Thank you sir.
So I guess you quit hunting long enough to finally have a reality check. How politically convenient. P.S. You're not fooling anyone.
Thank you for standing up for democracy.
And btw that so-called tax cut bill is bad for Ohioans. Vote NO.
Glad to see that you're putting country ahead of a corrupt president & most importantly listening to your constituents and doing what they elected you to do! #LetMuellerInvestigate
@FoxNews Is changing their tune now that Mueller is doing the honest hard work. This is what they said when they thought he'd play ball
Want to see you backing up President Trump, along with the rest of the Congress.
Why would he pledge unconditional loyalty to a person, rather than demand facts and evidence of the truth?
We have been asking for this for months. You need to meet with your constituents...a townhall to hear our concerns is needed.
Where were u during IRS, gun running to Mexico, Benghazi, pallets of cash flown to Iran during the night?  Rep have no balls.
Is it time to salvage what's left of your party yet? #MuellerMonday
Thanks democracy is under attack by @POTUS
Trump has admitted to obstructing justice which is an impeachable offense. Why have you helped prevent this investigation? DO YOUR JOB
this is a good start, but it is not enough. We need a special prosecutor appointed under a new independent counsel law!
From you.  To little-to late
Thank you senator for putting democracy above party. We are all worried and watching #OH12 #Indivisible
Yes and while we're at it why don't we look into the Clinton's relationship with Russia in selling  20% of our uranium to them! MAGA!!
it took u long enough to make a statement
Everybody don't put a cape on him yet! He still hasn't even said DT name with involvement to anything illegal.  It's like he is scared to.
Thank you for supporting the special councel. It means a lot to have an independent investigator on this issue.
obstruct justice.
OMG! U finally said something that involved DT! Now gain a little more courage and actually say his name with involvement with trying to
This is bad for America. I am ashamed of you
Where are you when bill and Loretta were making deals.  No special investigation. We voted you in. You need to be loyal to us.
Not there is nothing to investigate. Where were you when Clinton and Loretta were breaking the law. Get behind your president
Yes he is but your response is too little and too late #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
I don't always agree with your politics, but thank you for supporting this investigation! Late's better than never.
Whoa, that's strong (not). So NOW you weigh in on this... After hiding in the bushes for the past few months...
Glad to hear you agree w/ special counsel appt.  I would've liked you to call for it BEFORE it was a done deal.  More LEADERSHIP, please.
Now that a special prosecutor is named you change your tune. You're as terrible as the rest! Sorry I voted for you! NEVER again!
You are days late and a dollar short...#2022UROUT!!! We will not for get. #NOBACKBONE
A little late...a little tepid...when will you get ahead of the curve re: how abysmal is Trump?
That's my Senator! From what I hear Mueller seems like the right man and I'm glad he was appointed. Would a commission be better?
Hopefully you will start focusing on tax reform now!
Your being played.  This is why we get frustrated with Repubs- no fight .  Roll over every time.  :(
Now you decide to "speak up" ? Weak, Rob. Very, very weak.
No thanks to you Portman.
It's a shame that it took you & your party so long to grasp the seriousness of the situation & the public's growing disquiet on the issue.
Finally, he speaks.
yes he is
Welcome to the party, lapdog. Glad you could make it. Now start standing up for what's right.
Why are you just now saying this- we the people have been asking you to stand up for months and you adamantly refused to represent us!
The issue of children making multiple accusations about sexual abuse by father & system punishing mother for fighting needs same attention
This is happening in Seneca County Ohio or Tiffin Ohio.  Failing the children is failing our Future
Thank you but aren't U a little late 2 the party? At least U could be useful and bring some ice cream---this time Trump only gets one scoop!
Thank you!
In the midst of crisis, you tweet one lame statement sloughing off all responsibility onto Mueller.
We need patriots, not timid politicians.
About time you put us first
Thank you for acknowledging this. Man- took long enough. Now don't be a sheep to your party. Do your job to your country
And possible ties to Trump campaign. Glad you're on board.
As well as administration's links to Russia. Every day we learn more to suggest they are in league with Putin and you are protecting them
Better late than never. Now, please speak for your constituents and support an #IndependentCommission!!!
Gosh, I must have missed the part where you called for an independent investigation.
omg, he needs an "I'm with stupid" shirt
Way to jump on the bandwagon after the hard work was done.
Just as long as you remember you work for us, not Trump. He will be impeached and tried for treason.
You mean the guy that was selected by an appointee of the very President he's investigating? Convienent #latetotheparty #finallyyouagree
I do believe he has integrity. Just weary as he reports to the AG office and they are in @realDonaldTrump pocket. #noconvincingthatsnottrue
now that he is there, protect him from presidential firing. Fund the investigation.
@senrobportman, what about POTUS's meddling in FBI's investigation of Russian meddling? You should have something to say about that, right?
Finally crossed the line?  What happened to deference?
You're an embarrassment to Ohio. We will not forget that it took you this long to stand up to this ridiculousness.
Slow clap.... took you long enough
#complicit #complicitgop
Kind of late to jump on to the band wagon when no statement was made all these days!
For once we agree
Too little, too late. Too often the case with U. So safe & self protective. Ass covering politics don't fly with YOUR COWBOY POTUS.
Where have you been?  Bandwagon Portman. We will remember !
OMG Senator Portman must have found his backbone while in Terrace Park.  Too little to o late.  You are a complete disgrace.
I appreciate your opioid agenda but this isn't normal. There are big picture issues at stake. Look forward to higher level statements.
Thank you Senator Portman for supporting this appointment.
The longer you avoid what is happening the worse it will be. Please help us air what may be going on.
There is more to investigate here than just the election. Please speak up for us!
You need to go find your balls and the Constitution and stand up against what's going on in this administration. You represent ALL Ohioans.
Thank you for finally saying *something*
This happened no thanks at all to you, Senator. Sad.
I didn't have a Russian to tell me to vote. I did it on my own!'n
Wow!  Now you speak up!
This is so lame and weak. You are a day late and a dollar short buddy. NEXT
Finally!
You could have shown strong leadership and asked for this special counsel earlier.  A little late to the party senator.
Wow that took a long time. Pretty weak statement, but at least you're not avoiding it.
So, that investigation going to cover the millions received by Clintons' from Russia and Podestas' paid lobbying on Russia's behalf?
I only wish you were calling for impeachment. I can't wait to hear the tape of Ryan talking to GOP like a Godfather. GOP is looking bad.
Comey was well qualified & close to exposing the truth, yet you ignored. You have been complacent in treason. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
uranium deal?clinton foundation quid pro quo? He is qualified for that too.
Get on board, @senrobportman; #constituents have been asking for this for months. Now you are paying attention, how about a #TownHall?
Cowardly timing.
Meddling,collusion, money laundering, psychological warfare, payoffs, obstruction of justice and possible acts of treason.
I'm happy someone finally had the integrity to go there. Dep AG may just have saved his reputation...can't say the same for others in DC.
Sure he is good now ! Just wait to you hear what @TheDemocrats will call him if he doesn't find what they are looking for!  @GOP
Hopefully he doesn't start w/preconceived ideas. It's still not 100% certain that the Russians started it by hacking DNC. Start at beginning
Agree. A good man!
About time you commented on this!
You wait until after the appointment to say anything? You are more of a coward than I thought you were.
Way to put your finger in the air to check which way the wind was blowing before you committed.  You think we don't see this?
A positive move for our shared nation.  Yet other issues are pending.  Will you hear our voice?  Will you hold a Town Hall?  Request no. 11
now you decide to comment on this issue is it because you knew all along this should happen but didn't want to look like 1 of the bad guys
He speaks!
Come talk to us about it face 2 face in a #TownHall & for my OH tax $ the tele ones don't count Senator.
Coward. That's what I'll think of you until you tell me how you were proactive in this as we requested.
I hope this goes back to Hillary's basement server and possible Russian hacking or involvement
HAHAHA! Look who finally found his weak ass voice on this topic. Too little too late Portman. You've already played your hand
Finally you recognize the reality our country faces. I'd not count on you to quickly respond to your neighbor in nedd
I hope you also support his examination of Flynn, Manafort, the President's interactions with James Comey, ...
Way to take a stand. You wait until the president fires Comey for investigating Russia, gives them intel and lies about it. #impeachment
You seem VERY concerned...now back to tweeting about opiates and cops!
Exactly!! Finally get to the bottom of this so we can move on! This chaos is exhausting!
Your silence up to now doesn't fair well with us here in your state
It, by definition, cannot be fully reviewed by the FBI. Congress has to establish an independent commission as well.
Trying to jump on the bandwagon now? Where was your voice last week?
Pretending you supported the appointment is pure hypocrisy by you. Try LEADING Republicans with action not empty words. #impeachTrumpnow
Why the statement AFTER the announcement? Did you steal @RepMikeTurner's playbook or did he steal yours?
Congress must do the job elected to do and impanel an independent commission now.
Really first words out of your mouth about #TrumpRussia  why? Republicans hand was forced and the electorate will know and remember.
Finally! A little late.
Rob did someone steal your phone? Can't we hear more about #CARA?!?
Thank you, Senator Portman.
holy shit somebody hacked your account
why didn't you think of that????
too little, too late @senrobportman
Easy for you to say now.   And.  Town hall?
Wow!  You finally admit something is happening!   How about the Paul Ryan tape?
Rob, favorite my tweet if someone's taken you against your will and forced you to tweet about something that isn't fair trade or opioids.
More gotcha demands from libs. They're called likes now.
Gotcha demands? Get that 4chan?
Stop it! Too late to act like you care, 45 is a danger to democracy. USA has always been grt get 45 out and we will cont to be.
You're just *now* saying this???
From a voting Republican in the state of OH, stop with the Russia crap before we wonder what ties YOU have to Putin. #weakGOP #draintheswamp
atta boy Rob ...........
NOW you respond. Where were you when we were asking for u to push for this??
Qualified, sure. Equipped? Maybe not. We need an independent investigator.
I have full faith that the current FBI can do the job. Comey had to go.
Russian meddling, collusion, obstruction of justice, abuse of power, treason, & conflicts of interest. Thanks for finally taking an interest
oh gee...found your voice on this subject now that it doesn't require political courage to speak up.  very disappointed in you.  #dobetter
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.101 @JoeSchiavoni
So pleased to see you post on this!  As a constituent I've wondered when you would speak up on this crucial topic. Russia out of our WH!
Finally.
Welcome to the party Rob. You're a few months late and didn't bring any beer. Go back and get some beer. And chips.
This right here
Would have had more respect for you if you had said this PRIOR to appointment. But I guess u think safe to take head out of sand. Cowardly
As long as he is allowed to do his job without White House threats then America will stand at attention and watch
And you supported Trump for president.
Some of the pressure is off now, so he can tweet abt it. 
Great-now can you guys get busy with tax reform and healthcare, you know things that actually matter to us(this isn't on you specifically)
Thank you for showing some backbone.
There was no interference.Everyone in #Ohio who uses Net knows me. H is creating chaos to get back at me personally for her loss & Trump win
Im not sure what this is suppose to mean.
What, did @GOPLeader not fill you in last summer? #LeftOut #TrumpRussia #
Thank you for taking a stand.
Thank you for stepping outside your party and supporting this push to protect human lives.
Too little too late #SelloutRob.  We begged you to get on the right side of this. The bandwagon is full. You can walk.
Preach it!
Have you been calling for a special counsel to be appointed?
OMG you are actually paying attention to the biggest problem now. Keep it up.
