not one person in your feeds support your vote.
You hear that Rob? Trigger man here supports your decision.

actually we'll see. Remember 2018 isn't that far away.
What is your position on bear attacks?
why are you happy that they're allowing schools in guns? That means next time you try and shoot it
yet GOP uses school shooting as a case to allow guns in schools.
the revolution. No blacks there only whites
.@senrobportman Your constituents have overwhelmingly shown you why she is a trainwreck of a choice. You were bought. We will not forget.
.@stostatus @senrobportman Where is your evidence of this being partisan? PS no fake news like Breitbart pls.
She couldn't answer SIMPLE questions! Stop teeeting and take your constituents calls! You represent US not DeVos.
dude the election was on November. No wonder you support DeVos
I see that you are choosing to side against the wishes of constituents. You oppose us, we will oppose you in next term.
shame on you! You voted for her because she contributed to your campaign!
On Nov 6, 2018, you will no longer represent me. You don't now! #midtermejection
Hey @senrobportman, tell us more about what a wonderfully qualified person she is, in $51,000 or less.  You're pathetic and weak.
You knew she was not qualified. You could have made a real difference for all American kids. Swamp Swimmer
You did NOT listen to your constituents & instead sold our children out.
of course you agreed, she paid you to. You thief. I can't wait when you come up for reelection.
childrens' futures are not a partisan issue. you sicken me.
$51000 is a lot of money. Not enough 2 say...ruin my child's education but it's still a lot. Maybe it's enough 2 buy a spine.
Do you agree with her that guns are necessary to kill bears in school. Can't believe I used to respect you.
how much did the DeVos family donate to your campaign?

you will agree with anyone when they hand you $51k I suppose. thanks for selling out children's futures.
just proved to the state that he doesn't represent us.
and your vote only cost the Devos family $51,000
she is not qualified!!!!
everything she does to harm Ohio students, we will ask you about.
we all agree that you don't feel beholden to the people if Ohio, but rather the almighty dollar.
I will do all I can to get out the vote and vote you out. DeVos = pay to play. You should be ashamed
Who wouldnt agree with that? But when fed $ starts going to more charters, will they be held to same rules as public schools?
well that's up to the state now, isn't it? Feds don't care.
it's nice to know that you had a price
do you also agree on defunding our schools #sellout
you just spit out n the face of Ohio children, of America children! Shame on the you! Monster
Ohio is the laughingstock of the country. Our charter schools are a mess and you just made it worse!
Too bad you don't listen to your constituents, Rob. We won't forget.
You can be recalled. We're working on that petition to take the next step on getting you out ASAP! You failed our children.
was it worth it? $51k to hurt our children? How could you????
Lots of people want lower tuition who would have been better qualified than #DeVos. Both of you should be fired. #sellout
Keep digging that hole deeper, sir. The more you support her, the more you alienate your constituents. #DumpPortman2022
I may return to Ohio just to vote him out
you're a joke. You know the families in Ohio cannot afford this system! You screwed the children of Ohio.
way to go! Way to sell our children out!
I hope @senrobportman realizes he just cost himself the next election, spineless coward that he is.
hope remember everyone who said yes
the poorest individuals will suffer further just trying to get an education. You went against your constituents for profits
your constituents agree that we expected you, our representative, to listen and represent us, not sell our kids out.
you betrayed OH. Ohio will remember
enjoy your last years as a Senator from Ohio, bribe taker.
you sold the education of children when you supported @BetsyDeVos
You SOLD America's children to DeVos  https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=hm-f3jab87U&u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DM4CVZnGJIzQ%26feature%3Dshare …
You ignored your constituents and voted for DeVos despite an overwhelming outcry from Ohioans. We will not forget.
you agree with anyone that gives you $51,000, be truthful
I'm actually embarrassed I voted for you. You are not listening to your constituents. Do some soul searching , Senator.
so sad, your lack of integrity. You put party loyalty over your pledge to represent your constituents. Lost my vote.
very disappointed. Extremely unqaulified.  You did not stand up for public education.
shame on you for abandoning us to for profit education.  We will remember.
Senator Portman: Of the $$, by the $$, for the $$. #DumpPortman2018
@senrobportman
I will work hard to fund your opposition
- you let Ohioans down today.  I'm going to remember you in 6 years and will work hard to see that you don't get re-elected.
We get it. You want to justify your decision to betray OH kids. You sold us out for GOP and WH. You'll be voted out in 2022.
You traded money for services. There is a name for that.
Guess we know why you think so highly of her. $51,000
tou are a sell out to billionaires- you are the worst representative this state has ever seen
stop trying to sell us on her...didn't work before...won't work now.
You lost me here: "I agree with DeVos". Anyone that trusts the word of a DeVos re: education doesn't speak for me! #resist

#SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor
Do you take Paypal?
After her, what will be left?
Your opinion for $51K
Betsy's "qualifications"  who do you work for??  #portmanout2022 #shameonyou #sellout
Who told her to say that? Did someone explain what CareerTechEd is to her? She didn't know at her confirmation hearing
#sellout you suck
you had a chance to stand up and you chose to roll over. Start updating your resume
for $51,000, what wouldn't you agree to?
Sadly...You have no integrity and did not recuse yourself from voting for your donor. #YouOwnDeVos
the people of Ohio would like an explanation as to why donations to your campaign are worth more than our voices
Sellout.
You need to spend more time listening to your constituents. What a disservice you have done to all children. #VoteThemOut
thank god you're white, privileged & privately educated otherwise you'd actually have to care what your constituents think
you sold out my children and my friends children ....shame ...shame....shame ...shame ..
you are a sell out ....embarrassing will never vote for u again !!
Shame on you. You sold us out. We won't forget.
COWARD!
you are paid to agree. Puppet.
Yes, important areas, but are far outshadowed by Devos' inept and incongruous responses to real questions. #51K #resist #fb
you just told every child and teacher that money is more important than they are.
NO SHIT WE SHOULD LOWER TUITION. We could eliminate it, but ya'll want a fucking wall instead of education for the kids
You support Career Tech Jobs yet you and your corporate pals look to export similar jobs overseas?
I voted for you. Did  not think you could be bought. Boy! was I wrong. Won't happen again.
So logically we'll cut public funding in exchange for "vouchers" which end up funneling tax money into the wallets of
investors of private schools... You don't give a shit about the children, you care about the money
it's a shame you don't believe she needed to be qualified for the job. #sellout.
you sold out our children!!! Must be nice that yours are already grown.
STAND UP FOR THE PEOPLE. Oh wait, you sat down today when you should've shouted louder. #onetermanddone
CANT HEAR YOU OVER ALL THAT MONEY SHE GAVE YOU
blatant sellout!Ridiculous choice for Ed that will harm public education children with special needs
SHAME ON YOU.
Shame on you for not listening to your constituents.  Money clearly talks. #corrupt #PaytoPlay
hates OHIO.
Ignores OHIO law.
#BetsyDevos-our new Ed Sec has a $5.3M fine SHE STILL OWES-for breaking election laws in OH

#dworkinreport #resist #devos #stopdevos #trump 
LEARN TO DO YOUR JOB!!! You work FOR the people. You have failed your constituents
SHAME ON YOU! Putting party over country!
You are a pathetic representative of the Buckeye state. Children will suffer under DeVos, and you know it. Shameful.
If she gets her way, that will be the only option for poor students instead of higher ed. Unfair and classist.
You let your constituents down by voting for Devos. We won't forget come 2018. You represent US not your own gains.
List of things I'd vote for before voting for you: 
1. a rock
2. a boiled potato 
3. my textbook 
4. Literally anyone but you
"I believe that presidents deserve considerable deference as they put together their team" 
---She bought this job!
yes it's important, but so is PUBLIC EDUCATION!! Don't let down 98% of our kids by taking public education away.  #noDevos
Did your staff keep a record of the thousands of calls, emails, mail, faxes, in person pleas by constituents to #StopDeVos ?
"...DeVos has made clear she will enforce the IDEA..." ((now that someone explained it to her)) :/  Sad, Rob, just sad.
you believe in the $50k she donated to your campaign. You are a disgrace-way to sell out our kids. Shameful.
she paid you $51,000 for her vote so I'm not surprised you agree with her!

I always voted for you until now...you didnt listen.
#YoureFired
agree all you want - your constituents won't forget how you ignored their voice and represented only your party's interests.
of course you do - you'll believe whatever she tells you. you got your $$$. #pathetic
but your constituents do not agree and it's your job to represent US. You would know this if you answered your phone.
what the he'll does she know about public education? You failed our kids today.
So glad @senrobportman decided to see a sex-trafficking movie instead of debating the future of education for our nation's kids. #BetsyDeVos

I hoped you would not be a coward and vote AGANIST Devos. I was wrong,  but you are just another trump ass kisser Just RESIGN
I will support anyone that runs against you in the next election. You DO NOT represent the people of Ohio. Sellout.

Shame on you! Vote does not represent majority of constituents. Pathetic

You voted for money over the education and future of our children. I hope you are held accountable for this. Shameful.
what a useless person you are. Hope you get voted out soon
unfortunately  it's 6 years
stats the man that drank the cool aid.  Grow a damn spine.  I'm embarrassed you represent me.
SUCK OLD MAN BALLS FOREVER, DICKBAG
you bent to campaign contributions. DeVos is completely unqualified and you and everyone else knows that. #Disgusted
EXACTLY. SO ASHAMED OF YOU PORTMAN.
pay to play?!
couldn't get you to mention DeVos all last week.  Let's have a town hall, if Mitch says it alright.
Shame on you, Senator. Our children are worth more than $51K.
how much influence did the $51,000 Betsy gave you influence your agreement with her? I'll remember the next time I vote.
Why are you screwing us over?
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown for voting for our kids- we will remember! Don't worry Portman we will remember you too.
I wish I could say I was surprised as well as disappointed.
I'm appalled that you voted yes and will be do EVERYTHING in my power to make sure you aren't re-elected!!! #youworkforme
i'm super disappointed in your vote for Betsy DeVos. You know in your heart she is unqualified. Lost my vote
It's pretty clear that you care more about your party than our kids, our state and our country.
spineless. Clearly we see who your boss is, and it's not Ohioans. Maybe she'll give you a job, because you're done in Ohio.
Do you even respond to any of your constituents calls, tweets, or emails? Or are you an ostrich?
means to say he's thankful to #BetsyDeVos for that $51,000 she paid him

lot of Ohio students you just sold out who will be old enough to vote against you in 2022
you sold education out!
and really 51,000?  That's it?  Not only are you a #sellout you are a relatively #cheapsellout.
Enjoy your term. It's going to be your last one.
And who is lined up to get rich? Making education a kleptocracy. Thank you so much.
Thank you for selling out our children for only  $51,000, what a bargain for DeVos
#sellout. This is nonsensical - It's like saying, "I like rainbows". You have no concrete rational to offer #$51,000
I am so disappointed in you.
bye bye bye.
lost my vote sir....
Just resign now.
i’m an independent who gave you my vote in the last election, but your support of betsy devos just lost it.
You sold out Ohio's public schools for $51,000 and we will not forget.
Your were bought and paid for
we know this was straight up Pay4Play. You think she cares about my disabled child?She didn't even know fed. law..ShameOnU
I may not have $51,000 to spend against you, but I will give what I can. You are a disgrace! Most unqualified sec.of ed ever
SELL OUT! Not my senator and I will do everything in my power to get you out of the Senate! 51,000 gets your vote I guess
I could do a better job than you in my sleep
2023 is a long way away. Enjoy. I'm coming for your job! If DeVoucher doesn't need experience than neither do I
In 2020, Portman's up for re-electiion, but Sen. Sherrod Brown's up in 2018 for 6 yrs.--help him campaign!
you are wrong. I think deep down you know it.
You displayed that you will not vote your conscious or for what is right for Ohioans. #Wewillnotforget
just lost so many conservative votes. Why did you not do what your Ohio constituents have overwhelmingly asked you to do?!
That's why you voted for an unqualified person who owes #Ohio $5+M? She supports #CareerTechEd? A parrot could say that, @senrobportman
.  Bought and paid.  your children or grandchildren in private schools?
bye bye next election.
maybe I can forego continuing education so I can afford to buy your vote next time...
You sold out our children and cannot justify voting for someone with ZERO qualification. You will hear us again in our vote
I agree @SenSherrodBrown has more morality than you and it is a priority we get you out of office. No more bribes for votes!
I stand with Senator Sherrod Brown.
You agree that she bought your vote.
Public schools will suffer. You seem to only care about those with money.
last term as Senator.
just stop with the #alternativefacts. You put party interests ahead of your constituents & ahead of the kids.
what did you buy with the 51,000?
Ohio will remember
@BetsyDeVos paid you to play. You will be held accountable for her failures.
No representation
ashamed that you are my senator. Vote for your people and not for your donations. #dumpportman
Yeah, since public education will be gutted, vocational schools will be important for kids who can’t afford private school
