Really. New bill raises deductibles, slashes Medicaid, cuts folks off coverage and gives more $ to the rich.
I've decided to start calling the abhorrent AHCA. It has nothing to do with the health of Americans. Nothing. So...here you go...
My future references to the AHCA will be...
The ACA...The AmericanCullingAct...created by @GOP and endorsed by @realDonaldTrump @POTUS...
Are you proud to be eliminating substance abuse treatment as an essential health benefit?
$382,000?
You will receive $382,000 when you take healthcare away from 23 million Americans!!!
If you are behind this honorable cause than you cant justify anything other than a  NO  vote on AHCA
The state of OH is interested in affordable healthcare that doesn't deny or penalize women, retirees, elderly, vets & children. #TrumpCare
If you vote for this healthcare bill, you will lose my support/vote forever. And I will actively campaign for your against you. Hard. 
No you're not, you're just another one of the #complicitconservatives helping to ruin your state & this country.
What a shameful existence.
Don't pretend to be concern about the opioid epidemic and still vote for the Senate Trump care
How about the federal resources that come in the form of Medicaid expansion? Stand up and do what is right for the people of Ohio Senator!
So you agree to vote no on the bad #secretbill ? Let's be real, fix the ACA don't rip it up
If rumors about the Senate bill are true, & u vote yes,you have lied about  protecting  Ohioans &Medicaid. Vote No on this bill
If you want to fight opioid epidemic then you cannot support #AHCA & its proposed cuts to Medicare. #ProtectOurCare
Why are you screwing over the nation's poor, the elderly, and children with the health care bill?
Portman mindset: I'm gonna continue to stonewall your questions abt & push for shitty AHCA. I have 6 yrs left-what're you gonna do about it?
You're always talking about opioids, how are they going to get treatment Senator with #TrumpCare. I'm 70, it's food & shelter or Healthcare.
Well Faye, I would like to introduce you to mr. Portman's retirement plans for you: The streets.
Except you're part of group drafting a bill in secret that will strip funds away from programs that help ppl who suffer from addiction.
Make sure this baby has health care.  Good health care.   Affordable health insurance
BUT don't go to hospital in the throes of a seizure or anything, because Portman will vote for you not to have affordable ins.  HYPOCRITE
What are you doing to ensure that addicts have access to healthcare?
Please staff your offices to answer our phone calls. This pediatrician urges you to vote no on the Senate healthcare bill! #keepkidscovered
If you vote yes on this horrific healthcare bill it will take away our states ability to care for those with opioid addictions. Hypocrite!
Are those the same funds that come directly from the debt because you provided no revenue for #CARA?
Latest word is that your evil healthcare plan will decimate addiction treatment.  But I guess it's too much to ask you to inform Ohians
Praying your vote on TrumpSCARE is not a repeat of the early 60’s Stanley Milgram experiment where they don’t look & quickly throw switch NO
Trumpcare will boomerang on not only people in need of care, it will boomerang on those providing the care.  It's fiscal irresponsibility.
Stand strong for opioid addiction funding!  Mitch McConnell has no concern for US health, just concern for winning one for the POTUS.
Stop using the very serious opioid issue to obfuscate, hide, distract from discussions of the ACA & AHCA
Hear us!
Represent us!
Consider us!
But affordable healthcare for all...those folks are on their own, right Rob???  Vote NO on Trumpcare!!!!!  Think people over party!
Please do not vote to support #Trumpcare w/o allowing ample time for analysis & public comment. #13WhiteMen should not control healthcare
#trumpsPuppet #McConnellPuppet Hidin in a BASEMENT  ready 2day 2 F*UCK #OHIO U will Hve Blood on your killing kids Parents Wth #DEATHCARE
Such a LIAR Some1 Whose been HIDING in a BASEMENT Ready to F*UCK #Ohio 2day U work 4 th PPL Word is U suck MCCONNELL OFF & will FALL IN LINE
Again, a vote for the healthcare bill is a slap in their face and the face of all Ohioans.  Do the right thing!
But willing to cut healthcare to addicts seeking help, babies born to addicts, etc.... Quit trying to sit the fence and take a moral stand
Portman strategy: tweet about everything OTHER than AHCA. Maybe they'll be stupid enough to think I give a shit about them.....
Y don't u tweet abt your thoughts on this senate bill? How will u vote??
Resources that are available due to the Affordable Care Act. Hypocrisy if you support ACHA
You promised that this new healthcare bill would lower premiums!  It doesn't.  Vote NO!!!
I honestly don't know how you sleep at night, much less toss out feeling proud. You know these people will actually be hung out to dry.
The #AHCA guts funding for communities in need like #Youngstown why are you hiding the bill? #ShowUsTheBill
Show us the bill Portman
Please vote No! Don't kill our people. OK EVERYONE deserves Healthcare! 
Show us the bill @senrobportman. If it helps us as much as you say then what is there to hide?
"and I failed to mention how slashing Medicaid would make the opioid problem worse!"
What's in the healthcare bill? Also, do you tell your barber "Give me the Sam Donaldson 1988 special?"
Do those resources include funding to Medicare? Otherwise, you're all talk if you vote for #AHCA. #SayWhatYouMean #VoteWhatYouSay
Heath care? AHCA?  In secret. Won't vote for u again
Will addiction care be part of your secret bill? Will addiction be considered a pre existing condition? Will addicts have access to care ?

You can't have it both ways , the #ahca destroys the work you are doing to combat drug abuse in #ohio
But he gets $382,000!!!
You must vote no to have any credibility to this issue. Show you're serious and vote no on this secret bill.
He won't! He has been paid $382,000 to vote for #ACHA!
You will give this state pennies while secretly stealing billions from us to hand over to the rich in the name of health care reform.
Remember, Rob is rich too
Then vote no on #AHCA
He received $382,000 to vote for #ACHA!
