IF YOU WANT TO HELP OHIO BATTLE THIS OPIOID CRISIS YOU MUST VOTE NO TODAY!
What more perplexing is that Congress wants to take tax $$ from responsible, hard working citizens & give to irresponsible drug addicts!
Yet you voted today to begin the process to strip them of medical care. #shame #KillTheBill
you sold us out, for health care, I'll remember that when I vote again
Then fix the ACA.
Grew up in Bellaire. Fam still there. Some have big drug probs. Yet you're voting MTP to take insurance & guaranteed help.


Never blab About opioid addiction again.  They need Medicaid
Opportunistic tool.
If you really gave a damn about opioid crisis you would never have voted against ACA. You are not an honorable man
Stop pretending like you care.   It is offensive.   Health care for everyone should be a human right.   You don't care.

Don't take it then.
You're a shameful, heartless, soulless person. You sicken and sadden me.
Just stop! You have no right to tweet about this anymore after your 'yes' vote.  Resign!  You are heartless!
But you voted yes to destroy Obacare which actually helps people suffering from addiction, you partisan hack.
Coward
The loss of healthcare and Medicare affects us all too. Premiums will be higher, emergency rooms busier, Americans sicker. Please vote NO!
Instead of reposting this story it would have been easier if you'd just said you don't give a shit about health for anyone except yourself.
Then vote no!
630,000 Ohioans likely to lose coverage economic hardship and lost loved ones depression  drug use
I am ashamed of the vote that my Senator took today-proceeding on a bill that nobody seems to have seen or read. Serve the people not party!
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.659
Do you know what cares for opioid addicted people? Medicaid. Every GOP healthcare plan wants to cut it. So clearly it's not affecting you.
Then why are you voting to gut funding?
Surprisingly - not as many as healthcare affects.
I know a teenage girl who was dumped in a friends driveway dead. Was to go to Rehab on the following Mon. Occurred in a wealthy Milw suburb
My healthcare depends on senators like you, Mr. Portman. Put your people before politics. #FixACA #Save32Mil #HealthcareMatters
My healthcare depends on senators like you, Mr. Portman. Put your people before politics. #FixACA #Save32Mil #HealthcareMatters
Too bad you voted to take away Medicaid for those addicted to opioids.  Your constituents will remember this vote.
Shame on you. #Cowards
If you really cared about this epidemic you wouldn't be supporting a bill that will destroy access to Medicaid.




So think of my daughter when u take away my healthcare because its virtually a death sentence for me!I can't afford the sobriety program
Vote NO!
Vote No on #Trumpcare. Only an idiot would vote for something without knowing what it actually is. Don't be an idiot, please.
The opioid crisis will only get worse unless you choose to save the ACA. Work across the aisle to strengthen it. Don't put millions at risk
You are MY senator! Vote no on the MTP. I know you can fix Obamacare but it will take time. This hasty proposal is worse than Obamacare.
Saturday you were out supporting 
'Ride for a cure" - now vote to let people be able to afford that care. Do the right thing. #VOTENO
While I think Portman should vote no, I also know he lacks the moral fiber to buck his party.
We are counting on you to vote NO today and we are watching.  We haven't forgotten that you ignored us on DeVos.  Don't ignore us now

If GOP votes to proceed to a bill w/ no text, no hearings, no CBO score, no clarity on Byrd rule, they deserve the fiasco they're inviting.
#KillTheBill
One of the many valid reasons to #VoteNoMTP today. Be an American hero today!
It effects me! I have severe spinal stenosis in my low back! I'm not a drug addict but I am dependent! Don't forget about legitimate users!
Do the right thing and vote NO!
GOP says they are too stupid to figure out SINGLE PAYER. 20 allies of USA figured it out. @SenateGOP  @SenateDems
Then SAVE THE ACA we need $$$ for rehab!! #Trumpcaredeathsquads
Which is a big part of why we need you to vote NO today.
VOTE "NO" ON #OBAMACARE REPEAL. Your constituents are counting on you!
Then vote NO today!!!!@
It Does! So #SaveOurCare
Please vote no on Trumpcare. It will make the epidemic worse. And it will lead to millions losing their insurance.
Vote #NoRepeal #Medicaid is needed to fund #Opioid epidemic cleanup
Until this moment, @SenateGOP I think I never really gauged your cruelty or recklessness.Have u no sense of decency? @senrobportman VOTE NO
Don't fall for the Trump opioid bribe.  This must be part of the health care bill.
Show some backbone sir! Vote no!
well then it makes no sense to GUT MEDICAID! VOTE NO NO NO NO NO !
I have a family member with a opioid problem but I don't expect everybody else to pay for it's OUR problem and WE will deal with it THANKS
If you're sincerely concerned about opiod addiction in Ohio, you will vote No on ACA repeal. Please show us you care.
Vote NO on the healthcare bill today.
So does that mean we can count on your NO vote today, Senator?
So vote NO on this horrible hc bill!
I'll take that as a no vote on the healthcare bill.
Great! Important work. You know what else is important? Protecting Medicaid. NOT ONE DOLLAR in cuts, Senator. We will remember.
ACA repeal affects all of us too. Your v-mail box is full and now your lines are busy. You can not support a MTP without vetting new bill.
Does Putin have a pee-pee tape on you? Why else would you not be trying to strengthen ACA "if" you care about opioid crisis? NO on MTP.
One of many reasons we need comprehensive health care coverage, including mental and behavioral health issues.  Protect Medicaid and the ACA
Addiction is a problem. Not having adequate h-care for all is a bigger problem.
If you care about people as you say or if you're pro-life as you say then VOTE NO today. Stop the spamming as a diversion. State your stance
THEN #VoteNO today on MTP! every bill so far is cruel & leaves MILLIONS w/o coverage #SaveOurCare
Ohio will thank you when you vote NO today. Otherwise you'll own it. PortmanCare is what you'll be stuck with at the next election.
@tedcruz @JohnCornyn @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump #Opioid research is not what I worked all my life to contribute to #Medicaid
America could lose more than a million jobs if the Senate votes to repeal the Affordable Care Act on Tuesday
So does Obamacare...in a bad way...
Then vote No on taking away Medicaid.
Do you know the details of the bill you are voting on today?  That's a Yes or no question....seems a lot of your peers don't know.  Sad
The eyes of millions of people are on you. Today you will define Who you are as a public servant and a man
Why we need ACA! Vote no on repeal! Replacement will take away $. Pool $s only force  decision between nursing homes & rehab, not both
Vote NO on today's #healthcare bill.  It really says something when 7000 #Catholic nuns feel compelled to speak out on it. #ohio
I haven't seen #Catholic nuns or Priests that were a fan of ObamaCare

The abortion push in it is evough to bail on it
Every family affected by options crisis will be harmed if you vote for today's healthcare motion to proceed. EVERY family, Senator.
Then please vote no on this Trumpcare disaster
Please fight for my hard working husband and our 6 beautiful children. Keep equal affordable access to healthcare insurance of quality
Stop!  address the health care bill already.   That affects all of us, too.   VOTE NO!
It worked for this Disabled Vet, Blast to the face, Chronic Pain, PTSD, sleep, 13 pills a day, Alcohol, Tobacco, I take non of them anymore.
And there are thousand of veterans just like me with same same story, Cannabis Saved our lives
Many things affect all of us, you seem to be hiding behind a crisis that was started by your donors. Let's talk healthcare now!
Then protect Medicaid and pre-existing conditions. Fix don't repeal ACA. Vote No.
What effect has Medicaid had on the opioid epidemic?
So therefore, vote NO on this healthcare bill!!! #saveohiocitizens
If you vote for the healthcare assault on cancer patients and poor people you will not want to read the editorials it will spawn.
Vote no on this terrible murderous bill. We know how much money u have made from Big Pharma. When is enough enough. Greed drives u. Vote NO
Fine vote no but please write into bill that our reps must also live with this monster of a bill. No exemption for you & your buddies!
Does this mean you will vote no on the health care bill today? Certainly you can't be talking about ending the opioid crisis w/o Medicaid.
Vote no today. Ohio needs healthcare, not some hidden policy that will strip away services. Also, have your Columbus office phone fixed.
So plz #VoteNo Solving complexity of health care (0pioid ad is part of that) can't be done by politics & amendments.
Please vote no on Trumpcare today!
As does health care that includes the least and doesn't reward the 1% w/tax breaks. Vote for Ohioans all of us not against us. Vote no today

Please remind those who don't understand, #BCRA denies access. Junk policies or unaffordable pre-ex pools = no access, no chemo, radiation. 
Another reason to vote No on the mystery Senate healthcare bill.
Weird. So does NOT HAVING HEALTH INSURANCE. Why aren't you tweeting about that?
My healthcare depends on senators like you, Mr. Portman. Put your people before politics. #FixACA #Save32Mil #HealthcareMatters
We need to stop allowing it to affect all of us!!
Vote NO on whatever healthcare vote is being brought up today! Sad we don't even know (nor does your office) that there is a vote!
If you care so much about opioid addicts please vote no on healthcare bill. #BRCA won't help them either.
Vote for appealing or replacing Obamacare!
And repealing Obamacare will only exacerbate an already tragic problem for Ohioans. So please vote "no" on today's motion to proceed.
Vote NO, Senator. #Trumpcare #TrumpcareKills #GOPcare #GOPcarekills
DO THE RIGHT THING, Sen. Portman - VOTE NO today! We r watching!  PEOPLE OVER PARTY!
VOTE NO on TrumpCare - FIX ACA for the better of ALL Americans!  You vote no.......you will GO in 2018!  We'll remember, Rob!
And cutting the ACA and Medicare/Medicaid will make it worse.
If it's not my problem if other people don't have health insurance it's not my problem if drug addicts die or ppl are trafficked.
Awful process. Awful bill. Today's the day you were elected for - to  ignore the KOCH/PAC $$ and STAND WITH US. It's pass or fail. VOTE NO!
So then work yo repair/redo ACA so people can ha e ability to get medial help.
and so does healthcare.  Vote no, sir.

We know you are very passionate about the opiod crises That passion leaves you no choice but to vote NO on any bill that takes away Medicaid
Get it, but voting yes on the #HealthCareVote is not going to fix it! #VoteNO
ANY form of the Senate healthcare bill including repeal only affects all of us. #VoteNO
Not if the addicted have no health insurance or Medicaid assistance. Support your constituents and your state, Rob. No. No. No.
Silence = Complicit = Guilt
No compassion. No character.
Senator - STOP with these tweets today - COMMIT to NO on the healthcare vote and be done today!!!!!!! No distractions!
I just got through to the DC office. Had to call 3x because the lines were busy. Keep pushing Buckeyes! Vote no.
And it will even more if addicts do not have access to affordable care and insurance. #ProtectOurCare #NoOnMTP #FixACA #SaveMedicaid
And gutting Medicare will make it worse. Vote no on MTP today
So you'll be voting no today, then. Thank you.
Yes it does.  So vote no on any repeal or repeal and replace bill which your party brings to the floor.
Get some balls and vote"NO" on the health car bill.  You can say goodbye to your government career.  You will not be voted back in.
Vote NO! @senrobportman !!!
keep the Affordable Care Act
Protect people caught in the opioid epidemic by voting no on the Senate healthcare bill. Don't take treatment away from people who need it!
I wish you'd answer your phone. I'd like a bipartisan responsible well crafted healthcare bill on the up and up not concealed mystery bill
So why #repeal the #Obamacare which supports majority of treatment in Ohio for recovery?
Physicians in southern ohio are still addicting people by giving opioid rx inappropriately
True. And I hope @senrobportman remembers today how much worse cutting Medicaid funding would make this.
"Opioid epidemic affects all of us." Editorial via @toledonews. Worth the read: http://www.toledoblade.com/Editorials/2017/07/24/Editorial-Opioid-epidemic-affects-all-of-us.html …
If you truly care about Ohio's opioid crisis, you must vote NO on any repeal of the ACA and cuts to Medicaid. 45066.
Agreed! #VoteNoMTP #VoteNoBCRA #VoteNoTrumpcare #SaveMedicaid #OH14 44021
How are you voting on the health bills that will take healthcare away from millions?
Senate healthcare vote today!  Please DO NOT approve legislation that leaves medicaid and preexisting conditions unprotected!
Are you going to put party over people with your vote today Senator??
So what are you going to do about it, Senator?  Are you going to put party over country and state, and allow this MTP to pass? Take a stand.
If you think the opioid epidemic is bad now, wait until 1.1 M Ohioans lose health insurance.  How many will fall into the addiction trap?
Then do not vote on #Trumpcare today. You cannot rationalize a yes vote in light of insurance & Medicaid lost to millions.
Yes vote no today on trumpnocare
No on Senate health care
.@senrobportman

Keep calling, Ohio!!!

http://portman.senate.gov/public/index.c …
Has "opioid epedemic" become shorthand for "Medicaid single payer"?
Grants are inconsistent and only fund so much. We need better coverage for this and all illnesses. Repealing the #ACA is not going to help.
How big will MULTIMILLIONAIRE @senrobportman's TAX CUT be when he STEALS healthcare from 1,122,000 Ohioans?

#KeepCalling
.@senrobportman wants to STEAL coverage from 200,000 Ohioans a year receiving AOD treatment through Medicaid expansion!!!

#KeepCalling
So let's give addicts healthcare so they can quit...
So voting no on #Trumpcare then?
Maybe don't cut Medicaid then?

THE WORLD IS WATCHING! YOU ARE FAILING YOUR CONSTITUENTS, @senrobportman !

@NOFAindivisible , @maddow…
