.@Indians @MLB So by 2019, if not sooner, get rid of the Chief Wahoo logo. I love the Tribe, but not the logo!
what's wrong with it?? How do you feel about the Washington redskins??
.@Jmac218 @Indians @MLB They're both racist symbols that should be removed from pro sports. I imagine you don't agree, but I don't care.
drunks, but I'm not complaining...
.@Jmac218 @Indians @MLB If an Irish person asked me to stop doing that, I wld. When Native ppl ask you to stop doing that you...? should.
how does is it apply to a cartoon mascot? Rolls eyes.. funny how there's bigger issues to worry about than this
.@Jmac218 @Indians @MLB How about you try being respectful to people different than yourself? Try it.
it's a cartoon character?!! Or you are just so "sensitive". You need to start worrying about BIGGER ISSUES.
you'll have more people there for an exhibition game then you will for about 5 regular season games combined. #bandwagonfans
why do you feel the need to troll on the @Indians page? Salty tigers fan? Idk..
it's not trolling when you're stating facts, they consistently have the worst attendance in the majors
that's going to change this year. Just worry about the tigers.. fair?
if you think it'll change this year, it's because they had a good year last year. That's the definition of bandwagon.
bandwagon fans! Probably the most die hard fans you will ever meet! You have to be from Cleveland to understand.
diehard fans show up to games regardless of how the team is playing.
if anything you should worry less about the fans, and more about how the tigers are going to beat the tribe 
Any word on when tickets will go on sale?
Not yet.
TRIBEN7.  In 17
Is it official you agreed to BENCH Wahoo to get the All-Star Game?
Very goods news!!
NO COMMENT.
I hope the Tribe didn't have to give up Chief Wahoo as a condition of getting this game
of course they did.The only condition.  Held it over their heads.Such a shame. Bye Chief
=@Indians Accepting first pitch applications ? #CleASG
I vote YES!
@PostinUp  @austin_wagner10
ITS ALL UP TO THE DECIDER IN CHIEF...
@reloaded_RB368
@Cut4 @MLB honestly worst stadium I've ever been too.. they can't even sell out home games during the season.

nobody wants to go to Cleveland...
It's true, unfortunately.
Speak for yourself boss, we're doin just fine
I'M SO PUMPED UP.... MAKHI WILL GET TO EXPERIENCE THE EXCITEMENT AT THE 216 #RALLYTOGETHER  
Super excited about this.
@michaelkdupin You in?
Sure!
@zhiser @the89badboys  we going to this or what?
obviously!
Yoooo
that's a terrible fuckin logo
There's nothing "progressive" about your team name! SHAME
AMERICA!!! FYI, none of us call that field Progressive. It's always THE JAKE!
Wow, that new warning track is really working out so far!! 
As long as we don't trade Chief Wahoo for the opportunity!
me after hearing this news!!!
you better keep Chief Wahoo
I can't wait to see the official logo.  And buy merchandise.  AND BUY TICKETS.

when do those tickets go on sale though
So happy to hear this. We have an amazing ballpark! Those renovations were definitely worth it!
but darn I thought it was THIS YEAR.  LOL
yesssss
yup Cleveland the rebounding city .. Clevelanders have know it's special all there lives
get Hammy on the mic, not Joe Suck
@Cut4 @MLB yea but you still blew a 3-1 series lead in the World Series @Cubs @CubsJoeMadd
YAY!!! WooHoo!!! Can't wait!!
what time is first pitch?
We know you'll hold it down.  #TeamOhio
yes. You got that event. But you sure are not hosting any parades! Throw a dog a bone!
should be at wrigley
TOM HAMILTON should get prime game calling for all this....#BanJoeBuck #TribeTown #ClevelandAgainstTheWorld
I agree but unfortunately it's going to be some clueless national hacks
when can I buy tickets and what time will the gates open?
Nice. Now host some 2017 World Series games to hold us over, amirite?
yeah it's about time have have the all-star game back in Cleveland!
YES
I volunteer to be a ball catcher in the outfield during home run derby.
soooo excited 
What time do the gates open?
tickets??
deserved!
#Awesome!! A great choice! #Clevelandrocks
 Please do something to stop gold tier from buying up all the presale in the future!
When do gates open?
EXACTLY!  I had a blast during All Star weekend waaaaaaaaaay back in '97...time really does fly.
And @RobManfred continues to stick it to Angelos and the Orioles. Show a little maturity Rob.
Wahoo?
I do wish that the league that wins still got home team advantage. That's what made the game count.
she'll be six years old by then. Perfect age to enjoy the ASG
a beautiful venue for the all-star game! Hopefully I can make it  #ADPR4300 #gotribe
the AL all stars are gonna blow a 3-1 lead to the NL all stars now 
should be in Baltimore. BAL is one of the best stadium experiences in NA.
When can you purchase tickets 

can I get tickets if I get a tribe question right
nice!!
SWEET
