What to kill them all? Insult them like a 5 year old?
Vote NO #GrahamCassidy and shame on you for supporting trump
I am glad to see you support more than your two main issues.
Uh... okay Robert. 
Rob is outraged Obama cut the deficit by a trillion dollars, had record job growth, & brought uninsured rate to record low.
You must be doing the new math
Learn the difference between debt & deficit, Joe. Republicans always explode both:
https://www.usgovernmentdebt.us/us_deficit 
#3 Play in the Alinsky Playbook
You would follow Trump into a pile of crap. Party over anything
Trump is Psychotic, Demented and Incompetent. Think Twice before supporting anything this Serial Liar, No-Nothing, Racist, Bully has to say.
Will you send your children to fight in the wars Trump will start? Most likely no racist
Thank you for supporting our president!
I'm a constituent, and I live in Seoul. Don't kill me. Thanks.
Yes you are a proud strong supporter of "Access Hollywood" Donald Trump.  Does he embody your values?  #SESTA  Placate "the base."
Don't support him on Graham-Cassidy. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Maybe try making a statement on healthcare...
Nuclear war has no winners.
You are awaiting the nuke to drop in Ohio before you say.. Do something
How do you feel about him calling a U.S. citizen  a "son of a bitch".  Generally don't use profanity in twitter unless quoting #POTUS
you're really trying to kill us any way you can, huh?
Does that include his reference about "rocket man", his tweets of Sept 22 inciting Kim Jung Un & his UN speech? The time has come to speak
Two mad men hurling threats and insults at each other, while the entire world is caught in the middle.
@realDonaldTrump has the potential to kill millions ur support for all he does wil be remembered
Your complicity towards a madman is digusting. Be responsible in what you support, including the #GrahamCassidy bill- VOTE NO!
You support the whole corrupt regime, oh Rob your so predictable #ohioloses #dotard pathetic for Ohio to have you
Great!  Why have you not said a word on GrahamCassidy????  Where do you stand??
Where do you stand on healthcare? #NotoGrahamCassidy
What the hell qualifies you to comment on foreign-policy Rob
And this is breaking news?  When don’t you side with party?
I cringe whenever someone says they "strongly support" Trump.  Particularly when it is my representative.
And your stand on #GrahamCassidy? Still waiting for this information as is the rest of Ohio.  Please address this.

What is wrong with u to blindly follow a maniac, racist, who can't wait to kill millions - including Americans?? Update ur resume- ur out!
I do not support the name calling. We are better than that. Our presidents are better than schoolyard bullys
And how do you feel about Graham-Cassidy?  VOTE NO!!  Ohio doesn't need to lose Medicaid $$ just because others didn't accept it at the time
No surprise here.... You support him all the time, even when it would hurt millons of Americans #ACARepeal #youHateAmericans
So...As a Christian, you support the complete annihilation of innocent children? Hmmm...Party pride over Jesus...How does that sit with God?
@senrobportman is a coward and a lair.  Now he will tweet about human trafficking yet again.
Can you hear us now, Senator Portman?? VOTE NO ON THE TRUMPCARE BILL!!!
I don't. Hell, I've gotta get a new senator - mine thinks his opinion outweighs the opinions of those he's employed to represent.
Fine. But for God's sake tell us your stance on healthcare so we can relax or fight. The not knowing is killing us.
Good.  Now vote against this ridiculous health care bill. Ohio needs you!
You  are unbelievable.  NO WAR WITH NK and VOTE NO ON HEALTH BILL. You are a poor excuse for a senator of Ohio. Our soldiers deserve better.
Yet interesting that you pretend you have no obligation to say where you stand in terms of healthcare. Why not, senator?
I believe you'd support & intro a bill on just about anything right now in order to hide from the healthcare disaster. #NOGrahamCassidy
How about the grabbing of pussies?
So, you endorse provoking nuclear war, awesome
You shouldn't support anything that grifter says or does. Face what he is and how he got in office.
OH will be 1 of the states most hurt by Graham/Cassidy bill
You have time to war monger AND take insurance from millions of Americans? What a busy bee you are!
Rob, it's not hard to support further sanctions on NK. This isn't  a bold statement!  Vote NO on Graham Cassidy.  Support your constituents
That announcement was bigly huge
Trump has NO strategy to deal with #NorthKorea
You've tweeted for 2 days about everything but healthcare. Please vote No #GrahamCassidy
You would
Why on Earth are you endorsing genocide, you monster?
Only money for war  but money for healthcare .Neither you or Trump children will have to fight in nuke war cowards
Does strongly just mean you're willing to mention it happened?
Do you not feel strongly about effing healthcare???
VOTE NO #GrahamCassidy.
Sure you do GOP wants war so much
Please focus on the main issue affecting your constituents. Vote NO on the Cassidy Graham Healthcare legislation.
Good deal.  @ScottAdamsSays had a great piece on the "Rocket Man" preparatory "persuasion" by deflation of prestige - well worth reading.
Sorry - still a video - here it is:
Watch @ScottAdamsSays to understand why @POTUS is so far ahead of @brhodes on Norks, there may NEVER be schooling. https://youtu.be/-nidcIOWVtA 
Yea CONGRATS,  Now next week back his agenda that'll leave 32 million lives uninsured.  That's something else you'll be proud of.
I hope he knows you're being sarcastic.....not the sharpest, if you know what I mean?!
Do you have a statement on Graham-Cassidy? Or are you just going to try and pass it in the middle of the night again with no comment?
Hey Rep. What about healthcare? Pls tell me you will not allow people to die to create tax cuts for the wealthy. You can be better than that
Cleveland Plain Dealer calls for @senrobportman to vote No on #GrahamCassidy
Waffling is how Portman rolls.
Is that the one where he threatened to totally destroy it? I'm having a hard time keeping up.
