We won't forget your cowardly cabinet votes Senator. 2022 is coming up fast.
not soon enough, recall now.
Sucks but "In Ohio, there is no rt of statewide recall, either of federal or st govt officials"
there is always a way to recall a politician.
gotta get voted out by the other senators
He's failing Ohio, not the GOP, so he's not going anywhere. Better to put energies elsewhere.
why? Why? The EPA is the reason NE Ohio is livable! Where would Lake Erie be? The Cuyahoga River? Our National Park? #shame
Because it's party ahead of country AND OH for him. Sad we're stuck with him until 2022.
Yes clear air and clear water we have no need for .As long as big oil and gas are happy and paying
Well, our pal Rob did take a rather substantial stack of cash from Big Oil. @OhioDistrict12
Sure he did
I'd like to add TRAITOR to that list.  Disgusting.  No idea how he sleeps at night or looks his kids in the eyes.
Almost as if he is unaware that his children also need clean air and water. Rob isn't a scientist.
I'm not sure he's a human being.
.@senrobportman In what world does rolling back environmental regulations help protect our environment? I ask as a science journalist.
I'd like to know as well. Asking as a chemist, an Ohioan, and a father of Ohioans. @OhioDistrict12
I'm neither a scientist nor a journalist, but I, too, would like to hear your answer.
shame on you!
SHAME ON YOU! History will not look kindly on people like you who allowed our environment to be destroyed by greed! #townhall
You foolish foolish man. Pruitt has explicitly expressed his desire to dismantle the organization @senrobportman
He knows that. @senrobportman is part of the Trump regime & helping make Trump's vision happen. Ohio environment regs be damned.
Yeah I just learned that he is in on it. Thought we might be able to appeal to his sensibilities. Forgot they have none @real1stAmendmnt
We should keep trying to appeal to his more moderate side. I will if you will.
Oh, I'm in!! I refuse to believe all humans are this willing to turn a blind eye. Where do I start? @real1stAmendmnt
#UnseatTheSellout
.@senrobportman I'm sure your confirmation vote had nothing to do with the $75k you got from Big Oil. #shill #votesforsale @OhioDistrict12
this can't be a serious tweet. You have an excellent sense of humor. Hahaha
Is this satire @senrobportman? #Pruitt is a climate denier and EPA challenger who has no interest in protecting #Ohio's environment. $$$$
OH MY GOSH!! SUCH LIES. THE EPA IS A JOKE NOW, YOU KNOW THAT. TRAITOR TRUMP WANTS TO POLLUTE+ POISON AIR+WATER. GROW UP. LIAR
stop kidding ass to this terrible administration .. stand up and fight for your constituents. He's scary
I can't wait to see the emails. Guessin he won't be with the EPA for long.
Well hold you breath too.
I will work tirelessly to get you out of office.  How could anyone think that Pruitt could possibly be a good choice? Explain
yea, dream again. This will be a nightmare. Goodbye Lake Erie.
you r part of great lakes task force yet voted for person w/ no respect  for environment for EPA..total hypocrisy!
This Ohioan is ashamed of your rubber stamp on Trump's Cabinet picks which put $ ahead of people and our environment. #Shame
We will remember all of this when you are up for reelection.
such a shame we need to hound him for the next 5 years 8 months.
. Ignore Kasich!   Federal dollars equals federal control.   Ohio doesn't need that not want it.
haaahahahahahaha  you may not be a good senator, but you are a great comedian!!
Scott Pruitt will deregulate existing programs that protect our environment to save big corporations $$. SHAME ON YOU!!
Stop acting like u r serving OH and not spec interests. An Ed Sec that hates public ed & EPA Sec that hates EPA. #outin2022
Working to turn Ohio into a toxic dump?  How will you explain to your grand kids? Sorry, no nature, kids. You missed it.
This is what it looks like when a river catches on fire. We won't forget your vote today. #pollutingPruitt #SaveTheEPA
well apparently you didn't read up on Pruitt's stance on the environment.  Another dick move on your part Portman.
Why don't you tell us how you are going to do this during a town hall meeting over break? Hiding much? @senrobportman
Surely, you jest.
Was the Cuyahoga catching fire once not enough? How could you choose an opponent of environmental protection to run the EPA?
you don't really think they care about history do you? They certainly don't care about facts, science, or logic.
yes they care about facts. Alternative facts.
You have just jeopardized the health of Lake Erie and our environment with your irresponsible #Pruitt vote.
Ah, but think of the money! (I mean the jobs). Rob votes for donors and party. Spineless sell-out. @KDuBayGillis @senrobportman
GOOOOO COAL!
you don't give a damn about Ohio's environment. You only care about your business buddies forking over the cash
Irresponsible party-before-country voting. We will remember next election. #Pruitt #DeVos
Once again the GOP bends Ohioans over and slams them in the buckeye. I bet they guffaw over how gullible ohio voters are.
if we're lucky, they will sell off Wayne National Forest before it's too late!
lies, you will do what you are told and serve your contributors.
please read these comments , you have more to worry about then protecting big business and DT. #WeThePeople
.@senrobportman Lets set the Cuyahoga on fire now and save time. Better be silent and thought a fool, than defend Devos/Pruitt and prove it
why don't you hold a town hall and hear what your constituents think about this choice?
I can't believe you had the nerve to tweet that. You are a joke and no one is laughing.
we voted for you to be a strong voice for Ohio. This is cowardly and not in Ohio's interests. Do better
 you wrote "protect"...PROTECT?  You're more foolish than I thought.
those two things don't go together.
So U support MANMADE EARTHQUAKES? Pathetic. Living in the past. Black snakes will destroy U and U'R children
We'll all be watching to see how that plays out...I'm not feeling hopeful and will remember your vote come election time.
you have not had Ohioans back yet, why should we believe you now? I want you out of office!
I hope you're looking forward to hiding from your constituents for the next few years too.
think Pruit is awful choice; u better hope he doesn't pollute, backtrack progress -- we r all watching you! Democrats in 2018
do you have a plan that brings CLEAN energy jobs to OH? Those are the kind that protect OH's environment.
You can't champion for a clean Lake Erie one minute and then look forward to working with a climate change denier the next.
Your Republican agenda will destroy the environment for YOUR grandchildren too . May they hold their heads in shame !
someone who spends years fighting against environmental protection is not a good fit for this position
You need to re-evaluate your decision making process.  You don't seem to give one fig about ohioans. Or the environment.
Your justification rings hollow. What's Pruitt's track record of balancing jobs & environment?
Who the hell are you kidding? When does the fracking in the metroparks start? #waterislife
when you put party ahead of your constituents, that is when you lose my support, which you have now done.
6 more. Love to hear how and why he thinks all the cabinet picks, a break down of each one ,is a good pick ?
if you owned a company, would you hire someone who consistently sued you? No you wouldn't! Another bad hire!
Seriously? Delusional much? Pruitt sued the EPA. How in hell will he protect the environment when his record shows otherwise?
Remember, this will all be on record. You will not be able to run away from any of this. DeVos, Trump, or your cowardice.
Friendly reminder...we all drink the same water and breathe the same air. It works best if it's clean. 2/2
That should be interesting since all he did was sue the EPA. Bad idea to confirm him. 1/2
Most Ohioans prefer rivers that aren't burning. Why did you support EPA pick who wants to gut the agency?
do you honestly believe this?  How do you sleep at night?
that's rich. What protections are u planning on killing with Pruitt.
The CPP also supports First Solar in Perrysburg. Don't you know there were more clean energy jobs last year than petro jobs?
When are you coming to Ohio to explain yourself in person? We demand a townhall. #coward #sellout
what a joke! You are nothing but a sellout. You do not care about Ohio, our great natural resources, or your constituents.
Terrible choice for EPA Rob! This moron is no friend of the environment! Think of your grandchildren.
nice suck up tweet. Probably should've @ The Donald though.
WHAT A JOKE! Are you unaware of his track record and positions? Do you expect us to swallow this. Prove your words.
Pruitt will dismantle the EPA with your help. Don't pretend otherwise. Our grandchildren will breathe smog and drink waste.
The thought of Scott Pruitt running the EPA SICKENS me
choosing trumps pick to destroy environment is choosing wrong side of history. Trump/Pence going down in flames w/lake Erie.
shame on you and GOP senate for not waiting for emails to be released to get full facts about Pruitt. Lake Erie screwed.
so you're now against eliminating the EPA? It's very confusing when you want to eliminate it but also use it. #HR861
What a joke. He's a climate change denier who has sued the EPA multiple times. Your apparent contempt for Ohio is astounding!
why couldn't wait till we could see the court ordered emails? So when is our TOWN HALL meetings? You have 10+ days off for us
Whom are you trying to kid- us or yourself?  Sad to learn you won't protect our lake and rivers.
Looking forward to seeing you back in the private sector after your next campaign. #youfailohio
Pruitt has no intention of protecting environment, in pocket of fossil & gas! Seen his record in OK? Will never vote for you
if your son were the environment, I bet you would have voted 'nay'.
Irony. His son'll breathe same dirty air & drink contaminated water like the rest of us. Guess he forgot that
Your support of Trump's cabinet picks reeks of partisanship over loyalty to your constituents.  We'll remember this.
you mean "gut protections," you coward
How soon will his agenda cause the Cuyahoga River to catch on fire again? What a disaster Republicans are causing.
Uh...I don't think Scott Pruitt cares about the environment. Good luck with that.
You are more concerned about "higher electricity prices and lost jobs" than clean air and water. #EPADisaster
Ohio needs you to stand up and show some guts on these disastrous cabinet picks and policies. Listen to your constituents!
WHAT?  Your guy #45 just voted to POLLUTE Ohio's rivers with coal waste.  Please stop lying to us.  We see you.
He sued the EPA 14 times and values corporate profits over protecting the environment. #MakeOhioRiversBurnAgain maybe?
Nice Great Lake Ohio once had. Looking forward to more algae blooms with support of your EPA.
Yes or no: Do you think industries should be allowed to pollute more? (Supporting industry deregulation means "yes")
Scott Pruitt doesn't want to protect the environment, he wants to exploit it. Stand up for your constituents for once.
Ohio deserves better that this!
so disappointed in you.
oh please!    Sir, have you no shame??!!   He hates the environment.    You know better.   You're from Ohio.   You're better
- duly noted, and I look forward to doing everything I can to make sure this is your last term in the senate
Decimating EPA is not going to protect #Ohio's environment.  I will never again vote for you.  Think USA not Rep Party.
he is the devil.  Did you. Vote for him?
You are a traitor to your country and your state. This man is not going to protect us & our environment. I voted for you :(
You know his goal is to destroy the EPA, right? Please stop letting 45 have his way.
YOU HAVE LOST YOUR MIND
you voted for EVERY trump nominee. We will not forget, coward. The People.
Didn't dare wait to see those emails, huh? Who do you work for? It not the people of Ohio.
.@senrobportman I will remember this when I don't have clean water in Toledo again. U think Pruitt gives a shit about algae blooms?
If you wanted to protect Ohio's environment, you never should have voted for this climate denier.
Or sell it down the burning river. Congratulations, how much did you get for spelling out our future ecosystem.
first you sell out our schools and then the environment? You are another brainless GOP lemming
How could you vote to confirm Pruitt? A climate change denier is no friend to Ohio.
.@senrobportman You better work closely to PROTECT Ohio, not pollute it! You should have voted no. @CbusIndivisible
Party over country. Shame on you. You don't care about Ohio. I hope this vote cost you your job.
A shameful vote. We have only 1 planet, you sold it out. I will remember this.
Did you not research Pruitt? I did and I'm appalled. We are going have Flint cities in every state. He wants to abolish EPA
good luck with that...get ready for polluted rivers and gray skies
bit of an oxymoron here. U won't be re-elected
So you don't care about the Children of Ohio, Health Care of Ohioans, or the Environment. Good job you coward.
umm think that's an oxymoron.
you mean what's left? Congrats,. We're headed backwards.
rp WTH r u talking about. Going backwards, against all scientific evidence. TOWN HALL meeting Pls. When & where???
if you were looking for someone to protect our environment, you voted wrong. Wake Up and do your job!
dismantling EPA and getting rid of protections? We're watching. You cannot BS your constituents. Like fracking earthquakes?
Good luck with that.  Why not wait until emails are released. Or are u going to take this swamp monster at his word too.
You did not vote for a man who will protect the environment, but one who will fight against it. You voted against Ohio.
your vote has endangered the beauty and heath of our wonderful state. You should be ashamed of your #PruittVote
This is very disappointing
what?  Scott Pruitt doesn't believe in Climate Change or the EPA. Why don't you protect us??
I'm looking forward to those nights when once again the river catches on fire in Cleveland - Will be beautiful
protect Waterville Township's environment by moving compressor station
please put Country before party. It's not too late to get on the right side of history #CountryOverParty
hahaha!! That's rich, "protect" the environment. Did you even see who this guy was before voting for him? We are doomed.
I'm sure that you 2 have very similar goals. #sellout
He made a career out of suing the EPA. You are making one out of ignoring your constituents.
Yeah, like get rid of the s---!
, going to call bullshit here. The last thing Pruitt want to do is "protect" the environment. Pathetic!
Disappointed in your vote. Scott Pruitt is against much of what EPA is designed to do.
you sell us out at every turn. I'm ashamed of you. Also sometimes you should answer the phone at your office.
You got conned!  Only jobs created are those in pollution clean-up.  You have a short memory re Lake Erie & Cuyahoga River.
- I'm your constituent. That's the most laughable tweet I've ever seen you post. Pruitt will do no such thing
As an Ohio voter I too will remember this come 2022, you will not be missed.
you failed to represent your constituents again.
you have lost my vote, you phony. Time to organize to vote you out.
You traded our kids for political gain?
you sir, are a sham!
just remember, without an environment, we don't have jobs...
For a guy who claims to protect Ohio's water, you have a strange way of showing it.
I accept ur decision.  And will hold u accountable for Pruitt actions.
You obviously don't stand for the people in Ohio.
why do republicans hate nature so much? Do you really find no worth in lakes that are healthy, water and air that are clean?
you can't be serious. The guy doesn't believe in climate change nor does he care about the environment! Unbelievable.
Voting for Pruitt is indefensible. What will you tell us Ohioans when we are drinking Flint MI water?
Once again you have let us down. First Devos now Pruitt. Our education and our environment are in jeopardy.
Very disappointed in you @senrobportman! Pruitt puts our clean air and drinking water at risk! #StopPruitt
you will be held accountable
I don't vote for people who endanger my child's health.
How extremely disappointing you have been with your Cabinet voting. Don't know how you sleep at night.
You barely said anything about the vote, so I knew you'd vote Party Line and flip the bird to the environment and health.
The GOP has now become dangerous I wouldn't have believed yrs ago that either party would put Party before country
Jobs were lost not bcs EPA but surging nat gas & renewables making coal untenable. How can you yes Pruitt w a straight face?
If you're actually interested in protecting the environment, vote NO on #SJRes18
I think you are confusing Presidents' day and April Fools'  day
You should be ashamed of your self
I look forward to you losing in 2022
party before the Great Lakes #shame #wearewatching
do you really think he would protect our environment?
(Edits) @senrobportman Looks forward to working w/ Pruitt protecting #Ohio (polluters) from (pesky) enviroment (regulations) #NoBullshit
You are a puppet. I better move out of Ohio before you help the new EPA destroy our water and air. #GrabAmericaByThePussy
you misspelled "destroy."
disaster!
just another step towards destroying our planet.
He isn't going to help you protect shit. Party before Country. Kind of like Bros before Hoes, right?
you are just a #sellout in the pocket of the #dondondump
what's to work on? Are you for destroying our earth? You sold out Ohio first with #devos now you sold out the earth. #sad
Statements like this clarify that you are not on the side of the health of humans or the environment.  #GOPDisaster
terrible decision senator. I'm stunned by your votes on DeVos and Pruitt. Both enemies of the missions of their departments.
Not happy with you and will work against you. We'll be back.
Pruitt doesn't need your help anymore. Big Energy will write all the rules for EPA.
ARE U serious?!?!  What a tool
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
