http://bit.ly/Uvot4RP  You voted 4 it in 2015, WHY vote NO this timeOcare is clearly worst nowWe finally have a Prez 2 sign it
Since you won't keep your promises and vote for a clean repeal of Obamacare, at least vote for the skinny repeal to provide some relief.
Some patriot..
Why didn't you have these discussions months ago? What the hell do you think all the protesting is about?
Unintended consequences-Not Repealing O-Care will lead to Medifraud for all then CanadaCare. You can stop this slide Sen. It takes guts
My insurance premium is more than my http://mortgage.How  are you helping me?
It is your MORAL OBLIGATION to vote NO on any healthcare bill that doesn't have BIPARTISAN support! Protect Ohioans!!
I think you campaigned on repealing it, so do it!
You could have voted to fix the ACA instead of supporting Trumps agenda. You voted Party instead of for OHIOANS. Your true soul shows.
He sold his soul already.
@senrobportman what about your middle class constituents?
Time you Senators demand investigations into all the previous administration dealings.  Gitmo would be a great place to house them all
shameful #wewillremember
Why don't you propose that Senate and Congress must only use VA hospitals and clinics?
well I am not low income but my healthcare costs are unaffordable; BCRA WIL MAKE THEM WORSE
Very tone deaf to the people that elected you to get rid of Obama care.

move the desk to the left side of the aisle already #PrimaryPortman
Single payer would work you sentient wax statue.
And then this morning you voted for #SkinnyRepeal #goodjob
And then you voted yes anyhow. Liar. Coward. Shame on you.
How about affordable care for ALL Americans, not just the poor and the rich.
What a sad state he has put our country in! Done with Republicans! I want my America back!
Low-income Americans rely on Planned Parenthood. If you vote yes on the skinny bill, you will be stopping them from getting affordable care.
How much do you pay out of pocket for your health insurance?
If you believed your own words you would have completely repealed
Senator, as a Ohio vote, I voted for you so we could reverse everything the previous crooked administration did.  Be part of the solution!
Then you votes yes for a bill that would strip Medicaid from thousands of your own constituents.  Shame!
Businesses saw increases due to the market adjusting for everyone sick and healthy being well covered. Price increases should level out.
People forced to accept Obamacare doesn't help anybody. It was shoved down our throats with NO Republican votes! Now you support it?
He has no constituents
Okay... now keep working at it. Listen to your constituents.
You can help by not repealing ACA
How many 100s of thousands of Ohioans would lose insurance with the plan you voted for? You stand with the rich over the poor
That's bullshit Bill, it isn't rich/poor, Portman is GOPe, he is a Rino, No better than a Dem answering to his handlers not constituents
Stop acting like you care and stand up for all of us, not your big donors.
All able bodies should have to work for their healthcare. Like I do. My Insurance rates have gone up nearly 400%.  I live in Lorain Ohio.
Then please stand firm & #VoteNo on the #SkinnyRepeal; the vulnerable & poor in #Ohio & the #US are depending on you
Let me fix that for you. I discussed how I can make myself more money and toe the party line so 45 doesn't blast me on Twitter.
Low income Ohioans Have affordable health insurance through the ACA. Don't cut the coverage or scope of benefits. It all works as a system.
You promised you would repeal, i wont vote for you if you fail to vote repeal.
I am very disappointed in your healthcare vote Senator. My premiums are high as well as my deductible.
So you vote against a bill you voted for in 2015.  Because this time it was for real?  Resign you snake!
It's clear with your vote you don't care about Ohioans or the nation. We will remember, even if your election is a few years away.
So what have we learned? Party loyalty over constituents concerns/desires/needs. You have a chance to make this right - do it!
Why are you trying to kill me?
As a constituent, thank you for your vote this pm vs. repeal/AHCA. Please vote against "skinny"version, go to regular order.
so how does the Sen plan " It’s the fastest growing expense because of higher premiums and higher deductibles."  waivers not guarantee
.talk is cheap, Senator. You should be ashamed of yourself, voting to take health care coverage away from thousands of Ohioans.
I don't see your comments reviewing efforts to create obstacles to the success of the ACA. #GOPsabotage
REPEAL And REPLACE OBAMACARE!!!
Then fix, not replace Obamacare, if you care about the poor like you do. Your actions sure don't show it.
You like to pretend you care about opioid users.  Phony! Fake!  You are not a Buckeye. Move to Michigan.
They are cutting Medicaid in conference. Please don't let any bill move to house.
Cornyn on if Medicaid will be in skinny: "No, I think people understand we'll address the Medicaid issue when we conference with the House."

What's it like, being an invertebrate?
$382,100 from pharm mfgs to your campaign coffers. You're not fooling anyone. You don't work for the people of Ohio.
Rob it's really hard to even tell what the hell you want.  My advice? End the damned MANDATE. Figure out something else for the "low-income"
You absolute low life liar! Your only effort has been to deny people healthcare!
What about the rest of us! Oh yeah. Fuck the people who help the low-income types. We are endless bags of money waiting to be tapped
Shame on you for following the party line.  You're winning no fans back home.
Disappointed to read through this statement. BCRA 3.0 is not a better bill; removing the individual mandate will crash healthcare markets
Senator Portman you lied to the people of Ohio and you voted to take away our healthcare. We won't forget in 2022 and we will vote you out!
Vote repeal Obamacare!
Thanks for your efforts.  If the ACA is replaced it needs to be a better bill that preserves Medicaid.
And yet you voted FOR this terrible healthcare bill.
Transgender service people lost the jobs today and now their healthcare. Vets and patriots deserve more . Stand tall. Vote no
U sir have just sealed the deal to harm sick and disabled people I remember why I dislike the GOP, self serving, lying, useless politicians!
Vote no. Save Ohio from Trump
It's called Medicaid. Or single payer. Your family enjoys high quality coverage while you vote to take it away from thousands in OH. #shame
Geez, show a spine & vote against any bill that denies health care & gives tax breaks to the 1%! You're supposed to represent the people!!
You refused to dialogue with your constituents, walked the party line, & shown you desire tax cuts far more than you do affordable care
Fixed it for you: On Senate floor last night, I discussed #healthcare & my efforts to KEEP low-income Americans FROM getting affordable care
The Senate Trumpcare bill puts 22 million Americans' lives at risk. Vote NO! #ResistTrumpcare
You're an f*up!
All you did yesterday was tote the party line. You are a coward and will be removed from office. How dare you pretend to be on our side LIAR
And you got defeated, so now what?
Low Healthcare costs and insurance would help with that. You know, freedom of choice. Repeal #Obamacare or you will be replaced.
And then you voted against health care.   You do not hold family values bc families need health care.
You have done nothing but lie to your constituents. You are a bad senator, and a worse human being.
Bull. You've shown us who you are. We're watching and will remember. Do the humane thing.
And then you voted for a health care proposal that would strip healthcare from millions. Way to go hypocrite
lots of things about yesterday, disgusted me, too.
but not the actions of 2 brave legislators...
@SenMurkowski  @maddow  @SenatorCollins
Is your plan to lower costs to kick people off insurance? I mean I guess that's one way to do it. Low cost no cost no ins. But it's shitty.
Please vote yes to repeal as much of the ACA as possible today.
Based on these comments, some folks don't have confidence in you. Me, I'm still hoping you'll do the right thing. C'mon Senator Portman.
Your "efforts" won't help low-income, sick, disabled, addicted or young Americans nearly as much as the ACA. So SAVE your words and vote NO
Fix the ACA or better yet, we will take the same plan YOU get!
What about those of us not poor enough for assistance but not wealthy enough to afford the premium increases repeal will leave us with?
You turned your back on Ohioans. You chose party over country, again. We won't forget. #coward #YouWorkForUs
You can't help Americans and vote for Trumpcare at the same time. We are not stupid!  #NoTrumpCare #SinglePayer
You voted YES for bill that takes healthcare away from the same Americans. Bravo!! You are an expert at presenting two faces!
Then why did you vote to bring the repeal to the floor with no replacement. Please Vote No Today. This will be chaos
We're seeing exactly who you are. blah blah blah. disingenuous.
You would help by voting no on this crap and start over. Reach across the aisle. Make us Ohioans believe you have our interests at heart
Your moral compass needs adjusting. Good for you, caring about addicts. Why can't you apply that care to all injured / ill & their families?
How's that working out?  Anything changing Medicaid to a limited fund fundamentally hurts low/income and vulnerable people
You have chosen loyalty to party and a lunatic president over the health and welfare of the people. Shame on you. You lack a moral compass
Stop the BS... You still voted to take insurance away just like your POTUS and party wanted. Bet your family will never be w/out insurance!
Rob, you voted to gut our healthcare system after voting to allow debate on nonexistent bill. Its clear you just want repeal not healthcare.
Pointless listening there are so many weasel words its hard to see where you stand. We watch your vote and know you stand against Ohio.
Sen. Portman won't be up for reelection for a while.  Take out your frustration by supporting Dems in TX, AZ, & NV.
Coward.
Your "efforts" -ZERO coverage for millions. "Affordable" -worthless plans that cover next to nothing. Coverage is not care.
You're as worthless as the healthcare plan your cretinous party is trying to force on Americans. There will be blood on your hands!
You can't "compromise" w/ Progressive Marxists whose goal is totalitarian universal health care controlled by the State.
Fla hospital administrator explains health care costs for illegal aliens: Or why I have $770 p/p premium $K deduc
With my money? That's theft. Do you want me to pay for their auto insurance too?
Please do what's right. Fix the ACA with the Democrats. Please stand up for your constituents.
A small change to make it look like you're doing something..if any bill allows lifetime/annual caps to come back, I want you to vote NO.
Individual mandate is an idea of the Heritage Foundation.  Business 101.  Enlarge the pool, cut risk, overall less expensive premiums.
Did you vote FOR the Bill including the Cruz Amendment which would punish preexisting conditions?  Not helpful, Senator.
I forget (I mean besides my 3 kids) how many millions will be w/ out affordable healthcare when you all get finished again?

How about you and all in DC share with us the details of your health coverage! What's your deductible, co-pay, bi-monthly contribution?!
By voting for a bill that cuts Medicaid funding by $750 billion instead of 850b. 

Got it.
does anyone who works for you tally these comments?  Because I am reading them all and the position you are taking has NO support
And how would kicking 22 million people off HC do that exactly? Vote NO on repeal & replace. Vote yes on making it better. #SaveACA
What are you actually doing besides talking?
Vote to repeal or will get someone who will, @SherrodBrown is out & @JoshMandelOhio is replacing him. Do you need to be repealed & replaced?
You lost any shred of credibility you had when you allowed this sham to continue yesterday.
When u give government control over ur healthcare, ur freedom goes away.  Just Charlie Gard's family how they feel...
You better pass Repeal and Replace or you'll lose all support.
Egoist, corporatist, tool.
Your yes vote shows how little you care about the poor. Embarrassing and heartless.
Your words don't match your actions. We won't forget!
Rob, oh Rob. Stop tootin your horn. Proof in pudding. You'll either stand for Ohio or you will screw us and stand with party
We are exhausted from fighting you/Trump for affordable high quality health care that you want to ruin over a petty political tiff w Obama.
Sure you did. You sold us out. You are a total disappointment Rob. #lostmyvote
DO NOT VOTE FOR REPEAL ONLY. You promised to bring better care to Ohio citizens. Bipartisan measures to improve the ACA are what's needed.
WITH 10 ESSENTIAL PROVISIONS IN THE ACA. STOP SIDE STEPPING THIS IMPORTANT PART OF THE ACA. MINIMUM ESSENTIAL COVERAGE MUST BE IN THE BILL!!
You have no credibility. We know you crumbled to Trump and special interests. Don't waste our time with your hollow speeches.
But you voted yes anyway.
How about a bipartisan effort to fix the ACA? Rename the thing so the GOP doesn't have a meltdown. Take a real stand, Senator!
Sen Portman. If what you say is true, why not repeal Obamare? Prems double in 7 years, while deductibles increase. Ocare not affordable
You might try actually doing something.   Your state & its residents need help
One OH company has to forego $200K per month in orders because it can't get enough workers who can pass a drug test: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/24/business/economy/drug-test-labor-hiring.html?_r=0 …
You voted YES for a reckless amendment that cripples Medicaid, increases premiums & brings back junk plans. Nothing about you is right.
Yet you oppose the AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. I'm having some cognitive dissonance
You mean the 1/8 of Medicaid recipients you deem worthy of health care?
Only one way for poor to get access  that stays in the open market and is their choice: a Healthcare Snap Card ONLY for insurance
Remember we have a lot of low income people in Ohio!!!
You're not helping by voting for Republican plans. I'm certain you know that, though.
Senator you sold out the people of Ohio who need affordable healthcare to a President who belittles others and breaks his promises. SAD, BAD
Your tenure is over....party before the people doesn't work for the people of Ohio!
VOTE No .....
Failure
ACA didn't mandate higher costs.  Ins co did that on their own. ACA required them to provide more care & they didn't want to do their jobs.
On the Senate floor last night, you voted for a bill w/out a CBO score -- something you committed not to do. You voted to hurt millions.
Hmmm...but what I saw was your effort to take it away. Actions > words.
It's called Obamacare
In your statement, you lament the 22000 Ohioans who lost coverage due to insurers withdrawing, yet your 100B increase would hurt many more
I wish that I believed and trusted you. I no longer do so. There will be Trumpcare and it will harm Ohioans.  You betrayed us!
I was EXTREMELY disappointed in your vote to proceed. Vote "NO" until a BIPARTISAN solution is found. Hold hearings. B responsible
Then you proceeded to vote to help low income Americans relieve themselves of the burden by taking away access to healthcare for them
Can you share with your constituents how exactly that will happen under this bill. Millions losing care does not align with this
Ridiculous. You know more than CBO and AARP? Would be fascinating to know how you justify votes to yourself.
You are not keeping your word- your amendment does not help! Why not repair what we have- public option we can buy what you and McCain have
You did not fight to keep insurers in OH! Why?  What about those who are 55-64  that are not on opioids? Can we buy into Medicare?
Liar!! How can you possibly know what we, your constituents, want/need? You've made no effort to meet with us to hear us out.
"Have you no sense of decency?"
You voted for a bill that the CBO scored as resulting in 22 million more people without insurance. Your amendment didnt change callousness.
No Ron, you sold out your constituents. We will remember when you come up for re- election. I will donate to anyone who runs against you.
With all due respect, you are spouting craven nonsense. Knowing the risks, you supported the MTP without having whipped your amendment.
You have a clear mandate to leave Obamacare intact. You are failing to represent constituents. Denounce Trumpcare. Do not repeal Obamacare.
Your $45 billion for opioid crisis? Peanuts over 10 years. Ohio spent $1 billion alone on it last year, according to Governor's office.
Where did the $1 billion come from? State & federal #Medicaid. What do you want to cut? #Medicaid. See the problem?
Here's a clue for you....single payer
What is more important - party loyalty or the people?
Liar.
Good job ignoring your constituents once again. Not only did you prove you are heartless, but also ignorant and corrupt. 
Support and improve the ACA is the way to go, then.  The BCRA will increase costs, personal bankruptcies, and the number of uninsured.
Then WHY ARE U VOTING FOR CRAP U ARE A LIAR

Your partisan votes say otherwise. You have become a senseless puppet. When will you work with @SenSherrodBrown toward a real solution?
Your "effort" was #garbage - hurting those you represent. Looking forward to voting you out of office.
I could start my business because for the first time I could get affordable healthcare insurance through the ACA. DONT REPEAL
Ohio voted trump ty for doing what we ask and supporting trump and us!
By cutting 700 billion from Medicaid? Liar
Then you opened the door to stripping hundreds of thousands of coverage with no plan B. When will you start helping?
Why bother posting when you clearly care nothing about the responses you get?
But the words don't match the actions.
QUALITY. No junk, stripped down policies. Been there, done that, not paying for that ever again
#NoRepeal #FixACA
You work for us. Not Mitch not 45. Fix the ACA. Hold hearings, work w/Dems, medical groups, insurance industry. Listen to us; it's your job.
Words don't = actions! My child will be having  surgery right around 2020 & I will tag you in hospital pics along w our bills!
Sell out
You don't seem to be listening Rob...quit supporting this junk.
As a former Budget Director, I'd think you of all ppl would understand the importance of hard figures over vague platitudes.
Then keep the ACA!
Your vote was disappointing.
Liar. Coward. #FixTheACA
