thanks for your stand on #russia   please pursue #russiagate   vital to our national security.
I hope you will vote AGAINST confirming Putin's friend as our next Secretary of State. This gives me nightmares.
Remember that when tRUMP signs one of his executive orders lifting sanctions.
Will also oppose the ban imposed by Trump?
Hold @POTUS accountable and introduce legislation to make Obama's sanctions via executive order into law.
@anneapplebaum no one cares what you think puppet.
@VirginiaHolbert you are right.  Be a hero.  Stand up against Trump's agenda!  Here in Ohio we are watching.  No Tillerson!
I usually hate all caps in a tweet, but...THEN DO SOMETHING! If you don't demand these sanctions are imposed, then you are not a co-equal branch of our government. You are subject to the whims of one man and our rule of law is dead.
Portman is ruled by self-interest. If he doesn't benefit directly he doesn't care. He takes money from the worst people in exchange for favors and votes. I'd be surprised if that didn't include Russia. He refuses to meet with unscreened constituents. Vote him out in (sigh) 2022.
That's the plan. I'm more concerned that my Congressman @JimRenacci not see the Senate this year.
but u'll approve Tillerson! Red baiting: that's all these sanctions & election fraud hype r abt. One big scam on Americans.
@fr_faulkner I'll say.
Then why did you vote for Tillerson? I don't believe you. Your actions contradict this.
It is way passed jockying around about sanctions.If congress does not immediately impeach Trump you are selling out!
Also, how about supporting the bill to require CONGRESS to vote before nukes are used. It is a real concern these days.
@former_f1doc Took too long for my Senator for taking a stand that disagrees with @POTUS.  Now how about free speech?
@karibowieHertel    Where is your voice? How can you remain silent? You have lost my respect. Worse, you have lost my vote.
Portman is opposed to Trump lifting sanctions on Russia
yes but that is only a start. There is so much happening in DC lately that is appalling. Yet silence...
agree. And to destroy ACA and kill millions of Americans by inaccessability to health care would be a crime.
Yeh, tell them to cut it out.
Thank you for saying this.
Agree. Trump needs to publicize his tax returns as well.
THANK YOU... Trump will lift.. CAN YOU stop him?
@Kris_Sacrebleu like he's guilty.... @GOP @realDonaldTrump
There you go using logic again.
- totally agree. Thank you, Sen. Portman!
We sanction Russia? Ok, but why can't we sanction Mexico since they aid and abet illegal immigration? No consistency
y'all have the power to get him out. Use the 25th amendment & pence too.
Finally something we agree on.
but yet you support Tillerson. Don't confirm him. #AlternativeFacts
Time to get rid of Nato. Only exists to threaten Russia. A cold war relic that has expanded to meet the threat it itself created.
That would be great. To do otherwise would be appeasement
Finally you spout some common sense. Now will you care this out?
@anneapplebaum This is so true.Do the right thing & make a ruckus if Trump tries drops them without change on part of Russia.
I expect you and your colleagues to hold the Trump admin to this. Ohioans are watching.
Just remember, Senator, you endorsed this President early on:  http://video.cnbc.com/gallery?video=3000518335 …
No shit
@anneapplebaum Congress must stop Trump trying to lift the sanctions on Putin. Containment of Putins adventures is essential!
@anneapplebaum In addition to the equally dangerous message of electing Trump in the first place.
@JETBallin It's payment for services rendered.  Putin helped Trump with the DNC hack & propaganda effort.  Worse than Nixon
Do not waver on this! My vote is holding you to it! More investigation needed - make it happen!
@anneapplebaum Forrest Trump - Stupid is as stupid does
For once I agree with you.  Take some action.  Be brave.
@MollyMcKew

And your vote on Tillerson? ......
Thank you, @senrobportman!
@OH3Voters
Print your tweet, frame it & hang somewhere in office. As your fellow Republicans cave look at your tweet & ask why.
and yet Tillerson will do JUST that. You have the power to stop it by voting No instead of being a #partisantool
Thank you, Senator Portman.
Repeal 16th Amendment! Stop redistribution,  let legal-citizens/tax-payers keep money they earned. 90,000,000+ not working!
Thank you for being rational about this issue!
sanctions because of their land grab in Crimea.  Lift only if they withdraw unconditionally. #russiaSanctions
Thank you for being principled. We are on a dangerous course if diplomacy by personality connection is the driving force.
Don't back down! So many Senators do from pressure.
I agree 100%. And please demand to see POTUS tax returns so that we have a clear understanding of his financial interests.
YES! Stand up to @realDonaldTrump on this!
well your one of the guys to stop him.
yes! This is something I can get behind! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
I'm with Shannon! It's good to stand with you on this issue.
Agreed.  Thank you.
We'll be watching to make sure you stick to your word.
Now get onside and #StopMnuchin, #StopDeVos, #StopPrice and act like you understand #WhyWeMarch and #whysciencematters
we're going to hold you to that. #Russia #sanctions
GatewayPundit is reporting that Comey says it was an Obama/Brennen fabrication. Fake to deligitimize Trump. @senrobportman @ThompsonMaryJ1
Agreed!!
To stay with NATO and not produce ANOTHER deal si SO STUPID... NATO = NWO! Damn it! They tricked him!
Thank you!
Agree! Now, can you maybe stand up to the White House for a change?
I never heard him speak of Russian bad behavior
@monkeypox0104 Story in BI today very troubling. This needs independent investigation!
congress should have put sanctions in place after they invaded Crimea not because @TheDemocrats needed excuse for #hill loss
no one has said they are lifting sanctions Obama  put in place for the alleged Russian hacking you give legs to the big lie
@cincyblog Putin has his Poodle and he’s your President. You own him. He’s all yours. I’m a hostage.
You're my senator, I'm glad to see this statement.
we must know if Russian ties to campaign; and  if russian conflicts of interest driving presidents agenda
Release his taxes
the oil fields will be opened up. Why do you think Twitler is so eager to cozy up to Putin. He WILL profit/u WILL be blamed.
no has said they were lifting sanctions.  Doesn't anyone listen anymore??
Thank you, Senator Portman.  Good to see a Foreign Relations Committee member standing strong on this matter.
Thank you. WHY does DT want to lift sanctions? Please call for 9/11-type Independent Commission to probe Trump/Russia ties.
Agreed and please support a thorough investigation into Russia's actions.
THANK YOU!
@cincyblog Yet you and your party continue to support this mad man. The nation is watching closely.
Good call on your part. It appears you know that the Donald is Putin's Puppet.
How about a discount on any loans Trump may  owe to Russian banks, would that be enough reason? #taxreturns
You know what you must do. #bangyourshoe #resist
Yes, and please investigate Russia's role in the 2016 elections.
Stay tuned. You're going to get a big surprise.
I hope you share this with the WH and not support the lifting of Russian sanctions. @morningmoneyben
Agreed!
Thank you, Rob.
Keep fighting against those who would weaken the US & our allies, regardless of who they are!
- Ohio voter
agree & in light of Pres. Trumps message saying US should take Iraqi oil. Does he want the US to be the new Russia? scary
Are you actually going to stand up to the president about this?
finally!!! Something you and I agree on.
@morningmoneyben To both Russia & Americans
thank-you
.Easy solution: Congress passes sanctions that can't be removed without Congressional approval. Step up and "show some fortitude"
To stall filling Trump's administration is not doing your job. Get Congress to work or find a new job.  Common sense!
I appreciate and support this statement wholeheartedly. Cozying up to enemies and alienating allies is dangerous
Yes! Stay strong Senator!
Thank you, Sen. Portman. I'm a constituent, and I agree with your position on this issue.
@morningmoneyben why you think #Putin uses the nice guy tactics
Yes, it sends the message that our elections and @POTUS  have been compromised. Plain and simple.
