If it's just going to rich ppl so they can continue NOT providing adequate healthcare to employees it can stay overseas for all I care
#TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam
Not this bill, Senator. This is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Deep tax cuts for the rich. Not much for the rest of us.
What a partisan hack you are Portman, do you EVER have the courage to stand up to your party?...I guess not.
And why isn't it? Because you, Congress, wrote the laws & tolerated the rules that allowed the problem! Quit being an ass & change the law!
The Republican tax plan gets rid of tax on income,made on foreign countries. How can u b 4 a plan that doesnt fix the problem you brought up
Agreed, but current plan hurts the middle class and benefits the wealthy.  GOP tried trickle down--no data to support that it works.
And there is data that shows it fails. $ coming back before did not add jobs or raise wages.
How about a tax holiday?  It comes in and gets invested (capital and labor) — no dividends or massive exec bonuses — and is temporary.
Activist Investors are taking bizs overseas, a tax cut won't change that as we've learned already. Don't repeat past mistakes no #KochTaxCut
What about CHIP? What about DACA? Vote NO on abortion ban. You're not doctors. Doctor/ patient decision. Not yours to decide.
bill defunds Medicare Medicaid creates 1.5 Trln deficit & deliberately vague how affects middle class but def. rich BADbill
It’s the greed of the wealthy that keeps profits overseas. We aren’t stupid.
No. IM TIRED OF RICH GOP LAWYERS, LIKE YOURSELF, MISLEADING AMERICANS.

The offshore jobs should be solved with other schemes. TAX THEM! Perhaps they should to pay two years severence to anyone who lost a job!
Are you even listening to your constituents?? We don't want this GOP bill #robfromthepoorportman
I’m tired of the lies.   I’m tired of Richy Rich getting tax breaks.
I am tired of the lying GOP
Raise taxes on the rich! It can't hurt them that much. And it will solve a lot of our peoples problems! ...
Not the plan your pushing for the billionaire Boys Gang...
Tired of tax codes for the rich.
Been a R my entire life. Want to know what I'm tired of?  Getting absolutely nothing done!
GOP tax plan reduces corp. tax on overseas profits, but does not guarantee reinvestment here. Need to tax outflows of capital.
Congress actually gave businesses tax breaks in the 90's for outsourcing. Now you want to give more cuts to bring jobs back?
Why not suggest a limit on top level bonuses to help create jobs?

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-trump-administrations-tax-plan-is-an-atrocity/2017/10/08/93876d1e-aaca-11e7-850e-2bdd1236be5d_story.html?hpid=hp_no-name_opinion-card-f%3Ahomepage%2Fstory&utm_term=.435cfad1a1d9 …

Would like to know your thoughts regarding the issues raised in this article.  #TaxReform
Come on senator Rob. Are you trying to steal my Presidents’ thunder? He is so onto this. Damn those who obstruct him
Mark my words Senator...it'll all go to stock buybacks and dividends!  You won't see any growth, just greedy profits for the rich!
We’re mostly tired of Senators who work only for the wealthiest among us and try to sell tax cuts for the rich as #TaxReform
How about eliminating health insurance deduction for corporations and also tax health insurance benefits up to 10% at ordinary income.
At 0:09 it looks like you are taking a bribe. Just think for one second how it looks for a politician to conceal an envelope like that.
We don't believe your words anymore. You need to show us action. #portmantownhall
Really tired of you in my personal life #protectourbirthcontrol
The tax code does NOT keep corporations $ overseas. The corporations do that because profits are more important to them than people.
I'm tired of the rich getting richer and then hoping it trickles down to hard working middle class like me.
Your "tax reform" is nothing but class warfare in service of demented libertarian billionaires.
1,075.
Stop selling! Let’s see the legislation....
Not at the cost of gutting Medicare & Medicaid, and not with such paltry returns for middle class. You're backing the wrong horse, Senator.
Your silence on the madman in the WH is deafening.
WE are tired of your party before Ohio too ........... grow a spine all ready !!!!!!!!
Did Dan Scavino write this for you? Looking more and more like it every day...
Then actually propose tax reform that does that while not screwing the middle class. Your current snake oil doesn't do that.
Thats all great Rob but dont at the same time give the rich a huge tax break and ask the middle class to foot the bill.Wealth redistribution
We're #TIRED of politicians taking money from the #NationalRifleAssociation and when there's a #MassShooting the elected show no leadership.
Stop talking about INVESTMENTS! We need increased SPENDING from consumers which means increasing INCOME for middle/working class.
I'm tired of Trump lying to us. Why won't he release his tax returns? What is he hiding?
Bring it back by rewarding those who took the money out of the U.S. in the first place? NO. Not the correct answer. Try some REAL #taxreform
We are tired of you not listening to our voices! We are tired of you voting against us on ACA! We are tired of you taking $ from NRA! ...
I'm tired of tweeting into the void. Please hold a #townhall here in Columbus so you can pretend you care in person.
You talk about middle class squeeze and give tax breaks to the richest 
You sir are the definition of hypocrite
Start with the first family and then get back to Ohio!!!
Tired of the lies by folks like you so you can reward your big donors.
Your tax plan is a give-away to the rich and adds to the national debt.
You can't promise that, wishful thinking. It's a deficit busting tax cut for you and all the wealthy
Rob Portman & GOP slammed Obama efforts to close tax loopholes. Pure political gamesmanship, no help:
Tired of your BS!
If you give a tax holiday to bring it back they will buy back their stock and issue dividends like they did before. How does this help us?
This video is all buzz words that ur base wants to hear. I am more interested in the  plan to get these goals done. Fail. Big time.
Not even his base wants to hear this. His big DONORS like these buzz words. Ohioans want a raise, health care, and the wealthy to pay taxes.
Can you explain why #TrumpTaxScam looks like a tax cut for the rich?
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Liar
The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
When the KOCHS provide you with talking points, are you allowed to change any words, or do you have to repeat those verbatim?
Did Donald Trump teach you to lie or was it  part of your Republican Party membership training?
We're waiting on you guys.
