Put a hold on that vote until the Russian investigation is done.
Laws as written deserve some context, especially in the #FrozenTrucker case. Shouldn't have to choose between life and job.
No. please do not support.
No appointment by POTUS under criminal investigation!
Garland would have done the same.   Shame on you
.@senrobportman vote no on Gorsuch. @POTUS  is being investigated for his ties w/ Russia. Gorsuch is NOT the right person. STAND UP 2 POTUS
past performance defies this conclusion: corporations win all for him.
like letting a freezing trucker with frozen brakes get fired for leaving his trailer rather than freeze to death. SCARY
#garland
NO Gorsuch--> MERRICK GARLAND #JustSayNOtoStolenSCOTUSseat
#NoToGorsuch
yea right. #liesyoutellyourselftosleepatnight
And I assure you that I won't vote for you when your reelection time comes. #StopGorsuch
. And you believed that!
Like Pruitt promised you that he wouldn't cut funding to the Great Lakes? Follow his record- Corporations over individuals
@EPAScottPruitt promised to protect the Great Lakes in your meeting too. You are #naive #constituentsmatter #NoOnGorsuch
but you sell us to the highest bider
Haha! Assured! DJT SWORE to uphold the constitution-until Russian collusion is cleared, no way does he get a pick. Represent!
And @potus said he'd #releasehisreturns
funny, haven't heard that from any other source since this all started. could you have him make a statement assuring us of that?
Absurd. He thought a man should have frozen to death. Heritage Foundation & Freedom Works back him. Selling your soul, again
No,Gorsuch consistently favors corporations over people, & he is the nominee of a President under investigation by the FBI.
ask him where that $10M came from. #StolenSeat #resist
cuz you'll believe anyone who's not a constituent
This administration is under FBI investigation. No new appointments until investigations are finished. You owe your constituents that much.
oh and we should believe you cause your always honest. How much did he pay you.
I've got a nice bridge to sell you.
2 words, Merrick Garland.  When was his hearing?  Oh...wait.  Vote NO, but you won't! $$$$ #NoMorePortman
Gorsuch believes in Citizens Unitited and thats how we came by Russians sitting in the White House
Oh good, so your party will stop trying to undermine Roe v Wade then?
NO NO NO!!!! He is not wanted.  Rob it is your job to stand up against this nomination!
RIGHT!! He answered nothing in the hearing!!
I do not support his nomination and ask you to reconsider. Nothing should be decided with this investigation ongoing. NO!
I find it troubling that u would need to seek his assurances. I'd hope that it would be implied by the position he is seeking
Rob, I have a bridge for sale. $51,000 is the starting bid. Oh, you spent it already. Sad.
No confirmation while #trumprussia #russiagate is under investigation. Stand by OUR beliefs like you were elected to do
congress needs to clarify that corporations are not people. It's your job, not his
how much did he pay you for his vote?
start listening to the voters of Ohio! #NoGorsuch
I don't believe that for a second and neither should you.
Well, shit, since he told you that, we can all pack it up and go home. Thanks, man. Saved us a lot of work.
as long as the FBI is investigating DJT, no SCOTUS nominee should be approved. PERIOD
His decisions on individuals vs corps reflect otherwise & it is worse than foolish to confirm while investigations underway.
You gotta believe a man with so much honor that he would accept a nomination stolen from a colleague over politics.
Irrelevant! Not his seat to fill. #StolenSeat
why would we believe that when the GOP is guided by personal beliefs they want to impose on others?
No vote on SCOTUS nominee from a WH under criminal investigation.  #Trumprussia
no confirmation until #TrumpRussia is investigated by an independent panel. #StolenSeat
How can you support a president as bat shit crazy as Trump? I voted for you, i will not make that mistake again.
I believe him.  But, a president under investigation should not be allowed to appoint a Supreme Court Justice.
And you believe him? His actions speak louder than words. Your support is one more reason I won’t vote for you again. 45069
Channeling my inner Maury. And the lie detector determined  ... that was a lie!
You are easily assured by R nominees (actually believed DeVos and Pruitt.) Wouldn't even hear Judge Garland. Hypocrisy
You seem to be reassured by a "trust me", but explain the case of the disabled student overturned and the truck driver case?
curious to know what Judge Gorsuch said in private that he would NOT say in the hearing
no confirmation until his FBI investigation is over. Oh and, you've been lied to
Trump said healthcare for all. Its all smoke and mirrors Rob. Whoever writes him the biggest check gets what they want.
Really? I guess it's all settled. Rob, point is Garland wasn't even given the courtesy of a vote. The GOP lacks integrity.
he is anti women and anti LGBTQ!  Don't vote for him!
A president under investigation should not appoint a Supreme Court judge, senator.
again those are words. No confirmation until trump investigation is concluded
Merrick Garland didn't even get a hearing. Never forget.
no on Gorsuch until Garland gets a vote.
No. I understand how conservatives want a far right judge but this is for lifetime. Moderate judge will get votes needed.
How do you know his personal beliefs? The man dodged every question!
And I bet you still believe DT is going to make America great again too.
Tell the internet service providers I want my network privacy
NO confirmation vote for Gorsuch! Start representing us for a change. Do your job!
Why would he start now?
what you seem to be missing is the 17 million dollars that got him there. #SCOTUS #SCis not 4sale ! You get it ?
Gorsuch has ruled for corporations rather than individuals.  We can see how he will vote if confirmed,  Vote NO.
Which part of the Frozen Trucker trial, where Gorsuch was the Only dissent, would make ur constituents believe that? @OHDems
Millions spent on ads for Gorsuch!? He told Al Franken he didn't know! NO until FBI says NO collusion! Lifetime appt!
@SenSherrodBrown He has told that to anyone who will listen.  Ohio supports him except for Mr Brown.  Dems slow for no reason
As long as it supports big business.
just like your President assured you he didn't collude with russia?  Gorsuch's record speaks for itself. #FilibusterGorsuch
NO SCOTUS TIL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION PROVES LEGITIMACY OF PRESIDENT #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS #CountryOverParty #whodoyourep
We'd like to be assured by you, but you keep ignoring us. Thought U cared abt #Ohioans??? #REALTownHallNOW #nobusinessasusual
Trump promised some stuff too and look how that's working out...  #ListenToYourConstituents #stopignoringus #REALTownHallNOW
and you believe the judge that chooses corporations over people. You should be ashamed
You miss the point. Again. The administration is under FBI investigation for collusion w/Putin. The process should be stayed.
you really are proud of violating the Constitution for political purposes, aren't you? #StolenSeat
I would delay the confirmation of any Trump nominees until after determining the extent of Russian shenanigans !
no he won't.. he's proven he believes corporations come before people
Although I urged @SenSherrodBrown to not filibuster, if Gorsuch is seated #SCOTUS will become illegitimate #StolenSeat
Why should Trump get a nomination when he's under investigation for ties with Russia and their involvement in our election?
Wouldn't Merrick Garland have done the same?
@CbusIndivisible Why should we believe you..or Gorsuch? You've ignored your constituents, Rob. This is your last term.
I too support Judge Garland
well that's just perfect.  I still STRONGLY urge you to vote no.
Law as written is troublesome. According to law as written in 1790s, slavery was legal and women had no rights
Given some of Gorsuch's rulings, as a human equipped with a vagina, I worry that Gorsuch is stuck in 1790's re: 
As it is written...this isn't 1776. If that's what he likes, he should go write a book.
all Trump agenda items should be ceased until the investigation is complete.  Also ask Nunes to recuse himself. #DoYourJob!
AKA saying anything to get job. We should not allow a "president" to nominate #SCOTUS justices while under FBI investigation
As it should be. If judges fail to rule on the laws, an unfairness is created and bad laws will never get changed.
Put this nomination on hold. When @POTUS cleared by FBI, begin again. NO CRIMINAL gets to fill @Scotus seat. Period.
No confirmation while the GOP is in collusion with Russia.
Should we be considering a nominee in the last year of a presidency? Shouldn't The People have a voice in who is chosen?
We need an #IndependentInvestigation of #Trumprussia now!
Sir, the courts' purpose is to interpret the law on a case-by-case basis. If easy as as-written, we wouldn't need a judiciary
well golly gee, I guess we're done here. Gorsuch ruled that a man should've risked his life to protect corporate property.
I have NO faith in that answer!
Nothing fair or lawful in confirmation of a criminal POTUS's SCOTUS nominee.
#InvestigateTreason
