#lasttermforRobPortman #RobPortmanisasellout #RobPortmanforsale. #RobPortmanisdishonest
What you hear is based on who you talk to, isn't it? Why not hear from all your constituents @senrobportman by holding a real townhall?
We need to MAGA!!
How do you hear these things?  You don't hold town hall meetings to actually hear what we have to say.
perhaps you should stay on the job and ease those burdens
If you had done your damn job to begin with, there would not be all these "burdensome regs." Suggest you just resign, get a real job.
When are you ever home?
You as the GOP have hellava lot bigger problems other than regulations, a traitor in the White House. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TraitorTrump
Yes, amen!
Well yeah because the only people you are talking to are the ones who line your pockets. Those are the ones "hurt" by "burdensome regs"
Do you ever hear about how we hate you and will replace you with a true republican who will support the president. #Obamacare #MAGA #Ohio
We have been asking for a #TownHall meeting so we can voice our concerns/ When will that occur?
Check out late 19th early 20th c industrial history Fascinating what de-reg looks like in practice- sm biz is 1 thing Cooperations another
really? we've been trying to talk to you about healthcare
Thank you Rob Portman for talking to your constituents.My Senator Marco Rubio refuses to talk to the ppl and even runs if recognized by them
All of your supporters support you because they are wealthy,they are gullible,they watch the bs on Fox News and can't think for themselves.
You might have selective hearing Senator.
Yeah, who cares if Cuyahoga River catches fire or if we can't breathe due to asthma.
What regulations are u referring 2? Getting tired of ur vague responses. And whom are u *hearing* things from? No town halls to speak of...
Also, I'm #notreallysure how #reform is possible if you keep placing people #withoutexperience in #positionsofpower and keep #cuttingexperts
I'd be interested to know which regulations they're speaking of that weren't created with health and safety in mind. #Cantselljustanything
When I'm at home, I see what unregulated businesses have done to the Chesapeake Bay.
You're also hearing how the ACA is killing people, literally and financially.  Do your job!  Repeal the ACA like you said you would!!
Regulations do not automatically cut jobs.
The thing is, I think you often hear about a lot of things, and you only respond or acknowledge a select few.
Who are you hearing this from? You refuse to do town halls with your constituents.
That's exactly why he doesn't deserve another term His town halls are in the offices of big banks corporations and insurance companies.
My $14,000 deductable and rediculous premiums would go away if you kept your promise and do what you have done in the past. #Repealobamacare
Regs are PROTECTIONS
Back home, 7 years of trickle-down economics and raiding of community $ have been the prime problems. Amid national recovery, Ohio struggles
Thank you, @DavidPepper
It will backfire! NO
Trickle down goes back to the 80s and Reaganomics. Salaries have not increased since then surely you look at history. #portmanforsale
That's pretty much because you only meet with people that already agree with you (i.e. Donors). When was your last town hall?
I hear about people who have poisoned by poor regulations. This isn't an either/or. We need both.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews How would you know, your phone is off the hook. Your a Democrat in GOP clothing.
The biggest problems I see in Ohio is Opioid addiction,deregulation,privatization and you siding with big business rather than us MrPortman!
Not the way I hear it Senator. Maybe you should concern yourself with your constituents rather than those buying you thoughts. #nottruthful
When's the Town Hall, Rob?
And how, exactly, did those regs come to be? Did you lazy asses in Congress write ambiguous laws & allow agencies to regulate w/o oversight?
The safety and health of the citizens of this country is #NOTentrylevelposition
Please hold an in person town hall meeting when you're home. I don't want to scream at you, but I want to ask follow ups. 45177
Without having even 1 townhall? Selective listening.... #complicit
Really? That's not what I hear around the dinner table. Try hanging out with others that are not business lobbyists.
#Ohio3rdinNationwithlostjobsnotgood
That's pretty funny… Because my husband and I could create jobs at our companies if we knew that the ACA was going to stay!
When I'm at home, regulations keep my water clean and air breathable.
Who are these phantom people? Does anyone talk about healthcare perchance? #saveourcare
Well, you only speak to corporations/donors that you choose, so your opinion is biased and uninformed. #ThisIsCorruption #ThisIsClassWar
Name these "regulations" instead of using stale talking points. Our lack of regulations has already created a second Gilded Age
Though I guess since it seems your only constituents are chambers of commerce and big business this would make sense.
Can you give some examples of regulations people want changed? Most regulations are there for a reason.
Have a #TownHall and hear from diverse voices not just business owners. #Listen #Learn #leadership
Sen. I respected you But your obsession to cut taxes by looting healthcare to the neediest Makes me realize I was wrong about your character
You might hear a few other things if you went through your staffers' lists about calls and letters, or didn't dodge some constituents.
You need to stop Trump and look into impeachment. He is giving us to Russia!!
Care to share? Just one example? Because in Texas the deregulated, business friendly environment led to nitrogen xplosions in neighborhoods.
You hear what you want to hear because you only talk to businesses and constituents of your choosing.
You come back to Ohio now do you?
Job creation is a consequence of business success. No one starts a company "to create jobs." They start a company to make money.
One of the biggest regs killing biz are those of the ACA. Repeal this overreach and free the market to explode healthcare quality!
How much do you hear about your betrayal on Obamacare
URA Gross Fraud.
Only cause those are the people you visit with. How about doing some work on healthcare
I doubt this very much. Considering how you hide from the citizens of Ohio
Yeah, burdensome regulations. Like safety, consumer protection, anti-monopoly, anti-pollution. So burdensome.
YEAH! That's why we need you to back full REPEAL. The Feds have no place in healthcare. Back it or we'll vote you and Kasich out. Lead!
Be careful what you deregulate, it could KILL us.
Regulations like paying taxes, providing living wages, and protections from harassment b/c race-creed-sex?
Trump is asking how to pardon himself and family. What will it take for you to grow a spine and stand up to him?
Well, take a deep breath, have a glass of clean water, and think about why regs are necessary.
DO NOT HURT THE #ENVIRONMENT BY CUTTUNG REGULATIONS  That does nothing but hurt #America and the #earth boo hoo Richie Rich
Sure, you hear it from the rich and from corporations, who want tax cuts and regulation cuts so they can balloon profits for themselves.
What voices do you hear? Even board your wife sits on says repeal will hurt millions #noBCRA stop & meet your constituents & hear us, not $$
But don't hear of houses burning down because of valid consumer product regs... they're regs for a reason. Think critically, @senrobportman
That's straight out of the Republicon playbook, repeal regulations to allow businesses to pollute, reduce safety, shaft workers. #immoral
If you really look when you visit, you'll see pollution from factory farms--need better regs--and lots of 'now hiring' signs.
Why are blocking my replies? //bit.ly/2rGpzt2
BS
When you're back home you avoid your constituents. That's burdensome, Senator.
You are not hearing them at town halls....
Like Obamacare!  Repeal it like you promised us!  This is preventing millions from good careers and in despair they turn to heroin!
Portman is such a suck ass. He and kasich are straight up embarrassing
You mean like Obamacare which you refuse to repeal! Time to repeal @senrobportman
That's because you only talk to Republicans back home. Your constituents are pretty focused on healthcare - hence the daily protests.
No you don't. You just don't want regulations in order to appease and create wealth for the corporations. You're in their back pocket.
PLEASE STOP THE REPEATED RHETORIC!!!  you NEVER say what regs... only playing to YOUR supporters- just like Trump!  More of us disagree w/U
You would also hear about our strong desire for #MedicareForAll if you bothered listening to the majority of us and not just your safe space
Let's have a discussion about your research - maybe at a town hall?
From who, Robert? Call me skeptical, but I doubt the multitude of calls & emails you get mention 'burdensome regs' with any regularity.
Sure you do. Because you only talk really people who you know agree with you. Talk to average Ohioans and you might hear another story.
Where do you hear those things? Can't be at town halls, cuz you don't have those.
When you cherry pick who you'll listen to, shutting off your actual constituents, I guess you "hear" whatever you want to.
Protip: If you actually listened to Ohioans you'd hear concerns about the opioid epidemic, racial injustice, healthcare, and education.
Yes to all of this!!!!
No, I think you hear about having a town hall so you can truly "hear" your constituents.
So cut their taxes drop all the regulations and watch them continue to ask employees to do more with less and pocket the gains.
Can we count on you for a no on stripping healthcare from millions?
Public town hall please? Your state is suffering and you're supposed to care. At least listen to us. #ProtectOurCare

Which means you only listen to big business. Why let clean air, water,and safety slow a business down? Now add no affordable healthcare
Which ones? Who is hurt? Please be specific. Vague claims help no one.
Which ones are most often cited?
That's because when you're "back home" you only talk to businesses instead of #Ohioans. Leave your donor zone every so often...
How exactly are you hearing from us?  Are you going to have any public town halls??
As a constituent small business owner, my biggest burden is affordable health insurance.  Medicare for all only math that works.
ask the people around Lake Erie about lack of water due to relaxed EPA regulations
Ok but please don't forget we also would like to keep our Lakes and rivers clean senator. Short term $ isn't worth the health of our water!
Which burdensome regs? Need specifics, otherwise this is nothing more than "fake news". How many jobs were not created due to regs?
Just imagine what you'd hear if you held a town hall when you were home #Coward
I have worked with small business owners my entire 30-yr career. Can tell u horror stories. And it keeps getting worse as govt keeps growing
Have positions open my company. However if Medicaid dies you need not apply. Vote to repeal hurts more than just those needing insurance.
When I owned my business it was greedy insurance giants that kept me down! Want to help? Hold them accountable!
Do you hear about how your constituents would like to have a town hall?
create jobs for robots and generate bonuses for management
Specifics? Please.
That's what you hear if you only talk to corporations. Have a real town hall and see what you hear. #healthcare #leadership
How about a town hall?? Then you might REALLY here what people want, instead of you going to your "select photo op" locations.
Hold a "real" town hall meeting as many of us have additional concerns we would like to share with you.
Because you only talk to corporate doners, and don't hold town halls.  We'd be happy to let you to let you know what we think hurts Ohioans.

I am old enough to remember when the Cuyahoga river was on fire.  Can you make sure that does not happen again?
You're awful

You're the Marco Rubio of the north
Well, if you would hold a town hall, you would heart how concerned WE are with the damage done to our planet by lifting those regulations
that's just not true! regulations keep us SAFE! Period!
Oh? Are your hearing about this through Messenger Pigeons?  U don't answer your phone or hold town halls. Let us know when you want to talk.
You're hanging out with the bigwigs, Rob.
VERY selective hearing.
Regulations that save lives and keep our air/water clean are needed; OSHA has resulted in fewer workplace deaths, and EPA lowers pollution.
To think I cheered for your reelection.  Calling on all citizens to work for TERM LIMITS!!  You don't deserve the honor to serve.
If by regs, you mean protections against businesses taking advantage of the people, I'll keep those regs thanks.
Not being able to afford healthcare is another reason Ohioans can't create businesses & jobs. ACA promotes entrepreneurship, BCRA does not.
.@indivisibledyt perhaps you should listen to average citizens more and industry reps less. Might change the conversation.
You hear a lot about healthcare too and how it affects us all, but you seem to be ignoring that
y'know what's burdening my design practice? Ongoing daily concern that you will vote me out of needed healthcare. It isn't a game to me.
How do you hear stuff from the people when you never have town halls ?
But they are keeping the water potable and air breathable.  And workers out of the ER.
Heard @ paid GOP fundraisers? BC IF you held town halls & asked constituents, #ProtectOurCare. #NoRepeal #NoBCRA is on their minds! #Listen
Can you be more specific about which regs.. because clean air & clean water are not job killers
Exactly. You always say regulations.  You never specify. You're rich enough to rise above much of the muck.   The rest of us aren't.
Then yawn and vote gopDC anyway
I hear about you not having town halls, selling out Ohio on healthcare, and misplacing your spine on Russian interference in our Democracy
Look quit watching CNN fake news u lack any original thought  from ur statement.
Rob works for polluters. Ohio has 2nd worst air quality, among the worst states for water offenses:
It is sad to see the pollution first hand.
Keep Obama care look for a new job
Have you heard about the how the regulations in Obamacare hurt physicians and their patients?
I think I've asked this before, and you have never posted an answer. Exactly which regulations are burdensome?
It depends who pays him the most....rob is the best senator money can buy.
I hear about healthcare and no tax cuts for Millionaires.
Vote no on MTP and no on trumpcare
The ability to pay reg is locking up R/E capital from being used for Small Business development wake up!
