Medicare for all. Save Planned Parenthood. THIS IS WHAT OHIOANS WANT.
not what the majority want
have a trial in Ohio though and tell us how that goes in 10 years
So in tune with women they can make our healthcare choices. Tell me, where do you get your pap smears?
a majority of women don't think they need the gov. Involved. Again, have a trial in Ohio if you think so
How about leaving ACA in place and fixing things. like that
Please don't get rid of #Obamacare until you have viable options. Insurance available to all is a must. Otherwise it's cruel.
uh, Aetna lied about dropping Obama care, yet you had 7 years to have plan, and nothing. Time for this Ohioans to vote blue
I'll be more interested in listening to a repeal drive if you explain what the replacement is going to be
at least they have insurance
As long as the "replace" part of the plan happens simultaneously with the "repeal" part, and it is better for all.
Every time u post this the vast majority of responses ask u to fix ACA vs repeal it. Do u care? Sure seems like u don't.
Has he responded ? No .  He does not care . Honorable politicians died along time ago . He's where he wants to be and has what he needs
Nope, no response but that doesn't stop me from trying. Called his office again. We have to use our voices.
Thank you for all your doing
glad I didn't vote for you.
Since no replacement is offered, what can be said to the 43,000 americans who will die every year as a result of repeal?
please dont repeal the ACA my mothers life and childrens depends on it. Fix it sure, repeal as an Ohio voter please dont
It would be reckless, and dangerous for your constituents to repeal when you have no replacement!
I do not support your plan to repeal the #ACA you will harm your constituents if you do so
We need a bipartisan solution. Work with democrats to improve. No repeal without a bipartisan bill.
The answer is not to REPEAL the Affordable Care Act, the answer is to AMEND it.
will probably go down to "0" when you pull the plug on ACA especially w no feasible alternative to replacement.
Lies
Are you going to take away my children's healthcare?  Cruel.  No plan has been offered up.  NO REPEAL without a better plan.
No repeal on the ACA.  It is working for our family. Improve. YOU have fab subsided care, shouldn't all Americans?
.@senrobportman ACA repeal + hiring freeze will significantly hurt veterans, overwhelm VA. What will you do about it? @IndivisibleOH5
yes, like Aetna??
Where's the plan??? One insurer is better than none. Why repeal before a new plan is in place??? Unacceptable!!!
pls schedule a town hall--give your constituents an opportunity to voice our opinions since you're supposed to represent us
How about letting the people see these alternatives first and have them ready before you do this #disgusted
How about you fix what's broken instead of blowing the whole thing up?
fix the ACA do not cut millions of Americans off
Instead, apparently you will be investigating voter fraud, b/c we all know you are a #partisantool
Why repeal and replace for 25% of counties? Seems like a radical move.
when is your next town meeting
I am glad I signed up for your tweets ... gives me a very clear window on your beliefs.  Now when it's time to vote I will be informed.
replace it with what?
people need 2 be involved in this monumental task how can you engage Ohioans in the process to expedite the change #obamacare
example of the problem #healthcare cost is a doctor visit w/ insurance costs $250 w/out insurance cost $75 #dealwiththecost
key word is replace. Ohio citizen here, and a gap in my coverage could mean my life. My daughter would not forget who voted.
Senator if the ACA fails it is on the entire GOP Congress' shoulders. It won't be Obamacare failed - it will be you failed.
#NoDAPL Support the @ArtsandCultures Stand up for me
You keep saying this...OK where is your plan? Talk is cheap!
just fix it to make it better.
Even our repub governor sees the benefit of the ACA for Ohio. His expansion of Medicaid has saved lives. What have you done?
.@senrobportman We need transparency in pricing. Received my Explanation of Benefits. One test for $238.00 was discounted to $23.00 . 1/2
.@senrobportman It would be cheaper to just pay the discounted amount than to pay for insurance. Stop predatory pricing 2/2
What are you doing for those of us here?How many companies have you tried to come here.Don't gloat.Fix the bad.Keep the good
How about the replacement plan first?
Fix the ACA's issues & slap a shiny new name on it. As long as it's better than the ACA nobody will care what it's called!
45,000 people a year will die because the ACA was repealed. The blood of those people is on the hands of Senate.
Then the fault is with the shitty greedy insurance companies that'd rather let people die and pay you off than take the pay cut themselves
@OHDems Sen Portman, how many Ohioans will you personally allow to die when they lose #ACA coverage? My patients depend on it
@OHDems  Repealing #ACA will leave ALL 88 Ohio counties without affordable options!
u & ur buddies better come up with a better plan, if u have one
must not repeal or replace. Improve if you have any ideas. Eight years later you have none. Very sad.
Where's the replacement, Senator? You guys keeps saying bigly and yuugly, and you've had 8 yrs for pete's sake!
Pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps? You blow this, people die. #cancersurvivor
YOU SOLD YOUR PEOPLE OUT...
1/4th of Ohio counties have like 10 people in them. You're the one that needs repealed and replaced. #SaveACA
Replacement is key. Thank you.
when will you have a town hall so we can talk about this
I want to keep ACA   fix it  dont repeal!  I am one of your constituents
That is the insurance companies fault.  A public option system would work. Offer us the same plan you can get!
........and replace. Not just repeal.
#RobPortman @senrobportman when will you replace? B4 repeal? #irresponsible
Don't need to repeal/replace #ACA for more choice. Amend to address issues. #RepealAndReplace is political #grandstanding.
So what? I thought you could buy ins. statewide. When you show us the replacement maybe then you can replace. An Ohio voter.
You have no plan! Don't screw over Ohioans!!!! We're begging you - our employee- not to do this!
instead of repeal and replace Congress needs to review and refine
Make sure it is NOT do repeal and delay or ignore. W/O healthcare people DIE.  Best choice is fix what you have, no repeal.
The lack of plans is b/c of Aetna pulling out for political reasons. The ACA is working even in Ohio.
Aetna lied about why it pulled out of Obamacare - it was political retribution for not letting it become a monopoly http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-aetna-obamacare-20170123-story.html …
One company is better than NONE.  Fix ACA.  Do not repeal.  You are scaring me.  From Columbus
how about offering ONE option rather than kicking millions off their healthcare with no plan to replace?
I am a 22 year old constituent and rely on the ACA. I cant afford to go without healthcare. How are you protecting us?
We, the public, are waiting to see the details of replacement. HSA & it'll be great doesn't cut it.
I'm pretty disappointed in your vote. Your written response to me state no repeal w/o replacement.
so let's give the ACA to the states?
why not give everyone same Heath care plan congress has? Single payer plan, pay%of income. Then fair  to everyone. 
Hasn't that been tried?
how is that due to ACA?  Would those counties be able to afford w/o subsidy?  
if you would have done your job, they wouldn't be in this situation. Explain anything you did to reduce premiums?
it REALLY is ok to fix it rather than repeal and (maybe) replace!  #partisantool
SHOW US THE CHOICES before you take insurance away from millions of Americans & coat many their lives. Don't repeal.
Put forth a solid replacement plan that takes care of all Americans before you repeal anything.
if repealed you own it! Would be better to fix what is not working. Use learnings to make effective.
U want more choices? Public Option gives +1 choice for everyone! But I'd prefer Healthcare to be treated as a right for all
Can you please just fix #ACA DO NOT REPEAL AND REPLACE. WE KNOW HOW THAT WORKS. #ACA has been great for our family.
replace with what? Specifically what?
let us join your insurance pool
Show us the plan!  Too many people depend on Obamacare.   Do not repeal without a plan.
Called office today senator!  How about fix the problem w/o repeal? You guaranteeing no one will lose  insurance are you?
what about this https://www.google.com/amp/www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-aetna-obamacare-20170123-story,amp.html?client=safari … seems Obamacare wasn't the issue
Be that as it may, it is irresponsible to repeal before a replacement is ready.
: What's your Plan?
.@senrobportman it's not the #ACA placing limits on competition. C'mon you're better than that. Improve clauses for small business.
are you going to listen to your constituents or just do whatever your repubs buddies do. People of Ohio want you to save ACA!
Do you even read the replies?  Cuz I do and don't see anyone saying "oh yeah, good job Rob Portman".
show us the replacement plan!  Oh, you don't have one.  DO NOT take away health care before you have a plan in place!
Regulations for insurance companies who were screwing consumers is a good thing. Fix the problems w/ ACA. Don't repeal.

Trumpcare is bad economics and abuse of taxpayers. More importantly, it is inhumane. http://thebea.st/2jnrznT  
OR offer a Single Payer/Medicare For All plan to lower costs..

Big crowd of Ohioans who wanted to talk with @senrobportman's staff today. Are you listening, Rob? #standindivisible #SaveACA https://twitter.com/District15Ohio/status/824004223792779266 …
work. They didn't work before the ACA & they won't work after. How can we believe anything you say?
no. You need to work on & fix what we have. You are going to leave people with preexisting conditions in pools that don't
he didn't answer you. he has no solution, you have no solution. he's bought and paid for and will do nothing for constituents
either you want to fix this, or you are as much of a corporate sell out as he is. Price should not be confirmed. he's dirty.
shows some spine, some ethics, and vote no.
repeal and replace with what???
As one of your constituents, I support working with Dems to improve the ACA. Less chaos that way.
Sir,you removed the clip re the high risk pools,which do not offer the accessible affordable coverage affordable due to caps.
It's the ACA. No repeal, people will die. Greedy insurance cos. are the problem, we all know it. Let's get honest.
Please do not repeal the ACA without a program that expands on its benefits.
Must fix and improve the #ACA for all Americans. Not repeal. 
Senator, where do you stand on the 2008 vote count?
Replace with what?? Still haven't heard a concrete plan to improve healthcare. Don't repeal UNLESS there is a replacement!
oh by the way it's the #ACA
This is no big deal to you. Your health plan is not in danger. Give up your plan til we all have coverage as good as yours.
or you could just amend instead of being going to all this trouble of appearing like you care by replacing.  Sad
You have no replacement, never have. Stop the madness.
If you're going to repeal, you should have a replacement lined up. Millions of Americans are counting on it.
I know you're not this stupid.
Your party has had years to get a plan together You have shown nothing. Be honest, you have no plan and don't want one
Leave Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid alone.  Many, many Ohioans depend on these programs.  Don't you agree?
Design the replacement first please.
Don't let the insurance companies make policy, keep framework of ACA, put in public option and incentives for competition.
WHO PUT A GAG ORDER ON EPA? NO TO XL PIPELINE WE NEED CLEAN WATER AND AIR EX FLINT WATER
NO TO XL PIPELINE AND ITS 18 JOBS AND NO TO PRICE
DO NOT EVER CONFIRM SESSIONS WTF IS PAYING FOR COMMERCIALS TO CONFIRM HIM?
It is irresponsible to repeal ACA unless you have a replacement ready to go. For the sake of Ohio do not vote to repeal!!!
Looks like whatever you call it .. #Obamacare is here to stay ! #ThanksObama
No Repeal!! Expand to Universal coverage for all!! Healthcare is a human right!!!
When your child had a headache, did you cut off their head first and attempt to find a solution later? Stupid approach.
What's your plan? I'll wait....
for the sake of millions covered by ACA please say Replace and Repeal. Words have meanings and a lapse in coverage = disaster
NO REPEAL PLEASE. I live in Ohio. It is working beautifully for my  family! Repeal and many of them wont have ANY ins!
ALTERNATIVELY you could make some changes to the ACA rather than throwing the whole system into flux.
You must rein in the little dictator in the White House before you start killing Americans by removing their insurance.
How about working with us to fix what we have, rather than starting over? Do your constituents know that ACA = ObamaCare?
Maybe we should start educating folks in #Ohio who want to keep #ACA, but want to ditch #ObamaCare? You'd be all for that, right?
You have no plan. So in the mean time, you strip this of insurance.
1 offering better than 0, sir.
Or just go with Single-payer and resolve the issue completely.
I would suggest a different approach to any changes in ACA by having qualified people run HHS. Not congressman Price!
fine...give us a plan and show us where it is better BEFORE defunding and repealing the ACA.
Senator, why is repeal and replace necessary? Why can't we just adapt the law? Identify and improve. That's my mantra.
Could have done that six years ago .. but more important to not give Obama any credit.
