And that's what repealing Obamacare would do. I called your office and you better do what you did in 2015 and NOT vote against repeal
How do you think rolling back medicaid expansion would not protect the most vulnerable among us?
Medicaid should not take care of able bodied working ppl. If anything able bodied will be transferred to a private insurer
There's plenty of able-bodied working people out there who can't pay their bills if they get sick. These people are vulnerable, too.
Yeah, but able bodied workers will be transferred peacefully to the free market insurance plan by joining a bind group
These people will not buy insurance. They can't afford it. They'll get sick, go to the ER, and the hospital will redistribute the cost.
Exactly. It is economically dumb to kick these people off the insurance they have. We don't have insurance they can afford.
That's because and the @AmerMedicalAssn warned about the creation of Medicare as being the beginning of socialized medicine
If you do not vote to #RepealObamacare NOW then premiums will continue to skyrocket and more people will lose coverage!
Jake, can you walk me through how that would work? I'd love to hear a different perspective.
Obamacare is what is causing the rise in premiums. So naturally the longer you wait to #RepealObamacare the more costs will go up.
My insurance premiums were much lower with the ACA than before!
Then you are in a very, very, very, and I do Mean Very small minority! Most people that I hear from say their plans went up big time!
Most people I know either stayed the same or they were actually able to get insurance because of pre-existing conditions. So it's been good
I don't want the government involved in my insurance I was fine with what I had before the joke ACA! REPEAL!!!
Just because you were fine doesn't mean others were.
I don't need the govt's help therefore let me buy my insurance on the open market. As of 2018 there are no more ins. co in ACA for me.
You can do that now. Contact insurance company or broker directly. No requirement to purchase from exchange.
Not true, I have an insurance agent.
I'll just leave this here.... 
Let companys pool together and shop across state lines
Rob "Benedict Arnold" Portman. No Democrat is ever going to vote for u. You're just back stabbing your base that voted for u. #BackStabber!
Cannot trust you. Fraud.
You have lost my vote. Your not a true Republican. You voted 18 months ago to repeal obama care now you won't. Pifft
Universal healthcare does all that
The gop plan doesn't do this.  Especially not repeal only.
Americans didn't vote for Trump they voted for change. So choose and change ur attitude-work with Dems to fix ACA. All talk no action.
And congress must have the same coverage as the rest of America. No special treatment.
There is 535 people who should be held accountable for Obama care,over regulations,and the downfall of America, Portman is one of these.
And if the GOP has a plan that does that- sign me up. Until then, work to improve the ACA or admit single-payer is something we need.
Can you assure us you know what you're voting for? http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/343553-unhappy-senators-complain-about-healthcare-process … #mysterybill
Once Upon The Hill, bad health care bill.It stripped away coverage from those needing it most,leaving millions uninsured from coast to coast
Medicare for all.
That's why ACA needs to be repealed,PERIOD! Our government should not be in the health care business. Just stop
Thank you, @senrobportman
People of Ohio you should vote @senrobportman out of office. He promised to #RepealObamacare and now he is going back on his word.
@senrobportman promised to work for Ohio and the interests of it citizens. Thanks again, Senator, for putting people over party.
Thank you for standing up for common sense. Repeal alone is irresponsible. We need a bipartisan solution.
Provide AFFORDABLE access TO ALL CITIZENS for quality care
Ok, best and fastest way is medcare for all.
This is not the federal government's job (10th amendment). The best way to do this is to repeal O-care & let the states manage health care.
Not every problem needs a giant, expensive, one-size-fits-all, government program created by egotistical politicians to fix it.
At this point a full repeal will only cause premiums to soar b/c the mandate will be lifted. We can't afford a repeal w/out a replacement!
Premiums are soaring today despite the mandate. Premiums go up when costs go up & the repeal would also eliminate cost drivers in the ACA.
Not true. Premium growth under the ACA is much lower than when Bush was in office. Nice try tho!
No repeal without a replacement plan that protects Ohioans. Improve the ACA or come up with something better before repealing.
Thank you, Senator.
Whatever happened to make a campaign promise, keep your campaign promise?  Repeal Obamacare.
Senator, you are a total politician in the WORST sense of the word. Easy to vote yes when there's no chance of it being signed into law!
If you do not vote to #RepealObamacare then you must want Obamacare to remain the law of the land!! You are a traitor!
Traitor? Really? He is representing his constituents, & they live in OH. OH relies heavily on Medicaid & needs $$ to fight opioid addiction.
Anything less then full repeal, will be a betrayal of those who voted for you! Don't follow in Kasich footsteps. He is not liked by many R!
No more getting rich of other's misfortune, Rob.
You need to do your job and, vote to repeal Obamacare. I'm a Ohio resident and, I promise you, I will remember your NO vote.  You conned us!
#bipartisan #Healthcare Work together.
Wrote him earlier this week. I'd have no health ins. w/o Obamacare. Illness can hit anyone, anytime.
Stop messing with people's lives! Universal healthcare now! If Cuba cam do it, what is our excuse?
Just commit to catastrophic coverage for everyone and send Medicaid money from each state back to the same states to do what they want.
abandon repeal. Reject the administration's #Obamacare sabotage,let's find bipartisan solutions. -Worthington, OH resident.
in order to cut wealthy's taxes $7.9 TRILLION, need to cut MEDICARE, medicaid and food stamps. See GOP budget.  http://a.msn.com/01/en-us/AAoqWuM?ocid=st … …
Please stand w/
rural ppl/hospitals
Medicaid patients
those w/ pre-existing conditions &
those over 50!!
We need to lower the cost of coverage, provide access to quality care, & protect the most vulnerable among us: http://bit.ly/2tcTjOI 
Reign in insurance companies. Make them give us reasonable insurance that Drs will accept. They have big $$ like"Nationwide" arena?
You are a liar Trumpcare & anyone who votes for it is an abomination Demand single payer Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices
We want what @POTUS ran on. Better coverage for all at a lower cost without cutting Medicaid or Medicare. Will this bill deliver that?
You need to be voted out. Don't be shocked when you're voted out.
74% want you to work with Democrats on this. Will you?
NEW! @FoxNews #Poll 74% want GOP to reach out to Dems on #healthcare MORE: http://fxn.ws/2uJTLrS  
Russian spy in the White House, maybe the GOP should looks more closely.  When he fires Mueller and Rosenstein, impeachment proceedings?
Medicare for all.  Continue to vote no on the GOP harmful health bill. Don't throw the most vulnerable under the bus.
Ohio has the problems it has because the insurance companies have undermined Obamacare. Fight for Ohioians, please.
Yes. And I like the order in which you said it. Pls push Fed to pay insurers, collect the tax, and advertise ACA. These are LIVES, not votes
In order to do that YOU NEED TO START WITH A REPEAL!
HOW do you plan to do that? Getting an industry to lower prices requires government regulation. You always vote against that.
so IMPROVE the ACA...do not say yes to the new heartless GOP 'health' care bill
23 million not covered. SHAME for even THINKING approving it
Don't repel Obamacare until you have something better like want most of Europe has and Canada
Yes...fix the ACA. Or go to single payer system.
Obamacare would do that if it hadn't been undermined at every turn. #disappionted
Can you people in Washington just do the right thing. Stop lying, One payer!
You need 2 REPEAL Ocare & allow private sector 2 take over! That means get t Gov OUT OF R HC! Costs will go down with competition!
your inability to pass a bill after 7 years very disappointing. Time for new Leadership.
Please stand strong, don't be bullied, and do what is best for your constituents. Work on fixing ACA. Together we stand. Bipartisan
Senator...I respect you and your office.
I am a school bus driver! 
I know this is about 2 Bills 
TAX CUT and ACA .
NO TAX CUT TO UNFUND ACA
So that's a no on repealing and replacing, leaving 32 MILLION uninsured?
You need to vote period.
Start focusing on REDUCING healthcare costs! Propose bill to outlaw Pharma consumer advertising like we did with cigarettes=Lower drug cost
It can be done! Full repeal of Obamacare and replace with the free market
New report says government could provide healthcare for every American for lower cost than current Medicare/Medicaid budget.
Repeal Obamacare now.  Replacing w/ free market health-care will achieve all your goals. @AAPSonline
A no vote on the repeal goes against the promises republicans have made!! The 2016 election showed you what the people want!
All you have to do is get government out of the health care business, where is that in the constitution?
Remember this?  ......
You voted for Ocare repeal in 15. Hasn't gotten better. Why do u prefer govt controlled medicine to private sector that made it great?
Translation: I knew Obama wouldn't sign bill to repeal so I just voted so I can stay in power. Never intended to vote to repeal.
Single payer now! Please give us the great healthcare coverage the rest of the industrialized world has.
How about getting the government out of the health care industry. Completely. Thanks -your constituent
Glad you're not falling for DJT's pressure!  "Repeal and replace" is a chant that can destroy our healthcare and your party.  Stand strong!
Make it affordable for all. Our costs are skyrocketing. Find a plan like the rest of the world. Clearly it can be done.
Senator Portman. You are too blinded by the forest to see the trees. You just sealed your political fate. Hope it was worth it
Please hold the line and stop the harmful cuts of #Medicaid for the #Disabled.  Everyone knows this is wrong except the President it seems
A repeal of the ACA leaves over 32 million w/o insurance. We will remember those who'd take our healthcare.
So, single payer?
Please look into @FreeMarketMed, @AAPSonline & @D4PC   The free market can accomplish this. Trust us.
I'm glad for this. Thank you! Very much! But, next time, maybe, come out ahead of your colleagues.We Ohioans want to be leaders.
Get to work then- negotiate- get it done!
No, you need to repeal Obamacare
puleeze stop the charade you are not a good actor
Then repeal Obamacare!!!
Providing access is not the same as people having coverage, many GOP will say someone has access even though it is 50% of their income.
Repeal the ACA and get this monkey off of the economy back and then work on free market solutions #capitalism
Just do it
Which means not supporting the Senate plan.
Thanks for finally getting on the side of Ohioans.
You had the chance—but the plan that you and 12 other senators came up with didn't do any of that...
#SinglePayer is the answer, Senator!  It's fiscally responsible too!  Just ask @SPANOhio. It's what Americans want & deserve.
No, we need single payer
Wholeheartedly agree..., so y r u so steadfast in opposing legislation that would do precisely that?  This 8 year pace is not reassuring.
The government needs to get completely out of medical insurance? The government cannot run the entitlement program's they already have!
Senator, how is it the governments job to price control, to provide "quality" care?  Protect the most vulnerable I might give you. #repeal
So vote for clean repeal just like you did in 2015
Just change your "R" to a "D" its clear you're with them.
repeal is not the way to provide access to quality care.@this. The worst of the worst, and this is what Trump calls winning?
No kidding. So fix the ACA.
If you vote to repeal, millions will lose coverage. Fix what's in place. Ppl will die if you repeal the ACA. Show moral leadership.
Don't tell me "what".  I know that.  Tell me "how".
HE'S BAAACK! With nothing very new. Stand your ground. Protect Ohio. Vote "NO" on proceeding with Trump's "mean" healthcare bill.
Throwing people off insurance isn't lowering cost. Access is meaningless if not affordable. Cutting Medicare doesn't protect the vulnerable
Please don't tell us you're going to go along with the Donald Trump mandate to pass this atrocious Healthcare bill. Real lives are at stake.
Make sure you vote for each of those equally
Well get off you a.. and get to work!  Saying no is not a solution.  #Ocaresufferer
From family that works and provides, why are you always voting for the do nothings and takers.  You are a no vote for me
Call @senrobportman 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first& last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns #Trumpcare
32,000 uninsured by your new plan. Want lower costs, Universal Healthcare. Or give us your healthcare.
Why does congress exempt themselves from the healthcare bill that they wish to force upon their constituents?
Portman, a SHOW voter.  When the vote counts become a Democrat.
We need to put his family on Obamacare.
If YOU had Obamacare you would Repeal FIRST.  Then REPLACE.
and so far the GOP proposed plans have not done this.
Repeal (period)
That ain't gonna happen with Trumpcare.
Remember that when McConnell has you vote next week.
the moment. Shame on you.
Please look at CBO score.  If you vote anywhere close to yes on this repeal replace, repeal delay, or whatever it is you're calling it at
Do NOT repeal. Fix the ACA.
So cross the aisle & collaborate with your colleagues & figure out how to fix it. Just repealing it will harm many Ohioans. Put Ohioans 1st.
If the value free market isn't obvious to you then you need to go to the correct political party. Stop being a phony and liar.
Agreed . Work on the ACA to do just that
Medicare for all!
Senators Portman, Collins, Murkowski, Capito Paul. Shameful and clearly against the will of our people not to let the ACA come to vote.
#repeal
READ YOUR FACEBOOK COMMENTS! IT WILL GIVE YOU A CLUE AS TO WHAT YOUR CONSTITUENTS REALLY WANT! CONSUMER PROTECTION!
This one is one of the rotating tweets the bot sends out 1-2x per week
Single payer please. It's the fairest solution for all.
When it didn't count, you voted to repeal it. Well, now it's finally going to count, so vor to repeal it! Or are you a hypocrite?
#Medicareforall would handle all 3 of those items, and then some.
Lower costs, provide access and protect the most vulnerable like Congress did with the Veteran's Administration? #handsoffmyhealthcare
Keep the ACA....all the Republican "health care" plans benefit the rich. All Ohioan, unlike you, Mr. Portman are NOT rich. Think!
So how does cancelling the health insurance of millions of Americans accomplish that?
Stop with the vague rhetoric. Be REALLY bipartisan and do the hard work to FIX ACA. VOTE NO on repeal without replacement. We're watching!
According to 2015 @senrobportman this bill was repeal and replace...and he voted for it. #KeepYourPromise
Support 2015 #Obamacare Repeal bill that you voted against  in 2015.
Quit trying to control it and the #market will lower prices and take care of the problems you mention. You sound like the socialists.
Trump won Ohio. It is your obligation to represent the majority of Ohio voters who voted for him.
Republicans have a majority in all 3 branches. If Congress can't get the Rep agenda passed now it will never happen. Do your job!!
Repealing Obamacare would do that! You were for it before, why are you against it now? You baited and switched!
Senator Portman I voted for you but will not again unless you work with Potus to either repeal or repeal and replace Obamacare.
What a joke. You had a chance. You are a huge disappointment. You should join th democrat party. They live entitlements as much as you do.
We will protect them from re-electing you
You need to get OUT of private markets. Don't you believe in capitalism? You can talk handouts for folks after you REPEAL the ACA!
Yes, please bipartisan work.
Repeal now & replace w new program
Fight to good fight and Ohioans will support you, don't give in
And you can't get that by giving a tax break to the super wealthy.
To GOP pro repeal Senators: Taxpayers should repeal your salary/benefits/perks for 2 yrs. We will then let u know what u will get. Deal?
Ask a doctor.  We can help.  Fix the ACA. The fix is reigning in insurance companies and drug prices.  That is the start then we progress
Yes.   This is a moral issue.   It is a patriotic issue.  Why do republicans want to take coverage from people?   It seems in American
But are you going to honestly fight for that? Lives are on the line
Please work with Democrats and Republicans to fix the ACA. Please vote NO on proceed next week. Millions of people count on you.
That pretty much rules out the entire GOP playbook. Are you registering as an Independent now?
We will make sure you don't get elected again if you drop the ball on this! Do your job or you won't have one the next time around!
Please vote NO on proceed next week. We need to fix the ACA. Please save lives like mine. Moral courage.
And do it in a bipartisan way, not behind closed doors without listening to those it will affect the most.
So you had seven years to plan and you had no plan. It's easy to complain. When you have to produce, you produced failure.
"access" that is not even remotely affordable is not access. Please remember the little people you represent. We need you
You need to repeal and return power to the States! Keep the Feds out of our pockets! You will loose my vote!
We'll hold you to your words Senator. You do mean access to "everybody" don't you?
We need to #FixTheACA.
Period.
No repeal.
No replace.
#NoBCRA
#HealNotRepeal
Exactly. Work with Dems to FIX the ACA. Tell Trump he can call it Trumpcare once it's fixed.
Great platitudes. How do you propose we accomplish them? You need to get off the sideline and do your job!
Cost of health care would drop dramatically if it didn't include making insurance co. middlemen obscenely rich. #SinglePayer
It would go down even further and access to newer/better meds would go up if prices were negotiated fairly with drug companies.
Thank you many times over for not supporting a straight repeal of the ACA.
The new healthcare bill will be worse please do not vote yes for this atrocity

And so you want to eliminate protections for preexisting conditions and allow lifetime coverage limits?  I'm confused: how does that help?
I love the smell of Russian bots in the morning.
Over 70% of Americans want a bipartisan solution. LISTEN to the American people. Fund CSR's/other comps, provide public option. FIX it!
I had great coverage through my employer. Trying to cover people who don't work seems like #freelunch to me. Everything was great until ACA.
Rob Portman, don't just talk about it, do it.  And don't you dare think about Summer recess without having a 'fix' in place.
So sad to hear people who are able to take care of themselves be so callous about less fortunate people who cannot.
DO vote against repeal until a fair bill is available to replace. Repeal=people with no coverage=unhappy voters! Take time do it right
We need to be left alone. We already protect the most vulnerable. Get your hands out of my pockets.
We need to standardize cost-of-care. EKGs shouldn't cost 1 person $900 and another $250. The same goes for RXs too. This is root cause stuff
By just eliminating the ACA?  Enough is enough. All of govt. has to work together. Stop voting your part and start voting for us. Watching.
I support #Obamacare.
How about the middle class that builds america? Our premiums have tripled and you vote against repeal. Your a wolf in sheep's clothing sir
Are you going to vote..yes or no, on repeal and not replace? I know it's a tough question..but we would like to know.
Protect our right to have equal access to #healthcare . don't believe that my neighbors wish us ill.
You really must not want to win reelection in 20. You are screwing us so bad. When are you going to stick up for all of us instead of party?
Then fix it senator! Nobody wants a full repeal without a replacement that works for everyone. #Fixitdontnixit
I hope you are talking about me. I am self employed, my husband works, we are "poor", we don't want the insurance we had b4 #Obamacare
