The total number of long-term jobs for this travesty is 50. FIFTY
ask the people in Saskatchewan about pipelines. Stop being a servant of the oil companies!!!
how many new American jobs, how long will they have the jobs and what impact will it have on the environment if a leak occurs
how about investing in solar energy that supplies jobs to over 370,000 people and eliminating our reliance on foreign oil?
Please make sure that pipelines cannot leak into drinking water like happens too often -- move the pipeline, Thanks
Investing in clean energy would also boost our energy security without endangering drinking water. #NoKeystoneXL
ALTERNATIVE FACT ALERT thousands = about 40.
btw, solar employs more people than coal, oil, and gas combined.
now that Trump is 'divested' the FL   Mar-a-Lago  the club doubles their fees.....SCAM    how can a prez do this?
really, thousands, whose kool aid are u drinkin?
why spend money on the energy past? Focus on future: #solar #wind #storage
Remember the voices of the people will be heard!  Human lives mean more than money!  Support the people, not Trump!
You're delusional. We need alternative energy sources. CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL #NoDAPL & #NoKXL Listen to @SenSanders
Explain how this does either? Sure temp jobs will be created but its a lie to act like those will last
very disappointed in you and your support of the XL pipeline. Sad and weak.
Smoke and mirrors. This project will only create temporary, low-skill jobs, and not jobs for Ohioans.
3,900 construction jobs if built in 1 yr, 1,950 if built over two yrs. APPROX 35 FULL TIME JOBS AFTER COMPLETION.
This is a disgrace. Risk to environment not worth it. But hey, trump stock in this went up and that's what matters, right?
No! Zero impact for Ohio! And a disgrace to our nation. You've not been asked to serve yourself, you serve us! Listen
So you will personally pay to have the water cleaned up after the inevitable leak correct?
and sad for our environment
When you never get a single positive response to tweets, ever think maybe you're not successfully repping your constituents?
Ohioans want to invest in renewable energy, not giant pipelines that put American communities at risk of spillage.
congrats on the temporary 2 year maximum boost of false employment numbers and no real reduction to cost of fuel here.
35 well paying jobs
At what cost? Endangering our water supply? For temporary jobs?
a shame you didn't have the guts to support him he is the people's president and champion
Who among u will pay 2 clean the water after spills? Does clean water not matter bcz u don't live above a black snake?
I officially regret voting for you. Wont make that mistake again.
temporary jobs are not "jobs" that count!
This pipeline is dangerous and violates Native Americans' rights! It must be stopped! Stand up for people, not Trump!
.@senrobportman @POTUS as your constituent I am largely disappointed with your endorsement of Keystone and DAPL. Irresponsible and shameful.
.@senrobportman http://www.businessinsider.com/a-canadian-oil-pipeline-leaked-more-than-50000-gallons-of-oil-on-aboriginal-land-2017-1 … You tweet about a new zoo animal. What about massive deforestation, oil leaks, climate change?
.@senrobportman http://kimt.com/2017/01/25/pipeline-leak-in-north-iowa/ … One big reason why we don't need more pipelines. Invest in renewables--not more harmful fossil fuels
Whose pocket are you in to be supporting #KeystoneXL ?
disappointed that you're pleased. Support protection of land we gave them & get to work on renewables. #notakebacks
Short term jobs at the expense of the environment. I'm on the market now and I wouldn't take such a job. #NoDAPL
NOT happy to see our environment polluted so rich can get richer. #cantbreathemoney #MakeAmericaSickAgain
@NoDAPL @senrobportman You are not representing
please examine @POTUS conflicts of interest and environmental dangers before supporting this.
so highly disappointed that you represent Ohio and agree with this issue
while destroying the environment. Please don't let jobs lead you by the nose.
The environmental risks are not worth this benefit. As a Toledoan, remembering 5 days w/o water was terrifying.
And steal from the sovereign native communities and poison people and destroy sacred land. Yay! Abuse of power, you must love it.
no:(
It's all about the Benjamins. 
Mother Earth wifi extract her vengeance if we keep destroying her. #StandWithStandingRock
Too bad we can't find out what EPA thinks about this.
#Keystone is a disaster. Our native people own that land. Trump has conflicts of interest. Stop this!!!
terrible! Absolutely terrifying that you support this. This cannot be allowed.portman signs your resignation letter.
America is already secure with energy. How long do those jobs last?? How does this help Ohio?? #constituent
short term jobs, long term pollution from tar sands. Also in competition with U.S. oil interests. SAD
so SAD That you support this!!! I will remember this next term
Mr Portman, please show factual concrete evidence of the pros and cons.  Students in Ohio, asked to show evidence, u2!
Thinking of short term gains and ignoring long term damage is not proper governing. I oppose the pipelines.
I can't believe you are a proudly admitting this. You are bought and paid for scum
not true...few jobs and USA is not getting this oil.  Big oil is only one benefitting...
how do you feel about his position on TPP?
Really? How many Ohio jobs does this create? You work for us.
yeah screw the Indians and the environment, right Robbie?
what about the risk of oil spills that is inherent with every pipeline? Why not expand funding for clean energy?
AND NO TO PRICE
DO NOT EVER CONFIRM SESSIONS WTF IS PAYING FOR COMMERCIALS TO CONFIRM HIM?
I suppose since the Koch Bros bought you your Senate seat you have to support destroying the planet. #NoKXL #Indivisible
This endangers water on sacred lands. Would you allow this in your own back yard? I'm disgusted.
So you're pro poisoning Americans' drinking water? Great.

Trump says making products in the U.S. is "gonna be cheaper." Economists disagree.
http://wapo.st/2jmNuvn 
35 jobs if you don't count the clean-up crews and journalists paid to cover up the leaks.
as a constituent, I am ashamed u support this since it enables big companies to harm #climate and #NativeAmerican h2o
so very disappointed in you.
the people do not support this and we will fight against it.
disappointed in your stance, Senator. The creation of jobs is not worth the potential poisoning of the water supply.
With respect, may you both be out of a job as soon as possible.
I am going to hold you to that. I am expecting many new jobs created because of this.
if we ruin the earth for our great grand kids, what good are those few jobs?
how does #KeystonePipeline benefit ohioans? Climate change is real.
It will also create contaminated water supplies. Pat yourself on the back, Senator.
Most of those jobs on #Keystone are brief-not long lasting. In the context of the U.S. economy-impact barely a ripple.
how many jobs long term ?  ae we using REAL FACTS or 'alternative facts'
As one of your constituents, I do not support this. More job potential in the renewable energy http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-solar-power-employs-more-people-more-oil-coal-gas-combined-donald-trump-green-energy-fossil-fuels-a7541971.html …
Now to revisit the epa so that we can upgrade & build new refineries w/o regs killing industry.
this endangers human life and violates treaties, this is beyond sad, please stop. #NoDAPL
POTUS does not have a mandate to ruin the planet. His main appeal was for jobs. Is he bringing coal back?
all you Worthless career tax mooching politicians should take notes on how @realDonaldTrump is taking care of America
well environmental cleanup pays well.
Money and power won't save our grandchildren when there is no clean water or air.
no
Little benefit to Ohio. Lots of risk. Air pollution and climate change know no borders.
do you know Trump owns stock in Dakota drilling company. In line to make millions. Shame on you COWARD
Disgraceful. As a constituent, I am deeply disappointed in your support of this project. 6 years is a long time but we will not forget this.
And make his family and friends money, ruin the environment and possibly poison people's drinking water. Details, details.
are you serious? This is AWFUL for America and the environment.

The "America First" president, signs executive order giving Keystone XL, a Canadian company, the first major US infrastructure project. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/823950814163140609 …
This is just plain sad and disgusting.  Ashamed to have you as our senator.
Yeah right.. lets destroy our planet. You have kids don't your Senator who will call this planet a home?
.@senrobportman Science understands that burning coal, gas & oil is rapidly warming the Earth. Let's grow the renewable energy sector!
So glad you promised to protect natural resources last week & this week you break that promise.  Do you care about us?
@myeucatastrophe Very disappointed in your support of this, undermines the wellbeing of our community - people and earth.
Only a dozen permanent jobs. Destruction to Environment. Send Koch brothers packing. Stand up for America not $$$$
This is a disgrace.
willing to risk our environment instead of invest in a better way. Unfortunate but not surprising.
Can you provide some statistics on projected failure rates for this project? I will, if you don't. Teaser: it's bad.
Greater energy security? How? From Canada? Do you not think they'll retaliate when you lot dissolve NAFTA?
Big oil > the people/environment, apparently.
Destroy the environment for only a couple permanent jobs...not to mention people are overwhelmingly against it.
You can either be for pipelines OR for protecting our natural resources (Great lakes) like you tweeted,but you cant be both #wearewatching
Your constituents are speaking.  Listen.
ZERO impact on Ohio. Why would you support this. The future is solar and electricity. The past was fossil fuel and coal.
if you want energy security you need to support renewable energy sources. FFS we're getting left behind by China and others.
Short-sighted to proceed.  Instead of continue to tely on fossil fuels, why not invest in clean renewable energy?
Terrible. Just a complete ignorance of the history of pipelines.
You represent me and I couldn't be more opposed to this pointless pipeline. Don't invest in 19th century jobs in the 21st.
The Dakota Access Pipeline must be stopped. It is immoral and unethical. I stand with Standing Rock. #NoDAPL

#SwampCabinet rally at @robportman office in #Cincinnati @MoveOn 

.@IndivisibleTeam someone who is there said there are at least 50 people outside @senrobportman's Cleveland office right now 
...and to do so while violating Native Americans' sovereignity. Shameful, greedy white men!
short-term money goals won't give us an Earth capable of sustaining life. For shame, Senator!
The environment, clean air, clean water, global warming. Jobs that create renewable energy are the future of Ohio.
horrible idea with horrible consequences! #WhatAreYouThinking? #LittleMenLittleIdeas #StandingRock #Nevertrump
Sen. this seems shortsighted. I don't have answers but I know this is not it.
#LoserPOTUS wrong again. About a thousand jobs constructing, less than 100 long-term jobs! "Jobs Program"? Phooey!
xl would create about 50 f/t jobs good thing your in big oil pockets because your not that bright
make an amendment that makes it illegal to export that oil then
#NoDAPL This is a huge environmental risk!
You can not drink oil, pipelines or profits. You must drink fresh clean potable water!! #nokeystone
you want energy security then fund wind, solar, ocean wave, and geothermal infrastructure and research.
Senator Portman welcome to the Information Age & the majority of people hate what Trump is doing. Remember that.
Maybe Ohioans can get jobs cleaning up the inevitable spills. Global warming could mean tropical resorts on the shores of Lake Erie. Jobs!
Oil pipelines inevitably lead to poisoning our fresh water supplies that are necessary to live as a human being.
actually help this country. Not this bullshit. You have no mandate!
Via Time: Flint's water crisis still isn't over. Here's where things stand a year later http://ti.me/2iliTiZ  @CornellWBrooks
why don't you put people to work in Flint Michigan by fixing their pipes and giving them CLEAN WATER! That would
...and the Dakota Access...where do you stand?
so now you are praising temporary jobs? Why did you oppose Obama for the same thing? #partisantool
WRONG  “The proposed Project would generate app. 50 jobs during operations,” http://www.factcheck.org/2014/03/pipeline-primer/ … @factcheckdotorg
I look forward to seeing the protests by Trump-supporting Nebraskans re: Keystone. You are a hack.
of big money. Koch brothers lackey, NRA lackey, Trump lackey. We aren't taking it any longer.

How many permanent jobs will Keystone XL Pipeline create? According to a gov't report, @PunditFact finds 35 http://bit.ly/1dF03og 
35 jobs?  oh thank u so much for the work, govt & Big Oil.
this is typical Trump. All flash on the outside, no actual substance.
real jobs would be in renewables & alternative energy. That will last for our children. That you are determining to
to the environment & clean drinking water for people in this country. This pipeline helps Canada more than it helps us
u know that this created short term jobs & not that many when crude is not expected to get over $60. This is a threat
how many jobs and with what proof - all to violate treaty's  & damage drinking H20 - would they be worth it?
How long are these jobs expected to last?  Will this create financial stability for communities?
This endangers human survival on Earth;Donald Trump profits financially. STAND AGAINST THIS, Senator. You work for me.
Not true. He divested his interests last summer.
NoDAPL
#alternatefacts Lies!
