please do so only by calling for an independent investigation. Your voice matters, senator.
You can thank Comey by making sure Trump doesn't install a puppet in his place, and by pushing for an independent investigation of Russia.
Where do you stand on the need for a special prosecutor for Russian interference in US election? We need to know!
Why not demand his job back then?  You should have never voted for sessions or DeVos.  Start doing the right thing.#countryoverparty
And I would like you to honor his service by making sure an independent prosecutor is appointed
#coward #parrotthepartyline it should make you sad that #trumpisyourlegacy all you will be remebered for
How can you sit by while Russia works to undermine and weaken our democracy? Demand a #SpecialCounsel to head an independent investigation.
You're worried about trust in the FBI, but nobody has trust in a single GOP elected official. You're not concerned about THAT?
Here's where you call for an independent investigation & stand up for America. Because if you don't, you're just as guilty in the cover-up.
Please move for a special prosecutor to look into Russian ties. We need an independent investigation now more than ever.
Look at you still passive aggressively tweeting your defiance to Twitler.
please join those calling for independent special prosecutor. This is vital.
Best way to thank Comey is to support a vigorous and independent investigation of Trump's financial and political connections to Russia.
now get a special prosecutor to handle the Russian investigation
And failing to do his job, as well?
I share your concerns about timing & urge you to defend the legislature's credibility by calling for a special prosecutor
Treason is afoot. Do more, sir. https://travelingpoet.net/2017/05/12/the-optics-of-trumps-january-27th/ … #18days
Kissassing?
Come on, you know the right thing to do!
When are you going to support an independent #SpecialProsecutor?  You can either stand in front and lead continue to be a party puppet
Yes, but that's not enough. He needs to testify!
Nice sentiment, Sen Portman, but are you better than being one of Trump's "craven Republican enablers?"  Time for an Independent counsel?
Now go find out what he knows about Trump and Russia! Do your job!
why do people scream about so called ties to Russia, bit Hillary gets a free pass?
Well then... make sure his successor isn't a stooge. At what point are YOU going to stand up against the clown in the WH? He's NOT your boss
Please represent your voters and demand an independent investigation!!!
When do we get to salute our new leader.... Putin. This administration is a disgrace. You have done nothing to stop Trump.
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862387785096941568 …
Aw, that's nice. We're tired of your meaningless words. Trump appears to be a threat to US democracy and you and your party r colluding.
I'm sure u do he's the reason YOUR president is in office. Do yr job Russians in WH
You should move for a special prosecutor and you know it.
Thank him by standing up to the bully Trump,and appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Russia's infiltration in our WH. Defend our USA!
it seems you are starting to see the light here. Please stand up for the principles of justice and speak up and call for an ind counsel.
A senator of integrity would ask for a true independent investigation.
Special committee and prosecutor now!  Stand up for the country!
It disapoints me the way your party is turning a blind eye towards the president's attacks on our institutions.
You represent us. We demand an independent investigator.
We have faith in the FBI... It's the White House we don't trust!
One great way to honor his service would be to insure an independent investigation takes place. You must speak up for that.
You can do that by asking for a special prosecutor to conduct an independent investigation into Trump-Russia ties
Please protect the integrity of our elections by demanding an independent investigation
will you defend the USA or bow to emperor trump the russian asset?
the ruskies are laughing.
GOP Party of Reagan
now Party of #CommieLovers!
You really are a Putz ! What does he have on you ? I wonder
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.38
Great, but time to call for an INDEPENDENT investigation. As Americans, we all deserve to know the truth here.
#SpecialProsecutorNow
How about you serve our country and so your fucking job!
Please insist on an independent investigation into Russia.  This is too important for partisanship!  Thank You for your service as well
You could always do that by making sure justice is actually served and push to actually investigate Trump?
I thank him as well but will you support an independent investigation
I want you to do something about this!! Be a man of principle & courage!!! History will remember what you do NOW!
You've got balls Rob, I'll give you that. But you don't get to say "our country." None of you do.
I am not. #Tatiana #Ohio
