A top notch education system will make Ohio competitive. Vote #NoonDeVos
Will it reopen steel mills in Lorain County?
but you support this?
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/trump-does-wall-streets-bidding-betraying-campaign-promises?cid=sm_fb_maddow …

Excellent job turning your back on middle class families in Ohio.
Every parent and grandparent should take note and vote out any senator that votes yes on DeVos
I plan to!!!!!  They need to listen to their constituents!!
Not with the trade wars POTUS is itching to start
And your support in voting no for Betsy DeVos would be what people of Ohio are asking for! Please listen&do right for kids
your vote was bought for a 51K donation by DeVos.  We will be watching your every vote as you are a spineless senator
Really?  Cause we're not talking about steel right now, even in Canton. DeVos is bad for Ohio.
isn't the erratic behavior of our #POTUS backing them in to a retaliatory posture?
please give our kiddos a strong future!  Vote NO on Devos.
where does the steel come from for trumps buildings? Your constituents are not happy with you
I love when folks vote w integrity. How about trying it - u may like it?!? #nodevos
I hope you pay for that tax cut by cutting social services. Poor people are the WORST!!
are there going to be any countries left as allies to trade with? we the people want Trump, Bannon, spicer, Ryan gone!
what about Betsy DeVos? You are letting a lot of Ohio parents, children and teachers down! Just keep ignoring the calls.
how come no statement on DeVos? Feels cowardly esp since u know she is bad for education.
he's voting yes. #sellout
hopefully this will be part of the overall tax plan, & not a one-off
How about making us competitive with good public schools? No to DeVos. Don't sell us out.
oops he did it again
good work putting Americans first. Now let's get that budget balanced.
stop giving industries tax breaks. That is crony capitalism. Just lower taxes everywhere. Let the free market free.
While your support of DeVos will make our kids too stupid to compete
With DeVos at the helm, our kids won't be able to read about your bill, no matter how it works out.
I wish you'd SAY NO TO DEVOS
I will not be voting for you again if you confirm DeVoss.  You are not doing what WE OHIOANS have asked you to do!  Shame!
Guess Betsy knows your price.
Vote NO on DeVos. You are expendable. Ohio and the nation's childrens' education is not.
I sure wish you cared more about your constituents than PAC$.  #NODEVOS
please think about your constituents and do your duty. Vote no on DeVos.
Are you going to confirm DeVos because of 51k you received in campaign donations from her fam? https://www.google.com/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5893bd80e4b0c1284f251c5f/amp?client=safari …
I haven't been able to get through to any of your offices this week. Is it because you're sick of hearing me say #NoonDeVos?
what else is going in it that we do not know?
Vote No on DeVos. Show us that the schoolchildren are your priority, not lining your pockets.
you should be focusing on Ohio/US schools right now. You are ignoring your constituents, votes wasted on you. #VoteNoDevos
vote NO on Betsy DeVos #DoYourJob
Thank you for this - we need manufacturing and steel production back in the States!
$5.3 million from DeVos and a no vote will help Ohio be more competitive in education.
NO ON DEVOS, NO ON SESSIONS! Answer your constituents!!!!
your (conservative) constituents are overwhelmingly saying NO DeVoss - will you heed what they are asking? Please reply!
#Collaborator 

This is a #RepublicanCOUP 

#EnemyOfDemocracy 
#RepublicanHypocrisy 
#GOPtreason 
#GOPtraitors
Navy SEAL, 8 year-old American girl died in Yemen raid
won't even matter when our children are disconnected and uneducated. Cart before the horse with that one Portman. VOTE NO
Except all students under #devos education bureau will be focused too on Jesus and Amway sales to work in the mill!
all my emails to your staff bounced today with replies saying they no longer work there...cleaning house? Say no to DeVos!!!
is selling our kids to #BetsyDeVos for $7,800 http://www.followthemoney.org/show-me?d-eid=23375# …[{1|gro=f-eid
#noDevos
Repeal 16th Amendment! Fed/State sales tax! Stop redistribution to losers! DEFUND U.N!
Vote no on confirming DeVos so our education system can be more competitive on the world stage
You should be voting NO on Betsy DeVos.
the only thing that matters at this moment is devos and bannon on nsc. Grow a pair and stand up for us instead of your pocket
#NoDeVos from 44110, 44202,44060, 44103
I repeat, do not confirm #DeVos for Education Secretary! She will weaken #Ohio  quality public education!
can you tweet about something that your constituents so obviously care about? Represent Ohioans! No on DeVos!
you have failed Ohio. Hope some mentally impaired person doesn't go buy a gun and come looking for you. #careerover
If you are going to continue with these irrelevant tweets, in light of current events, can you at least make us laugh?
Are you using an office phone to tweet?  Is that why there is no answer and voicemail is full?  Phone is ringing!  #noDevos
NO ON DEVOS. Even if your bill passes, trump will still use chinese steel. NO ON DEVOS.
good schools make a strong ohio workforce, vote no on DeVos!!!
no on devos
how about other Ohio industries? Ones that can grow. Stop pandering
You aren't representing us with a yes vote for DeVos. And tax cuts? Really? More trickle down?
Please vote No on DeVos
Please vote No on DeVos our kids deserve better .Why are you blocking phone calls
quit pretending you care about us! You DeVos statement couldn't even list a qualification bc she has none! #noDevos
turning a blind eye to the desperate appeals of Ohio voters again.  Do your job, Rob. #noDevos
your self-congratulatory posts fail to address your complete disregard of the wishes of your constituency. #DumpDevos
tax cuts lame same old mantra no incisive thinking SAD your C- is better than Ohio kids will achieve with Bitchy DeVealthy
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
please vote no on DeVos.
YOU NOT KNOW WHAT BIPARTISAN EVEN MEANS.  YOU ONLY KNOW HOW TO KISS REPUBLICANS ASSES  VOTE NO ON DEVOS.  ANSWER YOUR CALLS
1. Vote no on DeVos and 2. Trickle down DOES NOT work.
NO TO DEVOS LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS WHO VOTED YOU IN #noDevos
Your vote for DeVos will make sure our kids are too stupid to work any good jobs. Or vote, right? But I can and I remember!
But your support for Betsy DeVos will make our children LESS competitive on ANY stage. Please vote No on DeVos! 44224
Vote no on Devos. And answer your damn phone.
