we should have had hearings for Garland. shameful. You collected paycheck during time u refused 2do yr job-u r obstructionist
And you bought it! 
Please Senator!  He applies the law according to his very narrow understanding of the law, influenced by his extreme conservative views.
Seriously, Dude. Give it a rest. We don't want him. You don't care what we want. #NoGorsuch
Merrick Garland would have applied the law. He was a respected centrist - you want a rightist activist. No thanks.
what did Judge Garland have to say on the same question?
Not true! He was the SOLE dissent in the Frozen Trucker case which said that a man's life/career was worth less than the company's trailer!
Being a judge sounds so easy - why not just replace them all with computers, then?
opposing Roe v Wade is a disqualifier. I support #Plannedparenthood
You do realize this guy's rulings get overturned right?
NO DEALS! VOTE!
Judge Gorsuch also understands that the law required another judge to get this job 6 months ago.
So does #MerrickGarland and you played you're childish games with his nomination. You're a #clueless #disgrace to our Country.
Why aren't you listening to the voters? The majority do not want Gorsuch!  Whose side are you on? Wait, we know-your own.
And if the law says a trucker facing hypothermia was fired for cause, is it not a judge's place to exercise some common sense?
In fact, Gorsuch was the only judge (of 7) who found that the trucker had a legal right to freeze to death. Such an admirable decision.
As you're constituent, I'm fully against Gorsuch. If you can't get 60 votes, change the nominee, NOT THE RULES. #bipartisan #moderate
You are now so called *"Severing"* your last tream! Enjoy because you have not listened to your Constituents! You won't get another chance!
Merrick Garland understands that also.
Some laws require interpretation. Not much is  black and white. Truck driver shouldn't have to choose firing or death. Dumb Gorsuch decision
To the Staffer that keeps trying to convince twitter constituents: stop these Gorsuch tweets please 
No! When will you ever listen??
Make personal calls to reasonable Dems, then pray.
No he doesn't.  He is a #rightwingevangelical and is supported by gun nuts. @POTUS is under investigation and is ineligible
there's a counterintelligence investigation, not a criminal one. No trial, witnesses, or testimonies.
#FrozenTrucker #autismawareness #citizensunited
You aren't a trustworthy source of information about Gorsuch.  You're owned and operated by big business
Do you know what we called  playground brats who changed the rules when they couldn't win? Cheaters. No nuclear option. @OhioDistrict12

The Failing GOP didn't have time in 293 days for a Merrick Garland hearing but or course they did for Gorsuch in 50 days...
Rob Portman must be replaced. You are a low life TRUMP supporter who supports the suppression of women's reproductive rights
Vote "no."
No to rule changes. It's time to grow up, man up and take a stand. End party politics. Continuing to be Party loyalist will cost u your job.
If only you understood what your job is. Millions for three white houses?
Bologna!!  His interpretation of the law LEGiSLATES from the bench - read his opinions.
So did Merrick Garland! No probe, no robe!
Bully for him. He was appointed by someone under FBI investigation. What's the rush?  Do you have to give the money back if no approval?
Disappointing.
What was Garland's take on it? Oh that's right you didn't care.    #quitenablingPutin
#NoGorsuch
He has decided the law doesn't apply to working people and disabled children. Why would you support him? #NoonGorsuch #Nuclearisnotanoption
He should have been able to answer Brown V Board question.  Scary, scary what that might mean!  @OHDems @OHDistrict2 @SenMajLeader
I'd love to see a tweet showing the call tally of your constituents for/against his confirmation.
Nope. This constituent is opposed to his confirmation. Btw, I called your D.C. office to let you know.
He applies the law as he sees fit to award corporations not the common citizen. Please reconsider and vote NO.
But only if it helps corporations.
Except when you randomly assign personhood to a corporation because you hate women.
NO. Non, Nah, Nope, Negative, Nyet. Get it yet?
And Gorsuch applies the law in favor of companies, not the American people. So you're okay with govt NOT serving and protecting its people?
Tell that to your boss!
REALLY WHY R U TRYING TO VOTE AWAY GAY RIGHTS FUNNY BEING U HAVE A GAY SON
Supreme court is there to determine if laws are just and constitutional, not just to go with what is written by politicians like you.
And your role is to sit like a good dog and bark when told to do so for your corporate masters.
No. No. No. You can say it a thousand times. But no. We don't agree. Do you care how WE feel? Apparently not. Voters disagree with you!!!
Dude, you gotta stop tweeting about this. No responses are favorable from your constituents. We're pretty clear. Are you listening?
Your constituent says vote NO. Gorsuch likes billionaire donors buying votes. Vote NO.
The job of the SCOTUS is to interpret the Constitution, not what you said
We understand that the role of our Senators is to represent us in the Senate and not your own partisan interests. Give Garland a hearing.
#MerrickGarland also understood that !
Meanwhile as a Senator you seek to benefit your campaign donors instead of your constituents. Guess which is your actual role.
Too bad the Senate doesn't understand their role.
You have no evidence Judge Garland didn't know this too,since you abrogated your responsibility and denied him a hearing.
Merrick Garland understood as well. Why wasn't he given a fair hearing?
Apply the law as they see it not necessarily as the public sees it. Has the same effect as legislation and that's not always a bad thing.
But on Roe v Wade, gay marriage, etc. ?
#confirmGarland
Or we'll beat him up. :)
He'll help us.
Voters aren't allowed to know who spent $60 million to buy Sen Portman's Senate seat. This is not what the Founders intended.
