
You have my support thank you
Thanks Rob Portman that bill was garbage
That may be the only healthcare chance you have. Obamacare is dead. Now you leave millions uninsured
Fix the current healthcare system. What's wrong with you people. Work together

Maybe you should actually listen to the great hospitals we have in #ohio and only vote for plans they actually support.
Hospitals are half the problem. Don't take advice from the ones who put the knife in your back.
Not just the hospitals are opposed, also: @AmerMedicalAssn @AARP @canceractionnet @LungAssociation @American_Heart
These folks all make money, BIG MONEY, off the current situation. Of course, they don't want it to change. Same as planned parenthood.
So you discount the opinions of not only the hospitals, but also the doctors and patients...
F* the drs and hospitals. PATIENTS NEED CARE.
Yes. They do. And they won't get it with higher deductibles or cuts to Medicaid.
There aren't cuts to Medicaid. And you will be able to shop around for ins.
Then u should have voted for repeal.
As a constituent, I beg of you to #VoteNo on the skinny repeal. Start over, work with experts, do this right. Let your actions=your words.
Please Sir!  Do the right thing vote NO on any repeal or replace of #ACA !!! Millions of lives are at stake!
MILLIONS of live are at stake if Obamacare is repealed? Would that be millions SAVED because it is a step AWAY from govt healthcare?
14 followers. Troll.
Can't deal w/facts and have to reach for your own reality? Do you live life as a sheeple or are you an independent thinker?
Really?
Then STOP SABOTAGING ACA.  Fund CSR's/risk corr/other comps.  Provide a public option, and work w/ Dems on fixes. Not rocket science.
What about those of us that are hurt by this monstrosity!  #RepealObamacare
Vote NO!!!!!!!
Then don't vote for this bill! There'll be no true debate, the House will pass it as is, & 10's of millions of Americans like me will suffer
You lied to the American people Rob Portman with your vote against repeal of Obamacare. We will fight until you are out of the Senate.
As we should there are too many outstanding Rep. to have to put up with those who lie and betray.
#Ohio Swamp Dweller Rob Portman votes to keep #Obamacare and says NO to #ObamaCareRepeal #ob.
Trump does this. It is beneath you, senator. 140 characters is no substitute for expert testimony, committee process, integrity of Senate.
Hope you don't plan on running for re-election in 2024. Why was the repeal bill a good idea in 2015, but isn't now? #Hypocrite
My bad,  he's up for re-election in 2022. Still way too far off.
Portman you are what's wrong in DC!  You need to represent the will of the people. #ReplacePortman/Obamacare
F.U.
Sure looks like you're off to a great start #smh
#leaveOffice
Don't trust you anymore. Repeal and replace w/free market would increase quality and lower costs just like it does in other markets.
14 followers. Another bot.
How about a reply to the idea instead? Do you live life as a sheeple or are you an independent thinker?
How about working towards #Medicare4All
YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED. REPEAL.
We did not put Obama care and play it was forced down our throat by Obama it wasn't even read repeal it
What the hell have you folks done for the LAST 7 YEARS? Gutless
You're a Democrat in disguise aren't you
You took the money and want slush fund opioids money.  Put working people first not addicts and Medicare scammers it's not sustainable
4 followers. Bot.
What does bot mean
Well, why not find some moderates from both parties & just fix ACA & let's stop using it as the political football. Rebrand it USA CARES!
It is not the federal government's role! #RepealObamacare
Vote no on skinny bill. The houses motives are different there is no guarantee they're not going send bad bill to President
But you can't keep your word to the American people........
Where is the plan that meets the needs of citizens from all walks of life.  Make it Better by aiding HC payers with cost sharing/risk alleys
No you won't.
You haven't lowered costs.Access won't do a damn thing for us. You will rob constituents of protections we have now w/#ACA.#HaveYouNOShame
Fraud
by voting for a bill scored to raise premiums...sure right
Bullshit!
You're a traitor.  You lied to the people who voted u in.
This Ohioan will be donating to and voting for anyone who runs against you from now on.  You are a RINO and your kind must be voted out!!!
DO YOUR JOB, SIR!!
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/industries.php?cycle=Career&cid=N00003682&type=I …
The government has no business involved in healthcare. #RepealObamacare
Then don't vote to take away preexisting  coverage or make it impossible to afford for us who are
My family works for a living.  Our health insurance has become almost unaffordable since the ACA.  You won't even repeal the ACA.
Why did you vote for repeal when it didnt matter.  You ran on repeal and you were elected on appeal
Hey @senrobportman don't vote for a shoddily crafted healthcare replacement no one wants. This vote decides our lives and your reelection.
This means you are voting no on what your colleagues are doing int he senate?
skinny repeal will raise rate 20% & 16m fewer insured.  Don't count on house to go to conference. GOP wants a win. Details are unimportant
All lies. Republicans ran on repealing and you cowards caved to the obstructionist. Wobt be in office again
Glad to see you voted against repeal/ replace! We need you to work for us and I am sorry to say I am not seeing enough!
Would you like to pitch in and help pay our $12k deductible we now have thanks to ACA? Or maybe the increased premiums?
you're done.....
So you will not be supporting the 'skinny repeal' CBO says raises rates by 20% & cuts coverage? BTW, "access" is tired and busted. #stopit
Rs plans to cut Medicaid will only make the opioid crisis worse and you know that! $$ for u for this state is not fair to the overall!
Uh-oh, all the justifications for the "skinny" bill are flying out the window.  You might want to reconsider...
As the Republican's "skinny repeal" of ACA gets ever skinnier, remember reconciliation was not meant for policy. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/26/us/politics/republican-fast-track-rules-obamacare-hits-wall.html … 
Dear Senator - Urge you to not support any repeal w/o acceptable replacement, hurting the larger interests of vulnerable Ohioans.
Skinny repeal isn't going to do that.
SMH...
You have a chance to vote single payer but.....
630,000 Ohioans likely to lose coverage economic hardship and lost loved ones depression  drug use
Constitution-schmonstitution, right? As long as you get re-elected?
Obamacare made my premiums and deductibles skyrocket. Also my options shrank. Obamacare is NOT an improvement, or quality care!
Then you are in favor of the @TedCruz amendment & a free-market solution? More gov't is not the answer to lower costs! 
See: $800 hammer.
Traitor #recall
And you people wonder why we are angry?
If this is your position you have no choice but to vote no today, right Senator?
IMPORTANT re: "skinny" repeal: with insurer deadlines just a few weeks away, it would collapse markets before any conference is over. 
Translation: I willcontinue to work to strip Ohioans of their health care and give tax cuts to my rich buddies. @DisabilityPower
Please show some compassion for Ohioans and do not vote on the ‘skinny repeal’.

This makes all the major insurance associations opposed. https://twitter.com/jrovner/status/890597282000900098 …
Ohio!  McConnell has taken the money out that Portman neg for opioid add. He knows Portman is a yes no matter what.
Opioid funding Capito+Portman negotiated reportedly out of Skinny; they presumably know won't cost them C+P's votes. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/27/obamacare-repeal-republicans-status-241025 … 
Then you must vote NO on a skinny repeal, which would raise premiums dramatically. Work w/ Dems & hold public hearings. Do it the right way!
Typical politician goes against his word, I'm sure his pockets are getting filled.
Portman you failed to do what you told the people you would just 2 years ago.
Maybe Ohio should shed it's reputation as Opiod Capital of US and stop making rest of US pay for its pathetic Medicaid population.
Not with the GOP plan.
Alexis Scott is one of almost 500,000 veterans who would lose Medicaid under the Senate bill. Share your story: https://handsoff.org/  
What do you mean continue? You never started working for affordable and quality care for everyone.
Good to hear. So plz say No to skinny bill. Higher premiums. Thousands of OH constituents lose healthcare. Protect Buckeyes.
Your a LIAR!
You should have listened to voters who put you in office.  Those voters will replace you w/someone who looks after US, not donors.
your toast. we will vote you out!
Rob Portman should be "RECALLED" immediately! He's the Democrat in Republican clothing that voters want out of office! #RECALLPORTMAN
Than full repeal and work on a new one, and don't exempt yourself from the new plan
Then vote no. Simple as that.

2. If bill DOES get to conference, it will be merged w House bill making DEEP cuts to Medicaid, which your Sen prob *said* they opposed. 11/
VOTE NO ON "SKINNY" HEALTH CARE BILL!!!
IF TRUMPCARE PASSES, PORTMAN WILL OWN IT. It will be Portman- care
Good then can u and all GOP cancel all your health care plans n priv plans n also your familys n then u will get 15 dollar hour salery #Bye
Then support #UniversalHealthCare. Yes, we can afford it. No, we do not need to keep adding billions to military spending.
Please work on bipartisan solutions to fix the ACA!
Your vote tp proceed to time limited debate on an unknown bill with no CBO score undermines any shred of credibility in that statement.
History will judge you. Trump is a weak bully. Protecting him over us is the wrong thing. Please be on the people's side, Senator Portman.
Continue?  You've embarrassed yourself. Shame on you!
Please don't double speak or lie. "Access" is not the same thing as coverage. You know this bill is bad for Ohio. You know it in your gut.
Shyster!
I know I have been a pain in the ass for the last several months but I just wanted to take this opportunity for the 15,000th time..VOTE NO!!
Here's what we think of your representing your voters! Lying sack of ....!!
Liar. If this was true you would have voted to repeal. You are voting for lobbyists and people that get free healthcare. #voteoutPortman
The best way is to vote AGAINST these ACA repeals.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqC8jB3m9Bg … - remember this? what changed? dont care anymore?
You will continue to betray your constituents! #traitor #VoteHimOut
We'll be glad when you jump right on that!  See you at the voting poll!
You're a sad excuse for someone supposedly representing those of us that supported the Trump agenda. You're lazy and bought.
More lies from  a RINO
I predict your next primary is going to SUCK for you.  Enjoy that cushy job while it lasts. You'll be gone soon enough
None of the current bills in the Senate would accomplish that. Please don't hurt Ohio. Work across the aisle to fix our healthcare system.
You are
continue???  how about start?
We are voting you out
PLEASE vote no today on skinny hc. We, the ppl aren't interested. Do the right thing, PLEASE.
I second this!
Then I assume you'll vote no on skinny repeal? It does absolutely nothing to help Ohioans. Choose your country & state over party.
You're just a LIAR AND TRAITOR to the American People. You voted to Repeal  before and now COWARDLY vote NO. You will lose your seat. ENOUGH
you are a part of the swamp.enjoy your last years. liar
Sure you will.......
Three words that are shamefully ignored by Congress that apply to Federal Gov't and it's "budget."

WASTE
FRAUD
ABUSE
Show us that work you've done.  I'm disappointed in your representation of Ohio.  You have failed us.
We voted for Portman thinking he was GOP. His Heritage score is 28% = he votes Dem! He voted Repeal in 2015. Get gov't out of med insurance!
Healthcare vote:" No idea of the end product, no CBO score - and deliberately circumventing the rules." This is not how Senate should work.
I cannot wait to actively support any true conservative who runs against you. What a horrible decision. Shows true RINO colors.
According to the CBO, so-called "skinny repeal" would cause premiums to increase 20%! That's not working to lower costs. You must vote no!
Fix ACA stop trying to reinvent the wheel.  #DoNoHarm
Why should anyone ever believe anything you say. You proved yourself to be a liar by not voting for #Repeal when it really mattered.
Get rid of Obamacare.
@senrobportman you sir are spineless, you owe every Ohioian an explanation, what changed in 7 months? Plz nut up and explain!!!
Please vote for skinny repeal so we can see you voted out of office!! You put party before country!
Your Gov. @JohnKasich is against any of these bills. Medicaid will be cut. No measly payoff will save OH. VOTE NO
The bipartisan group of Governors (including Sandoval and Kasich) who have raised opposition throughout GOP process oppose "skinny" repeal 
'Skinny' repeal could have big ramifications for Obamacare markets - POLITICO:
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/26/obamacare-markets-skinny-repeal-241003?lo=ap_f1 …
Help ppl w/opioid issues &ppl w/chronic illness Annual caps = loss of employer ins, risk pools &bankrptcy. Be responsible &improve #ACA #CBO
Blah blah blah
Stand strong for Ohio.  Do not be intimidated.  #VoteNo  #NoSkinnyBill   #NotNormalBusiness      http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/344062-trump-admin-threatens-alaska-after-gop-senator-healthcare-votes …
RINO. RINO. RINO.
Good get a job with the Insurance company that paid for your Vote you establishment swamp dwelling do nothing politician..WE WON'T FORGET
You're a TRAITOR!
Liar liar pants on fire. I do not think U will B reelected again. I will do everything I can on social media 2 keep U from being reelected
Shame on you for running on a lie. You never intended to repeal Obamacare, did you? Are you trying to insure the R's lose the majority?
You need to get on board with health care. You changed your vote. Why?
not if you're up for reelection anytime soon! Hope you and Kasich enjoy your new jobs as CNN commentators.
#voteportmanout
Will you vote to bankrupt your constituents?
GOP health-care bill millions will be in dire financial straits,
Rob Portman is my Senator. Liar. Voted to repeal Obamacare. Liar. Throw them out. Liar.
What r u doing?!?! Honor ur word, ur promises. The clean repeal is what we hired u to do. I will never believe another word u say.
Just another spineless politician who's not listening to the voice of the nation. You are the very example of why we hate politicians. 
I know a lot of people who aren't voting for you. You turned your back on us.
Bullshit get on the Republican agenda or get the hell out
And how do ur votes reflect that? Do any of these bills and amendments on improve healthcare? Improve outcomes or access or cost??
Here, I fixed your tweet.
Good, bt what about your promise to repay and replace and how can we trust what you say now?
Not really, you simply thrust them into perpetual healthcare nightmares! #Repeal
U ran on repeal, u should have stuck to your word, you are a LIAR, FRAUD, RINO. Typical DC politician - no integrity. Hope it's ur last term
Portman is the worst thing to have ever happened to Ohio.  Stand up and fight for who you represent- not party over people
So you campaigned on "repealing ACA" and lied about it? So I wasted my vote on you#explainyourself
You're fired!
Thank you for standing up for our healthcare. We cannot write a bill that impacts millions of us in 3 days #bipartisan
Repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal Obamacare! RINO'S  sold America out
You're  full of crap. I hope the good citizens of Ohio vote You out.
Voting no yesterday showed that you lied to get elected. Shame
You're a God Damn Liar and Traitor.
I hope you enjoy congressional exemption from Obamacare. My family suffer. We voted for you bc you promised to repeal bad law. You failed us
What ever your true agenda is - you should disclosed during last campaign. Shame on you!
You are a fraud. Step one in lowering our health care costs, was repealing Obamacare and you voted no. Drain this swamp creature.
Ppl who voted for you are not Medicaid recipients. But those who work and pay for their HC. It's unaffordable. Do you hear us?
In Columbus, only Mount Carmel hospital accepts ocare plans. Not OSU, not Riverside. Did you know that? What you fight for?
If you ever read your tweets, plz be advised that you betrayed your voters. Big Time.
Lower cost? Next year my fam will not afford premiums and deductibles. It's going up to cost of 2nd mortgage. What exactly you done to help?
No you're not working on this. Small biz has been screwed because we work. You only care abt the unemployed. 4K/mo prem
CBO scores skinny bill to raise premiums 20%.  Then vote NO!
I was hopeful you honor your campaign promise. My family voted for you. No more, Rob. No more.
Per CBO, "skinny repeal" would increase premiums by 20% by next year. If you mean it when you say you want to lower costs you'll oppose it.
YOU BETTER VOTE NO ON THE SKINNY BILL OR RULE OHIO WILL HURT HOSPITALS WILL CLOSE 16 MILLION OFF OF HEALTHCARE
Total lack of leadership and independent thinking. Sad!
