How about talking to some employees?
Empty words without specifics from the employers. Your job is to ensure Ohioans are protected &explain why. Read yr comments.
Really? Fix healthcare! Stop RyanCare!!!
yeah, some factories don't like little things like the Clean Air Act. But EVERY Ohioan with a vote likes breathing. Just ask.
Sure, @senrobportman, like, why can't we dump our dry cleaning fluid down the storm sewer?
I don't always like wearing my seatbelt either, but it's the law AND keeps me safe
Yeah, those pesky regulations like: don't dump chemicals in drinking water...don't dump chemicals in the air we breathe...
you're costly and not serving your constituents
Regulations are protections you dolt. Don't you understand that? It's a barrier between us and reckless capitalism.
Do you hear from employees?  Do you hear the need for fair wage regulations?  Clean water?  What is too costly for clean air?
Which regulations, specifically, are unnecessary?
those regulations keep Lake Erie clean. You know, that lake you work so hard to protect.
what a stupid comment. Go to school ask the kids what they think about rules.  People don't like to be told what to do
and then? You go into a neighborhood and meet people who can't breathe or have cancer from polluted water. Right?
Who else believes dear old Kellyanne was raised by wolves?
Regultions employ people.  Are you suggesting that we trade white collar jobs for blue collar jobs?
and you think business should be allowed to be irresponsible to the environment and pollute free of charge. DO YOUR JOB
look past some of that whine. Why is being protected?  Look for the reasons before conclusion
without regulations, corporations will lay waste to this country. Then we won't need to keep anyone out, we'll all be leaving
innovate don't deregulate.  I kind of enjoy water and air.  God help us if these factory owners are donors of @senrobportman
like safety regulations from OSHA? Like civil rights protections? Some of these regulations are pretty important!
Most of them are there for a reason. Try doing some research. That's actually part of your job!
sure they whine about regulations like OSHA and BWC...going "green" saves $! Preach that!
Wrong
come by Trust manufacturing ask the owner why he won't purchase a health insurance plan for his employees.
That's why you don't hear horrible humanitarian stories in Ohio so much...
Like environmental regulations? I thought you wanted to protect our water and air. 
So it is OK that companies pollute our air, water,soil. Expose Americans to carcinogens and then not be held accountable?
try taking to the employees, streamline regulations and provide support for compliance don't sacrifice American workers
Public health v. small business owners complaining about regulations preserving public health. Duh! Health=profit killer!
But epa septic rule for citizens is Even not voted on/unelected can trespass/forced $15k loan or a fine. Sounds about right!
When I visit young kids and the elderly, I often hear from them lots of coughing & wheezing from the pollution they live with
Tell that to an injured worker.
Small businessman here. How about you stop exempting large companies from the tax burdens that small businesses face?
We paid more taxes than Google in 2016.
No you don't.
I bet you'd hear more from more people if you had a town hall #justsaying
Yes, regulations are costly, but they are usually in place to save lives, hard to put a price on that.
How about you post a list of every such regulation and also a rebuttal from the regulators who promulgated and/or enforce it?
CMS is responsible for ridiculous rules that are making health care costs soar.  Dr. Types doesn't have time to look at pt.
yeah gosh it was so much better when the Cuyahoga River regularly caught fire. We should definitely go back to that. #ass
hold a town hall!!! #dumpportman
yeah? And what do you hear from workers?
yes, those pesky EPA and OSHA regulations.  Who needs clean environments and safe working conditions anyway?  ;)
nobody believes you.
Really Senator Portman? I couldn't imagine there be that many people who hated their fingers that much. Good lookin out.
Now how about those 24 million people who are about to lose Health Care?
which ones are "unnecessary?"
I would ask you to also talk to &  listen to us regular people at Town Hall mtgs, email, phone, etc. To see what we think too
love me clean air refs?
please don't gut the regulations that keep employees and customers safe
do you also hear the need for affordable healthcare, not a terrible new Act that will hurt thousands of Ohioans?
just keep towing that GOP line!
For example?
good to listen to all sides. What do employees say?
We all pay taxes, and so should businesses. And the regulations are there to keep everyone, including their employees safe. #CommoneSense
I often hear of people getting ill from poor air and water quality
Which factories, Which small businesses?  What regulations r redundant, useless etc.  Easy words, where's the work to support? #DoYourJob
.@senrobportman So that companies can go back to polluting our air, soil, and water? So they can once again fleece U.S. consumers?
why don't you have a town hall or coffee with some us?
those rules and regulations are there to protect the American people from predatory corporations. Who do you represent?
regs didn't take away jobs!  Stop making excuses not to challenge Trump!  There will be no environment for people to work in!
please stop the rhetoric!!! You're gonna send us back to the 70's without regs that protect workers and the environment.
You are a public servant. It's not your job to enhance the profits of private businesses.
Why do you pick & choose who to talk to and visit??? Tons of us have been begging for a #REALTownHallNOW. #whereyouat #repUS
Hes shy and doesn't want to have videos of him getting the business by real not cherry picked constituents! Sad
please be careful rolling too many back. Employers need to be reminded,at times, of responsibility to environment.
we can't keep the Great Lakes clean without those pesky regulations. Or do you really like drinking algae-filled water?
um, how about regulations for all of those human trafficking victims you keep talking about?
does that mean you want to cut their taxes even further? Who benefits, shareholders or employees? It's time to help employees
if you visited with your constituents you'd know there isn't enough good in Trumpcare for you to support it. Please oppose!
of course they complain, but the public demands  & DESERVES CLEAN AIR AND CLEAN WATER AND PROTECTION FOR THE ENVIRONMENT
How do you judge necessity? Just based on whether employer likes it or not?
as a s#SmallBiz owner my real concern is how #HeathInsurance costs too much. #SaveACA
regulation doesn't kill job growth, politicians without a clue do. #googlerobportman
Which ones specifically? They never seem to say....
because they are the ones that usually have to do with publicly funding costs while privatizing profits.
Probably don't hear that from employees saved by those regulations. Or from those who breathe air & drink water.
I hear muckrakers used to encounter the same thing from business owners. Luckily, that didn't stop them
universal healthcare for all would remove a major burden Ohio businesses.
How do you not get it? Biz shouldn't  profit by not paying for damage and pollution! That just puts true costs on us! Duh!
Regulations balance needs of community w biz activities. They try to stop biz from outsourcing true costs of biz activities!
except you don't visit you dodge,  #coward #liar
Most of those "regulations" protect workers and the environment. That's why they were created.
I'm a #smallbiz owner (as in actually small) and if I can't figure out how to profit w regulation, I shouldn't be in biz!
Spoken like a good corporate shill. Personally, I enjoy clean air and water. I would think all grandchildren would agree!
You only ask your corporate donors. Working class people *need* regulations for workplace safety & consumer protection.
that is a ridiculous statement
I'm your small business, 3 people @ 1K per employee per month for insurance! It will get worse vote NO!
we are on the same boat! #healthinsurance is our big worry!
cool man, you should just get rid of the EPA then. Nobody needs to breathe air or drink water as long as they have a job.
describe- do these regulations benefit the employees cost the manufacture. Who are you representing?
Some regs are important to protect the common good even if employees feel they are not needed and costly.  #regulationsilove
Like that bunch of old white guys trying to regulate my vigina... Totally agree... #LessViginaRegulation
try visiting your constituents to learn what's important to us? Have a public town hall meeting. 43147
Lets hear specific, not generalities. What regulations, and how much do each of them cost? Costs passed along to consumer.
what specific regulation has been mentioned as too costly or unnecessary?
These words conflict with your supposed concern for the health of the environment. Also: I like the 40 hr. work week thx.
Yeah, unfortunately, we no longer allow our rivers to burn.
didnt you hust say earlier how you care about our water. Well what do you think these regulations are for
Where the hell was he when trump allowed mines to dump their mining waste in the streams?  He has such pretty words but it ends there.
How to find the right balance between protecting employers & protecting the public (from toxic waste, etc.)....
consider if an employer that didn't believe those things would invite an official that did
Pesky child labor laws.
How about the employees? I know I like having my safety ensured.
These are protections to keep us safe so ourwater and environments aren't poisoned.Thought youwere concerned about about that
yay worker safety is totally unnecessary
is that before or after they offer to line your pockets?
wanna get rid of OSHA, too? EVERYTHING is there 4 a reason.'Costly'--wah, wah, wah.It's COST of doing biz. PROFIT=too costly.
owners and CEO's probably think that, but think of the lakes and rivers...what do they say?  You said you care!
Now that sure sounds like one Republican talking to another Republican. Sure is rather like talking to yourself.
Business cannot be trusted to self-regulate. Their priority is on profits. Which is natural. We depend upon gov regs to keep
them honest and to protect us and the environment in a myriad of ways that would otherwise not be part of their focus. 44236
like the ones put in place to protect our rivers and lakes?  Sure, makes sense.
clean air, clean water and safe work environments are absolutely necessary!
Keep padding your pockets Portman!
adjustments would not be made if they were not necessary. Some changes are made in order to provide safety.
your tweets are super vague as always. sometimes corps reject necessary regulations b/c it's better for the bottom line.
then start repealing them. Stop being a big government #RINO Republican.
I hear often from foxes that there's too much chicken wire around my hen yard.
hahahahahahahahaha good one! :)
like water? My small business, me, will have no healthcare if the AHCA bill passes. I like the ACA regulation.
I keep looking for examples and no one ever specifies. Like what? What is expensive and unnecessary?
costly to who? The planet that is poisoned? The animals and people? You care more about big corp than future of planet?
should they be the ones to determine "unnecessary"
Do you let drivers determine what's too drunk to drive?
did you talk to employees about their healthcare?
He can't even be bothered to talk to the peons. He has his "I care" tours every four years , I need a vote!
Employers say the darndest things.
Of course you hear that. You don't want to talk to any of the employees who can't afford your "lobbyists" fees to ask you ??
oh you mean the ones to keep workers safe, have protections, keep our air & water clean? Those?
I think u suffer from selective hearing when it comes to what ur constituents are saying. Hold a town hall! #PortmanTownHall
the same "selective hearing" he used when confirming Devos. It's pay to play with Portman, I'm afraid.
you mean like safety regulations so guys don't get their arms amputated by defective equipment?
I keep hearing about all these regulations, but never hear any specific regulations mentioned. How about specifics?
Yeah, all those rules keeping their workers from losing hands or dumping waste in the river out back suck!
What do the employees think?
Do they mention how cheapass employers don't provide health insurance because why would they when they can just let ppl die
