With all due respect that is nonsense. If there was a viable substitute you'd have voted for it
Nothing is better. ACA IS A MESS. GOTTA GO
Go then. Those of us that think people matter and healthcare is a right will continue to fight
If you think health care is a right you wouldn't like ACA. Covers the rich and poor. Don't work for the middle. Go then
No argument it needs to be fixed. What is being discussed now is to defund healthcare, not fix it
You don't know what's going on. You're blindly compassionate. Almost codependent.
Lol. Thanks for the free diagnosis. One way or another, we are going to get the healthcare that other advanced countries have
So Government can decide whether we live or die. I.e. Charlie Gard. I don't support letting people game the system.
It's because you received $1,028,063 in campaign donations from the insurance industries, but you were saying...
Even insurance companies are against it. He's afraid of @SenMajLdr and @realDonaldTrump
Delicate snowflake, afraid of a man with historical low approval ratings, voting for a bill with even lower ratings

https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/?ex_cid=rrpromo …
Repeal ACA. ONLY SERVES MOOCHES.
YEAH! FUCK those mooching elderly, vets, disable children, drug addicts! PUT THEM ON THE STREETS TO DIE. #OnlyTheStrongSurvive, right Rob?
Typical left wing loon. They have always been covered. ACA does nothing for them. Only a mooch would hide behind them
My premiums are going up $1200 under this plan. Everyone is impacted by this.
That's because you're paying for yourself and several able bodied mooches that don't want to get their lazy asses 2 work
There has never been a decent 'alternative' plan, and the GOP motive to take down ACA is mainly to undo a black president's record.
Stupid comment. ACA Costs are out of control. The mooches don't know that bc they aren't paying for it.
"Mooches" aren't the only ones that need health care. We're all one accident or illness away from total financial ruin.
That's because ACA is failing
(because GOP is hijacking it)
Like hijacking a plane that already crashed. Only the mooches like it. Mayb we should all be mooches. Who would pay4 it?
What does the bill even say? You have no clue. You've just screwed the people of Ohio. @JohnKasich
Seniors and the disabled need help with medicare. Most of our spare money goes to medical costs.
You have betrayed the 814700+ Ohio families friends and neighbors that will lose healthcare coverage under Ohio's MEDICAID Expansion
This is cliff diving legislation and you will OWN its outcome. Healthcare!

The process is an embarrassment and you are voting yes
What if House skips conference? You will be to blame!
How can you do this to the people of our state? I'm disgusted by party over constituents/country. You are a coward for going along with it.
Pop quiz-What does the bill do that you are supporting? Do you even know? Have you even read it? Ohio deserves better than this, and you.

I just got through to his D.C. office and respectfully gave the young man who answered a piece of my mind about this. Ohio call now!
Why would you vote for a bill that's quick and dirty just to satisfy Trump? What about your constituents? #repealandreplacecongress
It was not well done by @SenateMajLdr, but it would have lead to a committee to get a real bill to vote on. I think it was #NeverTrumpers.
Coward.
Here's an idea==completely draft the legislation first, then have hearings and debate and end,. instead of begin, with  vote.  Old school.
Must have enough time...must be FAIR ...must be AFFORDABLE ...
must cover pre-existing-- FAIRLY...and no age tax.
You're a phony hypocrite and a traitor. Ohio's biggest mistake
"I believe we need to repeal and replace Obamacar."
Let me to fix this for you:

*I don't believe in anything to help my constituents.*
True
@BillHemmer replace it with nothing. Govt is lousy at everything. Just get out of healthcare .
What if it isn't guaranteed to go to conference?
Learn from your brave colleague in Alaska and stand up for Ohioans, thousands of whom will lose coverage, instead of a failing president.
strange that the only Republicans with any balls are Collins and Murkowski
McCain is getting the credit, but these women are the ones who really saved Obamacare
=> Of course you did . . . it was never a matter of ethics, principle, compassion or economics . . . just plain old party fealty . . .
SENATOR PORTMAN.........are you watching tv?????? Are you HEARING what the people are saying????? VOTE NO!
No such thing as legislation to move to a conference. This is legislation to take away health care, & if you vote for it, it may become law.
There is no "replace" in this bill. Instead, there is taking care from 16 million people & raising costs for everyone else. Shame on you.
NO ACA Repeal Just fix ACA Stop ACA sabotage by Trump

Dump all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal.
You are incorrect sir. Stand up for the people of Ohio for once.
Sad.
Disgraceful!
You think the nutjobs in the House are going to make it better?
You don't even know what you're voting for!!! What is wrong with you? How can you be so irresponsible, so cowardly??
I believe you need to stop redistributing my taxes to idiots! If you want it you pay for it! Defund UN/ACA/WELFARE! Enabling evil is EVIL!
You said you needed a replacement in place to vote on a repeal plan...you lied. Opiod crisis & pre-existing conditions coverage...you lied.
Wrong
Coward
Translation: I'm a gutless delusional coward.
Very disappointed. If it passes I'll be angry. This tax cut bill will force many of your constituents to go  w/o healthcare. Some will die.
your pathetic waffling and indecision would be funny if people's lives weren't on the line, rob

I think I would rather have the gentleman from Arizona as our senator at this point. At least he had a soul.
This is incredibly cowardly. You said you were working to lower costs & provide access to quality care for your constituents. THIS DOES NOT!
Why not write a good bill instead of trying to continually pass off something that will devastate millions of American families.
Shameful, unlike our Govenor you side with your party rather than what's best for the people.  #selfish
Then stop talking about it and do it. You have had 7 years and we gave you the House, Senate and Oval. 

No more (*&#^&#^. excuses.
Ohio is speaking LOUD
You and your Republican colleagues own this and we will never forget. Listen to your governor and stop lying and waiting to shift blame.
So you have no idea what you are doing? Go back to an open, bipartisan process.
Finally. Make this happen. Can't afford this shit anymore.
What a cowardly move. Your party is lost and so are you. What could possibly make you believe a replace bill can EVER get enuf votes??
Lies!
Me Calling your office RIGHT NOW
I hope he is, I mean I cant believe we voted for him last time. He gotta go, and we gotta get Renaci the hell outta here too
Your vote for skinny repeal, which the House will adopt, strips Ohioans of Medicaid expansion which they need to combat the opioid epidemic
This is the most pathetic form of governing ever. Disgraceful #hack #CountryOverParty
I hope one of your peers has a back bone and votes the way the citizens of the country want.
You need to adapt to changing needs of populace
How about we repeal and replace you as our Senator, Mr. Portman?
We do not want repeal... Fat, skinny, or big-boned.
I am so unbelievably disappointed. I cannot believe i ever voted for you. SHAME ON YOU
Replacing it just for the sake or replacing it is reckless legislating.  Must be better- lower premiums, better care, & more insured. #ohio
Gutting medicare & previous condition protection,no bi-parisan input, in the dead of night under cover of secrecy. That's sleazy & inept.
#DirtyRob always his profit over our people
#KillTheBillDontKillUs
Who paid you this time?
Senator, your constituents don't want a complete repeal. Wake up, or better yet, have a listening session. #disappointed
Sure you do, we  now know the Republicans cannot get anything done. I am extremely disappointed
Beyond disappointed - in you and myself for voting for you!
Those with moral flexibility seem to sell their opinions for reelection money.
Disappointing.  The ACA can be improved & rename it Trumpcare if that helps.  I don’t trust the desperation of the GOP. Not dignified.
You don't plan on running again after this obviously.   NO ONE wants a repeal!
I support crafting the bill in conjunction with medical experts!
How many silver coins did you pocket for selling out the people of your state, Senator Portman? I believe the tradition is thirty.
#ShameOnPortman your vote stands in direct conflict with taking care of Ohioans who need opioid treatment.
Rob, I attend HPUMC. In Sunday school you once advocated everyone be required to buy health insurance. You have proven to be a hypocrite.
Would love to be able to talk to you about this in person. You aren't being accountable to your constituents, the people you work for.
As best anyone can tell, you are repealing something for no actual benefit, just optics. Yet millions in Ohio will lose health care.
You are choosing optics over the needs of your state. Ideology over the needs of your constituents.
you are a DISHONORBLE MAN. There is no viable replacement bill and you gave your word that you would VOTE NO!! SHAME ON YOU
Mothers are like elephants @senrobportman. We don't forget. The women of Ohio will vote you out in 6 yrs if you pick politics over people!

And I will support anyone who runs against you. Because I believe we deserve so much better.
ACA is Too expensive. Can't support the American mooch forever
You're a fool and a hypocrite. There will be no conference. House will pass Skinny Repeal and 10s of millions of Amers will lose ins
You just lost any chance I would ever give you my vote.
DON'T  VOTE  FOR  A  BILL  YOU  DON'T  WANT  TO  BECOME  LAW  AS  IS 
Wow- time to pull out the constituent reckoning jar. Saving up to fund your competitor. #Unrepresented
Hard to compete with the major GOP donors, though. Remember the Betsy DeVos nomination? She bought his approval for 50K.
He's cheap.
If you would hold a town hall and discuss healthcare w us, you may find a better option-fixing the ACA is more expedient
This is nonsense. You're voting for the bill, not for a conference. If you don't support the bill, don't vote for it. It's simple.
You're pathetic
You are misinforming the country. This bill will take away health care from the working poor, the elderly, and the disabled. Shameful
@its_AlyssaRose ignore his aww shucks demeanor. This is who he truly is
You are being paid off to kick Americans in the teeth to strip them of their healthcare while giving the rich massive tax breaks. Lives vs $
What are you going to say when the skinny repeal becomes law?
Thank you
You had 8 years to come up with replacement and this is what you come up with? Shame on you. You are a liar and a threat to Ohioans.
You have nothing to replace it with! 8  years of complaining & no replacement yet! But you have healthcare so screw the rest of us.
With nothing to replace it? Shame on you, stripping healthcare from millions, knowingly. #noskinnyrepeal
Sleep well knowing you are voting to remove healthcare from 16 million and do nothing for the rising premium costs. What is wrong with you?
Hey Senator - Maybe instead of gutting coverage for lower income folks, you could actually fix the systemic issues with healthcare.
There are flaws that need fixing, but killing the ACA without a plan to take care of millions of people is NOT the right move for Ohio.
Please think carefully when you vote tonight. If you're going to repeal something, have a better replacement ready first!
You know this makes no sense - do the groundwork before you vote to move it forward. Voters will remember how you sold us out.
You said you'll only vote for #SkinnyRepeal if conference is guaranteed:

The House just voted down forcing conference. 

So No, now?
You've had 7 years to tell us what that replacement would look like. Why should we give you guys more time?
So you are putting your own personal gain above the citizens of Ohio again.  #shameful #VoteThemOut
With something worse? You do not need to repeal and replace the ACA.  You need to work for affordable quality healthcare for ALL.
You are wrong.  This is horrible and you know it.   What if YOUR son depended on the ACA for health care?   Well, my son does.
Yeah, please grow a pair and vote No. Thanks.
You are killing people in your own state and you don't give a crap. Owned by Koch. #Shame
You are a complete failure.
With what? You don't even know what you are voting for and openly said you hope the Skinny Repeal doesn't become law.
This Ohio constituent thinks you need to get some balls and forget about repealing ACA and improve it. Reach across the aisle @senrobportman
I will support legislation to move this process to a House-Senate conference because I believe we need to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Neither Ohio's (Republican) governor nor the majority of Ohioans support the gross cuts to Medicaid in this bill. Don't turn your back on us
I support a process to repeal and replace YOU.  You aren't listening to us - just your donors.
Don't forget - people have long memories.
Boo! Thank goodness enough Senators from your party have more sense.
(2) to discontinue offering health insurance. I am a teacher and a single mom. My son and I both have pre-existing conditions. What about
If you support conference, start a conference. Your vote will be remembered as what you wanted.
Please vote NO.
And, therefore, you will be losing votes.
That is stupid.  Is the legislation something you support, because it may become law.  What a way to change one-sixth of our economy.
you are either woefully ignorant or complicit in this scam. House w/pass whatever they get&YOU KNOW IT! Don't play w/fire we all get burned.
And if the house votes to pass it as sent?
How 'bout just writing a bill that works? Stop rushing crap out to make the news.
#skinnybill This bill is a disaster for Ohio & our country. You will be held accountable for suffering & deaths of millions
You know Ryan plans to have House vote on skinny bill, right? Not conference. Thought @GovernorKasich & you were on same page.
Who are u kidding? Go back to ur democrat party.
WTF is wrong with you all? Jesus, work with Democrats and pass a bill that works for majority of people.
If they can't get it out of conference, the house will vote on it. You can't stop them, this bill will hurt people.
If you vote for this, Ohioans will be singing "Na na na na. Na na na na. Hey hey hey. Goodbye!" 
You voted party over country and we need to revote and replace you.
You are on borrowed time after this
 Let's go Ohio vote this jerk traitor out.
Replace it with what exactly Senator? That's the 22 million people question.
Where did McConnell put your backbone?
.Thanks for being a sellout and not having the integrity to help save people from losing their insurance. Hope they paid you a lot of $$$.
So you are willing to vote Yes on a bill that only strips 16 MILLION PEOPLE of their #HealthCare because it likely will really hurt more.
How can you do this? You had 7 years to come up with something workable, when it gets tough you throw up your hands and say "best I can do"?
And this makes sense in what alt-reality?
Ok Sen Portman.  You vote yes YOU OWN TRUMPCare.  Hope your conscience robs you of peace and sleep forever.  You are a political hack.
You don't even know what the legislation is. This is pathetic. Do your job.
Respectfully tweeting - replace with what? Legislation that will do harm, cause financial burdens, decrease healthcare jobs? #VoteNo
There are plenty of solutions out there to fix O-care w/o doing this. What if there is no conference? If you don't want passed as is vote no
You are an evil monster and you are full of it.
I support removing the roof on your house. Not sure how to replace it; probably with Saran Wrap. Just feel we should move forward anyway.
The house doesn't want to deal with it any more than you do, they are just going to approve your bill! 

Have some courage vote no!
Millions of people will have worse lives because of you!
Senate Repubs hope their own Obamacare repeal won't become law, this is ludicrous, if I did such a half ass job I'd be fired
You'll regret it in 2018 when voters #repealandreplacetheGOP
ALL medical organizations oppose this. Vote NO!!
I believe this is the wrong choice. This process is irresponsible and offensive to your constituents.
SHAME!!!!!
It's ironic that GOP preached lie of "death panels" when ACA launched, but you have no problem sentencing people to death or bankruptcy.
You are heartless!
Liar. You will do as told because the Koch Brothers own you.
Haven't you heard?  House is going to pass this "skinny" bill.  You've been lied to again by McConnell.  How many times will you be fooled?
So sorry to hear this. You are making the problems you lament worse and legitimizing a process that treated the American people w/ contempt.
Anything skinny = reduced/cutout! Can u live w/death/fin bankrupts due to higher prems/loss of coverage. Party/ego vs lives/ppl
You might believe it needs repealed but you speak for Ohioans and we object . You didn't care about the people this would hurt .
It is about time
"I don't have the spine to stand up to the turtle or the orange dude. So if some of you die, too bad."
Sell out.
Shockingly, but unsurprisingly foolish.
Someone got bought off somehow or he caved to either Mercer, Koch or Trump! Ohio you are about to get screwed!
16 million will lose coverage, premiums will increase by 20%, no guarantee they won't push skinny repeal through as is. You're a coward.
What makes you so sure there will be a real House-Senate conference? You are being played.
House leaders have NOT made a decision if they would go to conference on healthcare OR try to pass whatever Senate passes, per sources https://twitter.com/AlexNBCNews/status/890661293958377472 …
You are voting to take healthcare away from people in order to give the wealthy a tax break. And we will not forget. Enjoy your last term.
So much for your opioid crisis battle. Blah, blah, blah #shame
I'm going to make you eat this vote for dinner in 4 years. Your incumbency is going to die on the tattered remains of this bill. #wealthcare
Absolute disrespect for the people who are affected by this bill. Your party does not deserve to govern.
And when the House just passes it?
#leadershipfail Voting for a bill that does not even exist yet in the hopes that the one you vote for today doesn't actually come to be.
I know we can count on you to make sure their is money for addiction treatment. Thank you Senator.
No. Ohioans are repealing and replacing you. Your obsession with erasing everything our first Black president did isn't lost on any of us...
1 @senrobportman Ohio is ground zero for the opiate epidemic with over 5000 overdose deaths last year alone. Your constituents are literally
IDIOT
For shame @robportman. Your vote will harm the health and wellbeing of 1000s of Ohioans. We will remember your cowardice in November 2022
No honor
This is a dereliction of your duty and you should be ashamed. How you vote for a bill that you know is going to hurt your constituents-sick
What legislation? The legislation you and your buddies are so proud of you crafted it  behind closed doors? You are a coward & a liar.
You will be signing off on the end of your political career and you will always regret failing the people your serve for the sake of $$$
I hope the millions you sentence to either death or financial ruin forgive you for your craven cynicism. For shame.
You have failed Ohio. Again.
You're done. Enjoy the rest of your last term rich guy.
People are going to die because of your vote.
You should vote on the merits of the bill before you.  Craft a REAL bill.
