LOL
Your actions over the past six months have been truly shameful. Six years is a long time, but we will remember.
Oh. I'm remembering.
Remembering

just use Bipartisanship to fix what's wrong with ACA, and then let it continue helping everyone!
Drop the Democrat talking point language! "Access." Obamacare is NOT affordable. Time for term limits! You're an entrenched bureaucrat!
ObamaCare made insurance affordable to low income families.

YOU ARE TRYING TO TAKE IT AWAY.
We already have it. Your fighting to take it! Does @JohnKasich know your this spineless and cowardly? Curious...
By undermining Medicaid and destroying the Affordable Care Act?
If you had even an ounce of integrity you'd resign
Does affordable mean a 20% increase in premiums as projected by the CBO for 'skinny repeal'? No amount of opioid $ fixes this #StopTrumpcare
shameful liar.
I'm one of the 22 mil that would lose coverage thanks to your "yes" vote. Improve the ACA instead of following the GOP!
YOU ARE A CRIMINAL. Where are your morals??!?!!
You are devoid of a conscience or the truth. We used to call people that could only break things vandals. Now we call them Republicans.
You work for the special interest groups & lobbyists - you pander to everyone else.  #SwampSlime #TermLimits
....name one thing you can do to regulate insurance or pharma. You cant so don't lie
Or are you all wasting our time and money?
Sure you are. And I'm the tooth fairy. #pureevil
The people voted for Trump and the republicans to get rid of Obamacare all these liberals who want to keep it are on the losing side
You're on the losing side unless you're in the top 1% it's a tax cut for wealthy your screwed too
Why do people begrudge people who work hard and make a lot of money is it envy ?
I don't have anything but I'm happy for people who do and why should they have to give it to others through taxation they worked for it
I'm not sure you're understanding the system.
If you have a job they offer insurance you can not apply for Obamacare you have to take what your employer offers regardless of the premium
That's not true. An employer has to offer it if you can get ACA and it's cheaper you have the option
I'm telling you my personal experience if they are working for your brother more than 30 hours a week and he offers insurance no ACA
The north Ohio remembers. Winter is coming. Ohio is absolutely against repealing Obamacare. Stand up for once for the right side
And by low income I mean "low billions".  Ya know, my people.
Remember
http://Truth.You  are working to save your Senate seat.Period.Souless opportunist
@manes @cwpick21 @amygolf1 @ponymule  To @senrobportman  What did YOU get from Mitch for selling out your own constituents? #PartyB4Country
Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski chose to do the right thing, you didn't. We will remember.
You keep forgetting you can be voted out when you screw over your constituents.  Everyone has a vote unless you figure how to stop that too.
I never voted for you to begin with - b/c I knew you would screw us. And I can't wait to vote against you next election. If I'm still alive.
Bull-fucking-shit
Coward!
The hell you are. You're failing in your duty to do what's best for your constituents. Party before country is shameful & you should resign.
I'm building a life-size replica of the hanging gardens if Babalon all by myself, too
#NoTrumpCare
Then improve the ACA and vote no on all this other crap.
BS!
No you're not!
Please don't put these kind of tweets out cause it's not true. Come back when the truth serum is working.
You may as well move from Ohio too the rest of us are !
Yea right! Another puppet for the rich
Only R plan is to significantly reduce Medicaid&do nothing to improve the exchanges. does not help anyone but the rich who will get tax cuts
Actually no you're not.
Low-income Americans have access to affordable health care under ACA. You're trying to take it away from them. Stop lying. #ACARepeal
In states that expanded Medicaid under the ACA, low-income Americans already have access. You're trying to cut Medicaid. Stop lying.
Lol.
You're a fraud.  Running commercials in Ohio like you're concerned about the opioid crisis and you vote to proceed. FRAUD!
How?
Thank god I left that God forsaken state, zero jobs ,  too many knuckleheads there,
By screwing vets?
A shameful lie. Do you see that religious leaders & nuns are protesting & praying you don't strip healthcare away? How proud you must be.
No, but u can keep on swizzling the truth. About 75% of Americans r in favor of improve #ACA. But u keep on believing a fairy tale.
You voted to allow the exact opposite. Face up to your hypocrisy and deceit. People will remember, except those who die. Shame!
Mr. Portman - Your Statement is a LIE and YOU KNOW IT. 
STOP PLAYING WITH PEOPLE's LIVES. (and yes I am shouting!!)
We will remember your votes to take away our care, and your votes to send the individual markets into a death spiral. Shame on you.
I hope that is true though your vote to ignore regular order which invites experts & citizens to contribute to the law indicates otherwise.
Liar, liar. Ohio will remember your betrayal.
What an extraordinary example of Orwellian double speak. Bravo!
Then you woke up and fell out of bed
Liar.
Bull crap. Has lying become like breathing to you people? Either you don't care or you're ignorant. Which one is it Senator?
No, you're trying to take it away from the most vulnerable, like my daughter who has profound disabilities.  Shame!
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins are! You sir have no spine
How are you not listening to your constituents who are begging you to vote "no" on this bill? You should be ashamed and we will remember.
The blood of your constituents will be on your head. How much did your conscience cost you? What did you trade for your soul?
Could of fooled me!
Traitor!
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/health-care-senate-repeal-moderates-mcconnell_us_5978a2c7e4b0c95f3760892a …
Don't forget the Middle Class. We vote also.
Then make the current healthcare system work...Improve, not Repeal and Replace
Why don't you work to help all Americans to get affordable insurance and get government the hell out of healthcare!
If you really mean that, you should vote no on Trumpcare and get to work on stabilizing markets and improving the ACA.
Work harder.
Liar
No. You're doing the exact opposite. Please, for those people you say you're helping #VoteNo & start looking at a bipartisan solution!
You are letting us down.  Appears to be #JustTalk on your part.
Fraud.
Then you are really bad at your job.
Liar
If you care about low income access to health care you will NOT vote to repeal ACA!!
What are you smoking?? You must be high as hell
Can't believe you would vote on something you have no idea of.
how about working on behalf of all Ohioans and not just the 1% and the insurance industry. You let us down. 45177
Disgusting that you will take healthcare away from us.
That's a lie. You voted yes yesterday, knowing how devestating that would be to your constituents. We'll remember at reelection time. Trust.
You are a liar. You have betrayed Ohio.
Please stop lying. Best way to help poor is to fully fund Medicaid & to make it nationwide, no GOP governors should be able to opt out.

Your hypocrisy is why nobody believes you. Your insistence on hurting your own constituency is why people flee Ohio in droves.
This is a flat out lie.
You are wrong. The ACA hasn't made costs skyrocket, the private insurance system is the cause. This bill will cause vastly more harm.
@senrobportman Keep looking for you photo in the list of brace, American-protecting senators voting NO on healthcare fiasco.#disappointedrob
I'm pretty sure all the people tweeting their dissatisfaction with you will organize to get you out your next election. #organize #resist
Access? Schmaccess! Just give us #singlepayer.
I have "access" to a Roles Royce but I "can't" afford one. It's time you guys either work for us or get VOTED OUT COME RE-ELECTION TIME.
I'm not low income, I have health ins, my daughter has T1D & I have MS. What did you do for us? Sold us out to to let us die. Remembering
B.S. Senator.  Shame on you.
No, you're not. Not if you're voting for the Republican plan
Tweeting it doesn't make it so. Actions speak louder than tweets. You turned your back on Ohio and showed us you're a liar and a sell out.
You are trying to throw almost 1 million Ohioans off of their health insurance. They will remember. I am one of them #preexisting #SaveACA
We need it. The only way for us all to be insured is ONLY if you vote no on hc bill. I've done some research and it is what's best for us.
I'm working to help myself @senrobportman
No, that's not the way. Thanks for selling out Ohioans. You don't represent us. I should have learned after your DeVos vote. You are awful.
Dude- do you really think anyone believes that nonsense? You are working to take healthcare away from people.
Are you?  Really @senrobportman?  We see you.
Great but what about the people who work for a living who can not afford health insurance. The cost high and deductible thousands
Nope bud. Tell yourself that if it helps you sleep. You are transferring wealth from poor to rich, and sentencing your constituents 2 die.
You voted to strip 22 million of HC coverage
No you aren't, you are working to give yourself and Trump and other rich people a massive tax break and to screw everyone else.
This is your legacy, you awful awful man.
You sir, are a liar.
Remembering
You are pushing to kick 22 million Americans off of health care. We will remember in 2022.
The best way to help low income Americans get access to healthcare is to vote NO on anything Mitch McConnell proposes


Majority wants repair!
By voting to take insurance away from millions? That's some real 1984 doublespeak, @senrobportman. You sound more like Trump every day.
Shameful vote yesterday
Sure you are! Shame on all of you!!!

How so exactly, Mr. Portman? I'm working on the very same thing, to no avail. What is your plan, if I may ask?
A vote FOR the BCRA, which guts Medicaid? Can we agree you will stop tweeting about how horrible the opiod epidemic is?
Start looking for a new career Rob.
Accordingly, we will report to all 38 million AARP members how their Senators vote, via ads, our print publications, social media and more.
Etched in my memory.

This is the exact kind of bribe I warned you about. https://twitter.com/steventdennis/status/890011786539413505 …
W/ respect,Sen. Portman,I think at least 9 of your caucus members are working harder right now.  >400K constituent lives  in Columbus @stake
Vote no then!

No. You are working to take healthcare from people in order to give a tax cut to rich people.
I'm not convinced your party's leadership is concerned w/providing affordable & accessible #healthcare. Reach across the aisle! #ACA
U should have the same insurance. We will  remember!
U have a funny way of showing it. U have had 7 yrs. to make things better. You need to care for the elderly too. Make healthcare affordable.
We've seen your 'work'. You're working to take away healthcare from millions and you want applause. Character shows.
140 characters here on Twitter is not enough to aptly describe my disgust with you. You have failed your constituents and we will not forget
WRONG!!!!!!!
Bullshit - you don't have the guts to vote against your party lines - you have FAILED your fellow Ohioans@
Please just keep in mind the cancer patients who rely on Medic'd to stay alive. The expansion covered WORKING people they should not lose it
No you're not. This is an outright lie. Your votes today show it.
You are disgusting!  What do Trumpy & McConnell have on you??? OR what have they promised you?????
Save ACA. Really care about America and Americans!
YOU are a LIAR and from this day forward no one should ever trust you!!
Was working with Dems for their votes part of your work, too?
I respect that we disagree about the role of govt. and that healthcare is a human right. But pls don't insult Americans w drivel like this.
You are a liar.
Gotta differ with you Rob. You're seeking worthless cheap plans that help no one. Affordable and good can't be mutually exclusive.
#LIAR!!
Thank you @SenSherrodBrown for standing up for the health and well being of Ohioans. @senrobportman should take notes from you.
Very disappointed in you. Ohio deserves someone who will fight for their health and well being. Thanks @SenSherrodBrown for your vote!
No you voted against doing that actually and lost my vote in doing so. Thought you at least stood on principle proved me wrong today.
Why didn't you take a stand and vote no and be a good man? You should be ashamed of yourself. Its party and friends before the people for u
We will remember. Party over state & country
Have you been listening to us???  #complicit
Liar!!!!
Kasich pleaded with you to do the right thing for Ohioans, and you turned your back on them.   Shameful.  Be an American first or get fired.
Your words whisper to us, your actions are SCREAMING at us. My sister works at a rural hospital & has a pre-existing condition. THANKS ROB!
Repeal-and-replace Rob Portman
Access to healthcare is different than Affordable Health Care
Really?  NOT by voting for the BCRA bill you voted for tonight, you're not.  Losing belief in you...
Work harder and take a moment to read this
Hopefully we will find some way to get you out of the Senate Ohio does not want you
Bahahahahahaha!!! Did u tweet that with a straight face?
Remembering
You betrayed Ohio better start looking for a new job
Disappointed AGAIN by your vote...
You greedy SOB. We will not forgive nor forget. You are done in this state when your term is up. Hope your kickbacks were worth it.

You signed my death certificate today.  I'll make sure you are invited to my funeral so you can see what non treatment does to a cancer pt
Disgusting, that's what you are.  Don't answer phone calls, letters from your constituents, etc.   poor representation from you.
You should be ashamed of yourself for these lies.
You don't represent your constituents.  You are shameful and sold out to the insurance companies.  Leave us alone
Well you have a NO  vote from this Ohioan! We will remember!
That is all well Rob, however we are those low income Americans that cannot afford to use the healthcare you and yours left us with!
DO YOU GIVE THEM A PEN AND PAPER AND A PHONE BOOK?
Not so sure about that
YOU KNOW WHO DID 9/11 AND YOU SUPPORT ISRAEL.  JUST SICKENING. FOR CO-SPONSORING THAT BILL.  SHAME ON YOU TRAITOR.
HE IS A TRAITOR AND SUPPORTS ISRAEL AND WANTS OUR MOUTHS SHUT AND NO BOYCOTTING..IF YOU DO YOU'LL PAY DEARLY
20 YEARS IN PRISON AND 1 MIL.
I have neighbors who can't afford insurance premiums @ mkt rates. I have a daughter w Down Syndrome & husband with MS. Protect us.
You lie to Ohioans and yourself...just stop.
Either expand aca or give America universal healthcare.trumpcare will kick millions off healthcare including Ohioans
