Leadership and Trump do not belong in same sentence, and neither do you for supporting him
don't be fooled. He doesn't care. The HR health bill would have devastated and he didn't care. Stand up and call him out
you voted in favor of selling our data and privacy. I'll be voting for someone else
@Alliesuegirl @senrobportman As will I. And I'll be working for his opponent next election.
good for you!!
as long as you continue to be a puppet for Big Pharma, your spoken concern means nothing and will change nothing
probs shouldn't hold your breath
by repealing ACA and gutting Medicaid? Do you understand how funding works?
by taking away people's health care esp. for lower income americans
You are on the wrong side of history Rob. If only you had listened to your constituents, we could have saved you.
.@senrobportman lol @realDonaldTrump and leadership don't belong in the same sentence.
Seriously, Rob? Trump doesn't give a damn. You're nothing more than his lap dog. #rubberstamprob
yet he cuts funding to help with this epidemic. You've got 98000 problems but this aint one?
@MikeBishopMI He's appointing a commission. Like the one investigating 3 million illegal votes? Hold your breath for results.
While you're hanging out, ask him for his tax returns.
you need to drive this. Don't expect "leadership" from @POTUS. He's clueless.
Huh? a bit inconsistent in view of the GOP's policy regarding Medicaid expansion typical Trumpian antiintellectualism SO SAD!
legalize marijuana if you want to decrease heroin & pain Meds addiction. Huge decrease in OD deaths states where it's legal.
Why are there no addicts,  scientists or ER doctors on the committee?
you can't advocate for Trump and still care about the needs of Ohio. It's not possible
yeah but he things its a border problem
@RepMikeBishop He doesn't give a damn about these epidemics. He cares about his golf game.
I do as well, what will there be. To those trying to help combat it, appears everything to fight is being taken away #SAVEACA
Ha...and people said you weren't funnier than Huckabee.
heroin epidemic isn't going to mean anything when we can't breathe clean air, drink clean water, or grow food. #climatechange
Leadership? That is a joke. Wish y'all would have had all this compassion in the 80's re: crack. #BLM #hypocrisy #DoYourJob
Good luck on that!! His leadership is poor and he has no compassion or skills related to dealing with any form of epidemic
OMG.. he supported a health care bill with NO drug coverage!!! WHO are you kidding?
trumps leadership? Wow, I was so wrong about you. Trump is not the man you want to stand behind if you want to be re-elected
.@senrobportman What leadership and support? Has DJT even heard you talking about it?
"This is a total epidemic," says Pres Trump of opioid abuse. Says "its almost untalked about compared to the severity" of the problem. 
he is 1.2 million in donor money
how about welcoming an independent WH Russian connection investigation and we all would welcome his tax return. do yr job
.@senrobportman Trump is a disgusting crazy person who does not care about Americans. You're betting on the wrong horse.
it's a useless war that you will never win!  Legalize it all and put cartels out of business.
Rob what the hell is wrong  with you. Trump has no leadership.
thx for support
WHY AREN'T YOU TALKING ABT RUSSIATRUMP?? Hes not helping you, hes hurting us all. #letstalk #REALTownHallNOW #whatareyoudoing
Um, did you read anything about the AHCA bill he supported?
funny you're not so vocal about his leadership when it comes to Russia.
@RepMikeBishop how about asking Nunes to step away from the investigation??
I would welcome any demonstration of leadership from Trump. Sadly, I've yet to see any.
Trump doesn't care about anything but himself. Your tweetaide isn't doing you any favors with tone deaf tweets like this.
@RepMikeBishop it'll be great if he actually DOES something.
@realDonaldTrump lacks any 'leadership' or 'support' or, for that matter, empathy and conviction.
welcome help but don't expect it unless there's money to be made in addressing the problem. Trump is not  good partner.
I'm sitting on the edge of my chair waiting for you to explain how Trump has demonstrated leadership in anything. Crickets.
.@senrobportman @RepMikeBishop Uh huh. There is big money for big pharma in drug abuse. Good luck with that.
He has shown neither. If you are with @realDonaldTrump you are with big pharma who created the epidemic with @newtgingrich.
How is any of this important and necessary work going to get done if this Russian circus is not resolved?
Could be wrong but the world gets about 90% illegal  heroin from one place. Afghanistan. Pure coincidence...
Don't hold your breath.  It doesn't affect him.  He doesn't care.
ha. You are deluded. He will do nothing. And your voting record is adding to the problems. Your vote for Seema Verma for ex.
And yet your anti-intellectual solutions don't include medical marijuana?
POTUS is a habitual liar who lacks any leadership qualities. The last thing Ohio needs is him on their side.
You're funny.
"I welcome President Trump's leadership" - please...
wait...you used the words "Trump" and "leadership" in the same sentence. You're going to be disappointed....
think they call that an oxymoron
Senator, if this is true then why did our president try to eliminate treatment funding? Please speak out!
I WOULD welcome ...fixed it
