these the same experts that told you to vote for DeVos and ignore people asking you about it?
spineless. He won't stand up to his party. What does he stand for? Certainly not the education of Ohio kids
thank you for listening to experts and thinking critically about this important issue.
were you elected by experts or the people? Just remember that.
You need experts to tell you that?
cannot get through to your offices by phone. Poor representation. Vote NO ON Sessions and Pruitt. #stopsessions #StopPruitt
you sold us out
yeah. Here's what that looks like
@margbrennan What experts?  Obama's old guard?
@margbrennan good work Senator. Defenders of democracy
#PortmanTownHall for February 20th recess. Let's make it happen, people. Keep his phones ringing!
your vote for DeVos is all downside - there is no upside to her and her lack of qualifications for the job
Pressure China to stop being Russia's route to skirt sanctions. Ask your experts about Russia / Chinese trade deals.
was it George Washington that told you this? Maybe 52,000 Goerge Washingtons?
Please keep working to keep Russia in check!
Thank you
Devos is all downside for our children. She's a $51,000 upside for you though. How does it feel to sell your soul?
Were the "experts" you speak of 2.61in x6.14in, pale green, and adorned with slave-owners? Betsy DeVos gave you a bunch....
Voters said to vote no on DeVos and you still did. Sad!
Does Portman have integrity?
He justs follows the party line as with DeVos.
#TheResistance #ImpeachTrump 
#RussiaSanctions
, you needed experts to tell you that? Wake up!
Obstructionist turncoat! MGEDYAY and I mean it. American Christian Movement
you stand up tobtrump on Russia:great! But you fold on your own gay son and our gay kids with DeVos. Why?
You need some better experts. Remember an ex is a has been and a spurt is a drip under pressure. Check KSA and Soros links.
absolutely!I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed condemned violence in Ukraine,US restore peace in region,minsk agreements
failed and former "perts" have proven themselves wrong time and time again. Russia'll win, AND GOVERN THE MIDDLE EAST w/out U
Put money on it.
I hear you are hiding from your constituents after voting for the unqualified DeVos.  Come back and face us!!
FAILURE! SELLOUT!
@margbrennan there is an upside for all the "Trumpites" invested in Russia.

#sellout
I guess this is Portman being brave, unlike the vote for Devos today.
countless experts, in addition to the parents and teachers of #Ohio told you that #DeVos was all downside, no upside #sellout
sad day for Ohio education
Roll over Rob!!! Ashame to call you our Senator!!!!
.@senrobportman  Who? The same experts that told you to support Kasich for Prez instead of .@realDonaldTrump!  
There is no reason to lift Russian sanctions.
I hope that you accomplish whatever you need to before the next election. Ohio parents will never support you again. #sellout
In the immortal words of Homer J Simpson "DOH"
we will remember the day you betrayed our children--we will remember in particular when we vote.  You're out.
THIS IS GOING TO BE IN YOUR FACE - EVERY FUCKING CHANCE I GET / and i am an OHIO man who gets to vote and is not shy
what will it take yo "buy" you on this?  How much will djt have to pay?  Oh,  all he has to do is threaten you, like a bully.
Senator this question DOESN'T ARISE, unless you people, our elected leaders, roll over & give up our sovereignty!
The experts are absolutely CORRECT!
so you are gonna vote for it then???
And if Trump wants to remove them will you fight him or go along quietly? My bet would be on the latter.
you truly let down your constituents today. She bought u off. I was your biggest fan. So disappointing.
This is another reason to investigate Trumps connections to Russia as well as other representatives connections.
.@senrobportman you need to tell Trump that he will have to drop his man crush on Putin.
How much would an expert have to give you to change your mind, $52,000 maybe?
if it's the same experts that told you to confirm Devos - I'd find some new experts.
So can we count on you to oppose @realDonaldTrump on this?
How about that DeVos vote today?  You voted for donor $ and put party over your people.  Shame on you!  See you at the polls!
experts told me that when you engage in pay to play votes; you lose your cushy phoney baloney job
your voted for DeVos so clearly you don't care about the people in your state let alone your country.
we work diligently to remove you from office
Based on your glowing endorsement of DeVos I didn’t think you believed in “experts.”
experts told me you are going to need a new job
