Like what, exactly?
How about our seniors ? Why are they being overshadowed? We worked for years and the tax will kill us !
You didn’t ask me
You lied to them about the #TrumpTaxScam, didn't you? That's the only way you'd get "good feedback."
No attempt to talk to the working class voters, eh?
Companies who get tax breaks should have to prove that they used the tax money to hire more employees!!
I have found it is very easy to get good feedback when you only talk to people who already agree with your position.
You turned your back to us.  Stop lying.
The pending bill aims to make the rich richer at the expense of everyone else.
Hey Rob as a middle class man myself I think we should only give the #SmallBusiness 's tax breaks since large corperations already get more!
Large corporations also pay the majority of taxes, giving them cuts will allow for more investments into our economy by people with money
To be clear, I am referencing Federal Taxes and not State Taxes as I am not sure about those. But from what I understand, the theory above..
..is what they are attempting to implement. I know that it doesn't always end up that way because of tax loopholes corps have done before
will Ugive back $3,061,941 the @NRA gave U?
maybe Ucan donate it to charity in Las Vegas victim’s names instead of sending Thoughts&Prayers
But you're lying, Rob. You either don't understand math or you're blatantly lying. Both are problematic.
You talk to the  rich about giving them tax breaks & they react well.. dare you to talk to people in my neighborhood. Won't happen
I think you should focus on education. History mostly. You seem intent on repeating mistakes like Reaganomics, and what happened in Kansas.
Small businesses, fine. Large corporations & wealthy, no. The economy grows from the middle, not from the top, and GOP plan is gift to rich.
Is it so gratifying to get good feedback from local news owned Sinclair vs actual economists who recognize this as tax cuts for the rich.
Are they excited Trump cut the healthcare subsidies and won’t be paying insurance companies? Asking for a friend.
I tried to start a small business thanks to the ACA since I am a Type 1 Diabetic. Had to give up on my dream when the #GOP took control.
How about getting some feedback from regular constituents like me by holding a face-to-face town hall meeting?
Stop lying in exchange for money from the Koch brothers and put the people first instead of party and corporations.
What about the deficit?  WTF?!
Will you help stop our tax money going to NFL?

Why can't we hear and give feedback? Townhall please.
Your silence on the healthcare e/o is disappointing to say the least. Time to choose people over party 

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
No way we worked many years for this !
Read Katrina vanden Huevel"s piece in today's Washington Post abt the "great" Republican tax plan.  More give aways to the rich.
Did you get it from large sum donors, Rob?! Did you feel comfortable with the veracity of the, Rob? Do you sleep well at night, Rob?
My son-in-law in small business NEEDS #HealthInsurance that won't discriminate against #preexistingconditions or bring back #lifetimelimits!
Trickle down economics was tried with Ronald Reagan. It didn't work then and has less chance of working now with the Greedy business owners!
Folks. Please call his offices. You will need to be persistent. He wants feedback.
Just remember, their 1st priority is the bottom line, more than helping humanity, in most cases. Lower taxes ALWAYS mean less public svc's.
1,085.

Republican senator thinks $150,000 is a middle-class income in Ohio  https://shareblue.com/republican-senator-thinks-150000-is-a-middle-class-income-in-ohio/ …
Just please do not repeat on a national scale the mess that happened in Kansas. We need tax reform but debt reduction AND effective services
Yeah. b/c that's what people do with more money. Share amongst the common folks.
I didn't realize you were in the market for feedback, considered a #townhall???????
My invitation must have gotten lost in the mail.
And they all said rich should pay their fair share for a change, right?
If they say how many jobs and what the salary/benefits will be, maybe they can be believed. Otherwise, it's $ in their pockets,& campaign $

how do you need feedback on this? Did you have any doubts beforehand??
I'm sure the Koch Brothers are pleased that your twitter intern is back on topic after yesterday's pesky deviation into trafficking!
By adding $4 Trillion to the debt? Have you NO shame, sir?
I’m a small business owner...I NEED AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE!
as a former small biz mgr,  know what would've helped us most, more than tax reform? Affordable health insurance for my staff
Ignoring the danger caused by the befuddled and erratic 'leader' of your party makes you look weak and amoral. Have a great day, Robert!
#25amendment #TrumpIsAMoron #PortmanIsHisAccomplice
Care to share any of that detail?
My family owns a #smallbusiness. Need u to make healthcare affordable. We are paying THROUGH THE ROOF to cover our employees!!
Why not use earned income tax credit to give middle class a wage increase, which can buy goods and services from winning small businesses?
Make
America
Greedy
Again 

What do you Repubs have against the less fortunate?!  WHAT??!! Yet you all DARE quote Jesus's teachings. SHAME!
You are clueless.
Explain in lay people's terms exactly how this will help the middle class, please.
Keep in mind he doesn’t even know income levels for middle class.
I am sure you did. Because business owners & wealthy, like yourself, are the only ones that will benefit from Rs tax cuts. @indivisibledyt
At what cost to the most vulnerable?!  Shame on ANYONE demanding a tax cut while stripping elderly/poor/disabled vital help! SHAME!
Every small business owner I know cheats on their taxes. They know every trick there is.
Curious how #TaxReform increases small biz demands enough to increase workload and need for more workers? Please help!
Lower taxes for businesses doesn't mean more jobs, Robert. It means raises and bonuses to the upper class. They can afford it. We can't.
He hasn't figured out trickle down doesn't work. Or, he has and doesn't care. 
So you actually know what’s in it? How much do I save?
Call his office. Please. They will tell you he is studying the bill.
governmental agencies and actions have put more small businesses out of business than any tax cut for rich will create.
Finding a job isn't the problem; it's wages. Many people can't support a family with only one job. Tax cuts for bus don't mean higher wages.
why can’t they hire them now?
focus on what's important, first. priority number one is ejecting the commander and chief
I’m guessing in your case “good feedback” means they repeated your opinions back to you and you felt smart.

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
