If  you  want  to  help  the  middleclass,  you'd  better  not  cut  taxes  for  the  wealthy. Trickle down = BS
nice emoji usage 
 I'm working on it. At the same time, trying to not overdo it.
You failed. But I'm sure you're a very nice guy.
Shoot.
Tax code "out-of-date"... AGREED!!  Soo... What's the plan??  Trump has no specifics!! Simply ranting about % this or % that is NOT a plan!!
But NOT the over-rated trickle down economics fallacy please!  Giving tax cuts to the upper incomes DOESNT work. Look at the research!
National Cooperative Development Act.
Portman...  less talky. More do
The last two times you pushed #TaxReform gave rise to activist investors who forced jobs overseas. What NEW ideas do you have?
How about taxing corporations more for outsourcing & nixing offshore tax shelters?
How about investing in job retraining for jobs lost to automation & the dying coal industry?
How about a federal living wage?
How about universal healthcare?
How about supporting the DREAM Act? That's revenue lost if DACA ends.
How about about an in person town hall to discuss economic issues? You've ignored your constituents long enough.
You sound like Don the Con!  his tax plan will only help the rich.  Employers won't pay more wages with a tax cut. They will keep it moron
Must reduce taxes for middle class not the rich.
Okay, what tax exemptions are you thinking need to be cut? Enumerate them. Are is this just empty rhetoric to cover massive giveaway to 1%?
stop with the charade of helping the middle class...Your tax reform mainly benefits the rich
I agree with simplifying and closing loopholes but when djt and the #AltRight GOP say #TaxReform it is a euphemism for #richtaxbreak
#RobBot
Apparently reality takes quite a long time to trickle down to the @GOP as well...
Then don't give breaks to the rich! Btw, look at history, tax cuts have never helped our economy boom. Reps making the same mistake again.
Why wasn't a plan already in place to revise the tax code?  You've had 8 years. You did nothing behind the scenes while the Dems hammered us
You've been in the Senate the better part of a decade, do you do anything other than tweet and photo-ops?
Scott I love your tweet
I love your hat!
What's your plan exactly? Please share.
Taking away my deductions for property taxes, state and local income taxes, and mortgage interest paid is not going to help me, Senator.
Citizens:DACA, healthcare, rampant bigotry
You: the tax code
What have you done during your years in Congress? Just incase you didn't realize it, Congress, the "we," wrote the laws that made this mess!
We've been through this before....trickle down does not work
Undo everything that Reagan did to ruin the middle class and you'll have a good start.  Stop giving all of our money to the rich grifters!!
Decades out of date ...just like a lot of our leadership in DC. Too. Dang. Easy.
You hit the nail on the head!
Are you developing the Tax reform bill in a bipartisan manner in committees or in a back room with six GOPers?
So @realDonaldTrump wants to tax our 401k account and get rid of mortgage interest credit ? That screws the middle class
Stop spouting the meme that jobs r coming back. JOBS AREN'T COMING BACK. @senrobportman read up on robots. Get real & create real solutions
When will trump companies bring jobs back? Why are they making products overseas?! #hypocrisy #realnews America needs a #fairdeal 
Cool. So you're going to raise taxes on the ultra wealthy even if they are your donors and reduce them on the middle class?  No? Hmm...
Time for action.
Taxing 401ks upfront would help the middle class HOW?
Stop this!  Use your own damn words & not those fed to u!  Stick up for us against Trump!

1/ @senrobportman, I read your full statement on the trump admin's #DACA annoucement. Here's my full statement on your statement: https://twitter.com/senrobportman/status/905182091930939393 …
Cutting corporate tax does not help middle class. Neither does taking away mortgage deductions. #TrumpMath #Reaganomics
Will you really protect the middle class? It's looking like a boondoggle for the rich so far. #taxreform
Where will you cut to replace the revenue lost? Why not fix ACA first so millions won't lose ins. You do understand that millions are people
So. You AGREE with @potus? Hmm #maga #deplorables @foxnews @dailycaller @circa
Taking resources away from middle, lower and poor AND taxing them more, while taxing corporations less and wealthy less is not how!!!
Start with universal healthcare.What good does anything else do,if we're all bankrupt from healthcare costs?We will remember next election
That's a first for u. #fakefoxnews
It is out of date. We need to close loopholes on the top 1%, and raise their taxes in general. The rich need to pay their fair share
Giving tax cuts to the wealthy and huge corporations does not help the middle class.  Never has, never will.
Make sure the GOP doesn't tax 401Ks to pay for tax cuts for the super rich. That would not help the middle class.
But you're going to try to #RobthePoor! That a #taxscam
The do it Senator.  Stop the talk and start the walk!
DO NOT tax my 401k. Wall Street already destroyed it in 2008. DO NOT gamble with my retirement. Signed, the Middle Class.
Middle Class taxpayers help Walmart pay its employees with FOOD STAMPs.
We need higher wages for the working class!! Not tax cuts for the rich and corporations!!
Trade reform brings jobs back. Enforcing worldwide environmental & worker standards evens the playing field. Cutting taxes provide giveaways
What jobs?
Yes yes yes finally on right track with priorities!!
I'll believe it when I see it. The spineless @GOP is all talkie talkie look over here while I prepare to stab the working class in the back.
No tax cuts for the rich!
So do something for once instead of tweeting about sex trafficking and opioids. Go write a bill, you piker.
3rd tweet I've seen on tax reform. 1 vague tweet on #Dreamers. Let's discuss your priorities...
35% corp tax rate is myth - EFFECTIVE rate somewhere between 13-19%.
and yet you are not really planning on doing that;i do not expect to see a DIME in crease...this is all bullshit...you only support business
And so the new talking points begin...  Show us POTUS' tax returns first, then we'll trust #Republicans on #taxreform #ohio
Good rundown of awful GOP tax plans...
Trump's tax "plan" is a handout for billionaires and corporations that would explode the deficit and set the middle-class back even further. 
tax cuts for the rich, again? Damn!
Oh shoot. It was just going to start trickling down too
First is to #SaveDACA and then we can talk about 'tax reform'.
If only proposed reforms were aimed at the mdl class/jobs.  Huge tax cuts for corps. & wealthy? No study supports trickle-down economics.
Taxes are not why corporations are overseas. Instead of a tax cut for corp welfare recipient Walmart, make it pay a living wage.
Is there tax breaks for large corporations and a tax break for capital gains or is it for middle class and small businesses the black one
for christs sake shut up and do something constructive
Foster children go missing everyday with no one searching for them. It's time the state admits the foster system is "broken big time"
By taking away our mortgage interest and state tax deductions and adding a new 401k tax?! No thank you! Just keep doing nothing. We're safer
Most jobs have been lost to automation. Not out sourcing.
So is Trump.  So are his supporters.  Back to the to a, I believe?
Here we go again. It is called a tax cut for the rich. Stop trying to bait and switch. The American people can see right through the bs.
@Senate @Congress @SpeakerRyan @NBC @ABC @USA @Ohio Bring USA Jobs Back To USA Starting With The Trump and Ivankas Products They Have Made!
hey #intern just randomly adding #hashtags makes your tweets #look extra stupid
Do away with the death taxes I have title to my property why.I have to pay taxes to i die. .
Yes, decades out of date! We should return to the tax code of the 70s, when the ultra rich weren't given a free ride like today.
