Oh please. YOUR party and your propaganda outlets like Fox, Limbaugh, Breitbart have been lying and demonizing Democrats for over 2 decades.
You lie about climate change, voter fraud, ACA, BLM, Muslims, immigrants, LGBTs, & others. To be Republicon now is to have no integrity.
This comment is helping in the disinformation effort by intimating that you know the Presidents administration is not complicit. You don't
Will Flynn and Manafort be part of that commission?   It seem par for the course in 45's admin to use THEM. #followthe$$
Duh. Most of us know this. It's that GOP gang in Washington that ignores this. Party first, country be damned.
You're right the republicans must stop supporting trump and let him sunk or swim on his own
You're so right. So stop toeing your party line and stand up for our democracy.
So, the Senate Intelligence Committee is working on that.
Finally you're saying something that makes sense. What are you going to do about it?
Well news flash then... it's gonna fail!
Remember that time your boss Mitch wanted Obama to be a one term president?
The Dems and some Bipartisan people are working very hard to fix that, so you are correct, Repubs should get on board!!
Would you mind letting the WH and POTUS in on that little tidbit of information please....
Only one party is saying it might be OK
@senrobportman true, but it's Trump not taking it seriously & sorry but GOP & right seems much better pushing disinfo than Dems.
votes in support of treasonous @realDonaldTrump 95.3% of the time. Don't be fooled by his phony concern & outrage!
I'd like to know which post office it was that Portman disagreed with renaming.
Really  you a smiling member of @SenateMajLdr secret 13 C'mon Rob this BS sounds like someone home for the Holiday and dogging townhall mtg
Explain why Trump's obsessed over nonexistent vote fraud & accusing GOP & Democratic secs of state of conspiracy instead of Russian hacks.
Your boss is the chief disinformation outlet. Stop acting like his behavior is acceptable. You actually support this man. Why, senator?
How does sharing our personal identifiable information with #TrumpRussia make Americans safe? We don't want to play your reindeer games.
Correct. Maybe let McConnell, Ryan and POTUS know this, if you can sneak past Bannon.
Yea.  So #BrandNewCongress end the #Duopoly.
#peoplesPartyNow
Agreed. Most of the country believes serious action is needed. Do you? Does your party leadership? Does your president?
And Rob, what are you doing about it besides milquetoast tweets?
Were the Podesta emails not accurate?  How can 'actual facts' be "disinformation?"   Should we give Russians credit for doing media's job?
It is a republican President who is trying to bully a stop to this investigation. I am sure that is what you meant?
Where is your leadership on this.  You've been rather quiet when @POTUS denies these issues.  Time to #doyourjob
They investigate Clintons and DNC hacking or maybe why Seth rich was murdered
The person you support as President led a racist campaign of lies against President Obama for 7 years!! Demand HE apologize or you're coward
Kevin McCarthy already told us how involved the Republican Party is in using disinformation to win elections. You now enlisted the Russians
URA Fraud.
Trump disclosed Israel top secret intelligence to  Russian ambassador and foreign minister, about an Islamic State terrorist plot. #staywoke
You back a president who doesn't believe in facts and uses Fox News as propaganda to feed his ignorant supporters. Do something!
What does it tell you when trump denies a pattern of disinformation? Stop acting like you care and start attacking the source
And what are you DOING about it?!?!  I'm a constituent from 44107.
It is not a partisan issue, it's an American issue.
Um...About that. You may want to look under the covfefe
sure could have used some non-partisan help during the OBSTRUCTION DAYS OF POTUS #44! 
  NO TAX CUTS TO GUT ACA.!
NO TAX REBATES !
GREED!!
Your president embraced that disinformation campaign and used it to help get him elected. What do you suggest be done about that?
So. Senator Portman. Did you just wake up or what? The most disinformation is coming from the White House. What are you doing about it?
Correct. So stop supporting a president and WH who refuses to admit the problem
So why aren't the Republicans doing something? Obstructing yes, bipartisan efforts, big R-No. President still thinks it's a hoax!
So will you cross the isle and put your country before your party?
How are you gonna convince @realDonaldTrump that this is happening? Let alone his supporters? 100% of them voter for you too Senator.
I want liable laws loosened, to force journist to have evidence! Rebuild our trust in media, then they can counter foreign info.
Word salad anyone?  Country before Party!
No i don't want domestic news paid to feed us propaganda! I will never trust our media, if its paid for by CIA! That's more dangerous to us!
And who's fault is that, Senator? 
Republicans like yourself pontificating about partisanship is like the NRA promoting gun control. #NONSENSE
Country before party.
I'm ok w/ partisanship, its through a competition of ideas that we thrive. What we lack is civil discourse & a recognition of fact and truth
Can you tell me what you are doing to make things better? Details discussed at a town hall with us would help immensely
Agreed.  When is the GOP going to step up to the plate?
You SAID A MOUTHFUL! Anyone who impedes such an investigation is guilty of obstruction and should go directly to JAIL! #realnews #justice
I will go even farther and say they are a TRAITOR to the US--!! #realnews #benedictdonald #justice #nationoflaws
What does this even mean? Are you finally standing up to Trump or nah?
So, what are you doing about it? Stop stating the obvious and take action.  By the way, when is the town hall meeting?
Or, in the case of Republicans, a non-issue.
Yep
I am a constituent. Why do you continue to support the Russian Republican agenda? Country BEFORE party. You are culpable in this travesty.
Just spewed coffee on the screen.  #PaperBallots.  Solve #RussiaHacking, @VP + Kobach's election theft plan with one good policy move.  #Go.
Senator, is your message aimed at the administration? They seem to be the holdup in recognizing the threat from foreign govt
Yes, and?
Rob, it's inherently a partisan issue as the biggest actor in foreign disinformation and election manipulation focuses on helping 1 party.
Now, as a GOP insider, I'm all about getting that sweet sweet Ruskie help. But it is a little but one sided. Just the way I like it!
....so, does that mean you believe the Russian interference and collusion?  And, what are you going to do about it?
https://www.opensecrets.org/industries/recips.php?ind=H04 …++ $380k from Big Pharma #DrainTheSwamp
GOP voted to let untraceable $ flood into campaigns, selling our democracy to the highest bidders:
Leave out the word foreign. Still true. When will you #speakup abt Trump's disinformation & propaganda? Wheres your nonpartisanship on that?
Why are you trying to take away elderly Ohioans Medicaid benefits?
2 be fair, I don't think he is "trying" to do this. But need 2 make sure it doesn't happen. He needs 2 lead--and not follow--on health care.
You expect Trump,McConnell, and Ryan to be anything but partisan? You do attend Senate meetings, right?
How about domestic disinformation efforts like those of our president? What are we going to do about those?
