
Graham: "The skinny bill as policy is a disaster. The skinny bill as a replacement for Obamacare is a fraud." (via @MSNBC) 
I wish you felt the same passion for Americans healthcare and making sure ALL Americans have quality healthcare. Vote NO on repealing ACA
Sorry, we see right through you! Victims of human trafficking need health care too! Shame on you for voting for skinny Repeal!
Investigate @realDonaldTrump modeling company
This real?
What about your president's involvement with his trump modeling agency . . .?
Hear you're Presiight have been involved in human trafficking back in the nineties, might want to start looking into that!
I understand you want to distract; but this is too important. The Skinny Repeal Bill is NOT good for Ohio - you owe it to us to vote NO.
In fairness (and he has been hiding, so I don't blame you) this isn't a distraction. If only they could subpoena Mannaford same way.
You know what human trafficking survivors will need? HEALTHCARE. You cannot claim to care about them while voting to make their lives worse.
Remember this as Mueller reveals findings about Trump Models and ties to Mogilevich. RU Mafiya complicity is treason.
Your healthcare vote impacts human trafficking victims.
If you treat trafficked victims like you treat healthcare & jobs I'm not sure how you tax cuts for the rich. Ah...Trump modeling agency
Attended a seminar a year ago. When people come 2 our door I ask them if they feel safe. Ohio #1 in interstates/truck stops. Must do better
Why don't ALL WORK TOGETHER WITH YOUR PRESIDENT, and end the nightmare of Obamacare, you cowards! #TermLimitsNow
What about comprehensive health insurance for all so victims can receive counseling and care!
No skinny repeal! You keep saying you don't want our premiums to go up. Voting yes will make them do that! Vote no!!
HEALTHCARE is the most important factor right now Rob. The American people need healthcare and you are not serving the needs of OHIOANS.
Also you need to oppose that silly wall
If you cared about victims of human trafficking, you would be trying to ensure that they had access to healthcare instead of taking it away.
Please don't let us down. WE NEED YOUR NO VOTE.
Abolish Modern Slavery!!
Might want to check your President who is a low-life thug
Why don't you do as much for citizens who need out if Obama care.  You should have voted straight repeal.  got us out of this disaster Wimp
We're going to work together to stop you from ever being re-elected.
Dude. Look at all these tweets. Do you think we are stupid?
And the answer is?
Why will a conference committee in the house produce a bill 50 Senators will vote for if conferencing WITHIN THE SENATE didn't?
FORGET ABOUT DISTRACTING US! VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE!
Please don't fall for the 'conference' promise in exchange for your yes vote. It will never happen!!
I can appreciate slight of hand as much as anyone, and this is a serious issue, but this is @D_Copperfield level. #notdistracted #SaveACA
If only you weren't a Loyalist. "Republican Party is the most dangerous organisation in human history"- Noam Chomsky
I'm sorry you seem to be doing the Trump Tweet strategy..  Distraction on days of discussion.  Not a fan.   Ohio- call this man about HC.
Do you want to betray citizens of Ohio. You know any ass kissing of trump will not help Ohio. He will never forgive Kasiach. Be true
yeah right nice work on repeal and replace lies lies
Do you also agree with trump no Russia involvement stance, senator Portman?
Are you a trump puppet...and by association, Putin puppet, senator Portman?
Don't vote against ACA work to improve. Don't succumb to trumps ego
Vote no on the "Skinny Repeal".   Americans deserve more than this makeshift "solution"
Does this make sense?
"The crazy thing is, they say they don't actually want it to become law" http://bit.ly/2v28PBb 
PORTMAN TAKES HEALTH INSURANCE FROM FAMILIES. ANYONE WHO SUPPORTS HIM, I DON"T SUPPORT
Your own governor urged you that a "yes" vote would be a mistake. This will not go to conference, McConnell double talks!!!
Saw the film. You look weak and ineffective in it. Seems spot on.
Vote no on the skinny repeal!  Ohio is waiting for you to do the right thing!  The House is ready to rubber stamp it as soon as you vote!
how about something more than a 'we'll see' on your presidents batshit policy-setting-via-twitter on transgender people in military. sad!


A Senate GOP aide said that we are "operating under the assumption the House will pass the skinny as is tomorrow."
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/no-guarantees-house-to-meet-with-senate-on-skinny-obamacare-repeal/article/2629907 …
No more movie recommendations. Just stop the garbage healthcare bill frm becoming law. Ok?
We already have a garbage HC bill in affect!
Actually, we must work together to provide affordable healthcare for all, but instead you just want to kill babies.
Tweet faster.  We can still see the one where you commit to voting for garbage legislation so you can say you "repealed and replaced" ACA.
Dear Lord I hope this is just an auto-twitbot that repeats itself at random intervals because THERE IS OTHER STUFF GOING ON RIGHT NOW!
red herring
U BETTER VOTE NO NO NO ON THE HEALTH BILL
where will trump get his next wife???
Terrible, of course. But aren't you in the Senate now making decisions that will affect millions of people? Have the guts to vote NO? Hopeso
You MUST KEEP YOUR PROMISE OF REPEAL & REPLACE Obamacare, I am an Ohio voter, YOU HAVE LOST MY VOTE !
On a serious note, what if the victims of these "heinous crimes" need to seek medical attention? Are they covered? #SinglePayer
Nope, not when he is done selling out.
Mustn't we also ensure affordable, accessible healthcare for the victims of human trafficking, Senator?
I would appreciate this tweet a lot more if I didn't feel it were just a distraction from the horrible healthcare bill you're trying to pass
Stop tweeting and answer your phones! Multiple house reps confirmed they're not going to conference. Why lie?
Work together on a bill that you will want the house to pass or just one that you hope they conference but don't pass? Healthcare Rob!

This headline says it all. https://twitter.com/politico/status/890665365742657537 …
You might want to look into trump then rob.
