Maybe if you all didn't deliberately try to sabotage it . Stop being a waste of space and actually do something that helps.
@senrobportman stop wasting time trying to repeal and work on fixing #ACA. We can't afford to wait or repeal!
If it's not working, but you can't think of anything better, it's probably best to fix it, no?
Working ok for me and mine. Medicare for all would be better though. Vote no on this bill.
Your president keeps insisting that the bill has to be draconian to satisfy the Freedom Caucus. That can't be good for Ohioans. Maybe if...
...you tried to work with moderates from both parties you could improve what we have. Dividing the country by ideology or wealth will be...
...our downfall. Let's not go back to the days of nobles and serfs, lest the serfs start an uprising to overthrow their oppressors.
Our country has survived many upheavals in a couple hundred years, mostly because we kept policies in the middle. Either extreme won't work
It has needed tweaked. Start with regulating insurance companies. They're awful and everyone knows this.
The ACA is working for many people.  Keep the parts that are working, and fix what's not working, then rename it & call it a win.
P. 1 then why is this #smallbiz owner outside your Cols office saying it's good for him and his employees?
Then work with @SenSherrodBrown and the Dems to create one. Make sure you and all then others are required to participate in this program
I agree @mrphil94100 If they had to participate in the system they've created I guarantee they would be working together 
Your party's sabotage is creating havoc w/ ACA....you care more about winning & deleting black presidents accomplishments than constituents
Don't reinvent the wheel. And maybe ask some WOMEN for their input.
As I've said many times, you sold your soul. Party over country. Fixed it for you.
No, you aren't. You are not doing that at all. And you know it.
We know it can be improved. It can also be made much worse. McConnell bill is much worse. It's #CullTheHerd
This is not a better system!
Better scrap the AHCA bill modified by you and the Senate
ACA is not perfect. It IS a VAST improvement on what we had, and offers more coverage and protections than current bill.
Is it possible that ACA is failing because it can't be stabilized because GOP has tried for 7 years to dismantle it.
Good news!  You don't have to create a better system!  Just fix the parts of the current system that are not working!
Why not just IMPROVE it where it falls short?  Explain. I rarely get through to your office and if I do,they don't answer this question
Also whatever system you decide to use. ALL D.C. Politicians should be required to use! #termlimitsforallelectedofficials
So make ACA better. That's your job!
P.3 in fact, a nonpartisan poll conducted by @SmlBizMajority shows #SmallBiz #smallbizprefer ACA to AHCA 2:1. Most owners identify as Rs
@SenSherrodBrown  Then make it better. Medicare for ALL!
how can insurance companies provide reasonably priced, beneficial, consistent services in that volatile environment?
Then do it. Hold open discussions with democrats and healthcare industry to make ACA better. Talk to people.
Two words: single payer. Why even deal with insurance companies?
Odd timing for your statement after the fact that the bill was already pulled. I noticed that no statement was made after bad CBO#s came out
Where are the stats? Those who say they have no health care because aca vs how many are using it including those gained it due to #aca rules
The ACA is working for this Ohioan!
P.2 or this small business owner? She credits Medicaid expansion with being able to start her #smallbiz
I own a #smallbiz in Ohio. The ACA is working well for me. Jeopardizing preexisting conditions guarantee would harm small businesses.
All children deserve healthcare, all people deserve healthcare.  Don't put the elderly& disabled on the street to protect your seat.
I fail to see your commitment
Yea we will see. The country is watching you
Tell us your plan. I'd be interested to hear it. I suspect, however, that you don't have a clue.
You had 7 years bozo!
Work with other Senators who want to fix the healthcare.
USA: sink backed up. 
Republicans:
ACA will work 'better' if you would fix the flaws-it is NOT broken except as you've crested uncertainty. Fix it, don't repeal/replace. Plz.
Closed door meetings with 13 white men is not the answer. Open the doors. Listen to the people.
Single payer!
It could work. Fix it! Take steps to bring down hc cost instead of premiums, which will follow. Limit pharma profits. Do single-payer.
On eve of Obama's inaugural Republicons met & pledged to OPPOSE EVERYTHING he wanted. You put party over country. Work w/Dems to improve ACA
Thank you , but don't be bought off.
Like single payer healthcare for all?!
Then walk across the aisle and talk to the Dems and women.  Both can be quite helpful.
Single payer
Expand Medicaid to all and eliminate the residually redundant departments.
Why not fix the issues with the #ACA instead of implementing a system that causes millions to lose healthcare
I am glad you want a bill that will work for the most vulnerable.  How about working in a bi-partisan framework
The ACA is working in so many ways. Always room for improvement.  Fix it, no repeal!
can my grandson get the same insurance you have. He's sick and republicans want to take his insurance away
Work with the other side to fix it. Do your job. Act like you're a member of the greatest deliberative body in the world.
Why aren't you working with Sherrod Brown and Kasich? Show some Midwest sensibilities and sense of community. Trump er al don't know Ohio.
W/ ACA employees could get insurance thru the individual market cheaper than small businesses could in any market.Gave pay increase to help
I am a #SmallBiz with many 40-50 yr olds w/ pre-existing conditions. Raising caps to 5x hurts them! Weakening benefits hurts them!
Lies. Lifeline for entrepreneurs like myself
Step 1- repeal.  Step 2 - get the government out of it
The rate of medical bankruptxies are down in America. 25m more people have health insurance. Working poor on the edge of financial survival.
The silent majority who elected Trump by 8 and you by 20 want it repealed, but fight for a better deal than currently offered
It was an improvement, Rob. The @AmerMedicalAssn now opposes the pending Senate medical disaster.

https://www.ama-assn.org/ama-announces-opposition-senate-health-system-reform …
Especially now with Republican sabotage! Work with Dems to fix what's wrong, don't repeal!
Have you ever heard of SINGLE PAYER??????
Your bill is NOT better! I am a #smallbiz owner in Ohio, people will be back in the ER & all premiums will skyrocket! Your voicemail is full
And we can both agree that legislation centered on tax cuts for the wealthy and cuts to #Medicaid is NOT the way to a better system. Right?
And McConnell bill is in NO WAY  a better system-which you know-thus making your refusal to oppose it until after it was shelved infuriating
Waiting until bill was yanked to say you're against it? Not a fan of Cruz or R. Paul, but they at least had courage to make stance known
Then modify the ACA, do not trash it & do not dump Medicaid enrollees, so many recipients  have mental & chronic illness, & disabilites.
Sure it is. Millions more insured. Markets would be more stable if GOP didn't try to sabotage it.
Then work on the open, and cooperate across the aisle, like Dems did for the ACA
"but I think I can do so without consulting my constituents or policy experts, or by holding hearings in my health subcommittee."
it's time to push towards a Single Payer system
Then improve ACA for Ohio families, not repeal it.
But your concerns occurred AFTER the vote was postponed.  Not exactly a profile in courage.
You don't like federal money subsidizing health care. That's the bottom line. It's contrary to your ideology. Ohio could turn on you.
Thus The Better Care Reconciliation Act, which you have every intention of supporting at the behest of your Fuhrer Trump.
Surely you could look into improving the ACA in a bipartisan way?
How about undoing the Republican sabotage to the risk corridor and letting the ACA work? Single payer would also be good.
Portman you know that is a lie.  Earlier this year in Cincinnati there were 56 different plans available!  You know that is true.
going to hold ya to this Rob ............. don't let us down !!!!!!! #StopTrumpCare
This current senate legislation certainly isn't it. You are not protecting families if you vote for it. You are causing tremendous harm.
It IS working for millions. Fix it so it works for ALL. Repeal is not necessary. #killthebill
You were publicly undecided on the bill until Tues. when you announced your opposition after McConnell agreed to yank it from consideration.
A plan that lets me choose between "dead" and "bankrupt" because I was born with a preexisting condition doesn't sound better to me.
Where are all the pro trumpcare replies, senator? Listening to both sides. Whata bunch of horse$%÷t.
Many is not a majority.
Then, you will work to stabilize the Exchanges?
Then reach across the aisle already!! Stop playing partisan BS tactics. Do you not see how transparent you are?
Universal health care,single payor.
Time will tell
#Wealthcare is a tax cut for the rich not healthcare Vote no Thank you a constituent PS it would be nice to get a live voice at DC office
When are the town halls?
Why don't you improve on what is already working with the #ACA. Work with dems, hold public hearings, and meet w your constituents.
Hello? Are you not listening? It works for more than not. Put away big money. When are your open town halls? I am one of your constituants.
So fix it.  Don't repeal it and make more people worse off.  Show some leadership.
Then take the time to make it better! No secrecy   Actually get input from your constituents not lobbyists.
It seems you are more interested in cutting taxes for those that don't need tax cuts than providing healthcare to those that need healthcare
Notice they always say "many" and not "the majority." Otherwise they might have to acknowledge it's overall success.
The.  Senate.  Bill.   Is.  Not.  It.
Yes, AFTER they said they would delay the vote?  Fix the ACA..that's all you have to do
And you think the AHCA is that system? That is pure manure, and you know it. Because we keep calling you and telling you.
Then fix it instead of creating something worse.  Have you no common sense????

YOU are not working for many #Ohio families. If you were, you'd have a #REALTownHallNOW & #talktoUS. You'd #standup 4 us BEFORE bills fail.
Then reach across the aisle and come up with bipartisan solutions.  In the open.  Where the public can monitor the Senate.
DO NOT VOTE FOR THE AMERICAN HEALTHCARE ACT! And check your VM - it's full.
That you had tried over 50 times to kill ACA proves you are nuts. Let it go, and so some real work.
Then work with Dems. ACA was working. Quit cozying up to special interests & rich Republican donors who don't care about your constituents
It is working for a lot of OH families that otherwise wouldn't have coverage. You are towing the party line and that doesn't work.
Great! Better as in improved, not an inclusive program that benefits a distinct group of people
How about giving all Americans access to the Federal Employee Benefit system?Huge pool of insured; huge pool of insurer choices.
Still market driven; though insurance companies, like the health Bill are morally reprehensible.#resist
Thank you. Please keep communicating honestly with us. ACA needs reform-not repeal.  U know Ohioans cannot afford to lose this fight.
Yes, and please ensure that the president stops scuppering the ACA- make him honor the commitment
Then you will welcome open hearings, public input, and bipartisan debate? Better process = better results. #democracy
With all due respect, the AHCA is not the answer. We need to be a kinder, gentler nation that doesn't cast off those in need.
Can U please tell us what a tax cut for top 0.01% has to do w/healthcare? Congress has duty 2 properly tax insurers as needed
Tell your party to stop sabotaging ACA and tell Trump to stop comments that destabilize insurance markets.
Then fix it in bipartisan group.  Remove tax cuts for rich and help Ohio
One question...
Why is "MY" healthcare such a partisan issue? My "failing" heart is an independent! 
There should not be an aisle!
SINGLE PAYER
Offer it as an option..see how many turn it down
There are over a hundred cosponsors of house bill #hr676. People support it 2 to 1. Only the rich and large corporations don't want it.
Thank you for your leadership and opposition to the current bill. #Medicaid cuts too steep - elderly/disabled at great risk.
You could tweak the ACA. Why throw the baby out with the bath water? Oh, right. GOP plan cuts maternity requirement. Bye, baby-
Right, the ACA is not working. But do not replace it with ACA-light. Completely repeal. Not the Gov’ts job to provide insurance in any way.
Has anyone in your family needed assistance YET?  Hope you never do although then you might understand desperation
"better" is not one of the words I would use to describe the current proposal. Voting no then?
That's great.
Please address Life Time Caps! Do not permit Insurance Co. to throw you our because of one Illness.
And I'm telling you it IS working for many people.  If you had a townhall with real people you might hear their stories.
Seniors in rest homes on the street Children left with no healthcare is a better plan
And your "better system" includes millions in tax cuts to the richest and is based on ineffective trickle down economics. Pathetic.
Just assuming you didn't have enough characters left to finish your sentence with "...for all Ohioans and US citizens."
There is a better system. #SinglePayerNow
Worked for me. It assured me coverage til I got back to work & after. It's how the nonprofits I know protect the health of their employees.
If you're looking for a better system, what the Senate just put out isn't anywhere close. Do the right thing and vote no.
It was never intended to be the final destination, just the beginning of the journey. Modify the parts that aren't working. Make it better!
Stop wasting time and energy reinventing the wheel! Do your job and represent your state!
You done nothing but try to kill it.A better plan is big tax breaks and tax payers money to health care CEOs Seniors paying 5 time more
Please reassure us that AHCA is *not* your idea of "better."
Step one- GOP needs to quit undermining/destroying the ACA. Step two- listen to experts and fix it. You'll be a hero.
Seven fcking years!
Are you though? Honestly, it doesn't feel that way.
you have had years to do it , now nothing , SAD
So you'll be voting no on this bill right? It can't be fixed. Reach across the aisle and fix the ACA.
Thank you. Fix the ACA or Medicare for all, please.
Then PLZ work WITH Dems to create a system that works for all. It will not happen in a week. PLEASE VOTE NO ON THIS HEALTHCARE BILL (please)
Great. Work with D's on a bipartisan solution to the issues with the ACA. May take time, but would be worth it. You can lead the charge!
Senator Portman, please let’s do away with the penalties! If you can’t manage that, then why do anything?
Fix ACA. Current Republican bill's are flawed, callous and immoral. Nation needs bipartisan solution. Enough!
Then why do it in secret with only those from your party?
P.S. You suck at this.
Please be speaking the truth
Just fix the ACA. #TrumpCareKills
No, you are dedicated to giving us some kind of horrific GOP plan and millions of us will lose coverage.
#Repeal only. The private sector will resolve what needs to be resolved. We voted to repeal it, not replace it.

It's called single payer
