.@senrobportman Disinformation will continue to be a problem as long as POTUS accuses credible media of being #FakeNews
We get more disinformation from Trump than we do The Onion, and they tell you that's what they're doing. They're sarcastic. He's a liar.
While you're at it, see if you can get him to stop claiming that all media that don't support him are fake news. Undermining 1st Amendment
Yep. Thanks Faux News for starting something that was so successful everyone is doing it now!!!
Sir, is that an excuse and justification for all the rules Trump has broken? Face what's going on now. We've never had a @POTUS like him!
Well then, *do something* about it... and now!  Don't just talk about it.  Our election process was compromised! #ohio #trump
What about the bid offender, Trump? And his incitement to violence, the bullying? Speak out for God's sake.
Wrong Rob damn GOP does not want to even admit, investigate and develop preventitive measures. Stop blaming the past, it was on YOUR WATCH!
But this one was the worst of my life time, and has it ever been lead by a foreign adversary like this in past?
Then challenge it!!!!!! Your silence when @POTUS and GOP Greek chorus spouts nonsense has been deafening.  Ohio wants you to lead #doyourjob
I admire your work w/ addiction, my family has not been impacted but so many have, but I'm begging, please don't play the victim like Trump!
Only YOU can prevent disinformation.  #BeHonest #speakTruth #BrandNewCongress needed.
What about Trump campaign working with Russians to get Republicans votes?  That's right Portman don't care about that!
This was a tweet from the President of the United States Mr Senator.
Meeting with your constituents at town halls would be a step toward disseminating true, accurate information. When will you do that?
Yes! Set the dates and locations - as a voter I would love to talk to Sen Portman -
Newsflash: If you still support this administration, you're part of the disinformation, my friend.
Disinformation like Obama is Muslim or not born in US? Or climate change is China Hoax? Or millions fraudulently voted in 2016.
Think back to Thomas Jefferson viciously bashing John Adams before a presidential election.
Gerrymandering & legal bribery are a couple ways Republicans steal elections. Democracy is in crisis:
@DNC @DCCC @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems - STAND UP FIGHT BACK - join forces /@EricHolder & @BarackObama groups to FIX GERRYMANDERING!
STOP spreading disinformation about the ACA and maybe Create a little certainty for its patients which many are your constituents!!!
Mr. Portman, the GOP uses disinformation to stoke fear & create a cultural divide. To get funds & votes, but at a price-stability and peace.
Especially from you
But it's more than disinformation. And THIS is the election where unprecedented hacks occurred. Non partisan should not mean ignoring ties.
Parties lying is what you are saying? This is foreign government interference and that is much more than disinformation.
And yet our President has no interest in how this happens or how to prevent it. Only cares about himself and his personal narrative.
the only issue with our election is RUSSIA! Time to do something about it so they don't try to influence it again!
Interfering with our democracy is an act of war. Yet I hear crickets regarding any response or retaliation.  Country over party.
Get on the right side of History. We need health care, strong public schools, & science based decision making not chaos & twitter storms.
Disinformation like non-profit PACs that run ads about how planned parenthood is horrible EVEN when proven in court false! That is gop way
Disinformation will continue for years; especially with @POTUS as President.REJECT this Emperor without his clothes as the faux GOP'er he is
...and yet no one who could do anything about it took it seriously when it was brought to the nation's attention during this election...
STOP THE CYCLE THEN!
Never have we seen a corrupt Republican Party ignore wrong doing by this president imagine if HRC we would have all kinds of investigations
Get on board and do your job. Take care of your constituents over the money you bleed. Traitor
Fraud.
Reform medicaid, don't expand it
So stand up to it - don't participate and call it out whenever it is being pushed #principles
So the recent attempts by Russia (confirmed by all Federal Intelligence Agencies) to undermine our Democracy is no big deal?
So do something about it. PLEASE. OUR DEMOCRACY IS UNDER ATTACK MORE THAN EVER. It's just that the current admin colluded
You can start by voting to convict and remove POTUS *and* VPOTUS when they are impeached for treason, espionage, blackmail and conspiracy.
What an optimistic message. Why don’t you instead tell your constituents what you will do to solve the problem?
Stop supporting trump & assholes like him. You see, you know about it. Do something positive or we'll find someone who will
Disinformation is a fancy word for LIES. Which is MUCH more serious problem NOW since the LIES come from our PRESIDENT!!
Your party seems complicit in this.
The disinformation has to include Fox, your president and your leadership. "No one will lose Medicaid" my ass.
But if you cannot point out the current administration as being a POSSIBLE benefactor of such disinformation, why the lip service?
Did you hear about President Obamas birth certificate? Wonder who was behind that one.
Yes but what made 2016 worse was one candidate was willing to embrace that disinformation and use it to help get him elected. Agree?
Yeah if I remember from last year the Russians backed your party and you said nothing till the election was over
If people in congress would find out info on own rather thAn accepting word of mouth,more truth would be deciminated than musing or lies.
True. The unusual development in the last election was the open willingness of one candidate to use that disinformation as a tool.
Perhaps work to get the president to stop spreading false information.
If you see the problem and don't help work on a solution, then YOU are complicit.  #Gerrymandering
Look in the mirror, Senator Portman. Disinformation is the Koch bros via the GOP specialty.
Then tell @realDonaldTrump to stop using the office to spread it. He is making #America look like #fools #impeach him now
Seriously. INSURANCE REFORM not  Healthcare reform.   We pay a lot of money all of our lives to an industry 
That guarantees 0.
Some on your side of the isle are making a career by embracing it ...  sad! #ImpeachNOWreplaceLATER
Don't conflate 2 categories of disinfo: 1) ordinary lies by politicians to get elected 2) interference by foreign powers
You're talking about the former, but the latter is a new, grave threat. Or is it not as new as we think?
As is gerrymandering and dark money. All undermine the will of the people.
This whole scenario gets more& mirecompkex and scary. What next?
It will continue to be a problem if good men like yourself are more concerned about their colleagues than their constituents, Mr Senator.
Portman colluded with Republicons in their pledge to block everything Obama did - party over country- & to steal SCOTUS seat. Not a good man
. So please stop being a part of it.
I am a constituent. The greatest perpetrator of lies is the commander in chief. You are culpable in his lies by staying silent. Speak up!
Let's discuss that in a town hall in Columbus, Ohio!
Then why are you supporting Trump?
Get with the program, Rob.
You're about a year behind the rest of us. You paying attention? Not so much. Embarrassing. Why are you in DC? 
Never before has Russian disinformation been embraced encouraged and employed by a presidential candidate. Republicans own this
You don't need to tell us about it, talk to Trump, he still doesn't believe Russia interfered in the election.
you need to vote with trump repeal this stuff hurting the people of OHIO!!! Obamacare
So make sure Russia is investigated and all accomplices prosecuted. Make sure Trump puts America first and fight back against lies not media
How can you say this and support Trump?
Of course it will continue. The @POTUS is controlled by Russia Today.
It's so broad it's literally INSIDE THE WHITE HOUSE!! When are you going to #speakup? Why aren't you protecting #Ohioans?
#standuptothebully
votes in support of treasonous @realDonaldTrump 95.3% of the time. Don't be fooled by his phony concern & outrage!
