Is this a joke? There's already no federal funding for abortion! Keep patting yourself on the back for doing nothing, though.
What's so hard about understanding that all funding ultimately goes toward @PPact bottom line?
Please...spare me. @PPact services are overwhelmingly NOT abortions. Twisting the facts doesn't make them true.
Did you read the @ppact annual report? 328,348 abortions and $1.35 billion profit. 1:8 PP patients had abortions.
@nrlc @LiveAction @SBAList pls look into the 2.4m @PPact visits stat - what r they counting as visits? This is inflated.
Until you have a uterus and can carry a child, shut up about the issue. SHUT IT!
No you just cut school loans so your supporters high inter rates.
You cut most middle income out of going to schoo
I'm all about life...healthcare for everyone is a good way to start.
Tax payer don't "fund abortion" Stop this nonsense and support womens choice.
The only thing you should be applauded for.
How do you "end" something that does not exist?
When is your next town hall meeting? (Request #158)
Senator, you & your Party's actions have deadly consequences for women & children worldwide:
I loathe that guy.
"Pro-life." What a sick joke.
THIS ALREADY EXISTS.
What are doing about Ohio's abysmal infant mortality rate? Oh right, defunding orgs that help prevent that.
@nhdogmom @Patta47cake @JohnKasich @SenateMajLdr @ShepNewsTeam @BretBaier @MariaBartiromo @KatyTurNBC  GOP hypocrisybon display
you believe a child should bear the consequences of rape/incest! Do you support child marriage too?
YOU LIE!
Taxpayers don't find abortions.
Thank you for doing your job.
I can't think of anything that is less of your concern than my body.
I'm not proud of that or your phony statement about taxpayer funded abortions.
Unwanted pregnancies have dropped notably since ACA. Want to prevent abortion? Support access to birth control & affordable maternity care
Where planned parenthood funding is cut std's and abortions INCREASE.
NOT TRUE-Federal funds don't pay for abortions. Only for rape,incest,&saving life of mother -Hyde amendment
The feds already don't pay for abortions. WTF are you talking about?
Gross.
Another reason to vote you out in 2022.  You don't believe a woman, with her doctor, has a right to make the best choice for themselves.
except to save the life of the woman, or if the pregnancy arises from incest or rape
tax payers don't fund abortion you twit. #HydeAmenment
Federal funds are already not allowed to be used for abortion. How bout focusing on something that really matters, like the schmuck in WH.
What do they do for unwanted children?
Sorry, Senator, but where has Fed funding gone to abortions in the last 10+ years?
Fact: Taxpayer money does not fund abortion. Ur caveman policies are harmful to the welfare of women & children everywhere. #VotePortmanOut
Hyde Amendment is a legislative provision barring the use of federal funds to pay for abortion except to save the life
What a waste of time, introducing a bill to prohibit what is already prohibited. Showboating at its worst. Pro-birthers will rejoice though
Sooo you believe a woman should die rather than abort in life threatening medical situation.
What a waste of time.  Federal taxpayer money has never funded abortion.  So you're introducing a bill to stop something that doesn't happen
GOP war on womens rights and health continues.
I'd rather see you bragging on a 100% voting record by @LCVoters or @LWV! Sadly I don't believe you will ever achieve 50% with either!
Right...because we take care of our poor so well that it just makes sense.  Deny health care and birth control so we have more to imprison.
@senrobportman you are hurting women by doing this #ACOGAction #StandWithPP
Hyde amendment already prohibits federal funding of abortion dumbo.
But good job waisting everyone's time with redundant legislation to appease your "pro-life" overloads. Gotta earn that money they give you!!
Good for you! How dare women have the right to choose what medical treatments are best for their own bodies.
If you are that religious are you listening to our Bishops words on Trumpcare? Read it. And then let's watch what you do.
If you are that religious why did you not do more for Maribel? Like take a public stand early and strongly that it was wrong?
Maybe you could make us proud by respecting life UNTIL death. Remember that with your Trumpcare work. @CbusIndivisible @OhioDistrict3
Sir that's your job that's what we pay you for and I hope your bill fails
Abortion is not about women's health; it's elective surgery.  I would like a few nips and tucks. Will taxpayers cover that elective surgery?
you are 100% correct good work
Why did you let JLG leave the state of Ohio? 300 JOBS  gone to PA!  You promised us that YOU wouldn't let this happen in the primary! #speak
you are taking away women's rights. You should advocate, but don't legislate! This is not your decision to make!
Hey guys! Abortion is legal and necessary.  Stop worrying about a clump of cells & start caring about actual, alive, needy children.
It has been 945 days since October 29, 2014.
That's the last time Portman held a Town Hall.
The Hyde act already bans federal funds. So you are admitting you did nothing new. Just retread rules. Nice waste of resources.
Ugh.
NO. Why do you think you or anyone else is entitled to make choices for me or any other woman?
You also voted to take away healthcare from millions of Americans, do you want those death numbers on your website?  All life matters.
Interesting approach, allow employers to opt out of covering birth control & defunding Planned Parenthood - which provides birth control.
Your actions will have deadly consequences for many women overseas. You should be ashamed.
Good that's already a thing. Now go support Planned Parenthood's reprod health & family planning and continue the decline in # of abortions.
And fund a single payer healthcare plan while you're at it.
If U defund Planned Parenthood, U R HURTING Ohioans. Ur religious beliefs belong in church, not in my womb.
Will you extend your pro-life views as far as insuring all children have access to affordable health care and public education?
Liar.  There's already NO taxpayer / fed funding of abortion, which btw Jesus NEVER mentioned.
So how many of the unwanted children will you take into your home?
That fine if taxpayers don't fund, but don't take extraordinary efforts to make it difficult for women to have an abortion.
There is no tax payer funded abortion
When and where is the federal funding of abortion occurring?  You put forth solutions to problems that don't exist!!
Oh stop lying!! Taxes do NOT pay for abortions. You just supported erasing access to birth control
Typical politician, especially 45 cronies. They do nothing but spread bs to keep the masses misinformed.. #theyalwayslie
I'm fairly certain that it's already illegal to put federal money toward abortions. Why does congress replicate things so often?
This is their excuse to defund @PPact
I cannot wait to vote you out of office.  #notmysenator
We should actively work to unseat him.
Taxpayers don't fund abortions now.  Here's a thought.  Let women make their own healthcare decisions.
The question is whether you will have a 100% pro-cancer treatment healthcare voting record. A town hall is needed to prove it to us.
Need a little help patting yourself on the back? Why don't you try finding out what the people of this state really need and want.
Abortion is NOT funded by federal taxpayers
And that is why I will never vote for you. For anything. #handmaid'stale
How else would you like to hurt the women of Ohio. Keep at it.
So again, against abortion but take away health care for mothers & kids. What is wrong with you?
enlighten me but doesn't the Hyde amendment do that?
taxpayers don't fund abortion. why don't you worry about untangling the hot mess in the wh. women got our own bodies thanks.
I thought federal funding is illegal?
It is. He's a liar
That's like believing paying rent for a restaurant isn't funding that restaurant.
Not funded now ding dong. Why don't you have a woman on your health care committee?
Supporting life shouldn't end at birth.
Taxpayers currently do not pay for abortion. Tell your POTUS not to reverse birth control mandate then. #commonsense #prevention #education
When are you going to vote to stop our tax $$ from going to Israel, where the govt pays for abortions? Or are you just grandstanding again?
And yet you support killing so many other Ohioans at governmental expense
It's shameful that you have a 100% voting record against women's health and autonomy.
You hate women and you've lost my vote.
So you are for poor women dieing because of their pregnancy? Or for a woman being forced to have her rapist's child? Who has parental rights
In Ohio a rapist can petition for visitation rights and get them. it has been done numerous times.
I know. I ran out of characters.
Abortion never did have federal funding. But who is funding VIAGRA
So you've introduced a bill that will limit women's ability to make decisions regarding their bodies, and most likely, take away what little
access to healthcare that they have left after the AHCA signed the death certificates of millions of people? All for the sake of being
REAL townhall, not a mock one and see what people actually think about your deciscions.
It's amazing how much you vote to have babies born but we have thousands in foster care & low success rates when they are 18. Focus on them
so because of children in bad situations we should let babies die?
there is no government funding of abortion now.
you are wrong on this. But if you insist on opposing abortion you must fully fund family planning and #PlannedParenthood
There is no federal funding of abortion now!  What's wrong with you?
You guard the unborn fetus but when the child is born .Your Party calls them takers and supports starving children and cuts free lunch
Taxpayer money isn't being used for funding abortions.
Over 40% of births in US r #Medicaid births. Will u fight to keep women & kids protected with access to prenatal care? #ProtectOurCare #OH12
Thank You!!!!!!!
It doesn't fund it now!!!
I am disappointed the #GOP is working to get rid to the essential benefits, which include maternity care.#ProtectOurCare #OH12
Ever hear of the Hyde Amendment? Your statement is a non sequitur. #Trumprussia
Not a non sequitur.  It is a blatant lie, which apparently is okay for a Republicon "Christian".
Sen. Portman plays the 'nice' repub and panders to everyone, but I know his votes. Be nice if he took a stand. #Trumprussia
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.243
