#LIAR

That is delusional. You will create bigger C-level salaries. Higher taxes force reinforcement. ECON101
*Translation* "We'll screw working Americans so we can enrich our billionaire/millionaire benefactors!" #ConManRob #51K
How about impeaching the lazy bum?
No, we'll help the rich and corporations get richer and the deficit get higher. Tax cuts DON'T stimulate the economy. Poor economic policy.
Also, taking away someone's mortgage deduction is very destabilizing to a family's finances. You are smart enough to know this.
Tax cuts need to go to the lower income people so they will spend the money and create demand. That is what will create jobs.
hope you have an intern looking at your twitter. We are few but we represent many. I'm counting the days to vote you out.
More lies, compliments of Rob Portman. Rob you are a complete disaster
Proof? Cause all I see is tax cuts for wealthy corporations.
TRUMP SAYS COUNTRY WOULD RUN BETTER WITHOUT CONSTITUTION. IS THAT WHAT YOU THINK TOO?
You're so out of touch with your constituents. This is your last term.
Oh my god, you too? Trump Tax Reform is just tax breaks for the rich. You do like these DeVos hand outs don't you?
MORE TAX LOOPHOLES FOR THE TOP 1%. They pay you AND they will pay people to run AGAINST you. your all cowards and bullies. I am ashamed of U
This man is feathering his own nest and screwing over middle and lower income Americans.
No #TaxReform until Trump makes his tax returns public. I'm tired of making the rich richer.
No. We will make the rich richer. Per Trump's own secretary this tax bill does not guarantee middle class any tax break.
Proposed plan is trickle down economics. Been there, done that, didn't work. Next?
What are you talking about? You're just cutting taxes for the wealthy. #midterms
No on RAA!
NO!!!!!
No one believes your party's lies anymore. This tax proposal is a huge transfer of wealth from most of us to the rich. Shame on you.
No tax reform until Trump releases his taxes.  #DontheCon #WakeUpAmerica
The GOP has been saying this same song and dance for 35 yrs. Doesn't work.
I am a constituent of your 5th district and I DEMAND that you represent me and not your billionaire class.
Plus this another lie on Trump's part. Campaigning he clearly said he would taxes on wealthy including himself.
Oh stop.  This is a tax cut for the rich, and Ayn Rand was nuts.
You're no friend of the average Ohioan, or the average American. You're either a terrible liar or terribly misinformed. Either way UR wrong!
In what world? #GETREAL
And declines in health and safety as you toss out the regulations that protect us.
as long as you don't hurt the middle class giving the rich another break. come on man.
#RAA will suck the life out of #protections #Ohio needs for #health & #environment. Be honest; profit is the bottom line here.
#notaxreform #notrumpcare your constituents are very unhappy with you #43224 #OHDems
How many of your constituents have contacted you to ask you to support this bill? How many have requested you not to support it?
George W said lower taxes produce higher revenue. Thanks to that thinking we lost 8.7M jobs. The Great Recession ring a bell? 1%ers love it.
On the backs of working class citizens... #Staywoke
Middle class should not bear the burden of Trump's tax break for the rich!
And richer rich people.
AFTER we overturn your gerrymandering schemes you can kiss your career goodbye.
I am a constituent of the 5th district. The Republican Russian Party must think we are gullible in this tax cut proposal for millionaires
We have given up on holding town halls with you. Now moving to criminal charges for complicit GOP politicians. This means you!  #TrumpRussia
Congratulations! You're a dishrag, Rob! Why do you even bother pretending that you care?
Bush #41 called this #VOODOOECONOMICS, it didn't work for Bush #43 as we had a recession. Clinton&Obama raised taxes on rich and econ boomed
Trump 1 pg "plan" is a massive tax break for himself, 1% & corporations. Show actual analysis of how this helps working-class. #taxreform
Check out @kylegriffin1's Tweet:
This is important—Mnuchin can't guarantee the middle class won't pay more under the W.H. tax plan  
@indivisibledyt That is voodoo economics, in the words of George H.W. Bush.  Lower taxes overwhelmingly benefit the rich.
No way! You are a sell out!
Can I get some of what you are smoking @senrobportman? Yet again, an @GOP tax proposal helps corps and rich and sticks it to the mid-class!
The " tax reform" had better be about relieving tax burdens from the middle class and not the one per cent -
That is the stupidest thing that I have heard today. Sadly in the trump era, stupidity is the "soup du jour".
When will the GOP learn Trickle Down Economics doesn't work.  When CEOs get more money - THEY KEEP IT
You know this is wrong yet you are standing by it anyway. #shameonyou
It didn't work for Reagan....and Donald Trump is no Reagan!
As 41 said, its "Voodoo economics". It doesn't work and never has. #resist
Please explain why you spend so much time kissing Trumps ass.
Don't you remember history? Trickle down is a golden shower on the middle class.
No #TaxReform until you get us #TrumpsTaxes. R U not paying attention to what's going on, Rob? We need to talk. #REALTownHallNOW #scheduleit
Do #taxreform right! Make it bipartisan & drop the trickle down that NEVER WORKS! Rich ppl/businesses just keep the cash!
We will make the rich richer and the poor poorer. And cut funding support for drug problems, which you claim to care about.
SOOO tired of your lack of political courage. If you're a moderate - ACT like one. Otherwise - another Republican hack.
It is a massive tax cut for the wealthy. Calling it anything else is a lie. Again you persist in blindly following Trump.
You are wrong - again and still.
We see you. You are part of the problem. This enriches the rich. Cut the BS and #DoYourJob.  Ohioan who loves @SenSherrodBrown
#TaxReform = tax cuts for the rich paid by the rest of us.
So, do you support President Trump's plan to eliminate the tax advantages of 401Ks and IRAs?
One of my Senators serves the people of Ohio with empathy and integrity. The other one is Rob-the-Poor Portman.
Thank God for @SenSherrodBrown
amen.
The 'reform' you're touting is Trickle Down; a dead horse the GOP just can't stop beating. Does nothing for the majority.
I call BS!
And billionaires will get richer. And the deficit will go through the roof. And the Trump family will profit even more. #angryin44236
Rich get richer poor get poorer. Middle class continues to vanish. . . At the minimum can we see #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform I mean come on. .
Demand for @Potus to release his taxes! What is wrong with you? I'd call you a lap dog but my lap dog is likeable.
It's not "Tax Reform", it's TaxCutsForThe SuperRich.
And as usual the rich get richer and the middle class gets screwed!!  Thanks for nothing!!!!
How do you come to that conclusion? You are eliminating employee sponsored healthcare deductions which will cost us more $. @senrobportman
You lie. It's a tax cut.
