Disingenuous!  U are toying w/families life/death like a cat with a . OH deserves better. 'Need bipartisan fix of ACA per GOP Sen Collins.
How can congress support this bill?  It's wildly unpopular and will be devastating to many of your constituents, especially in rural areas.
My grandchildren are left without parents because of alcohol and crack cocaine no help in Dayton
Hope Senator uses delay in #trumpcare vote 2 hold #Ohio town halls 2 explain why @SenateGOP bill won't hurt those w/ preexisting conditions
Repeal at your own risk, senator. Y'all might kill some folks, but those left behind won't forget.
Listen to the majority. Listen to your Governor. Work w/Dems to amend ACA. At some point Rs in Congress MUST respect the MAJORITY! #NoToBCRA
Over half of our deaths of heroin never took pain medicine Vicodin is not the cause of heroin it is working too much too little money
In the city of Dayton Ohio Montgomery County we can't get help for drug addiction our kids are dying from alcohol no one cares
Senator, read this statement by @senrobportman https://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=1D133C2C-2D42-4CCC-AA91-5363176A3551 …. Full repeal doesn't create a workable system. Stand by your words.
32M fewer people. 10M ppl in the wrong direction from already terrible BCRA. Let that sink in. 2 yr "delay" also a joke; markets will crater
Please do not vote for this bill right now we don't even have a crisis care in the city of Dayton Ohio
I expect you to vote for a full repeal of Obamacare like you have in the past. Or didn't you really mean it when you voted for it?
In Miamisburg and West Carrollton Ohio Montgomery County we have lost over 17 young people and the last few months to alcohol heroin & crack
Why not work with care providers, GOP, & Dems to craft quality healthcare for ALL. Maybe call it #Americare.Something to be proud of for USA
Don't settle on a health care plan that won't work! Go public with a vote against Trump care!
Your career is over Rob!!!
No one can survive on a minimum wage job even 40 hours a week
Cmon @senrobportman !! Show your constituents you care about us! #FixACA We NEED you on our side!!
1- The Senate leadership & Trump now want to repeal the ACA in full.

What have Senators said about this? 
so if u need  to vote this week what would it be?
#VoteNO on #Trumpcare. It won't cover addiction, which you mentioned caring about! It takes care of the wealthy & screws over the vulnerable
Call @senrobportman 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first& last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns #Trumpcare
You know this is wrong for OH. Man up & fix Obama care.
@senrobportman Keeping a list, checking it twice, you're one who's naughty not nice. OCare u'd repeal in 2015 now u're "concerned"? #DTS
Ocare is dead  there is no way of fixing it.   We need to pass this bill
I really believe ur trying to do whays right for Ohioans we do need rid of Obama care why can't we repeal it for tax reform and fix it later
Please tell us you plan to vote no on the disastrous #Trumpcare bill...we are counting on you to listen to your constituents instead of GOP
PLEASE!!! NO DEALS WITH MCCONNELL who throws his constituents under the bus!  Follow Sen. Collins' lead & use common sense to improve #ACA.
Rob, you voted for repeal in 2015.  That was the right decision then, it's the right decision now.  What changed?
yet you, @GOP , have done NOTHING! #skyhighpremiums #insurersleavingtown #nightmare #trustusyouwilllikeit
Please do the right thing and kill the current bill. Work with dems to improve ACA. Don't punish those in the most need for political points
Even Russia has universal healthcare.
You+Sherrod Brown+Gov Kasich could set a bipartisan example for the country.  Vote NO on this callous GOP bill..work w/ Dems to improve ACA.
This bill looks worse than the last one. I hope you reject it. We're better off fixing Obamacare than continuing this path
Kasich spokesman: Pence’s ‘false’ health claim ’just the opposite of what actually happened’ in Ohio… https://twitter.com/i/web/status/886413604668526593 …
Go ahead Rob, vote for it.  People will die.  Hard stop....people will die.  And your state of Ohio will have to figure how to pay for it!
Ok read it and wonder if you understand that skyrocketing prices and lower coverages could be mended with single payer
#savemedicaid #voteno #donoharm
Stop ignoring your constituents; vote NO on this healthcare bill! We don't want it, and do you really want the death count on your hands?
So if you end up saying yes and we dip into more opioid abuse can we arrest your ass for distribution and harmful intent?
Latest draft has same Medicaid provisions as previous draft. Do what's right for the people of Ohio and vote NO on MTP on #bcra.
You and @SenatorCollins can lead sensible Rs to work with Dems to fix problems in ACA. Be a problem solver & a leader.
Keep fighting to revise/ eliminate Medicaid caps for me, person with disability. Depend on home and community services to be "Normal".
Hope you see the irony of @SenMcCain's care, & #VoteNoBCRA!
On Health Care, We’ll Have What Congress Is Having
http://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/on-health-care-well-have-what-congress-is-having … #ACA
Please work with both sides to fix ACA rather than starting over. I'm an Ohio voter who believes in the progress we've made. Don't go back.
Your constituents are against it.  Your governor is against it.  Doctors are against it.  Hospitals are against it.  So far you aren't- Why?
Vote NO on Trumpcare 2.O.
If they are delaying the vote until after John McCain's surgery, then it's a done deal. How much money did Mitch McConnell promise you?
so FIX IT!!  Repeal for repeals sake doesn't do the health of Americans any good.  VOTE NO & work to amend the ACA problems
I hope you are reading what your constituents are saying.
With passage,  those with pre-existing medical conditions will lose protections, premiums for decent coverage will become unaffordable!!!
Even your supporters want you to just vote no. @senrobportman it's important to the health of millions that you vote no. #HealthcareBill

Addiction is a tiny part of the Medicaid supported needs of your constituents. As a doctor I ask you to please do not cut Medicaid.
Please vote no on this healthcare bill.
Please listen to your constituents. Vote NO.
This bill is NOT GOOD FOR AMERICA, and almost everyone in America knows it. What more do you need to know, Senator?

Vote no on this travesty.  Ohioans deserve better.
Why not start with the Obamacare framework, fix what needs fixing, throw away what is unworkable and adding new provisions?
Senator, what, exactly would be so terrible about Republicans and Democrats working together to actually make something workable?
Lower the cost of coverage? Provide access to quality care? Protect the most vulnerable in our society? Not with this bill!  #KillTheBill
396,300 people in OH will lose Medicaid if this bill becomes law

Unless it protects kids, the only acceptable vote is NO!
Looks this guy will flip, pathetic 
Please vote no!Allowing state waivers for essential health benefits will hurt sick. Protect women's health.No lifetime limits!
#NoTrumpCare
We notice you're quiet about Pence's lies

Did you tell him to lie? If so you MUST resign
Why tweet out your response from 7-13-17 for today's bill? Was the picture of you reading the bill just a prop? Is your vote sold already?
http://www.politico.com/story/2013/03/rob-portman-gay-marriage-stance-088903 …  this shows how disgusting the @gop is. They don't care about anyone but themselves and families. #weasel
Listen to @JohnKasich and every single healthcare advocacy group and kill the #BCRA
Are you listening to ANY of your constituents??? Show us the feedback you've received supporting this terrible legislation!!!
Why does this require thought? Process is a joke, NO ONE thinks the product is good. What are you waiting 4? Lead GOP out of the wilderness.
Do you actually dislike poor and middle class Americans so much that you would deny us access to quality healthcare?
I don't feel like this gives a clear idea of where you stand.
Two paragraphs of bs, that tell us nothing. You can't vote "maybe." The new version also guts Medicaid, so put Ohioans over party & vote NO
Tick tick. Just say no, okay?
As a Ohio senior citizen, I ask you to vote NO on #AHCA or join other #ConservativesWithoutAConscience #ComfortTheComfortable & lose ur seat
What does this say? Yes or no? People or party? #healthcarenotwealthcare
This latest version still guts Medicaid. How long until we get a solid "no" from you?
Please stay strong, unswayed and unpaid by McConnell and vote NO on this atrocious legislation.  #Trumpcarekills
Please make this a big NO and bring everyone together and fix ACA!
Blah blah blah. Vote NO on this travesty of a bill.
you have had the new legislation for days.  What is your stance?
ACA needs improvement, but IT IS NOT BROKEN. Fix what we have to improve healthcare coverage for that live in #Ohio. Please do not give in!
This isn't even smart politics for you.  When the public discovers how bad it is,Trump will turn on it and blame you.
This stringing people along is just cruel. Make a decision. State your position.
You need to vote against this. Stop going along with your party & do what's right. You need to care more abt your constit. & less abt party.
No! No! No! This bill is wrong for Ohio! Please think about the millions that will suffer. Please vote #VoteNO #CountryOverParty
Stop playing us for idiots.
Don't back this bill everybody hates it. You will doom Ohioans as well as your career--you will be tethered to this forever.
Your statement says you'll read the bill, which should go without saying. Get back to us when you have a position, please.
Take the moral high road and oppose this bill.
If the ACA isn't working why is everyone but Republican/Trump backers against the new bill?  Stop saying it isn't working.
People who have pre-existing conditions will go uninsured or be priced out. Vote NO!
If those are your goals, you need to #VoteNo. This bill puts the burden on the most vulnerable and reduces access.
New bill still guts Medicaid - 700k Ohioans risk losing coverage. Listen to @JohnKasich and work w/ Dems to fix not repeal ACA. Vote NO!
Yet you provide no criteria on what will make you support or oppose it. How many babies would have to die b4 you vote no?
Your statement says nothing! The bill is a disaster. There is not enough lipstick to cover that pig. The only votr is NO!
Why wont you meet with your constituents in townhalls This seems a bit cowardly
@senrobportman The only person who wants you to even consider voting for this monstrosity is Mitch McConnell, and he doesn't live in Ohio.
Don't believe you.  Let the sunshine in and follow normal review procedure. Until then, just a big tax cut for the 1%.
Thank you for insisting on a CBO score. If it isn't available this week, I expect you'll vote no to proceed, as you need time to review it.
So why wait to announce your opposition? The new bill still drastically cuts Medicaid, and the additional funds for opioid addiction...
...are still completely inadequate.
Excellent news! As a former Ohioan w/ many relatives in your state, I applaud your carefulness in protecting all our healthcare.
He isn't going to protect healthcare. He's looking for cover.
And his vote is for sale - to Mitch for $$ to fight opioid epidemic.  Don't forget he wrote this bill. In secret.  97.2% votes party line
Enough Senator.  Fix the ACA and stop this nonsense.  No on replace.  No on repeal.  YES on fixing ACA- it's time to listen to US (43119)
Not constituent but urge you vote no on BCRA. Millions of Americans scared to death that they will lose care. Please vote no. #savemycare
Umm R u aware of this?http://www.judicialwatch.org/press-room/press-releases/judicial-watch-asks-trump-administration-end-congressional-obamacare-exemption/ …
Vote No on this have baked healthcare bill!
We Ohioans elected you to LEAD.  You're not going to get a better deal from the GOP by waffling, so come out and say NO with some courage.
I urge you to vote no on the newest draft too.
Workable for who, Senator?
I hope you will take this opportunity to demonstrate to your constituents that you still remember why you got into politics.
ANYBODY can get sick ANYTIME. Can't let healthy avoid premiums, only to jump into pool after getting sick; Insurance never succeed that way!
"I will review the analysis from the Congressional Budget Office when it becomes available" - Demand a score on the Cruz Amendment Senator.
The ACA has improved healthcare and the health of millions. Why scrap it? Work to improve not replace.
Vote no Rob.
You are the worst, Senator.  You know this bill is terrible for Ohio families, but you will vote yes because you are a partisan hack.
Just remember if  you think defunding Planned Parenthood to satisfy some will work check out these stats http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/texas-planned-parenthood-teen-abortion_us_59653229e4b09b587d63018a …
My 7 year old son has asthma. My severely disabled 34 year old sister is on Medicaid. Please vote no on ACHA. Lives depend on it. 43229
I did.  Sheesh!  Take a stand for once!
This does not actually state your position. What is so confusing to you about millions losing coverage?! #ProfilesInCourage #VoteNoBCRA
Vote no. Stop making a mockery of this process. Actually listen to your constituents. Stop towing the line. Party before country is wrong.

all your colleagues or just repulsive, complicit @gop? Ohio demands you work w @SenSherrodBrown & @SenateDems to FIX ACA!
This "statement" is vacuous. Are you waiting to say you're against it *after* it's been shelved again?
this isn't a new update. The cuts are still there for Medicaid and the 10 EHBs aren't federally protected...so plz #VoteNoNow
Vote NO!

Kasich spokesman: Pence's 'false' healthcare claim 'just the opposite of what actually happened' in Ohio http://hill.cm/1ono1nQ  
You're statement should read "I care about my constituents and therefore am voting NO". Anything else is BS and hypocrisy
This statement isn't enough. @JohnKasich is fighting to improve this bill. We need more than "wait & see." Lead the charge for change, sir.
From 2 days ago shouldn't be considered your "latest." Time to make a decision
He's waiting to see how much he can make for a yes #sellout #heneedstogo
Spend those days listening to Ohioans in public town halls, not reviewing a bill you were supposed to help write. Please vote no.
Weren't you on the committee? Who's writing these bills that it takes you days to review them after public release?
I'm not interested in a statement that doesn't say anything. Will you vote for Medicaid cuts or will you protect the most vulnerable?
@senrobportman This bill is worse than the previous one you didn't support. No reason to even consider it. Be a #HealthcareHero VOTE NO
May b time to repeal & replace GOP Comgress
That isn't a new statement. It is the same one you said when the bill was released. Do you read that slowly?
What good does the bribe of 45 BILLION 4 opiods do when Ohioans go back to no insurance, no hospitals & pre-existing conditions? BRIBE!
Stand up for the people! Vote NO!
Do the right thing, Senator. Vote NO on this horrible bill.
Glad you're gonna vote against this bill then, as it's just as bad as the last one you wrote and didn't like. We will hold you accountable
Do right thing for Ohioans vote NO on this bill & talk to @JohnKasich about how it makes sense to take a bipartisan approach to health care
This draft doesn't work, none of the others work & the House bill doesn't work. All would hurt tens of millions of Americans.
Time for a live town hall.
To quote Meatloaf.."what's it gonna be boy, yes or NO?"  And no, you don't get to sleep on it and give us an answer in the morning.
VOTE NO!
VOTE NO!! If Medicaid was your chief concern you'd already have come out as a "no"
The "colleagues" you refer to are all GOP...try doing this bipartisan and do what Ohio. Wants....Vote NO
Need to be pushing this through.
So you've been reading the bill for several days and your statement is several days old. Please update!!!
Sens who are "bought off" in Trumpcare will only get IOUs they can't cash, pennies on the $ & problems they never understood.

No to the latest draft and definitely NO to Cruz amendment. Fix ACA. before you commit, ask yourself why does this have such low approval.
U R gearing up 2 vote yes, I can read betwn lines. Remember I pleaded 2 vote no on DeVos yet U confirmed? That was a bad vote,Plz not again.
Repeal regs & mandates ->free private mkt plans-> give back choice!  People lost FTime jobs w O's plan->forced on Medicare

GOP plan does none of those things. it is a death panel with only the rich being protected with healthcare and wealthcare.
WILL PORTMAN GO ALONG WITH EVIL, GREEDY TRUMPCARE PLAN? Will throw millions of Ohioans off Medicaid, leaving them to die w/o coverage. SHAME
I voted for you. I expect you to say NO. I don't appreciate your coyness. This isn't a Dem. or Rep. thing. It's what is morally right.
I find it disturbing tht you keep calling it a healthcare bill. Ha! That implies it offers healthcare-but it clearly doesnt.
#DontRobOurCare
You can read your constituents' full statements if you check your phone msgs, Twitter, Facebook, your mailbox, & the signs at your offices.
Better though would be to have a #REALTownHallNOW and #listentoyourconstituents.
#scheduleit

I spoke with Foxborough resident Chantel on the phone recently. She’s worried about what cuts to Medicaid would mean for her son's health. 
This is still #WealthCare. Everyone is telling you to vote no, why aren't you agreeing? Do you want 18-22 MILLION to lose coverage?
This is the kind of vague, feckless, non-statement Sen Portman is notorious for. Congrats Sen, 30 yrs in DC has made you good at something.
Just say NO, Senator, and represent your constituents, protecting our healthcare.

I am a constituent & this is what is coming folks unless our Senator votes No. You sir and your party WILL own this. U will be culpable.

Again, this doesn't tell us how you plan to vote. #BeBRAVE #VoteNO
If you take the cowards way out & vote yes I will put all my resources to make sure you are defeated! Stop be afraid of Ryan & McConnell.
Ok @senrobportman, I'll gladly send you my phone number so when it's a good time for you, you can call me and arrange a meeting. 9375043018
Or email me at louietoms@gmail.com if you want a bipartisan, honest and fair opinion about this then by all means contact me.




Please search your heart before supporting this latest health care bill. One vote could hurt millions.  What will your legacy be?
The next thing I am interested in reading is u are #NoOnMTP. A seat is waiting for u at the hero's table with @SenatorCollins #SaveOurCare
Care to comment on our Republican governor's statement that Trumpcare 3.0 is unacceptable?

https://twitter.com/JohnKasich/status/885870659116687360 …

#StopTrumpcare #SaveACA
Gov. John Kasich’s statement on the Senate health care reform bill: 
I can't believe the rot within the GOP. How does it feel to have no courage to do what is right? Quest for wealth/power is not worth it.
Sounds like you're a yes. Enjoy your seat while you have it sir
Honestly I see nothing in that statement to let us know where U stand, Senator.  Tell us definitively where U stand on it. Give us townhall
U R very quiet on this bill. Pls. be more transparent for Ohioans; tell us what you think! Many are worried about their healthcare! #43537
We have so many  wanted children .But you do not allow Birth control But you made sure viagra is covered for you
Please work on bringing both parties to the table, in order to fix  #ACA . We need you to start leading!
As a senior citizen with a Pre-existing condition I will never have healthcare again.But I have to pay for you healthcare
Every time a new plan rolls out. When my personal well being is threatened I don't sit back and take it, I fight back.
Even the Health Insurance industry opposes this new draft.  It's a bad bill; you need to PUBLICLY commit to voting "No".
@senrobportman there is no offer sweet enough to approve taking medical care away from elderly and children  Please vote no !
