We are praying for those taken from us, their families & all those injured in this attack.
Our heartfelt thanks to all of the police officers, first responders & others who helped people to safety.
What are you doing about it?
You've helped make us a laughing stock! This is what the world things of your NRA paid votes:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-o9pwWUzz0&sns=tw … via @youtube
But the NRA invests ("donates") in YOU.
You have the Las Vegas victims blood on your hands . You accepted $ from the NRA - shame & disgust
How about some common sense #guncontrol? If only I had $3M to give you like the @NRA 
Are you mourning with platitudes or with policy proposals to help prevent heinous attacks like this in the future?
You would obviously mourn the loss of the $3,061,941 YOU accepted from the @NRA more. #LasVegasMassacre #BloodMoney
Will you be returning the  you received from the NRA & vote 4 stricter laws? Or will they continue to own you? $3,061,941 from the NRA
#ThoughtsandPrayers r NOT ENUFF, you hypocrite. U took $10k from #NRA in 2016. This #domesticterrorist's act IS ON U. #GunControlNow #WeSeeU
Think we've heard this canned answer after the last mass murder. How do you live with yourself? #sellout
Yet you are so proud and pleased to have support on your other issues? Are you not proud and pleased to have immense support from the NRA?
Yet you landed the 8th spot on list of top 10 recipients of NRA funding.  Mourn the loss of your own soul senator.

No you don’t! “Donations” mean more to you then Lives
Thanks for the prayers. But until you stop taking the NRA’s money and start banning mass murder weapons, keep them to yourself. They are as empty as the soul that can watch these events happen over and over with the power to change things but again and again chooses not to.
Here Here!To me the NRA are like home grown terrorists lobbying for ppl that have mental issues to own these weapons. F’ed up ppl!
Ps amend your Amendent! The bear arms was only created to defend against the British Invasion  - us now outdated and dangerous to your ppl
And while we’re at it I have an idea let’s not make it easier and cheaper to get silencers
Do you think about the $2million+ in NRA campaign money you took or your votes against minor controls on gun ownership at times like this?
Neither really have anything to do with Bigpharma and the real cause for this travesty.
how’s that NRA money?
Your words are empty: you’ve taken over $3M from @NRA in your career. What will it take for you to help #EndGunViolence ?

If you truly cared you would do something about it. These are empty words. Don't bother.
Prove that you care by turning your back on the NRA instead of the American people.

Disgraceful.
Apparently your NRA blood money trumps your prayers and mourning.
Stop taking money from the gun lobby.
Please consider donating the $9,900 you took from the NRA to relief efforts.  It would be a nice gesture.  @senrobportman
Then DO SOMETHING about gun control and quit taking money from the NRA. Grow a spine.
but apparently you're not horrified enough to refuse Blood Money contributions from the NRA
Did you think of the Sandy Hook and Orlando victims and now Las Vegas victims when you accepted over $3million from the NRA?? Vile!
Responsible #GunControlNow!
Enough to give back the $9K you took from the NRA? To stop taking $ from the NRA? To support sensible gun laws?
Do you? Accepting campaign money from the NRA suggests otherwise. How about some gun control, Senator?
How much are you mourning?  More or less than $9,900? #NRA #NRAKills  #NRABloodMoney #LasVegasShooting
Prayers? Ha! You should publicly pray for forgiveness. NRA $= Condoning Terrorism! 45208
Those lives lost are your fault. Stop voting for the NRA and do something to prevent these atrocities.
10 grand from the NRA. Save it Robbie.
after mourning please take action so that this never happens again.
Mourning all the way to the bank, are ya? $9900 from the NRA and voted AGAINST sensible gun legislation.  Permitting silencers!  Hypocrite!!
Your mourning means nothing without action.  I dare you to do the right thing & stand up to the NRA & demand sensible gun legislation!
That's great. Any chance you are mourning the fact that you took $9,900 in blood money from the NRA. #ResistTheNRA

Portman has an A rating with the NRA, received $1.5M in campaign contributions from them and voted against banning high capacity magazines https://twitter.com/senrobportman/status/914841884945784832 …
How’s that gun money feel?
that's nice, but when are you going to make it stop
do something more, don't be a coward, pass legislation that limits gun ownership, so we don't have to mourn more victims
NRA 2016 contributions:
Portman, Rob (R-OH)Senate$9,900
Bet you don't mourn the money you took from the NRA #emptythoughtsfullpockets
spare us the bullshit. You took $9,900 from NRA last year. This blood is on your hands!
how dare U say this when U support the NRA? Stand up against them for US!
We don't believe you, keep your hypocrisy to yourself - put it with your
#NRABloodMoney. If you cared you'd support common sense change.

U realize ur buddy trump voted against protecting LGBTQ community from being killed.
How about we push for common sense gun control to help end these massacres? #LasVagasShooting
if you took the $ you got from the NRA and ÷ by the amount of people dead in Vegas it comes out to about $167 a person
Virtually every response to your tweet is urging you to ACT instead spew empty platitudes. LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS!!!!
same song and dance
Than man up and support sensible gun control!!!
Sorry No. You lose the right to act saddened when this happens after NRA owns you for 10k. Sensible gun laws! Lives r worth more than 10k!
why don't you honor the fallen with common sense gun laws?
You took blood money from an organization seeking to militarize the country in the worst way. Get some humanity and do something.
Their blood is on your hands.
Doing nothing to pass sensible gun laws, then praying for victims is almost as crass as praying for victims after taking money from the NRA.
We need more than prayers and thoughts Senator.  NO MORE NRA MONEY.  People's lives are more important than that gun lobby.
Yet you accept $ from the domestic terrorism organization, the NRA. They are the gun lobby shill and promote death.
This PSA brought to you by the $9900 paid u by the NRA in 2016. U have blood on your hands.
If you REALLY mourned these deaths you would not have accepted $9,900 from the NRA in 2016.  Andy Harrison Clintonville 43214
How many of your constituents support gun control? Your job is to represent what they want and what is best for America.  Do your job
Your mourning, sponsored by the NRA.
Now what do you do?   #enoughisenough
Mourning my ass. Give back that $9900 you took from the NRA and maybe someone will take your hypocritical  words seriously. We need action!
Seems a bit ironic to mourn gun violence when you so gladly accept $9,900 from the NRA. Put an end to violence, just say NO to the NRA!

Every Member of Congress Who Took Money From the NRA and Tweeted 'Thoughts and Prayers' to Las Vegas @splinter_news http://ow.ly/9SsB30fAAVY 
Stop mourning and start acting. A fancy way to start is to STOP TAKING NRA MONEY you fool.
No you don’t.  You are part of the reason people are dying!  Stop taking blood money from the NRA hypocrite!
#guncontrollnow
Says the guy who takes NRA money. You are a puppet, Rob. This is your last term
Actions speak louder than words We want action If Congress does nothing the next tragedy we will view you as an accomplice & accountable.
Mourning does nothing, Rob. How about some new laws or perhaps stop taking the NRA's money?
Then quit letting the NRA buy and sway your vote.
You voted against closing the background check loopholes for gun sales. Your thoughts and prayers are betrayed by your pro-gun voting record....
What will you DO? #DoSomething
But you weren't mourning the $9,900 you took from the NRA, were ya?
Ur mourning is irrelevant. U accepted $9900 from the NRA and are responsible for this tragedy. STOP TAKING NRA FUNDS NOW.
Then do something about it.  Your thoughts and prayers are meaningless.
Stop being a lackey of the NRA then. Your mourning means nothing without right action.
Ohio Senator Rob Portman received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
It would be better if you and Jane stopped getting money from the NRA and actually do something, instead of mourning, hypocrite!
Give back the $100k+ you got from the NRA, then post your condolences.
Rob stop lining your pockets with money from the NRA and offering up prayers that do nothing.  U have blood on your hands
Please donate your $9,900 NRA contribution to helping the victims of gun violence in America.
Donate the funds the NRA gave your campaign to victims' funds immediately.
That's not enough, @senrobportman. You accepted $9,900 from the NRA during 2016 election cycle. You're part of the problem, you can fix it.
Mourning so much you're going to give the $9,900 the NRA donated to you in the 2016 election to help? #AskingFor58People #LasVegasShooting
You received almost $10k from the NRA this past year. Are those 59 lives lost in Las Vegas worth less to you than that $10k in your pocket?
I mourn that Senators like you are incapable of creating laws that reduce gun violence in the US - all over a $9k donation. #hypocrite
Do us all a favor and vote down the NRA silencer and armor piercing ammo legislation. Otherwise LEOs lives will be at risk. I vote in Ohio
Do you work to protect the gun companies or innocent Americans? Will see how you vote.
Then stop taking money from the NRA and pass stricter gun control laws. Other countries prove this works! #LasVegasShooting
Do more than mourn. Don't legalize silencers. Don't allow non-police to conceal carry in every state. Some states don't screen well.
And Americans also mourn the $9,900 in NRA money u accepted in 2016 election cycle so u can stifle common-sense gun control.
I mourn the fact that our representatives won't take any action to curb gun violence in this country, even when 59 (and counting) lay dead.
YOU were one of the Senators who voted against closing the gun safety loopholes. Blood on your hands, all of you who are owned by the NRA!
may you please also send the NRA their money back. or better yet donate it to save lives. thank you.
for $9900 the NRA rented your thoughts and prayers.  What a bargain for the blood that flowed in Vegas.  You stayed bought.  #fucktheNRA
How about you donate the money the NRA gave you to the victim’s families? That would send a message.
How much money do you take from the NRA? Maybe we voters should start to raise money so we can also buy your vote.
Ohio Senator Rob Portman received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
Lots of praying, but are you going to do something about assault rifles and large capacity weapons? I see you have a solid A from the NRA.
Oh, bullshit. You say it because you have to say it to not seem like a monster, even though you vote like one and you take $ from others.
I was going to tell you to put your vote where your mouth is, however it seems that many many people before me have already done so

Does your mourning include giving your @NRA cash to the victims and scripting of sensible gun laws?  If not, be quiet.
How much money did the NRA give you last election cycle? Thoughts & prayers are useless. Do something about gun control!
Them give back the 10k blood money you got from the #NRA
What if the next Sandy Hook is right down my street at Elder or Seton? Or a public school like Oak Hills?
Ohio Senator Rob Portman received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle.
$9,900 from NRA. #policynotprayers
He said, kneeling on the imported hand-sewn Afghan prayer rug purchased with NRA money.
You took almost $10,000 in campaign donations from the NRA last year. I mourn your lack of a soul.
Better than "mourning" would be action now & stop taking money from NRA.
PASS COMMON SENSE GUN LAWS OR BE VOTED OUT
Stop being an @NRA lapdog.
Then do something about it and vote NO to allowing silencers! #nomoreguns
Those crocodile tears don't hide the fact that you and the cursed money the NRA gives you caused this.
But you love the cash the nra gives you to make sure it keeps happening
If you really cared about the innocent lives you would not take money from the NRA.
The money you took from the #NRA last year adds up to $167 per victim. Congrats.
You got $9900 in the hopes that guys like that can have people killing machines.
With respect, sir.  Keep your thoughts and prayers. I want your vote for common sense gun control. #NRA #LasVegas
Screw your mourning.  Shame on u 4 taking donations from NRA. DO SOMETHING!  How many more deaths? USA needs #GunControlNow!
$9,900 from the NRA.  Blood money.
What? No thoughts and prayers? Don't you love this country? Traitor!
Stop taking bribe money from the NRA.  Start legislating for gun control.
Shame on you @senrobportman You are bought and paid for by the NRA. No one wants your empty thoughts and prayers now
#SendBackTheBloodMoney
Is $10000 all it takes? We could outraise the NRA pretty quickly.
Hope the blood never washes from your hands.
You accepted $9,900 from the NRA during the '16 election. Rethink your voting on gun laws before making empty statements like this.
Each of the $9,900 you took from the NRA last year is smeared with the blood of a victim of gun violence. Congrats.
then stop taking money from the NRA-
Their deaths are on your hands. You are responsible. You took blood money from the NRA to keep guns acceptable. You helped kill them.#resign
So horrified that you’re going to return the $9,900 in blood money you got from the NRA?
