bob , it's time to stop obstructing our president. There is no time to waste!
Maybe ask for an investigation into @realDonaldTrump 'Model Agency' then, if you care so much! 

Some of his 'models' said they were slaves
Are you ok with Nazis and white supremacists attacking people?
Are you a Senator or a freaking bot?!! Your tweets are looking ridiculous now. #Charlottesville
It's always been difficult to tell the difference between Portman and a hand-puppet
He had help with his re-election from a Koch bros PAC. Don't ever think he's a moderate republican
I never thought Portman was anything but a Koch poodle and poltroon.
Senator Portman's official statement on anything not concerning opioids, tax reform, or human trafficking:
When leaders and politicians fail it leads to extremism & Trafficking-Time to own it. Your bill won't help;Just hope you don't profit off it
They won't stop, because they are involved.

WATCH: Sex Trafficking Survivor Gives a Voice to Those Who Feel ‘Trapped In Silence’: https://www.google.com/amp/s/bold.global/aramb/2017/07/27/watch-sex-trafficking-survivor-gives-voice-feel-trapped-silence/amp/ …
@BoysAreNot4Sale
Are you going to condemn the white supremacist demonstration in Charlottesville or
Legalize prostitution
Sure for adult. Sex trafficing involves minors-very young. I was on a jury once on a case like that. Victim was about 14 for trial.
If it's found that @realDonaldTrump was involved in sex trafficking w/Trump Modelling, will you denounce him? Frankly, he's impeachable now.
Senator.  Charlottesville is THE narrative and GOP better be clear on stance.  So what is it?

It's also time for you to speak out on Charlottesville. Renounce white supremacy.
#Charlottesville
Let's get HEALTHCARE DONE YESTERDAY! !
I wish you felt as strong about tax and health care reform as you do human trafficking. Just as important. Lease go to work
Thank you ... please keep fighting this good fight 
Translation: Please forget how I tried to steal healthcare away from people and re-elect me. We see through you @senrobportman
Still waiting for your condemnation of the white supremacist rally, @senrobportman Plenty of other topics you seem to find more important
This is your party, Sen. This is your president whom you have supported. Condemn NOW or your silence speaks VOLUMES.
What are you doing about Obamacare Portman?
.@senrobportman You need to put out a statement against the racists in Virginia. Now!
Remember when you were conspicuously silent about the Republican birther craze in 2011, Senator?
He's conspicuously silent about all things until the cards fsll, so he can never be held accountable. Cowardice itself, personified.
How about you condemn the Nazi rally happening in Charlottesville right now? It's a direct result of Trump' s election, who you support.
R you aware of: #45 ignoring #Charlottesville;threatening war w/NKorea&Venezuela?Focus on #russiagate #emoluments #25thamendment #trumptaxes
No comment on Charlottesville? Silence is compliance, Senator. Apparently you condone this. Good to know.
Frankly this is getting really old you're sounding like a broken record!
You do not pay attention to the current issues.  Start talking about Virgina, POTUS, address the real issues.
Do something about the white supremacists taking over the Republican Party!  Be a man for once! Stand up to this hate- it will destroy us!
Do you honesty think they'll do that? They can't even get their act together after 7 years on #RepealandReplace
JFC?! Sex trafficking, we get it, it's bad.  Any comment on the global or national crisis occuring at this moment?!
Many in gov't need arrested for this very thing...
How about the white supremacists your party dog whistles in Charlottesville
Hey Rob the Nazis are marching!
DAMN Portman!! Yesterday it was 1 thing, campaign was 4 vet votes, then opioid epidemic. Now your back on this. 
MULTITASK u wrthls polticin
What about Charlottesville?
And this is the 5th tweet you sent today, that STILL wasn't about #Charlottesville ... Ignoring the topic at hand, won't make it go away...
Oh calm your tits, he is a super cuck.
What do you think about Charlottesville?? Is this on autopilot??
And time to stop the heinous acts in Charlottesville. But then, you endorse Josh Mandel, so maybe White Supremacy isn't a problem for you.
It's time for Congress to stop the heinous rhetoric of POTUS and avoid a war! NOW!
Good cause.
Any thoughts on #Charlottesville?
Pick a war against an uncontroversial evil and ignore everything else.
If you really cared about the victims of sex trafficking you would stop trying to use this issue as a distraction.
No one disagrees w/u on sex trafficking, Rob. However your silence on #Charlottesville is duly noted.
When we're all radiated because of your president there won't be any problem anymore I guess.
Senator, I want to see tweets condemning the actions in Charlottesville. Please take a stand against this.
It's time Congress acts to stop the heinous crimes of POTUS. There is no time to waste.
You might want to ADDRESS what's going on in Charlottesville VA, Rob. @POTUS @GOP has encouraged it and you know it.
Silence=Complicit=Guilt
It's time Congress just starts to act, period.  Het your act together and do your job. #bipartisan
where is your statement condemning the KKK violence in #Charlottesville ? Your silence makes you complicit.
Are you playing a commercial for yourself? Right now? 
Hate crime is happening right now. Will you denounce the actions in Charlottesville?
Charlottesville, North Korea, Venezuela. . . .  what's next? Even FLOTUS has a tweet commenting on Charlottesville.  Where are you Senator?
Portman is not a feedom caucus member, he is a McConnell puppet
Charlottesville? Ground zero.This is disgraceful and clearly David duke feels emboldened by POTUS.  Surely not too young to remember 60s.
Why don't you speak up about racism, bigotry, neo Nazis and alt right in Charlottesville? We will hold you and Trump accountable. Enough...
Congress needs to stop Trump before it will make any progress on anything. Amazing how quiet you all are about IMPEACHMENT.
I mean, at this point you're just trolling your constituents, right? 
This is totally a staffer. Rob's a little busy at a rally somewhere in Virginia today
Portman is too busy trying to undermine conservative republicans
It's also time to stop hate and white supremacy. What say you on that subject, sir? Can you stand with @OrrinHatch and integrity?
What about ending the hate in #Charlottesville????
Keep fiddling, Nero!
And be forced to actually have a position or make a statement or do his job?!?!? My word, you're asking a lot, maybe too much, from him.
I'd like you to make a statement on what's going on in Charlottesville
*NEWS FLASH* Cowardly @senrobportman refuses to take a stand against #WhiteSupremacy! What you don't condemn, you support! #Charlottesville
Drone flyswatter required
