This is a great example of #privilege, Senator: assuming everybody is enjoying a holiday when many of your constituents must work.
Defend DACA!   #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
Your silence on anything but opioid, human trafficking and tax cuts (for the rich) is so typical of you.
Exactly right!
how about stand with America, support our president, #BuildThatWall  #MAGA  #DrainTheSwamp  and you will win like Trump did
Please advocate for the dignity and importance of those who work to support their families and try to give a better life for their children
I spent it in one of our great #ohiostateparks
I went hiking in one of our #ohiostateparks too! It was great because there was #nofracking there.
Hoping Ohio politicians like @senrobportman might help protect our state's natural resources. We can do much better!
Ok if you think that will solve the NK problem?
Everyone is not, you know that. No word from you on DACA? No word from you on anything other than SESTA/opioids.
Weird you would wish a Happy Labor Day when your actions are contrary to the entire labor movement.
@senrobportman I hope you're reading these comments.  We care about many, many issues and since u work for us, you should listen
Advocating for deregulation that harms American workers while smiling and wishing them a "Happy Labor Day" is some next-level doublespeak.
yes we are Mr.portman ty, we need to know your going to support Trump and do away with the illegal DACA policy. 
Most of us are actually working. So out of touch with real workers!
You are a sad excuse for a senator
hopefully the dreamers can continue to enjoy their time here in the US with friends and family !!
Everyone in Ohio is waiting to vote you out of office for voting agaist our will.  You and John McCain can open a hamburger shop - swamp rat
Is that including the #Dreamers? Cause looks like the @GOP wants them to be excluded.
All day I kept thinking about how my Senator, who says he cares about children, can't take a public stand on DACA....
How about meeting your constituents?
In Huron County longtime Union drivers are on strike as Maple City Ice is taking away pensions. #NotCelebrating #StandUpForLabor
Solidarity! #UnionStrong 
Hopefully all of them
Go back under your antifa-terror black hood.
We're waiting for you to show integrity and backbone.
Yeah, thinking about GOP ruining unions ,making workplace less safe for wkrs, taking away OT, hurting retirees by delaying fiduciary rule.
Worst Labor day ever #thanksrob

Money well spent!
Nah, we are working in order to help friends in #Harvey country and calling to ask you to pass a bill so #DACA can stay. But enjoy yer day.
I enjoyed a safe & secure #LaborDay, unlike our trans service people & DACA residents.  Our POTUS threatens & bullies to impress his "base".
We are, thank you senator for your kind words to all the constituents like myself. At least it is nice weather outside today!
Everyone in Ohio is not necessarily deserving of or enjoying this holiday. Only a GOP-like Senator from Ohio  thinks so. Repeal DACA now!
I cannot imagine the fear that these young people are living. Let them stay . Would you please fight for them. Why won't you speak out?
Either Portman is a coward or he's evil.  Maybe, both, an evil coward!
So no mention of the labor movement and the reason behind the holiday, huh?
#UnionStrong 

Defend DACA
How do you feel about DACA?  Ohio voters have the right to know...take a stand & protect Dreamers!
Any mention of, you know, the reason fro the holiday? Those workers you're about to screw over voting for their boss' tax cuts?
When RU going 2get your lazy ass back 2work? U ppl R always on some vac or other! Wish I got your salary 4 doing very little! LaborDayIs4Us!
Yeah Labor Day!! Now for your return to Washington to squeeze the mid-class and poor to give the rich tax cuts!!! #shameonyouall #ruiningusa
I'm sure you and the gop will try and figure out how to take this day away like ACA, DACA, plans to tax my 401. Your fake care is rude.
Hope you're enjoying yet another day avoiding speaking with your concerned constituents!
How about DREAMERS? Do you think having the rug yanked out from under them is well deserved?
I wonder if @senrobportman knows where the “labor” in “Labor Day” comes from?
Hope everyone in #Ohio is enjoying a well-deserved #LaborDay with friends and family!
I love the fact that Washington conservative think tanks actually boycott Labor Day by working.
Nice safe tweet!
Floods,fires and brink of nuclear war not to mention the drug epidemic thats killing thousands of our citizens.
Hello!!!!!!
I hope you spend a minute today to think if a plan to protect #Dreamers today
Raise the Minimum Wage. If you care about workers you'll be sure they make AT LEAST, $15/hour. #LivingWage #FightFor15 #labor #MinimumWage
Do you mean "except Hispanics?" #DREAMERS
Please fight to not end DACA. We are not criminals, we pay taxes, contribute to society, and want to further our education.
From a guy who's party hurts workers every way they can...town hall???  #fakefoxnews
#DefendDACA
hope you are ready to stand against Trump...hope you stand up for middle class for health care, tax..etc...Trump is destroying our country
#DoYourJob #StandWithTrump #AmericaFirst
Most #Ohioans are actually working today because of your policies which hurt the avg worker, but reward shareholders & CEOs
How can we enjoy when you, @GOP, and @POTUS assault all that is good in American politics? No more racism, save DACA, remove 45! We are done
tell it to the dreamers rob
We frankly haven't had a peaceful day since Jan 20th. Put a leash on the freakin' President. Will you Rob?
Don't know how u r in seat.. #ohio should boot u out
How could we enjoy anything anymore? A mentally ill man trying to start a war. You were suppose to be there for us. Not yourself.
It's obvious we've all had it with these lame ass Congress asshats
Well, you your plan to tax my 401k is a bummer, but the fact that you won't #DefendDACA is outrageous.  So, no, not a great day, Rob.
How can anybody enjoy #LaborDay when we have a corrupt president and #Republicans sit idle?
The Dreamers aren't...
After today...co-sponsor the bipartisan Durbin-Graham “DREAM Act” (S. 1615).

Ohio needs dreamers. #DefendDREAMers
Rob...Ohio needs law abiders not illegals stealing American jobs
How about NOT taxing my 401K? Stop sabotaging the ACA?  Cancel the wall? Defend the dreamers, and save DACA?
I think a lot of people are kinda stressed, between NK and DACA threats. Can we have a real president now?
No we not enjoying our holiday Your party racist stand against dreamers .Your fawning tax cuts to your donors
DACA
Tell that to the Dreamers congress needs to fix this NOW CLEAN BILL STOP TERRORIZING THE DREAMER
#votethemout

#winning
You hope the CEOs are taking a well-deserved break while their workers put in holiday shifts?
Yeah, we're not, Rob. We're freaking out about #DREAMers. We need to know you're gonna #DefendDACA. And there's that N.K. thing, & Harvey...
Ditto
Happy Labor Day, Senator!
