Time better spent listening to your real constituents in Oh who pleaded with you to vote no on Devos;  photos is fake as you!
Ohio will remember your abandonment of its children ; you failed to consider the needs of disabled in supporting DeVos
I'm surprised you listened to people who didn't sweeten the deal with a $51k donation. Vote NO on DeVos. #StopDeVos
Still hoping you are listening. Your phones are busy. But I bet the people calling don't have 51k to pay you off. #StopDeVos
It hurts my feelings that you didn't invite me. I would have brought cookies.
It's cause I didn't offer to bake pumpkin bread, isn't it? It really is my speciality.
Thanks for attempting to keep in touch via generic email, BUT this is an AWFUL stance on #DeVos!! We don't want her! #NoDeVos
We want to talk to you IN OHIO! Please come have a Town Hall in the Dayton area!
also, does anyone in any of your offices ever answer the phone?
https://youtu.be/47OC7wZbwzM  #NoOnDevos
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. Be inspired by fellow Senators Murkowski and Collins
NO ON DEVOS! Not good for America!
please vote no on DeVos - voter in zip code 44120
You're in Washington, NOT Ohio! Constituent coffee hours should be in OH. #WheresRob? #NotFoolingAnyone
Are you strongly opposing DeVos?!?!
____
~a sincere constituent
Why is your support for DeVos buried in a weekly email? I don't see any public tweets expressing your support? #moneytalks
Why not meet with your constituents actually in your home state!?! We would like to see you! You are not representing us!
when do you plan to have coffee with your constituents here in columbus? we would love to talk with you!
no to Bannon, DeVos, Pruitt!
I hope you are hearing views (all over Ohio and the US) in complete opposition of the Betsy DeVos confirmation.  #BestForKids
Please do NOT confirm DeVos--lacks public education experience, has never held a job, did you hear her confirmation hearing?
did anyone ask you how much it would cost to buy your integrity back?  #NODEVOS
Good job, Sen. Start small. Trial balloons with your office staff. Will help with real constituents. #resist #indivisible
was this in Ohio or DC?  Could you set up some of these constituent coffee breaks when you are in Ohio?
.@senrobportman you don't need to go to DC to meet w/ Ohioans. Come talk to  constituents @ 37 W. Broad - your own office - next Tues @ 12.
You may have heard, but did you LISTEN?  Your constituents want you to vote No on Devos.  Do the right thing.  #noDevos
please come to a town hall in the Miami Valley Area/Dayton area.
I called your office 64 times yesterday & couldn't get through.Do you WANT to hear our views?  COME TO OHIO!
Come to Ohio where we live & the place you ARE SUPPOSED to represent. Come face us.
I would love to attend one of these in Ohio.
might want to try having one in Ohio where your constituents live.
how about having "constituent coffee" somewhere in the actual state of Ohio instead of DC where this photo was taken?
I hope they told you how dangerous DeVos is to Ohio children!  Please vote NO!
your constituents are hopeful you will say NO to Devos, vote with your heart and stand up for families. She is not qualified!
looks like Washington DC not Washington Courthouse. Come to OH to listen to constituents
stand for all of us and oppose DeVos. Or come to NW Ohio and defend your party before country approach.
Thanks for listening to us about voting NO on the supremely unqualified Betsy Devos' appointment to Secretary of Education!
Unbelievable! Your constituents are in Ohio, not D.C. I am an Independent and I trusted my vote w/you. Won't again
it seems as though you would be more likely to find your constituents right here in Ohio. We would love a town hall, in fact.
.@senrobportman you should be holding constituent coffee in Columbus, Dayton, Toledo, Cleveland, Appalachia, etc. NOT DC! #wheresRob?
YES PLEASE!
Can't wait for a constituent meeting in any of the cities in Ohio  #lemmingPortman
Sick to my stomach to see your support of Betsy DeVos. I'm very disappointed.
tens of 1,000 of women. children, and men visited your Ohio office to say No to DeVos #Portmanisdeaf!
Really  Ohio constituents in D.C. We r not fooled Senator Portman. #fallsinlinePortman
you should announce your stops.  Give all your constituents a chance to ask questions
.@senrobportman It's good to see a Senator meet with his constituents and not just duck out the back door!
didn't know you also had constituents in Washington as well?! How about Ohio?
Please do the same here in #Ohio
Wow, Rob! Wish I could make it all the way from Ohio to DC with your CONSTITUENTS to attend your CONSTITUENTS coffee! #ohio
I'm assuming you're hosting one during your state work period this month?
Senator, when will you hold one of these in Ohio? Difficult for the average constituent to travel to DC just to speak w/ you.
Would love to meet you in OH. DC is too far to drive for coffee. Pls vote NO on DeVos & Sessions.
FYI: Your constituents are in Ohio, not D.C.  And we want you to vote NO on Devos, Sessions & Pruitt.
your constituents are in front of your office in #Columbus every Tuesday.  Where are you?  #notfoolinganyone
so nice that you met with your constituents- just one minor problem- we are in Ohio- you know- the state you represent.
Why have a coffee meeting in the DC office? How about a meeting in Ohio? You know, the state you represent. #Ohio #DumpDevos
Hold a constituent coffee in Columbus, OH? Or a town hall? Or at the very least, clean your voicemail and answer your phones.
Come have coffee in Columbus, too! And vote against Betsy De Vos. Support the best interests of the children of Ohio.
can't wait to jump into a plane and meet you in DC! Please vote NO on DeVos
I live in Hilliard not the District of Columbia. Your constituents are people who live in Ohio. Need to tell you this???
last time I checked D.C. isnt in the state of Ohio. If you want to speak to Ohioans you might need to come to Ohio #TownHall
Constituent Coffee is a great idea - why not do it in Columbus or other Ohio cities, instead of DC?
ah, yes, your everyday Ohioan should hop a plane to DC to meet with you! What a great idea! #NotFoolingAnyone
vote no on DeVos, protect our children's education #childrenarethefuture
do you have a lot of constituents in DC?
why are you meeting with constituents in DC? Come home to Columbus and meet with those of us who actually live here.
you need to come to OHIO and have a town hall or get ready for your Columbus office lobby to become a campsite.
We would like to have you come to Dayton for a town hall or meeting!
your constituents are in Washington Court House, not Washington DC. #indivisible
.@SenRobPortman - you should be holding constituent coffee in Columbus, Dayton, Toledo, Cleveland, Appalachia, etc. NOT Washington DC!!
Excellent point @DerekHouston. When was the last time you spoke to constituents along the north coast @senrobportman? I never see you.
when will you be meeting with constituents in Ohio? We have a lot to share with you! #wheresrob
except this took place in DC. When will you commit to constituent coffee with us in Ohio?
Why meet Washington elite? Send plane to Ohio for the rest of us.
And when do you meet people in Ohio? Come to Ohio. more of us in Ohio than DC!
We r in Ohio not D.C. Say what??????
How about a town hall in your home state? Your constituents in Ohio have a few things they want to talk about. #DumpDevos
sorry I didn't make it...couldn't drive to DC and get to work on time...#NotFoolingAnyone
How courageous of you to meet constituents in DC! When will the people of Ohio count? Where's my town hall? #NotFoolingAnyone
As if most Ohioans can fly to DC to meet with you.  Come home and talk with those of us who have been asking to see you.
how about you meet with your OHIO constituents in, say, OHIO? #WheresRob? #NotFoolingAnyone
you did this townhall in D.C.???  Why would you not come to Ohio to talk to Ohioans?  Did you hand pick attendees?
he has Thursday coffee with constituents who are come to D.C.
or maybe you could host Ohio constituents in, you know OHIO. #notfoolinganyone #wheresrob
you should visit your Columbus office and host coffee. people that want to know are you on Ohio's side or #PresidentBannon
How many constituents do you have in D.C.?
Why not meet your constituents where they live? Scores of people have visited your Cbus office for over a month. Come home @senrobportman!
It would be really great if this actually happened in Ohio.
you're th he senator for Ohio right? I think we've been trying to meet with you too. We're also your constituents.
too bad none of us were actually invited....Because, ya know, we don't live in DC....
you can make it up to us by voting NO on @BetsyDeVos and Sessions!! Grizzlies? Really? We're begging you to stand up to this
But you will ever have this Repub support unless you get some backbone and stand up for democracy,  our allies & minorities
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!
I hope several of them convinced you to Vote No for @BetsyDeVos
Say no to Devos. Your constituents are watching....
NO DEVOS!!!  Stand up for our kids!  Be the third!!
Vote NO on DeVos. She will make a mess at all levels of our education system.
Was this in Ohio?   When and where do you have coffee with us in the State?  Would love to be included.
Please for the love of God and the sake of our children, vote NO on Betsy DeVos!
I have children that go to public school. Please #noDevos. She is unfit for sec of ed.
Please vote NO for Betsy DeVos!!!
Please vote no on DeVos! She is unqualified & I fear for the education of all our children. She'll fail our kids & nation!
I have been calling your Columbus office, busy signal. Really!! Vote No on DeVos. Make Ohio proud.
Betsy DeVos owes your constituents $5 million. Vote no!
We'd love to have a chance to chat with you in #Dayton at a #townhallmeeting
When is your next town hall in Ohio?
TY for taking time. Pls. Vote no on DeVos. As a parent of Ohio PS elementary students, she is not qualified for our kids
@lisamurkowski 

Children are our future. vote against Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education.  #StopDeVos
Senator Portman Please support Ohio by voting no on DeVos.
, I hope you are Listening and vote NO for DeVos. She has no professional education experience. #higherstandards #opposeDeVos
are you wondering why Trump isn't responding?
Please vote on DeVos. I have also called your office to express concern about this nomination.
n vote NO right Amber?
please vote no on Devos. Our children and future are at risk
Now really listen to them and vote NO for #BetsyDeVos. She is not qualified to be #SecretaryOfEducation!
vote no for #noDevos !
if you enjoy your constituents, don't you want them to also have a good education? A better education?
PLEASE VOTE NO on DeVos!
Please vote no on Betsy Devoss, for the sake of Ohio's children!  Put children over party ~ history will judge you on this!
why didn't you mention you were having it on twitter since you use it all the time. AFRAID of what you would really hear?
sir, are you running scared of your constituents who have been trying to reach you?
Thanks for listening to your constituents. I expect you to say no to Mnuchin confirmation after we learned how we rob OHIO!
you like hearing their views, but don't mind taking their insurance, having the most polluted air in the country.
we have been begging to hear when we could come see you. Cowardly to only open your doors to people who agree with you
will you act on our views?
are you hearing mine?!! I call everyday!You are just voting party lines. Grow a spine! You know this is bad for USA
hearing and listening are two different things
Price used office for $$; mnunchin skirted disclosures; you voted to send to senate w no further q's.  You work for Ohioans!
My error thinking you were a rogue politician.
Where were you when the nominations were rammed through by suspending rules? Town Hall in Hamilton Co. Answer your phones.
Really? Do you? Then why not do what's right for us and stand against confirming #devos?
was this meeting impromptu?  Invite only?
come home to #Ohio and hold a Town Hall.
this was held in DC?!
I and my neighbors would love for you to hold a #townhallmeeting in the #Dayton area.
You can't govern by selection, you must listen everyone you represent. 5 offices, no way to contact you except twitter??
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/01/31/opinion/the-republican-fausts.html?mwrsm=Email&_r=0&referer= … (You're mentioned here)... #agoodread
I hope they gave you hell for your selfish collaboration.
I hope your coffee was #FairTrade
Glad to hear you want our opinions . I want you to follow our Presidents  lead and stick to his agenda . I am an Ohio voter .
you only listen to people that agree with you. I have asked for a meeting numerous times. Talk to everyone . No courage
please do your part for all constituents, not just the select few. Oppose Gorsuch's nomination #SCOTUSnominee
Oppose Bannon, especially on the NSC. He has no business being there due to total lack of experience.
The Democrats are obstructionists. They use your feeble and spiritless commitment to the GOP to undermine our President.
please stand up for the people.  Show backbone or you're out
be a serviceman and servethe people VOTE no on DEVOSpriceSESSIONS please make Ohio proud and stand up. NO NO NO if not you GO
mr Portman please stand up and apposed the president and say no to his bad agenda
Come to Cincinnati
when are you having meetings at home? Your website doesn't list anything upcoming. Most of us can't make it to DC.
.@senrobportman I see that you & your GOP colleagues on Sen Finance Committee suspended rules to proceed with confirmations on Price &
.@senrobportman Mnunchin. You're not protecting Ohioans with these votes!! Country over party. Don't reward corruption & cronyism!(2/2)
Appreciate all of your efforts to move the country forward. Informed Sen. Brown of my opposition to his obstruction.
hope you informed @senrobportman how you were disappointed in his obstructionist behaviors in the last administration.
He never #Boycotted a meeting or showed disrespect or I would've gladly.
refusing to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland counts, no?
Where/when do they take place?
oppose Bannon. He has no place in the White House. 

- an Independent voter new to Ohio
I demand that you will put first in line Ohio's most vulnerable populations and that you will not bend to corporate interest.
can't have been well publicized I don't see pics of the 1000s that want to ask you about @TheMuslimBan
Will you choose constituents or party when their views differ?
it's a start...but, you have disappointed lately...it's time to quit being a politician and have a little courage
Oppose Steve Bannon
