But you support #trump and #Pruitt. You support killing #EPA and unhealthy people. That will be YOUR green drink. Have a townhall in #Toledo
So let's vote in Pruitt, who will remove clean water protections! Making Lake Erie Disgusting Again! #mleda
Why fund a special project (GLRI) when the EPA, state or federal, already has the authority to curb fertilizer over-use?
And yet Trump wants to cut budget for the Great Lakes.  Fight on our behalf, Senator. Put Ohio First.
"fed budgets for NOAA's Sea Grant program, which funds the Stone Lab, are on the chopping block among the Trump Admin's proposals"
also if you really cared about Ohioans you will vote against the health care bill
@JoyAnnReid clevelanddotcom also if you care so much why do you always put party and money over Ohio and country
Great job opposing the EPA pick of POTUS

Why did you vote FOR Scott Pruitt as the head of the EPA if you're such a conservationist? You are a fraud.
Which means we need money to help fix it. Government does what individuals can't. Raise our income tax!
Did you not vote for Pruitt to head the EPA? Time to start voting the way you tweet. You care about the environment? Vote that way.
if you really cared about Great Lakes you wouldn't have voted to confirm Scott Pruitt
Will you reach out to the President to discuss his cuts to Lake Erie funding in the budget proposal?
You shouldn't have let @POTUS decimate EPA then. Can't talk out of both sides of your mouth
Won't health problems from exposure to them be excluded from #Trumpcare?
You voted for Pruitt.  Your false concern for the environment can stop.  How do you plan to vote on healthcare?
"Health" Care.  No, it is a massive tax cut for the rich.  Your constituents are going to remember the route you take.

Then help the Great Lakes! Because you have done nothing for them. Your constituents drink Lake Erie.
You claim to be concerned about constituents affected by addiction & Lake Erie pollution but deny them coverage for treatment?! DI YOUR JOB!
It must be really hard for a Republican to decide whether or not to vote for millions of people to die.
No it's not
Who voted to put Pruitt in as EPA lead:    YOU DID!!   Stop talking out of both sides of your mouth.  #LOST CREDIBILITY!!!
If only we had an EPA  that worked for clean air and water instead of the trump inspired disaster that you helped confirm.
Should we expect any help from your buddy, Pruitt over at the EPA?
Oh wait, not your problem, your family isn't subjected to draconian health insurance coverage.
So, assume you will oppose Admin budget cuts for clean air and water programs?  Also Vote NO on gutting ACA.
Your words and your actions don't seem to match up.....town hall, please. 45224
Yknow what else is bad for ppl? Anti intellectualism, fascism, and feudalism. Nobody that voted to confirm Betsy Devos is  competent.
Wouldn't it be great if we had an EPA to guide us in the right direction? Yes, but Trump has gutted the EPA. Bad hombre.
Guess you shoulda re-thought that EPA yes vote....
Well, duh and so is the healthcare bill. Vote no!
*DO
Protect Lake Erie. Do something good for all people who enjoy the lake. People first.
But you still voted for Pruitt and continue to vote for deregulation?
Phosphorus runoff from farms.  Can't regulate the farmers, right?  Too many regs, right?  Kind of puts us all in a pickle doesn't it?
Honestly, the new #Trumpcare bill will kill more #Ohioans than algal blooms, so why don't you come out & oppose it?
I am a constituent. Why did you vote for our current EPA guy who is gutting clean water standards? Talk is cheap. You talk from both sides.
Also, Portman won in a 30% landslide. Most Ohioans suppourt him. If you don't, too bad. We are a democracy. Wait 6 years
To all of the people saying "muh ahca"
Maybe if your party didn't follow Trump.blindly there would be an EPA.
This will only get worse in the years to come if our leaders (that's you) dont do something to help slow climate change.
So let's get rid of all of the legislation that might help prevent them! Good on ya, senator!
"Thanks for your vote, Rob! Together we'll dismantle EPA and defund Great Lakes Restoration Initiative!"

- @EPAScottPruitt
@senrobportman it seems like you care more about algal blooms than child health. #VoteNoBCRA #KeepKidsCovered
Who voted for Pruitt to gut the EPA?
That was you, Portman.
From now on, you own every environmental catastrophe.
Also bad for Lake Erie climate change denying: for OH, disinformation & Russia meddling- oh & losing Medicaid that would be bad #AHCAKills
Then contact the EPA.  Fertilizer and other contaminants are destroying our lake. More profits, less drinking water.
But you are all for gutting the EPA and water protections. Did you not think it would have a negative effect on the Great Lakes?
Largely caused by poor farming techniques.
Imagine needing medical care
Call the EPA... Ohio is protected, right?
If u vote for the healthcare bill, people who get sick from that water & with no jobs, will not get any medical help .VOTE NO!
What is the impact of Pruitt's WOTUS for Lake Erie?
Lake Erie is vital for OHIO's economic growth, trade, manufacturing, recreation dollars, hotels, restaurants and it will affect everyone.
Harmful to people who need clean drinking water and healthcare because govt won't fix regulations and care for the sick!  Vote NO!
And our current Administration has laid off HOW MANY DEPARTMENTS IN THE EPA?
How's you vote on the confirmation hearing for head of the EPA?
How are you working with our EPA to address this and work toward a solution?
Is it Deflector or Defector? It's becoming difficult to distinguish between the two! Who do you represent? Constituents, Donors, Russians..?
Wow, maybe you should tell @ScottPruittOK (the man you support) that having a clean environment can help job growth!!
Well when people get sick they won't have insurance to pay there bill because it's going to be so bad
U voted for Scott Pruitt and this administration? Then protect business from dumping and run offs from farms, no regs? What did you expect?
Yes that Scott Pruitt thing- it's almost as if the party line was more important that people & principles 
https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/886015376173268992 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
If you really care, stop 45 from dismantling the EPA, please.
But you keep voting to deregulate what can get thrown into our water. Hmmmm.....
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
That new healthcare bill is dangerous for ppl and bad for Ohio too, so please vote NO on that.
So if someone gets ill because of this, where will they get affordable healthcare under BCRA
so could you maybe help make your party stop deregulating and defunding organizations that manage shit like algae and pollution
.@senrobportman Even more harmful is 22M losing their health insurance because of #BCRA.Millions of Americans are counting on you to stop it
He's against the bill
No health care is bad for people too. As far as the Great Lakes, you helped put Pruitt at EPA, so your concern about them is suspect.

Kasich spokesman: Pence's 'false' healthcare claim 'just the opposite of what actually happened' in Ohio http://hill.cm/1ono1nQ  
The minimum amount for payment of only $ 30
