Selling us out for decades - it's what the Republican party does.

Your KOCH MASTERS are proud.
We need to vote in '22
And 2018, 2020.  Lots of sell-outs to remove from office. 

Please spread the word about 2018 now...that important.
"The story of the Waterloo Arts/Entertainment District is a testament to the transformative power of cultural investments in our communities
http://waterlooarts.org/about/ 
Funding from the BOTTOM UP works. Funding from the TOP DOWN doesn't. It's that simple.
You are kidding Ohioans even with the good news from the last 2 years of income middle class people are earning what we earned in 1999!!!!!!
Do you ever go on another news show. Besides a Fox News? I won't watch them, they lie too much.
Tax the rich. Tax the rich. Tax the rich. Tax the rich. Tax the rich. Tax the rich. Tax the rich. Tax the rich. Tax the rich. Tax the rich.

please quit floating trickle down policies. They don't work.
@senrobportman only talks to FOX and not to his constituents. #ConstituentsMatter #QuitYourJobRob
Meanwhile the very rich including many of you in office including Trump and his billionaire cabinet have been raking it in-disgusting
do you ever talk to ANYONE else? Um, like your constituents? At a town hall? from: constituent 44074
There is no plan, other than the plan to steal from poor and middle class and give to wealthy. No jobs there.
No, it doesn't. Quit peddling tax breaks for the rich and ignore crimes by Trump, hurricane relief, budget crisis and DACA. #CorruptGOP
Tax reform needs to come to the middle and working class, not wealthy and corporations
Cutting taxes for 1% will further increase disparity as rich get richer and middle-class fades away. Trickle down never worked. Incentives
Not one penny of tax cut for the wealthy. Does not add jobs or wages.
If only we could look back in history to see if someone has tried this before ...
Tax cuts don't boost wages. But raising the minimum wage certainly does. Every.single.time.
WE'll see how serious this filp flopper is
What are u kidding me
 We are bleeding tax revenue
 Not the time for a tax cut we cannot pay for.
No #TaxReform until @realDonaldTrump @POTUS releases ALL his tax returns.
You'd know that if you bothered listening to voters!
Simplify the code please!!!
Trickle Down works every time!  (recession last time boo, do some homework)
Let's give businesses like Carrier tax breaks so they can lay people off anyway and ship jobs overseas. Middle and lower class see nothing.
Good point. How soon will you encourage Trump to bring  his companies to the US?
Let's talk about this and many other important issues at a #TownHall #PortmanMIA
Once again @realDonaldTrump reform will benefit his wallet along w/his friends and family. How does that help Ohioans at home?
It won't boost wages and likely won't bring jobs back either. But, whatever story fits your purpose, I guess.
Please, start your action with Trump!  Hold him accountable!
Mandatory E-Verify, workplace enforcement, ending #DACA, RAISE ACT would help raise wages too!
Until your President shows us exactly what's in his taxes, we can't trust you on #taxreform.
No! The calls will begin! NO tax cuts for the 1% your trickle down did NOT work before and did not yield jobs! Automation, robots take jobs!
Nope. Tax cuts for wealthy = 
This is ridiculous. We need more, not less, progressive taxes. Income inequality is the root of evil and revolution. The
Such horseshit.  "Tax reform" aka tax cuts for the 0.01% aren't going to do any of that and you know it.










I am a constituent & I want you to forget about trikle down, it's a failure. No tax cuts and give aways to the 1% either!
Trump needs to release his tax returns first. We need to know who he's beholden to.
The only people who will reap the benefits of this are the shareholders NOT your hardworking constituents you "claim" to represent. #FUPMAN
Instead, force corporations to bring their profits onshore and pay the full tax rate.  End trade deals that push jobs overseas.
More tax cuts for the rich will only increase income inequality and kill the middle class.

Great article. Thanks for sharing!
Please cite sources that indicate removing taxes on the wealthy elite increases wages for the middle class.
tax reform or tax cuts?
Rob, the rich need to pay more. Trickle down economics does not work.
Robby sure likes to take to Twitter like our terrible POTUS. Meet some people at a town hall and maybe we will start listening, you first!
please stop with this old tripe, trickle down is a debunked failed theory
Never got a reply from tele town hall( Left message after beep) What programs gets cut to make up for revenue loss from reducing corp taxes?
You have to stop calling this reform. It's a tax cut for the top.
Senator what was the marginal rate when Ike was President ? I'm for that one the one that got our roads and bridges built
Unemployment is at a very low plateau. CEOs make 350% more than avg workers. We don't need more trickle-down to line the pockets of the 1%.
Or how about you actually listen to your constituents&talk about healthcare?
Cutting taxes for the top 5% does nothing to achieve this so why are you pushing for it?
There's no tax reform package, just plans to cut taxes for 1%ers.  How can we fund infrastructure, other plans, w/ less $? Voodoo economics.
@realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump should bring their manufacturing jobs to the U.S.  I'm sure many towns in Appalachia would appreciate it.
You know, you can support anything you want, Senator. But DON'T LIE TO US. You know trickle-down is a lie. What's wrong with the truth?
There ARE jobs Sen Portman. Applicants can't pass the drug tests!  Put your energy there, where it matters. Not tax reform for the wealthy.
Congress needs to do a lot, but as usual they do nothing TERM LIMITS WILL MAKE THEM WORK QUICKER. No time for trips and free dinners
Republicans need to get off their ass and start passing legislation! #VoteThemOut #OutOfTouch
Sir. You need to have townhalls & hear your constituents, who put you in office to be their voice. You are not a one man show for yourself.
Tax reform is going to be essential to help the 1% get back on their feet after years of disappointingly drastic profit increases.
