Now is the time for YOU to lead a #bipartisan address to improving ACA insurance exhcanges and opioid crisis.  Leave #Medicaid alone.
#fixtheACA
You're  in charge of changing that fact, but yet, Obamacare is still here.
Work with Dems to fix it.
The definition of "work" is lost on Portman.
btw  You are apparently nut if you don't get it by now.  Might want to use some of that insurance WE PAY FOR to get your head examined!
You're a coward
Then roll up your sleeves, reach across side and improve what we already have.
Fix it
Bullcrap, Senator....You were a no all along... McCain ran cover for you.... You're a Kasich, big gov spender.  Bill coming due in OH 2018
The ACA didn't tell insurance companies to increase rates - they did that on their own. It's what's wrong with for profit healthcare.
Big fail on your part.  Will do my best to get you voted out next time you are up for re-election
My son and daughter in law can't afford health insurance, work 2 jobs each! Employers won't hire full time due to benifits. No $ no time!
Lies, lies, lies.
The only thing not working for Ohio is @senrobportman
Time to repeal and replace @senrobportman your just another #RINO
You can't say anything about healthcare when you've ignored your base and your Governor.
Unless you can come up with something better, don't eliminate what we have. Something from Obama is better than less from the Republicans.
For MOST Ohioans it IS working! Stop trying to HURT people!!!!!
Wow. Did Trump write that tweet? You voted for a shit bill that you read 2 hrs before the vote. McCain is a hero. He stood up for us.
Premiums were skyrocketing well before Obamacare. #ProtectOurCare shame on you!
The bill you voted in favor of last night was expected to increase premiums by 20% and have 15M fewer insured. How does that 'work better'?
Because FREEDOM!! (That's my sarcasm font, btw...)
Yes freedom for #the1% to continually screw us
If you're against me and not the 1%, you've got some soul searching to do. We've got way more in common than not.
Agree.. but their greed has increased to the point that democracy is in serious jeopardy..should we throw the white flag or grab pitchforks?
Fork me!!! 
Stop voting against its repeal
WRONG!  It works.  You're a big a liar as your boss, #Trump
Then fix with single payer
This is such horse shit. All you have to do is take steps to stabilize the markets, not undermine them
Have the house stop contesting the subsidies to insurers.
So fix it then, but repeal is not a legitimate option.
so your solution is to slash Medicaid and kick millions off there insurance. You threw your constituents under the bus
Then why didn't you vote with the other GOP leaders?  I'm so disappointed in you and very angry.
Through out this debate - let me fix that for U "Despicable P" - 2 hours of us talking at you in the senate..that's not debate.
YOU aren't working for Ohio families.
I have an #ohio family and the only thing not working for me right now is YOU.
So what is YOUR solution ?
And what have you done with the YEARS you have had to come up with something better?
Then quit trying to sabotage it, and work on fixing what doesn't work. GOP plans to date really suck.
What you put forward is so much worse.
You know what Rob? Go tell McCain about it. @potus #maga #deplorables @dailycaller @foxnews @circs
Stop already!  Such distortion.
Yes FIX WHAT EXISTS. Work w Dems/Ind 2 create a HC program that everyone wants 2 participate in~including u & ur fam. Rep/Rep is ego driven
Affordable Care Act is not perfect but definitely better than nothing. Work together for improving what is on the books.
Like dems say,  there are some places that need inked. attention.  Other places the ACA works just fine.
Partisan, Spineless Hypocrite!!!
It is working.  Republicans have stated over and over again that they will not fix the small problems, but will fight to uninsure the masses
Ins. Market looking for assurance that government all in on healthcare. Show them and encourage coverage for all!
Then #FixACA by taking the extreme profit motive for insurance companies and tax breaks for the wealthy out of the equation.
Then work to fix it!
ACA. Has. Saved. Lives. It also improves the lives of families that include children with ASD.
Again, great for me
ACA HAS worked for my senior mom and ALL the folks who could not even get insurance before.Fixes are needed-not repeal. Don't sabotage-fix!
You still haven't learned. We are TIRED of the rhetoric. GOP caused those probs to begin with. Help to make it work.
You are so full of !!!
You should have #RepealObamacare You had a great chance this week and YOU CHOSE TO STAND IN THE WAY OF BETTER HEALTHCARE
Are you waiting until the middle class in Ohio starts to commit suicide?
And your solution is worst.l
We will remember!
You are completely wrong Senator Portman and that is reason I didn't vote for you!!!!
You god damn COWARD!
Premiums go up because costs continue increase.  Reducing access only adds to cost.  Uninsured show up in ERs or more sick.
Don't just vote to repeal with no plan on how to fix it! You are a disgrace to our great state!
Stabilize the markets ffs.
So your solution is to make the situation worse via the BCRA or skinny repeal and big tax cuts for rich?? No, no, no.
But you don't offer a clue for what could replace it? People, healthcare professionals, even insurers need to know! Do the homework first!
Maybe you central planners in DC aren't that good at Healthcare.  Heard of the free market?
Rob you lie, once Medicaid is gone #TRUMPCARE will kill Ohioans. Get a spine & help FIX #ACA
there are none so blind as those who will not see
Sir, that horse is dead. Please get to work improving the ACA. Ohio is still watching. Giddy up.
Then actually try to fix it on a bipartisan level.
Premiums and deductibles have been going up at a steep rate long before Obamacare. How do you know it isn't the Senate's fault?
And all these democrat liberals responding to you have lost their marbles.
You should have voted for full repeal. Instead you tried to play down the middle and you're losing support on both sides. Lost my vote
Then fix it. Stop bitching about it.
Get a better alternative!
Americans deserve better than propaganda. That is how you got into the mess of trying to replace a bill without a plan
.@senrobportman We know ACA was sabotaged by Marco Rubio and the Republicans. Please reinstate the 'risk corridors'.
The working poor have coverage thanks to the Medicaid expansion. How do you not know this about Ohio? Do u even care?
So why did you vote to keep it?
Nobody believes you b/c you keep breaking promises & voting against Ohioans. If u got something to say-there's only 1 way: #REALTownHallNOW.
on dec 31 blue cross will drop me and there are no other insurers for our Ohio county. A customer for 25 years. Get this done. Please.
Then please quit fixating on the opioid crisis and try fixating on the health care crisis. Both are vital, but elderly & kids deserve more!
Then work with insurance cos and fulfill the ACA reqs: IRS, Co subsidies, promotion. And it's The AFFORDABLE CARE ACT not Obamacare. #NAACP
Then why did you vote no on the Paul Amdt. for a clean repeal of Obamacare. Wasted my vote on you Portman, see you in the 22' primary.
Maybe not. But it's far better than recent proposals. Please work to improve it now!
Maybe next time, ask some WOMEN about WOMEN'S health issues. And not wait until your lunch break to slap some shit together.
Have personal bankruptcy filings gone down in Ohio after the ACA implementation? It will cost tax payers one way or another.
Thats right, so fix it
Your statement articulates real problems we should fix. The bills you voted for would only have made the problems worse. Do better.
you're right Rob we should just try dying of preventable diseases instead.
The solution was never going to be to blow everything up, but that's what you voted for
Then fix it!  Don't repeal it!  Work together to save Ohioans from high premiums, high deductibles, and higher cost of care!
@senrobportman you've lost all credibility. Work with the democrats to fix the ACA. It's clear your party can't get anything done.
Medicare for all. Time to bypass the insurers.
Tell the Trump administration and the Republicans to stop sabatoging it. Can you do that Rob?
Then roll your sleeves up and DO THE ACTUAL WORK of making it better. No idea what the goals were of your 13 men in a room, but they sucked.
So fix it , stop complaining & help us. Work with the Democrats.  Time to be the bigger person here. Alot of us it helps. 7 yrs I heard this
because of thre INSECURITY YOU CREATED by your 7 year repeal drama..!!  accept the ACA, bring stability and work on IMPROVING it
It allows a lot of entrepreneurs to start new enterprises and have healthcare!!!
Fix Obamacare.
.@senrobportman isn't working for #Ohio . Tax breaks for wealthy Pharma and insurance co. while harming millions is BAD plan. #DoYourJob
After seven years, this is all you've got,Baby Killer? We've known this the whole time, but all you wanted to do was "repeal"
You had a Chance to repeal it and voted not to! Shut up you fraud
Senator Portman, you're not working for Ohio. You're working for yourself. You've voted in favor of this bill just to line your pockets.
You've done nothing but want to help yourself. Give it up.
You've shown yourself unwilling to listen to our Governor, Constituents, or experts in their field.  You are unfit to serve as Senator.
So much cut&paste in this stmt. 
What wd HR-S Conf have accomplished?--still wd have excluded Dems, so the resulting bill wd have been poor
Perhaps you, Sen Brown, & Gov Kasich could sit down together & discuss/develop a plan that works well for all Ohioans/all Americans.
Then work to improve it.  Don't just let it fall apart - enforce the law as it is now and work to make it better for everyone
Instead of tweeting typical Rep. talking points, how about your suggestion for making it better! Repeal so YOU can pay less taxes isn't one
I'm afraid you'll regret your decisions this historic week--you chose party over country; ideology over pragmatism.
Oh Rob, the only thing that isn't working for us is you. Let's try this.... "work" to improve #ACA.
Well keeping the government involved in health care will only continue this trend!
Luckily I'm covered by an employer sponsored plan. The repeal you voted was a vote against that. You and GOP could've hurt many people
Really wish you had been one of the 3 GOP leaders who voted  against the skinny repeal. I feel underrepresented--thought you were moderate.
Look into that corporate greed!
Yes, and there are far better solutions than the ones that you voted for. Shame on you!
And they would have increased 20% by end of year had 'skinny repeal' passed.
Fix the problems. Stop complaining and contributing to its downfall.
And you aren't working for your constituents!!  How would you like to live under the bill you just voted on????
Maybe work with Democrats? Maybe hold a public hearing? Maybe follow an open & democratic process? In other words, maybe do your job.
You voted to increase premiums and kick people off their health insurance LAST NIGHT. How short do you think our attention span is?
Stop. The. Lies.
Then fix it. You want to cut off the leg rather than treating the wound. Fix the ACA. Put us before your party.
Single payer is the only way forward
Universal health care!  No more "for-profit" medical or insurance companies!
#newsflash a unilateral plan doesn't work! work with your colleague @SenSherrodBrown on a #bipartisan plan that's good for #Ohio
Then you pass something BETTER.  Not something worse. Interesting you leave that important step out of your explanation. Do better or leave.
Ya'll gambled politically that not supporting the ACA and sabotaging it would get you tax cuts for *YOU*. FIX THE ACA or MAKE A BETTER BILL!
Portman isn't working for #Ohio. He's not up for reelection, but contribute to campaigns w/ vulnerable candidates:
And how does voting for people to completely lose health insurance fix that problem?
Who will pay for uninsured under your plan? Or do you think uninsured have no medical issues?  Pls reply.

So work across the isle and fix it!
FIX ACA!  BI PARTISAN EFFORT - NOW!
Stop bashing a former President. Call it whatever pleases you, but make sure it helps people. I shouldn't have to say that.
then get in a room with both parties and come up with a lasting solution. That was a pathetic joke last night
Prove you care abt #Ohio families & #smallbiz and DON'T participate in another sham like what we just witnessed. Stop the lies about O-care.
But it IS working for many others in Ohio (via Medicaid exp., protections for preexisting conditions, etc.) Why harm them to satisfy others?
But, damn, nothing we can do about it now! .@SenJohnMcCain saved the day for us, we'll just keep blathering & not have to do anything real!
Yes it is. You don't speak for me. You don't know my life.
Opinion | Now that Trumpcare has failed, it's time to drop all the lies
Ur actions r not backing up ur tweets
We now have layoffs in our paper mill town, 120 jobs lost. How do they pay for insurance? Our economy will be hurt as well.
.@senrobportman RE: Obamacare. We need you to act, Senator -- not pontificate....
It's as though you just say what sounds good and the vote your lack of conscience.
And last night you voted for a measure that would have made it astronomically worse. Shame on you.
20% premium increase with the bill u supported.  Did u ignore that when u voted?
OMG.  You beat all you know that.  How can you say these words and then vote to decimate health care for millions?
Very sad that you once again chose party over country.  Thnx @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins & @SenJohnMcCain for standing up for Americans!
Shame on you.
@indivisibledyt #1 It isn't Obamacare, it's Affordable Care Act; #2 This tweet is a broken record; #3 Time 2 work w Ds to fix ACA, or lv DC.
, Health care isn't working bc we rely on profit-driven insurance companies, plain and simple. #medicareforall
Please reach across the aisle and work to fix the law. That's all we're asking.
No it's not working it has to be repealed and replaced it is hurting us as American families
So please fix it for th average person & stop fighting. Work w/Dems. We all win by working together. That's what we tell our kids.
You campaigned on the repeal of this job killing law. Your no different than the liberals that made this law @senrobportman !
Patch the holes don't set off depth charges and doom millions. Portman:Good luck floating, America, while we wait 7 mr yrs for a replacement
You were willing to possibly sell Ohio down the river.  Get a decent plan together. Do you  like your insurance?  Give Ohio families more!
I know something/ someone else who won't be working for Ohio much longer as well!!!!
Where is the bill the GOP has had years to work on?  #Ohio families took you at your word.  Emperor has no clothes.
You voted for a much worse alternative and legitimized a disgraceful process to satisfy McConnell. We have no faith in you on this issue
All of the GOP get even with Obama actions are not hurting Obama they are hurting people Move on Portman and help people
Correction: It isn't working for you, your donors, and the lobbyists...
You failed your constituents...my neck hurts watching you bounce back and forth....riding the middle...sad
Because GOP is SABOTAGING it-STOP playing politics with people's LIVES! Fix ACA w/Democrats! @All100Senators
THEN WHY WOULD YOU VOTE NO ON THE REPEAL YESTERDAY @senrobportman !!!!! Your an absolute sellout.
I was happy w/ some of your votes this year. Last night was a very poor vote, though. Please start working to fix issues, not create more.
Show some leadership.  You repeat this over and over again. Whats YOUR plan?
We're going to get single payer as long as the do nothing GOP is around. Y'all going to love it
You have had 7years to come up with fixes or a better plan. wasted time to come up with a shitty bill written over lunch. Not good enough!
and your vote last night FOR Trumpcare would have made these things so very much worse so...
Then work to FIX what's not working instead of trying to blowtorch the entire system to score political points with rich people
so actually suggest/work with dems to FIX IT. because it's clearly working for many no matter how much you want it to fail.
Then stop trying to sabotage the ACA. That should help!
Then I guess maybe you should have voted to repeal it.  Funny how that works.
Then debate and fix prob in ACA, don't reinvent the wheel and create more and worse problems
I am a constituent & have voted 4 u several times. Please take a tougher stand on conservative principles and call out the RINOs. Don't be 1
.@senrobportman and many in Ohio have gotten health care for the first time in their lives. Fix the ACA and keep Medicaid. Stop lying to us.
Senator Portman, the people of Ohio are tired of their government representing corporate special interests. You are part of the problem.
All u GOP a holes do is whine about the failure of ACA Fix it! Actually write a real healthcare plan or is that something u r incapable of
you had no idea what the skinny repeal was ..... you had what a hour to review it 
YOU LET OHIO DOWN ......... you had 7yrs and you FAILED !
Obamacare has made it so that people with cancer can get insurance. Pre-existing conditions. We see through your lies. God is your judge.
