When are you running for reelection again? 
Not for six years. He was just re elected in November.
Thank you.
.@senrobportman

Typical @GOP globalist elite 'talk about it and do nothing.'

We, Republican voters, reject this approach Sen Rob Portman.
.@senrobportman 

And any other @GOP who puts their agenda over voters agenda... We WILL fight back against you!

#MAGA
history has its eyes on you.
while doing more than your colleagues, this is still inadequate. Action now.: https://www.propublica.org/article/cleveland-clinic-doctor-forced-to-leave-country-after-trump-order …
Glad to hear you are OK with judges "stay" re. the unconst. EO.  Your constituents want you to be ready to help refugees!
its a sad day when members of the Potus own party have to question his decisions. I applaud you.
I admire Senator Portman for speaking out on Executive Order & acting like a statesman not a partisan
Hope you stand up for the freedoms that make this a great country.
where are the voting for Trump's cabinet get it started now!!!!!!
disappointed in you Rob Portman@  Trump must be reversed.  Protect the Constitution.#nomuslimban
Hi! Constituent here. I like most of what you said. But I need you & congress to get madder & fight him more.
pro life is pro refugee! Take note of the ideas of those you represent! Your silence speaks volumes.
I am sure you won't say anything that the majority of Ohioans want to here.
Your statement is weak. If you think this is wrong, say so. If you think it’s just “not the best way” then you’re complicit.
I hope you disavow it, senator! It is ineffective and unAmerican!
you need to say it's wrong.
I agree with your statement that Trumps extreme vetting program was NOT PROPERLY VETTED!
constituent from 43081. Poor, half hearted condemnation of Trump's immigration ban. I expect more from you, Rob
Please stand up to Refugee Ban EO! It must be reviewed for its questionable #constitutionality & #morality. Matthew 25:42-45.
This EO has nothing to do with the safety of our country. If it did, Saudi Arabia would be included.
I expect a full condemnation of the immigration ban #NoBanNoWall #RefugeesWelcome
Please say you are against the unconstitutional ban
is not unconstitutional!! Is a temporary ban.
we heard the same bs excuse for decades now about vetting needs to be better. Move your butts!
portman will say or do any thing to be on camera
I hope you will be pro-life and oppose this inhumane act.
so glad we have MR Sherrod Brown to be proud of! He has VOICED his concerns while you squirm sad
How can this not be a conflict of interest when the countries where Trump has interests are not included
do better mr Portman. Stop worrying about your future reelection . If you do the right thing you will be re-elected.
Senator - you have stood up for what is right but it sounds like you rolled over for party.
Senator Portman as one of the "good and decent" Repubs please don't let sit idly by as evil takes hold
get  Steve Bannon OUT!!!!! Make a stance SAVE this country!!! We depend on YOU! We know Mr Browns voice
At this point we should petition the Republican party to change their name to the Natzi party.#NoBanNoWall
@CNNPOLITlCS please Senator Portman #StopTrumpNow!
when you give up liberty for safety. You end up with neither!!!
please stand up for us by standing up to Trump and his dangerous agenda. #NoBanNoWall #Resist #Ohio
Thank you for being a voice of reason. Please continue standing for thought before extreme action. @jaketapper @CNNSotu
please stand up to Trump!
if ur willing to disagree with @potus about refugees. Please fight back and take action on this inhumane way of thinking.
sen portman suggests we take a deep breath. In the meantime our rights and humanity are being eroded
When will Portman speak up.?!
what are you doing about this http://propublica.org/article/cleveland-clinic-doctor-forced-to-leave-country-after-trump-order …
ask about this https://www.propublica.org/article/cleveland-clinic-doctor-forced-to-leave-country-after-trump-order …
So @senrobportman what is your position on #MuslimBan for those who missed you on @jaketapper @CNNSotu?
you're such a coward, Bobbie. Your validation of blatant hatred does not square with Ohio values.
you asked so we watched & saw a spineless politician refuse to stand up for American values. Pathetic!
you're a coward. Obama banned Iraq refugees for 6 months, you didn't cry then..RINO
Senator Portman, you are my Senator. Please speak out on my behalf.
when are these assholes coming back to Ohio to look us in the face and say this
thank you for (sort of) standing up for liberty and the Constitution.
Rob stand up to this atrocity and tell @realDonaldTrump to stand down and rescind the order.
Please continue to support the American image of welcoming immigrants.
take a stand and stop the degradation of the US. Trump is a huge risk undermining our country
It's about time Senator.
#NoBanNoWall
It is a Muslim ban for the nations with whom he has no $$$ interest. Giuliani called it as Trump himself did. Stop parsing.
@CISVInt  @cisvusa As a fellow CISVer from Cincy, I implore you to remember your roots connecting u to our world community!
As an OH Democrat I see u have morals & integrity tho we differ on many issues. Please stand up to Trump!
Appreciate your willingness to stand up to Trump if reverses sanctions on Russia.
Rob Portman is a RINO sycophant who is trying to undermine our president and our country.
Why didn't u just agree that the ban is not consistent with American values? It's not, so just say it.
Good start, Senator. Thanks for that. But you can and should go further. Please do.
good interview on this morning. The questions were direct and his answers were thoughtful and reasonable
Time to take a stand. I think we missed the needed extreme vetting of the current president of US.
Dont't embarrass Ohio and yourself. Country before party.
yes, Ohio is watching. You and your colleagues MUST stand up strong NOW!
insightful commentary today. Most of us just want sane, logical laws that don't undermine the entire nation.
stay strong against the ban. We are counting on you!
Pls keep standing up for legitimate visa holders/refugees and U.S. values- so many lives depend on u!
- Portman, you need to grow a pair of balls & do the right thing.  If not, you are a traitor.
Hope you will condemn this unconstitutional and unamerican #Muslimban and oppose Bannon's Nat Sec appt!!
nope
You dodged every question!!! Refused to say that the Muslim ban was wrong, shame on you!
thank you Sen. for your rational calm approach to national security.
We should all take a deep breath? Like before the illegitimate president issue more executive orders?
Good interview. You and every member of #Congress needs to do the right thing and stop the madness.
Sen Portman: This is your chance to be a true leader. Be the voice of reason-you will be seen as a hero!
it's clearly against our values and you should say so explicitly.
Senator, now is not the time to "take a deep breath", now is the time to work to reverse injustice
Condemn the #MuslimBan and get on a plane to apologize to the Cleveland Clinic doctor your president just deported.
Dr. Suha Abushamma already forced to give up her visa and leave. She has to wait 90 days to reapply.
Trump needs to slow down & grow up. Why aren't other Rep calling him out? He's been a disaster.
Thank you for suggesting congress work together on fixing this #MuslimBan!
Thank you for being 1 of the few Rep willing to say this was handled wrong. It was rushed & done horribly.
Stand up for what is right and not for your spineless GOP traitors!
of COURSE you are a DISAPPOINTMENT . Sad you represent my state OHIO
This is a great opportunity for you to denounce the refugee ban. We'll be watching!
THAN YOU for speaking out with honesty. Stand up for the principals of our country. Demand sanctions remain on Russia.
you are dodging questions and saying nothing. Very disappointing @jaketapper @CNNSotu
aww, cute that you're kinda gleeful about it 
.@senrobportman @jaketapper @CNNSotu you're blowing your opportunity to take a real stand for your constituents
are you one of Trumps "Soldiers" ?
Time to take a stand-no mealy-mouth double-speak. Ban is arbitrary and dangerous. Wall is waste of $!
Observe how @senrobportman ignores reality — pretending that America is not undergoing a Constitutional crisis 
BUILD THE WALL DEPORT THEM ALL. TAAKE THERE FREE STUFF THAT WE THE People PAY FOR.
#noban No ban! America is better than this.
where the fuck were you the rest of the weekend?
See if you can emerge from the encounter with a shred of the integrity the rest of your party lacks.
stand up and denounce the ban and the treatment of those arriving at our airports!
Be a man and stand up and denounce trump. Don't roll over for your party.
nvm you rolled over for your party it sounds like.
ban the ban!
