Try opposing the hacks who deny climate change...oh wait, you vote them into office because they give you money.
please keep protecting our water. Why did you vote for Pruitt? Don't understand
Then how could you have voted for Pruitt for the EPA? That does not make any kind of sense. #EPA #pruitt
everyone is tired of hearing you go on about the least consequential agenda items. Where are you on #Trumpcare #trumprussia?
and then you voted to confirm Scott Pruitt as EPA director. Take that Great Lakes.
@erind8n @senrobportman  Portman thinks people will forget in 5 1/2 years. He's just as corrupt as other Rep Senators
We shall never forget!!!!!!!!!!!
gold star! We'll see what kind of algae blooms we get this year. Ohio wants more fertilizer run-off regulations NOW!!!
then why vote yes on #pollutingPruitt?  Won't his policies negate all of your good work on the Lakes?
I believe you are trying to do some good work, but nothing good can become of current admin. Stand up. Be our hero.
Pruitt.
going forward? You'll stand up to evil Russian puppet and denounce budget cuts? Cut the  Portman! how about a #townhall ?
He's a pussy and only let's republicans in, tho...

and @realDonaldTrump and the rest of your @GOP will destroy it in one session of congress #sad #maganot tell trump to #resign
This all sounds great. Are you going to prevent the Trump Administration from eliminating the Federal EPA?
and it is all about to be erased b/c you voted for Pruitt! One vote negated six years!
#impeach45
#SAVEtheEPA #WATERISLIFE.  Election Day will come & where do wish to be?
without the EPA you will have to work harder.  @OHDems @OHRepublican Ohioans like the Lakes to be clean.
Thank you Senator. Also: please work on saving our healthcare- Ohioians lives are in the balance.
Thanks,  now speak out against rolling back epa regulations.
And threw it away with your vote for Pruitt and your leader, #DontheCon. gop before state and citizens.  Bye, Great Lakes
you knew Scott Pruitt was going to gut the EPA. #hypocrite  Enjoy your last term.
EPA EPA EPA EPA EPA EPA EPA EPA EPA .........
You sold your credibility when you voted for Pruitt.
well...sort of.   The Obama admin worked hard.  You showed up at the already set table.  Now you will have to work.
here is a solid edit to your wiki page.
I won't be able to enjoy the GL if I'm sick or DEAD bc of "repeal n replace." #NICEWORKSENPORTMAN
PRUITT is SATAN

Too bad your compatriots @realDonaldTrump and @ScottPruittOK are trying to stop Great Lakes protections
Why won't you stand up for the Ohio River? Coal Ash. Pruitt.
Good record, but Pruitt is a disaster for Great Lakes. Why the yes vote?
And then you voted for @EPAScottPruitt You've only got yourself to blame - and #WeBlameYou #Hypocrite #cleanwaterrule
then why would you approve Pruitt for the EPA? Your one vote could easily erase 6 years on hard work.
looks like you destroyed it all with 1 EPA pick. #PortmanRegrets
Good Rob. There are also numerous labor issues concerning water shipping. Can you get there? Also, the lakes are Heritage.
pruitt shouldn't have been approved for the EPA. You didn't do your job!
Please - How stupid do you think we... Oh never mind...
You voted for Pruitt and removal of water protections.
well what you've worked on is about to be trashed by the guy you confirmed. How's that make you feel? #youdontlisten #sad
your vote speaks for its self. Looks like your constituents are watching!
If you support clean water in Ohio, why did you vote yes on Pruitt?? We don't believe you want what's best for Ohio.
Seems like Pruitt's promises during his confirmation hearings were lies. Too bad YOU confirmed him. #GreatLakes #cleanwater
you can build a thousand bridges...
#RubberstampRob
Do not let the Great Lakes fail.  They are our lifeline, industry, travel.
and yet in one vote for Pruitt, you negated all of that work.
Aaaaaannd we're done. The budget cuts won't keep that going. Do your job. Stand up for our Lake.
you've been working hard but you threw that away when you voted to confirm Pruitt for EPA. All for naught.
Thanks Senator, you seem to be an advocate for the Great Lakes. So why on God's green earth did you vote for Pruitt for EPA?
We essentially begged you to stand up for the environment and block him and the other fools in the cabinet. You work for us.
"Access Denied"?  Was that on purpose as a joke? I mean, I get it, but not as good as your Pruitt confirmation joke vote.
U might want to stock up who knows what 4 yrs of this administration will do to our water thanks 2 yr vote we all must suffer
All that work is for not because of 1 vote for Pruitt.It is shameful. Admit you are part of the problem, renounce the vote.
You voted for Pruitt
But 97% reduction in the new budget is what, a typo? Stop tweeting about it and vote your conscience.
and for the last 3 months you've been happy to work with a madman who is trying to destroy America and the world. Complicit
I asked u not to vote for Pruitt, DeVos, Mulvaney, Price, Sessions, Tillerson. Nevertheless u persisted. What did u expect?
That protection is critical. Now we'll need for you keep Pruitt from negating all you've tried to do.
Your literature says the Obama administration attempted to cut funding by $50 M, Trump now is cutting $290 M but not mentiond
Now you'll have to work even harder to make sure the administration and the EPA don't dismantle all that's been achieved.
Your vote for Pruitt suggests you don’t care as much as you say you do.
A vote for Pruitt negates any work you've done for the environment. You knew his track record. You aren't fooling Ohio.
Good work, keep it up!  And oppose the decimation of our EPA.
Trump is a liar on Healthcare he's screwing the middle class
Then tell us why u supported PruittBy supporting those who are in direct opposition to the jobs nominated for you caused this
.@senrobportman Guess you should have stood up against Pruitt nomination. Why didn't you?
love when environmentalists trash the environment during their protests. #pipeline #golfcourse #GoGreenExceptWhenWeProtest
And you were willing to throw it all away by supporting Pruitt.
Trump delayed indefinitely plan 4strengthening defenses 2 prevent Asian carp frm reaching Great Lakes https://apnews.com/17ea220cda6446699af6820cdeb2b0c9/Agency-delays-plan-for-keeping-Asian-carp-from-Great-Lakes?utm_campaign=SocialFlow&utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=APCentralRegion … @senrobportman
None of that matters if the GOP EPA stops all work.   You own that.
how have you stood up to  Administration ruination of our environment? Now's the time to fight. #CountryOverParty
some reading material:  https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2017/03/trumps-war-on-the-climate-begins/519159/ …
Yeah sure cool but then you voted for this guy ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Your support of the Republican administration has voided that work.
Right, but you voted for the guy who wants to destroy them. Sounds like you failed to protect them in a pretty big way.
@OHDems
Don't let Trump blackmail you into supporting Trumpcare in exchange for Great Lakes funding. We are watching.
.@senrobportman So what, then, will you be doing about Trump's EPA that is reducing funds for the Great Lakes?
if you voted for Pruitt . . .
Protect us! Independent investigation on 45/Russian ties! Do your job! Demand it! We the people insist!
Ummm...you voted for Pruitt! Hello? Anyone in that brain? He's going to cut 300 million from the Great Lakes Program!
Your words are empty.  I grew up on Lake Erie.  My home and my heart.  2066 days. #selloutsenator
Didn't take Trump long to f@$k that up did it?
Maybe devote more time to GOP's attempts to stop "other people's babies" from ruining the "homogenous" nation you all want.
Can you please explain your position on the massive cuts that the GLRI Program (EPA) endured from the Trump Administration?
a 97% budget cut effectively just eliminates the program itself.
All of the good things you have done were erased when you confirmed Betsy Devos. #NeverForget
Planet wide Enviro concerns we only have one
Thank You for your work. Much more to do. I just hope there's something left of our coffers after DJT is done raiding it.
all meaningless after trump has his way with the EPA.
let's see what you can do with just $10 mil.  At least we will have jobs catching Asian carp
BUT YOU VOTED FOR PRUITT! It negates all this hard work. We dont need reminder tweets, we need u to #hearus. #REALTownHallNOW
Yes, ladies and gentlemen. Bobby has been busy bucket by bucket. His personal bucket has filtered millions of dolla oh gallon
Nice job getting on your knees for Trump's cabinet picks, tho. Much appreciated. #sarcasm
