Have a townhall open to ALL of your constituents
You really thought it was a good idea to tweet that? 
This is not a townhall, this is a mandatory meeting no employee wants to attend...shame on you
Clearly you have no interest in representing most of the population of your home state.
I guess if I want to attend a Town Hall I need to get a job at JP Morgan. Pretty clear who butters your bread, eh @senrobportman ?
When are you going to have an authentic town hall meeting that is open to the public? Calling this a town hall meeting fools no one.
This is some #1984 imagery. Extra creepy. Why are you on a big screen? Are you that scared crowds?
It's not "townhall mtg" when addressing employees @ work. Open to public for all citizens to attend, THAT's a townhall mtg. Do what's right
There are more people in Oh than just jp morgan folks-this was NOT a townhall mtg...we are not stupid sir-please don't treat us as such!
Feckless dim bulb Portman says private function at JP Morgan is a town hall.
"Feckless dim bulb."  Indeed.
Again, for those of us who couldn't be there, could you share one or two of the impt topics you mention? Thank you, sir. @toledonews
But handpicked, well behaved bankers? We see you and you're disgusting! 
It's not a town hall if you don't invite the town.
In what way is this a town hall.  This is a lecture to a captive audience of @jpmorgan employees.
Host a town hall. Period. End of story.  #TownHall #OH14
Oh. You mean a tele-town hall. And a specific group. We see what you're doing. Only want to visit w certain people, & from a distance.
Really?  If you talk to only the chosen few you are not representing me. Boo
It's  not  a  town  hall  if  the  town  is  not  invited.
Waiting months for a TH is ridiculous. MoC should be required by law to attend one every quarter (if reasonable # of signatures request one)
I don't think "town hall" means what you think it means Rob. Try again.
Oh, Rob. Is that really the optics you want? We see it for exactly what it is.
So you returned from China & hosted a private mtg w JP Morgan employees & are trying to pass that off as a town hall. Have I got this right?
By "townhall" you mean "private appearance for company that bought you"; this sham insults Ohio voters, YOU NEED TO HOLD REAL TOWNHALLS!
Wow, this is embarrassing. I mean, just how scared are u???
So most of us are not permitted meeting hall, face to face access to our Senator. Hard to gain my respect if you don't respect me.
Talking to employees of 1 company is not a town hall, it is sucking up to a Large Donor with face time normal #Ohioans could never dream of
You held a town hall mtg.? Where? When?
Rob, Rob, Rob. Get out your dictionary. Look up "Town Hall."
How big was the donation this time?  #Corporatocracy #resist
If you are meeting with a select group, it's quite a stretch to call it a town hall meeting.
Get out of your bubble, Rob. Corporate sponsor = captive audience. Looks like Trumps visit to CIA. Didn't help him. Won't help you either.
This is a corporate meeting, Rob, not a town hall. You're only fooling yourself. This is your last term.
what in bell is this, a video conference. Looks like a Gutless move to avoid live Town hall.
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL.
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL.
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL.
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL.
IT IS NOT A TOWN HALL.
#REALTOWNHALLNOW
Hmmmm....where are the townspeople??
Pretty weak.
Meeting with just employees of a company is not a town hall mtg. What about the rest of Ohio's citizens?
Guess your constituents now know who owns your ass.
Portman is another Crook
.@OHDems   @OhioDistrict7  would like the opportunity to host a town hall with you. We aren't JP Morgan though. Just constituents.
Do you understand what a town hall is?  Who exactly do you think you're fooling?
Interesting how you will easily make room in your supposedly tight schedule for JP Morgan, but not meeting your actual constituents. Hmm. 
Corporate town halls! How very Trumpian of you
Jesus @senrobportman is this the townhall that ur constituents have been demanding? Wall St employees? Ur2 out of touch! U will b replaced!
coward.
Not a town hall!
What were the impt topics?
U UR constituents pay UR salary & put U in UR GOP seat,& U can't even have them present?U hypocrite piece of 
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL. THIS IS NOT WHAT A TOWN HALL LOOKS LIKE.
So, where's the "town" in this hall, eh?  Oh, I forgot, townhall meetings don't include "town", just invited guests. You Rs, so funny.
Thats not what town hall means.....
Huh?
You spelled "paid corporate appearance" wrong.
Seems like the only voters you care about are the ones that line your coffers. Not a town hall meeting.
So did you meet with any Democrats? #45044
It isn't a town hall if you are at a company with only their employees. #goodjobrob #quityourjobrob #wearesickofyou
This is not a TownHall if you only meet with a group of people who work at a bank. Do I need to get you a dictionary so you can understand?
Your constituents are not buying that this is a town hall. We're calling. We're writing. We're waiting. We're not forgetting.
@senrobportman lives in a town where everyone works at @jpmorgan, combining town hall with fundraising and group think. Bravo brave senator!
That's...not a townhall. If you'd respond to my requests, I could explain it to you.
Ugh. You. Are. The. Worst.
Wish you would value all of your citizens in the same way you value corporations.
you and @jpmorgan who gets BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS of TAX BREAKS? YOU'RE A  F*CKING JOKE!
#Ohio impt topic #1: Moderates see through you now. Impt topic #2: You are a milquetoast Trump lackey now and have lost all credibility.
A #townhallmeeting is public. It is publicised. It is an opportunity for voters to ask real questions. This was more like GOP #FanService
That's not a town hall, bro.
THAT IS NOT A TOWN HALL. Pathetic.
You are selling out your constituents and sentencing them to a life of debt with your support for loan sharks
Was the public invited? If not that was not a real #TownHall
It's not a town hall when go and talk to the employees of a company.
Fun political debate. What's the line between looking like you're beholden to corporate interests, vs supporting a major in-state employer.
having open forums for all people not working for that corp before & after? not claiming it as a town hall when not open to public?
A town hall is an open forum. You spoke to a selected group.
When are going to have a Town Hall for the Voters of Ohio in Akron? Or are you afraid of the back lash?
It's not a townhall if your constituents aren't invited! We aren't the idiots you seem to think we are.
How tall are you now? Looks like at least 15 feet, maybe more. Also hold a real town hall.
