You have to be joking. He sides with Putin over our intel agencies. Trump is a TRAITOR
Thousands of Ohioans could lose their jobs if your healthcare bill passes. We're not distracted.
You need to wake up.trump and putin are pals.Mark your calendar: Ameri values are being replaced by Russian greed and trump making it happen
And where else? Seems like he left someplace out.
You're just a spineless party line voter who does what you're told or whoever pays you the most money! Your support of #45 is disgusting!
Oh for pity's sake... Trump didn't even use the word "Democracy."
May I ask why you kiss up to 45? He denies Russian interference/aggression in OUR country. What must they have on you that keeps you quiet?
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.515
Is it as important as him agreeing to a joint cybersecurity effort on future elections? WTF is wrong with you? Take off the blinders, man.
And the fact that the @Secy_State_US is allowing 150 #Russians in on visas, what does that say? We're being played.
Warsaw speech one thing - rolling over like a lap dog to Putin's denial Russia didn't interfere another.Too star struck at meeting his hero
God knows what Trump said to the Russians, Sen. Portman. You OK with that? Apparently?
Would have been equally important to condemn their meddling in our elections and hacking our infrastructure. He chose not to.
Jesus, I'm pretty sure they got to second base in that one-on-one meeting.
do you using endorse unelected family members to represent the USA at the G20?
lesson learned
we don't really know if that's true or not
Also important? That @POTUS surrendered to Russia by accepting Russian denial of attack on US over US intelligence to the contrary. #traitor
The refugee ban is spiteful.
Too bad he blew it at the press conference  - instead of taking about what he will do complains about what Obama didn't do...childish
Is it really that important? Your constituents want to hear your stance on all aspects of the healthcare plan, not this.
@realDonaldTrump acts like a Putin puppet. Do your job and make certain no country gets away with interfering in our democratic process.
This tweet is just another confirmation of where your true loyalties lay and it isn't with this country.
Did you seriously have to announce that? Was it so shocking to you that he actually called Russia out that it bears tweeting?+
Shocking would've been him actually acknowledging Russia got him elected and calling Putin out for interference
But he did not and will not call out Russian interference in our Presidential election. Are you OK with that?
Trump's pro-Russia stance is dangerous and undermines our country, as well as his own presidency. Step up Portman!
Graham: Trump's cyber partnership with Russia is one of the dumbest things I've ever heard http://hill.cm/VlVeFN9  
Called it out in Warsaw then in Russia folded like a house of cards.   You didn't interfere?  "Oh, well, okay! Still love ya Vlad, mean it!"
No he didn't.
45 is at best, inept; at worst, a traitor.  And that's ok with you?
Except he probably didn't.
So where was his security advisor McMaster ?
He buckled, he caved to Putin. American democracy is not safe and you Republicans don't care. As long as you get your money. SHAME
But was it a wink, wink situation? What is he saying behind closed doors, why was no one allowed in? Is he still trying to lift sanctions?
Keep your eye on the ball, dude. It's HEALTH care your idiot boss is going to ruin for all of us. Not real Christian or human.
Oh god he totally sucked up to mass murderer Putin when he met him. You weren't listening.
So?  The proof is not in rhetoric but in action.  What are you doing to secure elections?  Tell us.
REALLY?  We don't know what is said behind the closed door meeting. doubt if 45 has the balls to confront Putin. He does it behind a tweet
You do realize there is a team of lawyers building a case that says the opposite, right? Wake up. Do the right thing.
But what about Russian interference in the USA?  How long will you look away from his protective attitude toward Russia and Putin?
Joke
He told the world how our intelligence is untrustworthy and the media is corrupt. He is a disgrace and clearly hates democracy.
And then there's how he told Vlad "Hey, we're good. I know you didn't interfere in our democracy." #asshatinchief
Are you sundowning too? Hope you vote NO on #Trumpcare. Not sure it would cover pre-existing dementia.
Great. Go repeal Obamacare.
Were you watching the same news as the rest of the world?  When he laughed at reporters, along with patriots?
Senator, was there anyone from our free press present, or are we to take POTUS word that he did?
Do you need special gloves for grasping at straws?
No.Not really. He probably ran it past them first. #resist #impeach
SHAME ON YOU. YOU WORK FOR US. THEY ASKED YOU TO ANSWER QUESTIONS. https://www.facebook.com/544305536/videos/10158930396840537 …
What called out? @POTUS talked about Russian destabilizing activities in Ukraine not Russians killing Ukrainians.
Hahaha.Sad Senator Sad
And the aggression toward US along w money laundering and cyber crimes with trump and his associates and family.
Huh? More like it's important for you to call out his "disinformation"
Lol, good one!
Are you serious, Mr. Portman? Trump just opened the US to Russian intel. DO YOUR JOB!!!
There's no more need for academic or policy analysis. If WH is *allowed* to invite RUS into US cyber-security infrastructure it's game over.
It would have been better if he called it out during his meeting with Putin.
Too bad he could not do it to Putin's face...what a coward
Watch video when he shook his hand he rubbed his elbow and rubbed his back.They are so deep in this together it's sickening-and you support?
That's what you got out of today?!
@senrobportman even more important that you do your job and repeal and replace Obamacare #VoteThemOut
Yet disregards, no discredits, 17 US National Intelligence agency reports of Russian interference and says to Putin I believe you. #cmon
Not so important given today's news @senrobportman, @POTUS shamefully and foolishly capitulated to Putin in closed door session.
Less important than the need for YOU to call out HIS disinformation and aggression here at home.
Rob, just stop.  Please I'm begging you.  Put the phone down.
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/07/trump-putin-shake-hands-g-20-240290 …
You are part of gridlock, Obama tried to have your cooperation re: Russian meddling on U.S.. You & all of Publicans rejected, hypocrites 
Lavrov immediately said after that 'Trump accepted Putin's assurances that the Kremlin had not sought to interfere in the 2016 elections."
Are you kidding? That's enough for you? Meanwhile, his whole admin is under investigation for treason & he constantly praises Putin. Sick.
Anything about meddling in our affairs?
Boy O Boy does your party not want to confront this issue in any meaningful way.
lol - ARE YOU SERIOUS?  He immediately backed off, and you know it.  Then, he had SECRET MEETING with Putin.  You guys are a joke.
No it's not. Because nothing he says matters. Because he's stupid and crazy so no one cares what he says. And that needs fixed. #ITMFA
But not to Putin face-to-face. Shouldn't that have happened? Or are you giving #Trump a pass for patting #Putin on the back in person?
Why do you even tweet? You're an embarrassment to Ohio - and yourself.
Also important that he made no mention of Russia interfering in our election process.
Did you see the handshake and pat on the back? Trump was honored to meet Putin.
But he didn't... 
He did not call it out. You may be a fool to accept it as such, but I don't. #shame on your blindness & acceptance of foreign interference
You have an interesting perspective that confirms you are wearing some pretty large blinders.
Important that you call out 45*'s disinformation and aggression against democracy & the press.
#REALTownHallNOW
#stopignoringus
#scheduleit
That was for public consumption Privately what is Trump & Tillerson communicating to Putin Putin will chew Trump up & spit him out
As Trump is still in his performance review meeting with Putin.  Will he get a raise?!
Guess your a nationalist too Trump let daddy Putin get a way with interference in our election and your just fine with it
And then warmly greeted Putin like an old friend. That'll teach 'em!
but he won't take putin to task over the assualt on USA election.

SAD.......
Right now it's important that you save #Medicaid
Trump dissembled in speech and did NOT definitively blame Russia. @gop is obstructing our right to know. Your worst fear is informed public.
But why did he just embarrass our IC by not stating that Russia interfered with our elections?  Do you agree that it was NOT Russia? Wake up
DJT is disloyal to America and our constitution. Putin is our enemy . DJT treats him like a frat brother
At least he didn't give him any of our uranium
@CNN @CBSNews @ABC GOP is ignoring the abrasive anti-American behavior of our President.Congress needs to take action to censor him. #angryR
Just hope he did the same in his one on one
Your comments here speak volumes. Thought maybe shred of  hope 4 u. You are straight party line, IMO - not your own man. Sad.
Senator close your twitter down, you're about as delusional and foolish as he is. You're giddy over that speech, come' on man!
MORE important that he continues to refuse to acknowledge and respond to Russian attacks on our electoral process.
Who would know what was really said between them. More secret meetings, more lies forthcoming I'm sure
You mean when he dismissed their involvement in our Election and tried to suggest it might have been other countries? That 'call-out' ?
Good God, man. DJT regularly tweets out conspiracy theories & lies while attacking truth as "fake news." He's a loser & a joke.
But then he immediately undercut it during the press conference. Putin got what he wanted and @realDonaldTrump isn't punishing him.
Any thoughts on the press conference?
He didn't
Uh wow, ok but you're missing a lot he didn't say or do.
Did he say anything about it here in America?  Wake Up Rob
A Timeline: Russia and President Trump http://bit.ly/2tznqmC   via @BillMoyersHQ
So I guess as long as Trump signs the GOP healthcare revocation bill you are willing to let Russia continue to mess with our elections.
Call Trump out on election meddling
@realDonaldTrump It was more important that @POTUS call out Russian interference in our presidential election. He failed that test...bigly?
Read the AP- he did in fact discuss the Russian interference with Putin- looks as if uou fsiled bigly

If you really believe that,you are either insane or lying.I'll go with lying. #resign #coward
Not important enough. He trashed our free press and refused to acknowledge known Russian interference in our election.
I can only assume you make these absurd statements under duress - blink three times if you need help, Rob.
You make a fool of yourself every time you say nonsense like this.
REALLY??? GIVE ME A BREAK.
How about interference in our election?
Sad that you don't call him out for failing to mention Russian interference in our democracy. #sycophant
Did he to Putins face?
Do you mean Russian intervention of US voting, Invasion of Ukraine and  genocide in Syria? Your tweet is showing your hand. #goptraitor
Thanks  Captain Obvious
We need this Russian interference to be taken seriously and if 45 won't do it, Congress needs to be yelling at the top of its lungs about it
You really think so?
Vichy Nazi loving GOP. Get Gorka out.
But nothing about Russian Act of War against U.S. Democracy....? #PortmanRussia

Capitol Police are arresting about 8 people outside Rubio's DC office. They keep chanting "Vote no Rubio" 
You are insane if you think what happened today was @POTUS being tough on Russia. You are a disgrace to America same as Trump
@senrobportman @gopsenate
Protesters now outside of Republican Sen. Cory Gardner's Senate office. Chanting "shame on you." 

But not their involvement in the US?
@realDonaldTrump #25thamendmentnow
The KKK ARE TERRORISTS. PUT THEM ON THE LIST, @robportman , traitor to the people
are you EFFING blind and deaf? @realDonaldTrump humiliated the USA, again!
Are we in the same reality?
More likes
everyone sees through this but you fluffball
Your Party is already working with Putin to steal another election from the American electorate. You guys steal.
#GOP
GET THAT FRIGGIN' NAZI OUT OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT. YOU ARE VICHY TRAITORS, @gop @vp @potus
Oh Please 
REFUGEES ARE VICTIMS. REFUGEES ARE IMMIGRANTS. WE ARE A NATION OF IMMIGRANTS. #STOPTHEBAN #TRAVELBAN
