B/c of unique to US draconian citizen tax'n & #FATCA Americans can't compete in global economy.  Y is this NEVER in dialogue? #TaxReform
The U.S. has both.
.@RonWyden @senrobportman @MarkWarner @MarkWarner @SenPatRoberts @SenatorEnzi @JohnCornyn @SenJohnThune @SenatorBurr @SenatorIsakson @SenToomey @SenatorTimScott @SenatorCarper @SenatorCardin @McCaskillOffice @SenatorMenendez @SenBobCasey @SenatorCantwell Read above! Expats suffer
Honor among #RichAmericans will keep money at home. Tax shelters encourage overseas accounts.Conservatives need to practice what they preach
They wrap themselves in Commandments and makes God Shudder!!
Garbage!
how? And how without busting the budget? How bout we just tax  overseas profits?
Don't reduce the tax rate on $ coming in from offshore accounts!

You didn't read what they're proposing did you? Cause none of that is in there, and it keeps money overseas....like, bruh cmon.
Okay
Little relief for middle class, huge break for wealthy. Do not benefit most of America
Gaaaazzzzillllionnnnssss!
NO TAX CUTS FOR ANY ONE!
NO DEFICITS!
NO PROGRAM CUTS FOR BOTTOM 85%!
Tax INCREASES FOR TOP 3%
Tax CUT OFF RAISED TO$750,000!
I can't wait to vote against you. 
And that money will go right into the pockets of the very wealthiest Americans like the Koch Bros, Mercers, Trump et al.
Is it hard to keep a straight face as you're trying to steal from poor ppl and get rid of the middle class?
More like bring back higher earnings for the very rich. Nothing for the middle class.
Whatever...hold a town hall and explain it to me in person. #43606
If you're going to do tax reform, please don't let it be a massive blatant giveaway to the wealthy.
Instead of giving yourselves big tax cuts, maybe you could take a look at this vital program for kids.
STOP LYING.
You do realize that the majority of Ohioans make between 50,000 and 100,000 and their taxes WILL GO UP, right. STOP PANDERING TO LOBBYISTS
Analysis: #Trump Tax Plan Would Cost Trillions, Boost Incomes For The Rich.
With our plan, we in Congress as well as the wealthy will get huge cuts. We will add trillions to the debt over 20 yrs. #TaxReform
Without defining "wealth" in dollar amounts any tax reform will be harmful to the middle class and working poor.
Funny, I think you should actually read the proposed tax plan - that's not how it reads. U should resign & let someone step in who does
The $ isnt "stuck" overseas. Greedy tax dodging million and billionaires hide it there. Real patriots aremt they? Wake up!
Making America Great by placing more of the tax burden on the middle class
Except every expert on taxes say you are wrong. But we'll believe you, Rob! You know most of us are not  the stupid sheep you think.
Again Rob, you’ve allowed this for years! NOW you want to do something? All of you @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP are cowards @RepSteveChabot
You are all crazy if you think this will create jobs. Trickle down economics is a lie created by rich, white men.
Remember when President Obama wanted to act on this and the GOP killed it?
Yup. Hypocrites. How does no repatriation tax benefit Americans? Seems like corps are doing just fine w/ it where it is overseas
Ever gonna pay back those social security IOU slips still waiting.
Please TELL US SPECIFICALLY .. How will this happen? SPECIFICALLY
U mean because of republican loopholes. #town hall #fakefoxnews
Yes. Everyone wants to pay fair taxes.  Noneis used corruptly. Businesses, stop sending money offshore right now to #maga. Maga. Hehe.
Stuck overseas??!! You mean HIDDEN OVERSEAS BY TAX CHEATS. I'm about to pop a blood vessel in my head over your disinformation & propaganda
They could bring that & back and hire at any time... But they don't want to pay their fair share even tho Corps sitting on most profits ever
Wondering how you will personally benefit from reducing taxes for the wealthy.
Sorry this is not good for Ohio
I will work my fingers and feet to the bone to get you unseated. Tax cuts for you donors and cronies! 
Outdated and legalized fraud and the wasted money in Washington.  We will never have change by bandages if we don't address the root cause.
Rob Portman pretty much lies to Americans every day. Every darn day. #TaxReform #GOPgreed
Not the "president's" #TaxReform.
Nobody trusts you, Rob. You ignore the issues we need to hear from you about & offer blind support to 45*.
Notice he did not say jobs!  Investments will be made in stock market and just make the tax cheats richer!
By tax breaks for rich,  no break for middle class and no money for infrastructure.  #ThisIsNotTaxReform
Passing tax reform may be difficult with that Senator in the hospital.
Nonsense!
You've been silent for months on healthcare & 45's racist comments but you're out front for tax cuts for wealthy. We hear you loud & clear.
"They’re doing little, possibly raising taxes on the middle class, & they’ve specified tax cuts for the wealthy”
Under the prposed tax legislation Donald Trump will receive a tax cut equivalent to the full-time wages of 16,500 hard-working Americans.
This 'logic' is dead wrong.
Are the Trumps going to bring back their companies that make products overseas?  Please ask him the next time you see him please.
isn't it true that companies won't pay taxes on income from overseas? How is that good for America?
Because of our outdated Republican Party, trillions of dollars are kept in corporate holdings while politicians like Rob Portman do nothing.
Polly want a cracker...
How about leading a local drive vir #PuertoRicoRelief instead?
That money is there because of no tax, reform don't bring it back. Penalizing the companies is the only way to get it back. #NoTaxReform
Rich get richer.
Thank you, Senator...
The mandate that it come back Rob. This is not hard. Corporations are making historic revenue and profit. Their gaming you. Wake up.
It always starts at the top , right ,Rob? Suppose Dotard moved his businesses back to the USA? Maybe he could hire locally too.
This tax reform will benefit the wealthy like Trump and his peers and hurt the middle class. Work bi partisan for a change.
I don't see that happening you and rich your rich friends are too greedy.
Cut wasteful &unnecessary , duplicitous & outdated programs and bureaucracy
Across the board tax cuts are the only way to get economic growth!! 

Tax cuts = increase government revenue

GOP plan won’t
Explain how less money in (via tax cuts) = increase govt revenue???
"Trickle down" didn't work and never will work.. Now giving the tax breaks to the Middle and Lower class will, just like it did after WW2
More white men excluding POC and women in order to screw up the economy
Will that include *45 & @IvankaTrump ?
Please, I'm begging, please be telling the truth. All of the truth. God or bad. During this process. No spin. Just facts.
Absolute nonsense, how do you keep a straight face
I call BS. That money could have been brought back a long time ago. Corps are making huge profits and lots of bonuses. Tax cuts won't do it.
Um, @politifact just proved you wrong. I would suggest checking it out.
Sounds good...Now, pls. advise U.S. the strategy for #Accountability+#Transparency re: stated Objectives, Goals eg: Quarterly #Reporting?
Why invest in America, when foreign earnings will no longer be taxed?
Actually it is because of greed, but that would make your donors look bad.
It's risky, but a start.  Also pls remove cap on H-1B visas. Try tax break for initial investments in startups and small businesses. #domore

NOT what Trump unveiled this week -HORRIBLE! Tired of him and his administration lining their pockets with OUR treasury.  Don't appreciate!
Protect our pre-existing conditions. I'm going to keep tweeting at you until I'm positive the ACA is here to stay. #healthcare
Yes and I bet that is where they will stay regardless of what repubs do It is called GREED
So billionaires are illegally avoiding paying their fair share so you need to encourage them to stop breaking #taxEvasion laws.
Well, now we know your allegiance sides with whoever will give you money.
Have fun in the fourth circle, bub.
Your math is wrong AND you're solving the wrong equation Rob.
This is false.
tRump tax won't fix. Need: 1) Eliminate consolidated returns, 2) Must have US situs, 3) Gross income tax - only deduction FICA wages.
why aren’t they investing now?
Righty-O!
Does this mean all the rich folks with accounts in the Cayman's?
Did that once before and it didn't work. They don't feel they should have to pay ANY taxes.
Father we pray for a better Congress, one who is for the people and not for special interest. Make this country good again so we can b great
No one believes you or your president.
Talk to Trump. He and his daughter manufacture their goods overseas.
Cut the #foreignaid. NO #TaxReform for the wealthy.
Because of his greedy corruption - Tom Price stole $1 million of OUR money!!! Get him out! Lock him UP!!
If Price was a woman, he wldve been in prison yrs ago. Ask @MarthaStewart
STOP with your smoke and mirror tax reforms . yes it is good for the rich   NOT for the middle class
Do you have guarantees of repatriated funds or are you just relying on the assumption of good will on the part of corporations?
Investment? In other words, it'll line the pockets of those who are already wealthy, right Senator? That's not what your constituents need!
Will you admit that you've heard about Roy Moore?  I guess this is how low you will go for 1%er tax cuts.
I think there may be other reasons than outdated tax code for companies holding money overseas. Don't blame lack of investment on tax code.
Blame it on ,most probably on I’ll gottten gains, and corporate greed.
No.It will result in more breaks for rich and pocketing of savings.There is no evidence anywhere for what you are saying. Lying or ignorant?
Does that include the billions of dollars hidden in offshore accounts? Imagine if you could tax that.
it's now or never Senator Portman
A further transfer of wealth from the working class to the rich

Hey look, Portman's helping out his biggest donors with a tax cut! Source: http://www.opensecrets.org 
And all your BIG $$$$$ donors get a really big tax cut ...............
Would this make our President bring his businesses to America? His businesses could supply our country with #jobs, correct?
so you're trying to sell this bullshit too...trickle down economics...can't Repubs ever come up w anything new?  Really help middle class?
And will give big I mean big savings to the wealthy  stop lying to Americans we are not stupid we didn't fall for bad healthcare so wake up
Senator, stop insulting us by pretending that tax cuts for businesses and the wealthy = jobs. That's misleading and wrong.
And insulting, given your party's silence and sluggish response to the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico.
Yes, and giving tax holidays to big corporations has worked out so well for us before


Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
Cutting corporate taxes doesn’t create jobs here. Why do you just assume this will happened? So unrealistic.
No. It'll just make the #richricher. We aren't stupid. #middleclassriseup
The #TrumpTaxScam is bad for normal people and only good for the rich and corporations, and you know it. Don't #RobthePoor, Rob!
How is a tax cut for the wealthiest Americans going to accomplish this? Never mind, I know: It won’t and you don’t care.
Brownbacks Kanas is the latest experiment and it failed badly. Since states can’t run deficits big cuts across the board, paid for by poor.
& why doesn't #TrumpTaxScam look great for our most vulnerable families?
A few thoughts on this. I’m not seeing *anything* that benefits the lowest-income 35% of TPs, while the top 1% gets trillions of tax cuts. https://twitter.com/Goldfarb/status/913045734366248960 …

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
