The only way for Ohioans to speak with you is to have coffee with you in DC? Tour Ohio during your recess. Quit ignoring us.
Did you discuss his views on students with disabilities? Did he tell you how he ruled against their right to an education?
where was your sit down with meritt garland? #stolenseat
So you are against Ohio women and our access to healthcare? Gotcha
Did you discuss his views on protecting Constitutional rights? I have a feeling that's going to come up a lot
that's weird considering you're supposed to be voting on Garland.
I never forgive people who steal from me and lie to my face while they do it
we are finding that with you issues don't matter your constituents don't matter! It's all about party lines republican
an exercise in futility if you are always going to vote the way your party wants you to.
PLEASE hold a local townhall to listen and converse with your constituents! We NEED you!
Congress: If you refuse to meet in person with your constituents, you are failing to do your job. There's a name for this: COWARDICE.
Should be Merrick Garland.
Party before constitution- you make me ashamed of our govt. History will condemn this stolen seat. #corruptGOP #votesforsale
Why didn't you sit down with Garland you hypocrite? Reps said wait for election. More people voted Democrat. #StolenSeat
Here your state of Michigan. "Democrats received more votes or nearly split the tally in the State House races..."
Agreed 18 is low. But state legislatures, as articles I shared show, are gerrymandered to not distribute votes equally.
It is because they are drawn by winners after the census in such a way to ensure more representatives of winning party.
Both sides do it. Republicans have been better at it. That is why a 50-50 state like Ohio has 75% GOP representatives.
Merrick Garland: well respected judge nominated by legitimately elected President who won popular vote. #GOP stole his seat.
History and the Biden rule are in play.
history? They stole a seat from President Obama. When has this happened before?.
did he get a hearing? Because if the answer is yes- then it's not the same.
and HE dropped out. Garland never dropped out- no hearing. bush fill the seat?
Did you ask him if he would overturn the Citizens United decision?
I would like to sit down with you on Wednesday in Fremont but I'm not willing to pay for the privilege. Can't compete w/DeVos
your constituents are asking to chat with you on important issues too!
any issues important to women's rights? #ivote
Investigate why we are paying to give preferential treatment to members of Mar-a-Lago. Lining Trump pockets with money.
sitting down, doing Nothing and photo ops is what you do
So you don't support the Constitution?  You should be talking to  Merrick Garland.
I know that. However you know as well as I do that Mitch McConnell refused to even acknowledge the pick. Wrong
Of course Garland is the best choice by far.
But still a better choice.

Important issues?  Like women's rights? Protecting our water? Yeah, right.
Did you sit down with Merrick Garland?
But you couldn't speak to that other nominee...
the issues you care about? what about women issues? you don't know what we need or want!
did you talk about taking away women's personal freedoms and how fun that will be? NOT
I sure wish you had been willing to sit down and discuss important issues with #merrickgarland.
wil he protect our access to safe abortion? Will you?
Is his arm ok?  DJT almost jerked it off!
By the way when will you sit down with the people you represent?
Did you mention moving Waterville compressor station to a less populated area
Did you ever sit down with Merrick Garland?
wish you'd give constituents a chance to meet with you!
disgusted that you wouldn't sit down with Garland.
we'd appreciate the chance to sit down with yoy
will he repeal Citizens United?
I'm going to bug you until you MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS next week in OHIO- where your constituents live. Thank you.
Too bad you couldn't do this with Obama's nominee but perhaps bipartisanship is only palatable when it's to your advantage?
Why didn't you talk with Garland.  Oh yeah. You just support 45 not Ohio
So... Who has the bigger yacht? @senrobportman
Did you discuss why your party stole a Supreme Court seat?
when did you sit down with Merick Garland?
oh man. Wouldn't it be nice if you could discuss those issues with your constituents?
still waiting for you to talk important issues with your constituents in Ohio. We want a town hall. Stop being a coward.
But you didnt respect Judge Garland enough to sit down & meet  with him I hope Democrats show this candidate the same respect
Why? You were voting for him anyway. Could've told you the US Constitution was fake news. Screw the ppl, GOP or die, right?
Did you ask him about his views on treason? Or incompetence in high office?

Gonna sit down and talk to your constituents?
Thank God that incompetent pinko liberal Garland never got a hearing. Your relentless refusal to #DoYourJob paid off!
When will you sit down with your constituents to discuss important issues with us? Schedule townhalls.
No reelection for you. Don't vote for him. He doesn't know the  difference between people and a Corp.
sadly voters just rewarded him for 6 yrs of obstructionism, with 6 more yrs to screw us over. #dontforget #2022
thats why he won't meet with us, he figures we'll forget in 6 yrs. Senator I guarantee we will not!
he's my senator. He needs to represent ALL of us in Ohio- not just radical GOP.
or you could sit down with your constituents to discuss important issues with them #PortmanTownHall
How about getting a chance to investigate 45s ties to Russia? We want answers!
Please support Judge Gorsuch for SCOTUS. @SenJohnMcCain @SenFlakeStaff @realDonaldTrump
No Town Hall? Are you that afraid of your constituents? That should tell you you are not doing your job. We know it!
Why even tweet - you only have trolls agitator disruptors replying
These are the voices of regular Americans. You need a wake up call.
I would appreciate a chance to sit down with u to discuss important issues.  U R too busy cashing checks or eating Skyline
Skyline? Portman is braver than me then.
that stuff is nasty!
Lie frm the White House http://hill.cm/c2Gg9aZ  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
If not you,Congressional Republicans, who checks him @senrobportman?
will you please sit down and discuss important issues with us, your constituents?
Did you ask him about Russian ties & treason in WH? Illegal conflicts of interest?
pretty awesome that you have time to sit down with everybody as long as they aren't from Ohio
Well said
Portman chairs the Sen Subcom on Permanent Investigations.  No hearings on Trump campaign collusion w/ Russia. #Russia
Like the corruption that is running wild in the @GOP...
photo op. your constituents would like a photo op with you too. or at least a chance to talk with you.
When can we expect a post and photo with Merrick Garland?
for real. Partisan.
Rob, when did you meet with Merrick Garland?
to bad you didn't sit with MERRICK Garland
Biden rule.
Q: Georgia, what blocked SCOTUS nominee does the nonexistent "Biden rule" refer to?
A: Nobody.
