Again you do realize your gay child would be at greater risk of no coverage under that bill right. I guess Koch money even Trumps him.
So work on the bipartisan effort to fix it.
Please stand against the Graham-Cassidy health bill.
Maybe when you understand the monopoly of healthcare in Ohio you will begin to understand. But your all talk.
Doesn't it bother you at all that so many low income people will lose under this plan?  Listen to their stories!
Because you, sir, helped block and allow things that would make those premiums rise. Single payer, please. Medicare for all.
You know what is even more expensive? No healthcare at all.
Would you support this awful healthcare bill if a vote was taken? You haven't had the guts to defy party, stand up for the American people
When will you support our @GovernorKasich and join with the AAP, AMA, and AHA and agree to work towards a #BIPARTISAN healthcare fix??
.@senrobportman doesn't care unless you're a wealthy donor or a corporation.
How does @SenRobPortman know that I won't be wealthy donor AND a corporation in the future? He should get on my good side now while he can.
how about the elderly and disabled that will be devastated by this bill.  Did u forget to mention them?  Party before people
Thank you
Baby Oliver is outside your office @senrobportman so his family can plead for you to #ProtectOurCare a#
Quit spreading lies, Mr Portman. Be on the right side of history
Then fix ACA, stabilize markets, work with Dems, hold a town hall! #Trumpcare NOT the answer @IndivisibleOH12
Did u mention that the Gov, AMA, insurance and hospital groups all oppose this, or did you just repeat the stories your donors gave you?
You don't expect Rob to have an opinion without getting paid, do you? Best senator money can buy.....
#GrahamCassidy Ohio loses - 2026: $2.5 billion 2027: $10.26 billion. How does gutting aid help improve costs?
https://americanbridgepac.org/app/uploads/OH-Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Impacts.pdf …
We STILL need a BIPARTISAN bill that provided real healthcare coverage for all Americans, preserves Medicaid, and protects the vulnerable.
Very glad to hear that there will be no vote. Too bad you were on the wrong side of history again!
Please do not vote for passage of Graham-Cassidy. Millions of people will be at risk. We are better than this. I urge you to vote no.
Please, Mr. Portman vote no again on Trump care. If passed will hurt thousand's of Ohio ones, so please vote no on Trump care.
Do NOT vote for that.  Don't do it.
Thank you for listening to your constituents on this issue.
Healthcare cost skyrockets when people don't have healthcare coverage...the research is clear on that point.
#DoNoHarm #DoNoHarm #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #KillTheBill #DoNoHarm #ProtectOurCare
How about the fact that premiums would be five to ten times higher for those over 50?
This bill was not throughly vetted and there was not enough time to do due diligence on this bill.... Bad for many states...#killedthebill
Please vote no.
My husband and I get the age tax you think we can pay $30,000 year for junk plan that covers nothing
What about those of us that pay $30 k a year now for a junk plan? Kill Obamacare
repeal Obamacare...period
Don't listen to the liberal whiners that didn't vote for you anyway. Repeal Obamacare now.
Discuss the poor and middle class Ohioans who will have weakened coverage and face lifetime caps and will be bankrupted or just wait to die.
Come up with a bipartisan solution. Untether employment and healthcare.  Self employed people need healthcare too.
What about the people that are benefiting from the ACA and are alive because they got the treatment they couldn't get pre-ACA?
Do you really want millions of people to lose insurance when it's working for them? How is that effective? How is it good for Ohio?
If something isn't working for a group of people, you work together with ALL your fellow senators to fix it, not take it away.
Taking insurance away from veterans, active military, drug addicts, and trafficking victims denies them access to services they need.
Stop this nonsense. Congress GOP has had 7 years to work with the rest of Congress to fix what doesn't work.
You all campaigned on "repeal & replace" but even that hasn't worked this year because the people don't want it.
Trying to ram a bill through before you need more votes to pass a bill is reckless and irresponsible. Fix the ACA & you'll have more support
You never speak to the bulk of Ohioans.  Only your Donors.  Vote NO on Graham Cassidy and NO on Arctic Drilling.
I am not seeing where the Graham Cassidy is going to be any cheaper.  We already know ACA needs revised.  Do we have anyother + solutions?
So you support Graham Cassidy Heller, then?  Be clear either way. If you do, know that we are voting you out of office.  Represent US.
We are watching. Vote No on #GrahamCassidy
But your already on record of VOTING NO ON REPEALING OBAMACARE so what difference does it make now! So you lied for 7 years!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
... actual effort to help Ohioans.
BTW, where is the section on your web page that asks about success stories of ObamaCare? I can't seem to locate it. Oh, that would show...
Skyrocketing because you and your GOP buddies have done NOTHING to stabilize the market. That takes, how you say it, 'legislation', eh?
Costs that will "skyrocket" higher after losing coverage completely? Shame on you. #noGrahamCassidy
News flash: single payer would have no out of pocket costs.
Happy to talk to you about how ACA has HELPED my son with kidney disease. Kept him from losing kidneys/going bankrupt at 21. : )
#Obamacare needs a bipartisan approach to a fix. Plz listen to @AmerMedicalAssn & DO NO HARM. Your vote affects ALL Americans not just Ohio
If you think #GrahamCassidy is the solution, you are even more depraved than we thought.
how about stories from constituents who would lose access to coverage due to having pre-existing conditions?
BREAKING: Avalere: Alaska, Ohio, and West Virginia still lose $$ -- even with the multiple Polar Payoffs. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
So fix costs but not take away healthcare #GrahamCassidyno
Vote NO to Graham Cassidy....we need your conscience not your loyality to party!
Shameful how long it’s taken to even mention the bill—how long will it take till you own up to how you’re voting? #NoGrahamCassidy
The most spineless man in the Senate.
Your "solutions" for improving Healthcare show you care about party and not people. Your party deserves you. We deserve better.
You are saved by the principaled Sen Collins fir not having to make the right choice. #spinelessrobportman #fecklessrobportman Stand up!
Fix cost issues instead of throwing everything out. You're heading toward another bad vote the people of Ohio don't want! @OhioDistrict12
And if we had single payer insurance that could be fixed but you don't care because tax payers are paying for your insurance.
After reading replies to this tweet not 1 supports your position. Are you going to continue to ignore your constituents in favor of party?
Did you hear stories from those that have been helped and cant imagine after having healthcare having it essentially  taken away?
We've not heard if you'll be voting for or against #GrahamCasiddy #leadership #thisisnotus
Vote No. If you truly care for the welfare of all Ohioans, you will vote no
So your plan is to make it skyrocket more? Because that’s what this bill does.
#GrahamCassidy won't help any Ohio residents. Except maybe the rich ones who get tax breaks.
When will Portman take a stand? Vote no!
How would you vote on Graham-Cassidy? Your constituents have a right to know!
Trust and believe I'll b letting Murkowski know that the stories u shared were selective
I swear 2 God u are a liar I called u and if u did not share my story begging u not 2 repeal u only shared the ones u wanted 2
U r taking away r services. Signed, a former victim of trafficking that u claim u care about
Then find a bipartisan way to fix it, to large of a portion of the economy & to important to be pushed thru with one party vote
Bipartisan is the BEST WAY
Vote NO!!  Ohio needs you to stand up against this legislation.  Vote NO!
You seem to value
 
Money over our children
Power over our elderly
Party over our sick and disabled.

Redeem yourself Vote no #GrahamCassidy
And yes, I would rather be making full salary in old job than getting 1/3 that on SSD and on old employer ins. It's no picnic Senator.
You're right. SSD is an entitlement...I worked 30 yrs and paid for that insurance. I am entitled to use it now. #SaveACA #SaveMedicare
How about testimony from every major medical organization.
How about by millions that lose care entirely under your bill. You suck. Don't act like you care at all about opioid care you fraud.
Vote No. Small biz is drowning in cost of pvt insurance. The answer is fix ACA w/ a public option. Its the most cost effective program.
So, why aren't you trying to fix the ACA, instead of throwing millions off healthcare for a plan most Americans don't like?
We want leadership in Ohio.  I think I will stand with the AMA, AARP, Toby Cosgrove, our Republican Governor......LEADERSHIP, not cowering.
#GrahamCasiddy really sucks. You can kiss your seat goodbye if you vote for this crap. 
ACA didn't raise cost of benefits, insurance companies did. Don't punish Ohio by voting to give up $billions. It would be irresponsible.
The cost of benefits was skyrocketing BEFORE ACA. They're not going to go down. You need to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy, and work to fix ACA.
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy.  And stick up for your fellow countrymen against this hateful, reckless POTUS. R U 4 Party or Country? #ohio
You're a "block grant" robot repeating the proven falsehood that will lower premiums and expand choice. Bull pucky. #kochbromoneywhore
I'll be sure to have my cremated remains mailed to you after you kill me.
You just said nothing.
Senator---millions fewer insured. Every group against it. Pre existing hung out to dry. 20% approval. This is a no vote
Please vote NO. You heard the horror stories. People's lives are at stake. Thank uou.
The insurance industry's net income is **up** nearly 50% over last year. Those skyrocketing costs translate to insurer profits.
Did you discuss skyrocketing Healthcare insurer profits? Take a real look at for profit insurance and you see an ugly side of America.
You make me sick. Thank God I have health insurance (for now). #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Vote No!! #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
Wow you must have been really convincing.  Not one reply in support of this bill but keep saying its a good idea.
And what did u learn about how to stop the rockets yet take care of vets, elderly, those addicted to opioids? WE CAN'T HEAR YOU!
Vote No, then push for bipartisan solution to such a huge piece of the economy.
I was busy getting a call diagnosing my 17month old literally during the hearing.  I hope you thought of people like him! #VoteNo
Wow how many people on your feed dislike this bill?
How will you vote on GC?
You must protect women, and poor people and the infants you claim to care for
OPERS update for 2018 premiums for silver plan in Columbus is $1, 159.61 p/p without deductibles and co-pays. Not affordable! #ACA
Is the idea to let the poor & old die and save on SSA & SSI so you can cut taxes for the rich
That’s just a lie
Ignored ACA success stories, ignored that @JohnKasich opposes, hung onto partisan stuff.  No balls, no conscience. Tired of being ignored.
Hope you included how much more it will cost to get no insurance
Ur gov. has a solution. 1 that can go thru #RegularOrder & not divide our country more by jamming it thru. U berated Dems 4 doing just that!
Your job is to help the people of Ohio. Protect your constituents with pre-existing conditions. Please listen to our health organizations!
My son was born in Ohio with a birth defect and I would have been financially ruined without Medicaid. There is no market fix for HC.
So, will you vote no?
If you vote yes - this will haunt you for the rest of your life. Willingly killing the citizens of the United States.
So it is still party over Ohio ??wonder how Portman will vote after accepting over $380,000 from insurance ans BIG pharmaceutical companies
Thanks for selling us out again. I called. I always call. You don't care about Ohio. You care about who is making the biggest contribution.
Vote No. You work for us not Donors. Fix ACA. Stop the BS. You really care about human trafficking?  Victims need Healthcare. NO on GramCass
Interesting approach....did you tell them the other side? My side? Where I have pre-existing conditions and a mother on Medicaid? Nope!
No, he didn't.  Nor did he bring any mail to enter into the record.  He was partisan.  I called and said as much.
I don't doubt it! The obvious party donor vote is disgusting. Healthcare is not only for the healthy and wealthy. Continuing to call daily!!
VOTE NO! Can't  believe u would sell out Ohioans. Work in bipartisan fashion 2 solve healthcare. U have been putting party over people
This Ohioan says VOTE NO and then go to work to really fix health care!
Did u share the stories of Ohioans that the ACA actual works for them and keeps them as productive citizens or do u have tunnel vision?
We expect you to vote no on Graham- Cassidy
Then vote no on Graham Cassidy and bipartisan effort to keep ACA and fix the healthcare premiums.
Did you share my story, about how the ACA ensures that I can afford to live? Or only the ones that fit your narrative?
We need you to stand up for Ohio, not the GOP. We will remember. #OhioNeedsHealthCare #HealthCareSystem
Let us in Ohio know: How are you voting? Courage Senator -no games yes or no?
You have sabotaged HC in Ohio- it is your day of reckoning! -1
2- Ohio would like Town Halls! You work for us- courage Senator! We all want the same thing!
Looks like your GOP colleagues made it so that you didn't have to take a stand either way on the ACA repeal bill. HOw nice of them.
McCain, Paul, and Collins are voting no, killing the bill. So now chickenshit Portman will give an opinion. #lastterm #coward
So you're gonna support a bill that raises health care costs even more? Makes sense.
Every professional health organization vehemently opposes #GrahamCassidy.  The CBO confirms it's a disaster.  You will make things worse.
Is there any kind of policy in place, like the 25th Amendment for the President, to remove Senators?
Ohio is watching, vote no on Graham-Cassidy. #GrahamCassidyNO #
Bipartisan effort is what Ohio and America deserves. No one in Healthcare supports this bill. Don't throw Ohio under the bus!
Shut up. Have a town hall. Grow some. Stand up for what you know is right. I am a constitant. Tired of your blah blah blah.
Get on the right side, @senrobportman https://twitter.com/moveon/status/911310769043787776 … @CbusIndivisible
Every major health organization, or Donald Trump? This bill isn't dead yet. Tell your senators which side you're on: (855) 999-1663 
The opioid crisis in Ohio.74% of people in treatment for opioid addiction are there thanks to Medicaid #GrahamCassidy vote no!
have you shared the story of your constituents coming into your office sharing how w/o the ACA they wouldn't have coverage?
Your fault they are "sky high." Thanks RP
If you cared about affordable healthcare as much as you feign support for addiction reform, voting NO on #GrahamCassidy easy.
Will you please work with Democrats on this? Your party clearly has lost contact with the reality of the majority of American people.
You aren't even addressing healthcare costs. That would mean stepping on the toes of big pharma.
You do not fight rising costs by cutting funding and kicking people off coverage.
Lowering costs at the expense of adequate coverage is bad for Ohio. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
How about Ohioans who will lose coverage if it passes?
An $11K deductible can be met with 1 ER visit for a broken leg and 1 for sprained ankle. Ridiculous in cost thx to hospitals not from ACA.
I know so many people who are so grateful for Obamacare.  Ohioans.  Who are you talking to?   Rich guys?   Certainly not real Ohioans
Just work with Dems and FIX #ACA  It can be done and is best option. Bipartisan is best way. Remember what that is?
Please vote NO. I'm affected by this. The #GrahamCassidy bill is TERRIBLE. Millions lose coverage. MILLIONS! And I'm one.
Ohioans, Don't just comment on here. CALL him. The more people who call, the more he'll realize what a bad idea this bill is. 202-224-3353.
Then vote against this bill.
You are a genuinely bad man.
Time to show some conscience and integrity vote for the people not for a lame party promise. VOTE NO on repeal

I and many others have wrote and told you how we feel.  Every major health organization said no. Can not wait to get you out of office.
The bill is dead. It's safe to give your opinion now. 

Ohio is ashamed of you.
You're a joke. It was reported today that you're a maybe. Ummm, yea. Duh. Grow a spine.
#PortmanIAJoke
Are you saying our costs are skyrocketing NOW? No one said that.
A republican second!
https://salsa4.salsalabs.com/o/51640/images/HSC_Cassidy%20Graham%20Letter_2017.pdf … Large list of groups that oppose this Bill. Vote NO!
Stand up for Ohioans and vote NO
Did you share the stories of the dec disabled and those with pre-existing conditions who have been calling and writing you?
Why are you wasting time on #GrahamCasiddy? Puerto Rico needs assistance, and CHIP needs to be re-upped. Get your priorities straight!
NO!!!!!!! G/C is repulsive.
GOP created uncertainty in markets. And sabotaging ACA in every way possible. We will hold those elected accountable. That means you Sen.
Funny you ignored this one thoughtfully composed by a 13 year old cancer survivor.
I sent a detailed email of my story;also he couldn't find time to share.  I hate most Republicans and all 45 voters..but the emails.
Vote No on #GrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyNO
Please vote NO!
It’s a shame you represent Ohioans.
What world do you live in?   Ignoring  all other OH patient stories that don’t fit your talking points.  Bet they are 4-1 contacting you.
Please vote no
I wish you had shown the courage of some of your GOP colleagues. You were my proof that I didn’t vote a straight ticket. No more.
And independent analysts say they would go up more if Graham-Cassidy passes.  Vote no.
So now that #GrahamCassidy is dead, you're saying you would have voted to give-up $9 billion for the state of Ohio?
It sure sounds like it.   Not a peep from our "Leader" until the Bill is dead.   What a phony.
All the GOP plans are disturbingly worse. For someone who hates ACA you'd think you'd have a better plan? What do you do at your job?
How do you know anything about Ohioans' stories about healthcare?  Are u confusing your constituents with companies you meet with?
Do you have a position on this important topic?
Translation: "discussed" in this case refers to accepted bribes,laughed at poor ppl. "Stories" means cherry picked anecdotal nonsense.
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy it attacks traditional Medicaid and penalizes the aged. Stand up for Ohio!!
We already know ACA has problems. I'm just not sure ramming a half-ass bill through for a WIN is the answer. 
Good points of G-C please?
Vote No!
You didn't support Trumpcare1, why are undecided on Trumpcare2, it's much worse than1? What about the opioid issue you say you care about?
How much will they pay when they lose their insurance? #Healthcare is not cheap and drives people to file bankruptcy. VOTE NO
