R's DO YOU BUY INTO THIS Trump And Paul Ryan’s Tax Plan...A $5 Trillion Giveaway To The Wealthy?   https://trofire.com/2017/09/28/trump-paul-ryans-tax-plan-5-trillion-giveaway-wealthy/ … …
Trickle down is a lie.

How does eliminating SALT deductions help Ohioans?

#TaxReformForTheWealthy
Just another break for the rich  guy, get Trump to pay his...
How about helping America by not obstructing HC bill& repeal ACA?
Which is a bold faced lie. Tax cuts will go to those that paid the taxes: the rich. They have no reason to give that money away. #moron
I did n't know Trump lived in Ohio
Please give me ONE example of trickle down economics producing jobs, just ONE!
Here's an idea:  Try training these people for the jobs that are available right now and will be available in the future.
CHIP, CHIP, CHIP........
You're like an evil Mr Rogers. "Come here boys and girls. I want to teach you a very grown up game called 'Trickle Down.' You'll like it."
Rob you had me almost believing that you actually cared after the first vote on health care..just a trump lemming
We need u gone. You and your GOP are nasty. Tax reform means our country goes to hell and u go to the bank. Aren't you under investigation?
Senate R's.  From your silence, we can only assume you ALL agree with Trump/Ryans TAX PLAN for BILLIONAIRES.
ROB PORTMAN HAS A NET WORTH OF $14.5 MILLION.  HE KNOWS HOW TO EXPAND HIS OWN POCKETS AND EXPECTS MIDDLE CLASS TO HELP.
Missing the real issue Rob... People like you cause problems.. govt creating jobs ..= not good for the tax paying citizens. Cant mange money
WE NEED TO BE HELPING PUERTO RICO. THE GOP AND TRUMP HAS MESSED UP OUR COUNTRY SO BAD ALL YALL CROOKS NEED TO BE FIRED

That’s not the “trickle down” you’re talking about
Giving money to corporations will not. Give consumers a tax break and they will buy more. Do not bankrupt our government for the 1%
Owners of those corporations are Americans too. They’re the ones cutting your paychecks. Yet you speak against them. Not smart
how can that be true when this is how the administration views public service
The GOP's plan to bring us another recession. Do you ever learn? This doesn't bring tax relief and increases the national debt. Shame on you
#middleclass will lose our state and local tax deductions, including on our home real estate We will lose all of our work-related deductions. We are losing more than the plan gives- #big corporations and the very wealthy benefit the most.  #TaxReform? Not for this Ohio family!
Too much truth in this tweet. You understand #Taxreform 

I’ bet most supporters don’t.They cheer estate tax repeal? Affects fewer than .2%
Trickle down tax no way, ,the little people pay out of pocket for everything else, we pay increases to cover what taxused to pay. #resist

R'S have 75 CONGRESS SEATS UP IN 2018.  R's GOT TO GO.  PUERTO RICO, Racism, Cutting Healthcare, Russia, BILLIONAIRES TAX CUTS" ..not good.
GET RID of PORTMAN in 2018.  Its INSULTING that they lie to our faces,  laugh at us, and say "so what you can you do about ii"
Ummm not the reform being proposed. I think the GOP need to start over
Will you commit to not voting for 'tax reform' if it increases the deficit (compared to current law and *not* to current policy)?
Trumpeconomics it’s worse than Reagan trickled down still waiting to drop from the sky! GOP it’s getting classes at Trump University!
Heard if you own 1 home mortgage interest gone. If you own 10 homes you get huge credit. This won't work!
Why are you all lying to American ppl?
Not with that plan! Trump, wealthy save billions. We save nothing! We pay ridiculous property, state & local taxes in OH! We'll pay more!
Tax Reform will help BUT NOT THIS TAX REFORM. Raising the lower tax rate & lowering the highest will hurt all but very rich! #LIAR
Trickle-down has never worked yet Republicants keep pushing it. Wake    up, Rob.
Sorry to say, but Rob's become as untrustworthy as Trump. I had hoped he would be better. Sad.
Tax reform will give Trump 1 billion. Nice reform.
Government investment (which needs a tax base), a good minimum wage, and affordable healthcare create jobs. Tax cuts just build savings.
I am so sorry I voted for you. You don't care about Ohio middle class
Republican economy
Sure, whatever  - the all talk, no action GOP is pathetic/boring.
I think we missed your statement on the "#TaxReform" adding $2T to our debt, and on @SecPriceMD's $1 million on private planes. #StopLying
I'm waiting
Who can believe the GOP now
Spineless. When corporate taxes were cut in the 80’s, wages declined for 4 straight years.
Need to help ALL Americans, not just in Ohio.
your govt funded senate website used to show the nat'l debt. That link has been broken for a while, like your commitment to debt reduction
Raising taxes on married couples earning less than 45k? That redues consumer spending, therrby destroying jobs. Bad.
Tax cuts for the wealthiest won't help anyone but them.

Trickle down back in the 80s didn't work then either.

We need real help.
#just like cutting #Obamacare was in our best interest.
Let's see, Reagan took away deductions for car loans and interest paid on charge cards.  Who did that really hurt..the rich?
It didn't work with Reagan... people lost deductions, but still paid the same amount in tax!  People don't be fooled!!
Tax cuts masquerading as #TaxReform are a failure. We need investment in #Education #Research #Infrastructure to create new and lasting #jobs
Nope, your plan won't do either of those things.
Bullshit
Americans will NOT see more jobs created because demand for products and services will be stiffled by less expendable income wondering how much healthcare costs will rise while healthcare continues to be sabotaged by @POTUS and @GOP
You know this version of tax reform will not do so.
I've got a great idea on a way to save some money...how about no more private jets for denier Pruitt and ethically challenged Price?
Bullcrap!  It will line the pockets of the rich!
Wrong. Investing in wind, solar, geothermal will create more jobs. Raising minimum wages will create better wages.
Trump tax reform will not do that. It helps billionaires & millionaires more than middle-class.  Removing estate taxes helps 1 to 2 % people
If it had only been tried before, wait - KANSAS.
TRICKLE DOWN AGAIN!  We want bottom up reform.  We don't want floor scraps from TRUMPS TABLE.  Little to working class while
millions go to top 1%  inheritance tax relief would help 80 farm families!  Trump bragged of 10 Billion personal wealth.
Easy to figure who will gain from inheritance tax repeal.  Trumps children would get $40,000,
That is $40,000,000. Wrap your mind around that when you get a $1,000. In tax cut, while they take your deduction for mortgag
Bottom line, they get the gold mine, while working class gets the shaft. You can bet their big deductions will be protected..
You are 100% correct.
Unfortunately, what you're proposing helps the Kochs & their businesses, so it won't do any of that!
Fake
How about supporting legislation that labor in Ohio is done by Ohioans first? Keep families together and skills in Ohio for Ohio!
What happened to cutting the deficit? I pay 35%, and I will pay 35%.  Oh course I have seen no plan, and we can no longer trust your word.

https://www.facebook.com/RBReich/videos/1716024155076840 …
Trickle down will not work. Never has. Bad plan.
ROB PORTMAN IS LYING! TAX REFORM WILL GIVE BUCKETS OF CASH FOR WEALTHY BUT A TEASPOON OF COINS FOR MIDDLE CLASS! TRUMPS SUPPORTERS R STUPID!
It will NOT do anything but benefit the 1% at the expense of the middle class.
Today's #GOP is just sad...
I thought we had a bunch of jobs that aren't being filled because of lack of skills. So why not focus on filling the jobs that need filling?
Giving tax breaks to the wealthiest Ohioans will not help most Ohioans. You know that but just don't dare. Right, Rob?
Then why are you Republicans trying to screw them?Repeatedly?
All you libs have no idea what the hell your talking about if it was up to you we would have 80% taxes to find all the redistribution
Have you analyzed it?  Bcuz from what I see it helps the rich, not average families in any state
"Doing it right" means fair taxes-- NO CUTS FOR THE WEALTHY!
WE WANT PROOF!!
You need to help the middle class and working poor! Shame on you for helping your rich friends and turning back on us.
Proposed tax reform will make rich richer and poor poorer. It will not create jobs. Tell the truth. VOTE NO!
The rich pay 90% of the taxes the us gov takes in I think they r ok to get a tax cut like the rest of us
Tell the truth.
They can't guarantee it will not go up on some middle class people but the vast majority will get a tax cut
Honest ? for those saying trickle down doesn't work, why? If more expensive to do business here, why wouldn't lowering cost fix it?
Please pass the tax cuts!We are a small business and middle class.My ACA insurance just went up to $1500 a month for Family of 4 Fed up!
This one won't do it.  Do better for those in the middle and lower.
The lower class doesn't pay any taxes they get it all back during tax season top 10% pays 90% of all the taxes
So you're saying those 1% less than median pay no taxes?  Check that and get back.

Same promise Reagan/Bush made, biggest change from that reform . Corporation & wealth stocked money offshore. You must have vision to lead.
there you go again.  Misleading the poor and middle class.  Shame on you.
First off - raise minimum wage, second tell the truth this tax cut doesn't help families. How you all can lie continuously is beyond me!!
Yeah right Rob .. just like how you wanted to help #Ohio's families with healthcare
Does GOP #TaxReform for the rich sound like it will help you? Of course not. That's b/c it WON'T
The Truth in ~90sec
I make 25k a yr so yes it will help me with the double standard deduction I will get all my tax money back
And no job creation.

Trickle down? It doesn't work and that's been proven. #vote2018
Rob I honestly hope you will stand strong for small business & your average families. Bipartisanship Please.
Also, Rembert our economy is not like the 80's. The same tax path will not work.
Republicans lie
Trickle down doesn't work. Fact. This "reform" is all about the rich.
Ask Kentucky how well trickle down works. If you can't offer an actual improvement, please sit down.
Taxes are nuts that's Political Suicide
VOTE OUT GOP ASAP.  PUERTO RICO, Racism, Cutting Healthcare, Russia, TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES", DACA just too much to deal with.
Help get that man out of the WH
Ummm, right now I think we need to help our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico don't you?
POTUS talks bringing jobs back but Wilbur Ross is prepared  to lay off 7000 skilled empl at Pratt&Whitney(Cseries)
this plan is nothing more than a massive tax cut for the 1% and tax evading corporations that created tax inversions to avoid paying taxes
DONT WORRY PORTMAN ALL THE COMPLAINTS ARE PEOPLE THAT GET PAID BYE GOVERMENT.....THE DAY OF RRAKONING HAS COME FOR THE LIBERAL AGENDA.  LOL
I love the reform plan especially cuting all deduction...bonus no state deductions..enjoy Cali and New York
There ARE jobs in Ohio, Sen Portman. The applicants can't pass the drug tests. Start with education and health care and problem gets solved
The reason I follow u is my husband worked w your father & brother. Lots of respect for yr fam but you need to get tougher on import stuff.
Why don't you tell us to "keep yo money?" Is that hashtag only for Senator Scott to use? #KeepYoMoney
"I like to put it very simply: We want to help you #KeepYoMoney." – @SenatorTimScott #TaxReform 
Not your tax reform
Ok, just explain how. Details!!!


Oh come on. Sell that snake oil to Kansas or somewhere that doesn’t know any better. This is Republican healthcare BS but with taxes.
My congressman says he's never heard of Kansas's issues?   Get this, he serves on Ways and Means.
Need to reduce middle class income taxes. Most important.
Just say no to corporate tax cuts and trickle down. Reach across the aisle and work together for the citizens of America. Thank you.
Bwahahaha. A real knee slapper,Rob-bot.Dotard's new redistribution of wealth plan as ever benefits himself & his ilk.#noTaxCutsForRich
Top 1% now controls 38% of America's wealth. WHY ON EARTH DO THEY NEED MORE?

Vote No!!!
Can we make tax breaks dependent on how much profit is reinvested to stimulate the economy? Instead of hoping for the best?
No GOP tax cut has ever benefited anyone but the wealthy. Why would I think this one would be any different?
How does raising the base tax from 10 to 12%, while getting rid of taxes on the wealthy help the poor and middle class? Explain
LMAO !!!!!!!
You spoeak with FORKED TONGUE !!!!!!!!
No it won't.
How Rob? How many jobs will be created?
Infrastructure would create jobs and help the economy in many ways.  Health care is good for the economy too
U have never done anything to help working families. #TownHall ?  #fakefoxnews
POTUS/Price continue to SABOTAGE ACA daily, hurting enrollment/health, raising rates.

WILL U PROTECT US?
When Graham-Cassidy was around the cat had your tongue now its over and all of a sudden you tweet like crazy.
When should we expect the town halls so we can discuss this?
It's not like the historical record shows that none of those things occurred when they tried this in the past
Oh...horse shit! Lol it’s more apparent these days.
Umm... we have a jobs gap in Ohio. Lots of jobs that no one is qualified for. Money should be spent on education and training.
We have to make our workers competitive and able to attract corps. Welfare for the richest of us, with a tax increase on folks like me
isn't going to solve our problems. They will only make them worse. Handouts to the wealthy have and will continue to erode
the already struggling middle class. Your goal is plain. A small class of wealthy elite, and everyone else.
No it won't Rob. Didn't under Reagan or  either Bush. Deficit exploded, interest soared and the rich got richer. Clinton Obama econs: +++
You need to vote no on the tax and healthcare reform! Who are you serving anyways? Those that elect you, or those who bought your vote?
Show us the details be very clear on what this will deliver For Ohio and the average American
"You don't have to work to be able to send your kid to childcare" I'd like to see the math on that one.
Cincinnatian abroad here. No move to residency based taxation? RNC supports this. Also:
Why tax cuts for the wealthy?
How to pay for cuts?
You can not possibly believe what you are tweeting. Just a flat out liar servicing your donors.
You gotta be kidding me.
I do not want a plan that increases the deficit that our kids will have to deal with.
We need to see Trump's tax returns.

Since the advent of industrial capitalism this sales pitch has been bend over bogus.
1,066.
E-Verify, ending DACA, detain and deport would do this too.
Stop telling us what we want and need. ASK us!! We want #UniversalHealthCare That would literally save me thousands of dollars.
keep telling yourself that same bullstory.
The tax plan from the GOP will not do that as you are well aware. How about you talk to regular people instead of just your donors.
No, it won't.  You've tried that since Reagan and wages stagnated.  Stop lying and do what will really create jobs. More money to the middle
#Resign
Rob doesn't care about deficits when tax cuts to the rich are involved.  But deficits matter for limits on Social Security and Medicare.
How will it "grow" the economy? Specifics please. Our economy has grown for the last 7 years.
#taxcuts to #wealthy were provide they don't make jobs - they make bigger deficits.
Trickle down economics only increased our national debt. Even Reagan's former policy advisor isn't behind this plan b/c it's no longer myth.
Tax cuts at fed will mean tax increases at local cause roads/bridges/schools won't fix themselves. Middleclass will PAY! Rich get richer.
It better, because I'll need to pick up a 2nd one. #screwedthemiddleclass
Wrong Sir, on so many levels
Sure it will , just not this tax reform
Your entire economic philosophy is based on the work of a mediocre fiction writer. That doesn't bother you?
Not the tax reform this bum of a president wants, hopefully you are smarter than that but I am guessing not!
Not the tax reform your party is pushing with investment income being taxed at half the rate of wages. That is a gift to your donors.
Senator, you're too smart to buy the supply side fairy tale. Please do some homework. That's part of your job.
Lies
Once again, the GOP only concerned about business. TRICKLE DOWN DOES NOT WORK. PERIOD.
You're slaves to your oligarch masters focused only on their enrichment and crumbs from their table for you at the expense of everyone else
When will we be seeing reform? So far all that is on the table are cuts.
Not the current tax reform bill!
Get rid of RITA altogether. I'd pay more state and federal taxes to avoid the intense confusion of having prepay estimated taxes
And somehow that will happen when you cut taxes for the wealthy only and always vote against minimum wage hikes, despite inflation.....
Cutting taxes for your rich buddies isn't going to create jobs, @senrobportman. Improving wages and spending more on the poorest will.
You continue to lie.
Every time a Republican says anything about tax reform I picture Scrooge McDuck swimming in piles of money.
The proposed reform will RAISE taxes for the poorest and eliminate the estate tax for the wealthiest.  Are you good with that?  Shame on you
#liar
What evidence do you have that trickle down will work this time?  Never worked in the past. SAD!!!
depends
Wow Rob you better open your eyes. Ohio really needs your help The tax bill is really important. DO some this for us the American people.
