I agree.
On another subject, please don't vote for Graham Bill,it will hurt too many disable people in Ohio.
It's also unacceptable that GOP senators continue to do business w the Koch brothers enabling their dangerous agenda. Vote no on GC.
Clean up your own backyard before you worry about China!
Yes and Trump still has family businesses in China.
It's far less acceptable that you are in support of the Death Cult GrahamCassidy bill. You should remove yourself from the Death Cult.
aren't Trump ties still made in China?
Your president's remarks to N.K. leader aren't dangerous? When are u going to call your little boy in from recess to reflect upon behavior?
Sovereignty, Rob. Or so says the leader of your party.
it's unacceptable that a senator from Ohio continues to try to take away our healthcare, enabling our dangerous unstable president
We have a mad man for president. Stop following him down his destructive path. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Rob, #MrMaybe or whatever else Ohioans are calling you these days, please knock off the tweets. They're annoying. You don't #CARA bout us!
We want you to talk about America's desire for equal access to affordable, QUALITY healthcare insurance! We will not support war w/NKorea
It's unacceptable that your constituents can't get a town hall
It's also unacceptable for millions to lose healthcare because of GOP greed, power-grab, and haste. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy
It's unacceptable that you continue to represent Ohio. Town halls? No. Voting against Ohioans best interests? Yes.
It's unacceptable you allowed poor children to lose healthcare; or should we ignore that detail?
Republicons are a much bigger threat right now than is North Korea. You don't care how many die from no health care, how many die from guns.
It is unacceptable for you to ignore your constituents because you aren't up until 2022.
What about countries which enable the dangerous and destabilizing actions of the US? Let's not throw stones from inside the glass house.
It is unacceptable that the president can't stop flapping his yapper.  This is a pissing contest with nuclear weapons.  No one wins!
Taking away healthcare and addiction assist is far worse.
We should support Shia Syria and Iran not Saudi Arabia, etc. The Chinese won't work with us if we are working against their oil interests
It's unacceptable that republican "lawmakers" won't provide good health care for American citizens. If you are not wealthy, you will die.
It's MORE dangerous to strip us of adequate HC. In the long run the Graham-Cassidy bill would seriously harm our country. Vote NO!
"Unacceptable" is a word people use when they can not prevent something from happening.
Are you willing to say the same thing, and publicly condemn, the actions of US businesses in countries that sponsor terrorism?
It is unacceptable for you to vote yes on Graham-Cassidy and screw Ohioans on healthcare coverage. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
You are unacceptable! You would strip medicaid from people who don't have healthcare privileges like you do & want their families protected!
No, it's unacceptable that Trump can t keep his fucking mouth shut. And that new healthcare bill is asinine and you know it.
#GrahamCasiddy can we talk about healthcare???
A vote for GCHJ is a betrayal to all americans that will not be forgotten.
It's unacceptable that you are not protecting health care for all Ohioans!
No What is unacceptable is trying to repeal the a c a.  Vote No!!!!!
It's unacceptable that we don't have universal health care in this country.
Enabling Trump is dangerous and destabilizing.
Did you ever look into #pizzagate it involves children and young women in Washington DC.
You all know he's going to vote yes on Graham Cassidy. He's a radical in moderate's clothing.
It's unacceptable that u won't address the Graham-Cassidy proposal publicly. VOTE NO on this proposal.
You know what else is unacceptable?  You voting for the latest version of Trumpcare
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
What about Trumps doing biz w/ the Chinese? BTW, VOTE NO ON GRAHAM-CASSIDY
What's more unacceptable is that actual US elected officials, such as yourself,are attempting to strip healthcare from millions of Americans
unacceptable that you would even consider voting for this horrendous ACA repeal bill. Losing healthcare destabilizes families
45 is going to destroy the world. Stop the madness.
I can say the same about you and your votes in the Senate.  Dangerous and destabilizing actions on 1/6 of our Economy!  Vote NO!
It is not acceptable that @realDonaldTrump profits off being Potus, yet I don't see you doing anything about it...
It's sad you walk lockstep with a President and party that wants to inflict pain on Americans. China don't listen to you!
It is also unacceptable to take away healthcare. Vote No!
One of those Chinese companies probably makes the "Make America Great Again" hats. OPEN YOUR EYES SENATOR
AMAZING!! All these tweets AGAINST YOU AND YOUR FAKE HEALTHCARE SUPPORT. AMAZING.
This president - in your party - is equally, or more, dangerous and destabilizing.  We're frightened to death about this. Are you???
So we starve the innocent citizens? Embargo's don't work.
I agree.
It is unacceptable for you to even consider the latest healthcare bill. Your time in office is coming to an end.
You are unacceptable. Always party before country with you.
It's unacceptable that you support an administration that continues to make bank off the presidency.
You holding Americans hostage again over healthcare is unacceptable. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Graham-Cassidy is unacceptable.
Let's talk about it at your NEXT TOWN HALL!
Your willing to destabilize health insurance markets repeated GOP efforts to stop Medicaid & Planned parenthood funding #StopGrahamCassidy
Unacceptable Trump & fam do business with Chinese who do business with NoKo. Also, vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Do the right thing for OH.
What is the difference in NK killing us or R's taking Healthcare and letting us die
It's UNACCEPTABLE that you would vote yes on the upcoming Healthcare bill.

 Unconscionable and unacceptable.
It's also unacceptable that no one is answering phones in any of your offices,SENATOR!!You work for US!! Don't forget it!We certainly won't!
We have a crazy, unstable, way over his head,leader in the WH.
It's sickening to realize that you are in the job once held by a decent man like George Voinovich. You aren't worthy of it. #GrahamCassidy
Shut up #warhawkwednesday
#GrahamCassidy #TownHall

Senator, stop hiding from these two issues. Act like an adult and give real answers to real questions. 

#GrowUp
How about you start caring about Ohioans?
Hi! You know what else is UNACCEPTABLE? Taking away healthcare from 32 million Americans! Also dangerous and destabilizing!
Health care. Health care. Where do you stand. NK is easy to speak out against. #noGrahamCassidy
It is also unacceptable to put our children into foreign wars we've escalated.
But destabilizing the health care market and 1/6 of the economy is fine, I guess.
Blah, blah...you need to do what's right and vote no on Cassidy-Graham.
Trumps rhetoric enables dangerous responses by North Korea, not. Isiness with China!
You know what else is unacceptable? Your non-stance on #healthcare. You seem big on bipartisanship so why not #FixACA? #NOGrahamCassidy
Fixed: It is unacceptable that many Senators continue to do business with @realDonaldTrump enabling his dangerous and destabilizing actions.
It is unacceptable that You @senrobportman are planning to take health care away from Ohioans.
It's unacceptable that you care more about getting donations from the Koch Brothers than you do about the people you represent.
FIXED IT 4 U!
It is unacceptable that OH REP SENATOR continueS to IGNORE CONSTITUENTS RE: #GRAHAMCASSIDY dangerous and destabilizing BILL.
What is unacceptable is to vote for the Graham Cassidy bill-vote no. All should have the same healthcare senators enjoy.
#healthcareForAll
Do you know what else is dangerous? #GrahamCasiddy
It is unacceptable that many Republicans continue to do business with @realDonaldTrump enabling his dangerous and destabilizing actions
Yet not nearly as unconscionable as you voting for Cassidy Graham, Sir.
The plan was just announced this morning. Give it a chance!
OH will be 1 of the states most hurt by Graham/Cassidy bill
It's unacceptable to vote on #Trumpcare before the CBO score . Think of all your constituents over just your donors
Your silence on healthcare bill is unacceptable.
And yet another distracting comment on an issue that is not as important to Ohioans as healthcare. Where do you stand on Graham-Cassidy?
You have SO MUCH to say about opioids, sex trafficking, trade & more! Why so silent on #GrahamCassidyBill?
The issue that will affect hundreds of thousands of Ohioans doesn't interest you? Medicaid isn't worth your time? #GrahamCassidyBill
Why do you have so much to say about so many issues, but not the issue on every Ohioan's-every American's mind!? #GrahamCassidy #Healthcare
If not Ohio, who do you serve? Whose pocket are you in, senator? #GrahamCassidyBill #SaveMedicaid #Coward #Corrupt @senrobportman
If you can't be bothered to respond to your voters, if you have to keep hiding behind other issues to avoid this one, then resign!
And bless #Ohio with an actual senator who will choose his fellow Ohioans over Trump and Mitch McConnell! #GrahamCassidyBill #shameonyou
How are you voting on healthcare???
oh, gee, what are going to do about it?  bomb China?
How about the dangerous, destabilizing act of kicking millions off Medicaid and insurance, affecting 1/6 the economy? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
It is unacceptable that you continue to address anything and everything except the issue people are begging to hear from you on.
And supporting the HC bill will destabilize the USA! The @GOP is owned by dirty $$, extreme RW interests who care Nothing for the USA.
How about 'presidents' who do manufacturing in China?  How acceptable is that?
It’s unacceptable that you refuse to represent Ohioans and vote according to our best interest
And...let's talk about healthcare. It, too, is important.
You talk!! If the defication hits the rotating oscillator, are you gonna walk!! (Back @realDonaldTrump)???
I don't see it from you!
And also so he can access campaign funds from rich donors.
Hey Rep. What about healthcare? Pls tell me you will not allow people to die to create tax cuts for the wealthy. You can be better than that
RUSSIA, NOT CHINA!
It's also unacceptable that your party wants to strip people of healthcare! Just as dangerous!
It is unacceptable that many "moderate"  Republicans continue to vote with #Trump, enabling his dangerous and destabilizing actions.
It's unacceptable to also support #GrahamCasiddy. Pick up your phones. I've been calling since July! Stop messing with healthcare
Its unacceptable that you care so little about Ohioans healthcare and jobs
Unacceptable that many US senators continue to support a terrible healthcare bill, enabling destabilizing tax cuts for their 1%er donors.
Do you realize that North Koreans are completely dependent on imports so they don't starve? Target sanctions to military, not food!
It is unacceptable that the GOP is trying to take healthcare away from millions including tour constituents
 VOTE NO!
What’s unacceptable is you voting for Graham-Cassidy.
It is unacceptable that you haven't said anything about #GrahamCassidy.
It is unacceptable to do anything but oppose it.
COMMIT TO VOTE NO.
Your silence on healthcare is unacceptable Rob.
It will be unacceptable if you vote for this health care bill where it also has dangerous and destabilizing actions in it
Russia will save us! Oh wait..
You're cool with Russia destabilizing our government though, right? As long as the GOP wins?
Asked him about another elephant in the room, health care, phone & Twitter, multiple times. No response. He must not care for constituents.
Yes!!!
Not only that. China is THE supplier of heating and other oil products for the elite of the NK too! Then there are luxury goods via truck...
I wonder who made your #MAGA hat, Robbie.  P.S.  WHAT ABOUT OUR HEALTHCARE, ROLLOVER ROB? #grahamcassidy #voteNO
THEN TAKE CARE OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND LET THEM KEEP THEIR HEALTHCARE STOP SCREWING US AND OHIO HOLD A TOWN HALL
It will be equally unacceptable if you vote for Graham Cassidy!!!
