You voted for a straight repeal, Rob. We're going to hold you responsible for your sponsoring of domestic terrorism at home! Shame on you
His aides assured me REPEATEDLY that he would not vote for straight repeal. Wonder if he lied or they did? 
He added some amendment (Portman hush $ for opioid crisis, I believe) but it was essentially the same bad bill. Really disappointed in him
Another thing aides swore he wouldn't do bc "opioids aren't his only concern". He also cares ab pre-existing con & lifetime caps. Allegedly
It seems a lot of the GOP "cares" about those things... they just don't care to pay for them
You trying to start a war to make us forget about crap Trumpcare and so the orange clown can play army n get poll numbers up
Step up YOUR efforts to save Healthcare for us all. That's critical !
Do you think Rob actually reads any of our tweets, or is it just a staffer posting all these lame tweets?
Not as effective as I'd like . Still ,doing something always feels better than doing nothing 
How about holding yourself responsible for destroying our healthcare.
#Pathetic that you fell right into the arms of @realDonaldTrump Campaign  contributions won't save you! Bet you still have your healthcare.

Accordingly, we will report to all 38 million AARP members how their Senators vote, via ads, our print publications, social media and more.
1 million jobs lost - like wiping away all coal jobs 20 times over. Shame!
You will never get my vote again mostly because of you and the rest of ur republican buddies healthcare I WILL BE DEAD #Cowards
I hope you never plan  to run for president. If you wont take care of Ohioans how can we trust you to protect the nation from North Korea?
You're okay with stripping children and elderly of their health coverage?   Ohioans remember this at the polls. Polish up your resume Rob.
Portman said YES last night! Shame!
Senate *rejects* Obamacare replacement plan (BCRA w/ Cruz amndt) 

9 GOP NOs…
The healthcare bill u allowed Trump the bullying u into voting yes has a 16% approval. 
trying to deflect your silly vote on the TAX   oop sorry Health bill ?

grow a heart  !     but wait that was only covered by the ACA
When .@robportman found out 1 of his kids was gay , he suddenly supported gay people. We can hope that 1 of his kids loses their healthcare
Maybe if I post enough of these they will forget me turning my back on my supposed medical priorities like opioids...if wishing made it so.
Portman talked up his worry for BCRA's devastating cut of $750b to Medicaid. THEN voted for BCRA bc of $100b Medicaid deal?
Tool.
Most concerned that you are such a coward that you caved to pressure on healthcare for MILLIONS & voted to take it away.
Worry about your home base because POTUS and GOP don't care!  Thought it was all about America First or is GOP planning a war to distract us
Was it hard to get down on your knees to please Pres & VP. It must be nice to kneel. I can't, that's why I need #Healthcare! Fix ACA!
You voted to to take away Medicaid from indigent Ohioans. Before yesterday I believed you were a decent man. Redeem yourself.
But I admit the .@AARP & other patient advocate ads will be so good against u in 2022. I am looking forward to those. Cause we won't forget
Terrorism is taking away healthcare from millions of disabled people. They are good and terrorized dude
NK? Really? USSR Jr. in the house, but you're, as usual, looking in the wrong direction. Maybe if you came home and listened to voters 1/2
Instead of contractors and business donors, you might see where our priorities are. I sure hope DeVos's campaign contribution was all 2/3
You will ever need. Because you're gonna need the support of the swamp. Your home state is tired of your shit.
Wow, you had to take time out from your busy day taking away our healthcare to do your job!  Pat yourself on the back some more
It's also critical that Ohioans have access to affordable high quality health care, and you're to cowardly to  vote to assure that.
Please, stop this! We aren't fools, you can't change the subject on us! http://bit.ly/2uvFMVw  We won't forget! Thank you @clevelanddotcom
Two women Senators more ethical & honorable than you.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Thank you, 'Women Senators' You make America proud.


Tonight, @SenRobPortman voted for over $700 billion in Medicaid cuts. There's a word for someone who says one thing but does another: LIAR. https://twitter.com/Gatiss27/status/890031805344210944 …
Northern Kentucky?
So horrible- depriving millions of health care

Why are you still tweeting?  Why are you still a senator in OH?
Ty again for screwing ohio again tonight your a real champion for the people of Ohio.
And we see, Senator, you still aren't listening to your constituents. Another yes vote tonight? Loyalty to the lobbyists.
Care to explain?
Portman & Capito have talked up needing CBO scores. They just voted to waive BCRA's lacking a full CBO score.
Why do you hate us? You're supposed to be protecting our interests.
Don't distract from the votes that are being taken tonight.  You are really dishonest.  Also a creep.
Meanwhile here in the US, you just took away access to cancer treatments for millions. And $1,230 increase next year
NEW: The so-called "skinny bill" will increase average premiums by $1,238 NEXT YEAR, based on CBO estimates.  
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/25/436642/skinny-repeal-bill-raise-average-premiums-1238-increase-uninsured/ …

Ohioans are terrified of Trumpcare, not North Korea. Rob sponsors this terror because he's lost all moral, intellectual, & emotional clarity https://twitter.com/senrobportman/status/889979272500314112 …
Please work with Democrats & fix the problems with the ACA.  We need you to protect health care for Ohioans!
Thank you for screwing ohio today we won't forget
You will be a HERO to millions of American families if you simply vote NO to repeal our HEALTHCARE! Make Americans proud Senator Portman!
So much will be accomplished when  you work with your fellow senators, the healthcare ind. & community members to improve the ACA--NO repeal

PLEASE reconsider your healthcare vote! Don't be bullied by a group that wouldn't allow experts, stakeholders and women to participate :(
Repealing #ACA will kill more Americans than NK or ISIS ever dreamed. How fortunate for them that you're willing to do their wet work.
Your vote to kill babies today is much more reprehensible. Let's focus on America for a little bit, Baby Killer!
This is what you’re talking about today?
You just voted to take away health care from millions.
Why don't you step up against domestic terrorism and stand up to the dictator Trump?
The whole world is helplessly watching all of you. I guess you know you are all done.
Murkowski: 
Collins: 
Johnson: 
Portman: 
McCain: 
Capito: 
Moran: 
Heller: 
Paul: 
 
You don't deserve Ohio.
It was critical that you vote NO on that bullshit "healthcare" plan. But instead you voted party over people. YOU ARE A COWARD! LAST TERM!
Do you think voters are so stupid as to be distracted by these fake issues? Not when our family's health is at stake. Shame on you, Rob.
Rob Portman voted the House bill to end the ACA. He wa s not one of the 9 republicans who put their constituents first. Sad, Rob. Very sad.
When's your next town hall?
I will never forget your yes vote. I will fight your reelection, you do not represent me.
It is critical because we won't have health insurance to cover us. You're pathetic and turned your back on your constituents.
And you responsible for our lack of healthcare

Sen., pls keep fighting for good health care. Don't let DT bully u. Stand up for us and we'll respect u more. If new plan is bad vote No.
NK doesn't do shit, and you know it.
What about the terrorism your party is committing to health care?
Your attack on the ACA will kill more people than terrorism.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
6- What could you possibly negotiate @robportman that would be worth making health care much more expensive for everyone? 
Rich buddies pockets! How about standing up for your state?Or at least hold a town hall to explain why you won't! #ProtectOurCare #Coward
Its also critical for me&many Ohioan's to keep our healthcare but you don't care about that! You are only worried about padding you&your...
You lack any semblance of courage and ultimately do whatever McConnell tells you.
Trying to bury those healthcare tweets, huh?
I hold you responsible for the terror you've imposed on families by violently ripping away their healthcare so that you could get a tax cut
President Trump is incapable of sane leadership. We have no personnel in the state department. We are headed for disaster with N Korea
unless the house and senate do something about the lunatic in the White House.
You are responsible!
How can we trust you regarding NK, when you just opened the door to killing Ohioans and Americans. NK hasn't done anything, Russia has.
I'm done listening to your rhetoric;trying to sound like you care about your constituents.Youve lost my vote&hope you suffer from ur choices
Shame on you for your vote today. You have betrayed the people who elected you.
Sorry Senator, I can't get passed your vote today to leave so many Ohioans & Americans without access to affordable healthcare. Never will.
Children’s access to
care is being threatened #KeepKidsCovered
Getting sick shouldn’t
lead to medical bankruptcy #DontCapMyCare
It is critical that we hold you responsible for ineptitude. Voting to debate a bill that you haven't read, no committee heard and not public
Vote no on trumpcare!!!! Don't turn your back on Ohio!
Who cares, most of us will be too sick or dead to worry about NK
Don't try to change the subject
I stole your photo! I didn't think you would mind.
Call Tillerson...oh wait...he is on vacation!  Wow... GOP in charge and a complete disaster! Sad!
Rob's desperate to change the subject. Sociopaths do that frequently when they are uncomfortable.
Way to find that virtue signaling sweet spot right after you voted to deny millions access to health care you have through taxpayers money.
The real terrorists are the GOP taking away Healthcare from the most vulnerable
How can you step up your efforts to stand up against Trump? You stood up for a man that members of the GOP admitted is crazy. Re: Boy Scouts
What about the peoplw of Ohio u r suppose to represent? Taking away their healthcare and killing them makes u just as bad
It is critcal to hold YOU responsible for the healthcare needs of Ohioans!! #Trumpcaredeathsquads  #portmancanbebought
You had a hand in taking away my child's healthcare. You will never have my vote again. Or her's.
Your vote today will kill more Americans than NK and Kim. Well done, patriot.
Dude, you just voted to strip healthcare from 20 million folks. Stop distracting us from your immorality with talk about NK.
Sadly, he is not up for re-election until 2022
Repealing Obamacare will kill more Americans in five years than the Korean War did.
North Korea can't launch a missile to rob 24 million people of their health. You voted today to kill more Americans than Kim ever will.
You're a disappointment. I'll wait to see how big of one when an actual bill is decided on.

But you're okay with taking Obamacare away from hundreds of thousands of Ohioans?
Close to one million people.
Wow, I didn't know that the number was that high.
About 725k on Medicaid expansion and another 175k in the subsidized individual market.
Oh my.   That's terrible.  Thanks for the info.

Today, I launched #TrumpCareStories.org—a website with videos of stories about the devastating consequences of #TrumpCare. 
It is critical that you don't kill us all by removing our health insurance.  But you don't care about that, so.....?

THE WORLD IS WATCHING! YOU ARE FAILING YOUR CONSTITUENTS, @senrobportman !

@NOFAindivisible , @maddow…
Opiate problem a thing of the past now that you let senate tax-cut/no-healthcare bill advance? Showing true colors, Senator. Very sad day

Make no mistake: this is a vote to *destroy* the insurance markets. https://twitter.com/lacaldwelldc/status/889849720104943616 …

Fox & Friends leaves out that Obamacare mother actually benefited from the law https://www.mediamatters.org/blog/2017/07/25/fox-friends-leaves-out-obamacare-mother-actually-benefited-law/217371 … #KillTheBill #TrumpCare 
