Just change the law so all Americans have the same health care as members of Congress--at the same cost.
Yes!
.@senrobportman S.109 pharmacist #providerstatus would help give access to those in need!!!!! Please cosponsor!
choose to benefit your constituents many of us would like to see you gone so choose wisely
as the replacementnt is written, people will surely die while others get tax breaks. We are better than that
what are the most vulnerable
So you can't be a fan of the proposed bill if you mean this
your going to hurt a lot of people in Ohio, Senator.
so does that mean you'll never get cancer, diabetes or get in a car accident or become injured?
Don't repeal. Re-install the safeguards Ryan and Co got rid of at initial ACA rollout.
healthy lifestyle doesn't =lack of injuries/illnesses. Why so uncaring abt others access?
state specifics:  Medicare expansion?  Preexisting conditions?  Guaranteed coverage vs access to coverage?
just fix Obama Care. I have pre-existing and need insurance, not just "access" to it. Protect all Ohioans
I'd stop tweets with that fat remark - Karma happens #SaveACA
How about just tweaking it, like adding a public option that promotes competition? Let's just call it Ameri-Care. 
If you repeal the ACA, you will not be re-elected.
Which populations are those, Mr.Senator?  I'm assuming my daughters will come to no harm from this policy.
RepubliCare is elitist and heartless. Every elected official who votes for it is personally responsible for its outcomes
Thank you for standing up for Ohioans.  I having 2 strong principled senators to make Ohio proud. @SenSherrodBrown
let's strengthen the ACA! Agree on Medicaid expansion.
Sir, if you're wanting to protect the most vulnerable, which is admirable, you're in the wrong party. @GOP=heartless=money1st
and the people you hurt will never ever forget or forgive you.
yes please protect seniors & the disabled. Refundable tax credit don't work for them. They can't afford health savings acct.
The new Healthcare Law will not do that at all. Will you stand by and let this happen? FIX #ACA and let people keep coverage!
I generate significantly more tax revenue for the state of OH b.c Medicaid existed and let me be safely low income in school.
Well, your record so far is 100% support for any and all things Trump. So this is no surprise...
...except that no rational person could support 100% of all things our lier-in-chief has said/done.
if you would deign to hold an actual town hall, you might change your mind -after meeting people willingly to imperil.
Yes everyone deserves health care you need to look out for us I will not vote for you if you do not
That balancing act seems hard..I'm impressed. While walking party line, keep constituents in mind. @senrobportman @TheDemocrats #Indivisible
the ACA has expanded #addiction treatment in OH. This new plan with hurt it. I thought you wanted to treat the epidemic. #aca
so you support higher cost for lower services? That's what this is just because you want to hurt the democrats. #SaveACA
great ideal but everyone who doesn't exercise & eat healthy costs us, texting while driving costs us... #addictionisadisease
I don't think universal coverage is impossible in the US. It's standard in most first world nations!
What? You mean just "opening up competition across state lines" isn't going to fix everything like Trump claimed?  Shocked!
ALL OF US are vulnerable if u repeal!Your 'replace' gives billions to ins companies & super rich & the rest of us get screwed
why not repair the ACA where we can choose a gov option like yours.Wouldn't that create more competition like you want?
This bill does not protect most vulnerable. Helps rich!!!! Your career depends on the stand you take. choose wisely
that's your replacement plan? Sad
when your insurance is the ACA instead of your current plan, well all trust your vote. #donotrepealobamacare
.@senrobportman Can you not just be direct & honest & explain that repeal is harmful & unnecessary? Make it better. Just make it better. Pls
but this isn't the answer. It only supports the insurance companies. Vote no and keep working to find a better way.
Grow some fuckin' balls & protect Ohio's Obamacare Medicaid 4 UR WORKING poor constituents. These R WORKING class folks!!
Just admit Obamacare sucks ass lol now you still want to hang on to a sinking ship lol perfect example of a liberal lol
thank you for writing the letter and for your integrity - Ohio is being severely affected by the opioid crisis
had you come to our town hall, we would have applauded you for this. Open, public townhall in C'bus in Apr, please!
appreciate your efforts to cover vulnerable populations. Help Trump fulfill his campagin promise of coverage for all.
The only true replacement that would be better is to let everyone participate in congressional health care #SinglePayer
why are you supporting this pettiness? You are better than this. Fix OCare. No need for repeal.
Already know, you are a "controllable" Rep. Unfortunately, you also support higher premiums and less opportunity for care.
Your tweet contradicts itself. Watching what you do
It does indeed and all of  #IndivisibleOH12 @OhioDistrict12 #TheResistance are watching. And we vote. And march. And call. And show up.
Your constituents don't support #repealandreplace. We support #defendandamend. You would know that if you took our calls.
why is making it worse the answer? Have you even read the proposed replacement? Country or party first? Truth in your actions
I applaud you standing up for the people covered by the Medicaid expansion especially opiate addicts
You understand those are opposite goals?
Your words say something completely different than your actions. Nobody believes you are other than a party-line voter.
Come to a Town-hall and tell my daughter why you dont want her father to live long enough to see her graduate. #LIAR
more Americans want to keep ACA than those who want it repealed.  But by all means, keep ignoring your constituents.
no mental health parity?  Is that good for people trying to recover from opioid addiction?  Help me understand how?
you own wealthcare and what happens to it.
.@senrobportman means health insurance CEOs and wealthy donors, I believe.
No one should lose healthcare due to ACA overhaul. Fix? Sure. Totally repeal? Probably no need to go that far.
You want to protect most vulnerable populations? DON’T REPEAL #ACA! You have NO working replacement!
.@senrobportman there are many middle-class & working individuals that you will be denying basic rights if you continue with repeal/ replace
then don't repeal and replace the ACA... not a difficult concept #braindead
This bill does nothing to protect those who need care most.  #GOPdeathpanels
why, because it's called Obamacare?  Lets keep it, tweak it, call it--the affordable care act? Or call it Portmancare?
you see merit. Improve #aca don't repeal for Ohio's sake!
.@senrobportman why do you support this unpopular move? Protect and improve #ACA, not repeal & replace. Let's discuss at a #TownHall 45701
To cover those with pre-existing conditions, need #ACA. So-called high-risk pools will leave many uninsured=death sentence.
single payer!!!!!!!
savings accounts and tax credits won't help anyone if you can't afford the premiums
lower costs, lower premiums, keep same people or more covered and people will support it. Make ACA better. Don't rip it up
You'll vote for it. You're just going on record pretending to care about the poor.
This is a monumental waste of your time.
we give use actual praise for standing up against Medicaid part, then u blow it with this tweet.  Party before country
After years without a reasonable replacement, why repeal? Especially without good vetting of the replacement. Foolish.
Listen to your constituents, don't repeal, just improve it. Btw, it is called #ACA not obamacare. Work for us, not the GOP
tweek what we have. You will be hurting the vulnerable!
don't hit working ppl w/higher cost, less care, higher taxes. Do not leave millions without coverage.
How about protecting middle class from bankruptcy due to health care expenses as well.
i am really concerned about a) people w/ pre-existing conditions b) cost of insurance for low income people ...
... c) maternity care and coverage of birth control.
Our options shouldn't be death or bankruptcy. Please save the ACA!
thank u for the first step in protecting the most vunerable...there is MUCH to be desired about a "replacement" #Obamacare
Just take Obama out of the name. People support the ACA #universalhealthcare #singlepayer
So you advocate stealing from one neighbor to pay for another neighbors health-care? ACA is unconstitutional.
Wrong! Don't repeal, improve!
how much will my silver plan cost under the proposed plan? Now and in 2020? Please be specific.
no lifetime caps, guaranteed coverage for preexisting conditions are vital parts of ACA
Why won't you listen to your constituents? Don't repeal, fix!  #medicareforall. BTW #russia. Speak Up!!
lucky for you, YOU don't depend upon it. #TownHall #MedicareForAll
Covering pre-existing conditions must continue with or without a lapse in coverage. Also, no lifetime caps please.
hope your listening?
will it be better? Improved?
@GOP repeal & replace will make millions of Americans vulnerable. Please stop playing politics w our health. #SaveACA
I hope you take the time to read these tweets.  Your constituents are calling you. 
LISTEN TO THEM, ROB!
come up with bipartisan tweek! It just needs a little fix   put people over party
Maybe when your son gets sick and is without insurance, you will find it in your heart to care for the ill.
Thank you! I am a single mom, college degree, working poor, have a handicapped son on Medicaid in Ohio. Will lose healthcare.
you have 113 replies, at this time, the majority of whom do not agree. Who do you represent? #HaveATownHall #ACA #DontHide
repeal/replace isn't necessary, just repair the parts that make it hard for small business so they can be productive.
repeal and disgrace! To make healthcare accessible to only the wealthy is disgraceful!
i would like to have the same health care that we PROVIDE for you
their comming out with trump care.. rich like it everybody else thinks it sucks
is that the sick, elderly, and those with conditions or does that mean your wealthy millionaire/billionaire friends?
Your constituents do not support it.
Also: the legislation is called the "Affordable Care Act." Be more mature than your far-right wing supporters.
Sure, good plan. So sponsor a SPECIFIC REPEAL PLAN and let's discuss pros/cons as a nation. Like last time!!
be remembered in history as the senator from Ohio who voted against party lines and stood up for the health of the people!
you are using double speak, you say people need health care but offer no plan.   Health care is a right not a handout.
let's repeal and replace YOU! We won't forget that you don't listen to your constituents.
: Thank you.
Families in health crisis shouldn't have to worry about the financial red tape. Will a voucher program provide peace of mind?
I'm a constituent in Lake County and do not support any repeal.
how by giving them a tax break?  People will die and you and your fellow republicans do not care.   What about Trump & Russia
Any thoughts on having an actual replacement in place before repeal. Because I haven't seen anything about that, yet.
it appears people who have a direct pay source now will have coupons. Perhaps the coupon covers your cancer or perhaps Not
LEAVE OUR HEALTHCARE ALONE
DO NOT TAKE MY PARTNER'S HEALTHCARE AWAY
What's the replacement then?
That is why you will NEVER get my vote.
Good first step. But go farther. Fix, don't repeal and replace. It'll be easier for you and will protect us.
So universal healthcare?
Why not just rename the ACA trumpcare? President Obama said no problem, and you won't suffer a bill named for a man you hate
At what cost and how many not covered? You guys refuse to answer.
what good is a tax write-off if you don't have the money to begin with Republicans are going to have to defend the people
@brownrbjr2002 watching this thanks
By "most vulnerable populations" you must mean "GOP lawmakers who need the Koch brothers' money." You are protecting yourself
then improve the ACA don't repeal it. Do you hear the words coming out of your mouth?
I appreciate the efforts and that you included two vulnerable populations like the mentally ill and addicted. Why RUSH!!!!
how much did the insurance companies and big pharma pay you?
Please fight to keep the Medicaid expansion for our most vulnerable in Ohio.
where's your plan?
Who knew it could be so complicated.
you republicans have it all backward.  Replace and THEN repeal. Don't throw the baby out with the bathwater.
thank you for signing on to this letter.
It is shameful that repubs have nothing ready to go 6 yrs later.....SHAMEFUL!!!
when we are sick, we are all vulnerable! The American people should receive the same level of healthcare you do at same cost!
how about repeal and replacing your health insurance do your job investigate the Russian connection demand tax returns
fix the ACA. Don't waste tax payer time on repeal. If there were a better replace it would've been put forward already.
I support efforts to repeal and replace you. It'll be a couple of years, but I'm fully committed and highly motivated.
please define "most vulnerable." Then vote NO if the replacement doesn't protect them. Otherwise, your words are meaningless
Is it possible to change the order to replace and repeal? Having 'repeal' first adds to nervousness.
don't be a rino
Work to fix ACA! You had 6 years to come up with a better health plan, what I have read it will not protect the vulnerable!
And you sir will be voted out because of your actions. smh
lol #backpedal
without #ACA  we are all vulnerable, just 1 scary diagnosis away from financial ruin. Ban lifetime spending caps!
Lifetime spending caps can be reached in 1-2 weeks with a vry preemie baby. could greatly influence care decision.
government was never meant to pay for everyone's healthcare
repeal and replace!! The only good thing about it was the pre existing clause. People don't realize it was a scam at best
AMEND it Bob. Jump off the GOP "repeal bandwagon" Be a leader here Bob. Have a #portmantownhall and listen to us
protect all Ohioans. Tweak it.
you're not representing the people of your state. Ohioans want the ACA. if you listened to us you'd know that. Shame.
A) then that is not repealing it and B) you voted for it last year. so stop lying
We are all vulnerable when we become sick, Senator.
is protecting the most vulnerable what the ACA does?
I am a constituent with Cystic Fibrosis.  My care costs $500,000 per year.  How will you protect me?
stop straddling. Medicaid expansion a huge part of ACA.  So why equivocate?  Why also say you want repeal?
Why do you have to repeal? That just opens too many potential problems,just tweak it a bit. Call it trump care if that
helps you feel better. just make a sure everyone has actual healthcare not just theoretical "access" to it.
Will you change your mind if one of your children loses their health insurance?
Hold on Sparky.. I'd say you first have more pressing matters than taking away people's health coverage, don't you think?
The vulnerable population = the Middle Class who have to pay for the masses of people who don't work but can. Repeal it!
we, the middle class, pay for it when people don't have any coverage.
the people who voted for repeal won get on with it
After years of complaining,  where is this replacement plan?  Where's the beef?
Trump Administration Has Zero Compassion for Anyone. ..Shameful Disregard for Democracy and Human Life. ..
Have you seen it? What will you do to protect the most vulnerable? Who do you consider the most vulnerable?
its a good thing Kasich is governor and will do what he has to to protect ALL Ohioans,,,
All the population is valuable, sir. All of us deserve health care. We the People are watching how you vote.
stop mandate, stop fines. Stop making insurance companies richer with this mess
don't need to repeal and replace. Do your job and fix it. Oh, and call for an independent investigation of the Cheeto. Thx
and you (R) all have had that plan ready to go now for....what?  3 1/2, 5 years.....still waiting    SAD! Pitiful you all (R)
No you don't.
Taking $51,000 from DeVos shows what you really care about.
Oh, and it's the Affordable Care Act (ACA). ACA & "Obamacare" are the same thing. I mean, really Rob, games are for children.
you're starting to sound like you have buyer's remorse Rob.
your actions will actually make me vulnerable where as now I am insured through exchange since 2014
Which will not happen with a replacement plan that lacks pre-existing protection and funding (and a mandate).
why not just improve it?  I appreciate this but can't you just do what's right for Americans and improve what's already there
That's a blatant  contradiction.
oh good Lord!  The citizenry doesn't want repeal, make it work. It's got good bones, tweak it. Have #portmantownhall to hear.
just because you want to protect medicaid doesn't mean i'll vote for you, KEEP ACA, expand coverage FOR ALL
I have a job that insures me and go to gym, have u ever heard of pre-existing conditions or lifetime limits or pregnancy?
@senrobportman u are actually my problem when u get old & sick so I want u to receive care before it's too late
