glad you could find the time to watch basketball after voting to rid people of their healthcare, good on ya
@sarahnickiii18 @senrobportman @cavs SCREAMING
you know I like basketball but not as much as I like people having healthcare 
was this before or after your attempt to delay repealing Obamacare?
PLEASE START WORKING FOR US. WE LIVE IN MASON OHIO AND ARE VOTERS.
omg disgusted
U should have voted to not abandon the ACA... but what do you care about your constituents?
You SCROOGE. Thanks for scrooging the American people while you have guaranteed benefits for life. @msnbc @CNN @JoyAnnReid
Congratulations on your effort to kill fellow Ohioans and being able to catch a game while doing it. #saveACA
Unfortunately he backed down from pushing repeal date to March.
you hated gays until your son came out as gay. I think it will take your family getting sick before you care about us
won't matter to him.He has excellent insurance.
I'm sure the Don will reward you for hurting millions of people.  You suck
wow, I find you a weak spined RINO and the left still hates you. That's what all that "bipartisan" nonsense gets you. Lol
Up voting to strip away benefits that all Americans benefit from.
Looks like you will be voted out! Go Cavs! Bye Portman! Win win
This is an embarrassing tweet. It clearly shows how lightly you took that late night, secretive decision to #ACARepeal
Why don't you get to work on a plan to cover the 20 million citizens you and your buddies just screwed over instead...#SaveACA
ah yes, keep your eyes on the INSURED people. Ignorance is bliss.
Hey senator tell us women folk since you voted to repeal ACA, will your office be offering free annual checkups?
#SaveACA
And millions will lose their health insurance. What's sad is, many will suffer or die due to no affordable health insurance
Gee killing us sure is hard work isn't it
how about you stop voting to take away people's healthcare? How about that?
You are taking insurance aware from my grandson. Pre-existing condition.
WHY? Why did you just give me the death penalty?  I need the pre-existing condition clause in order to have insurance.
awesome you caught the game. Why dont you stop voting against us and keep the ACA. My moms life depends on it
As a constituent in Ohio, WE need a plan in place BEFORE you repeal #ACA. #preexistingconditions DEPEND on YOU! #SaveACA
.@senrobportman @cavs What fun for you while you #MakeAmericaSickAgain!
I would advise everyone to call Sen Portman like I did and report back here with comments.
His  # is (202) 224-3353
I just called
Don't care if you like Cavs, Reds, Bucks, or dare I say, Michigan. I care if you voted to take away healthcare from Ohioans!
Agreed! Don't let our calls keep you from enjoying your late night of hurting those in need. #SaveACA
stop talking about the @cavs  When you do, they lose
Awesome that you can chill out and enjoy yourself while working so hard to screw over poor people
you're repealing ACA over an additional $100? Do you realize that leaving no heathcare is much much more? $100? Really?
Goody. Found time to watch the game in b/t pissing contests, removing HC for millions & hi-5'ing your comrades! Noble.
Why don't you listen and respond to what your constituents want and not the big money that fills your pockets. Many need you
I hope you get voted out, can't find a new gig, develop heart disease, spend your life savings treating it, and die penniless
tosser

did you find your conscience and vote against taking away millions of Americans' health insurance?
good to know you were entertained while endangering peoples' lives you fucking scumbag
AND I JUST READ THAT YOU VOTED TO INCREASE THE NATIONAL DEBT BY 50% WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
wow really important as lives hang in the balance... #SaveACA
ARE YOU READING THESE TWEETS - OR JUST FOLLOWING #DONTHECON
screwing Ohioan's 665,900 are on ACA - why did you hide in the middle of the night?
thanks for voting to kill me
watching the cavs while screwing the country
Unforgivable night to take away health care from millions. #Indivisible
Your office  staff said you wouldn't vote to repeal ACA unless u had a replacement. YOU LIED! Where's the replacement

If GOP Senators actions against the #ACA cause the death or harm, can they be impeached? #SavetheACA #TrumpCareKills http://ln.is/www.senate.gov/refer/YOyF1 …
So you're watching basketball while in between Voting to take away Americans healthcare.
Voting late tonight here in the Capitol. Found time to catch the champs in action during a quick break. Go @cavs! 
or you could come up with a plan to prevent Ohioans like myself from being discriminated against by insurance companies
fffffuck you, ghoul
thank you for voting down an amendment that would save money for average citizens on prescription drug prices. Good job.
So happy to know you're being productive and not ACTIVELY PUTTING MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY IN HARM'S WAY, you know, like you did
How you can calmly sit and watch bball while you just voted so many people to lose healthcare?  #Disgusting
So relieved you found the time to watch basketball while voting to take away my right to healthcare! Thanks, Senator!
Did you vote to protect CHIP?
Please have another plan before repealing the #ACA. The risk is too high to play politics with. Be a leader not a follower.
Thanks for voting to kill me I have a preexisting condition .As long as I pay your health care its OK right
Nothing like voting to repeal the health care of 20+ million without having a plan of your own. Must feel good.
While cowardly voting to kill me and other Ohioans in the middle of the night. Disgraceful
-because you couldn't sleep after voting to deny health care to millions of Ohioans? Glad you're able to make light of that.
.@senrobportman @cavs voting to kill millions of your fellow citizens #SaveACA
Do you feel Sen. Portman is listening or representing you?

I went to:
https://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/contact-form …
and filled out the form to request a phone call.
Here's what I wrote...
Your office tells me I have to schedule a time  to actually speak to my Senator, so I would like to ask you...
to please take a few minutes of your time away from raping our healthcare and voting in communist sympathizers...
to actually speak to one of your constituents.
I can be reached at (937) ***-**** any time.
Thank You
Lebron voted for Hillary.
Btw can I send my son's health care bills to you? Just like you, I have no plan for replacement.
Thanks for posting this. I'll save it and use it REPEATEDLY to ensure your defeat.
ANOTHER OF YOUR CONSTITUENTS TELLING YOU TO LEAVE OUR RIGHT TO HEALTHCARE ALONE!
Listening to us?
Working hard, I see.Believe me, I will be working hard to make sure you are NOT re-elected in 6 years!
relaxing while taking away healthcare from 30 million people. 
#ACA #acaworks
Senate Takes Major Step Toward Repealing Health Care Law http://nyti.ms/2imFl9Z 
Working hard voting against protecting SS and stealing ACA from people in Ohio
Should we ask Lebron and Cavs how they feel about taking ACA away from millions of people.
The reason my partner is alive is because ACA insurance is paying for upkeep of a glucose meter to keep him that way.
He is young, vibrant, owns a thriving small business that employs several Ohioans.
Also, he's a crazy @cavs fan.
But none of that matters to you, does it?
You honestly don't care if he (or millions of other Americans in similar circumstances) live or die.
Because — face the facts Sen. Portman — people *will* die. From preventable things.
There will be funerals and shattered car glass and people crying on holidays.
And, when that happens, neither the big R by your name or the phrase "just doing my job" will be sufficient excuse for you.
voting late in the night to leave millions of Americans without insurance. Glad ur having a good time.
Voting in the dead of night to eliminate health care for millions is heartless and a cowardly act!
Shame on you for your healthcare vote last night. My grandsons life depends on this insurance. You are a coward!
You just voted to take my family's health care and harmed millions of Americans in the middle of night. Unforgivable.
You and Repubs have had years to help improve ACA. You did nothing. Now you vote to set up repeal. Shame. I'll be voting 2018
Please choose people and #healthcare over party. No repeal without replacement. #coveragematters #livesmatter
And what exactly is the replace? And when is this happening?
What is your replacement plan for the ACA?
so disappointed why you just did to healthcare #MakeAmericaSickAgain. I'm a Mom with a parent on ACA who is had cancer !
What a super fun thing to do while you attempt to destroy lives! Yay!
my T1 son will depend on ACA do not vote to repeal. #ohio
how do you think @KingJames would feel about you voting to eliminate health care from almost 1 million Ohioans?

Applying the term "pre-existing condition" to people is evil. We are not damaged objects, we are human beings.
if it takes every ounce of life I can squeeze out of my chronically sick self I'll work to make this is your last term
you care nothing for your constituents. You are obviously owned by your donors. The Koch brothers, NRA & oil.
close to Putin. And he thinks of people as capital not humans. And now we know who you are Senator Portman.
we know you voted to get rid of our healthcare. We know you went easy on Tillerson today even though he's clearly too
most of the Cavs don't support you or your racist friends.
Embarrassed to be one of your constituents tonight. You should be ashamed
I guess you won't have a change of heart on this issue until one of your children is poor and insuranceless, right?
.@NutherNikki @senrobportman don't hold ur breathe. He supported/voted for a man who will eagerly take rights away from his gay son.
Hope the people that won't have heath insurance appreciate your time watching b'ball. @senrobportman @cavs
find a backbone and vote against sessions while you're at it
But couldn't find time to pledge to support Medicare or Social Security. Sad!
// Looks like a pretty bare bones hideaway, senator
Senator, when will you or your staff find time to return my phone calls?
how did you vote on preserving coverage for people with preexisting conditions?
