So had Merrick Garland. @SenateGOP stole that seat. We will not forget and GOP will not control Senate forever. #StolenSeat
No! Vote no! Listen to your constituents for once.
No not while so many are in with RUSSIA. Hold off.
Disagree. And what are we going to do about POTUS blaming Obama for Syria attacks? He never mentioned Russia. Stop enabling him.
Amen. It's like they don't care what @realDonaldTrump does or says, As long as he a Good Old Boy. It's sick.
This seat was stolen by a corrupt GOP owned by @Heritage . Gorsuch should remove his name if he's an honest judge. #ConfirmGarland #SCOTUS
Gorsuch is not the moderate, bipartisan justice the American people deserve. Give us a better nominee.
We have to fire the lot of them.  They've forgotten they work for us.  DEADLINE: 2018.  @SENROBPORTMAN get your resume ready.
No!
Dems are idiots & this proves it. Hope none of them get reelected or elected if running. Th
So did garland
We don't want gorsuch.  You work for us.  2018 is the deadline.
NO, just NO! Why won't you listen to your constituents and seek truth instead of party allegiance?
Sue - he never does. Rob toes the party line for fear of getting challenged by a more conservative Ohioan. It's a pattern w him.
The Senate supposed to be bipartisan! An embarrassment. Insult to fore father's. #indivisible
Dem nominee was blocked. Gorsuch rushed in for vote.  Election under investigation for Russian interference.  Are there some Amer. Repub?
Supreme court is nit 4 sale !!!! Ohio wants you to vote no !
So did Garland. So why didn't you give him a hearing?  Hypocritical Republican ploys ignoring the Constitution.No wonder I abandoned the GOP
Mr. Portman why ask us and the Dems for support when you shot down the Dems nominee and you didn't even give them a hearing. Hmmm?
#nogorsuck
Hey, Rob! Are you there? Rob, we're talking to YOU! Rob, it's not a dream! Wake up, Rob! Vote NO!
Vote NO for corporate favoritism! Vote NO on Gorsuch for #SCOTUS!
Ask yourself this: has he earned the respect of your constituents?
He know the answer is NO, but he does care. Can't wait till we can vote this guy out. He's no moderate.
Apparently, we are not paying attention to the same lawyers, judges, editors etc Gorsuch is bad for women, labor, the disabled, & minorities
You filibustered Garland for over a year, why aren't the Democrats entitled to do the same thing? Don't go nuclear!
And so did Merrick Garland!
As your constituent, I say NO.
OHIOANS- who vote say NO to Gorsuch. Why don't you listen to us? Do we not matter anymore? #ChangeTheNominee not the Rules.
Disagree. #ModerateJusticeNeeded
He votes in favor of corporations over your working class constituents. Vote no or vote no nuke option
This is not good for our country. The Supreme Court nominee should be required to have a super majority.
You mean as he tells law students to ask female employees illegal questions about their family planning?
But unfortunately, he has been nominated by a POTUS under FBI investigation. Postpone the vote until the FBI investigation is finished.
Hes not earned the respect of the one group that matters its THE PEOPLE. When he rules against a trucker that chose LIFE his ruling Business
Nope. A corporation is not a person. Merrick Garland is a person who didn't get a hearing. NO, NO, NO.
No no no no. No
Amen.
Are you not listening to us? We are saying NO
Except for when plagiarized other attorney's work?
Only one person can fill Garland's seat, you better vote No on #NuclearOption
And now after closer scrutiny and 10 yrs in a higher court he's earned fair criticism on his disregard for individual rights.
Hello?! MERRICK GARLAND. 
You represent me. NO to Gorsuch.
Don't forget 9 out 10 plagiarists.
Vote No ! Vote No !!!!!
Change your mind. NO on Gorsuch. He is not just. Not for US. Do not use nuclear option.
#racistgop represent the MotherLoving PEOPLE!!!!! #StopGorsuch said one must freeze to death in order to keep one's job! #TheResistance
Why can't @SenSherrodBrown  cut  Democratic puppet strings, stop playing politics & cast a vote FOR Judge Gorsuch? Time to man UP Vote Yes!
That's because the only ones he screwed were regular Americans!
Change your mind. NO on Gorsuch.  He is not just. He is not for US.
You are a partisan hack
Illegitimate President  illegitimate nominee.  #GOPwaragainstworkingclass
So had Garland.  #GOPwaragainstwomen  you said no nuclear option.  Guess we should get used to Trump /GOP lies!
supreme Court judges are vetted the same way only you Republican made us wait over a year to get someone and  now you want to change rules
No president under investigation for treason should be permit to make changes to SCOTUS or government
But not the respect of the people he's presided over; his record shows anti female rights and pro big business. It's the people who matter
if you would hold a proper town hall you would learn a large segment of your constituents want you to oppose Gorsuch.
And yet, he plagiarized.
He should soon be losing that respect due to plagiarizing. Not a good model for SCOTUS seat to be occupied by someone who'd behave thus.
Can we expand upon this "more" comment?
He has backed corp interests against hard working people in EVERY decision. A vote for Gorsuch BETRAYS US, Rob. Don't do it. @SenateGOP
Those must be some super alt-right folks, or those that have been paid from the 7 MILLION from undisclosed sources financing his nomination
Yeah, Merrick Garland, too.
no he has not, how about the plagiarism charge. did you check it out? no confirmation until  investigation over russia is ended & now this
Respect is different than wanting him to be on #SCOTUS.  Not all lawyer organizations support him.  #NoToGorsuch
Just heard your statement; the nuclear option has no defense -- Don't change the rules, #ChangeTheNominee. #NoOnGorsuch
Ironically, you have lost the respect of those things &more since you've become #rubberstampRob. #CountryOverParty #independentinvestigation
Irrelevant. No confirmation until #independentinvestigation. #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS #donotkillthefilibuster #nonuclearoption #listentoUS
What RU missing here? No confirmation until #independentinvestigation. #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS #donotkillthefilibuster #areyouwithusorRussia
Stop pretending you follow the rules.  #ConfirmGarland
Judge Gorsuch doesn't have 60 votes! Change the nominee, not the rules! #nonuclearoption #donotkillthefilibuster #playbytherules #noGorsuch
Please-don't go nuclear for the pick of an illegitimate president who's under investigation. This is a lifetime appointment!
Actually he hasn't. SCOTUS crushed one of his decisions during his hearing! Don't yes only because trump does. RESEARCH - part of your job!
"That is absurd." ~Sen. Al Franken~
Nice appeal to authority, but any judge who believes corporations are people doesn't deserve the seat.
But the key though is your constituents do not feel the same #voteNo
and last night lost the respect of academics
He is for big business and not the common man.
No No No No No
Dont you want to say you opposed @POTUS on at least one thing?

#StopGorsuch

@SenJeffMerkley is a real leader and hero of #TheResistance
No confirmation before investigation.
Confirmation should be delayed until Russia scandal has been thoroughly investigated. #noprobenorobe 44811
same for Merrick Garland
At least Obama wasn't being investigated by the FBI
Gorsuch committed plagiarism. It's out now, and that should nullify his nomination.
Speaking of plagiarism, Meredith McIver is still missing. (Pls RT)
Really?  Name them.
NO
#NoNuclearOption
Protects corporations, not people. I can not respect that. This is not who the people want on the supreme court. Wake up! Serve the people!
Again.  You're not listening to your constituents. Oh sorry, I forgot!  You're constituents is big business.
So has Merrick Garland. You own this nuclear option.
He is a poor choice to protect people. All about corporations, businesses, etc. Vote NO!
He also likes to plagiarize and loves big business...i cant wait to vote for whoever runs against you
Mr Portman, he will side against women, the average worker, and WITH big business!  Mr. Garland is the right choice!!
I am a constituent and I DEMAND you vote no. Why should a traitor be allowed to pick? Illegitimate president. Remember Merrick Garland?
Boo
He plagiarized! As a SCOTUS nominee he should be beyond reproach. This is not a partisan issue. Cheaters should bever win.
*never
I don't think you're paying attention.. Focus, Rob, focus. Stop wasting time.
not according to the 15 hour testimonY @SenJeffMerkley BEAUTIFULLY gave!  YOU SUCK PORTMAN, OHIO IS WATCHING AND YOUR CAREER IS OVER!
Further, those opposed to this nominee represent more of the population than those that support it. We don't want gorsuch.
I asked you to post a video promoting why Gorsuch was a better choice than Garland. This is not that video.
Stop the rhetoric already!  You're trying to mask the Republican politics headed by ur buddy McConnell!  2018!!!
If Gorsuch can't get 60 votes, don't blow up senate rules for Donald Trump - remember the well respected Merrick Garland? #NoNuclearOption
#ConfirmGarland
THIS OHIOAN DISAGREES. VOTE NO!
Judge Gorsuch has been outed as a plagiarist so the ed boards are probably rethinking that. Way to draw attention Twitter staffer.
Too bad the GOP didn't give a certain other justice a chance. Less about Gorsuch, more about them.
Yes, corporations love him!
Gorsuch literally chose corporate profits over a person's life w/ #FrozenTrucker  You feel Americans should give their lives 4 job, Senator?
GOP, Party of Thieves
Two words; Merrick Garland.
And you continue to lose the respect of your constituents. You're a spineless, party-line-toeing, corprorate shill.
He's also a plagarist; and doesn't give a crap about disabled kids.
Way to go Portman !!! Proud of our Senator from Ohio. Keep it going so Gorsuch can be confirmed this week.
Nope
So did Garland
@SenJeffMerkley has earned my respect for standing up for what's RIGHT for our country.
