If only we could believe you. We've been saying work across the aisle for months. Thanks for finally agreeing with us. Or is it lip service?
Most of the problems associated with the ACA have been created by the GOP's refusal to work with President Obama to improve the law and...
...Trump's executive orders making insurers want to pull out of markets so they don't lose money. Created the problem and blamed the Dems.
You love #Trump Portman. You will always be remembered as #Trumps poodle.
You have done NOTHING to work together to improve the ACA. You voted FOR higher premiums for all and stealing coverage from 16 million.
After your vote, I wish I could turn back time and vote Strickland. 2022 we will remember
All I hear is blah blah I don't care blah blah
We're coming for you, Rob.
What you voted for would have drastically raised premiums on the middle class, so no more lies, senator.  Fix & fund the ACA.
Remember how you voted for a bill that you didn't want to see become law? That was cool.
Empty rhetoric, blah blah blah. Action is what matters. I'll believe you're working across the aisle to improve the ACA when I see it.
You already made your statement with your vote, and it was reprehensible.
Robs Ohio Portman is the example of deplorable, dishonest, and simply a bought out suit.
Stop puting party over country, stop puting parting over continuance. Fix whats wrong with the ACA instead of reinventing the damn system.
Partisan, Spineless Hypocrite!!!
You god damn COWARD!
You are shameful
"Proceeding towards a House-Senate conference" can happen without a vote. Pushing that garbage through the Senate would've been a disaster.
You voted to cut healthcare already. Why trust you now?
Oh now you want to work together???  You voted to repeal last night.  You lost and now you want to make nice.  What a concept... together!
Let's face it, you are in favor of single payer aren't you?
You are a complete disappointment! RINO Rob
Why would you vote on a bill that was so bad, a promise needed to be made that it would never become law? Shame on you.
Lie (as usual)
You weren't sent to DC to fill a seat, but to serve people.  the economic stress & lack of health care of the middle class is on you.  Shame
And that is why "Dispicipable P" voted yes on a 2 hour old bill at midnight with no discussion. Doesn't sound like working together.
Yes FIX WHAT EXISTS. Work w Dems/Ind 2 create a HC program that everyone wants 2 participate in~including u & ur fam. Rep/Rep is ego driven
Here is my statement:  kick rocks
If only you believe what you say. FIX #ACA & SAVE #OHIO lives.
Did see you working to make that happen just following the party. Ohioans don't need a company man, we need a man of the people.
@senrobportman here was your statement BEFORE you were elected. Shame on you for betraying Ohioans for voting AGAINST a simple repeal!
Can we get a viable candidate to face him in the primary? Please?
Will not read it. You ignored our Republican Governor.
We don't want towel-throwing! We want you to improve the ACA so it works better for all. This should be a bipartisan effort.
Yet you voted for skinny.  All will remember this foolish mistake.  Better to work together is always the best way.  DonTcare failed, loser.
Then try working to IMPROVE THE EXISTING program instead of partisan games.
You are saying this now after a white male Republican committee has worked for weeks behind closed doors? We are done with you.
Statemnts will only be considered when given at a #REALTownHallNOW. Your statemnts carry no weight, you do whatever serves you. We know now.
Wait...so you mean #SkinnyBill u voted for was going to do all that? No it wasn't. We needed you and felt left behind. Heartbreaking really
"A glide path?" To cutting Medicaid? You coward. Don't lecture us on responsibility. You failed to come up w a better plan. Leave it alone.
The North[east Ohio] remembers.
You literally voted yes for the bill the second after McCain killed it. You could have saved face but still chose to bend to your masters.
Wowza, $45B in opioid funding. Thanks for attempting to secure a drop in the bucket.
TFW you show you're a big sellout and the thing doesn't even pass anyway
you are an extremely bad Senator
If only we believed that you mean those words. But they ring hollow. Hiding from us didn't work. Maybe hold a #TownHall?
Town hall, please.
Ur actions speak louder than words:u voted 2 raise premiums by 20%,take coverage from millions,& gut protections 4 w/preexisting conditions.
Actions Rob, your words are meaningless.
You know it wasn't going to conference..the house would have pushed thru as is straight to Trump.
You keep talking about a "bipartisan" effort, but you have supported a closed door, secretive process, without real debate or dialogue.
You can't pretend to care now, Portman. Damage is done.
You should have been "working together" with the dems all along instead of co-signing onto this dumpster fire of a bill
U voted 4 deceptive takeaway bill. Still sounds like u want to gut Medicaid. End deception, work w Dems, SMEs, public 4 true bipartisan fix
.@senrobportman after reading your statement, I can't help but think, what a blazing idiot. What part of 17% approval missed your brain?
You don't get it. We don't want a repeal. We want the sabotaging reversed and improvements made the the current plan. Why don't you get this
What you voted for was LESS than the current plan and it was damaging. Why don't you get it?
So courageous.   Real profile of courage.
The time for a statement about working together was before you voted yes for that turd last night, Rob. You're a follower, not a leader.
You also released a statement saying you'd never vote on a bill not scored by the CBO, so why should I believe this statement?
The crazy thing is you must know you're wrong. There's tons of evidence. But you keep doing the demonstrably wrong things.
We can't fund healthcare for US citizens but we can afford $1.6 billion on a downpayment on DJT's wall?  Shameful.
Here are four quick win solutions http://www.urban.org/urban-wire/how-stabilize-nongroup-insurance-markets-four-easy-steps …
Tired of stmts on intentions and goals. Meaningless until you actually do something. Tweet about what you are doing not what you hope to do
Stop it.....you had your chance.  We know what you're all about now
But yet you voted yes last night. That vote was against every Ohioan.
If you really believed this, you wouldn't have voted as you did
You are not working together! You are keeping progress from happening! Resign Portman... you are useless to help Trump with his promises
Too late, Porto. You let Ohioans down yet again. We will not forget. Enjoy your last term in the Senate.
Shame on you @senrobportman #FixACA
Today is not the day to hear u @senrobportman Tomorrow not good either. You were elected to represent #WomensMarch
Mr. Senator, while I appreciate the lip service I must point out that this complexity of legis without hearings was never a real effort.
Democrats want single payer, the same system that murdered Charlie Gard in the UK!!  Working together means murdering people!
You are gutless, mr Portman.
We asked you to do that and you ignored us. You don't get to pretend you're a hero for saying this now after your "yes" vote last night.
You voted party over people. I'm pretty sure there's a large group of Ohioans who will remember that when they hit the voting booth.
You were prepared to throw 16 million American off their health insurance and jack up premiums by 20% to score political points. You suck.
Frustrated w/ Portman?  He's not up for reelection, but contribute to campaigns against vulnerable candidates: https://m.dailykos.com/stories/2017/7/25/1674338/-Want-to-take-immediate-revenge-on-Senate-Republicans-who-voted-to-destroy-health-care-Here-s-how … #ohio
Oh, NOW you want to work together?! You're a joke! We'll never forget you selling your soul!
We won't forget your vote.
Universal health care!  No more "for-profit" medical or insurance companies!
Just your opinion Rob. Can you qualify any of your political retoric?
"We can do better", you say. Then get to work but this time find a bipartisan solution instead of narrowly focusing on your personal agenda.
Sorry (and pardon my French), but this is a complete load of horseshit. You don't care one wit for working together OTHERWISE YOU WOULD HAVE
Passing something w hope house wouldn't move it to signature is foolish. Nothing prevents senate and house meeting for solutions wo bill.
You let us down.
Ha! You're a joke. Where were you yesterday? Hiding under a rock counting your special interest cash? #corrupt #spineless
Gee - working across the aisle - what a novel concept. Get it done - that's what we sent you to Washington to do.
Dereliction of duty. U voted yes to this: 16M lose coverage, 6M lose employer based coverage, 43M uninsured & $179B deficit. #VotePortmanOut
NOW you want to "work together!" I'm not buying this. Neither should your constituents.
And where in hell was all of this 7yrs ago ........ NOW you have all the answers ....
To not be moved and convinced by that.  What to do.  You're a shill, you have no conscience. Exhibit A. Good luck being a lobbyist soon
As an OH voter & MD who called dozens of times and spoke w ur staff too, I know u did not try 2 work together b4. So why would u now?
Why can't you work with the dems to make the ACA work?  It's what the majority of Ohio and the United States want.
listen to mccain, he wants to do the right thing. call brown up and off to work with him on healthcare
He's 80, battling cancer and thinkin bout his legacy. I might die so I don't want to be remembered for this. And votes NO! Jesus Christ man
You are not a leader, a mere follower. Your vote proves it. OH deserves better.
Are u starting to remember now whom u actually work for?  It's not pharma or ins. Companies. Fix what is wrong with ACA, not destroy lives
You should have been working with the Dems all along instead of working in secrecy. ACA is flawed, but can be fixed. Fix it.
You had the gall to make that vote after appearing at VeloSano on Saturday. How many cancer patients at the Cleveland clinic would have
Lost their insurance or been unable to afford coverage if that had passed?  I was there Saturday and I rode the 50, I am also a cancer
I love everyone who has commented on this post. 
Your days will be numbered in office no matter what you do you can never live this down
No vote your ass out is my answer  u swinn
And don't tell us this crap you care about Ohioians you proved how much you cared by voting yes for the health bill
Start meeting with Ohioans and see our problems Start putting us first
I'm sorry, I knew you'd probably cave to ur money. But I just watched the video where John McCain voted no. You were 2nd in line. Heartless!
A small group in the house is way ahead of you. Maybe try following their lead?
Reach Across the Aisle and work for the people not your party or special intrests For all the people for Ohio
You voted to destroy a healthcare that is helping millions. It needs work. So walk over to the dems and bring a pencil!
I am a constituent. Please work with Dems to improve ACA. Stand up to Trump and don't be complicit in undermining ACA further. Thank you.
It's amazing how republicans talk about getting rid of the burdens for Americans of Obama care but yet they keep them in place
Since we elected you, haven't heard you talk about how ACA is killing middle class. You have forgotten us in your fight!
Your linky no worky
It's blank. One of his more eloquent statements.
That's not blank. It's skinny.
got to be kidding me you're a joke McCain voted no so you had to go and vote yay your excuses no longer count you're a liar pic u voted for
No, Senator.  You no longer get a voice in this discussion.  You voted against straight repeal, and yet I have seen your campaign promises.
Yeah- if u REALLY felt that way u would have voted NO, instead u caved to GOP pressure on a terrible bill even they didn't want to be law.
Please reach across the isle to fix ACA or , your not going to like it, but Univeral Health Care. President said its the best in the world
You and the GOP have had 7 YEARS to work with Dems to improve the ACA. But it's never too late to start. "Hello, Money? Meet Mouth."

You'll "continue working with [your] colleagues on both sides of the aisle"? I don't recall a bipartisan effort so far. But yes, please do.
Then why did you vote Yes yesterday?
How could you run on repeal Obama care but when you get the chance for clean repeal you and 5 other of your republicans stop the repeal.
Swamp creature tactics.  Vote him out!
Nope, no one cares anymore dude. 
He violated the will of Ohioans.   Vote him out!
You talk a good game and never come through for Ohio. Every proposed "solution" so far has been beyond garbage and yet you vote for it.
Vote him out!
No one cares what you SAY.  You were to DO what we sent you to do- kill Obamacare and replace!  You made your choice.  Boo Hiss to you
Your cowardice shows through. No doubt a lot of Ohioans experiencing voters' remorse.
Work together?  What a novel idea rob. Sad it took total failure before you realized the value in that concept
You voted for awful partisan proposals and already demonstrated your callous disregard for thousands of Ohioans. Ohio remembers.
You cook up an atrocity of a bill in secret with 12 other white GOP males and have the gall to talk about "reaching across the aisle?"
Maybe you should talk less and listen more. Stop ignoring your constituents. Ready to #UnseatTheSellout in 43026, 1928 days!
Im with you in 43138.... Ill be hopefully the FIRST in line here in Logan, Ohio to vote him OUT!
Blah, blah, blah. Too bad your solution didn't work last night! You have no idea what your constituents want, and you don't care.
You don't seek healthcare solutions that benefit Ohioans. You put the interests of your donors above those of your constituents.
Surprise me.  Do something real to improve my situation.  #FixTheACA WITH the Dems.
Oh Rob, your page did not update in time. It's blank. How come you and the Democrats have not been working together for the last 8 years?
The Koch brothers would be proud of you. Most Ohioans, not so much.
You're a coward to have gone along with what was proposed last night.
Why is it you voted for a bill that would benefit no one before pushing for a bipartisan approach. Shouldn't you have started there? #inept
If this is really what you want, single payer covers ALL Ohioans with lower premiums- you just won't get rich in the process
You voted for repeal 1 year ago then voted against it this week.  You lied to get elected. Huge deception to Ohioans.
Actions of a Swamp Creature -  paid off and sold Ohioans out!
Your statements are a waste of breath. You've clearly chosen your lobbyists over Ohioans.
This process was an insult to the American people. You and your caucus need to remember who you are supposed to be  working for.
No one cares about your political BS statement.  Your job was to Repeal and replace obamacare. You failed because you wanted to CYA
#WaitingforPortman to fix his #FridayFailure about his #BAD #SkinnyRepeal vote. Let's #RepealAndReplaceRob. Also, #ThisIsTooManyHashtags.
I replied to @embena over 20 minutes ago that the link wasn't working, and you still tweeted it? Super competent staff you've got there.
After your vote, I will be voting for any animal, vegetable or mineral that runs against you.  PS that page is blank.
You disgraced the Senate this morning, Rob. You owe Ohio an apology for misrepresenting us.
Wait... are you actually trying to convince us you want a healthcare system that covers MORE Ohioans???
You could have visited every hospital in seven goddamned years. Every patient group, every Dr. group, every pharma group. NADA. NOTHING.
We expect you to work with @SenateDems to fix problems with current healthcare law instead of continuing to waste time on political theater.
HELL NO
You do NOT work on behalf of Ohioans. Good try though.
I kind of thought this is what your statement would be. Not really more you can say. You sold us out. We won't forget.
.@senrobportman Skinny Repeal did NOT do the things you have in your statement.  Why did you cast your vote last night for THAT bill?
Shame on you for voting yes on that garbage bill. Ohio voters see you.
What will work is #SinglePayerNow but then you & your colleagues wouldn't be able to get huge donations from the insuring companies.
*sigh* Repeal & replace isn't going to work, Senator. Please, please consider just fixing the broken bits of the ACA. The ppl have spoken.
Repeal or nothing  . Get out of our health care
Yup. Per usual, not saying anything.

Finally working now at 1:35pm. I think they spent more time fixing that link than on writing up that bill last night.
It's blank.
Makes perfect sense.
