One surefire way to keep your Senate position is to support single payer healthcare. You could be a hero to both Republicans and Democrats.
Thank You, Senator for standing strong for the most vulnerable citizens.
If you think any Democrats who are thanking you now, are gonna vote for you next time around, good luck with that!
No versions of this legislation live up to your stated priorities, to say nothing of the procedural madness please vote no on MtP.
Thank you.
If you do you will see these statements next to footage poor chronically ill children who lost coverage for as long as you live.
Get it figured out Senator, to fail on this would send us down a road none of us wants to go. You signed up for this.
HOW BRAVE OF YOU TO VOICE YOUR OPINION AFTER MCCONNELL CANCELLED THE VOTE.  YOU STAND ON THE SIDE OF COWARDICE AND WE ALL KNOW IT!
Thank you, @senrobportman. More work to do.
"Not support it" isn't necessarily the same as "won't vote for it." Remember also the children of parents with pre-existing conditions...
Who will care for these children if their parents can't get medical care?
Thank you!
Thank you Senator! Love, a Toledo constituent! I truly appreciate it
Thank you! Please work with all of the Senate to improve healthcare for all Americans. Please protect people with preexisting conditions!
You do realize he was 1 of 13 senators to write it?
He was one of the 13 included in coversation. I understand Mitch McConnell & his staff actually wrote it.
.@senrobportman It's easy to come out against the bill NOW. Next time show your courage by being first to reach across the aisle.
Yea just like the Dem's did with O Care
GOP repeal efforts have been subject to zero public hearings. ACA was debated in 3 House & 2 Senate committees w/hours of bipartisan debate.
Get in there and help fix it we are counting on you
Thank you! Please reach across the aisle and work together to come up with a plan to help those who are most vulnerable.
Thank you. I don't even care about the timing. Do keep in mind though that people will not forget this public disavowel. Don't go back on it
Very courageous to come out against a wildly unpopular and destructive bill once the vote was delayed. What we've come to expect from you
You were one of the crafters of this bill. Why offer it up if not satisfied? You only opposed after checking the political winds.
That's probably cuz ur safe till 2023. You ran on repeal and replace, those us that voted for you won't forget your promise!
Thank you for siding with @JohnKasich and Ohio.
Why? You were one of the 13 to write it!
#ThisFamilyPhysician from Medina says thank you.  Now on to #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Great , Thanks for Seeing the loopholes and or how inconsiderate  there policies lacked Affordable Health care for All-Americans! Please
Ha, no risk in coming out AFTER bill was pulled. JOKER, do what is right for Ohioans and Americans. We will remember.
It's about time!
While I appreciate you acknowledging this bill is not the answer, your timing after it was delayed leaves much to be desired.
Thank you  for the information Senator. What vital pieces is it missing.
How brave of you to announce this AFTER it was already delayed. Have a town hall. We Ohioans demand it. We pay your fn salary!  Uwork for US
Like Portman 'forgot' to list the $51,000 DeVos gave 2 him for his campaign as a reason he voted for her confirmation. Dishonest. Deceptive.
Better late than never....
Get the fn government out of health care and it will get better overnight.
for 7 years the GOP has promised to repeal and replace Ocare. No insurers left here. People too used to free Medicare.
Thank you!
Thank you for listening to our stories and concerns, Senator Portman.  @senrobportman
Be specific.  In what way(s) does it fall short.
Well done Senator!
Thank you.  Actions speak louder.  Vote no if it goes to vote.  #KillTheBill or kill the americans.
will you stand by this when McConnell tries to push it through on friday??
YOU WROTE IT DUDE why you play dumb now?
You repeal, we replace...You, GOP Congress
no need for name calling, you are better than that
Sorry I forgot I'm supposed to smile while I get screwed
Why are you just now saying something? You guys have been talking about this in private for weeks now. Your constituents want to know!!
You helped craft this Bill! Thank you for opposing it now, but craft a bill that does not raise out-of-pocket expenses and kickoff 22M!
You work for Ohio, not Trump or McConnell.  Don't be bullied. Protect our healthcare. Revise ACA. Say no to any secret partisan ACHA bill.
Good, go home and talk to your constituents over the holiday.  Ask them if they want to give up their HC so rich can have tax cut.
would have been nice to take this stand before mitch the pitch postponed it.
Just vote no. Period. #voteno
Draw your lines in the sand. Absolutely no Medicaid cuts to fund tax cuts for millionaires. Ohio deserves better than wealthcare.
Thank you Senator for doing your duty to the citizens of Ohio and the country as a whole. This bill is a travesty in its present form.
Unless it would have passed and you would have been all in
..#wussy
Stop posturing, you will support this healthcare bill or lose your job in the next election. Start doing your job. #senatehealthcarebill
You helped write it!   If you knew it fell short why did you not do something before it was released?   Poor leadership!
Thank God. This issue cannot be addressed in a partisan way. Work with Democrats!
Thank you, Senator. But we are perplexed how you helped write this bill and let it fall so woefully short of a proper ACA "fix".
Its current form or any form! Dont support the reworking of such a cruel bill. Use the framework we have. Work together. Listen to Ohio.
We are suppose to laugh? That was a joke? Read your previous tweets!!!
Too bad it was after vote was cancelled. Inability to stand up to @POTUS. Same as your disastrous @BetsyDeVos decision.
Agree.
Thank you.

Thank you!  Why not work with Sherrod Brown and others to plan the best (not better) bill. Take a BIG step in a return to bipartisan gov'ing
Thank you senator for looking out for Americans in this matter.  I had faith you wouldn't disappoint me and you came through
The other old white men will be mad at you.
Please describe precisely what you are for and against in this bill. No more hiding, no more waiting! #VoteNoAHCA
The current Senate falls short.
Thank you so so much!!!! 
It's safe to come out now...
Partisanship failed -- and rightly so. Time to try bipartisanship? 
Thank you, Senator, for looking out for our state. I hope your integrity will keep you from being swayed by weak quick fixes offered for PR.
Thank you
Funny, You wouldn't say that until after you were sure there were not enough votes for it. It had to be safe for you to say no, Ohioans know
'Falls short' is an incredibly generous description - NO was the only humane answer to this.
Thank you for not voting for Trumpcare. It's really Deathcare for many elderly, cancer patients, vulnerable, and plain unlucky.
Work with Dems to fix ACA. Don't get hung up on repeal.
Amen. Good to see your integrity is still intact. Please don't fall for McConnell payoff tactics. People b/f politics. Profiles in courage.
Thank you @senrobportman for doing the right thing for children, students, working class families and seniors.
Thank you for saying NO...like President Trump said it is a Mean bill.
Thanks for saving Medicaid
Thank you Senator Portman for putting people over party.
You can't support after they pulled the bill. Way to show Real courage there Senator.
Leadership is taking a stand before it's moot.
Be a leader. Say no to BCRA. Commit to voting no on any bill drafted in secret by one party.
Coward. Waited until after you knew the vote was pulled. #coward
fall short what way.......

you should have come out earlier......now it really does not matter

JUST adjust the ACA
Please, call this what it is - a savage attack on the poor and elderly, at best. No kudos to come out against such legislation. No brainer
Thank you.  Please now concentrate on fixing, not gutting the ACA. #ProtectOurCare
Thank you. It would be nice to see both parties work toward repairing the ACA.
Thank you Senator Portman for doing whats right. This is a matter of life or death for human beings. Vitally important to get this right.
Thank you.
Don't give in on any version that does not serve your constituents or your conscious.  Think abt single payor.
THANK YOU, sir!
Good
About time you had some scruples. Now work with the Dems and improve ACA
Did it fall 22 million short?
Thank you for siding with your middle and lower income Ohio constituents.
Thank you for opposing. Make ACA better. Don't blow it up. Let's have OPEN hearings with doctors, administrators and insurers.
You need to insist a new bill has Dem input or this will never end.
Republicans were finally speaking out agst while you remained silent.  Mitch just wants to win and you dont want to look like the bad guy.
Ok. Now what??? Are you ready to listen to us???
Thank You Thank You Thank You!
So u helped write it, opposed it only after the vote was delayed, & u want us to believe u weren't a 'yes' b4 today? Too transparent..BS!!
Opioids are a problem, yes. But so is growing old! PLEASE remember the elderly. Many can barely afford the help they need.
What would you support, sir, specifically? And why don't you think Ohioans whose health care is put at risk by heartless bill should know?
Thank you.
You are a hypocritical man. You helped to write the Senate draft!

#hypocrite
I am hapoy to hear this.
You need to lay out what you're trying to accomplish with this bill. Promise that ZERO people will lose insurance.
Nice catch up. Really believable if you would get out in front next time. Ready to volunteer for your opponent if you stumble. REPRESENT!
You waited till the vote was put off. Don't be a chicken. Stand up for our health insurance and Medicaid and Medicare..
Please work with Dems as Sen Collins suggested to fix the ACA
Thank you.
"Technically" you did the right thing, senator.
It doesn't just fall short-it pushes people off the cliff.
Work with the Democrats in good faith to stabilize the markets & bring down out-of-pocket costs. Medicaid xpansion for every state, no cuts
Thank you,  now why font yoy propose single payer for all.  You know it's what Dems want, you can have a win
Thank you! We are all in this together!
Way to step up *after* the vote was called off, you embarrassing fraud. #Ohio should be ashamed of your spinelessness. #ProfilesInCourage
Love that hashtag! Will be using from now on. Every Portman tweet deserves it. 
Thank you.
Finally- actually taking a stand and i dont think you got paid for this statement- stop trying to replace and FIX aca!
You made the right choice.  Thank you for putting people ahead of party.
Now please have some real townhall meetings so we can speak together so you can really speak for us
At 6:10 it looked promising and at 6:31 you can't support it?  Hope you're starting to listen to the voters you are supposed to represent
thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you
not hard to pull support after McConnell pulls the bill.  Chicken.
Thank you Mr. Portman. As a disabled law student who depends on Medicaid for my healthcare I was relieved to see this post. Zip Code: 44130.
Great. But only problem isn't medicaid. Costs will go up for many. Please work with both parties on sustainable plan.
I'm more concerned with what you will find acceptable
I hope you'll stay strong and not cave if McConnell offers you a sweetheart deal. Please, we're counting on you.
Thank you. Baby steps in the right direction.
Thank you for standing up for millions of Ohioans after it was clear the bill would not pass! Gutsy move in the face of a recess home!
Thank you!
Can you please push for fixing and funding the current ACA?
#FixAndFundTheACA
Maybe it can be fixed.
Thank you Senator Portman from a constituent in 45230.
Reduces premiums? Math isn't your strong suit.
You are right; it does fall very short! Thank you for standing up for Ohioans and protecting their health care.
But you helped draft it? Can you share with your constituents what you thought was good about it?
So glad to hear you won't support this bill. We need you to fight for Medicaid expansion, pre-existing condition coverage, & fully fund PP.
Was with you til the last part. Planned Parenthood doesn't need to be fully funded by the government! There are much better options.
Thank you for doing the right thing!
Lifetime and annual caps will also be devastating
I am a bit confused??? Didn't you help write it??? 
Took you long enough.
"and I reached this conclusion immediately after McConnell announced we weren't voting on it this week."
Thank you!! Please continue to look after your voters who are depending on you to protect them.
Stand strong Mr Portman, Ohio's Children and Elderly are depending on you !!   VOTE NO NO NO NO !!
Stand strong, don't let party politics sway you from protecting those who cannot protect themselves.
Not everyone in Ohio is on opioids & Medicaid, so what about us?
Thank you for voting conscience and common sense over partisan politics! Thank you thank you thank you!!
thank you for acknowledging your vote NOW, but can you make sure the process is more transparent before next vote is called?
Work with democrats PLEASE
Thanks. Don't accept only slight improvements.
I am a constituent. I have a novel idea,  why don't you WORK with Democrats to improve the current ACA? Sadly it's all about the tax cuts.
Like how you didn't say you were against it until after McConnell cancelled the vote.  Safe play but doesn't cut it.
Courageous to wait until after vote postponed
You Chicken S..t-you say NO "after" there is no vote. Coward
Thank you for your courage and integrity rare to find these days
Mr Portman, can you please explain why only Republicans are working on this Bill?
I felt that you would not be a sheep with a rubber stamp.  Thank you for your commitment to a better healthcare solution. See @JohnKasich
Your rear is gonna get sore just sitting on the fence Robbie
Way to step-up after the fact, crook. Pass whatever congrats you think you deserve to @DeanHeller for me.
Words are cheap. People's lives are not. #FixACA #NoBCRA
Thank you!!! Please remember it falls short when it comes time to vote!!!
You fall short & therefore your constituents R having a hard time supporting u. Why nothing f/you BEFORE the vote was delayed? #wherewereyou
Thank you
Again, you didn't take a stand until McConnell pulled it . Gutless.
There is no way to square this bill with caring about the opiate epidemic. Please vote no for Akron and all of Ohio.
What it short in it Robbie? A little more detail would be good
I think you just need to fix the ACA & stop doing the things that hurt the ACA, like Trump is doing by withholding payments.
Funny how you come out and say it after the vote is delayed. Why wouldn't you come out against it before?
good.  don't do it.
That's a start (falls short seems an undertaker's statement)
This morning I called Susan Collins to thank her.  I live in Ohio. I hope I can call you thx for a clear NO next healthcare vote.
I want to hear that Americans having affordable, comprehensive healthcare coverage is more important than tax breaks to be mega wealthy
I want to hear you won't vote for a bill that hasn't had an open hearing&amendment process, you won't vote to kick millions off of ins
It's a trend for Republicans to be indecisive and unclear about what they really support
Oh, oops, it's just that I see lots of Republicans making blanket statements like that about Dems, gah, my mistake :)
Can't say I was surprised anyway. So at least there's that.
