NO! Why don't you ever address the fact the prez is under investigation? Gorsuch handpicked by a billionaire donor. Vote NO
If you vote him in, it further proves you are just a pawn. #StolenSeat
Portman u are wrong about Gorsuch.U were wrong about Pruitt who is working to destroy our environment,& Devos who will hurt public education
Think it's fair to say DeVos is working to destroy public education too...
How does it feel to only be in office because of gerrymandering?
@CbusIndivisible @OHDems Do you have any thoughts of your own, Rob? No confirmation of Gorsuch. Remember Garland?
Really? Nice pick and choose there... how about kids with autism and truckers? Not so good to working poor and disabled, huh? 44691
But he's lacking the trust of the American people. One question, though you won't answer: Why do you hate America and her people so much?
Don't care what the qualifications are. No lifetime appointment from a president under FBI investigation.
That's a seat stolen from the American people by corporate shills like you. He's accomplice to theft. Dishonorable.
#noprobenorobe
So did Judge Garland. You owe voters and democracy an apology. Not to mention the good judge.
For every example you have, there are 10 examples why he should not be a Justice but feel free to not listen to your constituents per usual.
Y do yr minions keep posting same bull? Do yr job Russians in WH tax returns hidden Nunes needs to step down
Merrick Garland has earned the respect of lawyers & judges across the spectrum. Want examples? #ConfirmGarland #independentinvestigation
He has proven he thinks corporate profits are more important than women's rights, the environment, and worker's safety. So just say NO.
You and your party have lost my respect across the spectrum. No confirmation while ongoing #Russia investigation.
we want a town hall! We have questions and we want answers!
NO to gorsuch.  don't like his decisions.
you are CONTINUALLY confirming the LOSS of any intelligent support in your NEXT Senate run!!!! @SenateDems @SenateGOP Vote NO
The man "restores the conservative balance" to the court.  Sounds pretty uninfluenced by politics.  #notdrinkingthekoolade
As they over turn his rulings.
No way! Too much of a federalist. SCOTUS should be Garland not Gorsuch. Investigate #Trumprussia first
Senator, as your constituent I'm asking you not to confirm him.
Portman follows the money. $51k bought his vote for DeVos over thousands of constituent calls. Also voted to let ISPs sell internet history.
He also won't release his taxes. He's got something to hide too. Probably just as entangled in #Trumprussia
No @SCOTUS appointments in an impeachment year!
You prevented the constitutional right of @Potus44 from appointing a judge. Your leader is under investigation for treason. #trumpClownShow
#stolenSCOTUS you're the one losing respect... in OH #realtownhall #constituentsb4party
No. Look at his record. This country is tired of having ultra right policy shoved down their throats.
Vote on Garland first, if he fails then you can vote on Gorsuch, until then you are advocating making SCOTUS illegitimate #StolenSeat
I'd say the overwhelming majority of your constituents disagree with you. So do I. Vote NO.
#JustsayNo Country over Party. Try to be the voice of your constituents for once!
Not from autistic students,  but guess they dont count
We need to wait on results of an ind. Russian investigation before seating a new judge picked by a possible criminal. Duh.
Vote for Gorsuch and you will never win another election your constituents are watching are will remember.
 Shame on you.
NO GORSUCH! Gorsuch backed by Philip Anschutz, conservative billionaire of Koch "Dark Money" network #NoGorsuch 44060
#MerrickGarland deserved a hearing.
So had Merrick Garland. Where were you then, Rob?
Until investigation done no one should be nominated
He should get a vote right after Garland gets his.
#NoGorsuch. One courageous #gop Senator could stand up for working families and oppose. A vote like that. . . Presidential.
That won't happen they vote party over people always
But this generation of #gop don't seem to have any moral courage. Too bad cuz I know #Ohio has heart and strength.
Hmmm just not the respect of the eight existing justices.  Merrick Garland had respect too. No confirmation until investigations resolved!
so was 44's nominee, but Judge Garland never got meeting from Republicans.  He will go down. Garland first, then Gorsuch.
Judge Garland earned that respect also. But none from you or other Republicans who refused to even meet with him. Your legacy.
Merrick Garland before #confirmgorsuch
Which spectrum is that? Certainly not one that I'm on. Rulings targeting rights of POC, nonchristians, lgbt, women? Doesn't leave much
No to Gorsuch. Not mainstream. Not just. Not for US!
And Merrick Garland didn't? #hipocrite
I'll be calling the office on Monday let you have disappointed your constituents are right now. #PeopleBeforeParty
So did Merrick Garland, and him being denied an up or down vote shows despicable hypocrisy. #TheResistance
How much are you getting paid for this rubber stamp?
No. Just no.
No lifetime appointment to SCOTUS until an independent investigation of Russian meddling w/US election is completed.
I guess Garland didn't have that respect... Oh wait, he did, you ass.
#noprobenorobe #IllegitimatePOTUS #illegitimateSCOTUS
I'm guessing those are the only examples.
I quite like Judge Gorsuch. I'd even be OK with his confirmation - after the Russia thing is cleared up. But the cloud must be lifted first.
You know who else you can say that about? #MerrickGarland. Also, the more I learn about Gorsuch the worse he looks.
If I respected you, your opinion of someone else's judgement might matter to me, but you confirmed Betsy Devos, so...
Garland was qualified.  Never got a hearing.  #russiagate  #noprobenorobe
He is anti-worker and Gorsuch LOVES the Citizens United decision that allows for Corp. CORRUPTION of our lawmakers! NO VOTE!
Gorsuch favors corporations in his decisions not the citizens, that's why I hope you reconsider. Vote no.

He's nominated by a guy under investigation by the FBI! You found it suitable to not vote on Obama's choice though?
This is like your7th #gorsuch tweet in 2 days. Either respond to your replies or stop tweeting about this.We don't agree #PeoplesFilibuster
Show me the Constitutional provision that justifies denying Garland a vote and giving Got such one.
Nope,Nope and..........NOPE. #StolenSeat
I don't know. Maybe if I had his browsing history I'd feel better. Anyone know where I can buy it?
Gorsuch will harm rights of Ohio's workers, women, & disabled. He cannot oppress us for his lifetime.
NOPE
Remember Merrick Garland!
Really? You need to be listening to the people of Ohio! #StopGorsuch
So did Merrick Garland. But you wouldn't even have hearings. No vote until the connection to Russia has been investigated.
No. He is a rigid ideologue. Has no compassion and no plain common sense!!  Also seat belongs to #MerrickGarland. Shame on Republicans!
If I started a gofundme to show that there is money in listening to your constituents would that help?
Garland & Obama deserved the same respect. You gave none. If country is of any importance to you, delay until after Russia resolved.
As we keep telling you...no arguments here but SO DID MERRICK GARLAND who your party blocked. Despite unanimously approving for appeals ct.
he expected a man to die in the cold
Support for DeVos and now Gorsuch after not endorsing a vote on Garland means strong opposition to you next election.
No. The judge you should be considering is Merrick Garland. Gorusch would help set the Court back decades.
He hasn't earned the respect of the working, the poor, or women though. He values corporations rights of those of the individual.
I encourage you to vote no or abstain.
Sen Portman,  Mr. Garland had the same respect.  Why wasn't his nomination voted on?
Tell us about your position on Merrick Garland
NO
You know, Merrick Garland was also respected, until @SenateGOP disrespected him AND the Constitution by refusing to hold hearings.
This bears repeating - No confirmation period while the WH is under investigation for Russian interference in our election process.
Two words: Merrick Garland. You couldn't bother giving him a hearing. As a constituent, I ask you vote no on Gorsuch.
A big NO to Gorsuch. He is too conservative. I live in Ohio 44067. I will remember your vote in 2023.
No confirmation vote til #trumpRussiagate is closed
#blockscotus
Don't go nuclear, and don't vote to confirm
Senator Portman, I too would confirm Gorsuch however tell  me why Garland didn't even get a hearing?  I believe You're better than that.
Asking you to vote no on Gorsuch. I'm am a constituent.
Trump should not be allowed to appoint a justice in the final year of his Presidency.
EVER HE ONLY KNOWS CROOKS. AND CON ARTISTS
Why don't you care about what we want? Please don't vote until the investigation is done. #disappointed
@All100Senators So has Judge Merrick Garland, but @GOP wouldn't even talk to him! Hypocrisy at its finest folks!!
oh Fail No
I'm guessing there's a truck driver and his family who have no respect for him
So has Merrick Garland, who was nominated by a Pres not under FBI investigation, but you touted false narrative to deprive him of hearing.
No doubt he is respectable.  Merrick Garland is better, and the GOP has acted inappropriately.  No to Gorsuch.  I support Garland.
With the GOP we the people don't matter
As one of your constituents, I'm asking you to not confirm this man. Not that you care about an ordinary citizen such as myself.
You wouldn't confirm Garland during election. Trump is already running for reelection, including campaigns & fundraising. No Gorusch either.
Merrick Garland.
Unfortunately for him, the citizenry is made up of mostly non-lawyers and non-judges. We don't want him.
APRIL FOOLS! He's an illegitimate nominee because we have an illegitimate president. Quit choosing your party over our county!
Here's Rob, goin' all Party over People again, ignoring the elephant #investigation in the room. #russia #stolenseat #NoGorsuchNoWay #resist
No vote until investigation is complete. No to Gorsuch.
why won't he meet with Sen Duckworth
Go nuclear. It will be used in the future.
The problem is that most people will forget these votes at the start of your term. The closer to 2023 we get the more "moderate" he will be.
So what did Judge Garland do to be snubbed by you and your fellow republicans?
Our democratic institutions are under attack by Republicans being helped by foreign enemies. Steal a SCOTUS seat? Hell no!
No SCOTUS vote on a pick by WH under federal and congressional investigation. #Trumprussia.
Can you tell us why Steve Bannon is on the NYC? Qualifications? #Trumprussia
NSC
NO CONFIRMATION UNTIL #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION, @senrobportman! #noprobenorobe #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS #whatareyoudoing #CountryOverParty
Irrelevant! 45* may not be legitimate. #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS We should not jeopardize The Court this way! #NoProbeNoRobe #INVESTIGATEFIRST
No confirmation until M. Garland has his day...
NOPE!
You guys didn't give Merrick Garland the time of day.  You'll end up going "nuclear" to the detriment of the country. Party over country.
2016: "Were gonna ignore this SCOTUS nominee for 293 days."

2017: "GUYS WE NEED TO GET THIS MAN CONFIRMED HURY UP."
No confirmation until investigation is completed.
