Get him to commit to regulating Big Pharma & providing decent universal healthcare. Then we can talk... at a #TownHall! #45701
Is Pence allowed to lean on a fence with another silver haired man without his wife?
Tweedledee and...well u know the rest
He needs to address their addiction to money!!
Really?  You didn't speak out on TrumpCare to destroy Essential Health Benefits that Pence/Trump would strip addiction treatment.
I did
Thank you.   Senator Portman chose to remain mute, in the face of Trumpcare's attack.
Also, why are you both wearing party hats with eagles on top of them?

Yup he will talk about stuff but never actually do anything. Where is the winning??
what is his solution?  Pray it away???
you win.  I started reading replies to make sure someone else hadn't said it first 
The VP is no friend of the American people.
Trumpcare wanted to to take the benefits away people need to give up opioids. You and the rest have no soul.
What about punishing the cos that make those drugs, or preventing how they push Drs to push them? Oh that's right, you don't go after donors
but yet you support efforts to cut funding for drug programs. You cannot have it both ways. Take a stand for once in your life.
Too many #Ohioans are suffering f/an inability 2 reach you. We need a #REALTownHallNOW @senrobportman. #whatareyoudoing #SCHEDULETHETOWNHALL
Repeal and replace Portman!
Why would you stand with him and his position to repeal the ACA when our own governor says it would be disastrous to do so?
You and Pence supported Trumpcare. You don't care about addiction..only $$. This is your last term.
You both have eagles flying out of your heads!!!!
You, sir, suffer from an addiction to this corrupt admin. We want an independent investigation now into Russia's meddling & collusion.
You twits want to gut the programs that benefit those who are addicted. Ugh I CANNOT.
Pence wants to put addicts in jail not treatment centers. He has to fill his buddies for profit prisons, so he can get votes and kickbacks.
Now let's make sure our health and education  systems are able to support folks who want to recover
Too bad you're going to make sure they don't have help #trumpcare
It was a pleasure meeting you at the recovery housing forum two weeks ago. All of my family lives in Ohio so thank you for all you do!!
Then why did you vote for #TrumpCare?
Republicans are not fighting for affordable care- they are fighting to get billionaires more money
But you legislate a symptom because the actual cause lines your pockets #coward #parrotthepartyline #trumpisyourlegacy
Too many of our fellow Ohioans are suffering from #portmanexcuses. #REALTownHallNOW #endoursuffering #weareanimportantissue #scheduleit
So once #Trump is indicted and impeached, is this your pitch to become VP?
Looks like u stand with Pence & Trump. No wonder you are silent about Russian interference with US election-Trump's Russian ties. Shameful.
and yet they want to cut treatment and you supported the bill.
Ok Rob the healthcare Bill was scrapped! You can quit playing with your opiate addiction now and go back to sleep.
Think outside box. Legalize drugs & fund treatment. Less crime & corruption+better outcomes. Enforcement-only isn't working #cbusindivisible
Did you and Mike share a bowl of borscht and some vodka? #MAGA
Rob don't go to dinner with that man, he does bad things after he eats.
So he'd help me with an addiction before sending me to reparative therapy? Classy guy.
He knew as much as Trump about Flynn . He was the head of the transition and Yates told them both. He's a liar!
GROSS!!!!
Didn't you guys plan on cutting addiction services 
Affordable healthcare is required! How are you addressing that?
Sen Portman you're a sad suck-up to Trump & his cronies & you've lost all credibility in Ohio
Women deserve access to healthcare too - why attack Planned Parenthood so much??
So weird that he cares about addiction but supported Freedom Caucus demands to slash Addiction Support in the failed AHCA! U suck, Rob!
Yes, by promoting the AHCA, an ugly, stupid bill that would have made the opioid crisis much worse.
Too many Ohioans voted for that dumbfuck traitor Donald Trump. Let's address that problem too.
You think repealing the ACA is going to help addicts?!!!!!!
Fucking hypocrites good at spin
Pence is a complete idiot... no leadership skills there at all.
Did you speak Russian to one another?  How about Trumps taxes? Maybe how he is unable to be alone with a woman but his boss grabs pussy?
That's why you and your party don't want to cover mental health as part of insurance.  #scheduleatownhall  Ohioans want to be heard!
I thought Pence couldn't be alone with a woman? #portmansabitch
You realize the GOP has now become the party of traitors. History will judge what you do now, not what you've done for the last 30yrs.
Who ordered the dry, white, toast?
Bunch of winners, right here...Do lobbyists send the check to the DC or regional offices? I guess for VP must be DC
Don't let @realDonaldTrump pass that AHCA shit or your people will die with no help!
It would probably be smarter to distance yourself from anyone in the current administration...
Did you talk to people with chronic & debilitating diseases who need serious pain meds before you legislated how their dr treats them?
Now THAT had to make your skin crawl!
Ask @VP why he approved Flynn joining WH despite knowing he was a foreign agent. Yates and Cummings informed him and he ignored it #traitor
