Got it. Didn't read it. You've made it abundantly clear you DO NOT work for me. You work for TRUMP the LYING SOCIOPATH.
Still awaiting word of a LOCAL @senrobportman townhall for him to listen and converse with his constituents.
Congress: If you refuse to meet in person with your constituents, you are failing to do your job. There's a name for this: COWARDICE.
Even better idea - hold a Town Hall during recess!! Where are you Senator?! #TownHall #StopHiding #RobPortman #Constituents
Right? Are you in Cincy? There's a protest at his office tomorrow at 5 to demand a Town Hall
Nope, #CLE here. Our protest Town Hall is Thursday. @senrobportman is invited - think he'll show? #notlikely #stophiding
ha, yea...not likely. @senrobportman is a true coward.
I recieved my copy but there is a glaring omission of when and where your upcoming town halls will be?
Are you serious?  You AREN'T working for me, you're ignoring me and the rest of Ohio.  #DoYourJobRob
work for us this week by holding a public town hall in Ohio.
organized agitating pays well, I guess
do I sign up to be a paid protester? If I'm gonna be there anyway, might as well get paid!
i am your constituent and I have not been able to contact you or your office. You are overdue a town hall.
what about the wave of bomb threats to the Jewish communities? This administration has emboldened hate groups. Address this.
You vote based on what the appointees say to you in meetings and ignore their lifetime of experience that contradicts this.
ive been reading this and i havent seen you working for Ohioans yet.  We will vote you out of office!
signed up Now I follow u on twitter, FB, newsletter. I hope I don't miss the next town hall.
Hahahahahaha! What a joke! We're receiving the Rob RUNAROUND and you're ignoring constituents with every vote. #TownHallNOW
That's nice Senator but you know we want a town hall.  Don't be afraid, we're your constituants.
there will be no opportunities for you to agitate
Agitate? I simply have questions and would like to ask him in person.
And now you're a liar
If he's smart he lets his voicemail fill up and never checks it!! Nothing but trolls and disruptors
A breakdown of your constituent's calls should be included in Rob's rundown.
agreeing,  I have not seen them.
does the rundown happen to mention when your next town hall meeting is scheduled?
wow - so many organized agitators! Who's payroll are they on??
hi Jen just reminding you 1) we all do this for free because we care; 2) you're still an onion.
Why don't you acknowledge you have protesters and seek to hear them? This is the job you asked for. It involves listening.
How great it would be if we could meet in person to discuss our concerns with you! Come to Dayton! We'd love a chat!
Good job looking out for Ohio's clean air and water with your support for Scott Pruitt to run the EPA. We'll remember.
- yep - 6 more years! Just got re-elected!! #MAGA
I'm seeing a lot of people asking for a town hall (and an onion who's against it). What are you hiding from, Senator?
when is your next NE Ohio townhall meeting?
You dare to say you support the environment and vote Pruitt?Absolutely no logic there. Ignored his record to vote party line.
“This week I voted to kill public education, hire a racist AG, and destroy the EPA.”
Clearly @senrobportman is serving Trump, not Ohio. Your constituents will hold you accountable!
No Town Halls for Agitators!!!  #MAGA
Just want to address concerns. Right now it's No TH for ANYONE.  THAT'S bad for democracy, and antithesis of maga
come to Orange Village!! We'd LOVE to host a #TownHall where you can deliver this report in person! 
Why don't you show up and tell us yourself?
You mean how you're working for Trump, right? You've repeatedly put his interests ahead of Ohio's interest.
Really, you're working for me? What about all those calls about the @BetsyDeVos vote? You didn't listen to us! Pathetic!
.@senrobportman Hey Rob, I missed the part of your email about Ohio town halls during the recess week. Or is there a DeVos family barbecue?
where do I subscribe to notices of upcoming tele-town halls and in-state appearances?
He doesn't even have an events page/schedule.
.@senrobportman If you're working for us, why won't you meet with us? #TownHall
If you're working for me, how come nobody has responded to my requests via phone, email, and your portal for a meeting? @senrobportman
you blew it with your blanket Cabinet endorsements. You don't work for me jellyfish
Rob's rubdown.
every day I call your office asking to meet with you. I'm told you have no plans to do so. Yet you had a tele townhall???????
why was this opportunity NEVER offered to me??  I call EVERY DAMN DAY?  When are you going to talk to your constituents?
The only people you seem to be working for are your donors... #Mr$51K How much do you get from the NARCAN people?
I'm sorry I don't have the $51,000 needed to get a town hall meeting for your constituents!! #moneytalks  #wheresrobportman
How about an update on the impeachment of our freaking disaster of a president?
thank god you tweeted! I thought maybe you were dead, turns out you're just hiding!  #whereisportman
stop the dismantling of the EPA.  I have 2 parents with Parkinsons due to environmental toxins. Protect your citizens,
do town halls cost $51000 ?  I am sure we could do a go fund me to get one ... defend the constitution and our country
if your working for the people them demand Trump's tax return so we the people know what it is he's hiding.
I am one of your constituents and have many questions. #TownHall anytime soon? Don't be afraid we just want to talk.
some of us can't get ur newsletter. Have u mentioned what ur doing 4 ur Delphi constituents lately? Let' put an end 2 it now!
And every week I am horrified to see how out of touch you are with your constituents' actual concerns. #Putingate
do your job
I would  to see the actual tally sheets on this issue. I suspect $51k spoke more loudly than his constituents
please investigate #russianhacking and Russian ties to our givernment.
This tweet must not be your followers of color.
Will it detail how to spend $51,000?
What about a town hall so you can listen to your constituents in order to better do your job FOR US?
I won't bother; I feel like I can predict the future with you--It's not a good future.
But, don't you do that here.

? 

TOOOOOWWWWWNNNNNNN

HAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLL!
if you're sending it to the people you work for, I assume none of them actually make it back to Ohio
I would think your 1st tweet would be to reply to the requests for Town Hall meetings this week. not a link to a newsletter.
An in-person town hall & calling for independent investigation would be a start.
I am increasingly dumbfounded by your tweets. You show daily that you have no clue. #coward
I hope a schedule of town hall meetings all around the state is included in Rob's Rundown
No town halls for agitators and disruptors! #MAGA
counterpoint: a town hall every week for constituents. Jen you are still an onion.
When will you schedule in person townhall meetings?
There will be no town halls for trolls and disruptors
But when can we meet with you to discuss OUR concerns. Don't talk AT us; talk WITH us. #whereisportman
Okay, we see your output. That's great. But where does our input go? It's kinda what being an elected official's all about.
Trolls and disruptors deserve no attention.
Your definition of "disruptor" would seem to discredit Gandhi; MLK. Convince me it's not at odds with the very idea of democracy.
Looking forward to Rob's Rubdown. Bring the oil. @senrobportman
Is it #Ukraine, #STOPAct, #IamJaneDoe every week, week after week?
I'm willing to meet you in Lima, Day, Tol, Cbus for a town hall some time this week.  What evening works best for you?
How about attending the town hall on Thursday night at St James in Cleveland? Your invitation was sent to your office.
He chooses to avoid us too here in Hamilton County. Good luck getting him to appear.
you are not working for me. You are ignoring me. You care about lining your pocket. I'm disgusted. Keep taking that money rob
We, the people of Ohio feel let down by you. Work on changing that! Might be too late, but doesn't hurt to try...
Rob's not hiding. He's on the way to Stockholm to investigate the Sweden incident. He is great at taking Dear Leader's orders
please set up town hall. People from whom you will take away comprehensive affordable health care deserve to be heard
Are you supporting investigation into #Russia #POTUS White House ties? Americans have a right to know! Democracy over @GOP!
Will it include that minuscule list of what the rest of us constituents are getting for our tax dollars? #yepdidntthinkso
.@senrobportman Work for me then. Stop Bannon. Investigate Russian ties. Protect Medicare. Get DJT tax returns. Make America America Again.
so maybe you could work for us by listening when we tell you how awful trump's cabinet picks are.
Same every week. Voted for whatever trump wants,ignored foreign influence on election. Tweeted about opiods and crackers.
What I would like Senator is for you to lead this Republican administration out of the darkness & confusion. Work for all!!
You are NOT working for me. You are in lockstep with #GOP #partybeforecountry
UNFORTUNATELY it doesn't give us any information on upcoming meetings! Try that, Senator!
You can hold a town hall. You are hiding from a bunch of suburban soccer moms that want to know why you won't listen to us.
Maybe you could make that a two-way conversation, by scheduling a town hall for your constituents...
No town halls for agitators like you
Please ignore the loud voices of discontent! Support Trump!!
Rob please ignore Jen. She is an onion.
Hey, nothin' wrong with onions - least so long as they're not working against representitive democracy.
you could send out your schedule in advance so your constituents could actually show up to talk to you. #PortmanTownHall
No town halls for agitators
so involved, informed, active voters are now agitators? I thought they were just called constituents.
I want you to work for me and impeach Trump.
You are part of an organized and trained agitation effort and you will be ignored
working for us includes holding trump accountable for his actions.  Where do you stand on the independent investigation?
You know what would be sooooo much better than that Senator?

A town hall.
find a real job.
