Or maybe you could #DumpDevos like thousands of people are asking you too. Oh wait, she owns you.
How nice it must feel to be listened to. Ohioans have no idea.
it would be nice if you would listen to your constituents!
myself & thousands of ur constituents sent letters & calls. Yet you ignore them! Not pleased. Resign!
how many calls & letters & emails support Devos from Ohio? Answer: not many. The voters of OH are speaking #dumpdevos
if you are truly invested in Ohio and positive outcomes vote NO on DeVos
please send a letter asking him to support our public schools by withdrawing nomination of @BetsyDeVos #DeVosFacts
hey it's me again. Reminding you that you represent me and I do not want DeVos running out education system.
You're such a joke. All talk. You're just like every other basic Republican senator. Party lines only. Shame on you.
I'm not seeing a whole lot of gratitude in the replies.. maybe you should listen to us. #DumpDeVos
.@senrobportman .@POTUS Great. Now demand he release taxes. Call for an immediate bipartisan investigation into possible ties w/Russia.
how brave that u endorse this non controversial action. How about our public schools? Vote NO on DeVos. Moms remember!
#nobetsydevos #keepepa #nomuslimban #keepnationalparks #multitask
Did you send letter telling POTUS to keep Russia sanctions? If no, then you're not really standing up to him
Please change your vote on Betsy Devos!!  She's clearly unqualified!!  Show us how much you care about our kids!!
we're not impressed. your lack of concern for education says enough. you can be bought. No DeVos! 44110
Listen to us when we say NO on DeVos. We've sent letters, called, rallied, emailed, and used social media. NO ON DEVOS
Hey @senrobportman Show us the $51k check that bought your Betsy DeVos #confirmation vote.
Please take in consideration all the letters, calls and emails you have received to oppose Devos. Since you rep us not DeVos.
I've called, emailed, written you about Betsy DeVos, would be great if you'd take action.
saw you on the news this am..you said you were listening to us...Are you really listening?  #VoteNoDevos

how do you feel about his latest attack on a judge?
where do you stand on sanctions on Russia
please vote no to DeVos 45236
Where do you stand on this purveyor of "alternative facts"? #NoOnDevos http://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2017/02/04/513220220/betsy-devos-graduation-rate-mistake …
Sent a letter to you. Very displeased you will vote for DeVos. You have lost my vote!!
Stand up for public education and our children #NoDevos
Portman finally said something that makes sense! How do you feel now?
and thousands of Ohioans have asked you to say no to DeVos
we urging you to be a responsible and faithful to the kids in America vote NO to Ms DeVos Monday .We all going to supp
Congratulations hitching your wagon to this. A true sign of leadership.
I need to send you a letter urging you to back @POTUS and the refugee hiatus
You did it! It was all you, Rob. You made it!
How nice to get a response! Wish I knew what that was like, but you show no sign of noticing that Ohioans are contacting you.
Trump listens to you like you listen to your  constituents#nothappening#notodevosletter.
you are going to take action by voting no on devos? Right?  Also,  why are you following so many Ukrainian twitterers
I called and emailed re: not voting for DeVos. Will you listen to me?
vote NO on DeVos
Are reading the replies? Good on you for for some of ur actions. Ur constituents-past/maybe future voters want #NoDevos
look at all of these comments from your constituents asking you to vote NO on DeVos. Hear our voice!!!!! #StopDeVos #noDevos
vote no on DeVos!
...yeah...that's why he did it....he knows how he can count on you....cmon man
Where is the UN??????
care to send @POTUS a letter discussing the danger of STEVE BANNON being added to the NSC?! #NOTOKAY #StopPresidentBannon
What happened to the separation of the branches of government? How can you let a person attack another branch and say not a
I have no use for an individual that cannot understand how much damage the #socalledpotus has caused.
thank you but plz don't forget quality education & leadership.This slp will remember your stance on Election Day.
do you agree with co-signatory Sen Ron Wyden that there's a deeper DJT/Russian connection which needs investigating?
Great--now send him another one explaining how he's just one branch of govt and the judicial is another #socalledpotus
have any of your constituents called in support for Devos or is her $51k enough to offset all who are opposed?  #DumpDevos
OHIOANS WOULD LOVE IT IF YOU RESPONDED TO US ON #DumpDevos -WE KNOW SHE CONTRIBUTED TO YOUR CAMPAIGN BUT CMON!  #NOPAYFORPLAY
speaking of letters, how about you read the ones from your voters. Are you a senator or what?
Can we please talk about #TermLimits ?
now it's time for you to respond to your constituents NO DeVos!
Your not listening. DeVos no or your career will be over.
Good...now vote against DeVos..
how about you stand up for women and their rights to their own body!
, we have bigger problems and don't need another war in the Middle East.  From  constituent.
.@senrobportman @POTUS nary a word from @realDonaldTrump on Russia. Hmmmmmmmmmm...
Ok, fair enough.
Next request he fire Bannon & Flynn, both dangers to the nation.
Thx
OH GOP voter
also voted for corruption in US extraction companies, to allow filthy coal to pollute waterways, confirmed Tillerson
good for you senator, that was an obvious act. I sent you many letter saying no to DeVos. Did you not receive them?
Can you write him a letter asking him to release his taxes!?!?!?
Betsy DeVos will decimate rural public schools. She won't enforce federal law helping students with disabilities. #StopDeVos
Why do you refuse to listen to your constituents? Vote NO on DeVos. From 43812
i was excited to see you followed me back. I voted for you. Please respond to us! Vote #noDevos
what happened to the letter I sent you to oppose DeVos?
awww cute. You think he cares what you think.
I sent 20 emails, 5 tweets, 30 calls to you to vote no on DeVos & I will be pleased when you listen to your constituents
I sent a letter to YOU urging YOU to vote #noDevos and I'm #disappointed as are many Ohio #PublicschoolProud constituents
please respond to your constituents.
NO ON DEVOS!
vote no on DeVos if you want to make s difference
But you've done nothing to support Ukraine  (except tweet) or investigate Russian interference in our elections.
Akron
How nice for you, wish you would listen. No to DeVos.
what about more punitive measures against #Russia or simply defensive lethal weaponry for #Ukraine? @newtgingrich
we'd love for you to take some action. Answering the phones or responding to messages would be a good place to start.
How many letters, tweets, and phone calls have WE sent YOU asking you to vote NO on Betsy DeVos? #Ohio #DumpDeVos 44224
so happy to learn that you can write. Can you read? Your voters are writing asking you to #DumpDevos. Ohio schools need you!
Now tell him to sanction bff Putin.
And we delivered a signed letter to you asking for you to stand up to the Immigration EO, Sessions, and to hold a town hall.
We'd love to see some progress on these items.  Or do you need us to come back to your office?
Just got out of meeting with Sen. Portman staff where we expressed our opposition to the Immigration EO, Sessions, and requested a townhall. 
Great. Now, please listen to Ohioans across the board & vote NO on DeVos.
you ARE as ignorant as you sounded in last Tweet.  God help us. Focus: illegal Bannon, Russia, Ukraine.
oh, and his finances: taxes and separation.
you should include that DeVos bribe money in the letter if you want Trump's attention
