@POTUS Will the new health care plan help persons with addiction issues?
cool, so that means you are going to vote against #trumpcare which slashes drug treatment funding? Would support u for once.
.@senrobportman @YouTube How many more will suffer with loss of #healthcare? #Addiction is a #healthcare issue. #ACA
new #Trumpcare bill would take away coverage for a lot of people w/ mental health issues that lead to substance abuse.
if you don't do something it will be those addicts with no rehab, women and children no insurance and so on
and 309 people are shot. Can we please have common sense gun control to go with your common sense approach to ODs? #merica
u r right we need to have national reciprocity and eliminate GFZ also known as free fire zones.
policy advice from a guy who calls himself daddy and wants guns everywhere? newp. #freudian
yes I want to be able to protect ourselves and family and for people and my kids to understand COTUS.
Thanks! You'll oppose the House health care plan then, right?
How many people lost due to air pollution? yet, you voted for Pruitt.
2x I submitted a mtg request and 3x I called to follow up so we could discuss child victims of opioid crisis. No response. ??
maybe you should send more " thoughts and prayers" to help, or...does that not work? #trumphasspoken
@groome_iv @YouTube 
think how many more when #Trumpcare#Ryancare take over
with the healthcare plan that is proposed prepare for the number to increase dramatically
Terrible to watch the LifeSquad, two patrol cars and the canine unit respond and you just hope they came in time.
Every second 4 atomic bombs worth of EXTRA heat energy are trapped in atmo. due to CO2..
And you supported climate change denier to head up the EPA. Think about that.
@trasthoot we will lose more now your gutting Medicaid
Think about how more there will be if you end Medicaid expansion. Your base can't vote for you if their dead. #TrumpcareFail
Could hurry up and legalize marijuana for alternative to opioid pain management. That would make 2 much sense though
You know what those folks could use? Healthcare and rehab - not going to get it with the latest Republican "plan" tho
keep fighting for us, I appreciate it.
I do, as a recovering addict. U must stop them repeal ACA, which is saving ppl, lives from addictions.
please we in ohio are desperate. Stop the repeal of aca and stop the budget for increased military spending
let's talk health care cuts and more military spending. Will you stop this for your constituency?
Dopers will be dopers!Just Stop the flow of narcosis into this country and penalize doctors who overprescribe pills.
Yea and it will be worse when you take away everyone's health care and they turn to drugs to cope.
take away their healthcare and it will be more.
if the GOP healthcare is passed you better get used to that number and even add a bunch without mental health parity
more compare that too how many people immigrants have killed and ask why we need a travel ban or border wall.
Give. Them. Free. Health. Care.
work for your constituents instead of your party.
Grateful you stood up for the Medicaid expansion benefits that save the lives of the 495 opiate addicts I have in treatment
It is shocking. Will the new healthcare be AFFORDABLE? They will need ongoing health support.
Improve the ACA so people can afford to get treatment! Don't repeal, improve!
That's more than war. More than terrorists. And the GOP healthcare bill rolls back Medicaid expansion for treatment.
Every day, you are losing at least 144 votes for reelection because you won't schedule a #REALTownHallNOW. #wewillnotforget
These words ring hollow as you prepare to strip people of health insurance.
recovery requires health care, mental health services, community support & paid sick leave.  Who has that access?
and think of the people that will be without mecuare care if you pass that garbage trump prosed.
.@senrobportman @YouTube We're about to lose a lot more than 144/day to a lack of healthcare. Think about that.
and yet you want to destroy the ACA which will impact that number drastically. Where is your brain?
and that number will increase when you repeal the #ACA which covers treatment. Think about that. #DumpPortman
You know what might help? Affordable health insurance. Then people could get the treatment they need.
#TrumpRussia
that's more than Traffic accident fatalities and epidemic.My hearts with families who struggle with recovery failure
and more..I lost my 28 yr old nephew to alcoholism a year ago.  We need to address the causes of addiction...period..
yea, b/c you won't do anything in D.C. except undo everything that our last pres. did, b/c if his color.
Currently the #1 cause of death here in Butler County
trump are will increase this count
.@senrobportman And the GOP healthcare plan guts drug treatment funding for the poor / uninsured. Please continue to oppose it.
then stand up for these people against the repeal! Work for us and not your D.C. cronies!
but replacing the #ACA will let you cut taxes on the wealthy, right?
and let people die on your watch.
And the "new" GOP health "care" plan ain't gonna help one whit.
how can we get them in treatment?
that's 93 people. Every single day, 93 people.
why does that bother you? You aren't bothered by the 93 people who die every day from gun violence.
and now people with mental health problems and drug addictions can have a gun. Nice work
how many potential Einsteins are we losing daily in Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati to abortion?
BTW Einstein could have chosen laudanum and forget his troubles. He fought and got beat up and had  breakdowns.
Make sure that all insurance covers mental health care and is affordable! Moaning about it isn't enough.
I wonder how many a day from other causes it will be with the House ACA replacement,
Have you asked @newtgingrich why he started this by supporting big pharma?
