Align with American People and #POTUS.I'm for draining the #swamp and you are in it. Step aside, sir. Get out of the way. People have spoken
Have a real town hall, you know, with people, from towns - or call it something else. Coward.
I have been an employee my whole life, and never ONCE thought about regulatory relief. You SURE these weren't management?
Have a real town hall.
seriously who runs your strategic communications? Your messaging is bad and your pictures unflattering. #AmateurHour
A townhall at an employer with all white guys.  (Thx for the pics) Do you really think that's representative of your constituents? @OHDems
Wow, that a lot of tweets about one company. How much did the owners donate to your campaign? And town hall, by definition, can't be just...
...cherry-picking the people who attend from one small subgroup. You need to include the entire "town", which in your case means all Ohioans
Sir, you need to stop calling all your meetings with business people "townhalls".  They're not.
Not fooling anybody, Portman. You're just pathetically transparent.
Rob is a major disappointment to Ohioans
Portman is a putz
But the employees won't be the ones getting tax relief the owners will
No one cares what you're doing. You're term cannot end soon enough for Ohio. You are a #Pathetic Senator!
You voted to take Medicaid away from needy Ohioans, including children. How do you look yourself in the mirror when you shave?
He didn't support the Medicaid recipients in Meigs or Gallic or Nelson, did he. He was willing that children on Medicaid have no healthcare.
They are all white men over 40 years old! Is this your snapshot of Ohio or America? NOPE. Have a real townhall, coward.
Two women can't form a angry woman group, it would have to be AN angry WOMEN's group, but thanks for your advice.
Where was the town hall meeting?  Terrace park will have different views than the rest of ohio
Not a town hall
Because you can't have a town hall with your constituents.  You should be ashamed of yourself.  No spine, no courage, failure for Ohio.  Sad
It's not a town hall if you're required to attend, on the clock, and your boss is supervising it.
Hold a real town hall, scaredy cat
Meet Beezer and Bunny. I just had a town hall with them. They were free to agree with everything I said. Beezer and Bunny make me happy. 
Get ACA repealed first.
If they're at their workplace, compelled to be there, and under the close eye of management, that is no Town Hall. You coward.
It's an insult that you call this a townhall. We are not stupid and we are watching.
No purple state you said you wanted when there's  a select audience  you want. LISTEN TO EVERYONE!
the town wasn't invited, so it is not a #TownHall. Why are you so scared of your constituents? #DoYourJob
Whoa..what regulations are we talking about? I like clean water and clean air. A safe working environment a good thing too!
Mention you confirmed clueless @BetsyDeVosED because she gave you $51k? Futures of OH kids aren't worth much huh?
Could you be any more weird and obviously unconcerned with what everyday people face?
Have U read any of these responses? Time for a change  #yourefired #pathetic #worthless #liar #TownHall #notownhall #Healthcare
This is not a townhall. It does not serve as your duty in meeting openly with your constituents. Try again.
A town hall is meeting with and hearing your constituents, not speaking to an employee group.
You voted for a bill that would have killed your constituents - the needy, elderly & ill. You're a coward & a fraud. Resign.
Employees there out of politeness dont count
This is NOT a town hall. These folks are there due to their employment. Rob this is just sad
By 2020 projected that 5 Million MFG Jobs lost to AI  
Tax & regs not the problem.
...good grief
.@senrobportman Ahhhh, so THAT’s why you don’t have town halls! You don’t know what town halls are! Fair enough!
Enjoyed meeting the workers here & hearing abt issues imp't to them. During employee town hall, we discussed importance of tax & reg relief 
You and 20 white guys. How representative of Ohio 
I am certainly not buying it
Protect the wrkrs, environ, and us so that tax and reg relief doesn't just incr. the officers' and boards' compensation.
You use employees as props for you #killtheearth agenda why won't you meet with all the citizens of #Ohio what are you afraid of?
Ole spineless Rob is too afraid to meet with his constituents! Afraid of having to answer tough questions! #spinelessrobportman
We would like a real town hall.  Not phone, not facebook.
an event at which a politician or public official answers questions from members of the public.

noun: town hall meeting

Hope this helps...
Why don't you have a town hall outside your safety net?
Blah Blah Blah.  Same stuff, different day.
Cut health and safety regs and give tax breaks to the rich. Do you even understand anything else? Do some homework. Part of your job!
Employee townhall? How about a constituent townhall! If it was so good for those ees think how good it will be for the public you respresnt.
I bet it was, "FAIR & BALANCED," as stories were swapped.
Were these minimum wage workers?
Did you share the tax relief of INVESTOR CLASS?Hm
Oh so you're familiar with the words "Town" and "Hall" after all? How about hosting one for your constituents?
Your actions regarding the healthcare vote demonstrate far more about who you are as a senator than these little feel good messages
Oh god, what an immoral liar you are. Typical Repub-lie-con. I've seen your twitter replies for months. Fix the ACA you horrible human being
NOT a town hall if the town isn't 1) aware of it, or 2) invited.  We are also NOT stupid, so quit acting like we are.  #remember
Gag...you do not care. Moreover...these passive-aggressive tweets...are nothing more than calculated, condescending harassment.
And healthcare, town halls open to all??
Stop in my business and meet my four employees, held captive by a private health insurance system that discriminates against individuals.
Another captive audience.  I am sure it was a very candid talk. And that is sarcasm in case you missed it. How about a real town hall?
When will you have an in-person town hall with the rest of your constients? Those not pre-selected fir you?
Not really a town hall. It's called work.
Repeal Obamacare and unexempt Congress from it!
You deserve a pre-existing condition or illness that reaches your lifetime cap.
Psst! 20 mil have no health insurance now, millions more can't afford the deductibles and this was the best Demokrats can do
5 million of those are in states where Repub-lie-cons did not expand Medicaid. Over half of price increases are because of R obstruction.
Trumpcare proposals would have made 20 to 33 million lose their insurance, ok to refuse on pre-existing conditions, allowed lifetime caps.
Why do you even tweet? You never listen to the responses. Twitter decently substitutes for a real town hall, yet no response from you. Sad!
How about no changes in the tax code until 45 shows us HIS tax returns?
We can tell you're lying because your lips are moving. Have a real town hall, not a photo op. #fraud #resign
You can't help us against Trump. You pick party over your voters. I'm done with you.
So you only have town halls to meet w/ppl who agree with your pre established agenda. Good to know. PS. That doesn't work for the rest of us
AlwYs the first thing on any good workers mind
A meeting at a place of employment is not a town hall.   You won't have town halls
For the 50th time: Talking to a business's employees IS NOT a Town Hall.
Your last real, open-to-the-public Town Hall was 2 & 3/4 years ago.
Hey chickenshit Portman long as you try having a real town hall meeting where you can talk about Healthcare
No such thing as "employee Town Hall". Workers not free to speak to all issues at their employer. Why are you afraid of real Town Halls!?!
Nonunion co. would benefit greatly from rolling back Obama's overtime law. Don't even think abt it, Rob. And go talk to some union workers.
HC was not discussed ? Rob you lie to us all. Don't think tax regs are high on any voters priority list. SINGLE PAYER system now !
I work f/ home. Can you please schedule an "employee town hall" here at my workplace since that's all you're willing to do?
#REALTownHallNOW
once again, captive audience that you can control the questions. When are you going to show at a public meeting & answer ?'s
That's a funny looking #Townhall
Employee town hall???!!  How about a constituent town hall w/people who WANT to be there, not people being used as political props. 
STOP CALLING IT A TOWN HALL!!  IT IS A CAPTIVE, PAID AUDIENCE!!!!
I'm still looking for a job, Rob. When's my town hall?
You're telling me none of those people give a shit abt healthcare? NOBODY brought it up? Oh, wait, they're at work and can't rock the boat.
