: Help Rob Portman become his own man! 
https://www.gofundme.com/buy-back-rob-portman …
Apparently UR working 2 increase better wages for multi-millionaires like Betsy DeVos. Shame on you, crony capitalism! 51,000
better wages for graduates?  They must have a solid education for that!  #NODEVOS!  We must do better!
Crook.
Except for overpaid teachers per Betsy DeVos.  #dumpDEVOS
Too bad the workforce will be so uneducated no one will want to hire them, consequences of DeVos for Ed Sec
#veteransbeforthewall
And that starts with educating our children. Unfortunately, you chose your party & unqualified candidate over our children.
@CherylShuman @Enquirer One question Bob, did you vote yea or nay on Devos?
Education levels the playing field first. Don't disappoint us by voting for Devos
what Ohio (& this nation) needs is a qualified Education sec. Stand up for your people, Portman #DumpDeVos
oh? So you care about Ohio? How about listening to the ppl who voted for you and say no to @BetsyDeVos.
Republicans teach AND VOTE!!!  #DUMPDEVOS
this sounds great & please vote NO on Betsy Devos. Her unqualified leadership will kill education and jobs in Ohio.
IF you care about constituents, you would protect our kids by voting NO on DeVos. Children over party politics!
https://www.gofundme.com/buy-back-rob-portman …

You are a running joke with your constituents. Did you really think we wouldn't see through this?!
Senator Portman, you know what will create jobs in Ohio? Clean Energy initiatives!  #NoToPruitt
your phones are busy/answering machines full. Collecting a full paycheck for not working???
We can't have good jobs without excellent education.
You need to stand up on the DeVos confirmation Monday.
Betsy DeVos will be sure Ohioans aren't educated enough for those jobs. Vote NO on DeVos #DoYourJob
More jobs and better wages, but what about the quality of education necessary to fill those jobs? (No on DeVos)
Educators are urging you to vote NO on DeVos! Listen to the experts!
a fair level playing field is all my students need also please no to Devos #nodevos #idea
your (conservative) constituents are overwhelmingly saying NO DeVoss - will you heed what they are asking? Please reply!
State contracts should give pref. to OH companies & workers. Support OH if low bid is less than 1% more than out-of-state bid
I will not be voting for you again if you confirm DeVoss.  You are not doing what WE OHIOANS have asked you to do!
dump DeVos first
strong education leads to strong work force #noDevos
Betsy DeVos’s nomination is not about making public education more effective. Vote No! https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/02/opinion/wanted-one-republican-with-integrity-to-defeat-betsy-devos.html …
that starts with free public education. #noDeVos
Paid $50K to vote for DeVos. Traitor.
All children deserve an equal & level playing field.Disgusted that you are supporting DeVos for Sec of Ed. #NoDeVos
& a good education. Vote no on Devos.
No on DeVos
does this mean you will vote no to DeVos so Ohioans can be well educated and trained for the workforce?
Do you know how to level the playing field? Access to higher education!
You can't get a good job without a decent education.  Vote no on DeVos.
Ohioans have a fair and Level Playing Field except for training and education of Ohio Workers. Vote no for DeVos.
do you want to create better wages then need free and better education, training, schools . Don't vote for DeVos.
and some decent education, fat chance with DeVos. #ResistDeVos Committing to her, embarrassing
how about talking with your constituents about the issues & then vote
as a teacher here in OH my job is important too! Our kids need our great public schools to b ready for those jobs! #DumpDevos
Thanks for following your excrement party ... you are doing nothing to help education.
but are you going to vote no on DeVos?
Do you think Betsy De Vos is the best choice for Ohio's kids?  This mom says no!
please release the tally for the YES and NO votes on DeVos from your constituents. Give us the numbers..
continue to work to not make the GOP mad. You look weak.  Fair and level playing field. Who are you kidding?
OHIO is against DeVos.  Who are you working for now? So disingenuous. I would like to know the YES and NO calls on DeVos.
Glad you will work for better wages.That's the reason to vote no on Mr. Puzder's nomination for Secretary of Labor.
BTW. We won't forget Rs overriding rules to get their way. On top if all the obstructions during Obama yrs.
Devos bought your vote with a $51,000 campaign contribution.
you won't get my vote like last election
#blockdevos  I am a constituent listen to what I say or else
Right now I need to represent the country and figure out how to impeach Trump who is taking us down!!!Then you can work on Oh
jobs means you would have ignored the 20k+ in campaign money #Devos gave you.   Too bad you obviously don't care
And please also support school choice, stand with DEVOS!
well... isn't that cute. Special Ed teachers are going to be job hunting. #noDevos
JUST SAY NO TO BETSY DEVOS! FROM ZIP CODE AREA 43123! WE NEED YOU TO LISTEN TO US AND FIGHT FOR OUR KIDS!
how can we create better jobs when you take money from DeVos and refuse to stand up for education!
please vote no on DeVoss!So many better conservative candidates available! Ohio public schools must need your help!
We need a good education system.  Vote no on Betsy DeVos!
Our children deserve and fair & level learning field.  Vote NO on DeVos, please!
Make no mistake,  you continue to do what is best for you and other power players, not the people of Ohio.
forgot to tell u I am Ohio voter.  VOTE NO ON DEVOS
thank you so much for this! Just a reminder we want a fairness in schools too. Please #DumpDevos #StopDeVos!
They also deserve a decent education. No on DeVos, please.
vote No on Devos
Great jobs require great education and great leadership. #DeVosHearing doesn't basic understand education pedagogy.
Why are you supporting Betsy DeVos? This is an outrage.
They also need a decent education! So why are you supporting Betsy DeVos? I'm so disappointed.
How about protecting jobs at Dep of Ed, Energy, EPA.  Trump noms will gut them. #StopDeVos #StandUpToTrump #EPA
while you're working on Ohio jobs, vote no on DeVos to protect Ohio children and public schools. She's wrong for buckeyes
Shame our youth won't receive the education needed to compete globally.  You need to pay better attention or you will lose
your a sellout. Very dissapointed in you. Lost my vote and everyone I tell I hope.
U continue to ignore constituents begging u vote NO on Betsy DeVos! She is clearly unqualified! This is NOT a partisan issue!
Thank you for that, Sen. Portman. While you're at it, kindly & respectfully vote no on Betsy DeVos for Secy of Ed.
it starts with education. Don't be another sheep in the flock. Listen to your constituents...the people that pay your salary.
you and Congress should just be done within this farce - go literally pee on the constitution. Make it a swift end
not to mention the "religious freedom" orders now being bantered abou. More like imposing the alt right on us.
but you kowtow to an administration set on ballooning spending on an ineffectual wall and sending military to mexic
vote no on DeVos. Stand up to Trump. Country over party.
can't wait until the job of Ohio Senator is created when you're gone! Never been so disappointed to have voted for someone.
Please listen to your Ohio constituents, No DE VOS!
Let's give all kids a level playing field with strong public schools. REJECT DEVOS
that's why you're voting for DeVos even though she owes  our state millions of dollars??? You should be ashamed
Please vote no on #DeVos. A lobbyist doesn't belong in shaping our schools.
Vote No on Devos
PLEASE VOTE NO ON DEVOS.  THIS is what #Ohio needs.  Do not contribute to the destruction of #publiceducation
all future Ohio workers also need a shot at a good education. Vote #noDevos #DumpDevos. @OHDistrict2 @OHEducation
.@ksv100 @OHDistrict2 @senrobportman @Enquirer @OHEducation senator Portman are you going to vote in favor of Betsy PRINCE #DeVos?
Please vote against DeVos.  We need to protect public schools from her.
stop trying to distract from what Repubs and DJT are doing. You can't hide forever!
just remember to think about teacher's jobs when you vote for secretary of education
talk about a level playing field: it will be anything but w/ DeVos & her privatized public schools. Please vote no!
and who is going to do these high paid jobs poorly educated Ohioans (thanks DeVos) or immigrants oops?
#NotoDeVos
We can't have that if our public schools and environment are savaged! No on #devos #DumpDevos #epa
GREAT! Thank you for your work and your commitment to OH. Pls vote no on DeVos' nomination.
Keep DP&L Stuart Station and Killen Station running and keep Ohio jobs. Adams County depends on it!
Hollow words from a hollow man. Stop this executive overreach RIGHT NOW! Grow a backbone
Why keep reposting this?  We keep telling you what we want to talk about. Start listening. #resist
If you want level playing field for ALL Ohioans, vote NO on DeVos. Public educ is the KEY to equal start.
And a good, accessible education.  Vote NO on #DeVosvote.  BE ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF HISTORY.
How are you going to make new jobs & protect ones we have when you don't have the backbone to stand up to Donald Trump?
Vote NO on DeVos please. Put children before your party.
Thank you for this pledge. Protect our unions then.  And vote against the exploiter Puzner. You know it's right.
From an educator working in the 43812 zip code, vote NO on DeVos. Listen to your constituents! #DumpDevos
That starts with placing value on education. Please vote NO on DeVos!
.@senrobportman Can you maybe also do something about the crumbling checks and balances on our Republic?
you are not listening to us. You're not and it's so frustrating! Focus on what we are telling you we care about!!!!
NO ON DEVOS
Sir:We the People ask that human rights b foremost with cabinet pic-Vote NO on Sessions.Keep the children safe
More jobs in the future won't do any good if our kids can't learn to think for themselves.  "No" on DeVos, please.
your silence shows your weakness, constituents are telling you NO DeVos & NO Sessions you work for us!
Be Ohio's Education Hero and VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!! She is not qualified! Vote NO as your  constituents demand for our kids!!!
Great, but how can you accept thousands in campaign donations from DeVos when she owes millions in fines? No on DeVos!
Sir:We the People ask you to review the IDEA and fact Ms.DeVos doesn't know what it.is or how important. Vote No, DeVos
you can start w voting NO on DeVos & Sessions. Listen to OH.
pleaze voat 4 DiiVoss i theenk shee shudd Gudd 4 hour kits
but will you stand up to potus/bannon?
portman doesn't have a clue what a job is. He is just a Worthless career politician
we need quality education as well, oppose Betsy Devos.
Vote NO on DeVos!
as a public school teacher and mother to a child with a 504 plan you MUST vote NO to DeVos!! #StopDeVos
Why aren't your offices answering  phone Cbus, Cinn, Toledo, Cleveland DC????
because he's already said he's going to vote YES for DeVos. Ignoring the calls is not the way to handle it
They also need decent public schools to ensure a better future. Vote NO on DeVos.
#jobs need to be filled by a well prepared workforce across SES. Defend public schools. Vote NO on DeVos.
You can’t improve wages by giving the wealthiest tax cuts. You can improve wages by requiring that employers pay better wages
Access to quality public education prepres Ohians for the workforce! Vote NO on deVos!
we need public education leadership that knows about public education. Please vote no on devos
then you should make sure playing field is level with charter and for profit schools compared to public schools. No on Devos
oh. and workers haven't had a level playing field in forty years, fyi
Try boosting consumer demand, Rob, RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE!
Please vote NO on DeVos. We need a Sec of Ed with experience and knowledge and care for ALL children.
.@senrobportman OH needs clean http://streams.Vote  to keep the Stream Protection Rule.NO to coal waste in our waters! #ProtectCleanWater
start by supporting the @EPA in #Ohio clean rivers, clean lakes, clean forests, more jobs.
please vote no on Devos.  Please
Thank you for your leadership in Senate, we need to collaborate on solutions to our problems, not work in isolation
Enough vague I will work for tweets. Do something useful, vote no on DeVos and Sessions.
Your phone lines are jammed! Do you have a bat phone I can call to tell you #nobetsydevos? Listen to Ohio #noDevos
if you want to help real Ohioans then stand with unions and stop fighting against us. I am a constituent.
Please vote "NO" On DeVos!!!
will you continue to destroy our schools and environment?
And you're going to do that by protecting our civil liberties first and foremost and staying on guard against bigotry. RIght?
please vote no on DeVos.
Really? Youre going to tweet about jobs but stay silent on the DeVos issue? Take a stand & do the right thing.
Will you protect our Healthcare? Or just repeal the ACA and wish us the best of luck?
how about a $15 minimum wage then?
Just remember to vote NO on DeVos. She will cost jobs, not create them. Ohio is counting on your NO vote! #DumpDevos
Ohio needs you to vote no to DeVos!!! Please stand up for public education!
JUST MORE GOP BULLSHIT FROM THE DOPE CAPITAL OF AMERICA SENATOR!
thank you for your focus on jobs. #Ohio NEEDS you to please vote NO to #BetsyDeVos. Protect our education system!
Say No to devos. From the 45242 zip.
Our public schools need a Sec of Ed that will #standup4publiceducation too! Requesting a NO vote on DeVos.
If you are concerned about OH jobs, start w/hiring more people for your offices to answer phones. #StopAvoidingUs #TownHall
"Your call is important to us.."
What Ohio needs is for you to vote NO on DeVos. Listen to your constituents and stand up for the children. Be strong.
great!  Also we need you to block #BetsyDeVos
Then you better work to keep our SS/Medicare/ACA in tact!  That's what's FAIR! NO right to work state either.
Mandatory E-Verify, detain and deport.
What do you think about your boss' temperament during that phone call to the Australian PM?
Please vote NO on Devos.
Please have the courage to vote against unqualified Betsy DeVos.
If he did, it might change my opinion that he's a spineless coward with 0 moral fiber. Wouldn't bet on it tho.
ohioans need a great education to get great jobs. Vote no on Devos! #DumpDevos
Please vote  'No' on DeVos!
