You had better be REALLY concerned, enough to vote NO! This should be a "no brainer" for you, Ohio needs Medicaid. You are scared of Trump 
A huge problem for sure...and their is so much more wrong with this bill #supportyourconstituents#dont cave
While I am happy that you currently oppose the health care bill - there are other people beside the opioid addicted that NEED Medicaid!
Medicaid isn't the problem here. It's greed and stupidity. Medicaid helps more than you realize apparently. #whidespectrum #voteno
Surely you can get together with Democrats who want to fix ACA. There are Republicans as well who wish to fix healthcare.
what about the impact to Medicaid cuts in children and families with disabilities? Just as important as opioid crisis
Yes!
VOTE NO - IT'S AS SIMPLE AS THAT
Stop expanding Medicaid, only a safety net. Should not be expanded to encompass the capable.
Don't give a shit....help the middle class for once
Any obstructionists will be voted out.
I'm not really a fan of his but he's not being an obstructionist, he's actually trying to do what's right & consider repercussions to ppl
Can't have it all. Of the bill doesn't pass we are in deep crap. Senators who obstruct will end up losing elections.
yeah let's kick 22 million people to the curb to save a few tax $$. Build that wall instead! Stupid
Please Sen Portman don't vote yes on healthcare bill! Please don't take McConnells bribe, don't sell out America please
what about all the trillions in tax cuts to the rich? Money for insurance companies and big pharma? That should bother you!
Vote no!!  Ohioans need you to care!
Thank you Sen Portman.  Also current bill makes health insurance unaffordable for ppl 50 -64 tears of age.
U promised u would repeal this crap and is why people voted for you! So did Trump which is why he won ur state by 10% bc Ohioans want repeal
Time to live up to your promise! Don't make a liar out of yourself or you will find yourself out of a job!!!
Use other countries as examples & see what will work for the USA.  Time is now for #UniversalHealthCare.  Healthcare is a right.
Are you going to throw my grandma out of her nursing home? Medicaid is paying for her to be there. Please help our Senior Citizens!
Please continue to oppose the Health Care bill.  It will hurt poor working families, the disabled and the elderly.
He ran on the promise of repealing it, time to live up to his promise. I'm sick of paying ridiculously high premiums bc some incompetent
Idiots don't care enough to take care of themselves. To go from $400 a month to 1200+ a month after being promised 2500 is unacceptable
Please visit Nationwide Children's Hospital during the recess. My niece is a nurse there.She may lose her job if you take the Opiod deal
Don't fall for this bribe Rob, it won't help my nephew at all.
Don't hold the bill up over the medicaid expansion you accepted under Obama. GOP has a plan that will end suffering for 10's of mil #YES
What about the older people and low income people.  Sick people. They need help and coverage too.
My son died because he had half a heart. If you vote yes on this horrible bill children like him will continue to die.
You don't want Medicaid to exist.
Why is it always the opioid addicts?  What about those who chose not to do drugs but are sick with real diseases???
What about life saving drugs costing $9,000/month w/o insurance? Will person lose Insurance when cap reached? Is he supposed to die?
very big of you to come out firmly against the Senate Secret healthcare bill AFTER its pulled by MCConnell
I'm a law abiding citizen why should I suffer bc u can't control drug addicts who are breaking the law&don't care to take care of themselves
I encourage you to look at the other health conditions that are comorbid with addiction; they need funding also
Vote no!!! Don't repeal, improve!!
More subsidies, really..........
Do what's right Senator
What about mental health care in general? Not all mentally ill are addicts needing addiction care. Some just need basic therapy/medication.
What about older poor seniors that wouldn't be able to afford health insurance under the Republican plan.
You should be concerned about the 22 billion uninsured!!! You guys are failing us in major ways!!
What about disabled children?
I wish the Concern was more about Middle Class working people rather than drug treatment or Millennial Medicaid
My dad was on Medicaid in Ohio and got medication for his bipolar disorder. Mental health care is critical. My dad couldn't get a job w/o it
ACA Medicaid pre-existing conditlons protection.  Thank you for reading the bill & your concerns about Medicaid cuts.
Easy to "have concerns" when others go first
Takes real courage to come out in opposition AFTER the vote was postponed
BOOM.  Roasted.
So the rest of us can die?
Does that include alcohol treatment? I know opiod abuse is all over headlines... but alcoholism still destroys more lives and families.
Tell me more about how you oppose a bill you were supposed to be writing ?
Please vote No!
But not those that impact pregnant women, children, the elderly, the poor?
You should be concerned. You should not vote for it.
"but I'll continue to be super vague about it."
States have taxing authority. There is no need for federal involvement in this. Build the wall. Prepare the 2018 budget. Pay off the debt.
I am going to continue to bug you about coverage for mental health & preexisting conditions...both of which affect me!
I have concerns about women having any healthcare at all.
Your not fooling anyone. Where were you before the bill was delayed? Do something for the good of the people instead of Trumps bunch.
That simply isn't enough.  What about the lifetime caps?  What about mandating a minimum level of coverage at least for employer plans?
are you so upset that you will return the $382,100 you got from insurance companies and Big Pharma?
But you will still vote for it, just like Mitch says, amirite?
Can't wait for the backlash when you vote yes on this garbage legislation. The people will be heard.
Gutsmedicaid. Read bill or have them explain the truth about this bill. Horrible bill!
What about the rest!!
Your constituents continue 2 have concerns abt you. UR not listening 2 us. #Ohioans want 2 #FixTheACA. Have #REALTownHallNOW, we'll explain.
GOP wants tax cuts 4 rich. 1st priority is people. Your money will outlive all of you. No tax cuts 4 rich.Expand Medicaid. Higher subsidies.
Republicans are playing politics with people's lives. Harvard released a report showing 280k people would prob DIE as a result of this bill.
Do not back down by being offered minor changes . No to this bill, fix ACA.
Does the slashing of insurance for cancer patients and #metavivor concern you? Or is that the part of #trumpcare you find to be "promising"?
Thank you for being concerned about the elderly, disabled and others who rely on Medicaid. These cuts are too deep - put them at great risk.
Are you providing the road map for how @SenateMajLdr needs to change the bill to get your vote? Focus on improving #ACA #VoteNO
What about the nursing home care? Seniors shouldn't be put out on the street
Drug tax and helping those that can't help themselves. Focusing on opiate crisis takes focus off of the other stuff you are killing
One question...
Why is "MY" healthcare such a partisan issue? My "failing" heart is an independent! 
Signed,
Scared Ohioan
