Wait, what? It's perfectly fine to jack up the debt to reward corporations and the wealthy... Just don't track your logic here, Senator?
How about we have a #TownHall so WE can tell you what to cut. You work for us @senrobportman
You forgot to add the $15,000 used to line your pockets at the expense of the tax payers and future tax payers.
So why did you approve the #GOPTaxScam that adds another trillion to the debt?
Sen... after you voted for that taxscam,you want to pretend you are concerned about debt. You do this every time GOP robs us.
debt can be fixed by properly taxing the rich and people like you and cutting corporate welfare
you would have a lot more credibility if your own programs like #CARA didn't directly contribute to the debt!
so you'll oppose increased spending on the military.
But we're cutting everything to build a wall?? Jobs and infrastructure????
fiscal responsibility should starts at the top. Why does Trump get to live like a King, while Americans beg for crumbs?
then don't give rich a massive tax cut. Don't fund a border wall that is unnecessary. Don't increase military spending.
so why are you considering tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans? You make me sick
You're going to dicuss this at a #TownHall? Name time and place, we will ALL be there!
find something else to,our besides meals on wheels. Or PBS. Or environmental support. Would ya??
I swear I looked up 'hypocrite' in the dictionary and there was your picture.
It's a pretty obvious pattern. The right jacks up the debt & fucks up the economy so bad that people vote for (centrist) Democrats who come in and try to fix things by raising taxes and then the right goes "ohhh see they just want to raise taxes and take your guns #rinserepeat
#LastTermRob #KochPuppet #Complicit #GOPTaxScam
The debt is far from our most pressing problem.  Listen to your constituents for clues as to what they are concerned about.
obviously cutting off funding for Sesame St. will solve this debt.
is this before or after the charges for 45's weekend ego/golf trips and Melanie's tower safety fund are added in?
Why is YOUR non-job no longer a 6 mo. volunteer position?! Or would coming back to work among your constituents be too difficult for all of you?! Why did you all vote for higher pay on a non-job & in the last 4-8 years updated your PRIVATE HEALTHCARE? Because of privilege!
how much of that is tax money spent by dictators like you and Trump
How much in taxes do we lose to corporate welfare and overseas tax havens? How much does Trump pay in taxes?
Is this you justifying your approval or Trump's viscous budget? Clarify your position! Do you support poor Ohioans?
so we should build a wall and spend more on the military?
Well if trump wasn't living off of the "I'm president and I do what I want" social program perhaps we would be able to do better
and your going to vote for the budget, the wall and Trumpcare. Lets check the expenditures please. Adding to the debt not OK
so you're trying to get us to appreciate budget cuts? who wants to freaking kill Elmo and stop feeding old people, you do!!
If only your party controlled both houses of Congress and the White House you could do something about this.
1 weekend at Mar-a-Lago=$3.7million
1 hour flying on Air Force One=$200,000
1 day NYC security=$1 million
why are we paying millions so the first family can live in NYC and for weekly Florida golf trips? Why is this ok?
Simple solution, legalize recreational marijuana just like the district you work in.  Problem solved YW.
So we need more military spending but not healthcare, eldercare, education.  How do you live with yourself?
Are you going to blame it on Obama? Nice try, let's look to your GOP George W Bush and an unfunded war, off the books.
No tax cuts for the super rich
just the money your giving up in tax cuts in the AHCA would make a big dent in that debt!
We should absolutely stop paying for POTUS vacations then.
yes, so tax the rich, stop war and have Melania and Donald get theirs butts to work at WH.
which is why spending MUST be brutally cut on non-essentials and non-performing agencies.
Vote no on trumpcare
Trump military budget not the way to address our issues
Trumps budget will add massively to the debt
So you'll support raising taxes, right?
no more paid travel. Staff cut in half. Must purchase insurance through the exchange.  It's public service, not exploitation.
I propose the following cuts: 50% cut in pay for all congress, senators, and president. Eliminate all retirement pay. Cont...
no more tax breaks 2wealthy, give up your excessive health care pkg, no 2 more trump vacations, 1 residence 4 1st family
Seems to me that taxing the rich instead of giving them a tax cut might help lower debt.
Misleading. Maybe you can pay yours with the DeVos bribe you got.
Nice math, General Specific. How about cutting spending from the top down instead of bottom up!
focusing on debt to get backing, bait & switch, fight for you constituents, healthcare environment federal programs priority
You need to examine the $600B to $700B of annual spending on military + another $40B on DHS and $70B on VA. What are we defending ? ?
I live in a two person household where does the extra $64,600 come from shurely our cat can't owe more than us?
so get rid of @_MealsOnWheels ? Why not get rid of your govt health plan and go on ours?
$2,183,565 from investment bankers since 2011. Who do you even work for?
$149,000 from goldman sachs since they wrecked the economy. Yeah, you're worth listening to
and your solution is to give bigger tax breaks to the wealthiest Americans? Makes sense.
We hope you plan to do more than tweet about it! What edits have you propsed to the next budget bill?
Debt happened when Bush put 2 wars on the credit card & simultaneously gave tax cuts 2 the wealthiest @senrobportman
+Unfriendly reminder that @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS could save about $182,500,000 a year just by living in the same mansion.
are you adding the 3 million a weekend at Maro Lago for the last 6 weeks?
better cut taxes for the rich!
you can thank Karl Rove and the WAR on the deficit.  Poor people, the arts, scientists, & ACA didn't cause this problem....
is this your rationale for #TrumpcareIsWorseThan ?  We are just waiting. We know you don't have the guts to oppose it
maybe if your president and corporations paid taxes .... hmmm
Why don't you take a look @ the numbers of Ohioans who wanna #savetheACA & havea #REALTownHallNOW. #lookatthosenumbers #repUS
our problem is how much politicians spend. Take a pay cut, if you're so interested lowering spending. @amjoyshow #ohio
You sir will never get re-elected so say goodbye
we will have to slash programs for the unfortunate, place that burden on the working class and cut taxes for the wealthy. 
Our??? OUR??? Dude, seems as a senator you're set up for life. You don't have to worry about health insurance or a paycheck
let's talk about debt during the Bush administration. You should know a thing or two about that, right?
What are: things predictably caused by massive tax breaks for the rich and land wars in Asia? #GOP #Jeopardy
how much do I owe for the president and his family to live in D.C, New York, and Florida?
yeah... thanks for supporting Golden Shower Trump & his cronies so they can line their pockets at our expense. Shame
Your party never cares about the debt when in power. They run it up while hurting the vulnerable. Can you help change that?
Here's a look at Xavier's final score from last night:

@XavierMBB : 91
@fsuhoops : 66
I know you're as pumped as anyone Rob!
sweet, keep spewing $ for trips to Florida bc the cold hurts his bones...also so his wife doesn't have to live with him 
Tax cuts for the rich,  war budget, endless wars, subsidies for wall st parasites.
tax the rich! Cut the pentagon's budget
