Vote NO on Graham Cassidy bill. No one is answering your phones and your mailbox is full. This is not a way to listen to your constituents.
You could do a lot to support conservation by withdrawing the RAA.  We need protection with enforcement.
You voter for Scott Pruitt, how do those two actions relate?
I'm a small farmer in Tuscarawas Co. I care about conservation. And if you vote for Graham-Cassidy, I will work myself raw to unseat you.
So Scott Pruitt and what's happening at EPA must sicken you, as it does most of us.
Nonsense, Senator. You voted for @ScottPruittOK . You're doing no such thing.
Who put #Pruitt in place in the #EPA? Hypocrite, thy name is Portman. Also? #GrahamCasiddy still stinks. Vote no, Sir Hypocrite.
Stop jumping around the important subject at hand.DENOUNCE Graham-Cassidy.Be serious about healthcare,work with Democrats for something good
That would be great if you actually did. But you don’t. So this is a lie. And you don’t care.
Vote NO on GrahamCassidy. Then do something that actually protects our environment.
Mr. Portman, you are the hypocrites hypocrite. You waffle, dodge and wait until it is safe before saying anything about Graham/Cassidy.
The NRA IS NOT A NATIONAL RESOURCE! They support white nationalists and help destroy the lives of future generations through gun violence
Dear Sen. Portman: it's telling that every one of your tweets are overwhelmed with replies requesting you vote no on Graham Cassidy.  Do it.
Do you really think he reads this? His line is busy and voicemail is ful. He's not listening.
No but his staff does.
#Trump is not my president, you are not my senator. Lived in Ohio all my life, but you and GOP might move my tax dollars elsewhere.
Then you're against down-sizing our national monuments???
You are a U.S.Senator. You have the power and duty to speak out and take action on this unstable man.
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Wait, is that not ‘burdensome regulations’? 
Senator Portman, do the right thing for the people and not just for the party!  Vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy Health Care bill.
This guy is voting to kill Americans by taking away their health care with BAD graham-cassidy bill

Vote Him OUT ! 

Anti-American p. o. s.
#GrahamCassidy 2.0 is out -- and it's protections for pre-existing conditions look even weaker.
Why haven't you been to Grand Lake St. Marys? Most polluted lake in state, the cause of Lake Erie crisis! Actions speak  louder than words
Great Rob ..but when will you proudly announce your vote on #TrumpCare Graham - Cassidy or has your vote all ready been bought and paid for
PEOPLE are the country’s most precious natural resource and we need protected from Graham-Cassidy  &  @gop intent on killing healthcare.
But you support an @Interior secretary who is recommending the end of national monuments and public lands?
AND, .@senrobportman, you support #epa administrator who doesn't understand #climatechange? That is NOT working for #conservation!
You better fight the wall then - it's going to ruin numerous protected endangered areas. If you care you'll fight it.
Protect our healthcare vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
And yet another attempt at diversion from #GrahamCassidy
Another tone deaf tweet from the party loyalist that has watched as the EPA was all but dismantled
Why have a twitter account when you won't address the single thing people are concerned about at the moment?
What she said. Please tell us you're voting no on this laughable healthcare bill. I've called, emailed, even faxed you. Vote NO.
As a Ohioan whose children have insurance because of the Medicaid Expan I am asking you to vote no on #GrahamCassidy. Constituents>Donors
You voted for Pruitt who gives exactly 0 fucks about the environment! You're a fraud! #PhotoOpRob #StopLying
Um the EPA guy you approved is actively doing the opposite, which makes this a lie.
Sleazy Kochsucker
And I am proud to support any effort to remove you from office if you vote yes on Graham Cassidy Bill.
Please help conserve healthcare for vulnerable Americans! We deserve a good bipartisan effort, not this bad GraCas. Please vote NO! Please!
We also need to protect our health care system in OH for citizens and future generations. G-C bill does not do that.  Bad for OH. Vote NO.
Then why have you supported fossil fuel deregulation bills? Walk the walk, Portman. #hypocrite
How about protecting my son's pre-existing condition? NO to #GrahamCasiddy
How about protecting their health too by voting against Graham Cassidy?
.@senrobportman how can you pretend to support both conservation AND the Regulatory Accountability Act?
Every day I see a  less tweet of yours. I am sorry something happened in your life to stop caring for people. Politics over family too-wow
YOU VOTED FOR PRUITT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!no credibility
I'm a cancer survivor, and this is my baby niece. If you truly care about future generations, you'll vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. We beg you!
Have some integrity and address #GrahamCasiddy #SpinelessGOP #VoteNo
You do no such thing. Name like 3 things you've done for conservation? I'm baffled by this more than your usual bizarre contradictory tweets
Vote no. ACA saves lives
 The people are watching
Is it just me or are you sounding like Trump? Our ONE Natl Forest-Wayne needed your protection-Don't be a hypocrite & give us details please
You should be proud to support HEALTHCARE FOR OHIO&THE NATION!Not the abomination of CG that will rip healthcare from MILLIONS!REGULAR ORDER
How about conserving the life and health of your constituents? Vote NO on the repeal of the ACA - bipartisan committee, do the work first!
i think you voted for Pruitt & Zinke who are both endangering our world via EPA & Interior.  Who can believe you?
Why are you going to let the liar-in-chief destroy our natural parks by opening up to drilling? How is that supporting conservation?
#GrahamCassidyNO do what's right for Ohioans
What future? Stop jerking off to Repeal and Replace porn and DO SOMETHING.
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Have you seen CC's statement on Graham-Cassidy? If you vote yes, most of Ohio will never forgive you.
Sir, you approved the EPA's new admin who's gutting it. You didn't object leaving Paris agrmt. At least be sencere about not giving a damn.
Look at this!
BREAKING: Joint letter from AHIP, AMA, AHA, FAH, BCBS et al (basically docs, hospitals + insurers) denounces Graham-Cassidy bill. 
Donate your salary to nature and resign.
#RobPortmanResign
Now protect the people of Ohio vote no on the GrahamCassidy bill

OH would be 1 of the states hurt the worst under Graham/Cassidy
Protect your constituents from this mad race to throw a repeal/replace bone to the Rep Agenda. We need and deserve GREAT #HEALTHCARE!
Can we conserve the people's resources in healthcare & vote against abysmal #GrahamCassidyBill ? Every major healthcare provider is against.
It's as if you have a wall separating you from your constituents. The Pres is burning down the USA and hoping we all die and you navel gaze.
The Ohio Dept of Ag continues to approve CAFO permits in the Lake Erie Watershed--endangering our drinking water and Lake Erie. #stopmvp
Lies! 

You are a Koch Addict! 

Addicted to their money! You voted for their EPA Director Scott Pruitt. He going to kill Lake Erie & Ohio.
WHAT?? You voted for Pruitt. He still wants to defund EPA. how about vote NO on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill so we in Ohio can stay healthy!!!
And how exactly is this happening?
Thank you. Please also support our right to healhcare.
Like protecting Piketon from nuclear waste from decommissioned enrichment plant you are ok with burying here?
No surprise that you're quiet on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill given that your top donors include insurance and pharma:
You vote to contaminate our environment, vote NO on the #GrahamCassidyDeathBill so we can get care for the illnesses we acquire as a result.
Rob. Dude. There's so much lie to unpack here I feel like I need shoulder length rubber gloves, some KY, and an angry cow to do it justice.
Ohhh, good one! Nice.
Are you? The oil/gas industry is one of your top donors and your voting record says otherwise: http://scorecard.lcv.org/moc/rob-portman  #FollowtheMoney #Liar
Retain your integrity to us Ohioans, vote NO....please, vote NO on GOP health plan.
U R the Mad Tweeter today, but not one about what's important to your constituents: Vote no on HCare Bill.  Do what's right
Our citizens are natural resources. How about protecting us and voting NO on the new version of #Trumpcare that Graham & Cassidy conjured up
Please talk to Ryan Zinke.
Graham-Cassidy is terrible for Ohians. Vote no
Try adding some support for global warming issues. Thanks...
You voted for Pruitt you partisan hack. You care nothing about conservation.
I hope that's more than words because Pruitt is doing a lot of harm.
Be proud to stand for #Ohioans and say NO to #Trumpcare Represent US before your party!
How will future gens enjoy our beautiful Ohio w/o affordable insurance? Pls help! Vote NO! You'll feel proud of that 2!
You should read this and then actually do something about pruitt
Thank you @senrobportman . Your constituents support your environmental efforts!
What efforts is the Senator from Ohio making? Genuinely curious to hear more details.
?? Your account has been hacked.
by the Portman bot 6000.
Waters of the US are worse off with trump's clean water act repeal.   Your tweets do not match your actions.
What about your vote on the current health care bill. Ethics or party? Medicaid reduction will not help epidemic
You're a good guy Rob!  "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
Best Tweet I've seen in a while.  Made me laugh out loud...SO true.  Portman = Good man, but he's a weasel
The entire state is watching and trusting you to do the right thing for your constituents. Vote NO on Cassidy-Graham healthcare reform.
Liar. You support #NHFday because you want to get a high rating from the NRA. This is a tweet to your big money donors. No love for Ohio.
This sounds like a "burdensome regulation".  Your bots are fighting.  #BotPortman
While working on scaling back environmental regulations.
Our citizens r our natural resource. VOTE NO ON G-C.
You should start with conserving Ohioans rights to affordable healthcare.
And he NEEDS to protect future generations from being dead by voting NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Seriously? You voted to confirm Scott Pruitt as head of USEPA. Do you really think your constituents believe you, Rob?
vote for OHIO for a change -- NO on graham/cassidy
Why isn't #DotardTrump telling us how he is going to rebuild and pay for the three horrific hurricanes we have had in the last month?
You are an embarrassment to Ohio
Your BFF Pruitt does the opposite of protecting our natural resources. Biggest pollution swamp rats ever. #VotePortmanOut
Yet you still support that jackass in the oval office. #robhasnospine
Prove it by pushing for a real Head of the EPA.
There won't be any future generations if we all die without healthcare. Vote NO on Cassidy-Graham! @lisamurkowski @SenSusanCollins #SaveACA
Your constituents are really intelligent. I don't think you're getting away with the shenanigans you think you are. #NoGrahamCassidy
How's this tweet working out for you @senrobportman . Do you not know you are elected to REPRESENT US? Sure doesn't seem like it. #SaveACA
Yet you seem to be all for rolling back regulations that protect it. Those two don't go together.
Ohio will lose Medicaid expansion $$$ if you don't vote #NoGrahamCassidy
There won't be Any future generations if u don't get that madman out of our house and quit trying to take away healthcare. #NoGrahamCassidy
Future generations without healthcare.
Please vote NO!!!! Bring regular order and process back to the senate which was once known as a great "deliberative" body.

...and what natural resources rare you referring to, Senator?
#GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
You are getting dragged on every tweet my dude
Said the Senator who voted for Scott Pruitt. My guess is you mean protecting oil company interests right? That natural resource.. right?
That's great.  Now please tell us, what's your stand on #GrahamCasiddy ?
Huh??  Really???  You voted to install Pruitt and Zinke who are doing the exact opposite.  Your hypocrisy knows no limits.
Really? I can think of quite a few instances when ypu did not.
Shut up Rob! U voted for Pruitt who you knew was going to gut the EPA! U are a spineless @gop hack who only votes for where the  comes from
Gross
GOP Senator Laughs In Woman's Face When Asked To Stop Taking Fossil Fuel Money | HuffPost
Wow, douchey move there, Portman.
MEMO: Rob Portman’s Record Of Looking Out For Special Interests - Ohio Democratic Party
Koch Brothers Spend Big On Vulnerable Rob Portman
Liar
How about supporting a decent health care plan?  Guess you're afraid to choose country over party.
Senator if you stand with tromp you will sink with him
What future generations? OH is hurting and we have one Senator who does not seem to care. What is wrong with the Republican party?
Vote on on Cassidy Graham health bill.  Will be disaster for Ohio !
La la la I'm totally oblivious of our lunatic president. La la la. I'm a scared little senator from Ohio. Please don't hurt me.
Too bad Trump doesnt feel the same. BTW vote NO on G-C.
Senator, you have by far the most irrelevant tweets. Congratulations?  Appreciate the #sesta work... But take a stand? Sometimes? Please?
Stop the stupid fracking in Ohio public lands.
You mean the future generations that won't have affordable healthcare if Cassidy-Graham passes?
vote no on Graham Cassidy
You voted for Pruitt.  He's trying to poison Ohio and other states for profit. Don't make me laugh. You don't care about future generations.
Bad person
Seriously. Support Ohio and NO #GrahamCassidy
How about protecting our future generations themselves with no premium surcharge for good maternity care, Sen. Portman? #GrahamCassidy
Wait... Then why did you support Scott Pruitt for EPA.
How about conserving the lives of your fellow Americans by voting no on #GrahamCassidy which will kill millions?
Just stop it, you voted for Scott Pruitt who'd the antithesis of conservation, I can smell a hypocrite a mile off!
Please vote No on #GrahamCassidy
You need to vote against, Graham Cassidy, please.
Good thing you told us your record doesn't show us
Nothing says 'supporting conservation' like introducing legislation that'll make regulation nearly impossible.
Vote NO on G-C and serve your constituents instead of trying to distract with seemingly helpful fluff!
There won’t be future generations if we all die from lack of healthcare
PROTECT OUR CARE by voting NO on Graham-Cassidy!
.@senrobportman Maybe you don’t know, but your party is selling all that to private interests. Now, back to #GrahamCassidy #DoNoHarm
Proud to support conservation efforts in #Ohio and across the country to protect our natural resources for future generations. #NHFday
OH has ONE national forest. What were your thoughts on fracking in the Wayne again? Oh yeah, f%ck the ppl, f%ck the planet, line my pockets.
How about protecting our lives? Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Maybe you can lend a helping hand to Puerto Rico. Or maybe rip the iPhone out of Trump's hands.
I think 45 still uses an Android phone? But, yeah, DO SOMETHING Portman.
Your approval of Pruitt suggests you support profit margins more than conservation.
Pruitt is a danger to the future
And yet... Scott Pruitt. You sir, are a liar and a coward and you bring shame to this state.
Will you be proud to vote for #GrahamCasiddy? A dangerous bill that will do nothing to protect Ohioans?
The only thing you want to protect are the wallets of rich people like yourself. You don’t give a damn about the rest of us.
Your concern for the environment revolves around hunting and fishing buddies/donors. Your Pruitt despoils/deregs our environment for profit.
 BUT  YOU  VOTED  FOR  PRUITT  YOU USELESS NUGGET OF MEAT!
We need a senator who fights for what's right, not fall to pressure from the WH. Ohio needs a hero! Are you it? Vote NO on Trumpcare.
Sherrod Brown is a freaking National Treasure. Portman is something icky stuck to our shoe.
Fellow Ohioans: any one notice how infrequently the Portman-bot tweets about opioid epidemic since $45B funding stripped from Graham Bill?
Yes.
How about continuing the funding for the Everglades restoration? 45's budget GUTS it....
What about lake Erie’s western basin?  More needs to be done Rob!
CAFO permits continue to be approved by the Ohio Dept of Ag--NW Ohio draining it all to Lake Erie.  Maybe a viable EPA in charge??? #stopmvp
How about protecting healthcare and coming out strongly against #GrahamCassidy ?!
Save our health care please!
What about protecting #healthcare for present and future generations? #FixACA #NOGrahamCassidy
Healthy people are a “natural” resource for Ohio’s success. Vote no on Graham- Cassidy!
I feel like you wake up each day and wonder "what can I tweet about today that will actively ignore the concerns of my constituents"
Seriously. He is not fit to represent anyone.
What efforts are you supporting?
Really--what specific efforts?
He is hoping to get a big donation from the NRA for supporting National Hunting and Fishing Day under the auspices of conservation.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR HEALTH CARE VOTE? CARE TO DISCUSS THAT?
You aren't serious?? Tge head of the EPA hates the environment. The #dotard doesn't believe in climate change. GTFOOH

Great, but how can you support the heinous #GrahamCassidyDeathBill ?
I am a constituent and urge you to VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidy
Remember that time @senrobportman voted in support of the guy who wants to defund the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative....

#ConManRob
I wonder if #ConManRob has met #ConManJim (@RepJimRenacci / @JimRenacci ), who I'm no fan of.
But you won't conserve healthcare for people, right?
Vote NO on the Graham Cassidy bill...you think we dont notice that you are entirely ignoring this????  Grow a pair & help reform the ACA
He had a pair.  He sold them to the Koch brothers. Now they sit in a jar in someone else's office.
LOL!!!!!!  Excellent!! My major laugh of the day...
Conserve my healthcare while you're at it.
LIAR! where is REPEAL & REPLACE Obamacare!
You obviously don't have a grasp of global economics and environmental regs. Need to look at big pic.
And campaign contributions

Every major health organization, or Donald Trump? This bill isn't dead yet. Tell your senators which side you're on: (855) 999-1663 
