Innocent include LIVING children, people with pre-existing health conditions, the elderly, poor, working class, etc.
But your policies show you are a hypocritical POS who is only pandering to his base so 
if you believe so strongly in life, you must vote against the AHCA. It will leave children without coverage. #ahca
Rob, you are supposed to represent ALL Ohioans. The majority of Ohioans support a woman's right to choose.
Ohio Right to Birth would be a better name. None of you care if the child starves, gets an education, has health care once born.
So then you oppose TrumpCare, @senrobportman? It would make maternity coverage optional again. I'm pretty sure that will increase abortions.
Which might be commendable if you weren't simultaneously trying to rip away the safety net that these poor families will need after you ...
What are you doing to sustain and support that life once it's born?
Much more to being pro-life than being anti-abortion! Senator, you might want to read the Papal Encyclical "Evangelium Vitae" Gospel of Life
But no pre/postnatal care for mom? Or for the child once born? No medical, no education, no after school care? Then you are NOT prolife.
You mean Right to be Born because you don't give a damn what happens after that....you're voting record proves it.
Good work! How dare women decide on their own medical treatment for their own bodies - what is this, 1917?!
Paid supports is all Portman will meet with. Still hiding from Ohio voters
I assume you will be supporting children's healthcare including protecting those born with pre-existing conditions from outrageous premiums?
Absolutely, thanks for saying.
You do not respect life. In fact, your do everything you can to cut help for families and children. Both of you are religious hypocrites
Then find insurance and education?   Cool!
#profetus
please think about scientific fact, not religion! I am disappointed in you Senator Portman for your attack on women
In order to represent all of your constituents, please hold a roundtable with Planned Parenthood.
Oh, for crying out loud. How about supporting the birth control mandate in the healthcare law?
If you are truly prolife, you will save the ACA and not gut healthcare.
Remember that RTL includes after birth too when you are working on health care. Or do you = RTL with anti abortion? Our bishops don't.
But only till its born. If you want to protect innocent life, don't endorse AHCA, make common sense gun laws, expand childcare options, etc
What do they do for unwanted children?
Pro-life includes women's & children's health. Food. Education. Housing.
#PP saves lives every day. Safe abortion SAVES LIVES too. #IVoteOH
How in the unholy hell does taking away healthcare and destroying the environment protect life?!?!?!?!?!  @ohiolife is a hypocritical joke.
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.242
Town Meetings are great way to meet more voters and get outside your bubble. 44021
Do you mean his safe space?
Did you talk about universal healthcare? Gun control? Climate change? Domestic violence? Hunger? War? If not it really wasn't about life.
Like the people in your district and their healthcare?  Why are your priorities so jacked up, Republicans?
Yes! We're talking about prenatal care for those innocent lives, right? and med coverage until 18 (or until they're not innocent)?
When is your next town hall meeting? (Request #157)
Protect the women who are pregnant and need abortions, first.
So I assume your meeting with pro-choice groups like @PPact is next week?  Didn't make it on the calendar huh? #ProtectLivesFromCongress
You want to protect the unborn and then make budget cuts that will devastate the children living now.
Screw the living!
Being Pro-birth is not Pro-life.  Pro-life is when you want the best for all your female constituents!  YOUWORKFORUS!
For once I would like to see you post about meeting with some people who had opposing views. That would take courage. Would love to see some
Remember separation of church and state?
Yeah I gotta say - is this really the best means to achieve your ends?
You and Repubs are a joke. You support forced birth but that's it. You care nothing else for women or children after birth. #phony
You could care less about a child after its born. Birth control, lose of healthcare, education funding or services for special needs kids.
I wish you would protect women's lives the way you protect fetuses.
Ensuring women have affordable healthcare is the best way to prevent abortions.
Life is more than just while in the womb, what about those already living that need healthcare to continue living?  Stand up for all life.
By taking away healthcare for mom and child? Do they understand you're doing that?
How about you wait to legislate something Jesus never mentioned once you have accomplished all that HE specifically said to do.  Shame 2U.
Or the ill who want to live fully? Or do you just care about the unborn?  Do not call yourself prolife unless you care about all human life.
So that'll be universal healthcare, universal education, and government support for single mothers then?
Along with a destigmatizing of women having sex outside of marriage?
And free paternity testing, combined with a commitment to enforcing child support laws?
Or is this another moralistic excuse to punish women for not conforming to your narrow-minded Bronze Age view of morality?
Welcoming refugees is how Jesus instructed us to protect innocent life
Does this mean protecting the poor,victims of intrusive illnesses and low wages? Or children who have no means for comprehensive healthcare?
How about saving us the endless images and just post a list of the groups you pandered to on a daily basis? No town hall-havin' coward.
Pro-Life is protecting our environment so that my kids have clean air to breathe!
Supporting meals on wheels = pro-life
Pro-life means supporting common sense gun control!
And yet you propose to take healthcare away from the least in order to grant tax cuts to the wealthiest.  Pro-life indeed.
You're going to help take care of them after you save their lives, right?
Help the kids who are here. The GOP healthcare plan isn't for children. DeVos dictating education policy? Come to the middle and help more.
Only the white, Christian US fetuses though - and only until they exit the womb.
Absolutely but why do you not seem to care about life after birth? Our most vulnerable children need quality healthcare and good education.
How @ the innocent life of a rape victim or mother who'll die in childbirth? How @ $ & support to help unwed mothers? Don't be a hypocrite
What about the innocent who can't afford medical care? You don't seem to care about them.
Protect as in feed and clothe and educate? Or just until they are born?
Not your body, not your choice! It is not up to us to impose our will and beliefs on others.
Right to life is an extremist org. If you truly value life you fund programs to help those who already exist.
You support pro-birth policies, not life once it's outside the womb.
Sure the FETUS is totally precious, as long as you can use it to make the mother's life harder, but the child is totally worthless and
Under NO circumstances should be given support and cared for.
Great you are pushing your #religious bs on everyone #stop remember you serve everyone not just the religious right.
#mybodymychoice
Oh yeah usual routine. "Protect" fetus. Then education, health care, food? Too bad!
Seriously?  Then why are you supporting @POTUS?  He's all for yanking away aid to our most vulnerable. #falsenarrative
The AHCA might be considered "pro-life" by some but it is anti-living for everyone who isn't rich enough to get your tax break Senator.
Until they're born, then those babies better get jobs.
All these meetings today are worthless. Here's an idea, why don't you have a town hall in say Cleveland, Columbus, Toledo or any real city.
Until after they are born?
You have time for a group who wants to actively police my body parts, but not for a #TownHall ? Covfefe you and the horse you rode in on.
Will you oppose the death penalty that has killed innocent men just this month?
Will you fight Trump's budget's cuts to CHIP?
Will you fight against GOP Medicaid cuts?
Will you support health care with access to reproductive care, which reduces abortions and protects mothers and children?
How about talking about trump pulling out of Paris Agreement!!!  Perhaps at a town hall meeting?  What say you Rob?
Such stunning hypocrisy.  You and @GOP hate the post-born. Your policies are proof.
Innocent life...like the kids and older folks who will die because they can't afford health care if you implement #Trumpcare?
So, anti-abortion not your choice. It's for pregnant women to decide and it's the LAW
Great! Would that round table, perhaps, fit in a town hall?
Are you working on giving women easy and affordable access to birth control, which is the most obvious way to prevent abortions?
Are the lives of people of color included in your idea of innocent life: the ones attacked by Ohio's large population of white supremacists?
You vote to repeal ACA, more people will have abortions out of fear of costs to care for child that may need medical care.
so you will vote against aca repeal then? Also, abortions have gone down, access to birth control has gone up.
Put down the #convfefe and host an open townhall
Does that include the lives of harmless illegal immigrants who are torn from their families and sent back where their lives are in danger?
Well if you vote for the AHCA you'll be killing and bankrupting Ohioans. Also if you want to stop abortion fund birth control and sex ed.
U are an out right liar and hypocrite. If #life was what it's about u wouldnt be trying to cut #aca
You are clearly pro birth and don't care about the lives of Ohioans.
Separation of church and state, sir. Or you won't see another term. #warned
The people at that table should be offering to support babies.  Just send a monthly check & support the babies. Oops they don't wanna do it.
Like the children you would be forcing to become mothers because you hate birth control and women?
Okay, what about future generations that will inherit the planet from us? Anything you'd like to do to protect them?
Says the man ready to strip millions of their health care and leave them to die. #hypocrite
protect until it is born and then....what will you do then ?
So you are saying to females . ONLY I can make that choice FOR you
do you need someone to explain the irony to you here or nah?
yeah you pretend that while opposing the new health care bill.  You lying sack.
And give them no support once they are born.  It's repulsive.
Great. Then let's see a commitment to universal children's healthcare, public school education, and environmental protection.
While you take away their health care. You are PRO BIRTH, NOT PRO LIFE!
But once they're born, who cares what happens to them, right?  Destroy SNAP, public schools, health care...
And yet you're supporting the AHCA. I'm donating money to whomever runs against you.
"Right to life" - more Republicon bullshit dishonest branding. It is strictly anti-abortion, which doesn't market as well so you have to lie
Then take care of the innocent lives from their births onward
The #GOP is working to defund #Medicaid which covers about 40% of US births. Will you protect #Medicaid, and maternity care?#ProtectOurCare
Ohio right to life wats to stop abortion. The.g. do not want to address the reasons leading to abortions.
Dann migraine. Wants to stop abortion. And. They do not. Sry.
I guess all of you will step up and take care of all of Ohio unwanted children . After they are born you could care less about them
but yet you support a president who wants to take healthcare away from my sick grandson. You make me sick!!!!!!
The children at Sandy Hook were innocent life.  The NRA won't allow protecting us from guns, never "the right time" to talk about guns.
You mean Right to Birth since you don't support programs to take care of children- healthcare, food stamps, housing, clean water.
You do not allow birth control or family planning or healthcare for children any more .With no birth control who will care for these kids
Someday you'll have time to hear the voices of the public. I can't wait for that day to come.
Then maybe everyone needs to get on board and #impeach
When will one of you support the unwanted children .Do you know any unwanted children or do anything for them .Stick them in foster care
Free access to birth control would be a better way to protect all lives. And you are not prolife if you are supporting #RepPres agenda.
How about medically fragile children who depend on #Medicaid to survive? Will you protect their innocent lives? #ProtectOurCare #OH12
But yet you're okay with women losing health ins & making pregnancy a pre-existing condition. Stripping prenatal care & ins. isn't pro-life.
Right to life should mean all life. Refugees ,immigrants etc. Stop being a hypocrite
You are waging a global war on women's health & women's rights, which are human rights:
How about lives after birth, as in a decent healthcare offering for all Americans? No one should be left out . Any coverage lost is bad
But take away access to healthcare for disabled, low income and seniors?
Might want to dump Trumpcare then.
