Coming from a nurse, you know what can help with this epidemic? PUBLIC EDUCATION. Stand up for Ohio and vote no on DeVos.
you know what helps? Education. Quit being easily bought and vote no on DeVos.
Wish you worried as much about education. Stop patting yourself on the back. You are failing children in Ohio.
Show Ohio that you care about education for the nation's children more than campaign contributions. #DumpDevos
How many poppy fields are there in US? You asses could have built a wall years ago & stopped most drugs at the border.
.@senrobportman Now, you want taxpayer $$ for self-inflicted drug addicts. Could have used those $$ on a wall long ago & saved lot of pain.
.@senrobportman I'm amused that you believe we can be distracted from your blatant conflict of interest re: #devos vote. #voteno.
.@senrobportman In our state that opioid epidemic found a friend in Pam Bondi. She "cracked" down on legal drugs and people went to heroin.
what is the meaning of Trump's picture on seized heroin?  Does anyone know? Just some rubber stamp or symbolic?
Vote No on DeVos!
Thanks for the daily reminders of all the ways you’re putting your fingers in your ears and pretending Trump doesn’t exist.
Another epidemic is senators voting yes for Devos instead of listening to their constituents. #TaketheDeVosPledge
Protect our public schools. #DumpDevos
I think the shredding of democracy, the Constitution, and healthcare has taken the foreground.
thank u!
speaking of education, you really should reject the president's dept of ed choice. Not qualified and horrible optic$!
You know what else is an epidemic? Your office not answering the phone so we can explain why Sessions and DeVos are wrong.
Vote No on Betsy DeVos
I've been trying to raise Senator awareness to #VoteNoDevos, but sadly it's also a growing epidemic.
How about #StopDeVos
But have you considered responding to the fact that a white supremacist has been appointed to the National Security Council?
let's teach children the dangers of it in school. Start by voting NO to DeVos
You know what else is a growing epidemic? Elected officials not listening to their constituents. SAD.
#NoonDeVos Education is key, and Devos will not help! Vote NO$
the biggest epidemic we face is the absolute deterioration of our democracy while "leaders" remain silent. #historywilljudge
We don't have democracy. It is a Republic! Maybe you need more schooling!
I see from reading your well-articulated tweets you are quite the intellect. I consider myself skoold.  http://wpo.st/CeO_2 
#noDevos
you know what would help?  Good public education. Say no to De Vos. Be a man of courage, even with all the $ she doles out.
AMEN TO THAT! $15k to Portman.
demand cannot be the only focus. We need evidence based safety measures like naloxone & evidence based treatment.
how about we repeal and replace your seat. Leave #ACA
please, Vote NO for DeVos!
A lot of this epidemic may be about having decent primary medical care, you do not seem to be for that.
I support your work on this issue; but please do more about opposing DeVos nomination.
Vote N for Devos #DumpDevos #StopDeVos
Sen. I am a republican but don't understand why you are supporting Mrs. DeVos. Please tell me so I can tell others.
Say NO to DeVos!!
please do the right thing and vote against Betsy DeVos.  Ohioans are counting on you.  Thanks.
Was this before or after thinking Devos did a good job in her hearing. Is this a cry for help?
this is for the states to deal with. Focus on national security & debt. Defund Ed., Energy, DHS & HHS.
@SpoaSteph What does the federal govt got to do with this problem?  Please focus on what the constitution says you should.
yes it is. But you need to work on preventing the pharm cos from profiting from it. Prices have  doubled for 1st responders.
tomorrow we find out if you have a spine or just follow party lines. No to Devos.
this clip is interesting. You seem reasoned and not completely insane. So how can justify a vote for DeVos?
Don't betray the children you were elected to represent: vote NO on #DeVos!!! #StopDeVos
no to DeVos, no to Sessions, impeach Trump!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN, SENATOR?  Your constituents can't reach you.
vote no on Betsy DeVos
THE PEOPLE have spoken: vote NO on #DeVos! We vote you in & we'll vote u out! #DeVosHearing
Where are your efforts to represent OH?  1. The ACA helps addicts, not this grant 2. #DumpDevos. 3. #stopsessions 4. Answer 
check states that have legalized cannabis. #opioid overdose deaths 25% reduction after legalizing. War on drugs = FAILURE
Stop tweeting about everything non-DeVos. Are you voting against her - as you should - or not?
The Toledo Blade story said he is voting for her
guess what helps stop drug addiction, EDUCATION! Answer your constituents or step down! We say #NODEVOS, you work for us!
I know you hope that if you ignore us we will go away  That's not how it works. We will shout #noDevos as long as needed.
you know what prevents kids from becoming addicts? A good education Vote NO on DeVos
agree
There are many issues that need attention, but we have an existential threat in D.C., a true Constitutional crisis. Wake up!
STAND UP TO TRUMP, or we will have more problems than you can handle.
Sadly with this WH more folks will be turning to opioids. Resist this corruption of our democracy. You know these guys r bad.
Please continue to treat it as an epidemic and not a crime. Criminal records don't help; medical treatment does.
it is horrific. And if you don't start standing up to Trump we will have problems equal to or worse.
