Build the wall Portman.... work with POTUS on promises to help the American people! You're ridiculous!
Very disappointed in your vote. Very disappointed
The worst drug crisis we face is people not able to afford life saving treatments/drugs.
You say that you care, yet you want tax cuts for the rich and to appeal the ACA. How can an addict recover without access to healthcare?
exactly what is the ACA doing for addicts giving them a shot of Narcan and sending them back out to do it again healthcare is not the answer
Long term use of opioids actually lowers your body's tolerance of pain. Meaning those who live with chronic pain have to take more and more
To block pain. Cutting out these medicines cold turkey without a proper detox can have bad side effects. I'm not sure what your answer
to this problem is beyond healthcare. Addiction is a disease, and requires medical as well as psychological help. Relapse is almost three
Times as likely to occur when addicts quit without a plan or support system in place. Healthcare is not the answer? I don't think so.
You'll do nothing unless there's $$$ in it for u
Quit bailing out druggies with taxpayers money. More control over Drs/Pharmos so ppl with chronic pain mgmt get what they need/others don't
RINO. I will support any GOP running against you next term. We will not forget you are a GOP traitor McCain and Portman what a pair of RINOS
@robportman YOU Voted YEA! We wont 4get if U EVER NEED A STATE WIDE VOTE!U'llget YtownMahoning County,Bsides kkk community,We're good ppl
Senator Portman
Why didn't you vote against that healthcare plan? Please work with Senator Brown and all of your colleagues for Bipartisan.
What do you think Ohio is doing wrong?  The answer to the problem, as Trump would say, is not that hard.  Not PC, but not that hard.
Portman is a fraud. There was never any doubt that he would vote to take away healthcare for millions
W/o #'s from fake fentanyl overdoses you have no crisis! Stop hurting legitimate patients who need medications. What's happening is cruel!
Just imagine if you put people before politics and voted No!
Yet you voted for a bill that would help increase the opiod problem. You make no sense
It's hard to believe you care when you voted for #SkinnyRepeal
You don't seem to care, like our Governor does. YOU are the crisis in Ohio, but not for long! Myself and other Republicans are done with you
We are going to have a HEALTH CARE CRISIS & it's going to be all on the GOP & you!
We already have a healthcare crisis..who is that on, the Dems perhaps! Please mute me, I am you!
Both the opioid crisis and the spinelessness  crisis are out of control in Ohio. Good thing neither is considered a preexisting condition.
Screw opioids, what about excessively high taxes!
And yet you voted last night to take away insurance to help treat that. Your cynicism is astounding!
So why did you vote yes for http://H.Care  bill that would cut funding to help w/this crisis?
Which makes your ACA repeal vote at odds with the needs of your constituency.
so why gut people's healthcare? What in the world are you doing?!
Making money for themselves and keeping that troll @realDonaldTrump happy. 

Listen to all the Two Faced Liars

https://www.facebook.com/JeffersoncountyOhio/ …
And yet you undermine the help people need by gutting Medicaid. Your actions speak louder than your words.
So that's why you voted for the "skinny " repeal? SMH
How did you let it get so bad?  Where were you when the "crisis" began?
I had no idea. I suppose we should immediately strip hundreds of thousands of Ohioans of their health insurance.
But you continued to vote to repeal the ACA &a take away medical treatment from your home state. Repeal Portman.
Why do you care more about drug addicts than my son with brain cancer? He did not choose his fate.
Keep hiding behind opioid crisis even as you hypocritically vote to gut HC. Your actions speak louder then your empty words.
Spineless Portman fails us on healthcare yet wants to work opioid crisis?  How do you think ppl get help?  Hint: the healthcare system.
You only give a shit because it's a white people problem now.
And yet, you voted to destroy health care. How do you square that?
Is this opioid thing only hitting conservatives and people with money? Why all the sudden help when we don't see help for other drug addicts
But you still voted yes on the skinny repeal. You have disappointed Ohioans yet again!
Yeah, we know where you stand on raping Ohio of its healthcare.
Now, it's time to work together to make  the ACA work properly. It's what the ppl want. Do your job! Don't repeal, improve!
Better send @SenJohnMcCain a fruit basket....he saved you from yourself. Voters won't forget though.
Why did you vote for the repeal, sir?
Legalize Cannabis for every state= opioid crisis over. Just look at every state that has legalised, other drug use is way down & $'s plenty
And skinny repeal didn't address that problem. Why would you vote for it?
Portman is a disgrace to Ohio! Thanks for trying to throw Ohioans under the bus.
Why on Earth would you vote for that bill then?
Yet you voted for that "skinny" repeal that would have taken health insurance from millions of Ohioans, many suffering amidst this crisis.
Call @senrobportman 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first & last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns #Trumpcare
Portman is the worst politician Ohio has ever faced!
How much is George Soros paying you?  Resign.
If you gave two shits about the ppl of Ohio you wouldn't have voted on a secret bill last night to take away our healthcare. #coward
Maybe if these ppl had affordable healthcare they could get real help.  You offer no real solutions.  Stand with the voters and #MAGA
You did not stand up for the people of Ohio yesterday. You knew that bill would hurt us and you voted for it anyway.
Could be 8 yrs of liberals/barry & horrible econ, ppl shld be responsible 4 actions NOT taxpayers, government shouldn't be involved.
Lip service from the guy that voted for the heinous skinny repeal. I hope you are repealed and replaced by your constituents.
We see what you did last night. 
#PartyBeforePeople
So why did you vote Yes??? Hypocrisy?
If you repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, YOU will be preventing people from fulfilling their God given purpose in life
You should be ashamed of your vote on healthcare. Your constituents will not forget
Portman proves he's all talk and no walk; votes YES on skinny repeal. Ohioans will remember
It's taking way more lives than #ISIS ... but what is Congress spending more money on ?  #GottaFeedTheWarMachine
Your repeal vote shows u have little understanding of how to assist in this crisis
Your vote for the "skinny bill" will be remembered. Don't think it won't.
Look up @senrobportman on http://opensecrets.org  and see for yourselves Blue Cross was his #1 contributor in 2016, looks like it paid off
As you voted to kick millions off of their coverage. Blue Cross says the check is in the mail.
I breathed a sigh of relief when Uvoted tonightin spite of what millions of us consider a betrayal tonight,Thank you 4 keeping your promise
Traitor
Your votes for these awful health care bills this week show u have no concern for Ohioans.. Never supporting u again. #spineless
You are correct. So explain your vote to take away health care for those in need. You are a hypocrite Senator. Thank God 4 @SenSherrodBrown
Yet, You voted for skinny bill. We won't forget come Election Day!
Yep, and we need #healthcare to save them. We can't count on you, apparently.
Then why cut healthcare?
Vote NO on the healthcare fiasco!
And you are voting to make it worse. Are you so segmented that you don't see it?
Will never vote for u again.  You lie.
And there you are. All talk. No action. No clue. Seriously. What is your damage?
How did he vote for the Murphy amendment?
So #fixtheaca #repealisnotgonnawork #getyourshittogether #alltalkandnoactionmakesrobadullman
And it's not going to get any better if you vote yes for this bill.  Do you serve the people or the big money donors?
Please vote NO on the "Skinny Repeal". Don't repeal the ACA.

Please stop pretending you care about this issue. You give it nice lip service then do a 180 in your voting record. Have some integrity.
Yes it is but the #healthcareholocaust is a crisis too history will remember ypur choices
And Skinny Repeal will make it worse. Vote NO on Skinny Repeal. It will send premiums soaring and increase # uninsured. Its not the Fix
Geez, then don't vote for TrumpCare! If you do, your word is meaningless and you'll just be a shill for Koch Bros & Friends.
We will miss public health programs. We will miss services for kids w/ disabilities. We will miss maternity & RX care.WE WON'T MISS YOU, rob
Making sure we have adequate access to healthcare is the first step to addressing this problem.
Your vote against Americans & our Healthcare is the worst we will face . You've spent months lying about your commitments to US. Coward
Makes zero sense. As a reg independent it is now my mission to vote you out.
@senrobportman  having no health insurance is worse.  Keep the ACA.
Then vote no to the skinny repeal! Keep the ACA, fix the marketplace and save medicaid, it's the only thing proven to help addicts!
wtg Rob, vote on some more bad bills you know to be bad for Ohioans hoping that the house will fix. #Americanshame
Yes it is...but yet your willing to cut 700,000 off health care and make treatment inaccessible to them. 
#2018 #2020
So you'll vote for #Healthcare for Ohioans rather than blindly follow #GOP deals & empty bills? Make your vote count for Ohioans!
Then stick with your conscience and vote "no" on the #skinnybill that accomplishes nothing you said you were going to hold out for!!
Vote no at midnight tonight on the atrocity that is the "skinny" bill.  #ohioian
Well that's a self made problem. Vote to repeal Obamacare if it comes up again
Make sure that #Healthcare access is available to those seeking treatment.
Then vote no on skinny bill!
I wish you'd vote no on this skinny bill! Work across aisle to pressure ins and Pharm companies to accept lower profits!
Which is why you want to repeal the only law that helps fight it?
So let's undermine all the positive actions taken not only by @potus44 but also by the @JohnKasich So you can keep your full coverage.
A yes vote tonight confirms that ending the #opioidcrisis isn't a main priority of yours. Please don't let us down Senator Portman.
Really? What a good soul you are fighting the opioid crisis while voting away the healthcare addicts need to recover. Hypocrite much?
Healthcare is desperately needed in the face of the opioid crisis. Vote NO on any bill that will take away insurance from millions!
what about the victims of human trafficking who need comprehensive medical treatment? Many of them women...
So don't destabilize our healthcare system with your skinny repeal vote.
Vote NO. This garbage shouldn't ever see the light of day. Just fix what we already have. Grow a pair and stand up for your constituents.
That's why we need to improve the ACA.
#RepealObamacare
Your incompetence is only overshadowed by your blatant hypocrisy. You've gambled your political career away over the ACA vote. Sad.
stop pretending you're going to do anything to help
Leave my health care alone!!!!
Hypocritical. Cannot act like an opiod fighting super hero and take away health care from millions.
-Therefore I will cut funding for treatment by repealing ACA-??????
So why destroy the healthcare market in the middle of the night?
I'm afraid good people will suffer from idiots addicted to opioids and be left out,while we know how to control the use of this med.
Then grow some and protect Ohio. No on skinny repeal  no on any repeal. Sit down with Dems and fix Ocare before you lose a generation
Bc people don't have jobs or health care.   Or hope
Irony.....repeal no replace? How does treatment take place?
Actually, greed is the worst drug our country has ever faced.
Money for drug users,none for working class poor.
Please vote NO on these irresponsible @GOP health bills. We need you to be a patriot and stand up for Ohioans and America  #OpiodCrisis
How much are you getting paid for this opioid crisis? There must be something in it for you. You have no heart or soul, we know u dont care.
YOUR healthcare costs us over $35 billion a year! YOU pick from 200+ plan FEHBP! WE pay 72% of YOUR premium! That's EXACTLY what we DEMAND!
The skinny repeal You said you'd vote for makes it worse.
Don't make it worse. Vote NO on skinny repeal. #SaveMedicaid
The skinny repeal law will damage the chances of addicts to get treatment, kick Ohioans off insurance, & do irreparable damage. VOTE NO!!!!
And yet you vote against the best interest of Ohioans and their #healthcare
Please call his office to have your opinions tallied.

202-224-3353. 

You can leave a voicemail.
Which is why you need to vote no on this skinny repeal and fight for something better.
So, will I need to become an opiate addict to get healthcare in Ohio?
A skinny repeal vote will make it worse.  Check your social media feeds.... Ohioans want you to vote No.  Do your job, Rob.
I'm sure it will get much better when you strip away health care from millions of people.
Yes it is Opioid capital and skinny repeal and Medicaid cuts should make it that much better when Ohioans lose health insurance! Winning!
@senrobportman Since you asked, here are the numbers showing how the Opiod money you're proposing isn't nearly enough. #SaveOurCare
Please stop pretending you care about the people that you represent.  You're  embarrassing yourself at this point, Senator.
Really? And you will take away ACA? Fix ACA!
Blame the drug companies that have paid you millions. They created the problem while you allowed them to make billions. #RecallPortman
Then don't vote for the sham that is skinny repeal! No guarantees it will go to conference. Don't take a chance. Simply vote no. Bad bill.
Thanks to your Baby Killing votes, we will have a much worse crisis, and before you even come up for re-election
1. Uh, remember crack? 
2. If you cared, you'd be a decided NO on #SkinnyRepeal
Very true. Please vote no on skinny repeal and work to fix ACA.
Then why are you voting to take away Ohioans healthcare?
Vote NO on any Bill that does harm to fellow Ohioans.
Thanks to our ridiculous Gov and POS Cbus mayor, we have this prob due to inviting in all the criminals. DO SOMETHING!
And so you'd support cutting Medicaid & make #mentalhealth treatment nonessential? Hypocritical. Please vote NO on #BRCA!
You are a #fakeconservative and #fakerepublican. #wewontbefooledagain
Good thing you're about to kick all those opioid addicts off their insurance and deny them treatment.
You will vote to cut Medicaid, which treats Opioid addiction. Omg, you are unreal. Ohioans will NEVER forget. Didn't listen to @JohnKasich
Congratulations. Your vote today will exacerbate that problem.
Just stop. You are working to take treatment away from people caught in the opioid epidemic. You don't care. Stop pretending. It's insulting

What Could Happen to Premiums Under a 'Skinny Repeal'? http://kaiserf.am/2uH84L7  by @larry_levitt
Then push to stop the smuggling of chinese fentanyl into the US
U voting to take healthcare away from folks that need treatment & giving more power to drug companies will def solve the crisis #AltUniverse
Vote no on skinny repeal.  You know it's a terrible bill, and the House is just going to rubber stamp it.  Grow a spine and do what's right.
Oh stop pretending that you care about the people of Ohio! Your vote today will tell the tale! #VoteNO #Bad4Ohio
So why are you supporting a healthcare plan that will gut Medicaid expansion & repeal requirement on insurance co.'s to cover mental health?
No, it's not the worst @senrobportman   The "crack" epidemic was as equally devastating., except the people were Black.
1. This IS imp, but won't matter w/o decent hlthcare. 2. U voted to repeal & leave us w nothing. 3.  Take a stand!!
All the more reason you need to #SaveACA and #SaveMedicaid and stop this #SkinnyRepeal nonsense!
So your answer is to vote for trumpcare so the addicrs die more quickly? How very republican of you. 
Lives are saved because of the ACA in our state.  Don't let our people die because you need to support your party.  Support Ohio.  Period.
So why did you vote to allow debate on bills that would cut funds for it, hypocrite?
And gutting Medicaid will help how?  Cannot believe you are voting for the Skinny Repeal.  A cobbled mess.  Deliberation
Show that you care by voting no on the skinny. Tweets are just words. Prove it.
And you just voted to make it worse.
IT IS terrible in Oh.If you repeal & replace the #ACA it will leave thousands in recovery or needing other medical care with NOTHING #VOTENO
So, your plan is to take away access to healthcare & treatment to solve opioid crisis? Vote No on repeal/replace or you really don't care
"So I'll vote to raise premiums by 20% next year and kick 16 mill people off insurance." #VoteNoTrumpcare
What your take on this. Are you funding a crisis?
Yes it is bad...
Repeal it & don't look back...
That is because Ohio is plugged into illegal Mexican migrants that bring lots of drugs with them as they come North every year. I live here.
Then say NO on the asinine Skinny Bill It's bad for OH, bad for the US. It affects millions & deserves careful planning. Do better than this
Did you forget about crack-cocaine? I mean that is still pretty bad, oh there's meth too. 
Gop has to go flip there seats they vote on this they are gone
People take drugs to try and forget you are their senator rob
As one of your constituents I agree it's bad. Slashing Medicaid will slash treatment to get addicts off opioids. Don't make it worse.
U know kicking this Skinny HC bill to House =Freedom Caucus will destroy HC/Medicaid=hurt Ohioans. Don't drink Skinny HC KoolAid. Vote NO!
Your actions and FAKE concern are appalling when we look at your voting record!
Out of curiosity When crack cocaine was devastating our cities Why did your colleagues call for more prisons? Feel free to ignore this too
Just wrote the same. These f'ing people.
Constituent 44074, frequent caller. Folks affected by addiction are going to need healthcare. Private insurance won't take them!
Besides putting out fires with CARA and STOP, can we have some studies about WHY this is so bad in our state?  Please.
Then vote NO on the repeal!
Give us your healthcare and we will be happy
So vote no against all ACA repeal efforts, ESPECIALLY skinny repeal
Quit acting like this handwringing about the opioid crisis is going to make your vote to cripple the ACA look any better.
That's his MO
Step 1: clutch pearls
Step 2: vote against anything that would help issue that made him clutch said pearls
#latherrinserepeat
It's entertaining to watch you keep throwing stuff at the wall, but post-skinny repeal, nothing is going to stick.
See you SAY this but your ACTIONS of voting against ACA will increase the #opioidcrisis. Actions speak louder than words.
A viable way to mitigate the crisis is working with your colleagues in a bipartisan effort to fix any deficiencies in the ACA. #VoteNo
Repeal
Don't tell us AGAIN it's what u promised to repeal. That is such a juvenile excuse to not amend/improve the ACA!
And yet you still voted FOR trumpcare. You lied to Ohio, and I will do my part to see that it ends your career in politics.
Lyin' @senrobportman & his GOP comrades passed #CARA with $0.00 in funding.... ZIP, ZILCH, NADA!!!#ConManRob #Hypocrite #AllTalkNoAction
Yes it is. So repealing the ACA will make that worse. What is the damn problem w/improving-amending ACA? WHAT is the Reason?
Why don't you protect our borders from it coming in. I'm tired of paying for drug addicts when I can't afford my own insurance
