it would be strange indeed if so celestial an article as FREEDOM should not be highly rated. Free us from government controlled healthcare.
#KeepThePromise of #FullRepeal! Republicans have promised to overturn Obamacare for 7 years. Keep your word & get the govt out of healthcare
Just improve the ACA. #AHCA is NOT the answer. Also, multitask & call for independent #TrumpRussia investigator.
The best way to "fix" it is a #FullRepeal PERIOD. It's what u promised & we WILL hold u accountable. #UnitedForFreedom.
Fix it by #REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED being a GOOD start! #UnitedforFreedom!
Costs CANNOT be lowered until subsidies and MANDATES are reduced! Bring market forces BACK INTO PLAY! Allow REAL insurance - catastrophic
Catastrophic insurance doesn't cover treatment for lifelong, life threatening conditions. That will kill millions.
What threatens ppl with chronic conditions is having a pricing structure that is not related to what people can afford to pay. Thanks govt
So you think we should just let these people die?
a shining example of your incapacity of nuance
What nuance is there in people not being able to get healthcare?
U can't declare the product of another's labor as the RIGHT of someone else!
So you are pro-choice?
Don't take the tax cut, Rob. That would fix a million sins!
@senrobportman and @SenSherrodBrown @RepSteveChabot The Affordable Care Act does not need to go away. Just tweeked. Keep ACA and tweek it.
Thank you!  Voucher/Coupons will not work.
#fullrepeal #noreplacement #keepyourpromise #unitedforfreedom
You can help lower healthcare costs with a #FullRepeal
I saw a list of the wealthiest 50 polititions in D.C. in 2015...you were 45th! Don't take the tax cut, Rob. You're killing us...
We don't want you in our business, personal lives and decisions or our healthcare!!!!!!!!!
Call out Donald Trump! He needs impeached!
Lowering healthcare costs is what we need. Lowering premiums Just compromises level of care. Don't repeal, improve!
The AHCA is the nothing more than pushing the wealth upward hurting the middle and lower classes.  #repealportman
We are counting on YOU to preserve the Medicaid expansion for Ohioans. You're on the committee - Trump promised NO CUTS & coverage for all.
Not just lower costs @senrobportman but also keep required services.  Do not strip our healthcare.
Is this @senrobportman coming out for #SinglePayerNow / #SinglePayer ?   Or is he just being a  #panderbear ?  Methinks the latter.
Does this mean we can count on your vote AGAINST #trumpcare? or will you choose party over what your constituents actually want?
Thank you for taking a stand to protect Medicaid expansion. On an unrelated note.... #SpecialProsecutor
#RepealObamacareandDeregulateOnly! #UnitedForFreedom!  No trumpcare!
ACA is working for my son.   And my friend.   Don't mess it up.
Are you doing it for all or just those under 30 with no medical history?
And leave pre existing conditions in!
House tweaks to Ocare nowhere near #FullRepeal. Gov't is not Daddy! Return health care to free market where it belongs. #UnitedForFreedom
The concept of "repeal and replace" accepts the premise that the feds should be regulating health care in the first place.

#FullRepeal
seven years republicans campaigned full repeal, now  watered down Obamacare is all? No compromise, keep promises full repeal no replacement!
Expressly who is being left behind? Is it by misaligned priorities, or bad public policy? Undocumented workers choose poorly.
#TOWNHALL Senator. Request no. 11
How about a town hall Senator
Single payer?
schmuck...pre-existing conditions is not INSURANCE putz

The Benghazi attack was called an "avoidable atrocity." Tell me, @jasoninthehouse and @TGowdySC, when do the hearings start for this? https://twitter.com/AsteadWH/status/864262487742361600 …
Single payer- cut out the middle man. Have a basic package- negotiate drug $- tiered system  that people could buy in for "Cadillac" care.
Congress must do something to save America from the President. You are our checks and balances. We demand impeachment. #IMPEACH
Must fix and must not cause people to lose their health insurance entirely
Single payer!
by working like GROWN UPS with the @SenateDems to repair what we have. ACA foundation is good, just needs some tweeks!
Senator Portman, please fight for coverage of pre-existing conditions. Any "solution" without that is no solution at all.

@senrobportman make the fixes but keep the AHCA mandates that protect preexisting conditions, etc.
Why do you continue to support this nat sec disaster of a president? You're complicit.
Health & welfare should not be at the mercy of corporate profit: #BigPharma & #CorporateInsurance drive up costs. FIX #ACA -which GOP gutted
You are right health care needs to be addressed fairly and correctly.  But you need to get this train wreck we have going on under control
You didn't lift a finger in 6 yrs to help anyone in Ohio. How do you look your kids in the eye & not be ashamed? People died because of you.
Over
Echoing the comment in Enq- as long as patients are paying for ins 20+% profit, healthcare will be $$$. Single payer!
Is that why you support the Republicare bill that takes health care away from 24M people and increases premiums by 750% on the elderly?
Don't care.  What are you doing to help remove trump from office?  Stop whatever your doing and focus on nothing else.  Remove the traitor!
Fix the #ACA! More people are insured than ever before! Keep the patient protections!
Maybe regulate the insane fees profits companies are taking on the backs of the poor + middle classes? Maybe? #answeryouphonerob #TownHall
#Trumpcare is just a big tax cut for wealthy. No to #Trumpcare it should be called Trump-no-care bill
Thanks to GOP sabotage. The marketplace prices had stabilized,but that changed w/the uncertainty created by threat of repeal.
I agree, so does that mean you're going to support #SinglePayer NO #trumpcare
The current #Trumpcare plan will price me right out of health insurance while not being Medicaid or Medicare eligible. #stopACHA
taking their health care dollars and insurance with them - whether in Ohio or North Carolina. Looking forward to all these improvements soon
How about prohibiting drug advertising? How about federal drug negotiation? How about Canadian drugs? How about OTC hearing aids?
How about expanding competitive bidding? How about better price transparency on procedures? How about holding public forums to listen to us?
How about monitoring CEO pay and insurance profits? How about a single-payer system to cut out the middleman?
Tax cuts for billionaires won't cut costs. Please start by listening to your constituents (have a #townhall), and put country before party.
that's affordable, innovative, responsive. No b'crats telling patients or their doctors what's best, and folks can go where they want ...
without compromise!  Do that and the progress you want can be achieved! More competition, more dynamic, efficient and effective service...
be sure to empower and expand the ability of Churches and other houses of faith to serve those in need! Give them the freedom to do so ...
Growing costs can best be fixed through a single payer system. I suggest you evaluate this publicly for all of #Ohio to see benefits
that aren't already covered by Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security disability and other social programs already servicing those in need. And
fix the existing law~
I think congress could simply fix the ACA. I don't buy a whole new house or car because something is wrong.
very expensive! Please don't raise my taxes! Let the free market work for all but the poor, the widowed, the orphaned, the disabled and aged
This issue is too important to ignore the people over, host a Town Hall and listen to what the people of Ohio want.  Request no. 6
HEY... ROB... WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THE LUNATIC IN THE WHITE HOUSE ???
Yes, we need you to work for reform! Reform with a goal of healthy citizens not a goal of tax benefits for the wealthy. POTUS does not care.
Fine to work to make health insurance less expensive/more affordable for all. I and my wife are small business owners who pay our own way...
Please god end this mandate we are drowning with the cost of this and a tax penalty hanging over my head because I CAN'T AFFORD insurance!!!
AND!  We have WAITED LONG ENOUGH!  Stop PUTZING AROUND! Move your ASSES and get this shit DONE already!
Did you see the articles lately on rising drug costs?  YOUR president is all about big business.  There's the issue!
MY COSTS WILL BE LOWER WHEN I DON'T HAVE TO BUY STUPIDLY EXPENSIVE So-CALLED HEALTH INSURANCE!!!  #EndtheMandate
That's IT! I have ordered my PITCHFORK! I am sick to death of this CRAP! I can't believe VOTED FOR YOU AGAIN! - REPEAL!!!
Yes, we know that YOUR party is trying to strip millions of their healthcare and raise the costs on the poor and elderly. And????!
YOU MUST END THE MANDATE!!!! More people have been left behind by obamacare than will be hurt by repealing it!
Please cite your source.
No NEED! EVERYONE who is paying premiums is being hurt.  Literally everyone. BC this makes healthcare more expensive FOR EVERYONE. Literally
bullshit! We MUST get rid of the MANDATE! I don't give shit how you do it - JUST DO IT!!! DO YOUR JOB! RELEASE US ROM THIS CRAP!!!
Or you could get the fraud out of the system! "Work anxiety" is NOT. Disability! Do drug testing!
What does drug testing have to do with Obamacare or trumpcare?
Drug test Medicaid recipients to weed out fraudulent cases and therefore have more $ for genuine needs
What are you going to drug test them for? I thought we in Ohio wanted to get these people treatment.
Are you a member of an equal branch of government or just an enabler?
hey Rob ... ya boy @realDonaldTrump is leaking stuff to the Russians .... cause he can I guess .......
Plenty effective models - ACOs and patient centered medical homes. Value based care. Talk to healthcare experts. Denying access doesn't work
Keep up Senator. We want Articles of Impeachment. Talk to your colleagues in the House about it. Unless you support Trump's leaking of info
Look into patient centered medical homes: Blanchard Valley, PriMed Physicians - improving quality while lowering cost per patient per month.
Russia who?
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.87 @JoeSchiavoni
