.@senrobportman And thanks to your vote letting ISPs sell private information, now ISPs can read ABOUT our kids! What can $80k get me?
Maybe for 80k we can buy his private data from his ISP...
we are turning back the clock on environmental pollution for coalminers who could be retrained for other jobs?
- ok to pollute our children's environ as long as we read to them 15 min a day?
Six and a half minutes you could have spent demanding an independent investigation of Trump’s ties to Russia. If you cared.
OH librarian here and I agree reading is so important! Please support the IMLS money to fund libs and museums!
Your vote for DeVos cancels out all of this. That was the "hard work" and you failed American children.
I'm reading,  all right.  I'm reading your vote record. Stop supporting a straight R agenda and fight for OH!
.@senrobportman @ReadAloud_org I hope to read mine your internet history sometime soon.
.@senrobportman That's great, Rob, just great. Glad you're happy in Lala Land while the country burns around you. #climate #russia #etc
more parents could spend more time reading if you passed living wage leg so they don't have to work 2+ jobs
before or after blocking rules that would protect American privacy and handing a win to big cable & phone?
people can't do that on poverty wages because they are working multiple jobs to feed them
Are you going to tell your kids that you sold out their privacy for profit?!
Spoke on the Senate Floor today about the importance of an independent investigation. #FTFY
For pity's sake, Rob, every educated person knows this!  Focus on priority. Is POTUS a sellout? Fake pres?
It would have helped if you hadn't voted to destroy education by voting in DeVos.
Your a cop out Do your job stop wasting our time if you cared about Education you wouldn't of vote for #devos
YOU should have talked directly to Trump.. he reads Esquire!! YOUR PRESIDENT.. keep praising him .. goodbye
.@senrobportman you know who's going to get to read my browsing history?  Whoever pays the most for it thanks to your vote.
Speak about RussiaTrump & demand an #independentinvestigation NOW. How are you ignoring this? Should we wonder abt your role?
Also, what does reading to kids have to do with law making? Not a subject when you confirm an incompetent person for ED post
Pretty sure he didn't READ anything about her, and he ignored his constituents. Not going to forget, Portman!
nice!
and universal pre-k.
this is super important to be sure. I would also like to see thoughts on climate, Russia, and women in gov't
Whoa - slow down there Mr. Radical - what kind of books are you advocating?
This could've been achieved in an email. Start talking about the hard issues, like the terrible partisanship.
I agree reading is important! Put your money where your mouth is & save the IMLS from losing federal funding!
It'll be even more needed after ur vote for DeVosCharter school have been a TOTAL failure in OH @OHDems
Senator. You remind me of the band that played on while the ship was sinking. 
Also important to maintain funding for PBS and support shows such as Sesame Street.
I agree!  So important. As is a good public school system. Why did you confirm DeVos?
can I guess this is why you couldn't join @clairecmc in her investigation into opioid manufacturers? Or is it b/c of their $?
.@senrobportman @ReadAloud_org Bold stand there, forked-tongued Rob
How abt reading faxes, tweets, emails, messages to you. STOP THE CORRUPTION IN THE WHITEHOUSE!!!  Independent investigation!
I agree! So many great children's books out there...here's one to help explain the messes grownups insist on making!
this is something Senators need to discuss? We would all like to read Trumps tax returns.  How about getting those released?
I would love to read POTUS' tax returns to my 8 year-old. #Trumprussia
.Thanks for stripping our internet privacy so companies can make a profit off our data. Pretty crappy thing to do to your constituents
then please protect funding 4 great programs like @OhioReadingCorp and other #OH @AmeriCorps progs #letsusserve @ServiceYear
I THINK YOUR ACOUNT HAS BEEN HACKED.
know what else is good 4 kids? Healthcare, clean air & water, public schools
Read to your children when their little and when they are grown you might not be pushing policy against them
We need for an independent counsel to investigate #Trumprussia . Nothing is as important! Senator  I'm constituent. Zip 45415
along with 45's tax returns. Our country is at risk of being sold to the highest bidder.
what a waste of 15 minutes. Would have been a good opportunity to show outrage over the environment you claim to care about.
why are you spending time telling other senators things they already know. Yes reading is important.Tellvoters
You will never have my vote ever
But you couldn't help with the healthcare bill you expected us to take that new bill your terrible
someone should have read to @realDonaldTrump about climate change!
This is so funny I'm laughing out loud. Who is the intended audience? Should all those senators read to kids?
you know what else is important? A competent Sec Ed. But you clearly don't agree since you voted for $ instead
You must ask for Nunes to recuse himself! This is a travesty that the GOP is trying to cover up! On u guys
reading is so important. And so is an independent investigation of Russian meddling with US election. Where is ur statement?
Y are you preaching to senators about this??  Support rdg progs & families. $15/hr min wage wd help. #15/hr
so is clean air and water.
My 8 yr can read check @BetsyDeVos  signed over to you so she could destroy DofE
how about the importance of NOT letting a foreign power manipulate your democracy #doyourjob
why don't spend a few talking about tax returns, protecting healthcare, privacy & environment protection. Do ur job.
Gonna have to read to them. Internet education just got creepy.
As a retired educator, thank you!!
Also, reading books as a family while family grows up.Never too late to start.
Good reason for after school programs and early childhood ed!! PLUS reading to children, daily
good job in allowing  ISPs to sell our data. Did you read the bill ? Or do you like corporations better than the people of OH
focus on the fact that our planet is dying and the president just made it worse! Or help fix ACA! You congressppl are useless
America needs all hands on deck on Russian investigation BEFORE any other business takes place.
the hell with reading to kids get back  to repealing ObamaCare already, our tax dollars at work SMH
Explain why you hate the ACA.
here's why, I qualify for no subsidies 1000 a month, 60% coverage, $12,000 deductible. Not affordable I am middle class
Sooooooo, if you don't have insurance, where do you go if you have to have surgery--or get cancer?
ins is crap insurance, with no coverage because of the $12,000 deductible it's like not having insurance "Hello".
Thank you for supporting this.
