How are you going to vote on repealing Obamacare?
For the umpteenth time stop trying to cut healthcare for Americans! I think we have made our views very clear & we expect you to listen!
The only way to get him to listen us to #voteportmanout.
I completely agree!
You have betrayed your OH constituents, you're not fit to lead anymore.  
Still Supporting the Cassidy-Lindsey #MassKillingsBill?
THANK YOU!!!!! #SaveTheKids #Slavery #ChildAbuse give those w/out a voice justice. Protect the victims not the criminals
How about not voting to take HC from over 20 million ppl.
90 seconds of testimony right, because that's all American's will get for their health care, 90 seconds of debate per Senator. Get real.
I'm looking forward to your no vote on Cassidy-Graham bill! Country before party!
Oh for all that is good and holy:
#Backpage please just donate to this moron so we can get him to focus on real issues!
Ohioans are looking for healthcare that covers essential benefits, preexisting conditions, and healthcare that takes CARE of their HEALTH...
How about you stop @realDonaldTrump from yanking healthcare?  Or DACA?
Vote NO on Graham Cassidy!
You've enabled a sexual predator since January 20th. Your words mean nothing.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP a bi partisan issue you can support! VOTE YES on #SESTA!
what if someone needs to turn to sex work to pay for cancer treatment after you repeal ACA? Any help for them?
how about victims of human trafficking who rely on Medicaid now? How will you help them when Graham-Cassidy dismantles it?
He doesn't care. All Rob is good for us lip service. Claims to care about opioid epidemic while voting to decrease funding. 2022 Rob
YouTube and Backpage must be held accountable for allowing pedophilia and child exploitation. #SESTA #Section230

TY. Now push GOP to vote NO on repeal ACA. Where is the care and compassion for your voters that need you? #NoRepeal
Protecting the lives of the unborn is next, right?
@senrobportman Are you going to tell them how much survivors depend on Medicaid? How many are undocumented immigrants? NO on #GrahamCassidy
Thank you, Senator. Please also stop enabling those who want to strip coverage in an Opioid emergency.
You are either the most clueless individual or the most callous because you totally ignore what your constituents are telling you.
I'm looking forward to you putting a stop to Graham/Cassidy.
Vote no on Graham/Cassidy bill. 45805
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. It will drastically cut medicaid to fight opioid crisis while increasing premiums.
Cool.  I'm looking forward to the day we vote you out of office.  Quick question: What will sex trafficking victims do without healthcare?
Bet you're not looking forward to being asked by your constituents why you voted to take away their health insurance.
He's not worried b/c he doesn't hold town halls. Rob is bought & paid for by special interest.
Do you want to know CBO coverage numbers for Ohio before voting or nah just vote and it should be fine?
He doesn't care. He votes party lines, after expressing faux reservations errrrrytime. 2022 Rob, I won't forget.
Remove the special cost of Congress health and pay like regular Americans
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Just vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.  No no no no no. Get it?  Don't let Ohioans die!
Wow---the cunt dates to speak
Or you could speak about lower taxes and Obamacare repeal
Bring up how so many foster children are vulnerable to trafficking. Only if the state would start protecting these girls
#noGrahamCassidy

If you car about the health of women, teens, girls - you must #VoteNOGrahamCassidy. Cutting Medicaid and PP will not help them.
How about healthcare? That DEFINITELY effects more Ohioans. I know you took pharm money but arent your principles more important  than $$?
Looking forward for Rob to do the right thing. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. Be Ohio's hero. Help all the people in your tweets. Help all of us
@CNN How much longer Portman allowed to trumpet this legislation without asking Q: Would pussy-grabbing POTUS have balls enough to sign it?
@senrobportman and his missing spine standing up for the softball issues
Susan Collins is able to come out with a reasoned opinion on Graham/Cassidy.  Why won't you Senator?  #GrahamCassidy
I look forward to you saving our healthcare
You have the power to be one of the three needed to stop the Graham-Cassidy bill. Vote No to #stopthebill
Your constituents are watching you

Under this bill, people with metastatic cancer will pay $142,650 more a year to get coverage.

That is not reform. That is a death sentence. https://twitter.com/CAP_Health/status/909838219809820672 …
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy aka #Trumpcare

If you are proud of your bill, debate & analysis show the American people why. If you are this ashamed of it, we already know why. https://twitter.com/dylanlscott/status/909861101428408324 …
If you are not outraged, you are not paying attention. Call Senator Portman to tell him to vote No.  Enough is enough. Need Bipartisan fix.
SAY NO TO #GrahamCassidy.
We get it. You are against sex trafficking and the opiod problem. So is pretty much everyone. What are you doing to protect Dreamers from...
...deportation? What are you doing to protect our right to healthcare? What are you doing to keep Trump from starting a war with N. Korea?
As important as the two issues you constantly tweet about are, just saying they are bad over & over accomplishes nothing but self-promotion
What will you do when survivors of sex trafficking can't access #Medicaid for their physical/mental health needs because of #GrahamCassidy?
Please vote against the latest iteration of #Trumpnocare. It's easy to be against sex trafficking, difficult to put conscience over party.
Do you plan to also protect the health care of your constituents?
Your office told me you still needed to read the ACA repeal bill. Read it. You know SESTA.
Luck tomorrow Sen. If you could take time out on Wednesday 10/20 at 5  congratulate Barberton super AntiOpiate panel discussion.
But you're a solid NO on a bill that robs Ohio of federal funding and has no CBO score right? RIGHT?
I'm looking forward to your opinion on health care. You have your head buried pretty deep though.
Hope you're taking the time to move from  to  on #GrahamCassidy, Senator. You need to protect Ohioans' healthcare!
I'm looking forward to your NO vote on Graham/Cassidy
I'm not sure why you tweet. You never respond to your constituents. I guess it's probably not really you, just some unpaid aide.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 

#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
REALLY ROB ............ $382,100  from big pharmaceutical buds ... REALLY ???
Is Trump Modeling included in your speech?
Victims of sex trafficking will have no healthcare ,.Making them the victim over and over
How about the stop pretending Jesus would have stolen from the poor, sick, elderly act? Will that be live streamed too?
Go get them no human should ever be sold history has taught us that so this should be easy for all
And you shut the cameras off regarding health care.
