Vote no on DeVos.  She destroy public education in US.  Think about our children.
vote against devos
contrary to you guys wimping out, DeVos is not qualified.   Grow a spine and stand up for our kids.
i have never seen so many constituents, across party lines, united in their condemnation of #devos TIME TO 
LISTEN
disappointed! Vote no on DeVos! Making a big mistake going with this decision! Ohio will speak - voted for u, but won't again
.@SenRobPortman Please vote no on the ridiculously unqualified Betsy DeVos!  American children deserve better and you know it! #DumpDeVos
I'd like to hear you admit to your constituents how much money you've received from DeVos, and then justify your vote for her
esp. since our state is in the wake of a charter scandal
it's going to be a pleasure working to vote him out of Congress.
sad thing is, I used to support him. Thank God I'm a business owner and have time and $ I can devote, against him
You voted for Tillerson right? Seems to me you have a dog in this fight & he is Putin/ Trump.
vote no on devos
No mention of the US-backed coup there, huh? Convenient omission.
Opposing your fascist puppet state is about the only good thing Russia has done under Putin's horrible leadership, well bye
Also contrary to disinformation, Betsy DeVos is spectacularly unqualified to be education sec. Please vote NO. Thanks!
#noondevos Please vote no for our children tomorrow. 43214
...and you should vote no on DeVos
Then don't let sanctions be lifted.
- please speak out and protect your constituents
And how come we aren't doing anything about it? Dropping sanctions w/o getting anything in return? We. SEE. this!
@Roodhouse @senrobportman @NCResist *45 whines about bad deals, but this somehow passes muster? Sanction Russia!!
credit @MoscowTimes but accurate.
as your constituant, I  urge you to vote no on #DeVos. #Buckeyes
So Rob,  who is given out the disformation?  The Executive office maybe?  Hmmmm? #TheResistance
nice to know your alive and tweeting. Why has no one been answering your phone or responding to emails? #noDevos
But you must do more for the ppl of OH & US. You know DeVos is dangerously unqualified, a plagiarizer, and an ideologue
The ppl of Ohio are watching you. Voting no on DeVos is the only reasonable choice.
If you believe we will continue to have free & fair elections in midterms and beyond, our voice matters.
thank you for caring about facts!
@LevHavryliv Establish a western presence in UKR. It would embarrass Putin in the eyes of Russians. Threaten him with that!
@Astorix23 it will be fun watching, when trump drops all russia sanctions and you spinelessly go right along with it.
Call the president and tell him. These are things he needs to know.
YOU SOLD OUT OHIO AND IT'S CHILDREN.
Vote to put DeVos in- we want change in our education system! Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for truth against efforts by the Administration to establish moral equivalency. We appreciate that!
please vote NO for DeVos!
this is the leadership we need. please continue, stay brave, do more.
Ukraine opiates trafficking support DeVoss rethink and vote no
please disclose $$$ you received from Betsy DeVos. Your constituent say vote no Honest means VOTE NO. Are you honest Prove it
disinformation is coming from POTUS where is your outrage Buckeye? Ps u vote for DeVos we will remember #Indivisible
what are we doing about it?
vote no on DeVos!!!! #cantbebought
You should really reconsider your vote on DeVos. Step up. Do what is right. Vote no.
#nodevos#devosunqualified
R u trying to distract us from ur disgraceful act of selling r kids to the highest bidder? #indivisibleoh12 #corrupt
Cannot believe you're supporting #DeVosvote - Ohio constituents (myself included) won't forget.
thank you .now stand up against unqualified DeVos.Not good for Rural Upper Peninsula  of MI
confirm that contrary to misinformation, DeVos is NOT qualified for Education Sect. Please vote NO. 4 our children.
And yet, you risk children in your own state by voting DeVos. She thinks the biggest threat we have is bears. Vote no!
How does YOUR president feel about it? Thou protests too much I think! ALSO, VOTE NO ON DeVos!!!!!!!
@Notmypreside11 #DumpDevos
@Notmypreside11 LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS! WE HAVE LONG MEMORIES
@Notmypreside11 NO ON DEVOS
@Notmypreside11 NO DEVOS
@Notmypreside11 If u vote 4 DeVos, u are betraying your constituents 4 a bribe. We won't forget. U will not b re-elected
Great! Stand up on the senate floor and put it in the record ....right after you vote no on De Vos.
Please vote no on DeVos for Sec'y of Education despite the fact that she bought you to do her bidding.
Mr Portman please don't support bets Devon. A no vote is be great
Yes, disinformation being spread by our President. He takes his talking points directly from the Kremlin. Stand up for USA!!
I'd rather hear you talk about what your vote will be in tomorrow's vote for Secretary of Education #DumpDevos
"contrary to disinformation out there" @senrobportman is NOT listening to his constituents #noDevos #peopleb4party
- Vote against DeVos. Our children are worth more than the 50K she put in your account.  We'll deal with Russia next.
I honestly don't care about Russia right now. My son's right to FAPE is being threatened by you & your gal pal #BetsyDeVos
contrary to your listening to the people you voted yes on http://DeVos.Party  first, right? @CbusIndivisible #shameonrob
Contrary to the people you are supposed to represent, you say you will vote for DeVos Looks like we should vote no on Portman
Thank you for speaking the truth. Now force @POTUS to recognize it.
maybe you should follow fewer Ukrainians on Twitter, and more Ohioans.
You have the fate of public education in your hands. Vote NO on Devos.
#WeThePeopleoftheUSA are looking for leaders that use their powers for good.  Please continue to speak up.
Hey, there's a crazy man in the White House. He's on your team. You gonna do something about that?
Ignore the haters, vote your conscience. It's not possible to make everyone happy.
Keep supporting Trump and terrible picks like DeVos , and you will have to keep tweeting the obvious.
YES!! Ukraine/Russia should be top focus right now, along w/ Bannon, and keeping Trump's actions LEGAL. Thank you.
Stand with Trump and you eventually have to stoop. Vote No for DeVos  and do something that you can be proud
your vote for DeVos is a profile in cowardice and a vote for ignorance.
by disinformation you mean Trump
You seem willing to contradict Trump. Please do the right thing again - say no to DeVos.
Thank you for standing up to Russia.  Please find a better cabinet pick than DeVos!
.@senrobportman You will do far more to protect us in #Ohio if you vote NO on Betsy DeVos.  #DumpDevos
President should not compare USA to Russia. We are not "killers".
Please investigate Russian/Trump ties. A foreign country influenced our election and got themselves a puppet.
We on the left know that and protest it while you blindly support #PresidentBannon's agenda. You contribute to all of this.
RNC changed the rules on Ukraine last July.Trump gave Russia the Ukraine  where were you then .
How about a tweet about #DeVos? Have you forgotten your constituents! No worries though, we won't forget you next election!
You might want to mention that to @POTUS
Ya.  We know. #SomeoneTellThePresident
proceed with codification of sanctions in place against Russia.
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos!
@POTUS Russia is the enemy of our free election. Sanctions must remain.
yes. Now stand for Ohio's students #noDevosivote
isn't the word misinformation?
@EOConnell55 vote no #noDevos
#altrnativefacts
we all know that. What action do you plan to take to stop it?
I think he's taking action based on the highest donor...wish he'd consider the will of his constituents!
#USArmUkraineNow
vote NO on Betsy DeVos
See, that wasn't so hard was it?
There is much to be said of seasoned politician! Sa Bol, Rob Aga!!!!!
and once you vote for DeVos you'll be responsible for intellectual violence against our children.
and interfered with our election. Please investigate
No on DeVos
#portmanstopdevos  there is more than one thing it there you need to address.
Tell that to your Toddler in Chief, Senator! Everyone who isn't being blackmailed by Russia knows they are bad news!
Many will make it our mission to insure that any senator who enables Trump & his billion dollar club are not elected again.
@TherealIzlamb Call out tRUMP GOP the party of putin and white supremacist #ImpeachTrump #NoBanNoWalls #NOFASCISTUSA
please inform the WH and the "leader" of your party
ok so that's contrary to what prez thinks so keep your independence & vote no on devos
you mean the disinformation spread by #PresidentBannon & his man-child puppet  @realDonaldTrump ? #growapair #standupforohio
@NileGardiner @Kasparov63 
And the US is responsible for not, at least, helping the Ukrainians with offense weapons
I admire your commitment to justice for #Ukraine where is your commitment to our children and schools? #DumpDevos #noDevos
Thank you making this statement.
They invaded Afghanistan. We did too, except with the help of Europe, no one knows. Did it for opium and a gas line to India.
Ukraine people are basically Russians. Where were you when Russia invaded Chechenya? What's your motive?
Who is responsible for the violence in America today, homelessness, etc.? You people who spend our money on war. Get a job.
you are all talk on Russia while the president you support is in Putin's pocket Ohioans deserve action @POTUS
nice try making us forget you support DeVos! Let him nominate someone w/experience & knowledge! #DumpDevos
Contrary to disinformation out there, @BetsyDeVos is NOT good for public schools. Vote NO on DeVos. #DeVosFacts  #NoOnDeVos
@LouiseMensch Stand up for your country Senator.  Your President just slandered USA and equated USA to Putin's Russia!  Sad!
so surely you support investigating your party's leader's ties to Russia and how he is beholden to Putin, right?
Don't confuse Trump with facts.
@WEMUSTSTOPTRUMP maybe you will find your back bone and stand up straight for once
These ppl that are so uneducated MAGA morons would read they'd know Trump's Putin love is dangerous. & 9/11 was by Saudi's
and yet, you voted Yes on Tillerson.  You've picked your side and it's not America!
I hope this means you'll be active in ensuring that the US remains tough on foreign policy w Russia. Also, vote NO on Devos!
How many times does Trump have to throw America under the bus before GOP wakes up and impeaches him.
Portman is to busy hiding from Ohioan's to care
@Russian_Starr #StopPresidentBannon
you might want to point that out to the POTUS
Please investigate @POTUS connection to Russia and demand he release his tax forms
My children will be directly impacted by DeVos' appointment - how can you vote yes?
@JamiaStarheart contrary to disinformation out there, Portman bill signed into law, legalized American propaganda.
But our so called president says Russia is FINE. Everyone has killers. Stand up to this regime, senator. #YouWork4Us
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/828199270209712128 …

You hitched your wagon to this and defend him with your silence and inaction.
Trump defends Putin: "You think our country is so innocent?" http://hill.cm/Iv9q8jm  
Sure, Russia is responsible for the violence.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pooFkZzmtNc … #Ukraine
Wow! Been watching one of the old movie channels? Catch up with the news turncoat. Enjoy the anarchy you have released.
Pls vote NO for DeVos. You KNOW she is NOT qualified. And we know she's bribing you. Do the right thing - VOTE NO
CODE RED IS BLARING -Need INDEPENDENT Commission into Russian espionage. History is being written- don't be on the wrong side
This is plain wrong. The Kiev regime's forces have been randomly shelling civilians for over three years now. Open your eyes.
Tell us something we don't know Rob. Now what are you doing about it? And our other Russian problem aka Donald?
@EuEthnic heard that the Ukrainian government is incredibly rightwing. This true?
just vote no on DeVos. Represent your constituents. Do right by our children.
And when are you going to reject this illegitimate POTUS and stand for country over party?
@McFaul thers whole Alley of angels in Donetsk: kids killed by Ukr army you support/side with, 100+ killed by Ukr nonviolence
@McFaul Rus resp 4violence in Ukr?US backd Ukr army kill Donbass kids but Rus respon? recompense: Ukr has best prodgies 4kids
if Russia invaded Ukraine, ukrainian fascists regime is overthrown in a couple of hours!
show frames where Russia invades Ukraine?
ukraine to fuck. Poroshenko bloody dictator
@Russian_Starr Senator why is the President defending #Putin
@In4mdCndn Russia bombed the shit out of Syria
this Ohio constituent disapproves of your DeVos vote- you're running the Ohio educational system into the ground.
Try telling the So-Called President.
Can we discuss DeVos?
It's a shame you aren't in a position of power where you could demand more accountability from the current admin about this
.@senrobportman Who is spreading this disinformation? Why don't you name names and speak out? Be a patriot!
You probably need to tell our#socalledpresident about that, Rob.
Would you please remind the President? He seems to be very confused about which country he should serve.
yes, Russia is wrong and so would voting For Devos. Vote No against Devos. Educated choices for our future!
@LouiseMensch that's why you won Ohio by 22 points and Trump only won by 8
while we appreciate you trying to correct #alternatefacts you lose all credibility by takin DeVos $ and voting for her
We The People Deserve to be heard! No Tax release No News on his ties to Russia! When is your next town hall?
Yeah, and the leader of your party works for them, which is why he is ignoring Russian aggression. Impeach!
I'm OH Ind and want to know what u r doing to stop this incompetent Pres? Repubs need to do the right thg or lose our vote!
Your Commander in Chief either doesn't realize this or, much worse, is complicit. #PutinsPresident
russia also hacked our election and Trump knows it...when do we get fbi investigation results?
You support Trump. Therefore you support Putin. You can't have it both ways. Getting your tax cuts for the rich & waxing USA.
talk is cheap.  Do something about the national security threat sitting in the White House.
@LouiseMensch in Europe a lot of countries had a conflict with Nazi  Germany.
@LouiseMensch You better tell @realDonaldTrump
Thank you Senator, for saying so. #WeThePeople have no desire to emulate Russia & we want or Democracy back.
words are pointless without action. Pointless.
please don't vote for DeVos
@Ukrainolution
...vote against Devos if you really want to do the right thing!
did you tell @realDonaldTrump that?
Stand up to White House lies.
So what are you going to do about tRUMP PUTINS PUPPET
We won't forget Rob!!! Every vote you make!
What about Amway Russia?
Rob, Betsy DeV owes Ohio a $5mil fine for intentionally flouting our election laws, after being TOLD what they were; VOTE NO
ANY CONCERNS re:CARTER PAGE,TRUMP,KUSHNER, TILLERSON & the 1/2BILLION $ OIL DEAL WITH RUSSIA? SANCTIONS? @ManMet80
#we need to start imoeavhment Don con mentally ill
USA responsible for violence in Syria, Libya, Iraq, it invaded Afghanistan, Iraq, it backs SA in yemen..whats ur point??
And what do you intend to do about it? @robportman
Tell Trump.
Thx! Where is that disinfo coming from? I'm sorry, you forgot to mention- it's coming from your "President"! So do something.
AND ALSO PROBABLY HAS COMPROMISING TAPES ON OUR PRESIDENT! You're from Ohio like me. Please don't get conned. Stay true.
@ManMet80 SO @senrobportman WHAT DO YOU THINK OF TRUMP/BANNON LIFTING SANCTIONS AGAINST RUSSIA?
So what are you going to do about Comrade Trump and #presidentbannon?
yep ! To get oil piped out for Exxon
wow,is it normal for a senator to lie in media?If Russia annexed Crimea, why not to annex eastern part of Ukraine same way?
@MSchmitty86 Do you support a 9/11 style commission to investigate Russian infiltration of Trump admin? @SenFeinstein help.
tell that to the leader of your party
then do something about it and #impeachtrump
so will you speak out against Trump? Stop him?
You may want to inform the President, he seems to have alternate information.
