No it won't, and you probably know it.
https://waysandmeans.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/20170713TP-Testimony-Huang.pdf …   Great testimony to Tax policy provided the numbers.    Hope there is a town hall soon!
How? By having them pay for the tax cuts for the wealthy?
Hello Senator.  I'm concerned that you don't know there is public information available?.  Who is your tax staffer? https://www.jct.gov/publications.html …
Only it won’t. #Taxreform is a recycled trickle down.I am old enough to remember this and young enough to have not forgotten! Trickle Failed
GOP lies
Hearing on International Tax Reform. Who is speaking for 9M Am's abroad decimated by citizen tax & #FATCA? 
Did U contact @kredmond_global?
US also being harmed by these poorly thought out uniquely American competition destroying tax policies. http://bit.ly/2fxegyi  #TaxReform
Bologna!  The rich will go where they can pay workers the least.  Wake up!
Trickle down doesn't work!
It depends on the tax reform.  We don't know enough to say it will improve employment or wages.
Trickle down by giving the rich the breaks has NEVER worked.  Where is your evidence?
Trickle down doesn't work.
Umm, no it won't. You guys tried the same crap with healthcare. When are you going to represent the people?
Lots of women and minorities represented in that pic...
Vote No!!
TaxReform: Lies, Lies, and Lies. Thank you for tye info.
It's nothing but a billionaire cash grab.  We can't afford it.
Congrats, U R GOP tax reform scapegoat. Tax Reform alone won't "turn around" anything & u can't win anything else.
Not this current proposal
Senator, you might think we're incapable of simple math - but we can see exactly what you're doing - tax cuts for rich people.
No.  No.  This plan only gives money back to the people who already have it.  It's bullshit and you know it. Now go help Puerto Rico.
No it won't.
I will vote you out of office
PS I will never support the plans of anyone who supports the immoral, racist, unbalanced potus. BC your support of him reveals your morals.
Another photo with your base- rich white guys
A solid well constructed tax bill that helps the middle class would be lovely. The current bill giving $ to billionaires not so much
no, tax reform as proposed will make the general population of this country much worse off.
You better vote for it.
it will do nothing but help the rich and famous and do nothing but harm the general population.  how can you say vote for it?
And allow the rich to get richer.
NEW TAXES FOR MIDDLE CLASS?!? You're giving MY money to the wealthy to invest? ROB HELP us understand HOW can you justify it?
VOTE NO on TAX REFORM
Killing Americans faster than ISIS
2 Biggest GOP Lies on Taxcuts:
They'll:
1•Create jobs
2•Benefit the poor and mid class
3•Pay for themselves

..3 Biggest GOP Lies on Taxcuts
Tax relief for small biz is great! Tax breaks for corporations just pads off shore bank accts. Trickle down is for dummy's.
How about starting with trump and ivanka!?!
Let’s travel around the #US together with the #Congress and talk to people about what they need from this tax code. Join me and let’s travel true America, so the congress gets the right picture?
Quit lying for trump and work for your constituents
It will not bring jobs
You still believe this shit? Ypu obviously have no sense of history or economics.
Can you share historical studies where tax cuts and trickle down have benefited the working class??  I'll wait...
You're a Trump mini-me and that means your one of the Morons Are Governing America = MAGA.  YOU'RE ONE OF THE DESPICABLES.
Trickle down doesn't work.  Even David Stockman has disavowed it!
Jesus Christ dude get it together and try to actually help the people you’re supposed to represent.
Why NOT push for POTUS to be POTUS-shit is real in PR, & Trump uses pleas for help to launch tantrum against DEMS-be a rep not a sycophant
Has that really worked? Rmbr states are the experimental http://sources.Now  rmbr what Brownback did to Kanasas.
No it won't. Did you ever take economics?
You see what Trump is saying about PR-yet you do not call him out. GOP has absolutely no backbone. These people are contracting Cholera!
Trickle down is what has kept the middle class down and more it won’t work any better.  Vote no on latest #taxreform.
Liar, liar pants on fire.
Your party's tax reform is a blue print for "how to make the poor pay for tax cuts for the wealthy". You seem to agree with it.
How will it help Puerto Rico?!?!?
Trickle Down Only benfits the Rich, while the rest of us pay more... No proof it works, lots of proof is dosnt. The GOP is LYING... AGAIN
Trickle down doesn’t work. Proven fact.
Actually:
No one wants those low paying jobs to come home. People aren't taking the jobs that are open currently. We want higher paying jobs!
Trickle down doesn't work.
Trickle down doesn't work.
Trickle down doesn't work.
Trickle down doesn't work.
And to pay for it your cutting 450 billion from Medicare
Manufacturing jobs are not coming back. Quit lying!!
You GOP acted like Obama was Satan who didn't care about the National debt. Now you guys have control & you don't give a shit. Pick one.
With record profits from major corporations, they could hire & invest RIGHT NOW, but they don't. You know this to be talking point bullshit.
No it won't.
We have heard this kind of talk from you before, like repealing Obamacare. We seen how you flip flopped on that.
Inspect Trump's tax returns first. Then hold hearings on a new revenue bill, after town halls in districts. No taxation w/o representation.
Speak up.
#POTUS for profit will benefit more than American Workers. 

Bill Clinton increased taxes in the 90s & the economy grew faster than Reagan
Fake news!!!!
It's a lie. Everything dump and the GOP touches is a lie.
I'm not going to argue with you. 

I'm not going to argue with anyone. I am a coward.
#TrumpTaxScam @robportman How many nannies will the rich hire? How many more landscapers will they hire? Trickle down doesn't work!
Of course it doesn't, but I gotta do what the Koch bros tell me. I am a coward.
#TrumpTaxScam We the People have proved trickle doesn't worked several times. This will not create new jobs as the #wealthy will keep it
#TiredTalkingPoints 
are all you ever offer us, your #PissedOffConstituents
Scam after scam to enrich the rich, while you prop up a maniac.

TPC: Who wins w/Trump 25% Rate for Pass-Throughs? 85-88% goes to top 1%
 So cost of this Trump top 1% proposal?  $2.2 TRILLION over 20 years https://twitter.com/TaxPolicyCenter/status/913826145036009474 …
Why do I want to punch Paul Ryan in the face? Oh right. Because he's a self righteous ass. Birds of a feather....
This video is symbolic of the @GOP congress. Look at them all snickering at us as they feed us more lies. Thanks for nothing.
Rob,

Hope the weekend is going well.  How about  less redundant tweeting and a little more reading of unbiased analysis of this weak plan
not true- it will only make the rich richer
And why do Ryan care so much about what you're saying that he literally checks his watch?
Hey Portman....where are the women?
*Good* tax reform can. What the Republicans have proposed so far is just the rich getting richer.

Shocker.
Why don't I believe you?  U guys r only out to line ur own pockets!!
Giving tax breaks to the top 1% always results in a recession. Y’all keep telling this lie so you can give your rich donors yet more money
Lair
You're smoking dope 
Portman. Income tx got us where we are. HR-25 is best answer. Ask economist W&M committee talked with. Consumption best
Brownback's tax experiment in Kansas was a disaster. Don't force it on the rest of us. #BrownbackDisaster #TaxReform
Stop the bullshit Rob, we can read.
The proposed #taxreform will make your donors richer and stronger. Nothing done for We the People! Shame on you and @GOP.
Lies. All true benefits going to wealthy. Shame on you all AND shame 4 hiding language about CBO ratings within the proposed bill. SNEAKY
No.
When you knowingly tweet things that everyone on Twitter knows are completely false, do you read the replies? Seriously, I'm curious...
Bull. This is for the top 1% of Americans. Spin. It's not about giving Corps. money. Jobs will come when people have more buying power.
#TaxCuts
No. Not accurate.
Tax cuts will encourage the buying of more yachts & million dollar homes 1% #Winners 99% #Losers Term #Reform 
Please do not support the current version of tax reform.  It will hurt more people than help and you are supposed to be our representative.
#TaxReform by GOP benefits the WEALTHY! @senrobportman start working for the bottom 99% in Ohio. #44718
I already am! I'm working for the bottom 99% of the top 1%. They need new Gulfstreams. I am a coward.
how?
Stop.  We're not buying it.  This is tax breaks for the rich on the backs of the middle class.
Please ask the President to release his tax returns.
Tax reform can wait. How about tackling the hurricane relief efforts in PR and Texas? Especially PR where people could actually die?!?
If it were true tax reform to help middle class they could do both. The party in control is more concerned for those that are wealthy .
...and tax the middle class...and create a further deficit that you will use as an excuse to cut social benefits.... YOU HAVE NO CREDIBILITY.
Tax reform will steal money from the middle class to give tax breaks to the wealthy.
People in Texas, Flordia the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico have lost everything GOP wants them to pay the 1 precent big tax cuts

Yes, in the Reagan-fed fantasy world conservatives have lived in since the eighties. IT HAS NEVER WORKED. It’s just religion now.
You heard of Puerto Rico?
"Republican tax plan = massive tax cuts 4 billionaires & trillions of $ in red ink mean cuts 2 Medicare & Social Security." @senwhitehouse
So you'll support a competitive wage as well, right @robportman ? #Fightfor15
Raise the minimum or no tax deal, it to has not been raised in decades. Stop corporate welfare. Or No Deal
Love for you and POTUS to worry about the good people of Puerto Rico.
#TrumpTaxScam 

This appears to most of us to be a tax cut for the richest 1% of Americans...
 
Care to elaborate on how it's not?
You mean, #TrumpTaxScam steals from normal people so the rich can have more.
Liar, that sorry trickle down crap is a total sham.  And you know it.  Stop lying to the people!
What about Puerto Rico?
*cough* bullshit *cough*
More #taxationwithoutrepresentation in Ohio under @JohnKasich's kleptocracy #GOP government:

SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
Would YOU tangle with that nut-job, @bpomalley? I'm not going to oppose him, I am a coward.

