hasn't worked before, isn't gonna this time either
Corrupt Faciest GOP kleptocracy in action
Sleazy Kochsucker
Tell us how. All reports suggest this is not going well for middle class workers.
Tax cuts lead to deficit increase
Robert, Robert, Robert... Please name one example where trickle-down economics worked? You're hurting the middle class with this.

Talk, Talk, Talk........ Where's the bill?????????????????????????
U need 2 get ure ass n gear n get trump under control. It's embassassment 2 th US.ure lyin abt th tax reform u r talkn abt . we're notSTUPID
I don’t believe a word of this
He's full of shit.
Economy is booming according to POTUS. Why do we need tax cuts. What we could use is decent, affordable healthcare.
No, it won't. Trickle down economics does not work. Ask Kansas, you Koch brothers troll.
Get rid of the filibuster and get something done… Talk is cheap
How can you be so blind as to what is happening in the world. Tax reform is needed. But this tax plan sucks.
Trickle down economics doea not work
How about healthcare?
Such unadulterated nonsense.  Stock buybacks is more like it
Misguided logic
You are a friggin idiot!
How will it boost wages? Trickle down? That only happens in Moscow hotel rooms to the man you support as “president”
Didn't work for us during Reagan.Will only make things worse now for 99% of Americans.

How can you in good conscience support this?
Didn't work under Reagan; won't work now.  Give corporations more money & they don't share it, they keep it all & screw employees.
Do you really believe someone making up to $150K is in the middle class?
Stop this lying, @senrobportman ! This plan only helps the wealthy, & trickle-down doesn't work. This would hurt Ohio and the nation.
Tax reform will amount to nothing for the middle class.Trickle down doesn't work.Trumpcare went up 30% in PA.What about OH?What about CHIP?
It worked so well in Kansas, after all.
I don't understand why u think GOP plan will bring back jobs. Eliminating the Estate Tax for wealthy will only increase deficit & not #jobs
They don't think it will create jobs. It is their story to cover the tax cuts for their wealthy donors.
What happens when your tax cuts for the rich don't deliver improved wages and more jobs?
They will blame dems, blacks, immigrants, other.
Vote no on tax reform

Tax cuts will not bring back manufacturing.  Wages are still cheaper in third world country's.
20th century manufacturing jobs will never come back. This reform helps the 1% not middle class. NO more trickle down.
Can we see POTUS' returns first?
You are delusional...Reagan proved that trickle down does not work...it only further eliminates the middle class.
We didn't believe it in 1980 and it did not bear out. We won't be fooled this time either. Asap, we are vacating you from your cozy seat.
It will do none of that. You are just falling in line so your rich donors dont cut you off. Deplorable.
zip it!
Compare this plan to the one in Kansas and what happened there!

We’re not buying your snake oil...
Please explain how this works?
So how does eliminating the estate tax help EVERYONE WHO DOESNT HAVE >$5M?!?!?
What you call tax reform repeals the estate tax and pays for it by cutting Medicare and Medicaid. How does that help with jobs exactly??

Remember Kansas?
Senator, this theory has been disproved over and over and over again, at the expense of the 99% every time
NOPE
You saying this crap over and over again still won’t make trickle down economics work. The rich don’t need more tax cuts. #lies
You're a shining example of what is wrong with Washington. Out of touch w/ your constituency & only interested in pursuing your own agenda
All I hear is blah blah blah. You've shown your loyalty to T & not the people.  This isn't about Dem/Rep.  It's about your personal choices.
You ! You don't even know what a real average family makes in Ohio. How can your corporate welfare help ppl you know nothing about!?
Just wait Rob! Boost wages won’t cover the the 19% increase in health care coverage your brilliant party is supporting #morons
Which Ohio business promised to use every $ in tax savings on job creation?  Exactly 0. 0 delivered jobs after last taxcut.
Harding and Coolidge gave us massive tax cuts, an overheated economy, the Great Depression. Not excited about that, Rob.
We tried trickle down economics in the 80s. Didn't work. The rich really don't like to share. Stop pandering to rich.
Trickle down does not create jobs and boost wages. This is fact. You know it.
Please hold town halls and ask what Ohioans what policies they support.
#TaxReform will help bring back #jobs and boost wages. That's why I'm excited about the opportunity to get this done. 
You #MORON. Middle class is about $50K per family. Shows you don't know, understand or care about the majority of your constituents. #IDIOT
You’re just excite to get SOMETHING done besides travel around Ohio and #####.  Seriously we’re tired of the tweets
Bob the last time they tried this we got 2008 crash
Trickle-down does not work. Repeat after me trickle-down does not work
WE THE FORCE THATS HOLDING THIS PLANET TOGETHER,WHEN YOU CHOOSE TO MISTREAT WHATS CONNECTED TO YOU,THATS WHEN SEPARATION BEGINS
PILERS OF WISDOM PILERS OF KNOWLEDGE,PILERS OF UNDERSTANDING WHERE THE HELL DID IT GET US,DOING THE SAME DAMN THING.
There is no evidence this is true. It’s a gift to wealthy Ohioans.
Do it!! MAGA
WHEN YOU HAVE THAT FEELINGS OF DISCOMFORT,TRYING TO UNDERSTAND BUT BEING FLUSTERED  ITS THIS WORLD IT REALLY HURTS ME TO SEE YOU
Repeating things a lot doesn't make them true
You are anxious to get this done Senator Portman because it will benefit you! While we get screwed, what are your constituents saying?
No evidence shows that businesses turn tax cuts into jobs. Why do you insist on taxing the poor to give money to the wealthy?
Republicans have run the economy for most of the last several decades and what you said has been a lie the whole time.
You’re excited to please your big money donors, NOT help Ohioans or anyone but yourself. This tax plan hurts most helps only the wealthy.
You don't even know what middle-class means. Why should we believe you? $150k income/year? Are you ignorant, delusional or both?
How many companies that turned a profit in recent years shared the good fortune w/ employees? CEO's get huge bonuses but workers get little.
LIER LIER!!!
Every senator should be required to reveal the actual $ impact of any tax measure on their personal income taxes.  President too.
Please stop saying tax reform when you know there's nothing "reform" about it.  It's a tax cut that mostly benefits the wealthy.  Full stop!
Warren Buffet pays a lower tax rate than his secretary because of all of the deductions he gets. (He said so himself). I guess that means...
...the 39% tax rate is a myth. Here's tax reform I can get behind: eliminate all of the write-offs that only benefit million/billionaires.
Lies
Giving tax breaks to #BigPharma so it can make more pushing Opioids & killing Ohioans NO, NO, NO
Of course you're excited. Your rich donors will have more money in their pockets and you hope they'll give it to your campaign.
Do some research. Trump's plan to eliminate the personal and dependent deduction means any family of five or more will pay more taxes.
Get the eld mandate stopped in the tax bill.
I really don’t know how you sleep at night, honestly. #depravity
Here, I'll forward to the @Koch_Industries so you can get paid
No it won't.  That is a lie.  Tax reform is nothing but tax cuts for the rich.  A total scam. You and your rich friends want to screw us,
How much are you getting from the Koch brothers to perpetuate these lies?
That's actually NOT the reason you are excited.  You are excited because you think we are all as gullible as Trump's base.  Wrong--We know$$
Trickle down economics has never worked, and it won't work this time either.
Only talking on Fox means u cannot/will not take any real questioning on this topic. Your job is to stand up for us not re-spread shit
NO! NO! NO! Workers are tired of subsidizing our own jobs with extra tax breaks for Biz & already rich. WE DON'T WANT U TO BACK #TaxReform
Our kids & grandkids will pay for Corp Taxcuts in #GOP #TaxReform They say please no. Families over Corps. No $ for Seniors or Retirees?
What’s Trump hiding in his tax returns? Why can’t we see them before #taxreform?
No it won’t. No one who’s worth less than your millions is falling for this.
It did the opposite in Kansas. Maybe your staff can do some research for you before you embrace a failed tax policy.
That's too much work for Rob.
The only thing you've done is take corporate money in exchange for your vote.  You don't care about real constituents
Don't be too excited Seen Portman, you are one those who stood and voted for Worwide competition in the US market !ld
I will be excited when you talk about anything else. (But not trafficking or opiods.)
Destroying healthcare. Dozens slaughtered in NV. Cabinet sec'ys steal taxpayer $. EPA head takes profit over environment.  You're complicit.
Youll do anything to make your donors happy even if it means hurting Ohioans and refusing to listen to us
No it wont. Giving more money to the wealthy will lead to even greater inequality. Quit lieing
If you're 'so excited about the opportunity" why don't you hold some town halls and see what real #Ohioans think?
The GOP is just a special interest group for Millionaires & Billionaires enabled by a middle class conned by their phony propaganda.
Maybe just quit being a senator and work for Fox News full time. It would be less misleading.
How about holding town hall mtgs so your constituents can hear specifics about jobs coming back and wages getting boosted.
Ur excited to get the chance to give gifts to the wealthy, paid for by the not wealthy.
Just like tax reform crashed the Kansas economy? #NotOnePenny Ten lies from Republicans about tax reform.
Shut UP!!!! No one is buying your crap!
your numbers only work if you, keep two sets of books like you did when you were Bush's budget guy
Hate to make you look foolish but ... you’re lying ! So again why do we need #TaxReform ?
Why didn't wages rise after the last tax cut?  Or the time before that?
The rich have always had tax loops, and will still have them whether this tax bill is passed or not. Why is the est against the people
This tactic has never worked before. Why do you think it will now. Is this what donors want or constituents!
You always know it's a good idea when the Democrats are totally against it
Why do you support throwing hard working Americans off of health insurance?  Shame on you.   43026
Constituent 440474 Where in the tax reform are businesses required to use money from tax breaks to create jobs and increase wages?
I'll bet you are.  Your rich buddies are expecting you to give them big tax breaks
Money in your pocket

Bullshit
STOP TAKING MONEY FROM THE NRA!  Tax "reform" is a diversion.
I'm retired. Unemployment is LOW right now (Thanks Obama).  I care more about the cost of medicare, prescription drugs, and social security.
Between you and Trump the American people will fall further behind in jobs, wages and lack of healthcare.
bull shit
Go ahead and lose your job over this farce. To hell with your constituents and anyone who doesn't contribute big bucks to you, right Rob?
Other than putting more money into the pockets of the Koch family explain how #TaxReform will bring jobs and boost wages because it won't
More cash for corporations does not=more jobs. We've already seen this. It will allow more CEO's and executives to get bonuses. Snake oil.
Why are you cutting Mcaid & Mcare after Trump stopped CSR payments & tanked health care?  Constituents don't want this.
#TrumpTaxScam #TaxReform @nytimes #Kansas tried a #tax plan similar to Trump’s. It failed.
You can smell the payday, can't you? Big Koch bucks for Rob!
https://twitter.com/SLandinSoCal/status/919900483883483138 …
no one believes a word you utter so STFU AND GFY.
Lol ikr
what a load of crap. This bill benefits only the top 1% like yourself, the rest of congress and loser @realDonaldTrump

Brookings Fellow Mark Hall walks through the failed history of Association Health Plans, including in Kentucky https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/states-have-already-tried-trumps-health-care-order-it-went-badly/2017/10/13/7b090d88-af93-11e7-a908-a3470754bbb9_story.html?utm_term=.8cdd98a2a730 …
The Koch’s really want that tax break, don’t they? Want all those rich people to have more money in their pockets?! We see you Portman.
Thread 
Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
1,084.
@GOP complicit treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying #NoConfirmations #nullify2016

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
