Too much uncertainty becuz of repeal. Fix what's broken with Obamacare - don't reinvent the wheel. Work with the Dems. Get drug costs down.
Stubborn pride and vindictiveness is going to hurt us in OH. We want smart, not bullheaded reps in Washington.
Vote NO to the secret senate healthcare bill! Eliminating Medicaid expansion and gutting the program is not the answer to the opioid crisis!
Is that why you came up with a better plan?? Or maybe we will all end up with Medicaid or a National Health Care System??
If I had it to do over, I would vote for sorry-ass Ted Strickland over you.  How about doing what's right for Ohio instead of Trump?
Let's address that! Public hearings! Not secret meetings to plan for OUR health care! AHCA is a terrible solution; we are paying attention!
Might be a good time to fund health care instead of insurance
AND it's your fault for creating uncertainty about Medicaid, causing Anthem to pullout. Good working people are on Medicaid. Save ACA.
Fix it. Don't throw it out. Don't take from the poor to give to the rich.
Anthem wouldn't have pulled out if Trump hadn't threatened to withhold payments. Don't use their pullout as an excuse.
All the more reason to be transparent w/ healthcare bill. Protect your constituents, not big businesses.
they pulled out because uncertainty of what YOUR president is doing and the Healthcare bill THAT HASN'T BEEN RELEASED YET!!!!
Why do they get to cherry pick?  Pass a law...if they want to do business, they do it everywhere!
This is happening under the @GOP administration. I am an OH Republican & can't let you off the hook. Reckless planning!
Donna Fell, it seems you're a dying breed: a Republican with a true sense of right and wrong.
It's almost as if your party was working as hard as possible to destroy healthcare protections in America.
Mr. Portman then penalize the Insurance companies of Ohio for not participating. Don't screw Ohioans   You don't work for Mitch McConnell
Well that's what happens when you intentionally sabotage a system for political leverage.#shameless #COWARD
And uncertainty about GOP 'healthcare' plans don't have anything to do with it, right? You and your party are a big part of the blame.
And you and the GOP did nothing to prevent it 
Vote no on the AHCA 
#listentoyourconstituents
From 45208: NoNoNoNoNo on Trumpcare!
From 45208: NoNoNoNoNo on Trumpcare!
I want you to explain to my 13 & 10 year old sons why their mother doesn't deserve care bc we are self-employed & I had a brain aneurysm.
Thousands will die annually if you repeal ACA & replace it with AHCA which is a tax cut NOT a healthcare plan. Shame on you!
#RepealAndReplace #Obamacare Tell @SenSchumer @SenSherrodBrown @SenatorLeahy Aka Leaky Leahy, the #Republicans didn’t create the problem.
Republicans at fault
Agree this is a problem to fix but leave #medicaid for the #disabled alone. Hearings before vote!
And Senator, you have a chance to work with Democrats  fix system. Whatever Republicans bring to table will be  offshoot of ACA, not repeal
Dear Senator, don't go down the path of partsan politics. You know insurers are pulling out because your govt not saying if subsidy continue
I do not trust any plan worked on by 13 Republicans that will be passes before CBO tells America the truth
Then I suggest you go after the medical insurance companies! Oh wait their lobbyists pay you! 

11 insurers apply in Ohio 6 days ago. I call bullshit
is there anything you'd like to share with your constituents concerning plans for our health care
No sense of bipartisanship to fix the ACA (based on a GOP plan) because GOP can't allow a Democrat win even if good for the American people.
I would argue this is a failure of the insurance business model, not the law to ensure that every person can get treatment when they need it
You are a fraud.
When is your next town hall meeting that's a real town hall meeting? (Request #231)
Fix Obamacare. Work with the democrats! We want to see progress in congress.
U know insurance co's say marketplace mayhem is GOP/DT's fault, right? & majority of ppl like ACA? & vast majority + experts hate AHCA?
Stop the secret, rushed process. Let MoCs, experts & the ppl have a say. You & @SenateGOP are playing w/ ppl's lives & it's infuriating.
I didn't have a say when I was forced into #ACA
I had good insurance that was cheap. 
Now it's crap and pay 1200 a month. 
#
Thanks to the games the GOP have been playing.  We will remember.
AND WE VOTE!!!!!!
Vote, is something nobody here does. When things out of hand, no scarcity for protesters. Elections matter and people should go and vote
#MedicareForAll
This is due to uncertainty caused by Repubs, not due to problems with ACA.  We're not all stupid, @senrobportman, & the smart ones vote, too
You can thank the GOP for this. No commitment to pay cost sharing subsidies causes market uncertainty. This is on you. #Coward
They're pulling out bc Senate and POTUS are creating too much uncertainty. We don't want #Trumpcare, we want you to work w/ Ds to fix ACA
Because of the uncertainty caused by the GOP (Trump and Congress).
Anthem said it left Ohio because of the threat of the AHCA and loss of funding for subsidies. That means Republicans like you are to blame!
As a senior diagnosed with Leukemia, I have Medicare and Medigold...thank God! The answer is simple: single payer Medicare for ALL!
Trump and GOP orchestrated this crisis. We know you don't care. This is about donors. Screw Ohioans and Americans. Get all you can!
Because the Republicans won't guarantee the subsidies
Does Anthem have any other businesses in Ohio?
Sanction ANTHEM. 
Take away their insurance LICENSE TO DO BUSINESS IN OHIO FOR 5 YRS!
Politics as usual. Sen. Portman an obstructionist on ACA during Pres. Obama admin.
Anthem's pullout of OH HC b|c Pres & Reps play political games repealing the ACA.B/C of this 70,000 OH lose their HC.That's unacceptable.

Then why aren't you working to IMPROVE our current healthcare plan on behalf of Ohioans? Trumpcare will kill 23 million!
You are bad for Ohio, Senator.
Thanks Trump and Portman for destroying Obamcare and healthcare in America!  Are we great yet?
Republicans have really made a horrible mess of this. Just do your job, fix the small things in ACA, & try to stop making excuses
so please push for stability in the marketplace, so our families can access quality plans in the individual markets.
Name the total populations of these counties!
Repeal now due to tremendous damage OCare is doing to real people. Do so on public promise  Pres & Congress will produce a replacement soon
Ohioans are #woke. And you're in trouble.
They left b/c of uncertainty about how #AHCA will change the market. Do the right thing & #ProtectOurCare .@senrobportman
ONCE MORE: Can you tell us how #AHCA addresses this?

Or are you admitting you don't know?
Do NOT repeal ACA... improve it (AHCA is NOT an improvement)
Well done. You brought this about with uncertainty around subsidy payments. And now you want to blame someone else.
Better get to work stabilizing the marketplace then! Fix ACA! No repeal! You're creating uncertainty for them! 
When Senate GOP going to provide glimpse into what kind of healthcare reform it's working on? Or just planning to cram it thru sans debate?
Please penalize insurance companies and strengthen the #ACA to prevent insurance companies from bailing on the American people. Reject #AHCA
Because your party is trying to sabotage the ACA.  You are intentionally harming Ohioans.
Because your homie in the White House is intentionally destabilizing the insurance markets. Stop playing politics with our lives.
Your constituents are speaking here - are you listening or will you put Party above the People AGAIN??
You had 7 yrs to come up with a plan. Now this because of uncertainty. UGH we expect better and will remember
Obamacare is failing because of Trump and Ryan. Anthem said so. You better believe Ohioans are going to learn  GOP are lying.
That's YOUR fault! Anthem is leaving because they are scared of Trump's tax cuts and doing away with the Federal cost sharing. You did it!
you republicans have stopped annual  payments what did you think would happen.  Month to month, not cost effective your fault
Stop playing in the dark
Then call shearing , subpoena Anthem ask ask why? Then fix it
You have no shame as you know Republicons have been sabotaging the ACA. 

If you are a Christian, you make the baby Jesus cry.
We are on to the @GOP, you are letting ACA fail for your own partisan reasons, you can't fool all of us #2018
You shouldn't be secretly meeting to try to rush thru Trump Care. Listen to your constituents. You work for us. We vote. No @GOP Trumpcare
Shame on the Republican Party.
hold hearings!!!
why are you sabotaging Obamacare? All yr wrk on addiction is useless if you don't provide protection and services
Anthem pulled out because of the way your party's governing.  You should have fixed Obamacare instead of destroying it.
Thx to the Republicans & the current president. #SaveTheACA
The reason was the current admin/senate uncertainty for health care.  GOP  could have improved health care and instead they destroyed it.
Senator do you plan to support TrumpDON'Tcare in the Senate. I know you're trying to keep it quiet but what I'm hearing sounds BAD
So what's your solution then? Repeating a headline is not the answer.
We know. We need you to stabilize the ACA, not make things worse with a rushed, sneaky repeal-and-replace AHCA.
Really? How about supporting @potus. Get AHCA passed! @foxnews @dailycaller #maga #deplorables @redstate @crtv @circa @drudgev@loudobbs
Quit playing games with OHIO and find Obamacare
Women should decide what healthcare they need instead of GOP worrying about how much money they can slash from HCare for wealthy tax cuts
You and the GOP are sabotaging ACA.  We aren't stupid & you know it.  That's why you're hiding.
@senrobportman, you could strengthen #Obamacare, but GOP party politics makes it near impossible. Too bad. I'm watching your actions here.
Why not work to improve Obama Care instead of your deathcare
Anthems departure is due to uncertainty from Republicans. You have the chance to be heroes. Work with Dems. Fix what's broken. Represent us.
You and your GOP colleagues are responsible by creating uncertainty in market and sabotaging the ACA. Real leaders own their mistakes!
Bypass the middle man. Medicare for all and get rid of private insurers
And they pulled out because the GOP will not pay.
Your Fault @senrobportman You are worried about #heroin law breakers while true help for law abiding citizens #Vote you out! @WCPO @700wlw
So... are you planning to keep exchanges in your bill? Would be great to see what it is you are proposing.
They pulled out due to uncertainty in receiving low income reimbursements being held up by GOP interference. 

Have some dignity.
I hope you're paying attention to your replies. Your constituents know this is the GOP's fault & don't want the ACA repealed.
How much did Anthem give you?
So do something about it.  Stop throwing people to the curb.
It saddens me that this was a concerted effort by the GOP to undermine the ACA. Insurers are aware and sounding the alarm.
Time to support 100% POTUS Trump He is working seriously to solve U S difficulties many Rep R siding with D obstructing his plan 2 MAGA.
Thank you GOP for undermining ACA.
#Anthem left because of uncertainty caused by @realDonaldTrump and #AHCA don't blame this on the #ACA. #improve not repeal @indivisibledyt
It's so great how you are sabotaging Americans #showusthebill
Blame Anthem, not the AHCA. #Trumpdoesn'tcare won't be better.
Great, so stop dicking around and protect Obamacare so insurance companies can plan!
The ACA was meant to be a start in the right direction, and it was an excellent start. But what have u done to improve in 6 years? Shame!!
You do realize this is because of you, right?
I think you suck
you got a job to do Rob ........ #getitdone
And even though some insurers have 'compare' costs websites the average consumer can't get access to this info .
You and your @GOP cohorts' fault for letting this happen.
Please don't vote for a plan that affects 1/5 of USA economy without hearings and robust debate!
Fix it don't repeal!  Don't remove ACA patient protections!  We don't need more bankruptcies and uninsured in Ohio!
As part of Team Trump your #SABOTAGE of the ACA will be shouted from the rooftops next election.  Your moderate tone is fake. #radicalgop
Thanks GOP for creating such an unstable marketplace! Friend of the forgotten man indeed! How does destroying thousands of lives benefit you
I'm so tired of listen to this GOP propaganda garbage!  It wasn't Obamacare that chased Anthem away.  They said so themselves!
This is on YOU and your cohorts! You purposely did not fund the exchanges so this would happen. It is unconscionable. Fix ACA!
LIES! That is because @HouseGOP @SenateGOP have STARVED the exchanges and have refused fed Medicaid $$.Threats to not pay Medicaid also hurt
it's a manipulation by the elites to make it fail
Maybe stop fucking with the ACA then? It's your fault they pulled out. No trust.
Robbery
They pulled out because of the HHS secretary you confirmed
Because *POTUS keeps threatening to take away payments, and Repubs keep backing him up instead of working for the people
It was a scam to begin with. It's cost not coverage, learn this or it collapses the economy. On your watch.
YOU engineered the pull out! You are playing with people's lives! I refuse to die so wealthy can have tax cuts!
Please work with the carriers to get those counties covered and don't defund the #ACA until you, @GOP and @OHDems have a true solution
Anthem blamed #GOP. You are the biggest saboteur of affordable healthcare for Americans. #VotePortmanOut
Just like you and your party planned & wanted.  @GOP  been working on it's destruction from day one.  Now you can give ur donors tax breaks.
Mr. Portman, your party's actions to undercut the ACA are repulsive.
#TheResistance
#Indivisible
@IndivisibleTeam
@OH04Indivisible
@ATNEOhio
Single payer, Rob, start the drumbeat
Thats because your gang of liars made the market unstable... All for your greedy donors #GOPlies for #CorporateGreed
Release your healthcare plan for public review. Ramming bad policy through is bad for all of us.
They need stability.  Not uncertainty
Does your behind closed doors partisan approach involve medicaid cuts? Higher cost for women & pre-existing conditions? Not ok with us!
And that's on YOU for the GOP sabotage of the exchanges, causing instability in the market. Sabotaging health insurance a new low for you.
Did you consider negotiating with Anthem? Ensuring subsidies will be given for market? Fixing issues with the ACA as 55% want you to?
Is Anthem failing? Maybe if private health insurance can't handle the service they need to provide we go single payer.
Then FIX IT. Don't replace it with something worse! Vote NO on AHCA!!
Your solution is to repeal a flawed system w/ an even more flawed system? Trumpcare will kill people, but you don't care about them, do you?
So will you write a letter to the President asking him to assure Anthem that subsidues will continue? 'Cause thats why they left
Bcuz Marco Rubio eliminating risk corridors. Rob, Republicans can't claim ObamaCare failed when they intentionally sabotaged it! Not cool.
we need answers thecthe Why of the secrecy?
You have to have town halls! Please in Cincinnati! And everywhere!
Again did you Senator lift a finger to stop them from pulling out?
Do you not see ALL COMMENTS are asking you to vote no.  Every single one.
This is all due to GOP/Trump stupidity. Stand up for your fellow Ohioans and don't back the new & disastrous healthcare plans.
Your party has control of house, senate and presidency. Do something about it.
Bc the current admin refused to commit to contractual payments. Making it financially impossible for anthem to stay. Fix it!
So, Senator, when will GOP stop sabotaging the people you work for? How much did big pharma purchase you for? 
Does the GOP think we're that stupid? We know what caused this. Because the CEO of Anthem told us!!!
You've had six years to offer a solution, and have failed to do so, so what do you expecr?
And you and your cronies are at fault. Even Anthem said so.
Thanks to our illustrious leader and the GOP!!!! It's your fault
So why would you support a bill that will kick 23 mil people off. Fix what is wrong. Don't make it worse. The people of OH are watching you.
Because the Republicans have scared insurance companies with the prospect of Trumpcare and all your fighting.
Please. You created instability in the market and sabotaged the plan to encourage their exit. Everyone sees what you're doing.
If the GOP would support the ACA this wouldn't have happened. Uncertainty =withdrawal
So make ACA better by working across the isle and provider, not removing solutions for all. Plus some insurance for many is better then none
What specifically are you doing to help people in those counties before repeal/replace of ACA can take effect? They need relief NOW!
they said it's because of uncertainty caused by the Trump administration and Republican Congress
Should have compromised Rob. I heard you guys have frozen exchange funding and insurers are pissed. Go figure. This is no longer about the
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT and your hate for President Obama. It's all on @GOP. You're playing Russian roulette with the lives of MILLIONS
of Americans all because @SenateMajLdr has had a wild hair up his ass for for 8+ years. He leaves his white sheets in KY. How about you?
The DEMOCRATS don't care if we have Healthcare.
If we had a single payer system this wouldn't be such a problem for Ohioans or any American citizen.
They pulled out it because of the uncertainty. Obama isn't in office anymore. This one is on you!
Why arent the exhchanges properly funded?@GOP @senrobportman, it's because you'd rather cut your #taxes then support the poor & #middleclass
This is happening on your watch. Do you really think you and the Repubs. have no responsibility in this healthcare crisis?
So maybe the @GOP could stop sabotaging the ACA? Just a thought.
Yes and this occurred because Republicans weakened Obamacare. You are to blame sir.
Anthem is pulling out of Ohio due to fear of what is coming. We are counting on you to make change for the better.
Thanks to the heartless Trump Admin who will not stand behind the agreements made under the ACA. It's not obamacare that failed us, it's you
I voted for you and I regret it. You have done nothing to protect our healthcare. To busy backing down to Mitch McConnell.
So where's the government pressure or deals with these insurers to stay in? They are running the show.
Why is that Senator? Perhaps you could explain it to us someplace? Let's meet for coffee or something maybe at a local #townhall
