REPLACE And REPEAL OBAMACARE!!!
Please vote no on Trumpcare. How many lies does Trump need to tell before the GOP realizes he's insane. His policies are hurting us
What about the clear message ALL of Ohio is screaming???

VOTE NO ON THE "HEALTHCARE" BILL.

#DontRobOurCare
#NoCutsNoCaps
#FixTheACA
He's got 2 choices. Either puts the need of Ohioans 1st or trumps ego. What's it gonna be Senator? Country over Party?
BCRA will greatly exacerbate the opioid epidemic in Ohio. Please oppose
And what will also help? #PortmanVoteNo to the repeal of #ACA
This is meaningless if you allow the Senate healthcare bill to pass.People will lose healthcare, treatment will unavailable & more will die.
.@senrobportman please hold the line against AHCA. Patients will die desperate deaths and you hold their lives in your hand.@physicianwomen
How would you know, rob?I'm looking at this pic and your ass is no where to be seen!  Entitled are you?MEET WITH OHIOANS to face the music!!
Yes! Let's stop this opioid epidemic! Put your money where your mouth is and vote NO on the AHCA!! #peopleoverprofit #wealthcare #NoAHCA
Seriously?  I think we all want decent health care during recovery and afterwards.  #SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid #NoTrumpcare
is corrupt and beholden to Trump. No backbone. He's bought and paid for by #drugdealers #recall
Your office needs to help, YOU need to help - do not vote for Trumpcare! Keep your promise or I keep mine!!
You've been promising since your campaign that you would protect Medicaid Expansion. DO NOT VOTE FOR TRUMPCARE!
Please vote NO on Trumpcare/taxcredit!

Retweet to any Republican Senator who might vote no. Follow Mike at @wholeexpanse.
@SenatorCollins @SenCapito @lisamurkowski @senrobportman 
.@senrobportman Please vote NO on Senate healthcare bill. It doesn't provide healthcare... It takes it away.
REPLACE And REPEAL OBAMACARE!!
what about your constituents begging you to do the right thing & protect their insurance coverage? Been calling for weeks. Pick up the phone
Healthcare coverage continuing would help. Stop with causing more anxiety,and vote NO. Give back your HC insurance bribes and do right.
He won't vote no on healthcare. He helped draft the damn thing and screw millions

Because the @GOP believes sick children have been "personally irresponsible" & should be punished with painful death by treatable illness? 
They will need 10 times that much of the AHCA passes — because overdose deaths will skyrocket.
They also want to keep their healthcare and Medicaid.  Don't cave.

It's #sad that the only thing keeping tens of thousands of Americans alive is that the GOP can't agree on the best way to kill them all! ACA

Retweet to any Republican Senator who might vote no. Follow Mike at @wholeexpanse.
@SenatorCollins @SenCapito @lisamurkowski @senrobportman 
Is your office telling you what people are saying about the #AHCA? You should listen.
Hey Rob - in case you didn't know , Ohio is known nation wide for opiate crisis . I pray you don't support new care act . If you vote for
It's shows you don't care about Ohioans . And are a coward to stand up for us and all the people dying from this crisis .
This bill only will hurt people and only people will help is the rich with tax cuts . You'll be a sellout for greed and will kill people by
Taking away health care N  ability to afford  Voting 4 this bill you directly will hurt people , including disabled children. Think on that
For crying out loud!!! Your office lies to us everyday covering your shady dealings with #AHCA. Help my eye! VOTE NO!!! @CbusIndivisible
Vote no on senate healthcare bill for the thousands of Oh elderly, children, families, opioid victims.Otherwise their death is on your hands
So many people need your help -- by voting NO on this atrocious health care bill. Please, sir, do the right thing! PLEASE!
Fight by voting  NO on ACHA. Do not trade tax cuts for the wealthy for no healthcare for the poor & elderly. Stand strong be a leader for OH
How dare you secretly meet to make sure the rich get more and your constituents who are in need of ins. as a  safety net get crumbs/notta!
As registered Reps. ourselves, we kindly ask that you vote NO on the GOP AHCA. You don't want this albatross hung around your career.
You'll only harm the good in #cara unless you #VoteNoAHCA
Vote NO on the #DeathCareBill. Do U need 2 b reminded u rep the needs of the people of Ohio?  We will remember ur vote reelection time.
Page 133 of the Senate version of the healthcare bill only commits to combating the opioid crisis for 1 year. The House bill committed to 10
Best way to help: vote against Trumpcare
@senrobportman Ohio is counting on you to vote no on the proposed health care bill.  Be a leader not a follower.  Vote no! #nototrumpcare
Shameful bill. Higher costs, less coverage, unaffordable with pre-existing conditions, the poor and elderly tossed- awesome if you are rich!
Trading health care for one time money to fight opiate epidemic is a trick all Ohioans will see through - we are smart
Stand with the american people amd healthcare
If the senate kills medicaid expansion - the fight against the drug epidemic will take 1,000 steps backward...
If you care about opioid addiction in Ohio you will oppose healthcare bill. Please vote no.
Here is another CLEAR message. VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE! It is bad for Ohioans. Please protect those who are already born.
We all want help;medical insurance  &medical care for everyone.We don't need a heartless evil plan whose purpose is to make the rich richer
Helping how? By voting to cut taxes for for the rich and cut people off Medicaid? #ohio #wakeupsenrobportman!
Please listen to Ohioans who are begging you to vote NO on the #HealthcareBill #peopleoverparty #livesoverprofit
The tax cuts posing as a health care bill will exacerbate the opioid crisis. People will die. Please vote no.
Then vote no on new heath care plan proposed!!
the #HealthcareBill will hurt the fight against the drug epidemic. Vote no! Rand will!
Severe cut to opioid programs, how about the projected job loss in the medical sector if #wealthcare passes? Good for Ohio?
YOUR Party's tax cut for the rich (AKA "healthcare" bill) guts the largest single source of funds for that effort by $800 Billion!
Your voicemail is full & your phone was busy all day! Vote NO on this shameful bill!  Don't worry the insurance lobbyists will still donate!
Please vote NO to protect 539,700 Ohioans who will be *unable to afford healthcare* under this bill. No one should live w/o healthcare
Face it Rob - The ideology of you and your party are bad for health care and the health of Ohioans.  Your bill doesn't represent Ohio
It is cowardice beyond measure to pass a bill you KNOW will gravely harm poor people in your state because you are afraid to lose a primary
You are not helping if you vote for the Senate TrumpCare bill.
Vote NO against this atrocious health care bill...people deserve better
How many Ohioans will lose insurance coverage if you vote to cut medicaid and CHIP?
Voting NO to the healthcare bill will go far in helping with this opioid epidemic!! Take care of your constituents & all Americans!
Senator Portman, please follow Ann Coulter.  Thank you.
And cutting Medicaid to give the rich a tax cut will help? The fact that you aren't voicing opposition is shameful
The message is clear from your office - you hope we all die and then will sell our corpses to line your pockets. #genocide #healthcarebill
Please help us all  and vote "no" on the lack of health care bill.
You are done when re-election comes along. #NoAHCA
Are they though? You are one of the 13 to come up this:
Then message should also be loud and clear cuts to Medicaid will hurt Ohioans battling addiction @senrobportman #HealthcareMatters
Message was clear in Cleveland too. They want you to vote NO on this horrible health care bill.

Exactly.  Vote no on the proposed health plan.
I applaud your efforts enacting #CARA. But you know #Portsmouth will be up shit creek without a paddle if Medicaid expansion is rolled back.
He does. Not. Care.
You can help a lot more by voting no on trumpcare
Fantastic! Now make sure you protect their health insurance by voting "no" on the Senate health care bill. #BCRA
Giving CARA funds with one hand and taking away funds for substance abuse treatment with the other hand. Does that make things = to you??
I'll bet their message included a more broad appeal for health care. Now, if you had the guts to stand up to the horrible Senate bill...
Don't overwork yourself on those district meetings sir. You might Heat something contradictory
You can really help them by making sure Medicaid funds are available to help addicts get off drugs.
what about your constituents begging you to do the right thing & protect their insurance coverage? Been calling for weeks. Pick up the phone
Thanks for nothing Portman - you tweet about #CARA like it is up for a vote soon. Turns out, Obama signed it into law last year. Explain??
The message is clear from EVERY state in the union, the GOP healthcare bill is NOT wanted!  Vote no. Vote for Ohioans, not party.
But, when you vote in favor of Senate's #WealthCare bill, your office will then be obstructing the fight. What are you really committed to?
His donors' wishes.
Evidently they pay better than we (the taxpayers) do.  He got almost $400k from insurance and pharmaceutical companies last year.

Standing with incredible families and advocates at @NYCHealthSystem to say this bill isn't just "mean," like @POTUS said, it's "meaner"! 

It's the opposite of what Republicans promised. Lot of that happening lately. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/senate-obamacare-repeal-bill-higher-deductibles_us_594c1f52e4b05c37bb753c04?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
This is hypocrisy. You can't help the drug epidemic while also supporting a garbage bill that takes away support to said epidemic.
How can any of this work if they cut funding for mental health and substance abuse, along with Medicaid.  You're foolish, posting nonsense.
Do the people of Portsmouth realize that without Medicaid available to subsidize hospitals, they will have to travel to Columbus or further
Did you discuss with Portsmith how #CARA will be pointless if the #HealthcareBill passes?
That's great, but do the people of Portsmouth realize how badly they will be hit by #AHCA? They need Medicaid to subsidize premiums
Sure, I bet that couple of grand they'll get will help amazingly! By your own words each state gets max $150k.  Peanuts.
Enough about CARA. Tell us that you'll vote NO on the senate HC bill.
Message was clear from Ohioans: #NoOnAHCA
Also, please tell us how many committee hearings CARA had? Why can't the healthcare bill have those hearings and scrutiny?
How about Medicaid funds?  Those work too!
by cutting Medicaid!
Ohioans' message is about CARA and not the healthcare bill? Please limit your tweets to the bill that is up for a vote first between the two
What impact will #HeathcareBill Medicaid cuts have in #Portsmouth?
I'm sorry 8?
Will those funds be there if horrible health bill passes? Vote NO that bill is bad for Ohio!
from the 7 people there?
Don't forget healthcare!! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
