People are rightly frustrated on both sides of the aisle. We must come together as an institution & do better for Ohioans—and all Americans
You say this now, but gladly sat behind closed doors refusing to work with dems #trumpspuppet #hack
we won't forget your vote; i promise you that. Obamacare can only fail if the GOP forces it to. Cut the bullshit for once & be a man.
yet all the leading economists have flatly stated what I just stated. let me guess: they are fake experts, right? whatever, window-licker.
It won't "leave people without insurance"
- it would FREE people from the nightmare of being FORCED into it
Obviously you cannot read. & a nightmare being forced 2 buy it? REALLY? Dramatic much? I don't want to pay taxes 4 defense contractors.
life's a bitch. and with resentful, hateful republicans, life is apparently a bitch & moan palooza. #UnfoundedVictimMentality
It's a burden. Not all ppl can adjust their budgets to accommodate premium pmts higher than their mortgages, esp when deductibles=robbery
i'm in no way suggesting that the aca doesn't need major adjustments, as obama tried to get. i don't want you or anyone else burdened.
That's right! Work together to make the ACA better so the country can move together and we can set an example
No worries rob we know u will have insurance

You were willing to kick millions of Americans off of insurance the other night with your yes vote for skinny repeal. I'm confused.
Then strengthen Obamacare. The alternative is taking health care away from thousands of Ohioans. We can't go back to pre-ACA days.
Shame on you for voting yes on the worst Health bill ever. Go after big pharma work with the Dems and give us a great plan
@senrobportman @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain have let the whole country down burdened forever in ACA Obamacare taxes & loss of liberty land
Wow. I would never want that guy as my doctor. #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
No one has the "right" to anyone else's service. That is slavery. Individuals must choose & pay by their priority & value system. #Adulhood
Where does this goofy comment come from?I see people randomly say this-of course people who actually do the work should be paid & paid wel
Yes but what you were doing would leave millions stranded w/o health insurance & the poor specifically w/ higher costs
How about YOU throw in the towel. ?
Even Ohio's Repub Gov is against the debacle  of Repub gutting of healthcare .
REPEAL MANDATES, penalties, fines, punishments, IRS involvement if NOTHING ELSE.
everyone paying into insurance is what lowers premiums affordable for all..
When EVERYONE pays the SAME PRICE.... and I MEAN EVERYONE... and receives identical coverage, I'll consider it.
So single payer.
I want full repeal.If not full repeal, then REPEAL the mandates, penalties, punishments, & IRS involvement. Senate voted NO to singlepayer.
Which would mean at least 20 million people losing the ability to afford health insurance. All of it except the ACA. And the mandates-
No.  Those FORCED to provide for others have to choose between their own premiums and their mortgages forced to opt out and pay penalty.
No one FORCED anyone to have a family. And that's all anyone is responsible for. By the way, before the ACA, we were spending $14 billion-
But what you tried to do yesterday would have kicked 16 million off insurance. Simple math begs the question of your competence here Rob.
Please.  After your performance yesterday, no one in Ohio believes you have our best interest at heart. You lied to us the entire time.
The man has been hiding from constituents for months.
Like you care. You 'say' you care about the people of Ohio but you ALWAYS vote to sell us out to corporate interests.
You are responsible for throwing in the towel. It was forced on us with no rep support or input. Do what you promised.
Doing nothing is a million times better than anything the @GOP has proposed. You should throw in the towel on trickle down and start over.
Do your !^%#>^*<*|%|!! Job ... How about giving that a try  #spinlesssenatorportman
well start with telling this administration not to withhold subsidy funding.
Work with Democrats to fix the ACA! Don't throw the baby out with the bath water!
#PORTMAN IS A REAL PIECE OF WORK THINKS HE'S THE MAN TIME FOR PPL OF OHIO  TO SHOW HIM HE'S SERVING AT THIER PLEASURE
In spite of Rob Portman declaring ACA dead.
Some good news for Obamacare in Ohio: insurers will fill 19 of the state’s empty 20 counties. 

http://www.insurance.ohio.gov/Newsroom/Pages/07312017ExchangeCounties.aspx …
You have the nerve to say that after voting against repealing.  Your campaigned on repeal. This lying will be rewarded on Election Day
You worry NOW??   Where was this worry when a plan should have been formed? #trumpspuppet #hack
Work across the isle for the people not for the insurance lobby!
How about this, draft a health care bill that GOP congressmen like, then test in on you and your families for 8 years.
Oh hell YES!'n
@SenRobPortman would've voted no if another 4 or 5 GOP Senators held his hand and they all voted no first
How about fixing the parts that need fixed, and saving the good parts? How does this solution escape legislators?!
then work to fix the flaws listen to ideas.
You're right. Why not stop with force and return to #bipartisanship ? Fix te #ACA #fixitdontnixit
Then why haven't the GOP Senate who have run on repealing & replacing the ACA for SEVEN years done their jobs?
If the House & Senate doesn't get it in gear 2018 will produce SPEAKER PELOSI! In the name of all that is holy do you guys really want that?
Why yes I do--thanks for asking 
Throw in the Towel?  Is that a joke, you voted against repealing Obamacare. That says it all. Another lying politician. Goodbye Eric Kantor.
So FIX the ACA!!! WORK with your colleagues to find a bipartisan solution. IGNORE threats from the toddler on Pennsylvania Ave #SAVEtheACA
Bad legislation is also a poor choice
Republicans had 8 years-EIGHT YEARS!!-to get this crap figured out.  I'll NEVER vote for you again.
Agreed. You should start with a strong statement urging the WH not to end subsidy payments while you reach across the aisle.
Your vote puts you amongst the ethically vacant and morally vacuous willing to condem >20M to losing their insurance. What's your insurance?
What your party want to pass wouldve done far worse you know it. Your Staff said you want bipartisanship it's past time do it right not fast
Bipartisan reform of the ACA! Bipartisan reform of the ACA! Bipartisan reform of the ACA! Bipartisan reform of the ACA!
(Or single payer...)
How about some spine! How about showing respect for Senate rules and Regular Order? How about not caving in to political bigots...
...who do not deserve your support or encouragement. How about working with Dems to fix the Healthcare system? Be the Senator we all deserve
Just fix what we have. If your car has a flat do you junk the whole car?   Explain exactly how this bill would lower costs?  You can't.
Your actions show that you really don't care if Ohians are stranded or not.
No one studied hard in school and took risks in business to provide healthcare to ppl on drugs or ppl who chose to be homosexuals.
UR Toast!
People wouldn't have it because they would choose not to.Nothing else.We voted for repeal.REPEAL IT.Only thindg different is the president.
Here's a novel idea...#MedicareForAll. Hmmm...now where have I heard that before? Oh yeah. In my tweets to you.
What are your costs for health insurance? I want the SAME insurance that you have. Now there's a plan!!
Maybe you should have thought of that months ago. Drop party agendas and work for the people!
Hey "Dispicible P" what you voted yes for would have taken health insurance away from more Ohioans. The statement above is hypocritical spin
If I were @POTUS, I'd just move on & let ocare die & tell Congress I will veto any "fixes!"  It's repeal & free market fixes or nothing!!!
Why did you get it done with the same bill you voted yes 2 YRS ago ?!?
By the way, even employer based and private insurance has risen and covered less.  Very big insurance problem in this country for all!
First of all disappointed you didn't stand up and vote no. Time now to work with Dems to repair ACA. Keep good and fix flaws. Can  be done!
Let's see your move to work across aisle and present a unified healthcare bill, then I will believe your comment.
Thrilled that the misguided atttempt to repeal the AHCA failed. Time to reach across the aisle and improve what we already have.
You were willing to vote for even more people to be stranded without health insurance, so what do you mean?
I guess we'll just wait for Nancy and chuck to tell you what to do because you republicans have no plan. I sorry I wasted my vote on you
Best thing to do is nothing. Because it's obvious to us voters that the Republican Party is not doing what we elected them to do.
Your a little late to the party Rob.Try not listening to our petty governor and do what is best for the country
Couldn't agree more, Senator. Time to start working with your Democratic colleagues to get things accomplished for the American people.
Then stop trying to completely replace and work to fix what's broken! Party First Portman.
Nixon Care. Universal Healthcare.
DT has threatened to let the ACA implode. We in OH have called you, we have followed process, time for GOP to follow too. Work together!
Now is the time for YOU to lead a #bipartisan address to improving ACA insurance exhcanges and opioid crisis.  Leave #Medicaid alone.
Work w @SenSherrodBrown for incremental improvements in ACA, starting w stabilizing the markets
Better then what u n yr party had planned u follow the rest n then cry wolf. Now do the right thing and work with dems
The only person suggesting throwing in the towel is @realDonaldTrump. Everyone else wants you to work in a bipartisan way to fix the system
YOU participated in the secretive process.
Please give incentives for insurers to expand options available in Exchanges - constant threats to remove the ACA only drives away insurers!
If bill had passed MORE would be be left w/out care. I hear the House has a bipartisan group working to improve ACA. How about the Senate?
Then work with Democrats to fix the ACA.
Wasn't the vote on Thursday a throw in the towel vote? Didn't you vote yes on said throw in the towel vote? You're not good for Ohio!
Why not just let insurance companies sell the policy I want.  They can compete and I will by the least expensive.  
#Nobrainer
WE SHOULD CHOOSE MEDICARE FOR ALL!
i have been calling asking you to work bipartisan. now that u failed to take away health care, i am not sure u can be trusted
So you when you have a flat tire, you're first thought is to throw the car away
Just stop. We have no faith in you. You showed all of Ohio you're more interested in sucking up to trump and party than truly helping us.
So you came to work together when? When you met behind closed doors to craft that monstrosity you called legislation? Ohio before party!
Walk across the aisle and improve the ACA. This country does not want to go backwards.
Why not?  GOP voted in 2015 to repeal Obamacare, when it didn't matter.  When it does, you & others balked.  Now you'll sing Chucky's tune.
Stop the clown show and #RepealACA
Step 0: Single payer.
Step 3: raise subsidies.
Step 2: restore the public option.
Step 1: Force payment of subsidies.
Maybe u should of voted the way u said u would
Please work with Senator Brown to fix the parts of ACA that need to be fixed and keep what's working! Common sense, not political games!
Oh shut up Rob. Any changes your fellow Rs make will only F*** over poor people. Grow a pair.
John McCain showed courage & integrity. I wish you had done the same.
Limit the use of Ohio Medicaid to Ohio providers.
Guarantee coverage for preventative care for heart desease & cancer, and no caps on lifetime coverage.
Guarantee coverage for pre-existing conditions, mental health, sex education & birth control.
Make Medicaid an option for all Ohioans using a sliding fee scale with an affordable co-pay.
What exactly are tens of thousands and why don't they have insurance?  Speaking in generalities like this doesn't help the situation.
My Republican party tried to do something but you Wenger 35 million to vote yes. Stick you wishes up your back side. Time to let it go.
Actually you should throw in the towel. This WH is imploding.
Senator, were you lying in 2015 or last night?
Why don't you eliminate the roadblocks the GOP put up that has crippled the ACA causing the higher costs?  Let the ACA work as designed
Huh what Mr. Portman?  Contact your local CBO
Yes FIX WHAT EXISTS. Work w Dems/Ind 2 create a HC program that everyone wants 2 participate in~including u & ur fam. Rep/Rep is ego driven
And gutting ACA does what? Make it better, work with Dems, listen to others.
Then why did you vote for that awful bill this morning? When it counts, we can count on you to vote the party line Ohioans be damned.
But we are burdened by being forced to buy insurance that we cannot afford and no choices, high deductibles. Vote on OUR behalf, not YOURS.
Partisan, Spineless Hypocrite!!!
No one wants you to do nothing. Now start working with Democrats to make the Affordable Care Act truly affordable and workable.
Rob, when will you start listening?
Then do it.  You are the only body of government that has to pass it and get rid of Obamacare. Save medicare and SS. Obama raped pillaged it
It's ironic your yes vote on the bill was weak, without vision and a http://fraud.You  threw in the towel long ago. No solution
Pastor Dickson I would appreciate if you could contact me at chris48@frontiernet.net re: Airmont Lutheran Cemetery. I left vmm at the church
you had seven years now you expect us to buy the line of bulls hit again ? once bitten twice shy ,we will not forget
Hypocritical coward.  Vote Portman out.
There is this great plan that is really popular with the people right now, it is called #SinglePayer, you should really look into it.
you should have pushed for bipartisan action from the beginning. Dems willing to #fixACA but @SenateGOP wanted all the glory
Hey, can we have your insurance?
Again, why did you vote yes yesterday?
Move on to tax reform!
You lost your ears, backbone in attempt to pass skinny in dark -goals are lower cost>access &quality, protect vulnerable
do you not see how it was your party's actions that led to these issues?
Curious: Do you even listen to yourself or is this a blatant attempt to rewrite your recent bad decisions?
You voted to throw 20 million off healthcare plus those losing Medicaid help
Join us in Dayton tomorrow.  Courthouse Sq 11 am and hear the truth about health care from Drs, small business owners, patients, pastor...
Repeal is not the answer-- too many people need this insurance. there has been NO good faith effort to FIX the problems. Be a leader!
If Rs could stop sabotaging ACAs effectiveness that'd be cool!!
Work with Dems. They have fixed and solutions. They govern. They know how to pass legislation
Improve ACA, not end it by sabotage. Take credit for making it better, cheaper for all. Then, constituents will respect&Thank you. Not now.
That is right. Work it out like adult Americans that were elected to represent us the people.
Then work together with other side and actually help people instead of screwing them over partisan politics. You failed country w vote.
Don't let yourself off the hook with the "both sides" nonsense. Own your role and your votes. You put party over constituents. Good day!
You voted for a bill that would strip ~20 million people's insurance away from them.
Then you SHOULDN'T HAVE CAMPAIGNED AGAINST IT!

Take what you earned.
You broke it by lying about it. 
Now it's yours to die by.
You hypocrite. We will remember your vote to deprive millions of health coversge and raise premiums for everyone else.
Easy to say this after you "threw in the towel" with voting no for #RepealObamacare You hurt working Americans paying huge premiums!
You're full of it, and your votes this week show that the interests of the people don't even make you blink. Time to lose your seat.
Work with the Dems and members of the Disabilities community to make aca an even better #bfd
Confidence is waning!  See nothing from Dems but obstruction.  What can we do besides take to the streets to get our voices heard?
You should hide your head under a towel. Learn courage from Murkowski, Collins and McCain!!!
How many years has the GOP has to come up with a better plan?  Your leader wants the AHCA to implode. Are you ok with that?
How about working with @SenSherrodBrown and other dems to take care Ohioans?  How about closing ranks in Ohio with our Gov too?
I promise to tweet u every single day until 2022,  to remind u that u voted against a bill that would have lost 23M Americans HI next year
FIX THE ACA. That's not doing nothing. #RepealAndReplaceRob
We won't throw in the towel on America and Making it great Again but we are throwing in the towel on some Republican resistors
Work to stabilize our Ohio market! And enforce the mandate. How is health ins diff than car ins? Risk has to be mitigated!
Work w Dems to fix the few challenges with Obamacare
We will remember!
You voted for "do nothing"
Your words paint a false picture; they bypass YOUR responsibility to fix healthcare for ALL.  Fix the ACA! And support #healthcareforall
Now you care?!
Correct! But look at what is working - what isn't and make changes as needes
Then work to support the subsidies for ACA, not for something worse.  Then work for #singlepayer and #MedicareForAll.
I BEG you to FIX WHAT EXISTS! Work with Dems/Ind to create a HC program everyone would want 2 participate in~even you and yours
Psst- single payer universal healthcare is the answer, Mr Senator
You god damn COWARD!
Please work with Dems and work on ACA.
How about this? Work with democrats and republicans to build a bipartisan bill that actually improves healthcare for everyone?
I think Ohioans & other Americans have.  Da #Resist crowd's happy. Other than that, the rest have concluded Congress can't work 2gether 4 us
You literally voted for a bill to leave even more people w/o insurance and everyone w/ > costs
It's time for a bipartisan effort to make the necessary changes to the ACA. Make it work! That's what the ppl want. Listen to them!
You can fix the parts that are not working. You can make it better if you work across the aisles
FIX Obamacare then!
Work with Dems. Listen to @JohnKasich & John McCain stop the drama #worktogether
Surrender your government policies so you ALL have some incentive to do what is right and not what is being bought by big $$$$
For that towel over your head, and disgrace!@senrobportman
Portman will only vote the way money flows into his pockets.  He thinks he will be in another term after this.
Dear Senator:  You let us down with your vote.  Do you know regular people?
You voted for that awful skinny bill. It was NOT a fix, not better, not cheaper. Shameful
Letting OC die under its own weight may force you numbskulls on both sides of the aisle to actually do something that makes sense.
You mean taking health insurance away from millions isn't a good thing? They are all an embarrassment to this country
Then stop voting no
No one wants to throw in the towel. Just deal with the fact that it'll remain THE ACA & work across the aisle to make it better for everyone
8yr Policy of Obstruction of a legally elected President.
THAT'S doing nothing.
@SenJohnMcCain @SenSusanCollins  @lisamurkowski 
are HEROES.
Fix the ACA.  That what was needed all along...
No. That was all you had to vote, no.
This doesn't solve the issue. I think the same healthcare you have access to should be the same as the people that voted you in should have.
Well you failed. Horribly. Not voting for you again
Republicans should've had their plan ready after seven years instead you all got head in ass disease even your health care couldn't cure it
Most of the country can't get any poorer....let O'Care implode, let the Dems own it.  Let the far left & far right stay there vote them out
But taking insurance away from millions is worse.
You have got to be kidding..... You were one of the first throwing towels.... you career politicians never cease to amaze me, go home!
RP,4 8 yrs U promised repeal&replace. How about U & your staff give up taxpayer subsidies and ACA exemption?Been there 2 long.Please retire!
Especially b/c Potus and Price are deliberatly & systematically undermining The ACA. They need to stop using the ad funds to run attack ads.
You could have been brave and joined McCain, Collins and Murkowski. But no.  Whipped by McConnell and Trump. They are on history's downside
While our POTUS behaves like a junior high bully.  So much valuable energy wasted on his ego problem, and fellow bullies like Scaramucci.
Right. If you had worked with the Dems on a bipartisan solution, you would be closer to solving this. But you were a coward instead
Neither should you and 12 other white guys write a bill on your lunch hour, behind closed doors.
I will vote for person who won't be bullied by POTUS into voting for bill denying quality health care to all. Go bipartisan. Improve ACA.
Work on providing quality, affordable healthcare bill. Do not include tax breaks for wealthy. Give poor & middle Americans the break!
And it will be on the heads of the Democrats.   They passed a bill without even reading it. But OMG let's blame it on the Republicans
You had your chance. You and McCain BLEW it! 
#Ohiowillremember
