So I don't buy into your argument. What you want to do is cut taxes on people like trump. So until we see his tax returns, we cannot support
Be sure it's tax REFORM to help muddle class and not tax CUTS for wealthy. We are watching. And DON'T vote for funding that stupid wall!
Truckle down DOES NOT WORK because owners keep money and want more. This was proven in 89s, which brought class divisions we r seeing now
It would be better to tell us about these issues at a TOWNHALL... You are #Missing but we still want a #portmantownhall
So get decades of tax returns from @realdonaldtrump first, and then talk to us about tax reform!  Priorities, Rob, priorities!  
Do not #taxreform tax hikes 4 working single parent families- keep the #headofhousehold status! Tax cuts 4 working folks, not the rich!
Why are you only focused on employers? I'm in employee; will you make me pay more so employers pay less? Still, you have offered zero ideas.
More Republican Trickle-Down Fantasy that has nothing to do with average Americans. It doesn't/won't/never work! #KochPuppet
Close loopholes for millionaires and big corporations. Give a tax cut to the middle class and small businesses.
Vote to change it
The Department of Labor wants to change the threshold of eligibility for overtime pay. Where do you stand?
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT TRUMP? OHIOANS DEMAND ACTION!
President Trump is way ahead of you on this Bob. Try to find something meaningful like A Townhall?
You  know what else is going to be extremely burdensome. The President.  #25thAmendmentNow
Do you ever plan to meet with constituents who aren't "employers"? Quit hiding behind your paywall. Your constituents have questions too.
Health care was too burdensome and complicated to fix let's move on to tax reform? #Healthcare
Don't say same thing, cut taxes for rich it will trickle down to poor!!!  Bull s___^ hasn't worked since Reagan!!!
have heard this line since the 80s,  has not worked and caused two recessions, raise taxes on the rich lower them on poor stimulate economy
You know it's not true. Both Reagan and Bush tried it. Supplyside/Trickledown Economics does not work. Nothing ever trickles down except BS.
Thinking about it .. issues are already set in order
Sure is swell of you to pay more taxes than the average worker. I assume that's what you mean. #probablynotthough
And right now, we should be focused on what to do about potus. He is making a mockery of our democracy. He lies constantly & that's wrong
In my town, the richest person with names on buildings is "small business". She pays some well, but many others forced 6+ years as a "temp"
Will you reform how you fund schools? It's currently illegal in the state of Ohio but you won't enforce it. #quityourjobrob
Who benefits the most, Senator? Trickle down is a proven failure. Do some research. It's part of your job.
Just tell the truth: you want corporations to pay nothing and the 1% to get more tax breaks.
With the state of the White House and the unacceptable behavior of the president and his rich buddies, tax reform is not a top issue for me.
Considering income taxes are on profits not revenue, there is 0 evidence that cutting taxes will increase wages or hiring
Peace
Okay no matter what forum you decide to come out with.. it's still set up for diversity. Yo
Agian trickle down economics does not work. Give tax breaks to corporation.  It all goes to investors.
If you truly cared about raising wages, then you would back raising the minimum wage. Instead you want to give tax breaks to the owners?
 only the 100th tweet about tax reform Senator.  Now what's the plan?
Not buying it...45805
and our employer based healthcare system is equally outdated
So what's your plan? You keep posting about it but I've yet to read anything of substance from you.
Why don't you and your Repub colleagues demand Trumps tax returns. How can you even talk reform when you allow this to continue. Get real!
The tax code already favors wealthy, e.g., Mnuchin tax rate 17%. Companies/CEOs won't create jobs or raise wages (except their own).







Old trikle down once again.
Are you willing to stand up to the tax software lobbyists?
Right...... #jobs #taxreform #ImpeachTrump
A definite maybe. Simpler would be better, but equitable would be even better. Everyone, businesses included, must pay their fair shares.
Our deficit is large enough.  Don't cut taxes for the rich.   Start w no deductions for anyone and go from there.
Let's see some specifics, where there's benefit to workers not just owners, investors, & lobbyists.  "Trickle down" from them does not work.
No tax reform until Trump releases his returns.  No tax cuts for the rich.  Trickle down doesn't work.  Hands off entitlements.
Uh huh...
Waiting to see who will get tax cuts. Corporations or we the people.
Who cares? There is a madman in the fucking white house!!!!!
Voodoo!
Start with Trumps personal government spending.
While we support business, the code Ryan is developing offers most benefits to the 1%, and trickle down does not work.
After decades of the same lie clearly there's more than a trickle to be shared but it's not moving down, dam upstream needs major unclogging
Oh please. You don't want reform, this is just a tax break for the wealthy. You only care about yourself and your rich friends.
Really, what makes you think employers will raise wages?  They always keep the money for themselves.  Never trickles down.
What are you lying.  Tax reform are cuts for the wealthy not for the middle class.
That's good for employers but how will employees pay for more product if they don't raise wages  what guarantee?
@indivisibledyt What taxes need reform? How many jobs will be created? How much will wages be raised? Must be nice not to give examples!
Single-payer would also relieve their burden, but you will only address tax reform, and not healthcare reform - according to your tweets
feel free to scrap the carried interest deduction for the millionaires you carry water for #TaxReform or would that require a spine?
And tax brackets are by far the EASIEST part of the entire tax code!
Tax reform will help employers get richer. Corrected that for you.
The Administration's plan to reduce the number of tax brackets will cause middle class to pay A LOT more tax.
It was basically Reagan's doing in 1986.
Tax reform = 70% tax cuts go to the top,5%
I call Bullshit Mr Portman.
Tell your wealthy political owners they can have a tax break AFTER supplying numerous well-paying jobs.
DEMS want no cuts for top 1%, want midd class cuts, no cuts to SS/Medicaid. 

R's cutting D's out of process. Tells you what u need to know.
Abraham Lincoln would have you branded a coward for not speaking up on Trump
Same promise made in Kansas.  It bankrupted the state government.
Translation: HUGE TAX CUTS FOR THE WEALTHIEST IN OUR COUNTRY RIGHT OFF THE BACKS OF THE MIDDLE CLASS. We are watching you Portman!
Did you block Garland but confirm alt-right racists like Sessions & John K. Bush because you espouse #whitesupremacy, Rob?
Sure *wink*
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/899291149235396608 …
Y dont you freaking say something about Donald Trump & the crazy incompetence & lack of control being shown by him?!! Country is in danger!!
Lies
I think we've learned millionaires aren't usually more generous as they acquire wealth.  Who are these cuts for?
Our "president" is too burdensome, too incompetent, & decades out of date.
#Impeachment will help the country start to heal & raise morale.
While shifting even more of the tax burden on middle and lower income citizens...
That's what you guys say every time you give these guys (raking in MASSIVE profits now) a tax break, it never happens. People want a deluge
is this the "pivot" Senator? come on dude, maybe fix HC first and then our crumbling bridges, then we can talk about tax breaks for rich ppl
