Thank you! So how about senate @SenateGOP finally quit the charade and just fix #ACA! No repeal. No replace. Just improve. #BCRA #NoRepeal
There is no improving this mess, can't polish a turd. Free market is the answer
True free market means no work insurance. Go back to pre ww2 benefits. This means no ins for government workers too
Employers shouldn't be required to provide Ins., doesn't mean they can't. It's a benefit.
It means i can shop for a plan that fits my budget/coverage I want, not mandated. My kids shouldn't be on my policy till 26
There used to be a plan for college kids that was $16 a month, affordable, just 10 years ago. My Ins. Was $125 a month for family
Did you get this plan on your own?
Yes, when i had this plan it was $12 a month. My mistake was not buying gap coverage, young and knew everything already 
You've had 8 years to get a replacement. You've dropped the ball once again.
its not health insurance! it takes your money and covers nothing. you lost mine and many other Ohioans votes.
Then why did you vote for the Skinny Repeal?  Senator McCain saw that the emperor had no clothes, so why didn't you!  Work with Dems on this
Please, please, please vote no tonight.
Not true.
Well, actually, probably closer to HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS, but thanks for your concern.  Too bad you voted for #SkinnyRepeal
They do not have any in the first place
Over 70% of Americans want a bipartisan fix to ACA, including 72% of independents.  STOP PLAYING POLITICAL FOOTBALL w/ American lives!
We had Ins. before O-care. We paid it. Since O-care our premiums up $7250 annually. Deduct up 25%. Wife had to find new doctor. ACA is bs
GOP spent 6 years sabotaging instead of making fixes - they removed risk corridors, messed w/ CSR's etc. They can fix the issues, but won't.
Why didn't the Democrats fix it!!!! ????? Because their plan was to Destroy the middle class!!!!!!!!!!
Except that the GOP has been in control of legislation for 7 years.  Who wants to destroy the middle class?
DEMONCRAPS want to Destroy the middle class ,plus they represent the new terrorist group, Antifa !Demoncraps created OBUMMERCARE!
You sound like a 5 year old.  Speak to me like an intelligent adult or we can't get anywhere on these issues.
They're already w/o good insurance & I hope they vote Uout of office 4 lying about wanting 2 repeal Ocare! RUworking 4 t insurance companies
Don't hide behind that lie. There'd have been 2 years to fix the few items that'd need it before the repeal happened. Enjoy your last term.
Ohioans are already losing healthcare at alarming rates, and you just failed them. You're a liar and a snake.
Obeying the Constitution - you're doing it wrong. #fullrepeal
Moving fwd on this “skinny” repeal is a step backwards. You’re putting 15 million people at risk for the sake of your party. Disgrace
The right vote for the wrong reasons. There is no need to repeal or replace Obama care. Just needs small tweaks.
Then why did you vote yes to do this!!!!!!!??????????? Were the hell are your priorities?? With the insurance corps that pay you massive $$$
You lost reelection in 2018 because of your refusal to repeal Obamacare.
First reasonable thing you've said. #SaveACA #SaveOurCare
Repealing is the conservative thing to do. Definitely not voting for you again.....
And as a member of a party that used to espouse #freemarket principals, u should know they’d be better off than w/govt mandated crap.
Please do not repeal or replace our ACA! we depend on it. Our retirements have already been taken from us. Don't kill us with RR ACA!
You'd have 2 years to pass a replacement. That would require doing your job tho. Too bad I can't repeal the vote I gave you.
Why can't people make up their own minds.  Why not let each state take care of their own citizens.  Why must their be "something"
The worst thing about Obamacare is guessing every month when our income changes if the IRS will come back and penalize us....
#neverportman
#notoskinnyhealthcare!
.@Senrobportman skinny repeal, same net result: people w/CF like Ali WILL be culled from meds http://access.Vote  NO !#cfadvocacy
So what! The ACA must be repealed as you promised to do. You will never receive my vote ever again. I will keep my word.
Yes, @senrobportman and then the market would come in and unstrand them. That's how it works.
But you knew this from the beginning Rob.
But what about the super crappy skinny repeal? That's just as bad.
Voting Yes on the "skinny repeal" is equally BAD. As one of your constituents, I implore you to vote NO!
#BS you were elected to get rid of Obamacare...  do your job
Repealing this law is what you promised us in your most recent campaign.
You're nothing but a con and a bold faced liar. Hard working families are being stripped. We want free market! Do your job!
The replacement sucks.
LESS people will have coverage with GOP plan; 630,000 in Ohio w/o insurance economic hardship and lost loved ones depression  drug use
Need an excuse for your corruption? Sure can. Lots of measures can be taken in the meantime. GET OUT OF THW WAY. Stop blocking Trumps agenda
Vote for something good Rob. You're toast if you don't, and I say this as someone who supports you
True or not. There is NO excuse for leaving this socialistic wealth transfer law in place. NONE
Portman is a Liar
Lyin' Rob. Sad

Senators, Repeal and Replace the ACA today. The President has given you momentum. Don’t squander it. Income tax… https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2017/07/27/senators-repeal-and-replace-the-aca-today-the-president-has-given-you-momentum-dont-squander-it-income-tax-replacement-and-a-balanced-budget-is-next-dont-lose-your-momentum/ …
if the insurance and pharmaceutical companies keep writing the law it will never help Ohioans.
What individual or organization paid you off to vote against?
Well that's NOT how you voted in 2015! You voted to fully repeal it then you lying snake!! I swear I'm going to expose you all over Ohio!
Not with this law.
Don't let the cute name fool you. "Skinny repeal" will cause a death spiral for ACA, 16 million more uninsured by next year.
#SaveACA https://twitter.com/jhamelresists/status/890594490284736514 …
Does that mean you are a NO vote?
OHIO DIDN'T VOTE 4 REPLACE-WE VOTED 4 #FULLREPEAL NOW! YR VOTE YESTERDAY SHOWS YR JUST AS BAD AS (ACTUALLY WORSE THAN)  SHERROD BROWN! #RINO
So why'd you vote to proceed with the motion? Have you forgotten you did that? We won't.
Then why did you vote to repeal it in 2015????????  If you don't do what we elected you to do, YOU WILL BE GONE.
They're going to be stranded when BOcare disintegrates...as it already is.
No repeal!  Make the ACA work by fixing the problems with bipartisan support.  The GOP is royally mangling this health care issue.
Thank you for listening to your rational constituents and your soul. Bipartisanship to Fix the ACA please!
A "replacement" that knocks one off insurance and guts Medicaid is also leaving Ohio "stranded." Please be a Congress member for the People.
Bullshit. They would get medicaid just like they did before.  These people you speak of do not pay for insurance and never have
Disappointed in your vote. REPEAL OBOMACARE
Here's a thought, you and the rest of D.C. put yourselves on the ACA.
Mr Portman here is your out line to healthcare please run with it no more excuses #do your damn job
The poor get free cheap no frills healthcare but if they are able to work they must to get free healthcare #winner healthcare plan
Most important what ever congress passes healthcare wise they must live with it as we do, we will talk about our SS system later
Make preventive healthcare a priority gym membership, vitamins, preventive doctor visits all part of your 100% tax free health savings act
You voted FOR Repeal W/O replacement when Obama was in office, you campaigned on Repeal and won because of it. You are a fraud/Liar and GONE
Thank you for doing the right thing (from a constituent in Rossford)
But how did you vote Senator. Yes or no?
You better get ready to get primaried. This is a disgrace. Under this bill you would've had 2 years to come up with a replacement!
Thank you for helping to quash this horrendous bill! You did the brave thing, don't let anyone bully you! #KillTheBill
So what have you been doing since 2011? There should already be a GOP replacement.
Get lawyers further out of healthcare limit lawsuit rewards #tort reform
Buy your prescriptions any where, watch prices drop drastically. Hospitals & doctors must post all pricing
Catastrophic health insurance policy insured by government also can be bought any where in US like our bank accounts
First $10,000 healthcare taken care of with healthcare savings account 100% tax free then bare bones cheap catastrophic insurance policy
We must take government out of healthcare. Look at Cincinnati's street car desire,VA, NY subway#failures
Please look at real answers healthcare according to Wayne Allen Root#do your damn job
Portman your liberal time is done in power
Ohio's folks will not be forgiving at the poles if you leave us high and dry on healthcare #do your damn job
What BS. We didn't elect you to flip flop or do nothing. Next election could be time to go.
Repeal and give republicans six months to replace or revert back to per Obamacare #do your damn job
@POTUS @FoxNews Sen. Portman, you need to resign now. You are of no use to America, and you have made 63M+ Americans angry!
It makes me really uneasy counting on you to truly look out for the interests of Ohioans over your party and your donors.
Thank you senator. Now can we please work on improving #ACA instead of trying to give @realDonaldTrump a "win"?
Now fix the ACA stop trying to reinvent the wheel. The GOP named it Obamacare to make it sound ugly. Keep what works and fix what doesn't.
Why can't we Repeal Obamacare and return to our old system ?
Obamacare is mostly expensive catastrophic coverage - high deductables effectively leave majority without coverage. Get rid of it NOW!
nonsense. they will go out and get their own insurance if they want it. Welfare always got health care at local hospitals and got bills paid
Why did you flip flop on your vote ? What insurance, you call 15 k deductibles $1000 per month insurance ? Repeal Obamacare
2018 is right around the corner... Bye
What do you say to the Ohio counties with 0 choices on the exchange?How many thousand are without already?U LIED 2 THE VOTERS #Recallportman
Then fix it!  Quit stalling.
Lots of auto-Bot Trolls supporting you Senator! Good luck with that in 2020. 
Looks like the rest of us think you just showed your hand
Obamacare left thousands without Healthcare. Why don't you care about us! You ran on repeal. We voted you in to #repeal. DO YOU JOB!
No it wouldn't it would leave the door open for the free market to get back to work! But you want the lobbyists to  keep filling your pocket
Did you vote to repeal when Obama was in office?  If you don't get off the swamp train you'll go down with the rest of the swamp!!
I'll send our crap $12,000 premium bill and $6,500 deductible to you!
Oh right, that was last year. After our 3rd insurer dropped OUT & only insurer left doesn't offer what my fam needs! Nowhealthshare ministry
And u left tens of thousands of people with or w/o insurance they can't afford! But why do u care ur exempt from the non #ACA. #BackStabber!
Would you feel that way if you had to use it?
Repeal it or be fired rino !!!
#voteportmanout
So all these years of talking about repeal & replace were a lie?
Liar Liar!  You ran on repeal!  I believed your fibbing!  My bad, never again
u lie.  u r killing the Rep party.  need new party, Tea Party.
Coward
It continues sir and gives you a couple years to maybe hire outside professionals to do what is over all your heads!!!!!
Thank you for voting against your party, repeal without replacement would have been disastrous for Ohio.
You mean beside the insurance they could have purchased on their own or the replacement you had two years to provide?
Sounds to me like you are listening to Kasich WAYYYY to much!
ACA expanded Medicaid BEFORE cleaning up the program. SAVE $$$$
by cleaning it up. The amount of waste, fraud & abuse in fed govt!
CLEAN UP THE WASTE FRAUD & ABUSE IN MEDICAID
You are a liar.  You campaigned on repeal just so you could get voted in.  How do u expect anyone to believe anything u say after this?
untrue - you have 2 ----- TWO years to replace
They are Already Stranded W/O HealthcareDeductibles So High They Never Get CoveredU Need This HCareWe Want Free Markets @POTUS @VP
NOT TRUE! You ran on the Repeal platform! I will not be fooled by you again! #voteportmanout
At least you are honest in that statement...No health INSURANCE...they already have no 'health care'
Obamacare has already failed. You lied to your voters. Do your job. Support our president. The ones who wil be without, din't want it anyway
hard to be sympathetic- insurance premuim is draing us financially.
Repealing this law and replacing it with a half written bill is dangerous. A bipartisan fix to ACA is the answer
It was a two year transition.  You lie to your constituents. You should be ashamed
Not true. The rising premiums of Obamacare have caused that. It was a mistake to expand Medicaid soo quickly. You know that's the problem
Ohioans premiums are up, our deductibles are up, are coverage choices are down, and you voted NO.  Exactly who do you represent?
I will be donating to your primary opponent you phony, fraud
Vote no on skinny/ can't justify saving medicare by putting fall out of bad bill on independent professionals backs/bad policy
No excuse.  Repeal than replace.  You are following the Democrats NOT GOOD.
Ur wrong and u have lost my support.  Im life long Repub I will be actively campaigning against you from this point forward. #DrainTheSwamp
Do you care about the working people who are barely paying 4K per mo & hanging on believing you were going to help? No.
People of Ohio it's time to get rid of Portman. He just gave the finger to everyone who voted for Trump, and Trump won Ohio.
dumb move. Repeal first,  then work on replacement with the dems, duh and work to make healthcare cheaper #RINO
Welcome to the NO INSURANCE CLUB.  Been without for 2 years now. #HardworkingAmerican  #NOHANDOUTS  #YOU'REFIRED
You senator are a  A Showboat when you couldn't get it through you voted to repeal it now that you can get it through you don't vote for it
And yet you voted with the GOP?  Your cover is blown!
Repeal @senrobportman
keeping ObamaCare is destroying health insurance & our budget! Liar & sellout !
Very disappointed you voted to keep ACA + put more on the taxPAYER shoulders. You have lost my support unless you follow through and repeal
Leaving in place strains working Americans who struggle to afford their own care, but are forced to pay for others. It's Socialism & Tyranny
Insurance COVERAGE does NOT equal Insurance CARE coverage is currently a mess and you Sir have not helped by not keeping your word Primaried
Replace & Repeal Obamacare and now Portman as well...
There is NO excuse for what was done the the American people and you have FAILED to keep your word. You've lost my vote in Ohio. Primaried.
And yet 10s of thousands have essentially NONE NOW because of outrageous deducts and payments IF they can find a pool ins company at all!
But a replacement is not a compromise. Especially when there is no replacement. Vote NO @senrobportman #norepeal
You lost my vote
Try following what our Vice President says.. give people freedom to choose their own healthcare. Get the hell out of people's medical issues
People aren't disabled. They can get off their ass&go purchase a tailored ins. Policy. It's called independence.
We don't want government run "health care." We want Free Market!" Get a clue. Repeal that failed Obamacare monstrosity! It was forced on us.
That's B.S. and you know it! Disgusting! We gave you House, Senate, and President. Now do what you said you would do! Damn! RINO!
Return to regular order. Reach across the aisle, in public view. Sick of Dem vs GOP, lobbyists, voting down party lines. See McCain speech!
But as an Ohioan I can't afford the insurance I have!! My family of 3 has a $5000 deductible and premiums of $15,000 a year. Need a change!
Now the government "owns" 1/6th of the economy and you're not going to give it up, are you?
Thank you for this I am glad you listened to our calls http://www.thedailybeast.com/senate-gop-fails-to-pass-bill-repealing-obamacare …
Operating out of fear is not leading.
You lied to us. We voted for you and you lied to us. This puts you in with the Dems who told us we could keep plan/doctor. You’re no better.
You are confusing insurance with medical care. You have fallen for the Dem’s positioning.
Sir, truth comes out, you voted repeal in past, but now when it is possible, you vote no.Your vote effects all not just Ohio. You will lose!
Must not be listening to your voicemail. Enjoy your retirement.
#AHCA would still leave tens of MILLIONS stranded without health insurance. TAKE A STAND against Repub leadership, wealthy, and #LiarInChief
Thank you for your sanity. Don't let Tweety & CO. bully you or your level-headed colleagues.
Quit being lazy and come up with a solution instead of just sitting back collecting our money. Do your job!!!!!
They would still have it for 2 years.  By then you would think you guys could come up with another plan that's better. I C thru UR bullshit
Repealing does nothing. Repeal and get replaced. Period.
The real reason is because your bought and paid for, or have you forgot your own FEC financial disclosure.
BTW, your vote also affects the rest of the nation, not just citizens of OH!You are effectively saying you want us to have gov't healthcare!
Plus, what about  Medicaid?  Nobody would be without healthcare/ins. Your promise was to repeal. Where did that promise go?
Sir, that's the biggest bunch of you know what! And you know it! With state high risk pool and open market, the issue would be resolved!
Senator plz consider switching party affiliation. You didn't uphold GOP values with your vote against obamacare repeal
Repeal and stop handing out Tax$ to inscos. Nothing good comes from fed meddling in healthcare. Let weak inscos fail
Praying a true conservative replaces Brown then you
BS Sir. Tens of thousands can't afford health ins now. ACA must go. Trunk and root
Who's going to run against the piece of shit Sen?? I have a large check for them
You could have voted No and worked to strengthen Ocare which is way better than any GOP shit bill. But u have no backbone.
Welp you lost this vote. Hypocrisy at its best. Cya
No you put them all on Medicaid rob you know darn well obamcare is barely surviving in Ohio political career over after this term
the party of massive Govt and liars
u wretched man.
You might have to supply a short term 'safety net'  during the transition, but you can, our private system always had them for the poor.
We want back what we had, with those few tweaks to help lower costs. It would again be the best healthcare system in the world!
Cross state lines for competition, lower Tort payouts to start. This power grab to federalize health care is a lose lose for us and you!
You can fix the parts that need fixed, but remember before ACA we had the best healthcare system in the world. Small tweeks is all it needs!
They aren't going to have any, ACA is failing! Clean repeal returns it to the private market, which can do it more efficiently than Gov can.
You had two years to come with something. You are bed with Kasich. I will never support you again.Ohio deserves better.Just bad @Scaramucci
YOU RAN ON REPEAL AND LIED., I WILL DONATE TO ANYONE THAT PRIMARIES YOUR LYING CARCASS!
Not repealing leaves 10's of 1000's paying 3X premiums & deductibles - what about us? Obama lied to us & now you have too - swamp slime
