The auto industry is fighting w/ one arm tied behind its back because of employer based healthcare plans. Medicare-for-all would help bigly.
Preach
Or maybe because you and the admin are anti-union!!
Also because of oil and gas subsidies 
Tax cuts for the rich won't help auto sales one bit.  #JustStopItRob
This is a joke.
Next you’ll blame the UAW.......
Actually it’s called Technology based Automation. It’s not like back in your day, try to educate yourself.
MY WORD, your whole career has been made on trade deals that screwed the worker and enriched the multinational corporations.
That's bull shit Bob. When CEO's are giving themselves multi million $ bonuses it means they are greedy. Greed @ the top hurts business
Your constituents are living every day with an arm tied behind their backs.
No, NO, NO, don't vote for it !!!!
Try again, #liar. Auto companies pay far less than they should. It’s #greed, not the tax code.
#VoteAgainst @GOP This tax bill will make the wealthy much more money than it will for the middle class & the poor. @realDonaldTrump #resign
Auto WORKERS?  This makes no sense, Rob.
You're joking. We have Honda, Toyota, BMW, Mercedes, GM, Ford, Chrysler,....and many parts made in the country.
Yes, some are made abroad.
You’re a dinosaur, Rob. Retire, okay?
Do you think that part of the problem might be the UAW? Higher wages across the board would stop that union from holding companies hostage
Our auto workers benefit from SALT deductions. Our auto workers will not lose sleep over paying estate taxes
This bill will not help the auto WORKERS but it will help the executive suite #taxreform for the 1%
You're outdated & burdensome
We have an outdated corrupt representative
the tax changes you are in favor of cant's help them.  Please vote NO
Why do even bother with these posts? You obviously don't care what people think. We're on to you.
You also have a bunch of price adding regulations added to manufacturing vehicles.
The tax reform being debated in Congress won't help those auto workers.  With extra cash corps can and buy a company to eliminate jobs.
You voted against increasing minimum wage and wanted to repeal healthcare. How can we trust you?
Unfortunately you're a liar....
Besides. New auto factories are all over the south with huge tax incentives already. Ask Jindal is this strategy helped Louisiana or not.
And robotics.
READ THESE RESPONSES!
the proposed tax cuts for big corps and wealthy will not help the auto worker.
That benefit your rich donors...and will continue to benefit your rich donors.
So provide #UniversalHealthCare, freeing up employers from that obligation, providing $$ for jobs, innovation & profits.
Trump is not helping with his give the very rich a tax break and screw everyone else
It isn't the tax code. It's the threat of Right to Work laws and burdensome healthcare costs. Auto workers have mortgages not estate taxes.
That’s such garbage!  Taxes didn’t force the big 3 to move production out...lower wages did!  So tired of your rhetoric
U have no way to prove companies will put the $$ back into wages or hiring for that matter.  How about stock buyback and dividend increases?
Simple does not equal fair. Simple does not mean good. Close loopholes. The big automakers don't need a tax cut. Their employees do.
Another GOP talking point:  talk abt the people but the money goes to corporations and wealthy.  Tax "reform".
That may be true, but people working for minimum wage are working with both hands and both legs behind their back‘s.
If you are against raising the minimum wage how can I trust that you honestly care about the wages of the middle class?
As an autoworker myself, how come you don’t directly cut my taxes rather than the rich? You actually think that will help me?
Taxes should be lower, simpler and fairer for middle-class workers. Why, then, do you support a tax plan that helps the 1% at our expense?
Constituent 44074 Where in the tax reform does it require businesses to use money from tax breaks to create jobs and increase wages?
Senator Portman, we also have outdated and burdensome politicians so not likely they will fix our outdated and burdensome tax code
The blue collar workers???? You mean the 1% Owners.
How does eliminating the estate tax & AMT, cutting rates on the 1%, and blowing up the deficit help auto workers?
Will your bill tie both arms behind their backs?  You stand by a corrupt POTUS to get tax cuts for your 1%er donors.  All about the profits.
Oh, please! This is the very definition of disingenuous.
Jesus, you are a broken record. Our tax code has nothing to do with how our auto factories work. Health care costs are a bigger impediment.
And if you take the cost of healthcare off of employers, they will have more money for 'job creation' & innovation. Or profits. 
And your plan is what.
So tax cuts for billionaires will revitalize the auto industry. Right.
I don't trust Rob Portman he was involved in gerrymandering districts to lean republican along withJon Husted! Time to let the ppl decide!
Tax code has nothing to do with auto workers.  Auto companies maybe. Remove the burden of healthcare. Medicare for all would help everyone
If I am reading the %chart right, my taxes will go up a lot and I am on a pension which nets me about 20 Thousand a year.
Explain Honda then
So do you support the 70% corporate tax rate and the billionaire tax of 90% . Do you support a capital gains tax of 50%m
The auto workers are MIDDLE CLASS. Giving tax cuts to the wealthy isn't going to help these guys. Wake up, Rob Portman. Stop being a sheep.
Your #KochTaxCut won't help autoworkers. They don't care about the estate tax!
Thank goodness Obama saved the US Auto industry, GOP wasn't interested as I remember.
Yes, I'm sure the estate tax is leaving auto workers in poverty.
What’s Trump hiding in his tax returns?
Tax code holding back workers is a myth. It's the corporations taking advantage of workers and wage slavery. When are you going to fix that?
lies.

Do you really think more people are going to buy more cars after you redistribute money from the poor to the rich? How does that work?
This tax plan seems like a bad deal since we lose healthcare too?
The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
I think it has more to do with robotic technology. It's an adapt or die situation. Education is the key to turning this around
Unfortunately, the last time you met your constituents publicly in Ohio was 1,087 days ago. But you can change that!
Unfortunately you are one of them!
They can't yank Healthcare from the poor and sick. He didn't actually do away with ACA. He's just burdening the sick & greater middle class.
Yeah I’m sure those workers are really bumming that their bosses want a tax cut.
Rob has spent years in DC making it more profitable for Ohio companies to cut jobs & move overseas:
