#VoteYes. Please keep your promise to Ohio - vote for repeal/replace bill. Ocare is a disaster!!!  Wise up folks!
Except that these fools had 7 yrs to develop a better plan to replace and they had nothing!  Repubs are allowing ACA to tank w/o a replace.
ACA was tanking well before the election. It helped get Trump elected. The 2017 rates came out in beg of Sept. Ocare was set up to fail
And it was timed to do so in 2017 after Obama was out of office. It was spelled out in 2010 with penalty schedule and various other waivers
Change the channel.  You sound like you could know what you're talking about, but you don't.
DO A TOWN HALL AND ANSWER QUESTIONS
You're from NY. Stay out of Ohio's business!!
I'm from Ohio......PORTMAN NEEDS TO DO A TOWN HALL!
I am from Ohio also in Portman's district. But I don't use all caps. Why would anyone in congress have a town hall with all the craziness.
Senator, you have a clear mandate from your constituents to vote NO. Protect Ohioans. This bill is cruel, repressive, and morally repugnant.
You're not from OH but from DC. But out!!
My mother, sister, in-laws, cousins, and many more live in Ohio. And this bill would hit them hard. I think it's okay to tweet about that.
All of the protesters arrested at Portman's ofc on 7/7 were from out of state. Not from OH. Tired of outsiders swaying public opinion
@SenCapito says, "I did not come to Washington to hurt people". Please come out and say this too. Oppose this bill.
Thanks for your non support Portman!!  NOT!!!
This does, and covers much less than the ACA. A ripoff off the middle class to benefit those who corrupt you and DC. Bet your mom's proud
SMH #BCRA does NOTHING to control root cause of egregious #healthcare costs NOR insurance complexity of access but harms vulnerably millions
Thank you for the link. Please don't support this bill. After I left the Air Force & was waiting for college classes... @senrobportman
... to start, I got pneumonia. I made $9/hr & didn't have health insurance. I saved $70 to see a doctor and the muffler fell off my car...
...so I got the muffler replaced. I couldn't sleep because I couldn't stop coughing & it was hard to breathe. I waited 2 weeks for payday...
...& saw a doctor, who told me I had pneumonia and wrote me several prescriptions. I couldn't afford to fill them for 2 more weeks.
It was scary & exhausting -- and because I had to wait so long to start antibiotics, it took ~8 months to get totally better.
I'm 48 years old now and I have great health insurance that I can afford... but there are millions of people who wouldn't without the ACA.
Please vote no on this bill. Life is hard enough for everyone -- nobody should have to choose between food and medical care. It's obscene...
...in a country with this much wealth.
Seems you are more worried about money for drug addicts than working people

#savemedicaid #voteno #donoharm
Well it is nice that you are reading it.  But check out the fact that many will be uninsured.  The AARP does not support among many others.
I agree with @MrMikeMac do a town hall so we can tell you to your face what we think of your politicing and this disaster of a bill #VoteNo
He can't handle it.  He doesn't have what it takes for the tough business of governing.
Your career is over Portman!!!!
I am a registered Republican who supports repair of ACA, NET NEUTRALITY, RETAINING  PUBLIC LANDS, AND  JK OUT OF WH NOW!
Please represent your constituents with a NO vote. There is too much to lose to make this a party issue. This really is a right/wrong issue.
Don't forget that Ohio has a bigger than average population of older people -- older constituents.
Thank you for sharing the draft. Please, vote no.  Our priority must be the most vulnerable.
Review the comments of your constituents, too. We want the #ACA strengthened, not replaced with something harmful to Ohio. We are watching.
Vote no!
Just now. You are reviewing it now? Well, great. What part are you on? Spoiler Alert: I die.
Vote NO - Ohio voters are watching,  stay strong and not fold! Mitch McConnel does not represent Ohio@
This bill is wrong for Ohio in so many ways. Do the right thing. Don't force on us a plan that you exempt yourself from.
A yes vote will end any future political career you may seek in Ohio. We are watching you  and depending on you to do the right thing for OH
A tax cut for the rich, on the backs of the old and the poor.
Just do the right thing for the PEOPLE please vote no.
Please vote no. The Cruz amendment is a disaster. And the Medicaid provisions aren't all they claim to be. Vote no. 44240
P's let me know who agrees with this other than R Senators? U can do on twit. 140 Chtrs is more than enough!@OhioDistrict3 @CbusIndivisible
Please vote no on this bill
The mere fact that you are still reviewing this bill even tho every credible group is against tells me U R holding out for $$$ in YOUR acct

Quit the games.Its not hard,it knocks millions off of Medicaid(elderly, working poor and disabled)if you do that to Ohioans, shame on you.
Don't vote for this travesty! Where will the billions from Medicaid be made up?
Insurers, last night, let out a primal scream

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/senate-health-bill-insurers-unworkable_us_59697eb7e4b0d6341fe9111c?4wz … …
Will the Senate & Congress participate in the same health care system as the American people? NO? Vote NO!
Thank you.
Giving us 172 pages to read! Maybe you should summarize it into 1 page. What we need is cheap insurace that doesn't discriminate.
It's been 4 hours, and there weren't too many changes. Plus, you were allegedly on the cmte that wrote this, so are you a solid NO now?
Please vote no!
And if young people opt for plan that covers nothing, does that drive up premiums for people needing full coverage?  Vote no
I read. People will buy the cheaper catastrophic plan. They won't get preventive care. They will find themselves in need and not covered.
Thank you for sharing the link.
Vote No if you care about your constituents.  Simple as that.
Healthcare cost INEVITABLE. Insurance is how to manage risk of not knowing WHO will be sick. ANYBODY can get sick ANYTIME; ALL need coverage
Ask yourself, WHO does this bill help?  WHO does this bill hurt?  WHO profits from the changes in the bill?  Vote NO on proceeding to a vote
Vote no. Health care could be fair and this is not Look into single payer
Even the Academy of Actuarials thinks it's a "No". Say no.
What good does the bribe of 45 BILLION 4 opiods do when Ohioans go back to no insurance, no hospitals & pre-existing conditions? BRIBE!
Rob what are the real issues holding back partisanship? Each side is holding something hostage that has nothing to do with healthcare
Vote no. Equal accessibility to healthcare is the only Christian option.


It's garbage...vote NO....u can't throw my kid off her insurance
Vote NO!
#VoteNo and stand with the vast majority of Americans, health care providers, and insurance actuaries who oppose this detestable bill.
We've read it. It's shite. Vote no. We know you won't that's why you keep trashing obamare instead of trying to fix it. #resign
You need to look at the input from insurers and medical organizations. That will give you your answer. #VoteNoBCRA
We aren't buying your bullshit senator!
You realize we don't need to be intimately familiar with the entire text to know specific parts are unacceptable. Vote no.
@senrobportman, make sure you read the part abt how Congress is exempt f/the "healthcare" bill but #Ohioans are not.
Disgustingly cruel. We deserve better.
From the real world Senator.  No.  No. No.   Allowing pre-existing and lifetime caps is No.  Exluding Congress, No.  Horrible effort.
Have you read it & understand it negatively impacts the citizens of Ohio.  We are sacrificed in order to give a tax cut to the rich.
Does this bill also include your health insurance coverage?  If not, why doesn't it? Do what is right for all Americans.
It's a nightmare of a bill. It was a terrible bill made worse. Can you imagine trying to make something better by adding @tedcruz to it?
This is it. Do or die, literally for many. #VoteNo

You should highlight the part that says congress and your staffers won't have to follow your new law since it provides horrible coverage.
Please vote no on the MTP.  If it's not suitable for you how is it good for Ohio. Our lives are hanging in the balance. #NoWealthcare
I read it yesterday... be advised that you have to flip to the related legislation at the same time to understand
How much money did Mitch McConnell promise you for your vote. We do not want you to vote for this bill. A vote for it is a vote against OHIO
And how 'bout that exemption from the plan for members of congress??? DESPICABLE!
So u keep your Cadillac plan
Just read Section 124-136 on Medicaid.  @USCBO estimates 15 million will lose Medicaid in a decade from @SenateGOP #trumpcare Medicaid cuts
If only GOP felt this issue was important enough to have hearings, experts, testimony. You are not a doctor, Senator.
#NoTrumpCare
This is a no-brainer, Rob. We are offended that you won't just come out publicly and oppose this bill. Stand with #Ohioans.
#DontRobOurCare
VOTE NO on this Pathetic Healthcare Bill!  Do what's right for the American People! Your constituents will be watching!
are the costs that you will pay?  Probably nothing. In fact, you will probably make money. You are a hypocrite.
Rob is looking at substantial tax breaks.
This bill just gets worse. One step forward, two steps back.

Because things aren't bad enough. Can I get a side of Bird flu to go with my helping of Swine flu just as the GOP repeals the ACA? #Trumpflu https://twitter.com/wcpo/status/886241464568741890 …
If it reduces Medicaid or the no. if insured, you must vote no!
Are you going to be for and then against this one too? #hypocrite #QuitYourJobRob Even the insurance companies are against it. Vote No!
I've read it. It's a poorly veiled excuse to give large tax cuts for rich. It destroys Medicaid & kills ppl w/preexisting conditions. NO.
yea, it will cost everyone more in health insurance premiums, higher hospital bills due to non payment accounts, etc. What 1/
You're STILL reviewing the text of this bill while insurance cos, hospitals, doctors, your constituents, the country, etc, already OPPOSE?
Are you kidding? Need an interpreter to determine if we're being screwed. Is the plan to pull the wool over our eyes? AARP, AMA say vote NO!
Cliff notes:there are still massive cuts 2 Medicaid that would negatively affect Ohio. You cannot support both this bill & your constituents
Will congress go on this plan or r u keeping your Cadillac plan?
If you're trying to justify your cowardly silence on the bill by showing us how complicated an actual law is, it won't work. IT'S YOUR JOB!
Please vote no.
Please vote no.
Keep calling, Ohio!!!

http://portman.senate.gov/public/index.c …
Every healthcare expert is opposed to #trumpcare. When insurance companies start calling it devestating...
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59697eb7e4b0d6341fe9111c/amp …
It's a piece of garbage. Stand up for Ohians and working class American people and vote No
Please #VoteNo on this bill! The #American people do not deserve to have #healthcare ripped away for a tax break for the rich!
Maybe a chat with @JohnKasich or @larry_levitt at http://kff.org  might help clarify some questions u have? #NoOnMTP #SaveOurCare
How long can this possibly take?
VOTE NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. NO. AND NO!
The people actually living in the state of Ohio want you to vote NO to go forward with this bill.

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Gov. Kasich is opposed. Insurers too. Congress hates it so they exempt themselves loves from it. Vote No.
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Please remain a NO vote.

 
We need a champion. Vote no
VOTE NO!!  Work with the Democrats to improve the ACA~  BOTH parties need to own it in order for it to have a chance
So- apparently Cruz wants to offer insurance that is so bare bones it doesn't count as insurance. Come on Portman- do better!
We've all seen it. PLEASE VOTE NO

RM: @MartinHeinrich: Republicans' latest health care scheme threatens to throw our entire health care system into chaos. 
Thank you so much, others won't do this.
( @axios ) 
https://www.axios.com/public-wants-republicans-to-work-with-democrats-on-health-care-2457433357.html …

Republicans should listen to the one Republican-- and a governor-- who knows more about health care than any other. https://twitter.com/bostondotcom/status/886002756443570176 …

So the actuaries are opposed. The hospitals are opposed. The doctors are opposed. Now the insurers are opposed. Who is in favor? https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/886015376173268992 …
Will the ted Cruz potion be part of the CBO score?
