Another vote NO from me!
Vote no on this atrocity
Then don't let them make cuts to Medicaid. Or allow ins to deny preexisting conditions. Or cut maternity coverage. Don't vote for Trumpcare.
As one of your constituents, I urge you to vote no on this horrible bill.

It doesn't need to move forward. It's horrible! 1.9% growth is not enough to justify the devastation! Ohio is watching #ohio #robportman
So many lies in Robs tweet.  He is a horrible human- Robs policy's and ways of thinking hurt more than they help.  Repeal and replace Rob!
Please vote No on Trumpcare.

Btw, I left you another voicemail msg.  

(I always get through to a person when I call @SenSherrodBrown)
Neat. How?
We will vote you out on Nov 6, 2018, if you vote #Yes for this disastrous healthcare bill.
(He's not up for election until 2022--that's part of why he thinks he can ignore us.)
He is probably planning to take a lucrative lobbying job in 2023; living a life of luxury, paying few taxes, thanks to tax cuts for the rich
Are you working on the health care system or insurance policies? Are you working to reduce rules/regs on Dr's & hospitals or insurers?
Share with us the MERITS of this bill.  Better, cheaper, everybody covered becomes this?!?  Only thing we are unified on, this bill stinks.
if @SenateGOP bill makes health care worse for #Ohio, a Vote NO on #trumpcare does not break @GOP promise to repeal & replace #Obamacare.
For the love of God, please vote no on Deathcare! Ohioans need you to stand up for us!!
Don't even try to pretend like you've reached across the aisle on the healthcare issue

Cut the growth of Medicaid
Good. And try working with Democrats, who represent at least half of the nation.
Great. So you'll wait until everyone else has decided then do what was already going to happen any way. #leadership
Don't forget that you represent ALL Ohioans.  Be a leader and work across the aisle to fix the ACA.  Be courageous.
What do you think of Ted Cruz's terrible idea to provide substandard care for the sick? Yes or No?
US health care system will work better if you vote against this bill. Many Ohioans in nursing homes and with special needs need this.
I think it is time we find candidates for congressman and Senators that don't work with President Trump. In Portman's case we have time.
For gods sake once in your life take a stand vote no
Please do not vote yes on this terrible bill. The slashes to Medicaid and gutting the requirement for mental health services will hurt many.
All talk, no show!
Then please don't pass your bill. It will cause devastating harm to my patients and my family. I am a constituent, a pediatrician, and a mom
Please make sure the GOP stops the dangerous spread of misinformation
Protect seniors on fixed incomes who can't afford the 66% increase permitted to finance the high risk pools.  The pools never worked.  NO.
Please vote against the latest iteration of the Republican health insurance plan. It hurts those who use medicaid. # elderly #Disabled #kids
If you vote for this bill you are BETRAYING the people who need health care the MOST. Let's keep our eyes on the ball, Rob.
Why do you get to keep RX, maternity care, mental health care, but are stripping it from us?  You can not in good conscience vote yes.
Senator, if there is no CBO score before the vote, you must vote NO, regardless! Score from any other source not acceptable.
Why don't you take the same "health care"  you're trying to shove down our throats?  Something wrong with it?  Not good enough for you?
BCRA isn't better for Ohioans and you know it. Work with dems to make the ACA better and cover MORE people, not 22 mill less! #VoteNoBCRA
Medicaid provides for my mental health care, and has literally saved my life.  Please protect it!
This bill will devastate Ohio. Don't cave to a bill prepared in a back room w/o debate.  You would be screaming if the Dems did this
Democrats are your colleagues, too.   And some of your constituents.
Thank you, Now can you please stand up and tell your base and colleagues that we have been attacked by Russia and from within the Whitehouse
Senator, if this is your standard - ALL - you must vote NO.  This bill will devastate health services for the #disabled. #medicaid cuts NO.
Be bipartisan- don't sell us out - #SaveACA #saveMedicaid  repair not repeal #countrybeforeparty #principalsinaction
Don't support this bill, please! It's not the answer to our health care problems. It makes them worse, especially for people w/ pre-existing
This one does not!!  My daughter at 3 had cancer...pre existing condition.  VOTE NO!!!
@senrobportman LET IT DIE ON ITS OWN Mr President! NO BUYING THERE VOTES! SAY NO TO GOVT RUNNING THE INSURANCE industry FREEDOM!!!!! Please
For the love of God, don't support this hideous healthcare bill. It's medieval in its cruelty. Country over party. You'll never regret it.
I hope that the GOP will work with Dems to fix the ACA. Help the USA. Reach across the aisle and do what is needed! We're counting on u.
Then you have to vote no on #Trumpcare.  How many Ohioans will lose insur?  The most vulnerable - poor, sick and old -- will suffer the most
We know what's in the new bill and how bad it is. Why don't you?
So ... your colleagues consist entirely of 11 male Republicans?
Please work with ALL of your colleagues. Not just the ones with an R after their name.
So you are advocating SINGLE PAYER Like Germany and many others have ?
You made pledges to replace with a  healthcare bill that was good for Ohioans.  This bill is NOT.  A bipartisan fix of ACA is best. Vote  NO
Then say no to BCRA, insist on a DIVERSE group working openly on fixing ACA w/open hearings. Anything less is an affront to Ohioans.
I hope by 'colleagues' you mean Democrats
Everything you accuse ACA of is #TrumpCare & worse. #CBOScore: 22M+ Americans lose HC & $720B deficit in 2027. Vote NO if you give a damn.
Then work with the Democrats & stop this nonsense
When this bill has crashed and burned - in about 5 years, and people have died and plans suck, you will find it hard to get re-elected.
This reopens the door for penalizing those with pre existing conditions. Please vote no
Good, because the souls that will be lost will be on all of your hands if you don't
#opioidepidemic is not addressed by this bill.

Stand up for us - stand up against @GOP and #Putin
You will continue to act out of greed and exploit your most vulnerable constituents.
This is a great moment for you to do just that. As your constituent I hope you focus on what's best for all Ohioans. We are paying attn
It's time to make necessary improvements to the ACA! It's what the overwhelming majority of Americans want! Listen to ur constituents!
Thank you for caring for all Ohioans but please know that cutting Medicaid will harm kids & families @schubertcenter
This plan does nothing to help the #opioidcrisis The money in the bill wouldn't touch the problem!
No, your State isn’t special. EVERYONE needs Healthcare - don’t be bought off by Bitch McConnell - we’re gonna vote him out.
Ahhhh....here we go: Your motivation isn't taking care of us at all, is it.
ALERT: Cruz Amendment good enough for us, but not good enough for US Senators. They are exempt.

https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=entry&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via @voxdotcom
The AMA, FAH, AHA, ANA and the US public are all against the AHCA. Professionals and patients united. Choose people over politics. Vote NO.
PLEASE don't kill ACA! Have courage-vote NO against horrible GOP bill!
If you don't  cross the aisle & work with ALL of your colleagues, you're doing it wrong. @SenSherrodBrown stands ready to help. Call him!
Read it carefully, Senator. New bill still leaves our most vulnerable Medicaid recipients without coverage. Not good enough.
Work with, as in improve #ACA, not repeal and replace with worse, right? That means no to McConnell's new scam, correct?
Be honest and admit this: ACA is now compromised b/c of GOP inaction, obstruction, and now insurer uncertainty.
Your colleagues are making ACA fail INTENTIONALLY so they can pass this mess. No more party first. Do the right thing for the people.
We are waiting. We want to hear you say it. Say 'NO' to trumpcare. This is our life.  This is your job. We all have a lot on the line.
We do not want trumpcare. Fix the ACA. Do not allow the DC cronies to buy you out or twist your arm. Stand strong for Ohio and your people.
Please vote no. I'm not your constituent but your vote will affect my child who has DS and will rely on Medicaid as she becomes an adult.
vote no
Vote no on this healthcare bill...work toward single payer a system now
The two halves of that sentence are incompatible
Pls vote no. Still has the cuts to Medicaid, allows ins. to discriminate pricing/coverage for pre-existing conditions & allows coverage caps
Why do I have a hard time believing you?
Call R. Portman at 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first& last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns. #Trumpcare
13 Sen knowingly facilitated creation of HC bill that will kill millions.I have met dozens Ohioans w/pre exsisting conditions who will die.
Don't vote for this new bill without any hearings or input from experts in the field including hospitals and doctors, and economists. SAD
So that's a no on the bill?
Let us know what it is!
VOTE NO... work with Dems to fix ACA
Quit wasting time trying to repeal the ACA. That is an essential step.
So does that mean you won't bite that opioid carrot they're dangling in front of you? Are you just a one hit wonder? Ignore poor, elderly?
If the new plan isn't good enough for members of Congress, then why is it good enough for the People? You are exempting yourselves! Vote NO!
Medicaid may have suggestions for how to assure coverage statewide. Create zones that all participating plans must cover to participate.
What will work for all Americans is #UniversalHealthcare.  England can do it, France can do it, Canada can do it, etc. but not the USA - SAD
How about you work with @SenSherrodBrown ? #MedicareForAll
This bill makes premiums too expensive for less fortunate. Reduces fed obligations to eventually zero contribution to states. Vote No!
You and your colleagues do not deserve better healthcare than the rest of us.  That will be a huge f u to the American people.  Don't do it.
Senator Portman you could be a hero! Do the right thing!! Vote NO!!!
Please remember that it is impossible to cut Medicaid without harming children, or limiting access to substance abuse treatment #putkids1st
we are holding you to that Rob ............ #StopTrumpCare
As this process moves forward, I will continue to work to cover my ass to ensure I can run for office again.
Preserve Medicaid!
@senrobportman please listen to your constituents and vote against the senate health care bill that guts Medicaid.
lying coward
@senrobportman Please do work with your colleagues. And BTW, your colleagues are not ONLY Republicans.
YOU can be the one to start a real bipartisan process to make health care better. Please speak up now  and say that you'll #VoteNO on BCRA
Then please do not jump on board with the "new" @GOP bill

Vote NO and then vote to guarantee CSR payments.
I hope that means your Democratic colleagues, as well.
So it's a no from you?  Doubtful...
When you say colleagues does that include the congressional delegation from the state you represent?
Fix ACA!

Woman who voted for Trump compares ObamaCare repeal to "zombie apocalypse" http://hill.cm/KNpOLp1  
Thank you Senator! It's a mess right now and not one bit of help from the dems.
45 Billion toward the opioid crisis is a step but do not dare to use that as an excuse to vote yes.  Work with dems to improve the ACA.
So does that means you will be voting NO on the GOP take away healthcare bill? State and Country over party!
Do the right thing, vote no. The amended bill is worse than the first.
Well so far what you've come up with works better for no one. So maybe try working harder.
A bill that harms millions of Americans is not worth saving political face. Republican or Democrat.
And that means....
With #Trumpcare 22 million more Americans will lose health insurance. Premiums will rise. We will all be worse off for it.
The GOP is trying to sneak #TrumpCare by the Senate. This steals $800 BILLION from the sick&poor and gives that money to the RICHEST 2%. WTF
It's a disgrace that we have to call, email and tweet begging you not to kill us. What joke. Have a spine.
Where are you?!? Susan Collins is front and center...already saying no to this bill. You KNOW how this will hurt OH. Stop hiding from us.
Does this new bill still permit skyrocketing increases in premiums aimed at those aged 60-65?  That is not acceptable Senator!

Please work with Dems to improve Obamacare.  Do not repeal.  Thank you.
So you and your friends are going to get the gov. out of the healthcare industry and let the free market work for once?
Need bipartisan effort to tweak Obamacare.  Improvements needed but don't trash it!
Vote NO on Trumpcare; do NOT repeal Obamacare.  Unconscionable to put healthcare of millions in jeopardy.
Not the Mitchcare system I hope. How many would that kill?
Please, vote no on this health care bill. Vote as if it's your mother & your son. If it's not good enough for your family, it's no good4Ohio
Although I like that you are finally talking about healthcare. I'd like to know the EXACT criteria under which you will support/oppose
Looks like Susan Collins is willing to take the heat and do the right thing. But will you, Senator Portman? 
Still deep cuts to Medicaid in Senate bill. Will vote no on MTP. Ready to work w/ GOP & Dem colleagues to fix flaws in ACA.
GOP pls stop sabotaging #ACA & work w/Dems to improve it. GOP plan is cruel: It takes away annual caps & defunds medicare #Shame #VoteNoBCRA
Don't appeal Obamacare . The new plan isn't good for working people
ALL Ohioans? Or just the 1%?
They/we are calling on you to be the hero for OHIO and US. VOTE NO!!
OPPORTUNITY NOW: Only 1 more GOP Senator needs to publicly announce they won't support a Motion to Proceed vote & Trumpcare is done.…
Just like he sold out your ISP information  for a mere $89,350.00

@KellyannePolls please provide list potential employers for my son. He is 10 YO, fun-loving, kind, great team player; also on life support 
211,865.00 Campaign Contributions from Pain Management Industry
Authored bill that aimed at attacking the opioid epidemic "With Treatment"
Its about who donates the most to Portman


.@wholeexpanse, who has spinal muscular atrophy and depends on Medicaid for his care, shares his fears about what cuts could mean for him: 
By colleagues, do you mean Democrats and Republicans? Or only your side? #countrybeforeparty
it's a bad bill, Ron
Insurance lobbying group blasts 'Cruz provision' in GOP health bill -
Recent Trumpcare bill still cuts Medicaid and Cruz amendment increases costs for all but healthy. Disasterous bill for Ohio. Vote no!
BCRA 2.0 will deny health care to your constituents.  #VoteNoBCRA
Your colleagues include Democrats and Independents. Please work with all of your colleagues in the Senate.
Vote no on this mess, fix aca
Great! Start by working with @SenSherrodBrown & let's get back to civility, common sense, & bipartisanship. #Ohio should lead this effort
Please publicly announce you are voting no.
Call it what it is.
It's not a "health care" bill.  It's a despicable scheme to deny people health care & give tax breaks to the wealthy.
Aka "wealthcare"
I would like the same healthcare that YOU have & WE pay for, my cost is $300 month w/$5k deduct that I have paid 5yrs in a row
Then give some guidance to insurers
GOP is making the ACA fail from uncertainty
Uncertainty from the GOP according to insurers. Criminal.
all of them or just the complicit @GOP ?
Still deep cuts in Medicaid w caps. Older and sicker people will have higher costs. Wait for CBO score to see how many will lose healthcare.
Please list the expert orgs/individuals who say this plan is a good idea. Please hold public hearings. Why would you not? /1
Only a fool would think this plan is a good idea. Two pools, one for healthy that covers nothing and one for sick? Obvs everyone will /2
"If it's what you say I love it especially later in the summer." 

―Donald J. Trump, Jr.  
#WTFComrade 
Add yourself and your colleagues to this new healthcare system with all the rest of us. Fix the ACA. #ShameOnYou
I feel the swaying willow branch for big profit Pharma and Insurance tax breaks at the expense of all Ohioans
I'm from OH and I ask you to vote No on GOP healthcare bill b/c without it, children will die and the elderly will suffer! Your vote matters
Single payer is what the VA is and Canada, look at the mess their in
Free Market works.
4,149 Ohioans died from unintentional drug overdoses in 2016: coroners say 2017 overdose fatalities R outpacing 2016
It's like drugs, just say NO senator
"by colleagues, I mean Republicans in backrooms."
Vote NO to this trash bill and reconvene with  bipartisan plan, don't allow the @GOP and @SenateMajLdr to decimate Ohioans healthcare !!!
Looks like its going to be single payer, horrible
"by 'continue', I mean 'start'."
All the political lies & deals you've made are becominG known. You don't care about us. You don't deserve your pension or healthcare.
Please wait for the CBO score. Here's a primer on the new bill that won't make this better for Ohioans or Americans.
Average premiums going down was the biggest talking point out of the original score. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/26/upshot/a-few-bright-spots-for-republicans-the-rest-could-be-scored-as-grim.html …

BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office refutes White House claim that Trump plan would balance budget within decade.
It is obvious that the Republicans do not have a "Replace". The TAX CUT FOR THE WEALTHIEST PEOPLE must go!
Nothing says "strong leadership" like being wishy washy on a bill with 19% approval. You're spineless.
Senate bill only has 12%. And all expert orgs/individuals say it's terrible.
If you want me to continue being an Ohioan, you'd better protect my ability to stay on my medications
Insurance 101: Eliminating covered benefits and reducing enrollment does NOT = lowering costs. People still get sick; cost do not fade away.
Great to hear that, Senator, as long as "all" means "ALL". There are a lot of people on Medicaid in Ohio, as I'm sure you know.
The process at this point should be stop. It should not go for a vote. It is time to work with the Democrats to fix ACA not repeal it. 1/2
The Dimms want single payer and the Republicans are fighting among themselves
You have a choice - you can go down in history as a hero, or somebody who helped kill thousands of people!
Medicare for all is what we want. Vote no on #Trumpcare
Vote No on Trumpcare 3 !
Could I have a second helping of vague please? @OH15Constituent @OHDems
Vague? Portman has an endless supply.
