Thank you for saying something. I hope you will continue to do so-all need to be respected.
what values when you stay silent on the #MuslimBan?
they must obey the laws of this country. That's the bottom line. Quit trying to be a liberal!
Way to stand up for the people of Ohio!!! now say no to Sessions and Pruitt
thank you for speaking up, but do not stop here. condemn these racist, xenophobic policies. don't let this be america's face
, yes we do!  Thanks for your eloquent words on @jaketapper #nomuslimban
thank you for your reasonable and thoughtful statement.
thank you for this
no, what we need are senators and judges who will enforce them. Why have laws then if you ignore them.
Today's a good day for getting on the right side of history. Clearly, Americans aren't willing to live in fear and repression
complete gibberish, Senator...but then that's what ur good at--isn't it?
Thank you for standing up and speaking out against Trump. Hopefully more in the GOP will join you.
and what are you going to do about it? #stopsessions and stand up against bannon! racism and bigotry have no place here!
Thank you Senator.
Wow! I'm impressed with a Republican standing with the people.
It is the responsibility of GOP members in both the House & Senate to impeach deranged President Trump.
Glad to hear you speak out! Will you support @SenFeinstein's bill to curb abuse?
Thank you! This ban will just increase terrorism as ISIS will have further evidence that America hates Islam.
Respect for Sen Portman's voice/position/sense reaching across partisan lines #NoBanNoWall #WhyWeMarch
here, here. Now go get all your buddies to do something! Treason!
Thank you for remembering you are an American before anything else.
We need a better #NationalSecurityCouncil. #SteveBannon IN, #JointChiefs OUT is INSANE.What plan would THIS make?
thank you from a grateful constituent! #toledo #NoBanNoWall #nomuslimban
THANK YOU SO MUCH... OHIO PROUD!!!
Still a constituent, & thanks for this much. But, um, what was that about the Visa Waiver Program? 
Sen, original thought?  Sounds like exact words of Gov Kasich. Hummm.
Thank you for speaking up! @senrobportman @CNNSotu @jaketapper
Thank you Senator Portman for your level-headed and thoughtful response to this.
no kidding
thank you for standing up against tyranny. I pray your fellow republicans also grow a spine.
You are a snake.  Thank you for exposing who you are.
thank you!
Senator...U MIGHT get my vote next time if u keep talking sensibly & vote conscience NOT party.WATCHING!
Thank you for standing up for our values! Suggestion: no Sessions confirmation vote until ban is lifted.
Thank you for speaking up in the face of this budding authoritarianism. More Republicans need to do the same.
...executive order from DJT. You are elected to stand up for Ohioans and defend the Constitution. @SenSherrodBrown got the response right.
Thank you for your response, but please know that Ohio voters are looking for a much stronger response to denounce this unconstitutional ...
please get Republicans together to fix this or we will own it like President Obama and Democrats own the inaction in Syria.
Thanks for responding. Since you agree this move from @realdonaldtrump was inappropriate, it’s time for action beyond words.
our values as a country...How bout let's find out what OUR values are #sickofpoliticians spouting values
funny how Obama did a ban in 2011 and THAT was ok. I support the ban.Iexpect you to as my representative
Thank you for standing up against this.  I hope you also speak out on DeVos as well.
thank you for speaking up, Senator
Be clear - are you against the Muslim ban?
thank you for speaking out. Please look at the data re: criminal activity by refugees. #s don't support increased vetting.
Thank you for your thoughtful response.
Thank you for your reasonable response to this atrocity. Ohio is counting on you to rep our state well.
glad this is your position, now time to fight the White House with other Republicans
Thank you for speaking out against this exec order. Hopefully you will go further to condemn #MuslimBan
Now you are talking @senrobportman can we all work together as one...United!
If we see all Muslims as jihadists he would have included all muslim countries. He did NOT Rob Portman!!
Thank You. Now don't let up until you accomplish it.
Portman quit spewing crap!
stand strong. Signed, used to be red in a far far away time.
you start a better plan by going against the trump admin- you hold the power to speak up for Ohioans
where is your plan?
A ban on a religious group is also not the way to do it.  Represent American Values, not Trump delusions
You forgot something. It needs to be constitutional.
religuos prosecution.. ain't there something in the constitution about that.IMPEACH trump
Ohioans and their families are being affected by the #RefugeeBan right now. Stand up and fight for them!
Isupport your views on Russian sanctions, but you need to take a stronger stance on the #RefugeeBan
the nation is looking for courageous ethical leadership right now. Be that.
we appreciate your finding your testicles now - better late than never - now please help make this right
Much easier to find them 5 years out from a primary challenge.
Good baby step, Senator! Speak out more, your constituents are listening and taking note!
Well done, Senator. Please keep speaking common sense on #MuslimBan and Russia policy.
then stand up to trump and bannon and start making smart policies that fit the interest of all Americans.
indeed. Thank you. Can't wait to see it.
#NoBanNoWall Please work harder to ensure any plan re: refugees & immigrants is not xenophobic or racist!
Stand up to Bannon and Trump.
.@senrobportman .@CNNSotu .@jaketapper Certainly potential - let's vet them all fully. Don't be PC & endanger US citizens for votes!
The POTUS convinces others 2 voluntarily take action & reaction w/out recruiting & paying them 2 participate in civic duties.
Senator, I've strongly supported you.  Our values include keeping us safe.
thinking about making a run for governor next time around think again, we R watching
don't tell me not properly vetted tell me how going to fix it. Until you act just complacent agreement
Please continue to speak out against this Senator Portman!
really senator start speaking up against Trump we do not want his actions normalized
Thank YOU Sen. Portman.  Your constituents and the world are listening.  I appreciate you.  #MuslimBan
You need to IMPEACH Trump! He & his cronies are TRAITORS & a threat to our NATION!!!!
you sir are dreaming. The left do not know what they want or need. Much like palistians. #turncoat
Thank you for having the nerve to say SOMETHING, however mild, outside party orthodoxy.
Thank you for admitting that this "plan" was not well conceived. But you need to defend those affected.
You need to come out and condemn this Exec order. These people are legal residents and have already been vetted.
so you read the whole order ??  Send me a copy
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/01/28/politics/text-of-trump-executive-order-nation-ban-refugees/index.html … It's been ruled for stay and CBP is not following court order.
about time portman said something encouraging
In 2004 Republicans had record debt, 2 wars, torture, corrupt congress, & re elected Bush. Same nazis.
Nice first statement. Now, how about "Trump is out of control and letting fascists draft his orders"?
the Democrats are the fascists.
keep speaking out Senator Portman!!!  Country first!!!
Not sure how much credit you deserve. What are you going to do next? Opposing a monster is an easy call. Still, thank you.
There you go Portman! Keep showing voice of reason. We can disagree on a bunch but still hold basic agreement on American values!
Republicans are fascists who just added $10 trillion to the nat'l debt. What values? Deplorable times.
so fix it @CNNSotu @jaketapper
let's not neglect prosecuting #killary #clintoncrimes #haiti
