why not address the issues with the current ACA plan? Would that just be too efficient and sensible?45177
do not repeal without a BETTER replacement! Trumpcare is unacceptable
or maybe repaired? We know you are going to side with big daddy, thanks for term limits!
Hey-my faucet leaks. I guess I'll demolish the entire house and just build another one!
Two words, Universal Coverage
can't believe you just posted this. #trumpcare rammed down our throats cause you are all afraid of trump. Just modify ACA
It's a shame you didn't DO YOUR JOB for 6 yrs to help OH. A shame you want to take care away from 25M and jack up premiums.
umm repealing the ACA will cost Ohio billions and nearly 125,000 will lose their jobs. Plus the million who will lose ins.
seniors can NOT afford trumpcare
You're ignoring your constituents again. I'm seeing a lot of people it does work for. We don't want #trumpcare!
Oh Eric, how silly are you to think they are listening to any of us- their constituents! #votethemout
really? How is that Medicare expansion working for Ohio families? Please just stop.
it is working, but it can be improved. More people are insured than ever before. ACA has created jobs. Make it better.
it can't be revised? It can't be modified? Where's your innovative spirit? Let's hear some options besides replace vs. keep.
it's working great for my family. Repeal and replace?  I say Rename and Repair. The first move is a vulgar joke.
Oh wait, you don't actually care, you just want to give rich folks tax cuts. Now I get it #greed #yourebought
Damn straight, cutting out poor & making unaffordable for the old isn't right. Do what's right!@OHRepublican  @OHDems @cnn
why isn't the ACA working for OH families? I  don't understand why GOP is so bent on repealing & ask out of genuine interest
YOU need to be repealed and replaced. Obamacare works a hell of a lot better than you do in Ohio.
we need better health care plan not #alternateplan or #trumpcare or #Ryancare  but improved AFFORDABLE CARE.
#Trumpcare  is going to cost #Ohio more money and increase #taxes and #kill #children
call it what you will, the #AHCA is a clumsy and damaging modification of #ACA. Only real solution is public healthcare
You don't get it do you? #Obamacare has flaws but many due to Repubs sabatoge and greed. FIX IT and stop playing w our lives
Wouldn't it make more sense to make the proper changes to the existing ACA than risk everything and fund nothing but tax cuts
how dare you use logic to make sense!
nothing GOP proposed is doing it right
isn't working for #Ohio families & he needs to be voted out & replaced. But we need someone who actually cares.
NOT this proposed solution .  US #1 in healthcare cost .   #37 in quality .  why can Europe do it better for less ?
It needs to be modified, not repealed & certainly NOT REPLACED by AHCA. Do not support this act.
Since the CBO says the #ACA markets will stabilize on their own, why repeal anything? Do something valuable with your time!
We need the aca. If you advocate, vote 4 this garbage healthcare bill, u can kiss ur senate seat goodbye. Listen 2 the ppl!!
it works a hell of a lot better than Trump/Republicare. You say you want to do it right but your history shows you vote wrong
GOP is convinced their only answer is the word REPEAL.  If it has flaws to US citizens (not GOP pockets) just fix the flaws
No. Do your job and FIX it. That's how it works. You are so clueless.
Yes.  Please do it right.  Please fight for good health care for working people.
it's working for ME!
not with Ryans millionaire friendly deathcare
No, the ACA just needs to be fixed. The GOP just wants to give tax breaks to the rich.
#medicareforall
.@senrobportman #TrumpCare eliminates mental health & addiction coverage. A yes vote screws over vulnerable Ohioans! Fix the #ACA!
Repaired, not repealed...otherwise, families will be left without coverage.
#Trumpcare is NOT the way 2 go. Cutting off healthcare 2 the most vulnerable & older populations is terrible option #SaveACA
It's better than what we had before and better than the replacement being offered. What's wrong with fixing it? Why repeal?
yes sir, you HAVE to do it right. The garbage GOP bill isn't the right approach. The GOP had 7 years and THIS is it? Sad.
Read comments on any GOP legislator's twitter-mostly against GOP policies. Read the Democrats-mostly supporters. Why is that?
If you respected your constituents positions more than your wealthy donors (DeVos) you would not want repeal. We don't
The ACA saved my daughter's life when she aged out of my insurance. She could never afford Ryan's plan, so would lose...
coverage, not be able to get her meds, and likely land in a hospital getting only emergency care. Stop regurgitating GOP lies
#TrumpCare won't work either. You need to talk with @BernieSanders for REAL SOLUTIONS.
It is working and you know it. This new plan will make insurance unreachable for my children.
Was fine for this family. We paid a little more, 10m people had better lives. Which was ok w us. Because we're not monsters.
Enough with the "repeal and replace". You guys have no plan. Tweak what we have and call it Trumpcare-win win
why repeal and replace? Sure there needs to be improvements made but it works for many here in Ohio. Try listening to us
Trumpcare is NOT the way to do it. Please do not support this new plan.
I guess that is okay because you aren't either Senator. #Ohio
it really doesn't. Just fix it and stop trying to score political points. People's lives are at stake.
repeal and replace Trump
Could it be better? Yep. Does it work for a lot of Ohioans? Also yep.
ACA has been working great for my family. Don't mess it up!
it is the Affordable Healthcare Act and how would you know it doesn't work? Have you talked to your constituents yet?
we are watching and will vote out the congressmen and senators that don't work for us replace them!!
Thanks for standing up for Medicaid expansion. But if you want ACA repealed what is YOUR plan?? Why not keep and improve ACA?
it makes me sad that you think it should be replaced not just fixed  I care for people in the duals program it helps them!!
It's clear that you have no idea what Ohio families want.
how about starting with universal care for ALL CHILDREN since they can't have jobs and get it themselves #CommonSense #govern
says a man with subsidized healthcare. #obamacare has flaws that need fixings. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water!
when you do make sure you give up your government funded healthcare and join the alternative one you propose w/ your family.
.@senrobportman "...not working for Ohio families." Data? Facts? Numbers? Specifics? Side-by-side comparison of #ACA vs. #Trumpcare?
Please stop using rhetoric "repeal and replace"! It is not unifying. Fix what is broken with #ACA. Vote NO on the 
#AHCA
.@senrobportman In other words, your wealthiest constituents don't want to pay their fair share. And they want a massive tax cut. Top 1%.
I disagree. Some improvements can be made. Let's discuss real progress at a #TownHall
You've had 6 years to "get it right" how much longer do you need?
please vote no on the ACHA bill. I don't benefit from ACA but have seen so many people benefiting from it.
YES it IS. maybe if you took the time to listen to your constituents (town hall) you would learn that.
that's a talking point
why not just improve it; why the need to repeal? The problem is some middle income families don't receive enough subsidy
Also, a public option would provide competition in the market
you've had 7 years.
you're out of touch with your constituents. Working class Ohioans need healthcare that we can afford.
it is working for the poor and women, if you take it from us we will vote you out Senator Portman. We need PP and Medicaid expansion
It is working.  That's why @JohnKasich requested the Medicaid expansion.  You are #BadForOhio
How do u know it's not working? You won't have Town hall mtgs to hear from ur constituents. Don't repeal, improve!
Don't repeal improve!
Don't make it worse!  Listen to the CBO...they are telling you the numbers and it is a FAIL! #UWORKFORUS
We will see Senator, we will see....we are watching.
But Trumpcare not the answer! Unfairly penalizes elderly and poor. Do comparison on every Ohioan on Medicaid and ACA.
current #TrumpCare #RepublicanCare #DonTCare Is not the right approach
neither is Trumpcare!
yep: how about Medicare for all?? #HealthcareIsARight!!!
Don't back down and vote partisan. This bill is a disaster and you know it. It will hurt many Ohioans.
do you listen to your voice mails or read letters from constituents? Stop playing politics with our health!
your constituents want it fixed not repealed or replaced! DO YOUR JOB! Stop working for your party work for your people!
.@senrobportman We need to end predatory pricing. Health care cost should be transparent like other products and services.
you only care about corporate welfare not the welfare of ohioans. Rich get richer and poor get poorer. How much is your copay
you obviously don't see that your constituents want & need ACA. Fix what we have DO NOT follow party lines on this
Obamacare saved my Ohio sons life, really not working ,  I'll give you video evidence. Right you don't care! Just GOP line!
it is working for ohios families. There is work to be done but it doesn't need repealed. Stop talking and listen.
I'm elderly I can't afford  $1250 year increase in premiums, you all are in severe danger if this is repealed and replace.
ACA works for my family.  Trumpcare will be too costly for everyone I know, except a few CEO's.  Seniors will be crushed
you misspelled Congress. Congress isn't working.
"Do your Job!!!" I voted for you Dude. Lead. Make tough decisions like Kasich. God bless.
.@senrobportman It feels like our reps aren't working for ohio families.  Poor people don't deserve to die bc you guys hated Obama.
good to see you haven't deleted your original statement yet. What matters is how you vote.
both insurance plans are crap. Your a progressive fool. Both are government control. We all know you can't do anything right!
Maybe explain why the mandate for addiction treatment is being repealed at a town hall. #PortmanTownHall
how else are we going to drive down costs enough to give tax cuts to the wealthy?
Try talking to some of the millions of people for whom #ACA IS working — including entrepreneurs like me. I’m happy to meet.
No. It just needs to be tweaked. It has worked in spite of the many Republican attempts at sabotage.
the ACA needs to be improved; I would love to see Medicare for ALL..negotiate drug prices
- nobody wants a repeal.... what are you thinking?
We won't be ignored Rob!! This stinks on you if you screw this up!! And Trump of course!! No trumpcare!!!!
That's bs and you know it! Fix it and don't throw us all into the drink Portman! We're watching!!!
yes....and this crap isn't the answer.... vote no on something for once #captianyesman
My Ohioan brother has cancer saved $474 a month with ACA market plan, needs ACA. Don't hide...Come here OUR Ohioan story.
NO it doesn't need to be repealed at all. It needs a few tweaks.
and there it is. The sound of Portman turning his back on poor and elderly Ohioans. That didn't take long.
TY, I agree. But not on the back of the poorest & oldest. Please. W/the aging pop. rising, this idea is so short-sighted.
Please look out for us seniors.  Please do not increase the guaruntee of 3.5 to 5.5.  thanks
Actually IT IS working for Ohio families, if you held a town hall with Ohio families you would know that. Take it & your out
I believe it is called the affordable care act.
trump and his pals have discovered they can't outperform ACA w/o cuts somewhere. You'll find out the same with some research.
.@senrobportman Not exactly profile in courage words, but I'll take it. Now, about Russia and the tax returns?
how about just tweaking the ACA? Or better yet, a single payer system like every other industrialized country?
my 4 year old nephew has cystic fibrosis..he NEEDS the ACA
It's called Trumpcare. You can tweak Obamacare, instead you want to support the very rich. Trumpcare, you own it.
it's working much better than the proposed alternative. Vote no!
forgo the health insurance US taxpayers pay for you & your family. Pay 100% of costs out of pocket until there's a solution
Better be a better replacement cos if you add to the problems, you own it and that could cost a lot.
It needs tweaked. The "repeal and replace" is bullshit. You've had 8 years to come up with a plan. Sad!
Trumpcare will leave 700K Ohioans without coverage. Their deaths will be ON YOU.
You are completely incorrect.
How do you know?   You haven't had a townhall to find out what's working for us.
The Affordable Care Act has benefitted my family. Improvements need made. A revision would serve us better than repealing.
Quality of healthcare shouldn't depend on what state you live in,  your income  or your age.
.@senrobportman  improve don't repeal.
it works great for my family...
.@senrobportman who paid you to say this? Cause it wasn't your constituents.
actually the ACA esp the Medicaid expansion, is working great in OH according to OH Dept of Medicaid.
just fix what's wrong with the ACA and stop trying to take away insurance from millions. Hold a friggin townhall.
racist speech!!
No, what's not working is your mouth speaking against Trump and now Steve King! Dude we don't see you tweeting or acting on
The #ACA is working fine for us. U'd know how it really is if u had a town hall.
“#Obamacare isn’t working for #Ohio millionaires & it needs to be made more punitive to the poor.”
It needs improved not repeal/replace. I haven't seen a bill that tackles the real issue with healthcare, skyrocketing costs.
How about just fixed?
- How do you know?  You don't meet with many of your constituents. Do a TOWNHALL!
fun fact Ohio is one of the states who benefitted the most from Medicaid expansion in the ACA.  Reform don't repeal.
did you hear there was a new Ryan plan on the table?  Care to comment on it?? 24 million losing insurance
You ever been w/o health insurance?  Stop robbing the poor to feed the pockets of the rich! NO TRUMPCARE!
your Republican COB says it's doing just fine?
vote no and show some courage!!!
it IS working for Ohio families.  And throwing 24 million people off insurance is inexcusable.
Trumpcare doesn't work. Vote against it unless done right.
Are you sure? I'm an Ohioan & it worked for my family when husb was in & out of work for nearly 2 yrs (+ I was pregnant).
Universal healthcare
Obamacare is working. It would work better if we taxed the rich their fair share: MORE.
Amen sister
That is interesting because everyone I know that has it says it is working fine. Might want to check the actual data.
Obamacare isn't perfect but it's working here. Just fix the things that need fixing. Republican plan is death to America.
#republicare is pure kleptocracy. The fact that we don't have a single-payer system is an embarrassment.
You have had years to come up with a workable equitable plan. Why the rush now for something crappy?
it is working.I have friends in it who say it works.   I have a son on it.It works for him too.   Quit protecting the rich
Big words. How will you vote? Trump and Ryan haven't changed a thing in their plan.
Obamacare is working for me.  It's YOU who isn't working for me.
the ACA works for my family.  #Trumpcare will cost me much more and my children will go uninsured. Please repair not replace
There are going to be a lot of angry Ohioans when their Medicaid and insurance is ripped from them. You want to risk that???
#TrumpCare will be worse for Ohio families. Except those wealthy individuals receiving the tax cut.
.@senrobportman Trumpcare/Ryandontcare is not the way.
You should have to use #Trumpcare  you wouldn't be so excited then.
Yes it is, sick grandson has coverage. You just do not get it.
Ryancare is not the answer!!
this message brought to you by the health insurance industry. And sponsored in part by Big Pharma.
town hall so you can hear how vital #ACA is to Ohioans. #TrumpdoesntCare will leave ohioans broke and lacking health care
The current proposal is awful and needs to include funding for @PPact planned parenthood!!!
It's working better than the alternatives.
RyanTrumpCare falls way short Senator, why not a real effort this time?
Fine. So please maintain your spine when Trumpcare hits the Senate floor and vote "NO."
NOOOOO!  THAT'S NOT WHAT OHIO WANTS!  #listentoyourconstituents #REALTownHallNOW #savetheACA #defendandamend #TRUMPCAREKILLS
For clarification, we want you to oppose this pile of poo, so thanks for outlining your concerns, but #norepealandreplace.
it is working well and you know it. #Trumpcare will be a disaster!
You should talk to Ohio families at a town hall.
how much did your friends pay you to say that?
