Come hold one up north. I'd like 2 speak 2 you about not defunding Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program since you don't respond 2 my mail
Yes!! Getting ready to start my msw and I'm scared to death!! #PayoffPortman only cares about lining his own pockets
Nope. You should actually hold a townhall with people who won't get fired for asking tough questions #tryagain #NoAHCA @Indivisiblefire
Please quite lying. This isn't an townhall if it isn't open to all you constituents.
When is your next town hall meeting? (Request #133)
I keep trying to send polite, professional letters to his office... i keep getting form letter information-free responses...
You actually get a reply? You lucky cluckery duckery.
well, i do my best to keep it civil... the language I would prefer yo address portman in isn't so much...
This is hilarious. Do you really think anyone is gonna fall for this nonsense? 
I think Rob is afraid.
Not a townhall when people are not in a place where they can speak freely.
How about a town hall with your CONSTITUENTS regarding healthcare and other vital issues?
You must be a part of the collusion with Russia! Otherwise you wouldn't be so scared of a #RealTownHall #TryAgain #WeWontForget
A townhall you didn't invite the majority of your constituents to?  Why are you so afraid of us?
how about a town hall for the public so that we can discuss our concerns?
A town hall is where the public is invited. You had a meeting with a company's employees. That was private. Shame on you for trying to lie.
When are you going to hold a public townhall?
Nice try but not a town hall. You're failing your constituents. Ohio will not vote for you again. #doyourjob #partyorcountry
Looks like it was in a building owned by Campbell's, not one owned by a municipality. Town Halls are in a town hall.
Did you explain to them why your taking their health care away for tax cuts? DO YOUR JOB
This is NOT a town hall. This is a private exclusive meeting. You are hiding from your constituents.
LOL is an "employee townhall" a practice run for the real thing? Because it doesn't count for shit.
Are we expected to believe those employees felt free to ask tough questions?
What a farce! A town hall is public and open. Stop playing games and meet us publicly.
That's not a town hall.

Employees are restricted f/ open communication.

#getadictionary
#ChickenRob
#REALTownHallNOW
Why is Portman still afraid to meet the people of Cleveland?
Still hiding Rob.
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL.  Town Halls are open to the PUBLIC. Not just employees of donor corporations.
Oh, bullshit Rob. We don't buy that lie. Stop calling donor meetings town halls. Your making us sick with the lying. Just stop yourself.
NOT a Town Hall. When will you face your constituents, @senrobportman? #resist
Townhalls involve people in the town. So this was open to the public?
They all have jobs at a large stable employer...how nice for them and you. What about everyone else?
Do you think employees at their jobs during the work day can speak freely? Sir, please host a town hall open to the public. #dontbescared
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.218
Stop. Just stop calling them townhalls! You mock Ohioans who want you to hold a legitimate in-person townhall.
That is not a town hall.
Why do you only do "town halls" with businesses? Are business leaders the only constituents from whom you wish to hear? #Iamaconstituenttoo
are any of your town halls open to your constituents?
Fraud.
A meeting not open to the public  IS NOT A TOWN HALL!  How many times do we have to tell you this?
Calling bullshit on this one! Can't be a townhall unless you invite the town. Please hear us when we tell you not to vote for the AHCA!
Did you discuss impeachment? Why are you still supporting a Pres that lauds dictators and offends our allies? Do you really support that?
It's not a townhall unless it's open to THE PUBLIC. meet with your constituents!!! You don't want to hear how much we hate yr health bill?
Why do you keep calling these town halls? Not even close.
So how big does my business and political donations have to be to get a real town hall Rob?
The guy at the park talking to the birds, trees, and squirrels still held a better #TownHall than @senrobportman everyone was invited.
An employee group is nice.  But where will your open town hall meetings begin?
Hey @MerriamWebster could you clarify what a Townhall is? My senator @senrobportman is confusing a Townhall with a company meeting...
An "employee town hall"? That's a new one! 
That is not a townhall
So where do you stand on Trumpcare?  I sincerely hope your staff is not as foolish as the House.  Vote it down.
Not a single positive response. @senrobportman's twitter manager needs to review vocabulary & audience. We want real #TownHalls in #Ohio!
Townhall? What town is that? I live in Columbus, when is our Townhall?
what conclusion did you come to Senator Portman??
#GOP doesn't care isn't it obvious by now?? #VOTETHEMOUT!!! #OHIO
I'm fruatrated by your alternative facts. Was the town invited?If not it isn't a #TownHall .You're a coward. Stop avoiding your constituents
hi, an employee town hall doesn't work, there is a fear of reprisal because you are at work.
Absolutely. I would be apprehensive about some subjects being discussed at work. The bosses have different politics.
Talk is cheap. We need action.
Not. A. Townhall.
Shame Sen. Portman! The correct term for this is a MEETING.A townhall is held w/ inherent understanding that anyone in the TOWN may attend.
For your contributors?
Did you notify the people requesting a town hall?
Unnamed location, maybe Napoleon?  Your staff should create better posts for you, Senator.  I think you could handle real town hall.
Lucky them. Likely not to say anything upsetting to you for fear of retaliation by the employer. Way to get a friendly audience.
If you were a CEO of some lg Corp then it would be a employee townhall. You're not, that was a Staff Meeting! #staffmeeting #usuck
A townhall is open to the public. I know you can do better. I have no confidence in @RepBradWenstrup
That's not a #TownHall. That is #pandering.  A town hall is not prescreened. It's for the whole town. 

Genius try though.
How about an #IndependentCommission, Rob, so we can find out what's really going on?
This is a campaign stop not a town hall. Do your job.
NOT. A. TOWNHALL.   If the meeting isn't open to the town i.e. the public then it's just a corporate event.  Please don't try to mislead us.
That's not a town hall
Good.  Next time, invite the Ohioans.
Rob, you shame the words weak and small
You are not representing us if you won't meet with us in person!
He only does town halls with safety nets
How about a Townhall in Cleveland for your constituents?
If you don't work for the companies Portman visits, you're out of luck asking questions and sharing your views on current legislation.
An employee town hall is not the same as meeting with all of your constituents at a regular town hall. We would like a town hall. 45840
Um. This isn't a town hall.
Had lunch with some colleagues today.  Town hall?
Your tax reform bill will harm poor/middle class.  RAA will NOT create jobs.  AHCA will literally kill people.  Those are the facts Rob.
Looking forward to a town hall playing poker with some friends later.
Had a great town hall with the wife and kids at dinner today.
Town Hall? NOT!
Be nice of you'd talk to all your constituents
Quit calling them town hall meetings! U can only call them that when everyone is invited! Stop being a chicken $h!t & face ur constituents
It isn't a town hall if all your constituents aren't invited.  Get real and have a real town hall meeting.
Why can't you have a forum for all Ohioans? You are leaving out the majority of your constituents.
This is a terrible example of public official
Do you actually think your constituents believe a damn thing you say? Controlled corporate MEETINGS are not public townhalls.
Safe spaces, Rob. ControlledSafeSpaces. You lack the courage, guts, and cajones to show up in a public venue and face your constituents.
An employee townhall?! Wha? Not a townhall if you don't invite THE TOWN.  When is that happening please?
Mr. Portman, you have time for this event, but no time to hold a Town Hall for your constituents? No time for panels/talks? No time for us?
How about a public town hall in #Toledo? #SilentRob
Neat.  How about a real townhall for the rest of us?
How much did that company contribute to your campaign? Stop hiding from your voters.  #coward #traitor
Also just read that Trump is ready to roll back Fed rule that employers cover birth control. Barbaric! Misogynistic, sexist, and cruel.
Not only does @robportman get to hand select crowds, he doesn't get hard ??? since folks can't freely ask ??? since their bosses are there
THAT DOESN'T COUNT! That's a safe little fundraiser. C'mon Rob! We're not going to take this! @CbusIndivisible
You talk, talk, talk, but you NEVER listen!
Rob needs to spend a night or two in the box.
I'm a SAHM because my son has a rare chromosome disorder that made him medically fragile. When will you hold a town hall for me?
Quit calling a captive, paid audience a town hall.  They are at their place of employment & can't speak freely...but u know that, don't you
You actually showed up, talked, didn't threaten or attack anybody or leave early or dismiss or insult anybody? That should be headline news
Also Employee Townhalls aren't town halls. They're just a meeting among a company.
Please don't pass anything looking remotely like AHCA. Ohio will be worse without funds to provide preventative care & treat opioid crisis.
I'm sorry but you should have made it public.
This is not a townhall.
It is a meeting.
What about the rest of us? https://www.facebook.com/sara.jobin.1/videos/10155405692120990/ …
It's obvious that you lack the intestinal fortitude to meet with your constituents and defend your frankly questionable choices.
When will you have an actual and public town hall?
Not a townhall if the whole town isn't invited. I'm from a New England town that still does these.
A meeting with a curated group of people is most definitely not a 'town hall'.
You cannot call them town halls when the town isn't invited!
when will you host a public town hall? #ihavequestionsforyou #GOPcoward
