Starting with current president. #auditdoesnotmatter. perhaps a lead by example approach would work fantastically here. #showmethemoney
#nomoretrickledown
Congress should make releasing trumps tax returns to the American ppl a top priority! Vote to require release of trumps tax returns.
It's also a reminder that the American people demand transparency into @realDonaldTrump's potential conflicts of interest. #TrumpTaxReturns
While #taxevader plays golf and uses our money to pay for missles we could be using it to invest in our future. But you remain silent.
SUBPOENA TRUMP TAX RETURNS FIRST. Why do you want to give a lying, fraudulent huckster special tax treatment? DO YOUR JOB. DO YOUR JOB.
Let's start with insisting that POTUS releases his tax returns, please.
This is absurd. #trump wastes more money than anyone. You should have a problem with that. And we still want to see his taxes.
You forgot to add only for the rich. Screw the middle class
@senrobportman Did you by chance see the nationwide protests requesting the @POTUS tax returns? Here in your home state, too!!
What type of reform. Start with a law that requires Trump to release his taxes. Then close all loopholes for the 1% so they pay their share
Why would any of us want to pay our taxes, when POTUS and his family are living large on our tax dollars at Mar a Lago? Extortion
What's new, what leader don't?
But u sit silent as Trump wastes millions on golf trips & maintaining a second household in NYC. More tax cuts for  rich=GOP plan,no thanks!
It is also a reminder that @realDonaldTrump hasn't shown us his.  How are the new tax reforms going to benefit him and his cronies? Tell us.
It should remind you that 45 still hasn't shown us his returns. Are you covering for him Rob?
Where are your presidents taxes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please ask Trump to release his taxes.
And.... see Trumps tax returns first. Tax reform, yes. Trump's return. YES! Plz push for it.
And while you're at it, can you do something about him spending so much of our taxpayer dollars for weekly vacations to Florida?
I'm afraid they will mess that up. If deductions of any kind are kept they will grow in numbers again for the powerful and wealthy. FLAT TAX
And we need to see how any changes in the tax code might affect our president and his family.
We want to see @realDonaldTrump taxes. And can He stay at the white house? Spend his own money. Hypocrites!
demand @realDonaldTrump release his tax returns. We have to know how he is profiting from presidency. @SenSherrodBrown
And Republicans should compel Pres. Trump to release his tax returns. Most Americans support this.
You have been proclaiming tax reform without any substance, What is your vision for tax reform? besides simple less for corporations....
I mailed mine in so poor Trump has money to go golfing. 
Is it economic growth, job creation, tax reform, the environment, drug trafficking, or sex trafficking?
What we don't need is typical R tax cuts only for wealthy, but I'm sure thats whats in store. We MUST see Trump taxes.
Why not meet with your constituents and discuss your tax reform. No tax reform without #45's returns @realdonaldtrump.
We must see Trump's taxes. Now.
Tax the rich
And demand @realDonaldTrump show us his taxes. #crookedDonald
#TaxReturns #whatishehiding
Tax day is an important reminder that @GOP needs to force @POTUS to release his tax returns! The country deserves to know where he stands!
How bout we make it fair? Corps, rich people & churches pay their fair share!--broken back middle class woman.#TrumpRussia
Let's start by seeing @realDonaldTrump 's tax returns THAT would be the first step in reforming taxes, finding which ones he wants to save!
I want trumps taxes released.   Come on Portman.  Grow some.  Demand his taxes
Maybe we can audit the pentagon so the American people can finally understand what exactly we're paying for.
To pay for the tax reform that republicans want, we must first gut the American health care system.
we need to see the "leaders" tax returns...this will be over his head every day he is in office..and trust levels will go even lower...
Don't you mean reform to help the 1%?
Tax reform to benefit the 98%, no regressive sales taxes, no wall.
And that we want to see Trump’s taxes.
It's a reminder that YOU have done NOTHING to demand transparency of Trump's tax returns. DO YOUR JOB and listen to your constituents.
It also serves as a great reminder that potus still has not fulfilled his promise to release his tax returns.
Because the GOP wants tax reform that helps the middle-class and not the rich, right? We need only look at Trump's Admin. to see that lie.
Trump tax release first.
Hey Rob, can we see your taxes since you won't help us see @POTUS ? #goodjobrob #resist #Ohio #TrumpTaxes
bollocks!!! this is a democracy. We pay taxes so we don't starve to death like the people in NK ( dumbed down for trump idiots)
As a citizen of Ohio I'm asking for you to propose a bill to eliminate the income tax. Replace with #FairTax.
The potus said not paying taxes makes him smart. Maybe noone should pay taxes
Do you have specifics of the type of reforms you personally would be interested in?  Reform is great term but specifics is policy
Not until Trump shows us his taxes.  We need to know if he's passing laws to benefit himself.
..and Congress should get djt to release his taxes!  What is he hiding?  Don't u want to know?  How can u trust any tax reform he supports?
Here's an important reminder on #TaxDay: 74% of Americans want to see Trump's taxes. We deserve to know who's ruling our ruler. #dosomething
MAKE. IT. FLAT!!!!
Yeah preach it to Humpty Trumpty. You guys want tax breaks for rich while burdening middle-lower classes. Shame on you #taxday2017
Thanks for letting @realDonaldTrump waste our #taxdollars on unneeded trips to Florida and golfing. Fiscal hawks you are not #sad

Congress needs 2 make #independentinvestigation, #specialprosecutor, #trumpstaxes a top priority. #wakeup #whatareyoudoing #REALTownHallNOW
President Obama set a record for consecutive months of job growth after Bush's recession. Republicans whined & obstructed.
