Good speech until fact check & find it was loaded with half truths and lies.  Hold Trump to his promise to release his taxes
.@senrobportman felt like @Potus just lectured those of us who aren't on board with his harmful and shortsighted policies. #AmericanSpirit
is a shameless user. He blames everyone else for the SEALs death then uses the widow for show.
This man lost the popular vote for a reason.
...issues like imaginary truths are legitimate facts, for instance. Way to kill a democracy...kudos.
President did great. If he does a quarter of what he says. There won't be a dem in office for 50 years
Listen. Truly listen and u will hear the sound of a democratic society being vilified. Then know your inaction condoned it.
I hope you do what's right for the Ohios people. I have left messages, your office took my email - said I'd hear back from u
is this reaching out to bring our country together
BREAKING: PA Attorney General: Trump told us "sometimes it's the reverse," when asked about anti-Semitic threats and attacks. 
Source?

nope....nice wishful thinking. #townhallOH. #coward
must live in an alternative universe. @POTUS all about dividing not unifying. #NotMyValues
go sit down. Not interested in what u have to say
I hope we do less hoping. Let's start making it happen.
don't let them mess with Social Security and Medicare.  That's MY money I paid out of my paycheck for over 50 years.
U want to bring our country together? Investigate Russia! This isn't going away! Get your head out or 45's ass. Investigate!
you're such s role model for that. Oh wait. I'm on the wrong thread.
He probably will speak like is still on the campaign trail
So sorry I missed your town halls in Ohio. Oh wait...you didn't have any. So much for caring about your constituents.
@RepJimRenacci All those who didn't have open town halls were nothing but COWARDS.
doubtful
like his impeachment? Or his use of American extremists to further his agenda?  Or Russian interference in US elections?
I think he's still campaigning

You must be living under a rock
for  sure  u didn't  take  an opportunity  to meet  with your constituents  at a town hall. 2018 soon!
you approved of Betsy DeVos, remember that.
Excuse me, @BetsyDeVosED, the system you’re describing isn’t “choice.” It’s Jim Crow and segregation. 
the sad part isthat many of my diehard repub friends also opposed this confirmation.  Sad!
i'm confident your next election will be your last. Ohioans will not forget you sold us out!
Did not do it.
I'm sure he'll talk about them. Now y'all DOING things that bring us together is a completely different thing.
your days are numbered. You don't care about ALL OF YOUR CONSTITUANTS
I got 10 bucks that says he'll mention how bigly he won the election.
.@senrobportman  .@POTUS We need our immigration laws enforced and illegals removed. Just like Barbra Jordan proposed. #POTUS  Kill DACA
don't we all. I don't think he's capable of it.
Im looking forward to POTUS's impeachment. Tick tock.
me too! :-)
BTW, when's the next town hall meeting?
He'd have to talk nicely & that seems a low probability. Oh excuse me, probability is a science word and gops don't do those
If he releases taxes, admits Russia ties, stops promoting violence, ...The list is too long for twitter.
-don't hold your breath.He & Bannon r on a mission to destroy the "administive state" & will destroy democracy to do so.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP It's like a Presidential town hall. Too bad most of Congress won't do the same.
The day you turn against DJT your justification will be interesting. Dems won't believe u. Repubs will be pissed. Lose/Lose
And if he doesn't you'll speak up yourself to protect our democracy, right?
Think he'll explain these newly revealed Russian financial ties?
And if he doesn't, if he continues to sow discord, what will you do?
he has not so far and like you wants to ruin our drinking water. When will you support clean water in #Ohio ?
Maybe you could try bringing the country back together by putting Merrick Garland on the Supreme Court
And what will you DO if he doesn't show CLEAR message for unity?
we see you remain actively silent as #potus45 spewing lies, hate, bigotry, greed, and division.
Inaction=Support.

He will not. And I hope, when he continues with the same nonsense he's been spewing, you'll call him out on it. #bebrave
Would be nice but is unlikely.  Prob going to going to focus on how great he is doing.
@OHDems @CbusIndivisible Looking forward to your town halls in Ohio. Listen to constituents or it's your final term.
@MarkTercek Yes, like clean water for Lake Erie and restoration of the #GreatLakes Let's rebuild bipartisan conservation
And what are you going to do when he starts his rhetoric of division? 

Nothing.

Take a stand!

I'll buy you a Skyline GC!!
I'm a single working mom, barely getting by. By comparison, it's going to be a larger % of income then what u got from De vos
it's always a pleasure to watch #POTUS spew hate, bigotry, fear, blame and division.
#POTUS is no more interested in bringing the country together than *you* are in a #RealTownHall why pretend anything else?!?
and address #Cowards that dodge constituency
you know he won't.
impeaching him would bring us together.
I hope so too. Instead he will probably complain about the media and boast about his big electoral college win. Again.
Yeah that's going to happen (sarcasm). Have you been paying attention? Trump Russia investigations now.
Trump?   You're kidding, right? What has he done to bring our company together?
Lololololololololol!!!!!!
until you and your colleagues address concerns of involvement and business entanglements by Agent , unity is a pipe dream.
Truly a lovely sentiment but we should keep in mind Einstein's words re: doing same thing over again & expecting diff results
Spoiler alert:  He won't.
.@senrobportman Like his resignation?
.@senrobportman Did you invite one of your high-dollar #bigbusiness CEO benefactors to sit with you tonight?
you "hope" he uses his speech to bring this country together? FIND OUT ABOUT RUSSIAN TIES, start with his his tax returns
doubt that he is all about division
As an Ohioan in your district, I would like to talk to you about the Prescription drug issue. You need my story.
you and I both know he's going to attack the media, air petty grievances, and ramble about himself and his 'amazing victory'.
.@senrobportman You might want to sit near the back in case you feel the need to slink away when this little gem melts down in-flight.
does not seem like you have voted for issues that can bring us together. It starts with you Senator.
will you please have a town hall in toledo Ohio!!!
independent investigation of Russia!! Is the GOP in collusion too? Your voters want to know
Because #townhall
we love trump in Ohio...stand behind him Portman please!
and to explain #russiagate
You're cute. Why would he start now? How about you #DoYourJob though? Your constituents want to talk with you.
organizing and protesting aren't really bad things. Better than using Russia to steal an election.
"Dreamer, nothin' but a dreamer...oh my"

 #Trumprussia #resistpeacefully #Resist #NoGorsuch #SaveACA #NoDAPL
Are you joking?  He can't even bring Republicans together. Do your job!
not going to happen!  You own this.
what are you s.moking? Expect more of Bannon's gloom and doom
Like Resigning? Or Kicking you out of the Country. What are your ties to Russia? You also voted not to release his taxes.
Another Christian Conservative who thinks everyone is a liberal? Wow, if your from Ohio you'd know the connection
we'd like to speak to you about those same issues. When are the town halls going to happen?
You're about to be drastically disappointed, Senator.
why would he start now? He has to be the "winner" without regard to who he costs the most. His brother's own death: "loser"
Arrested Development narrator: He won't.
Stop trading core values for small wins. POTUS45 only seeks self-enrichment & aggrandizement. It's not too late for u

45242
I'll be shocked if he does but let's see.
grow a spine and hold a townhall.
lol u mean the actual constituents whom he represents? Oh yes, asking for an audience w ur rep is SO pathetic.
what riots? Protesting is not the same as a riot. And they are practicing free speech, not shutting it down.
More likely he'll brag about something meaningless then double-down on fake news & Obama as the source of leaks. #shameful
Well, for sure he won't address his taxes or russia, but then neither will you. And what about huuuuge increase in defence?
Do you think his purging of regs in the Waters of the US rule is going to help protect Lake Erie? Will you stay silent again?
didn't you know? with all the contributions from special interests, lack of concern for constituents, @senrobportman retiring.
you are so far out of touch and have not one foot in reality. He means to keep us divided and you are perfectly happy with it
Yeah. We're already together. Waiting on @GOP like you and Kasich to catch up @potus @FoxNews @DailyCaller #maga #deplorables
He’s more interested in his golf game and signing executive orders to divide us and erode our freedoms. Worst president ever.
Do you really expect him to? Has he given any indication he is at all interested in that? I haven’t seen it.
pay attention senator apparently this admin. just signed away clean water protections. How is that good for Ohio or anyone
he's not going to, and you know it. Then what's your plan???
I hope so too. If he does say uniting words, will his actions support them? I hope you push him to unite
get a grip, Robert.
The only thing that he could do to bring our country together is leave.
Donyou think he'll condemn the rising tide of anti-Semitism his embrace of the alt-right has produced?
Do you think he'll take the opportunity to address his apparent violations of the emoluments clause?
I think you meant "obvious, blatant violations" of the Emoluments clause.

This is Donald Trump's America. 

An 86 year-old Arizona woman assaulted by cops for daring to question him.
Looking forward to you addressing #ALLOHIOANS at a #REALTownHallNOW. #stopignoringus #stophiding #youcanfixit #scheduleit
we, the majority who did not vote for him, want #DIVEST #TaxReturns #IndependentInvestigation. Nothing else will do.
He could care less about bring the country together So you can keep hiding out blowing off the voters
Really? You don't think he'll spend the entire time talking about his big win and fake news?
fat chance, Rob. He’s hiding so much. He’s a serial fraud and liar, and the best interests of Americans are not his own.
he's compromised. We need an inquiry
I wouldn't hold your breath Senator @senrobportman. Even money says he mentions his big EC win though!
Drink much Koolaid, Sen? He can't do what Bunion wants if nation 2gether! The plan is destruction *see Nazis '29
Wow. For real? Dear Leader's popularity is based on division. Maybe bring the "real" parts of thr country together, right?
if interested in unifying you should try meeting with your constituents regardless of party affiliation!
FYI $500 plate fundraisers and aluminum factory tours don't really cut it.
so if someone dies because you repeal our healthcare, the GOP will take responsibility, right?
Umm, I wouldn't hold my breath if I were you
you could bring Ohio together again by holding town halls.
