That's ridiculous it's about cutting Trumps unknown taxes by 25%. How nice for him and the rest of the 1%ers. Do yr job
Explain how this is about #workers, #jobs, and not businesses and board rooms. Seems doubtful, not buying it. #taxreform not 4 the wealthy.
Trickle down does NOT work.
You are working towards a 2 class system which I am beginning to believe is what the GOP wants.  Work for the middle class!
No tax reform until Trump releases his taxes.  #DontheCon #WakeUpAmerica
You are either drinking the Koolaid or obtuse.  Thought about re-election, much?
Tell me senator that you personally will not benefit from this boondoggle of a tax pan?
Who's tax reforms are you talking about.  Trump's are a joke and the Republican tax policies in recent past, generally destructive.
Maybe start with a reform that doesn't raise the taxes on the poor but gives even more tax breaks on the rich
It's aout giving a tax break to corporations & rich, & pretending something will trickle down to the rest of us. This doesn't work.

Trumps tax cut will cost me more money. I am the middle class. Please stand up for the middle class tax breaks. Not corps.
With all due respect, Sen Portman, since you won't hold any public mtgs w OH constituents how can you know what they  want or need? Thoughts
This is fiction. Portman is such a liar.
We need healthcare, too! The AHCA will make it harder to access decent coverage. Vote no!
get trump to release his tax returns so we can see business ties. Hurting #gop credibility on *all* issues.
Then stop the union busting BS and Right to Work nonsense.
We all know Trickle Down doesn't trickle. Want to reduce Corp Tax, close all those "donor" loopholes to pay for it. Show some guts.
Please tell me where econ growth will come from when avg corp now pays tax at 14% and Trump is lowering corp tax rate to 15%. Makes no sense

*Translation* "We'll screw working Americans so we can enrich our billionaire/millionaire benefactors!" #ConManRob #51K
Yes ,we need tax reform. We also want assurances it's not benefiting DJT more than everyday citizens. GET HIS TAX RETURNS?
Then why not make SURE corp. tax cuts fund higher minimum wage? Oh right, that would be "UNAMERICAN"
Once again tax "reform" on the backs of working people. Taking away property tax deductions.
To which research studies are you referring?
So sick of your bullshit Rob.
No tax plan until Trump releases his tax returns. None.
It's called trickle down economics & it has proven to fail. Low wages due to top level personal greed.
You may believe that Senator Portman, but you are mistaken.
Why does this sound like bullshit?
Lordy did Ronald Reagan just rise from the grave?  Can you say trickle down economics?
It's All about boardrooms. Trickle down does not work. You are killing the middle class.
.@indivisibledyt Such nonsense.  This is wealth redistribution upward, plain and simple.
"There is this core Trump principle: A lie is as good as the truth as long as you can get your base to believe it."
Please give us tax reform that will actually help those who need it. Trickle-down keeps failing. Do what works.
Reducing corporate tax won't raise wages for the workers; it'll line the pockets of the owners and stockholders.
#taxreform is about big tax cuts for the rich!
No, we need:
#independentinvestigation
#specialprosecutor
#demandhistaxes
#getthevisitorlogs
#netneutrality
#ImpeachTrump
#REALTownHallNOW
Are you proposing a different plan than @potus
You're supposed to be a smart, reasonable person. I can't believe that when you keep saying this long-disproved nonsense.
And about a windfall for your rich friends. I'm not buying it.
Need higher minimum wages and then talk to me about tax cuts to corporations. Drop them to 33% and raise minimum wage. Tired of the BS
If it is about the citizens, start OUR tax break FIRST and see how that works. Then approach the corporations.  Also, raise min.wage
Yep, the guys in the board room get richer and the workers keep doing their job. Look at the discrepancy of executive wages and the workers
At this point you're just being deceptive. This regressive fuckshow of a plan is a handout to corporations and the wealthy. #taxreform
Stop trying to force feed us lies! It's not working! It IS about the board room/corporate greed and you know it!#lostmyvote
Funny then that a one page "plan" only benefits businesses and board rooms.
We need an independent investigation and a special prosecutor
You obviously haven't read it then because that is exactly what it's not, #parrotthepartyline #trumpisyourlegacy #coward
Barf
"Mnuchin can't guarantee the middle class won't PAY MORE under the W.H. tax plan" 
& the rich get richer
Trump ran promising huge tax cuts 4 middle class. His Treasury head says tax plan may cause middle class 2 pay more. http://www.newsweek.com/trump-tax-cuts-ignore-history-arithmetic-590903 …
Demand drives growth, not tax cuts. It'd be nice to talk to you about this and other issues at your next town hall... if you'll have one.
Never a supporting comment for anything I wonder why you even tweet? These tax cuts have a snowballs chance in hell of becoming law.
the unemployment rate is below 5%. The DOW is record high. Why are we giving them a tax cut again?
Sometimes we disagree and a lot of times we do, let's have more of those.
We need taxes for the people not the rich Blow up trumps tax reforms
That is called Reaganomics and it works.
The best thing to protect Ohioans is speaking against the new healthcare bill. No pre-existing condition coverage - scary stuff.
You sure it's not about you & your big donor friends getting a fat tax break?
