he believes the constitution sld be interpreted as originally written, before women & people of color were viewed as human
to support him or do anything but condemn him is to neglect the majority of the country
it seems like you've just now read Article II, Section 2, perhaps you should have read it last yr before Merrick Garland nom
Party over policy. Where was this statement when Judge Garland was nominated? #hypocrisy
why would you start doing your job now? oh yeah, I forgot, you just roll over with the other GOP dogs
Yeah, well, we also looked forward to #MerrickGarland getting a fair and thorough evaluation process #UCantAlwaysGetWhatUWant
Just say no to this hostile appointment
Explain your shameless approval of Devos--clearly the absolutely worst thing to happen to Ohio public school students
Guess who else deserved a fair and thorough evaluation process... #MerrickGarland
"fair" like the Finance Com changing the rules in the middle of the confirmation hearings? Sounds great! #cantbetrusted
odd, you weren't looking so forward a year ago. Previous president won by 5 million votes but will of the people ignored.
Just like you did to Garland?
like the fair treatment Merrick Garland got hopefully
Unlike Judge Garland who did not go through the process. #hypocrisy
like the totally fair consideration y'all gave Garland? Yeah, right. Get him a hearing first before #gorsuch
We are getting only busy signals. Stop Devos-How do we tell you what we think
I hope he gets the same fair and thorough evaluation that Merrick Garland received.
You were missing in action during Garland's nomination obstruction. Stand up for OH. Civil rights, women's rights matter.
why didn't you consider President Obama's nomination and give Judge Garland a fair process?
no, he is not a good choice or a fair person
GARLAND
Fair evaluation process, oh is that how this is supposed to work? Ask Merrick Garland about his fair evaluation... oh yeah...
Takes a lot of nerve to use the word "fair"! Work for your country, not for your party.
I think he should be given exactly the same courtesy that you gave Merrick Garland
Just like you did with Judge Garland?
I wish you also would have allowed Merrick Garland a fair and thorough evaluation process.
"Consideration"-HA! Nvm it's a stolen seat. Fix is in w/ Prtmn-He'll only vote party line w/o regard 4 constituents' views.
You care more about partisan politics than about representing the people of Ohio.
If you vote in favor of #PresidentBannon's noms for #SCOTUS or cabinet, you're not listening http://www.gallup.com/poll/201617/gallup-daily-trump-job-approval.aspx …
lol just like you did for devos? Throwing around BS.
No he is not fit
Are you giving him the same fair and thorough evaluation that Merick Garland did? #DoYourJob #SCOTUS
If he defies Trump will he be fired too. It is like watching a train wreck coming in slow motion.
P.S. You're terrible
Like Garland? Unfair and un American
Pls don't be on the wrong side of history the way you were with marriage equality. Say NO to Gorsuch nomination.
.@senrobportman I urge swift confirmation.
like the evaluation Merrick Garland got?
We should wait until the next election and let the new president make the selection.
Did you say that about Garland?   When are you going to stand up and do the right thing?
sadly he won't get a fair hearing bc of the treatment of previous nominee, Garland.
just like Garland did, right. "Alternative Fact" #7,042.!
what is your excuse for not giving president Obamas nominee your fair and thorough evaluation?
I look forward to a fucking filibuster.
He puts corps over people & undermines rights of women. You saw the protests right? We can march closer to your office
Yes. He should be treated just as fairly as Merrick Garland.
why didn't you let #Garland have a fair & thorough evaluation? #NotOurJustice
you know who didn't get a fair evaluation process? Merrick Garland
#SCOTUSnominee #scotus Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland.
Like you all did for Garland?!
need to vote No! Rep what #Ohio wants not @realDonaldTrump , #StolenSeat #resisttrumptuesday
Vote no.
the hypocrisy of GOP senators is laughable. I am embarrassed you represent my state. 2022 can't come soon enough.
you have lost a lot of votes lately....including mine....quit be so damn political
shouldn't we wait for the next president to make the choice.  Hypocrites
Like the one Merrick Garland got? For shame.
Merrick Garland did not get a fair and thorough evaluation.
That is Garland's seat. Don't be a hypocrite.
the exact same one your party gave Garland should work just fine.
Like Betsy DeVos? She proved party was more important that qualifications. Vote No.
please consider the rights of women when evaluating this man #WarOnWomen #womensrights #gorsuch
#NoDAPL
NO on Judge Neil Gorsuch - No No No No No!
oh ya, like you did with Merrick Garland.  Be consistent.
Did you give Merrick Garland a fair chance? Answer honestly Senator.
*cough cough* Merrick Garland *cough cough*  #resist #scotus
To be "fair", put this candidate through the same process used for Merrick Garland.
Just like you considered Merrick Garland?
He thinks corporations are people! NO THEY ARE NOT! You need to process Merrick Garland first!
Merrick Garland? Is that who you are referring to?
just like Merrick Garland, huh?
Just like you Repubs did for Obama's nominee?? This ought to be good. Hypocrites.
that's a reasonable expectation, but the evaluations of DeVos, Mnuchin, and Price indicate they are unsuitable - pls vote NO!
we aren't going to forget the "fair and thorough evaluation process" Garland was given
as long as you look at it fairly & honestly & not based on party,I'm OK with that
M embarrassed u represent me.  glad I worked @UH and they  paid MY medical benefits that RIGHTFULLY included birth control.
Pres Trump's nominee is not impartial which is something a SCOTUS nominee should be first and foremost
how about mr garland?    Did be get a fair evaluative process?
Who is paying attention to how much power Gannon is getting? Why?
Rob, remember where you work! lol!
this pick is obviously more anti-woman Bannon crap! you don't decide what women can or cannot do with their bodies!
#MerrickGarland
fair? This is your first year? There will be NOTHING fair about this. Schumer is scum (& devoid of ethics).
the same way senate republicans considered Merrick Garland?
.@senrobportman just consider? who are you kidding? he was approved unanimously. get out of way of the trump train
Surprise me, @senrobportman, and give #Gorsuch a MORE THOROUGH EVALUATION THAN A RUBBER STAMP. 
@maddow @lawrence
You'll block Gorsuch for #SCOTUS if you want to keep your job! This was a stolen nomination and you know it!
tides shifting we have the people majority & world supporting! Repubs only 25% voting base Dems will crush you in midterms.
just like you gave Merrick Garland?
you need to vote No
NO he is no good for #America
I'm sorry, where was this attitude for Garland? Ohioans deserve better.
you've already made your decision by your little niceities about him and making  man normal!.  #noreelectionforyou
so does this mean your going to grow a backbone & listen to ur constituents instead of @GOP fear of Tweeter in Chief #resist
you'll vote to confirm if you want to keep your job. @SenSherrodBrown will be unemployed in '18. Don't end up like him.
keywords: thorough and fair. Please think of ALL your constituents in Ohio. We expect you to be the voice for ALL of us
at least he will get one unlike the equally qualified Merrick Garland
You represent us FILIBUSTER #SCOTUSnominee GORSUCH
I figure the Dems can ignore this for at LEAST 8 months, given the GOP's treatment of Garland
Garland or bust. Do the right thing.
Hopefully exactly as fair as what Merrick Garland got.
please, you are a reasonable man. Save us from what that orange man is trying to do to our country
i don't think he is a reasonable man as he has yet to show us he can stand up to his party.
You mean like Judge Garland?
Trump is in the last year of his presidency.  We need to wait for a president elected by the people.
I couldn't agree more!!
I look forward you you growing a backbone and actually representing your constituents in the Buckeye State Ohio. #Weak
sadly he won't. He walks lock step w the @GOP and not with #ohians
He should get the same treatment as Judge Garland.
Someone who believes corporations are people, doesn't recognize the needs of Ohioans. #SCOTUS
Shame you didn't want a fair process for Judge Garland. How hypocritical.
same process you gave Merrivk Garland?
you mean like the GOP did with Obama's nomination?
isn't it a stolen seat?
like your openness to Garland? What do you say to that?
You and your colleagues did not Merrick Garland any evaluation process.
Cuz GOP senators are all about fairness when it comes to SC nominees....
I ask that you swiftly confirm SCOTUS Neil Gorsuch! Thank you!!
Like the fair and thorough evaluation you all gave to Merrick Garland?Hypocrites!
why would you expect him to go through easy after Merrick Garland?
We need fair vetting for sure. Please retain an #Openmind while remembering your diverse state of OH
emphasis on thorough; don't rush this -- ppl's lives and freedoms are at stake.
I hope it is equally fair as the process Judge Garland went through.
Just like the one Merrick Garland went through, right?
yes, just like Merrick Garland
I hope this means you are open to listening to your constituents.
it prob does not. He does not care about what Ohioans think or feel. He only cares & does what the @GOP say.
Unlike what your party gave to Merrick Garland. #StolenSupremeCourtSeat
