We're going to hold you accountable for your duplicitous health care treason at the ballot box. Grandmas will remember your sell-out.
Causing more than 20,000 people a year to die due to lack of access to healthcare sounds like a human rights violation to me
Let's hold the administration accountable for all the chaos being created, too. Fast becoming such a nightmarish world. On you as complicit.
You are an embarrassing phony!!!!
Thank you thank you for a no Vote on healthcare repeal !!
Let's start by pressuring Baby Killers in America like you to care about democracy first!
You let a lot of people down today
Senator Portman how dare you vote against straight repeal. I'm a business owner in Ohio. You ran on this, you promised us! No more GOP money
Fraud.
You shoulda voted to repeal...
How safe are we when POTUS attacks our democratic institutions and craps on the Constitution daily?  Does it make us safer and more united?
Much more safe than when Obama was Doing the same
The United States must put pressure on liars like you who say one thing to get elected, do exact opposite once in office. Repeal or resign
Shut up about accountability!!! You are accountable to your donors and your joke of a president. Your own house is a hot mess - YOUR FAULT!
LIAR AND TRAITOR!
Not with YOUR president in office.  We're becoming the laughing stock of the world.  He's jeopardizing our nat'l interests and security!
You're crazy!
You should put pressure on Trump to hold him & this traitorous administration accountable. You. Are. Failing. At. Your. Job.
Bahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
That's not going to happen w/the personal financial deals your President has w/ them. Wake up and get rid of the menace in the WhiteHouse!
First hold #45 accountable for #Russiagate not disclosing #Trumptaxes practicing #nepotism leaving StateDept without staff bigotry #Resist
Voting you out #Rino
And you need to protect healthcare for millions of people! #getittogether
Put a little pressure on the pres. Get him in line or we could all be at risk! Do something!
Sad but true has no working State Dept.& #HESYOURPOTUS has insulted every world leader needed to accomplish this task.
Ra Ol Mejiko Gasa y Agoo Uwa y Camino TriphgjA
The United States needs to put pressure on you to vote republican.
#NoTrumpCare
You Were Elected To Repeal ObamaCare. You Failed The People Who Voted You In. When The Time Comes For ReElection, You Won't Be Working 4 Us.
Nothing about this government is serious but the damage you are doing to your people and the reputation of this once great country
They will do fine to help!
Not working for me and my husband called your office You have lost our vote
Let's start by holding our reps accountable for their commitments...so, @senrobportman how about that medical vote (opioid, medicare)?
Well, I for one, am glad that nothing else of importance is going on today. Would you like to expound upon Latin American policy as well?
You want fed $ for abortions?! WTH? #NOTACHRISTIAN
You will be primaried for voting no on #FULLREPEAL
Insurers say "skinny" repeal will destabilize markets and lead to "steep premium increases and diminished choices."
Breaking!

BREAKING: Insurers say "skinny" repeal will destabilize markets and lead to "steep premium increases and diminished choices" 

How can we trust you with international issues when you refuse to help Ohioans?
Everything you say is invalid. You betrayed Ohio. #RepealPortman
This is the 1,000th day since Portman's last Town Hall.
The only thing he's good at is avoiding his constituents.
If your office has time to send this many tweets, they should be able to answer your phones. You need to listen to your constituents.
Rob. It's time for you to put a muzzle on it. You have zero credibility anymoreZ
It's too bad that you're not as concerned about the health of Ohioans.  You've got your healthcare tho, don't you? SHAME ON YOU! #Bootlicker
Your constituents want to know whether or not they will continue to have healthcare. Can you answer that via tweet, Senator?
This is your party. This!!!!
In the last three days, Republican men in the house have threatened their female senate colleagues with shooting and beating. https://twitter.com/mattizcoop/status/890289306857811968 …
The United States must put pressure on the House and Senate to hold POTUS accountable.
Not interested in deflection right now.  Laser focused on healthcare.
when are you going to hold the idiot in the WH accountable? You can't expect others to do what you want when our gov't won't.
Such tough talk from someone who won't stand up to the traitors in the white house and wants to strip away healthcare.  GOP=COWARDS
Just like how your constituents will be holding you accountable for your vote on the #BCRA
We agree, but you have no credibility on this until Russian interference is fully dealt with.  It was an attack on our democracy. #ohio
Another passive-aggressive tweet from St. Rob. You screwed up yesterday Senator. You. Really. Screwed. Up.
Your party is marching us to a banana republic. Why don't you spend some time cleaning out your own stall first?
Wonder if they'll respond in a more positive or negative way than you have with your constiuents putting pressure on you #VoteNoTrumpcare
Trump is fighting with IC community. Tillerson is on vacation while the State Dept. Is a mess. You're tweeting to cover your cruel vote.
China/NK/Russia/Turkey have all been making moves, and POTUS seems unaffected.  It's remarkable and disturbing.
Can you work a little closer to home? How can we make Congress more accountable? Only 17% of US wants GOP "healthcare" and yet you persist.
I'm more concerned about the damage the GOP could do to our health care system. Or the presidents assault on democratic values
Have you considered for one second that the greatest threat to National Security is the fact that POTUS and staff are floundering so badly?
Pressure doesn't always work to make people do what we know is right and hold them accountable. #you #healthcare
POTUS hasn't appointed tons of pos, including ambassadors that weaken us, Mooch now REMOVING aids in WH staff.  WH NOT functioning.
Just like you don't listen to your constituents, no one cares what the US thinks. Our standing in the world is falling fast. Fix it!
Tillerson taking "time off" while State Dept in disarray, POTUS not listening to IC community, attacking AG/dep AG/FBI head, etc.
That would require a president that had, at least, a vague idea of what he's doing. And a Congress to hold him accountable.
Shut up Rob! Sick of your bs tweets. Nothing you say holds value any more. #lostmyvote
RUSSIA aiding/abetting N. Korea, aiding fighters who battle US, etc., and POTUS and House GOP response: 'oh well'
I'm so much more concerned by the damage being done by our president and the GOP lapdogs who support him.
And our own government - don't vote on bills without reading them, getting cost info from the CBO, and public debates!
