Oh, pffft! WHAT tax reform? Giving the rich money they don't need ISN'T tax reform. How stupid do you think your constituents are?
#voodooecon is what the proposal is.
Is there any wonder people don’t trust politicians?
Trump says I'm getting a massive tax cut! Could you have a town hall meeting to give us the details?
I'm sure your wealthy donors are excited too.
Do u even understand it?
I agree.  Must be done - tax reform
You mean give massive tax breaks to the wealthy and screw the rest of us. Have you read Trumps tax plan? DO YOUR JOB
But not about healthcare for children!
Nice video. BUT what kind of jobs? Low paying jobs with no health insurance, that is the kind of jobs you are talking about.
Just in a day's work. How does it feel to be owned by billionaires, as you trash the future of young Americans?
Do not expect my vote next year. You and the @GOP are #dangerous to the citizens.
Fix healthcare first.Single payer universal healthcare.Get'er done
Sorry, not buying it.
When are going to grow a pair and stand up to the Cheeto like Corker and McCain?
You'd be better served by calling this what it is #KochTaxCut because there's no reform in your bill except for the wealthy
Can't wait to you are out of office you are only hurting Ohio.
How does eliminating estate tax do this? Only about 50 small businesses & farms pay this now. So eliminating tax overwhelmingly helps the 1%
No. Not jobs.  It’s tax cuts for the wealthy.  More trickle down. #nothanks
Saying it over and over won't make people support you, you know that, right?
Why do you represent a state/people that you clearly don’t care about? We know what you’re trying to sell us is bogus. #PortmanHatesOhioans
You'll have plenty of Ohioans seeing that this 'reform' will HURT THEM
get the tax reform done.
And while we're at it, let's fix ACA too.
You are a true fake, Mr. Portman.
Then sponsor a bill that is good for American workers and families
In what world do you think any of your constituents want to double down on trickle down, your propaganda machine has thinned dude.
American workers & families need you to listen to Senator Corker & use the 25th. He is unfit to serve & you know it. Use your voice Senator.
We won't need tax reform after your party allows nuclear war with a tiny country that has had nuclear weapons for years. Pay Attention!'
Just when do you plan on doing that? Current bill does nothing for middle to low income Americans.
This so called tax reform will be a disaster for the people of the United States (except for  the 1% wealthiest).
Then do it for families and not for the rich. Estate tax and lowering rates for richest in US won't do it.
No tax breaks for the wealthy. No further pollution of Ohio’s lands for profit. No dismantling of worker protections.
You're excited to get those Koch dollars for doing their bidding while screwing the poor and middle class.
How?
$700 cut for middle class family and $1,000,000 cut for wealthy !  NOT real reform 
We are keeping informed. Best not be a pay off to the wealthy.
Translation: I’m excited about the opportunity to get #CorporateWelfare done for 1%ers. Screw American workers & families.
Real Reform not something that will hurt the middle class and retirees like myself!

Suck up. Puppet. Clueless. You are working for Trump. You are supposed to be working for your constituents!  They elected you. They pay you.
Please increase the tax rate for income over $5M per year to 55%.
How about speaking out against the chaos being sown by your prez - Peurto RICO, Tillerson, Corker, NFL, Obamacare, Clean Energy....
Back when you cared about the debt (and of course a democrat was president )
Its about a tax cut for the wealthy. 
Estate tax cut benefits how many of your bff?

rsvp
For workers, not millionaires
sure you are. just like health care when you voted no on repeal and replace AFTER campaigning for it. #fakeconservative #wontbefooledagain
#jobs? What jobs? Can provide a list of jobs you expect to be available when this #taxreform is done?
Start with Ohio. We lose SALT deductions. That’s not helping American workers and families
Sorry rob your tax cuts are for the rich, not middle class families.
Vote no
Your plan will never help regular people





Rob, why are you so keen to give tax cuts to billionaires? How will that help the average Ohio family?
And the fact that our deficit sky rockets is now OK with the GOP.  Shameless liars.
That tax reform is not for workers or their families. It for the 1%. Be honest
I'm excited for Trump to get impeached and for GOP that supported his no-healthcare plan and now his "tax reform" to be unseated.
Start by removing NFL MLB NBA NHL tax free status. They shouldn't be on the  tax payers' back.
STOP TAKING MONEY FROM THE NRA
Hey, I moved..not from Elyria..so in 2018. I am 1 vote to send you packing.
Read what the new Nobel prize winner in economics just said. People are stupid #standuptotrump #TaxReform
Trickle down economics doesn’t work #standuptotrump #TaxReform
As long as their names are Koch, et als.
You are sadly mistaken if you think corporations will use corporate tax break to invest in employees. Ceos will get bigger bonus. That's all
You mean you are excited for the opportunity to give your deep pocket donors a big un needed tax break  Remember Rob its Ohio before party !
TAX CUT for the rich to take away health care from those most in need.
The only tax reforms we need are those that make the wealthy pay their fair share!
Wrong!  You're excited to get Trumps tax reform done so you and your rich buddies get big tax breaks on the backs of the other 98%.
For your rich friends and donors, not the rest of us.
Hope you mean it about "workers and families"- doesn't look like that so far
YOU LIE! TAX SCAM will NOT create jobs.VOODOO Trickle Down economics.The rich will keep it for themselves & CEOs. We have done this before!
Rob! Share your excitement with Ohioans! Let's have a town hall meeting!
You should be excited about helping US CITIZENS of Puerto Rico get drinking water&electricity to survive. TAX CUT FOR RICH will NOT HELP me!
Do it!!
The proposed tax reform is definitely a windfall for rich people like you, but YOU are supposed to work for US. VOTE NO
No thanks
Listen to us taxpayers, Rob, WE DO NOT WANT THE TAX REFORM that you speak of. TRY not to ingnore your constituents. You are replaceable!!
Make sure you give a big tax cut to Richie Rich!
NO tax cuts to individuals earning $75,000/yr. NO tax cuts to corporations without stipulation of increases wages to hourly workers. 1/2
Close the corporate loopholes. Extend tax cuts to wage earners making $50,000 or less/year.
Tax breaks for the top 2% will only help them. History has proven trickle-down economics doesn't work. Stop working AGAINST Ohioans! #Bad4OH
How about keeping b.c. for women and keeping abortion legal and safe through the first 2 trimesters
I bet you are excited to get this done but it's for you and your rich colleagues and friends!  We are not as stupid as you think.
Sleazy Kochsucker
Do the current tax reform proposals balance the budget? NO.

Do they increase the deficit? YES. 

#TaxReform 
#BackToTheDrawingBoard
Great job kicking 9 million kids off their health care last night!!!
Isn’t that & debt what’s paying for this “tax cut” for the rich?? – at Extreme Addiction
Get excited about getting help for Puerto Rico, about preventing WWIII, about ejecting a white supremacist from the office of President!
at whose expense,Senator~looks like medicaid/medicare/head start etc will take the hit~if I am wrong please explain...otherwise try again...
I would be excited if you got anything done!
You mean tax breaks for the rich, right? I'm sure that was a typo on your part
Make sure it benefits 99%, not 1%.
Tax reform maybe exciting but want you are pushing is the same old same old of tax cuts for rich and nothing for working class.
I called your office today and spoke to Sarah - asked her to have you support Senator Corker!!!!!
LIES increased txs 4middlcls that itemize incrsd DEFICIT that u will cut SS&MEDICARE 2control while u&ur buddy @realDonaldTrump getTAXBRKS
Could you get excited about supporting a fellow senator who is under attack by the maniac in the white house?
I think you mistyped - here I corrected it for you. "I’m excited about the opportunity to get #taxcuts done for wealthy American families."
How much more net income will average workers actually? Answer, not rnough for retirement, college, new kitchens.
Is it really so easy for you to repeatedly lie about this? How do you look at yourself in the mirror?
Have you even read what trump proposes? Wake up! Do some homework! IT'S YOUR JOB
Don’t forget gun reform
Who are you trying to bullshit!
I'd like the opportunity to see what Trump is hiding in his tax returns

Great soundbite, but what's actually in the bill?
lies

Rob is a liar!! More tax cuts for the rich does not put more money in MY pocket. It does for him because his rich donors will give him more!
If you get it done it's not for American workers & families. It's for corporations & extremely rich people.
Too bad this plan only works for the wealthy.
Please do something about the nuke-rattling President. His tweets could make your tax cts for the wealthy irrelevant.
I wish you were as excited about preventing 12% of Ohio's kids from losing their health insurance last week.
Why are you even trying it’s not going to pass and it won’t help working class people
Please do something about DACA,  Clean Power Plan, Climate related disasters.
You need to get on the right side of history now, Rob.
As I said to Tiberi, show your work on calculations that this plan reduces taxes for poor and MC, and doesn’t spike deficit. I’ll wait.
The same #TaxReform that will raise the bottom rate to 12%, eliminate IRA and mortgage deductions in order to cut the highest earners rate?
The orange menace is going to kill us all. I can find nothing to be excited about.
Constituent 44074. Where in this tax proposal are businesses required to create jobs and increase wages.
FOCUS! Help PR & USVI. Stop Russian cyberwar. Block 45 use of nukes. Fund CHIP. Get Flint clean water. Fix ACA. Hands off Medicare/aid!
Gee whiz, Rob, that’s just great!  Care to do anything about the madman in the Oval threatening nuclear war?   Be well.
I'd be excited to get immigration reform done. #followTrumpsagenda
Stop pretending that the state of our country is business as usual!!   #SaveACA #saveCHIP #stopDevos #gunsense #ImpeachTrump
#TaxScam
Hold a public town hall with your constituents. We'll let you know how we feel about #TrumpTaxScam
Will you raid my medicare to do so?  Other GOP members want to...43221
Except that's NOT who it will help!
This is not for the american people but for the few wealthy. Do you sleep well at nights? You're conscience should bother you.
Get real. You’re excited to do it for your millionaire and billionaire donors, who are the only ones who benefit.
Do you see your EPA's pro-coal stance as creating good jobs? Jobs that poison the environment & workers, but benefit 1%ers like Bob Murray.
Then you’ll need a different plan from what Trump has proposed #workforrealreformnotfortherich
Sellout!
Sen. Corker said Trump is leading up to WWlll and I agree. What the hell do you say, Rob? This is time for tax reform.
Stop pushing the #TrumpTaxScam, and show some courage like @SenBobCorker.
Corker will end up voting for it.
We'll see. Not hopeful that you're in it for the American people. You're in it for your wealthy donors and special interests. We're watching
Beware!! @SteveBannen doesn't like you or sherrod!! Actually, neither do I! All talk (lies), NO walk!!
How long are you going to ignore the dangerous elephant in the room? How long will you endanger us all by allowing Trump free reign?
According to staff I spoke to today, it appears answer would be indefinitely, your staff gave no sign of intention to hold 45 accountable
Thats not how it works & u know it. Excited to give billionaires & corporations a15% tax break. More $s in their pockets & urs. Workers pay
Talk, talk, talk!  Maybe you & your facsimile, sherrod brown better update your resumes! At the drive thru, i EXPECT a yes sir or no sir!!
Are you a robot?   Can you explain what testimony you are listening too?   The Budget cuts to pay for this wealthcare plan hurt us.
The GOP Tax Reform campaign is pathetic: A heap of empty slogans and buzzwords.
Isn't the correct phrase, "excited to get tax reform done TO Americans", because you're going to use it to loot the treasury and rob us?
Tired of writing this
You're screwing us Rob. Again.
This tax cut is not reform
You're excited to take more from the working class to give to the rich!

You're #OnTheWrongSideOfHistory
Sure you are, Rob.
Liar! You're excited to get it done for your wealthy friends. GOP is corrupt top to bottom.
#taxcuts for1% & jobs at minimum wage with no health care. Ohio women & children #PlannedParenthood cut #CHIP 
Will the new tax codes MANDATE higher wages & an increase in # of jobs for middle & lower class? Or are you just hoping this will happen?

Trump tweet this AM: What he failed to do in Congress, this order aims to do-- limit access to plans w/ pre-ex protections. 1/ https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/917698839846576130 …

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Stop lying!!!
Can't wait to give you & your rich friends/donors huge tax cuts, while gutting Medicaid/Medicare & screwing the middle class!
But Senator, the Republican plan, at least it looks to be a giant #TaxCutForTheRich. How does that help the People of Ohio? #taxes #Ohio
Of course you are! The GOP is always excited to screw the middle-class so the wealthy can get a tax break.
That envelope you’re putting in your pocket, is that the bribe from the Koch brothers to push this horrible reform through?
I'm less excited about blowing huge hole in the Fed deficit to stop Estate Tax for wealthy. Trump benefits, good day to see your tax returns
How exactly will rate cuts for the top brackets benefit American workers & families? Direct donation to lower brackets?
Ugh, just stop...
Then come up with a real plan to help American Workers and families not your donors
#Trumprussia #Russia #GOPisComplicit #VoteDemocrats
I'm excited that someday the greed in Gov will be replaced  and meet  the needs of American with Maslow's hierarchy of needs at least.
NO to trickle down. Tax cuts at the top, increased military spending = RECESSION
Pay attention to some facts:
I'm excited that Americans get to keep their insurance a little bit longer.
Excited to cash that big check you’re going to get for it huh?
Thanks for trying to repeal that estate tax that affects only families with more than $11million.  That'll really help the middle class.
The Rep Tax Reform mindset is about corporate and high income greed. Since RR, mid class and jobs are always 1st to tout, & never 2 provide
Middle class is economic engine - drives stimulus/growth...Trump's tax plan benefits Trumps... Buys more gold toilets - doesn't grow economy
GOP idea of tax reform is simply to line their own pockets and help their wealthiest donors.
TO, TO American workers and families. Giving to the rich doesn't help American workers. Were you sleeping during Reagan?
No tax cuts for the rich.
We want trump's tax returns first.
Tired of the "mob" we have running Congress and lying to the people! #CHIP
Then just do it! Americans demand action.
How does eliminating the estate or Alternative Minimum tax help American workers and their families?
Every new mansion requires a staff. Who do you think gets those jobs? Wait, illegal Mexicans. What was the question?
Here's an idea! Workers and families a tax break! Why would you give the cuts to the rich, and hope that they will give to others? Really!
They know it doesn't work that way. They dont care about US. They care about billionaire & millionaire friends & corps & their dark money!
American workers & families would rather you just tax the fucking rich, Rob.
this is news to workers and families seeing a tax hike under ‘tax reform’
"Vast Majority Would Lose" under #TrumpTaxScam 
What is @POTUS hiding in his tax returns?
The bottom fifth of the income spectrum will lose on average about $1,000 each under the Senate GOP tax plan: http://bit.ly/2fQA1x6  
I see you are running same video over & over again. Is it beyond your ability 2 find something new? Same rhetoric & optics. @indivisibledyt
Eliminating tax breaks for alternative energy research is going to create how many jobs, Senator Complicit?
Stand with @SenBobCorker and tell the truth. #ImpeachTrump
Try again, Senator

.@JRubinBlogger: Republicans should stop cringing in fear of mean tweets and do what is best for the country. http://wapo.st/2wIpGGy?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.bb00345ad4cd …
