It works for my family. Work on making it better for other families.
If all options are unaffordable, an individual has no options.
The Republican bill is worse.  22M lose coverage.  Elders see ridiculous premiums.  Medicaid chopped is unconscionable
Why don't you fix the ACA, instead of starting over?  It’s 9.3 percent of GDP in Britain, for example, compared with 17.9 percent here.
Rework the ACA. Don't repeal/replace. I'm afraid things won't go well for you and your career if this is the path you take.
To me better would mean more people have preventive care and better health outcomes. What does better mean to you @senrobportman?
8+ years now to craft a viable alternative..., still waiting in the quagmire
The Republican plan decreases funding so fewer people can afford the care they need. It doesn't address the cost of care.
Single Payer would solve both the access and the affordability issues...the major problems. If Single Payer, then less stress 4 small Biz 2.
Then work with Democrats to great a truly bipartisan solution.  Start governing please.
Ok then make the aca better instead of redoing everything. How hard is that to understand?
Medicaid expansion in Ohio saved my friend's life last week.  I'm grateful to the ACA and you should be, too, @senrobportman
You mean single payer, right, @senrobportman?  Because your GOP health bill doesn't come close.  #Smallbiz will benefit from #Medicare4all.
ACA works for kids: coverage of pre-existing conditions, vaccines and preventive care; no lifetime limits #DontCapMyCare  #KeepKidsCovered
Pharmaceutical companies with this tax break should LOWER ALL COSTS....but we ALL know that will NEVER happen.
As an #Ohio #Smallbiz owner, I can assure you what we had before ACA was NOT working, either.  Keep ACA & transition to single payer.
Yes we should always be improving our healthcare system , that doesn't mean start from scratch keep the no caps and pre existing conditions
Taking healthcare away from millions should keep you awake at night. Fix the ACA and stop sabotaging it.
We spend $3.23 Trillion on healthcare, if it was nationalized we could spend $1.68 Trillion, talk about a TAX CUT.1.55 Trillion a YEAR!
You need to read these replies @senrobportman
Sounds like an endorsement for single payer! Please do.. Until then, any GOP plan that cuts aid while funneling $ to the rich is ghoulish.
No single payer rationed healthcare doesnt work never has. Every SP system kills ppl ...wait 4ever 4 any service. #aca ruined US healthcare
I'm not sure which is harder to understand, your syntax or your logic. Either way, I'm giving you an "F" and encouraging you to read more.
Of course you r lacking a brain. I prob read more than u ever have lol 2 funny  another ignorant lib who knows nothing
My initial reply could have been nicer, but I critiqued your text, not your person. I'm sorry that you couldn't give me that same courtesy.
Lol touched a nerve...did I? My dissertation was the value of organisational knowledge management
Don't worry, you haven't touched a nerve. You're just a fun distraction from my work. I just was expecting more substance in return.
God bless you. Do you understand the law of large numbers? Some parts of the ACA help insurance companies to lower premiums. God Bless all
Then improve on it, don't decimate it. Right now it's the only thing keeping some of my family members alive. Please. Please.
Yesterday you twittered that the repeal option wasn't good. Grow a spine, take a side and stop trying to pander to both sides of the aisle
You should be honest and work to improve on what is, current efforts only make things worse.
It is working! Now, do your job and represent the people of Ohio. NOT the President and his Golman-Sachs cabinet.
For me personally, the ACA has been great
That crap the GOP is peddling is not going work for ALL of Ohio.
Do not vote for Trumpcare! When is your next town hall near Cincy? I'd like to be there.
the answer is to #RepealObamacare. The Federal government does not belong in the insurance business; let the #freemarkets work.
No,  we have to fix what we currently have. Just because it was enacted under Obama doesn't automatically make it evil.
But I don't see how the proposals from Republicans achieve that outcome.  It doesn't lower the cost of health care.
The reason so many insurance companies are leaving the marketplace is the uncertainty of the ACA. Please abandon all efforts to repeal. Fix!
Make no mistake, you will be held accountable for your sabotage of #ACA. You continue to put party over people, and the people are done.
Work to fix it, you can't come close to getting the same coverage for money. No cuts to Medicare. We know to hold responsible!
Why is it not working? Because the GOP has sabotaged it from the beginning of the Trump adm and you've sat in your hand. Uncertainty!!!
Lower costs to the system requires lower drug price gouging, hospital charges, fewer duplications of services, all not addressed by #BCRA
Lower costs in premiums means fewer essential benefits, crappy plans, & without the mandate, no chance in hell! #BadBCRA @Drsforamerica
How about you and the rest of the GOP stop sabotaging it and try to improve it
Hey @senrobportman, I'd love 2 quit my full-time job 2 create a #SmallBiz. But I have pre-existing condition so I can't do that if #ACA goes
The #ACA has reduced medical bankruptcies. Maybe learn the #facts instead of simply hating on everything Obama did?
So fix and fund the ACA. It was on track for record enrollment and WAS lowering costs UNTIL Trump started his sabotage tactics.
A little extra $$ for opioids doesn't justify a vote for BCRA. What about the rest of us not on opioids?That doesn't solve it
It is working for far more than not, keep telling yourself them Trump lies and find urself unemployed
We need to improve ACA or join the rest of the developed world withUniversal Healthcare.Why can't everyone be covered?
The ACA is working for my special needs son. Without it, we may need the govt for care.
A GOP goal is less people on Medicaid. don't vote for a bill that kills healthcare. I want to keep my private insurance.
But the GOP bill is not the answer.
Did tou start taking heroin- ACA  IS WORKING for most Ohioans- what the hell is wrong with you?
It COULD work for all Ohio families if Repubs and Trump weren't deliberately sabotaging it. The #BCRA hurts all but the rich. Vote NO.
But not what is being proposed in the Senate right now.
Lots of things aren't working Healthcare, roads, bridges, schools, banking, housing seems like perfect time for another tax cut for the rich
It 80% works. Fix the other 20% and forget about repealing it. Instead, figure out how to hold down cost by govt being 1 buyer for meds
Yes it is. What planet are you on? Stop sitting on the subsidies. Stop lying. @GOP refused to work to improve the ACA. Reality is...
@SenateMajLdr has been on a vicious, hateful, vindictive, vengeful campaign to destroy "all things Obama". Your "leader" is a bigot and...
a "good old southern white boy" who would wear his white sheets in DC if he thought he could get away with it. You are complicit and...
just as guilty bc you're riding his "vendetta train".
Wrong rhetoric. That's McConnell and Ryan song. That means booting 23 mil off healthcare.
So investment tax cuts lower cost how? Or increases options? How does cutting Medicaid help with those? Hint: they don't
The GOP proposal would cut taxes for those with financial means and remove protections for the vast majority of Ohioans.  Be honest!
@daveweigel We have a ratio alert. It's ugly for Bobby.
So make the ACA better. It helps more then it hurts...you are elected to fix not destroy. Hope this isn't s lead in to you caving in...
Perhaps bc of @GOP sabotage and Trump malfeasance? Fix ACA. That's what we want!
Because you and Trump are sabotaging it.  Quit trying to convince us it is ok to vote for the BRCA.  No reflection for you!!
Hard to make lives better for Ohioans when you won't hold a town hall & let us speak with you. Keeping ur distance makes it easy to hurt us.
You know other countries have had a lot of luck with single-payers systems. Just sayin'
You don't have to "create" anything. The plan is in place - improve it without taking healthcare away from anyone
You've had 7 years to fix #ACA so where's the fix? You were one of the white guys behind closed doors writing #GOP bill! So where's the fix?
That won't happen through the BCRA. Propose a new bill that actually lowers costs or increases options. Not slashes it all.
don't need to replace, just fix it. Stop wasting time and work together to make it better
Maybe you could start by not intentionally sabotaging it?
So what, you do away with it altogether? Modify it, fix it, don't completely chuck it away. I say this as a doctor who practiced in Ohio.
The ACA is being strangled & sabotaged. Pay the providers &maybe they'll stay in the statesz Fix whatever is wrong stop trying to repeal it!
And it is working for millions!!!!!
I had Obamacare for 18 months through CareSource in Dayton Ohio. It worked great for me. I loved it. What are you talking about?
The #ACA has reduced the number of uninsured in the US to a record low. Less children go without insurance than ever before. Improve ACA!
Make things better. #BCRA and #AHCA take insurance away from people. They increase cost for small businesses. They raise deductibles.
#BCRA & #AHCA kill patient protections.They raise costs 4 seniors, creating an age tax. They raise costs 4 people w/ preexisting conditions.
#BCRA & #AHCA kill essential benefits. Families will need to pay more 4 maternity care. Mental health & addiction services won't be covered.
#BCRA & #AHCA would hurt Ohioans caught in the opioid epidemic. They will no longer have access to care. You must do better Senator Portman.
#BCRA & #AHCA gut #Medicaid,hurting seniors, children, people w/ disabilities and low income people. 49% of births in US=#Medicaid births.
We need real solutions. We need a bipartisan effort, not bills hidden in basements & written by one party w/out debate. Without experts.
.@senrobportman don't make a deal & support a terrible, cruel legislation. That is not a "win". All American would lose. You must do better.
maybe true but the new bill is MUCH worse!
Figure it out then. It's not rocket science.
I left U VM about this. Don't repeal "needs work" w/ this "wealth redistribution"under guise of healthcare disaster bec/ R's need win.


Tell my daughter why mom and dad are gonna go bankrupt to keep her alive.
Ok, but not sure how kicking 22 million people off  will do that.   #ProtectOurCare
Fraud.
So you say, but that is NOT what you're doing. 22 million w/o insurance, draconian Medicaid cuts, unconscionable tax cuts for top 2% = BAD!
Perhaps but the current plan is not better. Especially for many addicts in Ohio that need treatment and help. Not a mean-spirited plan. NO!
Or work with dems to tweak ACA. ACA Medicaid pre-existing conditions protections ACA .
Key word? Better. The bill currently under consideration is not.
Okay, but so far your party's plans make things worse for lots of people.
Giving the wealthy a big tax break and throwing 22 million of America's sick, elderly, disabled, & poor off healthcare isn't a solution.
To create a better #healthcare system, we expect you to work in a bipartisan effort w/ Dems & w/ hearings & transparency, not in secrecy.
Keep Medicaid.  How about Single Payer?  No to #TrumpCare as written.
Except what you were prepared to back was not it. Man up
I smell waffling. Please don't. Fix what's broken for your constituents; don't abandon progress! Don't succumb to McConnell's sweeteners.
You are a wholly owned subsidiary of #RobertMercer and #KochBros industries.   It is just so awkward watching you pretend otherwise.
Still waiting to hear if you have that spare bedroom for my dad to live in when kicked out of nursing home due to no Medicaid - ideas?
The ACA is working for about 500,000 Ohio Families. It needs improvement for about 20,000. Stop pretending you care. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQZAs3ZS_ZE …
If the only reason you can't revise and re-energize Obamacare is because you can't speak to a democrat, well that's just lame and a cop out
Then fix it, jeez, this is not rocket science, just fix it & everyone is happy ...
The "fixing" the #ACA with the #AHCA is like pushing your car into the ocean because it's out of gas.
Is this your run up tweet so you can prepare us in advance of voting for the monstrosity that @SenMajLdr has cooked up?
7 years and the GOP has accomplished nothing. The first time you have a chance you bring out a bill that is a complete embarrassment.
When Rs figure out a better healthcare system come back and discuss it with voters, until then leave ACA alone. No backroom deals either!
Lies. The ACA is working better than it's absence for most Ohioans. Just not the ones bribing you
Yes you and the @GOP has stated that several million times but did nothing but vote to repeal the #ACA you had years to plan and work #sad
Suggest a real idea.  And hold it up to scrutiny.
SINGLE PAYER NOW
Because you aren't funding it and spew rhetoric causing massive market uncertainty.
Blame the Heritage Institute and Mitt Romney it was their plan everybody else wanted single payer and the profit out of people's healthcare
Fix the ACA.  Don't throw away the progress that was made.
Fix it don't repeal it! A statute that reduces taxes for Warren Buffett by 600K a year is not healthcare. He agrees! #howtheacasavedmylife
Agreed. It's a shame that the bill produced in secret and then attempted to steamroll through was so much worse for #Ohio. 7yrs for that???
Ok. 1. Demand your party stops breaking ACA & fund it. 2.be honest & admit it helps many families too 3. work across isle & make it better
Work w the dems and make something that works then. Taking bribe money for opioid crisis doesn't make #trumpcare a good bill for OH. #voteno
Insurance reform.  too greedy !
The BCRA is not a better healthcare system. In fact it isn't a system. It is a tax cut for the rich paid for by cutting Medicaid. Vote NO!
Obamacare is providing medicine I need. Will U take it away from me so U can give a tax cut to a wealthy few? Show U care. Vote no Trumpcare
My parents were doing pretty good. When they lose their Medicaid, they could lose their home.
Your statement is an easy one to make. To have a real discussion we must establish some ground rules. 
1. Is Healthcare a fundamental right?
ACA has protections that must be preserved, pre-existing cond, no caps for coverage, no age limits, please preserve protections!
bullshit.
The chances of your GOP colleagues doing that on their own are less than zero.
To do so, we need a democratic process with hearings, experts. The proposed law is bad result of bad process. #democracy
Why don't you consider single payer? Medicare taxes+insurance premiums= equal care+lower costs. WHAT A CONCEPT!
ARE YOU MEAN & NASTY. That's TRUMPCARE, a plan to give tax breaks to the rich and deprive the poor of their right to healthcare? SHAME.
Proposed legislation does NONE of that. Work to fix ACA problems across the aisle.
Don't start this crap again
You present yourself as a moral person so fight against greed. Fight for the health and well being of the poor. Fight to represent Ohioans!
Work with the Democrats!!!
Or...improve upon it, pay the subsidies and stop making it a political vendetta.
REPEAL OBAMACARE!
Do you think we are all dummies?!
So why not work with Dems and fix the ACA. It was a Republican plan after all
The best way to lower the cost of insurance and medical treatment is single-payer. If everyone has access to healthcare, hospitals don't...
...have to provide "free" treatment that we all pay for, & those who are treated aren't just stabilized and sent home. Instead of paying...
premiums you pay taxes. Medicare and Medicaid have proven that the government can do this better than private insurers, at lower cost
Maybe not working for some, but working very well for most. The expansion of Medicaid has saved countless lives. Thank Kasich for this...
...because the GOP controlled state House & Senate have been against it from the start, and are trying to take it away with the budget bill
Well you have had a shitload of time. 7 years ?  You'll forgive us if we don't have a lot of faith in your approach . Work with Dems !
I sent you a fax. Try to imagine you and your wife were in my husband's and my place. It's Medicaid with no limits or death for us.
Designate the "for profit" health insurance to "non-profit" cutting their premiums & deductibles by at least 60% across the population.
When are you republicans going to start? Or u waiting for the nod from the Russians
Start listening to your constituents.  ACA may not work for some Ohioans and small businesses.  #Trumpcare will add many more to your list!
But Trumpcare is NOT the answer if you want to improve upon #ACA ... Trumpcare is the opposite of care, its a death sentence for so many.
It's working for me
Lower cost? PPL want healthcare coverage. If you don't pass something ppl will be left without insurance! Don't FAIL US! Vote yes!ThenFixIt.
if they and you work with Dem's, we would all be better off.  No one will trust that you would ever do both  R&R of ACA.
That should not include ANYTHING like what is being proposed. Do not be bought off by McConnell. Listen to Kasich.
Universal healthcare is needed!
simply increasing the subsidies for the ACA so more insurance companies participate in the exchanges wd be a great first step! #SaveOurCare
Have you considered fixing what's not working before tearing it down & rebuilding? Seems pretty obv to those not trying to score pol points
That means more, not less, gov help. You understand that right? Can't make it better *and* give a tax cut to the rich - mutually exclusive.
You don't think fixing the ACA is an option? Why not?
#NoAHCA this bill would be so much worse for Ohioans.
Please represent all ur constituents. Vote NO on this bill  then work collaboratively with Dems to come up with a better solution For all.
So do it in open format with public input and debate.  Not hiding behind closed doors.
And the proposed AHCA is much worse. The problem is not healthcare, it's the insurance industry. Start to focus on changing them.
But it does for MANY.  I'm an OH small biz that can do so BECAUSE of ACA.  I have no complaints.  Don't start over.  Fix what doesn't work.
So work on fixing the PPA ACA and helping Ohioans keep healthcare. Stop enabling bad policy.
Why can't you diagnose the problems and work to fix them?
I hope this doesn't mean you are abandoning Medicaid for 700,000 Ohioans.
We don't want to give tax breaks to the rich.  Single payer sounds good to me.  It works for Medicare when you leave it alone.
Taking billions out of the healthcare system isn't gonna help Ohio's families or small businesses. It's only gonna help the wealthy.
Be a leader.  Be a patriot.  Work with Dems to find a GOOD solution to healthcare.
Yes and you and all the other congressmen must be required to enroll in the bill you pass. Good enough for us, good enough for you
Well then do it already... that piece of crap legislation that you helped pen certainly isn't the answer!  Go back to work for all of us!
Single Payer
Well that current shitburger if a bill does neither. You've had 8 years. What the hell do you guys do all day?
We don't care about choices you keep talking about, we just want to know when we get sick that we can go to the doctor and not have to worry
We want to have the bills paid and not go bankrupt paying them. We don't want to spend our whole paychecks on premiums and deductibles.
DONT YOU DARE GET RID OF IT YOULL SCREW OVER FREELANCERS, SICK PEOPLE, AND SO MANY MORE.
Keep talking about repeal and replace and the folks out here in the real world just want you to fix the problems with ACA and then shut up.
Single Payer!
And it is working for plenty.  Please conference with Democrats to find a bipartisan solution.  No repeal, fix the ACA.
I am SO tired of these republican talking points (aka lies).  Plz don't move too quickly.Hold hearings with experts.
You've literally had YEARS to fix it. Not one of you has come up with anything better. A bipartisan effort is needed.
How about one that doesn't kill us? Country before Party, we are watching. I already know, your interests before the people of Ohio. Sad
BCRA will not work for ANY Ohio families. Work with Dems to shore up markets & lower costs in good faith. & No blood money tax refunds.
It is a life-saver for many.  Don't toss the baby out with the bathwater.  Actually it should be pretty easy to fix. Consult  Brookings Inst
Please make sure it really is better. Otherwise, you will be participating in yet another "help the rich get richer" con job.
Fine, then take your time study what people need.  The plan you have now is worthless to the people. VOTE NO
#repeal full repeal no replace no federal $$ 4 ohio problems Local state issue not my tax dollars 4 Ohio's inability 2 solve state problems
Yeah. You've sabotaged the ACA instead of improving it. Shame on you for touting this line.
.@senrobportman your statement is concerning. Please remember that you are one of the few who can protect all Americans from BCRA.
The senate Republican bill is not the solution. Why don't you just work towards universal healthcare? Please do not support this bill.
.@senrobportman the BCRA is not the solution. Please rise above politics and Obama spite, reach across the aisle and fix the ACA.
I guess he's voting yes
The ACA has been the law for 7 years.
Q: What did you do to help it?
A: Nothing.
Q: Did you want it to fail?
Great work on behalf of Ohioans
#I'm @senrobportman #and #i #love #hashtag #platitudes
The ACA has been working great for my #smallbiz. Reach out by DM and lets chat next week.
The current bill does the opposite of accomplishing those goals. Fix the problem, don't create new ones.
The Senate bill is not that, not ok.  Vote no
Your bill will sadly take away health care for older small business owners who bought for years, and now need it
And the Senate bill is worse.  Repeal and replace is not the answer.  Fix ACA.  #ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid
