You need to address taking $ from public schools to support the greedy profiteers of failing charter schools & vouchers. Support K-12 ed!
bullcrap - vouchers help students go to great schools. Prob w/ k-12 public schools is cultural, not $$
Great tax write-offs for the wealthy. I taught in low income & high income areas of Ohio & witnessed high quality education.
If that is true then please do something about the current budget and cuts Sec DeVos is recommending!! Ohio is watching!
Then why did you vote Betsy Devos? You have no shame.
Anyone here feel like he's not listening? 44236
Of course not, neither staffers nor Portman read these personally. They mostly just tally them to gauge support.
To gauge support? Or lack thereof?
It usually goes something like "x constituents want y"
Im sure that supporting tax cuts for the top 1% and corporations will do..... that....... some................ how.........................?
.@senrobportman How about talking with @SenSanders and @SenWarren? They have a plan.
Dems plan sucks
Then tweak it. It's called governing. People used to do it.
bad ideas.
YES WE DO! WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT? @SenSanders @SenSherrodBrown @RepSteveChabot #OhioVoter
Hey, Elizabeth Warren has a solution to this isdue. Why not get on board with it? Talk about a stimulus more money in pocket =more spending
And medicine
V
You should've vote #NoDevos
Are you really re-introducing another bill that has failed in the past?
Dear America-
    Not all #Ohioans are this stupid!
Please make sure to protect the Public Service Employee Loan Forgiveness program- I'm almost half way through, it's unfair to change this!
Oh, and I'm one of your constituents- 45239!
You've has 7 years to address this. It isn't anything new. Why haven't you done anything about it? DO YOUR JOB
Then why did you confirm Betsy Devos, moron?
YOU voted Trump, YOU confirmed DeVos. Who is this "we" you speak of?
I'll be paying mine back with my social security check, unless you republicans manage to steal that from us.
We see who u are! The thrall of your actions are deafening, your words are empty!
Ahem. Betsy DeVos. *cough cough*
#Education is an #investment. BEST return on money and grows jobs, grows new business, grows the economy and grows the tax base
If you believe that then keep DeVos' fingers out of the pockets of U.S. students. Do not cut funding for education.
This Registered Nurse will die with her debt. Ridiculous that we have to be ripped off at every turn in this country.
Let's close #FedEd forever and let the states do their job of educating students. Follow the Constitution. No federal interference.
It is about time you do this.  My grandson will owe in excess of $50,000.00 for his education at UC. A hell of a way to strt
hell I'm in my 40's w/ way more for the same school. Adults returning to school get the shaft even worse
Make the debt dischargeable in bankruptcy If a bank knows its getting paid no matter what they give out whatever and schools raise tuition
why are college cost going up? Might have something to do with federal and state funding not keeping pace with rising enrollments
Did u vote for Betsy Devos? Yes or no. If yes, you can stop the charade right now.
Then why did you vote to confirm Betsy DeVos? Her plan makes it harder to pay back loans.
You don't get to pretend to care about student debt AND support #DeVos.
You betrayed the students of Ohio and cannot back-peddle now.
... said @SenSanders looooong ago. Welcome aboard, Portman.
Sec Ed is a large part of the problem.
Ya think!  Hmm I believe that thought was brought about by a Democrat running in last election but your GOP doesn't feel it's an issue
Why, then, did you vote to confirm Sec. Betsy DeVos?
how about making SL companies apply payments toward payoff rather than "future pmts" - thievery!
public service loan forgiveness no big deal most never qualify. SL cos. Make repayment difficult w/ pmt application games
how about we address the push for all to go to college? Ita not for everybody. The debt is suffocating, believe me
Thanks to you and 91000 reasons you voted for @BetsyDeVos
Free???
You just waking up? Or just more fraud...
Ohio's funding for higher ed has plummeted in the past 10 yrs. Perhaps we need to address the failing support for college.
Thanks for voting in DeVos whose making it even worse. How can you know these things & then do precisely that which will make things worse?
Thank you for addressing this!! My son is a Junior at WVU and will end up $80 grand in debt!! No help for middle class!!
He isn't addressing shit, he is talking out of both sides of his mouth. He confirmed Sec of Ed who's against middle class. Open your eyes.
Let's start with keeping public service loan forgiveness intact. Also, K-12 programs for poor children that prepare them for college. 44240
Did you vote to confirm Betsy DeVos? For issues you pretend to be concerned about, your actions certainly aren't consistent!
Maybe you could take all of the money that you get from your corporate donors and give it back to students in the form of scholarships 
Agreed. But without ignoring those now in debt to gain a degree.  Your thoughts on Devos? And what do you propose to do? @OhioDistrict12
And yet you voted to confirm Betsy deVos. What did you think would happen?
This is something I'm made at u 4. @BetsyDeVos  ed. sec! U sold us out on this issue.  I implore you to hold a Town Hall Request no. 13
Like getting DeVos out of office. She's the one profiting from student loans...oh yeah, YOU VOTED FOR HER! More proof of your incompetence.
And you voted for DeVos? I detect the smell of hypocrisy. You continue to make bad choices for Ohioans. #dumpPortman. #DoYourJob
U vote like a party line pansy then tweet vapid empty crap. DeVos is a HUGE F. U earned that grade with your vote. @CbusIndivisible
Simplest fix - eliminate govt loan programs. Free money is spent very freely.
Talk to #bernie he has an idea to start with.
Getting rid of Public Service Loan Forgiveness is a travesty- don't let this happen! Betsy DeVos is a menace. Right this wrong, sir.
There's a correlation between federal student aid & tuition. The more taxpayer $$ you give students, the more colleges charge. #Economics
maybe you should have realized that before you voted for DeVos. But oh well.
How about starting with making sure Betsy Devos doesn't take away programs that helps us with debt already.  And make us pay till death
 it'll never happen. Why?? Because she's a horrible person with no concern for others and no soul.
Ominous...
I feel sorry for these kids! Someone needs to help them! And something needs to be done about what colleges are charging.
Yea - stop giving out loans to everyone
True statement, senator. My first quarter of tuition was $185 @ OSU. Please do something to atone for your DeVos vote, and put USA above GOP
Check out their endowments while you are at it.
Looking into cost of college is a good start but what about those already under a mountain of student debt? Gotta tackle both!
So stop talking and start doing.
Hey. Rising cost of college education? Is that a problem? MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE SOLD OUT TO BETSY DEVOES! Obama was doing something
YOU blocked everything he did out of racism, spite and partisanship. THEN you voted for a woman whonis actively removing ALL the protections
We need a secretary of education who views education as a public good not as a profit center.  Please don't confirm anymore DJT cronies.
Then why did you vote for Betsy Devos?
rise so, so much so fast. Don't give students or Big Education more cash until Big Education gives answers.  Looking forward to the results!
Good thing you voted for a competent SecEd. Oh, wait, you traded your vote for campaign cash.
Hmm, .@senrobportman maybe you should have thought about this before you voted to confirm DeVos?
I think he's thinking reelection. More words no action
Let's talk Pell Grants as well. I would not have attended undergrad in NE OH w/out it. This is lip service at best
the extraordinary cost increases in Big Education over the last 30 yrs. It took my alma mater, Yale, about 250 years to see it's tuition
How many of those with loans were able to get jobs?  More trade schools
ridiculous high tuition, room and board charges.  I look forward to University Presidents being brought before Congress to answer up for
Might want to talk to Betsy DeVos.
Yes we do! Have you seen #Education Budget? #DeVos et al are punishing poor students who take loans & pay back through service in poor ed.
"By removing loan forgiveness for teachers!"
—DeVos, Confirmed by Portman, 2017
Many of us have been waiting for our representatives to get after Big Education just like any industry. They have lots of Fed money on top
The least congress should do is align interest rates on existing loans to "prime".  Many are paying 6+%
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.121 @JoeSchiavoni
#Losers tweet like you care yet you give two s**** about the people you tweet about.  #Midterms2018 #2020 #RepealAndReplaceGOP @CNN
The *only long term solution* is to *lower* the cost of higher education.
I support a debt-to-income repayment cap, but that leaves the public footing the rest of the bill.
This is all true.   What would be your plan?  Tuition freezes?  Free state school for qualified residents?
Go ask Devos...she has wisdom and experience...oops my bad assumption. Maybe she can pay back the $she owes OH? @BetsyDeVos
🖒
Didn't NY just make state schools free? Do that!
We need to investigate student loan providers too.
We do! My girl's now a sophomore. I'm terrified of the debt in which we'll both be by the end of 4 years.
Please do not let POTUS remove the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program.
Otherwise, it's just education by the rich, for the rich.
