bullshit
.@senrobportman @BetsyDeVos  she will always choose profit over our children. Shame on you!
man you really drank the fucking Kool-Aid.
you're done Portman. Your opponent is going to be extremely well funded. Enjoy your last term. I hope 50k was worth it.
we won't forget this I hope the $ was worth it
@BetsyDeVos@NationalEdu How can DeVos even do a mediocer job when she has absolutely NO experience with public schools.
Sure she does because she has no idea how to do it herself!! Shame on you for your yes vote!! #notrightforOhio
as a military family who moves from state to state, it is frustrating to have states all do things so differently
Shameful. You chose Devos $$ over your constituents. We will remember.
can I borrow 20,000? No wait 52,000? Sellout  SMH
She supports schools for profit and funneling money away from public schools to support them. Shame on you!
Too late- this is the hill you die on. #Dontfuckwithourkids

You've awoken an army of angry moms and you will pay
We're heavily caffeinated and know how to mobilize on behalf of our kids. Wrong choice today.
as I read it, 15% of total votes cast is required for a recall.  That comes to just under 25,000 signatures
Just how would she know?
supports privatization, not public education. You're smarter than this.
Yes, so local school boards can introduce religious notions in science class.
this confirmation was shameful
I support a strong military. Doesn't mean I am qualified to defense secretary. Minimum qualifications?
Give up Portman.It doesn't matter how many times you say an alternative fact it doesn't make it real.
nope 
Local control- like schools in Texas having textbooks that distort history and teach creationism as "science"
My phone calls are unanswered , I DROVE down to your Cincinnati office, I feel like I am being ignored.
If you believe that I have some lovely oceanfront property in Obetz you can buy for $51,000.00! You jerk!
because she doesn't know anything about Public edu. So she's leaving it up to 'locals' to do her job for her?
supports your political campaign and controls your  votes. She's even said so, at least she's honest about it.
the way it should be!!! Thank you for voting for our children's future!
Ohio has control of funding schools which is deemed unconstitutional ...So how's that worked???
she also gave you 51,000 dollars. Thanks for listening to your people. What a joke.

She also supports taking money from those schools and funding unaccountable for-profit "schools."
Keep repeating that over and over so your kool-aid drinkers think it is true. Shame and lies.
Local control for wealthy. Rural Ohio will suffer. No options. No infrastructure. No $$. You've given up on us.
no, she supports raping public school systems. Ohio children will lose out because of your decision. Shameful.
she is a threat to public education which is the bedrock of a democratic society
You sold your vote and we will not forget this come election time.  You can not hide from your constituents. Shame on you
You spineless sellout. We will NOT forget, and you WILL be voted out. #51000dollarsforyourvote #ShameOnYou
You SOLD America's children to DeVos. We won't forget. https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=hm-f3jab87U&u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DM4CVZnGJIzQ%26feature%3Dshare …
by defunding local public schools and sending my fed taxes to pay private and religious schools? How is that supporting me?
puts profits before education, has no qualifications for the post. Sad day for the nation #PortmanForSale
If you can't stand up for our kids in the face of this blatantly unqualified nominee, why should Ohioans vote for you?
DeVos is an embarrassment and a danger to our schools. We will not forget that you sold us out today.
will abandon public education on behalf of private interests. Society benefits from a good education for all
Dumbing down of America. Check with the teachers in Ohio.
She also supports funneling tax dollars from public schools to private religious schools.
the angry moms will come for you in 2018. You deserve it. @BetsyDeVos
Craven @senrobportman. Shame on you!
Bad excuse. You can't use "local control" as a reason when all your "local" voters TOLD YOU we didn't want her.
Sen., thanks for the aye vote for Betsy. Time to do something  for the students. Don't forget yes on Jeff Session
You are a fraud. If she didn't bribe you with a $51,000 check, you'd find @BetsyDeVos to be as big a joke as rest of us.
Very disappointed in yr vote. Lynch was qualified; Devos not qualified. Where's the $5 mil she owes our state?
shame on you.  so you can be bought for $51K?
your vote today told me where our children's education ranks.  You just lost a vote next election.
Your vote for DeVos proves we have the best government money can buy.
Tell us when you lost your integrity and decided to sell out your country to DeVos, Senator.  Disgusting.
She knows nothing about education!  You sold out!!!
I am committed to actively campaigning against you in 2022. You represent OH voters. You work for us, not the GOP or the WH.
how would she possibly know what would be good for schools or communities?  She is unqualified!  We will remember.
I  voted for you Senator Portman, and I regret it. I guess money is more important than Ohio's children.
Please, explain what this means...?
Just Stop you aren't convincing anyone
#NotoDeVos #resist
#SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor
She wants to kill public ed. What's wrong with you.
as long as they teach faith based science. she had no idea how things work in public schools at her hearing
You can't win this argument b/c teachers know about education issues and what you've done to make our jobs harder
#sellout
Republicans gave us A Nation at Risk, loads of tests and No Child Left Behind. You've never wanted local control
Meaning students from poor families are screwed.
yeah like if they don't want to teach science- that should just work out fine
She knows nothing about education but donated to your campaign. It's clear that #MoneyVotes #SpinelessGOP
supports *corporate* control of our schools on behalf of *millionaires* -- fixed it for ya
glad you enjoyed your  @BetsyDeVos campaign contributions. The swamp runneth over.
.@senrobportman @BetsyDeVos gave you $51,000 in exchange for your vote. This will be your last term in the senate. Save this tweet.
but most kids in THIS country including mine attend public schools, so wtf is your point?
don't forget your gun in case of a grizzly bear attack
schools need to be in the control of education professionals, but that's not what the bribes say I guess. Shame.
We will remember next election. Out you go.
I always like if my public officials seem smarter than me.... that's not happening anymore
sell out
parents and local communities*   *who can pay 
SHAME ON YOU. U have sold our children's education for Money #GREEDY I WILL NOT VOTE FOR YOU #OhioVoter
I am a public school teacher and mother. The weight of the sadness in our school was heavy today. You failed us.
$60 mil of Cincy tax dollars funneled to private/charters. How much more under @BetsyDeVos? How is that local control?
supports making a profit on our kids education. $51k was all it took to buy your vote. #sad
Education sold to the highest bidder. #ForShame
Ohio's school funding is still unconstitutional 20 years later. Local control at work? No!
Need to get rid of the public unions, nothing but thieves
What good does "local control" do when your sch bd is full of not-smart people? It's damaging to kids! Wise up, @senrobportman!
You made the wrong choice. We will remember that you sold out our children. Especially those with disabilities.
COWARD! SHAME ON YOU!
You let the great state of Ohio down by voting for @BetsyDeVos for #EducationSecretary
yeah, she supports religious, private schools that preach against science and are hostile to LGBT students
profit and God coming to a school near yo
You betrayed the dhildren of Ohio. Do not think that Ohio will forget that your vote was bought and paid for. She owes us $.
.@senrobportman Every time your voters try to enact local anything (wages, sanctuary status) the GOP kills that too. Stop pretending.
so you ignored everyone, but will expect us to remember you when you want. Oh we won't forget citizen Portman!
yea? Well our local community Schools don't listen to the parents and appoint who they want.

Nov 6th 2018. #sellout #bribery #paytoplay #traitor #seeyouinohioasshole
Local control? How about the finest education based on research and experience.
When will she pay what she owes Ohio? @BetsyDeVos
you sold your soul to the DeVos family we will never forget
It also sounds like she supported your campaign to the tune of $50,000. No?
you ignored your people time will show what you have done you were bought


Woefully unqualified. You are going to create a generation of undereducated children. #Shame


you need an asterisk on these tweets and a footer showing how much @BetsyDeVos paid you to say them. #puppet #shameful
you could have stood up for Ohio's children, but you failed to think further than her money. Shame on you.
Shame on you! What a joke.
and guns for grizzlies. Absurd choice. Thanks for failing our kids. Constituents matter you didn't listen.
made the first political donation of my LIFE today to @SenSherrodBrown in honor of this vote
do you support Donald's balls when your working his shaft?
that a load of BS
This is another way of saying f@ck public schools.
You voted for money over the education and future of our children. I hope you are held accountable for this. Shame on you.
The only thing she supports is giving money to politicians. She's inept and you damn well know it!
Stop tweeting, we all know you sold our kids for a mere $51,000
please stop........
I guess $51k is valued more than OH parents voices. We'll see if that $$ is worth you losing your re-election
Worst. Idea. Ever.
Translation: Students don't make campaign contributions. Don't try to explain your ass here. It's embarassing.
she is a profiteer and privatization proponent. You know it! Thanks for supporting teachers
did she really give you $51,000 in campaign contrubutions?
She is unqualified and you have lost my vote next time, sir.
No. She is completely unqualified for the most important job re:the future of this country #YouWereBought
so do all the parents I know ; seriously Rob, you missed your moment.
Have Betsy pay for some one to answer you phone too
Both of you are useless! The job of the Education secretary is to make our schools better. Not shut them down!
You are such a disappointment to Ohio. #notabuckeye
I can't decipher if you are greedy, or you just think you are untouchable. How could you openly defy your constituents?
you're both incredibly disappointing. Especially you, Senator. You should be ashamed of yourself.
You sold out your constituents. You ignored all the phone calls and emails. I guess her money was more important.
$51,000 seems like a bargain. Do we need to start a gofundme page to buy your vote to keep healthcare for Ohioans?
Nobody wants to nationalize public schools. @BetsyDeVos wants to make them profit centers for her rich friends, @senrobportman. Thanks Rob.
Just no.  And that's how I'll be voting next time you run for any office.
just lost so many conservative votes. Why did you not do what your Ohio constituents have overwhelmingly asked you to do?!
she couldn't be a substitute teacher #sad
Her views of choice are based on religion and wealth, not on quality education. Re-election will be hard for you.
I'm from NJ. I will donate to whoever runs against you. Criminal.
You can't spin this one. You sold out and now will be voted out
yeah that's one way to spin being a spineless, bought and paid for shill.
At the expense of public schoolchildren.
I thought she supported accountability? #NoonDeVos
She is incompetent!
I hope she will continue to support you with her funds. I will do everything I can to oppose your re-election!
unqualified
Unqualified for the position and you knew it.
Where “local control” means being able to teach religion or freely discriminate.
Which is exactly the worst possible thing for 89% of Ohio's public schools.
shame on you, senator. what you've done is a disgrace. we will not forget come election season.
You lost my respect and vote. You do not care about all children. Shameful action. IQ no. $$$ yes.
You both support taxpayer-funded schools that are controlled by - and benefit - corporations and churches
I'm sure a qualified nominee could have been found who also supported those things. You were bought. #sellout
she wouldn't know a public school if it walked up and bit her. You have #failed Ohio, Senator
I don't see a single positive comment on this thread. You obviously no longer work for us.
Enjoy your payout, Portman. Thanks for screwing over the kids and teacher. Hope it was worth it.
$ell out $ell out $ell out $ell out $ell out $ell out $ell out $ell out $ell out $ell out $ell out $ell out
good thing y'all aren't passing legislation that bars the localities you care for from establishing wage laws



You have her money. You won't have our vote. Coward
Coward.
NEVER FORGET! Start looking for a new job, Portman.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
No means no. Oh, wait...you're republicans. Tried listening to your now non-existant voters??
so we won't have to accept any policy change we don't agree with?
As a public educator, I am disgusted by the stupidity of @BetsyDeVos and the bald-faced venality and cowardice of @senrobportman.
and she gave you $51k
If you believed in "localism" you would have voted with your constituents and not your party.
you know very well what this will mean to the children. How you could sell out for her contribution is beyond me.
don't plan on having a job come 2022
local control to fine scam charters? where's our $5.3M? #dumpdevos
Price? $51,000. Cost? Our children's future.
legit laughing at you.
how much do I need to contribute to be secretary of interior?  My qualifications are as follows, I've been to a park.
yes, to qualify you would have to 1) hate parks and 2) never have been inside a park
ohio will remember this at voting time
padded your campaign coffers and you failed Ohio's children. Enjoy your last term as a senator from Ohio.
Oh goodness. Please stop trying to polish this you know what.
