Can't wait to attend a town hall, and again, you are welcome to visit my Cincinnati public school classroom anytime!
do you support how Potus is attacking the press
That's ironic.  Are you going to actually hold a town hall which your Democratic constituents can attend?
town hall
PLEASE donot let them take away or cut our SS & Medcare There sre seniors like us who depend on SS and cant work illness.Pls
Really? Looks to me like you don't hear a thing your constituents say! I have never regretted voting for someone as much!
wonderful, since you're listening please acknowledge my request for a public town hall meeting. I call everyday #TownHall
Party or Country? Stand up to autocratic tendencies. Investigate. Reelection isn't your job--representing us is.
that's great! So when is the nex townhall?
Oops....pix must be in error. This is just a planned, structured meeting, not an open town hall. #hopedTheyDidntNotice
Only those who agree with you though, right? When is the townhall? #DoYourJob Private meetings with cheerleaders do not count
what exactly do we have to do to get you to hear us? Visiting supporters isn't a town hall. I can't even get through on phone
Still here. Still waiting. **crickets** 43235
And by input he means money, and welcome only to GOP. #updateyourresume #wheresrob
Really? Thanks for trolling us. I started out being meh about you but now I'll work for the next four years to get you out
get your head out of the sand and quit lying! goes unanswered, no #TownHall. You work for US! #Ohio
Why share my input if you are just going to vote the party line and not actually represent your constituents?  Disappointed.
THAT'S NOTHING BUT A LIE when you won't talk to or allow anyone with opposing views into your meetings!!  You're done Portman
Thank you & please help get the nominees confirmed!
I think not as you do not represent me nor many of your constituents.
when will you meet with Cleveland constituents?
Please keep Ohio conservative
Thanks Rob! Hope you can press your colleagues into getting @POTUS agenda exhilarated & The appointees in place!
I used to have a bit of respect for you. Then I watched you vote. Shame on you.
My friends (not a mob) laid out the case for needing a Town Hall bc no one can get through to you on the phone. #TownHall
you seem to only want to hear from hand picked constituents. I voted for you, have a town hall meeting. 45177
Why is the Senate/Congress ok with Russian collusion, treason, exploitation, racketeering, profiteering, and white supremacy?
You are my Senator. I'd like answers to those questions too.
when will you and your GOP colleagues stand up for justice & democracy? Your silence is sickening
We are a REPUBLIC not a democracy. Democracies fail.
you are such a fake!  I can't even stand it. #wheresisportman #notownhall #constituents
Thanks. POTUS'S tax returns,  please.
.@senrobportman Town hall!  Town hall!  Oxford, OH! Oxford, OH!
I would like to attend your town hall. Please publish the date!
You have some nerve lying like that. 
Your silence on trump & admin's deep and persistent ties to Russia is deafening.
I enjoy the canned responses I've gotten back every time.
u represent the USA, not only your state and party. Do your job to protect this country. Demand a special prosecutor!!!!!
When is your next town hall?
2 American Indians shot by Trump supporter in Kansas, arson attack on mosque in Tampa. Weird. No tweets about these Rob?
when and where is your town hall? - you clearly have not been listening even though you claim to hear us
- then PLEASE don't repeal Obamacare. It has been very good for me and has saved me a lot of money.
Your vote for DeVos was not a fair representation of ohio voters. An unqualified person in education, is not what we wanted.
if you value our input, hold a #townhall next time you are in Ohio #wheresrob 45431
Failed to show for town hall in Bowling Green.  Over 300 constituents were there.  Only fund raisers counted for you.
.@senrobportman Then when will you hold a public #TownHall for #voter input and questions? Do not you hear #Ohio asking for this? #45701
Are you serious?
cool. When's that #TownHall ? Seems like you're only interested in cheap photo ops, please prove me wrong.
dodger
how about some town hall pics from 2017...
who are you kidding? You haven't listened yet!
.@senrobportman This feels unauthentic, since you refuse to hold a town hall and only speak with donors and GOP. You work for ALL OF US!
Nope. All staged or private. Sure not everyone agreed with you at those but not a real town hall. Light senatoring.
Senator, it is not OK to systematically deny your constituency access while cherry picking your audiences. Meet w/ ur people
So when is your town hall meeting in the CLE area?  We have PLENTY for you to hear!
And it's your JOB to listen!
DO YOUR JOB!
you welcome our input but welcome $51k even more.
.@senrobportman I love the totally staged photo (top right) of you talking on the phone to a constituent. It's almost believable. Maybe. No.
so you hear us but don't listen to us. There is a difference.
sir in these dark days your leadership is appreciated. Wish you had run for the presidency.
From your Sandusky County event, I assume you represent only Reoublicans.What about Independents & Democrats? Get a backbone!
Your constituents' input should be affecting you vote! Listen to your constituents!
a lie. You don't want to hear from all those you rep or you would do something about trump and Russia and ACA to protect us
you represent us also and have not set up a Northeast Ohio Townhall.
if you always welcome our input then have town halls.  We want to know you are listening and representing us.
How about return my calls.
Great! When can we get an in person town hall in Cincinnati that is held in the evening or on a weekend?
I left you a message on Facebook, I will try calling again, tomorrow.
IF you're invited to the event, or IF you buy a ticket to access your government, and then only IF you're the right party.
                                         
You could really hear from them at a town hall.
then meet with those of us who aren't addict, Republicans, or large donors. Try representing EVERY Ohioan, just once!
been meaning 2 talk 2 u about that,  not everyone u represent is white Repub, bound to employers expectations of conduct.
don't make your poor representation even worse. Who are u trying to convince, u or us? PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY
who are you trying to convince you don't put party over country
please stand up to Trump and Bannon - I was a stranger...
Have an open, public town hall! We want to dialogue, not just leave messages at your office. @CbusIndivisible @District3Cols
was that you that hung up on me when I called the Cincinnati office???
I have called many times and no response at all. Not even athe obligatory form letter.  Are you having a town hall? 43040
Oh come on! You welcome input as much as Trump welcomes Muslims.
you've expressed yourself by actions that you only want to hear from people who agree with you.Does not serve you well.
please post your views on the potential conflicts of interest of our president.
Stop the bolstering of ego ala DJT. Have a REAL town hall. Man up!  @ProgressOhio @empowerohio @indivisibledyt #russia
then why no town halls? Then why exclude Dems from your events? Actions>words.
It would be great if you heard from the other 55% of the people you represent.
u forgot to add "...input if you are a member of a specially selected friendly audience who will ask softball questions."
as long as that input agrees with you.....keep living in a bubble....its gonna burst in 2022
Why don't you let us know where you will actually be so your constituents can talk to you. Photo ops do not count.
Ok so lets build the Mexican wall with these
Then support the ACA and trans rights. Special prosecutor for Trump/Russia ties.
Please address your phone lines, we need to speak & leaves messages. Hold a town hall & listen. We need STRONG leadership.
you just need to listen!!
If only more elected officials felt this way. Thank you sir.
Here's my input.  Do not repeal ACA, push for an investigation into Russian/Trump ties and make him release his taxes!  45805

so many letters, so few replies
...welcome your input at a fundraiser.
then why decline to allow constituents to attend events if they aren't registered Republicans?
but you don't take our input seriously when we oppose your vote straight party & not for country
Is this a joke? Stop pretending you don't hear constituents clamouring for a #townhall. 
If you welcome our input then hold a real town hall and quit hiding from your constituents.
many of us have had difficulty hearing from you through email, phone calls, & letters. #DoYourJob
but you refuse to attend a town hall. Actions speak louder than words. #TownHall
But I think that means you don't represent everyone in Ohio, just the selected few.
Really. That's not what I'm reading...
then hold town halls with your constituents!
Why didn't you welcome anyone's input last year when you were urged to vote for a #SCOTUS nominee?
Then support the ACA and trans rights. Special prosecutor for Trump/Russia ties.
Then why are you ignoring your constituents when they appear at your office? Do your job - represent us!
@ohiogop Don't give in to Town Hall pressure- orchestrated protest disrupting anything positive. Keep working hard! 
Why do you want your Senator to remain in hiding?
THOSE you represent want Obamacare-including MedicaidGrants-repealed IN FULL..Can you hear us now??
we don't have $$$$ to buy your attention! Listen!
A lot of Photo opts
then listen to this. I'm from Ohio and I haven't heard anything good about your lack of action. No one is defending you
your votes didn't represent me
Do NOT repeal ACA.  If lifetime caps return I will be without insurance.  Listen to your constituents.  Have a town hall!
as you typed this you had to let out a sinister laugh, right?  You only welcome input when it comes with a check.
and a box checked Republican. He won't even let Democrats pay to speak with him.
hmmm. Then why haven't you had a town hall or made yourself available for calls?
Can I expect to see a slate of town halls across Ohio on your schedule?
how do #GOP hypocrites justify not wanting tax $ for abortion but support tax $ for religious education violating #SoCaS!
Great! When is your next Town Hall meeting?
We didn't want Pruitt & DeVos. @senrobportman = #Trumpsrubberstamp. Why is he profiteering using our highest elected office & why R U for it
Bullshit
What does this even mean? How can you represent us when you are scared to face us? How can work #4AllOhio ?
liar
Is this some Trump alt-facts? "I spoke with some friends and everyone loves me, here's some photos" #TimeForATownhall
How about you come to Dayton and meet w/parents & drs of trans kids so you can learn properly how to support them?
.@senrobportman I'm very glad to hear this! Can we please expect you to schedule town halls soon, then?
It's always good hearing from those I represent. It's an honor to represent #Ohio & I always welcome your input. 
Waiting for the details on that townhall Bob
just not enough to meet at townhalls #Coward
That's funny, since I certainly don't feel like my voice has been heard at all. Please respond to your constituents. --45223
Please have a real town hall, Senator, for ALL of your constituents. 43004.
.@senrobportman I believe you've been hearing from us. You just are not LISTENING!
what are the details of your town hall so.I.may attend?
You hear, but you don’t LISTEN, which is really the most important part of hearing. You ignore your constituents. 45069
lets have a town hall. I give you my word everyone will be #Ohio  polite and courteous
I'm a hot head, but I promise to be civil
same but we all need to be cool and get our points heard.
You would rather get the DeVos treatment though. Admit it.
"even though I'll completely ignore that input for $51,000"
Obviously you dont, because our input has been: have a #REALTownHallNOW.  #stopignoringus #listentoyourconstituents #ForReal
have a real town hall please. These safe space meetings you have don't cut it.
TOTALLY using that term: safe space meetings.  Excellent.
does that mean you'll be hosting a town hall in the next month?
Rob, please welcome input at a town hall.
