Agree now Tell @POTUS more ties suggests he disagrees, may be due to financial ties. #DoYourJob @SenSherrodBrown @boblatta
Stand up the those in the Trump Administration who aided, abetted and gave comfort to the Russian hackers.  Oh, that's Trump!
.@senrobportman These are meaningless words unless you are going to stand up to ur president, who is Putin's puppet. Will you be TBD?
Isn't the first step an independent commission to investigate the disturbing connections between Trump's admin & Russia? @senrobportman
Demand an independent investigation into Russian ties to @POTUS. Demand tax returns from at least a decade. This will help.
and how do you propose that when @POTUS refuses full disclosure of his Russian deals?
Remember when Manfort changed GOP platform on Ukraine  before GOP convention?
i know you do not like Pres.Trump but please work with Pres.Trump to make us better agen
the inheritance tax is unfair when you inherit things you get taxed when the person already payed taxes on it is taxed 2
.@senrobportman This is a good start. Now take the next bold step and demand that Sessions resigns immediately.
Let's start with a full investigation of Russian aggression within the executive and legislative branches. #Trumprussia
It's important that you stand up to WH on Russia. #GOPandKGBsittinginatree #stopthecoverup #independentcommission #standup
time to appoint independent special prosecutor Rob. We may have a number of traitors in the WH. How about you lead the charge
Stand up to Russian aggression in our White House!
Tell Trump to quit kissing their butt then.....
and investigate Trump's ties to Russia. Oh, that's right. You're party first. #trumpClownShow
And to investigate an administration whose election was supported and abetted by the Russian govt.
your president and his administration are out of control. Do something.
in less it is russa no one cares the workers here the health care act is killing workers the inheritance tax need to be gone
i love going to the golden lamb i know you are a busy man but it is a shame farm familys pay so much taxes are to high
Organize other GOP Senators and stand up for transparency in the WH regarding Russia. Actions speak louder than words.
watch it Drumpf won't like that kinda talk Putin either did you clear it with Bannon
i work at wal mart and i lost 5%  becouce of the health care act and i am getting less coverd no one cares  about workers
Agreed! But how will you get @POTUS to do this as well?
it is important that Republican members of Congress stand up and investigate the Russian connection SAD
the sen. needs to stop the trash or the people will take out the trash we need the sent. working for us not them sealf
And take a firm stance against continued Russian pressure on Baltic Sea countries + violations of their airspace.
put pressure on investigations regarding our election
We need an independent investigation of #Russian  interference with the last election. It is a national security issue.
you're finally seeing it's not Democrats v Republicans anymore! Let's get together and fight this injustice! Walk this walk!
The only way that will happen is if you remove this current Administration that constantly lies about meeting with Russians!
, what legislation are you proposing?  Our failing POTUS merely tweets things--don't be like him.
We DO CARE about his taxes, & will hold you & everyone else in a position to accomplish this accountable. Constituent 43004.
We pay your salary, Sen. Work for a bipartisan investigation into this administration's ties w Russia before, during & now!
But Russian meddling in US elections is okay as long as it benefits GOP? Trump is hurting our country and your party. Bigly.
You could start by standing up to Trump, who doesn't seem to think Russian invasion of a US-friendly country is a big deal.
...and more specifically in the USA!
We all thought you were there for us. Republicans, Democrats, Non voters, Ohio. Please prove us right! We can help!
You heard our disparate voices if you listened on you voice mail. You know we were scared. But nothing. You were not there.
uh... yes. #TrumpRussia?
you forgot about standing up to Russian aggression & corruption in #America. You voted Russia into the WH. #PutinsPuppet
Independent investigation needed to know all truths concerning DT / Russian $ connections to provide integrity
.Trump sounds more authoritarian with each tweet. The GOP needs to recognize what you, and we, as citizens,are dealing with.
. Get the Senate moving to investigate Trump and Russia. GOP needs to show some guts and stand up to the goons in DT team.
. In your weekly newsletter, you said Trump address brought a divided nation together. He blew it this weekend, again.
this kind hacking must be stop must be stop and I got proof Microsoft is hacking but guss what fbi refuses to look at it
then this get trace back to homeland or fbi or who ever u think the government beable to stand the law sutes will come from
I say this with upmost confendece that some agency of government has told them to do this want to ask when this found out
but more interesting why would Microsoft backdate there updates for and they are reason to get around usa laws
they are running same way same software not Microsoft software and there hideing part of indenfication as a hiker would
all 15 servers are hardcoded in the os all systems they get throw any firewall none stop them all severs are same
was ileagly accessing our computers all them all in usa but they clame was no hostal intent ? Microsoft is running 15 servers
how about u stop Microsoft from hacking our computers
5 week investigation from Microsoft they found that there severs
How about in US elections?
the head! You talk a good game sir, but you are walking on your knees!
SMH Mr. Portman to lose your seat huh! Not man enough to speak out against Trump! What u say means nothing until u address
Where is the GOP leadership here? Tax returns, daily incidents of incompetence, wire taps?What are you doing to stop this?
.@senrobportman are you going to address any of the d mocrscy-threatening events taking place in Washington?!?!
you are supporting a President with ties to Russia. Listen to your voters and demand an independent investigation....
I'm anxiously awaiting to see how you follow up on this with action.
great but how about within our own borders as well, will you sit idly by while our country is for sale for oil, debt, greed
can we stand up to the Russian aggression in the White House?
thank you for this. I take it you've been receiving the messages I've been leaving with your staff?
but not Russian aggression in the U.S.? What else would u call intervening in our election process? Country before Party. ACT
Party above country. Again.
then stand up and do something. You LOVE to tweet but don't like to ACT.
- when will Repubs stand up to Trump? He is using all of you as his pawns. Whipsaw.
Good to see you taking a position on this. Let's see Trumps taxes and an independent investigation into Trump Russia ties.
Make sure you express your position toward the Trump administration and not just us.  Stand up!
it is time to take ACTION & demand an independent investigator so ALL Americans will know the truth about Trump & Russia
Actions speak louder than tweets, Rob.
I hope that means you will support invest into Trumps Russian ties. #SCROTUS
What about Russian interference in the White House? Why haven’t you mentioned that?
So what r u going 2 do abt all the Russian connections in the Trump cabinet? R u going 2 ignore that or show some morality?
This does nothing to stop the danger posed by our White House. Do. Something. Already.
Thentalk some sense into trump. He's your guy.
It's more important to have an independent investigation of the role of Russia in our elections. #russiagate
U need to push 4 bipartisan investigation asap! If U support investigation 4 this wiretap nonsense I am going 2 lose my mind!
With Vladimir Trump @realDonaldTrump, that is doubtful
Need urgent intense independent investigation of #TrumpRussia #trumprussia . #hang anyone #guilty of #treason #aiding&abet
It is time for an independent bi-partisan investigation.
what about illegal immigrants here i  Ohio commiting crimes and taking jobs away from unskilled laborers?
And important to stand up against a Whitehouse in the pocket of Russian interests.
yes. And it's important to call for an independent investigation into Trump's ties to  Russia.#CountryOverParty
and what are you doing about it, Senator?
you will have to start standing up to your boss or possibly listening to your constituency #coward
YOU are a traitor!  SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!
Too bad your leader in the Senate, Turtle boy McConnell won't let that happen.  Must pay tRump for wifes job.
Please tell the POTUS to stop lying about wire taps and former President. It's disgraceful. Then, ask for Trump tax returns.
That's why it is so important to get to the bottom of the Russian connections in the current administration.
it's important that you investigate the president's ties to Russia--and listen to/see/take note of your constituents
We see that u r  positioning urself for reelection after DT goes down. Not good enuf. Stand up bravely for the USA!
when am I going to see you on tv demanding a special prosecutor? The GOP is putting their agenda over the USA's sovereignty!
I'm afraid that train left the station on November 8th.
Equally important to investigate Russian interference in our sovereignty & President's Russian web of contacts. #Trumprussia
RUSSIA RUSSIA $$$ -> Twit-Ler + Sessions = illegitimacy / treason #Trumprussia #WakeUpAmerica #ImpeachTrump
do your job....
Please demand independent investigation of Russian interference in the election.
It's important to get to the bottom of the Russian mess. GOP is about to be blamed. Release the taxes @ohdems
it is MORE important YOU stand up for YOUR PRESIDENT!
or even right here in the U.S.A.!
then how come the official GOP platform calls for not giving weapons to Ukraine to fight Russia? Trump got your tongue?
The #NeverTrumpers & Dems in full panic mode are reverting back to the dossier that looks like it was produced by a 9 yr old.
All things #Russia #russiagate must have #independentinvestgation by #SpecialProsecutor.The longer it goes on the worse it is
.@senrobportman @OtherMikeMiller then why did you support Donald Trump as President when it's clear he has no intent on doing that?
Country above party? Show you mean it.
#SessionsLied under OATH to Congress #SessionsMustResign Honesty & Integrity in gov't must be restored. GOP brand weakened!
Time @HouseGOP joins @HouseDemocrats in calling for an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia. Country before party!
what about trump and the Russians meddling in our elections ?
Independent investigation?
why?
How about in our own country!
Weren't we behind the coup in Ukraine in 2014?  Are we not pushing NATO eastward?   And planting offensive missile sites?
Also, Russian aggression to our democracy.
Do you mean that exposing DNC corruption is "aggression?"  Do you believe the Russians did it?
I believe that Putin's envoys and the Trump campaign/administration are guilty of collusion. We'll find out scale
Finally!  Now just one step further: Independent investigation into Russia's  influence in our elections!  Earn our respect!
Surely you'll demand a select committee to investigate Trump/Russia treason. If not, that makes you a co-conspirator.
Georgia is also a victim of Russian aggression
And even more important that you stand up to our Putin loving pathological liar @POTUS .
It's equally important that Americans stand up to the continual lies propagated by the MSM. Republicans need to stand united.
your superficial PR comments aren't helping anyone. Why not use courage & your voice to stand up to the chaos from Trump?
I did come across a letter where he was 1 of 6 senators asking Trump to be tough on Russia.
Yes Senator: Russian Aggression abroad and intervention and infiltration at home.
How are you going to stand on possible Russian infiltration/influence of the executive branch of our government?
.@senrobportman Start with investigating Trump and his Associates.
What are you doing to investigate Russia's influence on our election and @realDonaldTrump?
Sure is. It would also be nice to know how #Russia interfered in the U.S. election. Please #investigatetrump Support #Ukraine
Saying an issue is important is useless unless followed by action. U won't act since that would mean standing up to trump.
it's important that you stand up for our citizens and our environment #noepacuts
like we stood up to them for hacking our election? 45 making you and rest of @GOP look like fools!
We should first stop Russian aggression in the White House.
Are you willing to go to war with Russia over it?
Good thing you're a sitting Senator on the Ukraine Caucus in the majority party then, so what are you going to do about it?
best look at the trouble here stand with our President or nothing overseas will mean a thing. We are watching
No it's not stop this propoganda. We don't belong there
until we stand up to Russia in the White House nothing will be done
and it's important to appoint an independent investigator that doesn't answer to Sessions. #TrumpRussia
it's important for you to stand up to Trump & the Koch brothers. But we know you won't.
