please keep sanctions in place DEFEND the aca
How's the ACA
Who did u ask that to the Russians
I served in the military for 20 years and they were and still are our enemy
You have many supporters here Senator; all anti Trump democrats. What does that tell you?
GOP can't get out of its own way. Stop undermining @POTUS. Estab will blow it again! #swamp @senrobportman @NewsHour
The United States needs to live up to our commitments to our allies & uphold longstanding American values & ideals: http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/trump-gop-russia-sanctions/ …
@Mama3Cubs @NewsHour Easy words...your actions speak louder...what will you do?
Have courage @senrobportman. Your country depends on it.
if you truly believe this then I ask as an Ohioan for you to vote No on Sen Sessions.

OHIO does not want Betsy Devos.
Russia started shelling Ukraine again today. What's being done???
MNUCHIN lied during his hearing. 
Vote no on Mnuchin.

http://www.dispatch.com/news/20170129/trump-treasury-pick-mnuchin-misled-senate-on-foreclosures-ohio-cases-show …
Glad to see the GOP erring on the side of good sense. Something I hope to see more of. #NoBanNoWall #DumpDevos
GOP is not working fast enough. They know this. WE know these. WE the people know this.

Bannon needs to be removed for the security council ASAP!  #NoBanNoWall
yes. Please uphold these values and say no to sessions.
our national security and world standing is in jeopardy now more than ever. Please stand up and fight for us.
We are counting on you!
Yes!  Sanctions on Russia & we need an investigation into their election interference. Confidence in voting is very low
Hold Trump accountable! Don't back down! Don't vote yes! Vote NO on what you feel is right. Ur constituents r watching u.
Please hold strong on this, Senator Portmann. Please do not allow Russia to control our country.
Thanks!  Now save us from DeVos & Sessions, too.
thx k you for holding Trump accountable.  Democracy matters.
Yes...and no. Immigrants only if skilled or sponsored. Just showing-up doesn't entitle anyone to anything.
Good call on sanctions. Keep it up: no on Delos and Sessions. Keep the ACA.
I don’t understand why this is your top priority. White supremacist on the NSC and Feds ignoring court orders.
including immigration policies?
Kellyann stated in an  that senators needed to cooperate with Trump. NO! they are there  for their constituents. Not 4 a wanna be dictator.
Check the polls. You estab GOP are wrong. As usual.@senrobportman @NewsHour
The United States needs to live up to our commitments to our allies & uphold longstanding American values & ideals: http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/trump-gop-russia-sanctions/ …
Yes now what can be done to get all republicans democrats and constituents to realize that this regime is ruining our democracy
as someone born in Ohio I'm asking you to speak with your votes. Don't vote along party lines. Vote for what is right.
Now how about removing Bannon, keeping the ACA and speaking out against horrific executive orders? Ohio's watching
Why not allow "Re-Entry" for folks who left on a trip?
A Google Engineer(making 150K or more) is NOT a Risk!!
It is you and the rest of Congress JOB to keep the president in check! #checksandbalances
Thank you. And please support our hard-working teachers by opposing DeVos and our civil liberties by voting no on Sessions.
Thank you for being voice of reason! I appreciate your courage and bravery. I urge you to vote against Tillerson.
thank you, Sen Portman. Please delay voting on Sessions & Tillerson until they address the legality & implications of the EO.
Thank you, Senator, for doing the right thing. Country before Party!
Thank you! Country over Party! Please vote NO on Sessions, Devos, Pruitt, Mnuchin & Tillerson for same reason. From your Ohio constitute
Please do something to stop this craziness!!  He's tweeting daily and dropping "gems" like WWIII.  He is unstable and a danger to us all!
the people you are listening to didn't vote for you. Their propaganda is bending your mind. Pick up your weapon soldier.
.@senrobportman That's great re: Russia. Now how about those values welcoming immigrants, refugees, the wretched refuse yearning to be free.
Rob Bowe Bergdahl Portman. Trump drove you to victory over Strickland and now you cut and run.
Stand and fight coward.
thank you for standing up for what is right.
Thank you!  Keep going, though.  We need leaders with reason and compassion to be loud and brave.
, what are you prepared to do if/when the sanctions are lifted?
Another small step forward! Listen to your constituents and keep speaking up for Ohio! #NoBanNoWall
Please advise POTUS about this immigration ban. Republicans are better than this. Trump not true Republican
we really want an investigation of Russian interference with our election & democracy #PutinGate
Thank you. Removing Bannon from National Security Council is critical to these efforts.
who is running this tweeter? My grandma? I just started on Friday. Gotta get concise!!
... jeez guys "Russia sanctions must stay in place. America must uphold its values"
Remove this man from office. He is manifestly unfit. We are nearly in a constitutional crisis. Already.
with a read, Senator —
You are right. Now work to save ACA, no on DeVos and Sessions. Get Bannon out of NSC and WH.
Pls urge POTUS, no discussion on sanctions until Russia withdraws from Syria&Crimea & stops interfering in UKRAINE
The United States needs to not have its security overseen by a madman like Bannon for moron like this POTUS.
- thank you @senrobportman; we need more Republicans to country over party.  Thank you for standing up to Trump.
Senator Portman, as your constituent I applaud your work on keeping Russian sanctions in place and strengthen them
thank you now please also be opposed to DeVos & Putin puppet Tillerson #nowallnoban
This includes our commitments to the Geneva Convention and taking in #Refugees This and the #Ban are #AntiAmerican
Working Relations with Russia is essential in our fight against ISIS. USSR was are allies in both World Wars!
@realDonaldTrump I'm okay with lifting the sanctions.  Imagine someone putting sanctions on us for all we have done
