Congratulations on a great win! As any good Cleveland fan knows, there’s always next year. -SB
Don't send the exchanges into a death spiral. Don't support this Repeal first scam.
Every proposed replacement for the ACA cut Medicaid. That was the reason you gave for not supporting them. How is straight repeal different?
This should be a slam dunk NO vote. Ohio would like you to lead, not wait until brave GOP senators kill the bill and then say "me too".
How dumb and spineless is Portman? He's unsure on his vote to repeal with no replacement. Tells you everything you need to know.
Trumpcare is being pulled again. Tine for you to be tough and "take a stand" when it no longer matters. Enjoy your last term. #coward
How nice for you. We just learned yesterday my granddaughter's insurance won't pay 4 the one treatment that works on her severe migraines.
I don't believe you. #ObamacareLiar
Rob, what's the problem? Just say NO!
Both Sens. Rob Portman and Bill Cassidy would NOT say this AM if they'd vote for the motion to proceed to House-passed ACHA.
Senator, No means No on any motion to proceed for a full repeal. Just say no and finally do the right thing for Ohio.
You and Sherrod look good together. Based on your results you should join the democrat party.
Noticeably quiet about health care vote this week. Explain please. Your vote would have been....
Hey Rob, looks like it's now safe for you to come out as a "no" vote on Trumpcare/BCRA.
@senrobportman likes to get credit after the fact, with none of the courage or clear stance beforehand.
VOTE TO REPEAL OBAMACARE!
You had the biggest win at right around the same time. Since you never went public on #Trumpcare, we all know you'll play both sides.
Are you going to vote to repeal the ACA without a replacement? Only idea worse than your healthcare bill. Rob is bad for Ohio.
32 million lose their healthcare under repeal. Everyone's cost doubles. How will that help Ohio businesses, Rob?
Rob has government insurance and $382,100.00 from big pharma and insurance companies. He ain't too worried about his family or ours.
Bye bye Rob!!!
Portman is a coward. No comment on the failed GOP bill. Your constituents will remember. Now fix the ACA and stop screwing around.
I cannot believe repeal without replace is even being considered in the senate. This is a disastrous idea that will ruin millions of lives.
Whew. You didn't have to have an opinion on Trumpcare. Looking for your tweet saying you didn't support it (bc now you're in the clear)
The Country wants Obamacare gone and you are focused on a baseball game. What are your priorities?  SAD!
hey Rob now that the healthcare bill is dead you can come out against it and pretend you care about Ohioans! I give it 12 hrs
Bye bye Rob!!!
Nobody wants BRCA bill. Nobody. Public hates it. Insurers say it's useless. Medical and hospital groups predict widespread carnage (45 word)
I can't hear a pin drop!!! I don't think Portman will Be in any political spot light. Gone
Be careful expecting that outcome. Renacci is leading current Gubernatorial race-Many Dems indistinguishable from GOP; voter suppression too
When there is an action there's always a reaction. That has yet to come.Who will be our new Republican senator?
I guess you're both now responsible for 411,000 people and their insurance. It must feel cozy. And then our governor
fuck rob portman
Senator Portman when you're done writing your piece as to why you don't support your own bill "PortmanCare" please read WSJ article.
Really? Tweeting about this? Get to work! Repeal ACA or you will never get my vote again.my ins is useless.Aren't u supposed to work for us?
where was your NO on the health care bill?  There had better be a NO to repeal the ACA
Cmon @senrobportman !! Show your constituents you care about us! #FixACA We NEED you on our side!!
1- The Senate leadership & Trump now want to repeal the ACA in full.

What have Senators said about this? 
VOTE no on the @realDonaldTrump  Health care Ohio need it
McConnell now plans an ACA repeal vote (with a 2-year delay) with a replacement to theoretically be devised at some point in the future.
This would cast into doubt the future healthcare of millions of Americans who have obtained coverage as a result of the ACA.
Republicans have already had seven years to come up with a replacement for the ACA and have been unable to do so.
Now is the time for a bipartisan solution that goes through regular order and public hearings, like Senator McCain has called for.
The millions of Americans who obtained coverage through the healthcare exchanges deserve certainty, not chaos.
The millions of Americans who obtained coverage as a result of the Medicaid expansion deserve certainty, not chaos.
The millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions, who were able to obtain coverage because of the ACA, deserve certainty, not chaos.
The millions of Americans who would have been in danger of reaching lifetime caps, without the ACA, deserve certainty, no chaos.
You missed the boat.  Couldn't even take a stand on this.  your constituents will remember
Don't you dare repeal O with no replacement or support of existing O
Will you speak out against this awful healthcare bill?
How will this help Ohioans?
BCRA's impact on uninsured rate in the main wavering senators' states:

WV +299%…
Fraud.

THE WORLD IS WATCHING! YOU ARE FAILING YOUR CONSTITUENTS, @senrobportman !

@NOFAindivisible , @maddow…
It's dead. You can come out against it now, Rob.
This isn't a party issue. It's a human life issue. And, you scare us more than any other threat facing our country right now. You.
Ohioans won't forget the torture you put us through, even if your vote is a bandwagon no.
Could have been on the winning side by opposing the ridiculous joke of a health care bill. So disappointed
Senator: where do you stand? Don't you think you owe us a decision. Your silence is shameful.
Healthcare and tax cuts....you are doing jack squat for the middle class
Listen to these voices @robportman! We are begging you to come forward and protect us! It's safe now - you can do it!
We saw the draconian House bill came back to life, after it was presumed dead. That must not be allowed to happen with the Senate bill.
Your NO vote still matters.  Work with Dems to improve and enhance the ACA.
#Ohio loves you @SenSherrodBrown. Thanks for fighting for us. Sorry your colleague @senrobportman  has such disregard for #Ohio.
Mandel is everything wrong with the GOP right now, but going to be a close race against a guy with Sherrod Brown's batting stance.
Hey Rob. Come out from under the bed. It's ok. Coward.
Sen Portman do yourself a favor and come out in opposition to the healthcare legislation
He will once he knows the bill is dead. He is weak like that.
Do you remember when this country had true leaders? People willing to put country over party? Leaders who honest and had integrity?
2 more senators from the GOP came out against the healthcare bill and you aren't 1 of them.  Care to discuss or avoid it?  Coward!
It's Your turn to come out and say NO to senate healthcare bill!
Vote no on MTP for the heinous #BRCA OH can't afford a 178% unisurance rate . Please be bipartisan & don't vote 2 kill my patients in CLE!
It's safe to come out now and speak up and against Best Carcinogenic Republican America bill. Senators Moran & Lee already did.
After what happened only a few weeks ago, that takes some #courage. #ohioproud #unity #standuptoterror
Hey, Portman,  Senators Lee & Moran are NO votes, WealthCare's  DOA. No thanks to you.
Time to make sure he doesn't get reelected.  Vote no on Portman!
Let's make that a HELL,NO!
Hey, try taking @SenSherrodBrown for coffee and picking his brain on this  healthcare bill.  Heck, I'll pick up the tab, send me the bill!

Dear McConnell + @SenateGOP,
Since u're there anyway thru August, how about investigating Trump-Russia collusion to overthrow our democracy!
Two more Senators developed a backbone and came out against Trumpcare, where's yours?
He was one of the first to come out against it because it cut too much
Hope you had fun playing baseball. Will I have health care next week?
Senators Moran and Lee just came out against BHCA.  @senrobportman do you really want to be the last Senator out on a limb for this?
The GOP is always on wrong side of history, they can't help it
This is what Ohio's about - Coming together & behaving like decent human beings. Do the same on health care Senators. Lead the way forward
I agree! Ohioans some of the best people in the country!
Stand up for Medicaid and vote NO on Trumpcare.
Hey come out against this crummy healthcare bill now, the levees are breaking 

Certainly don't agree on all issues, but hard not to appreciate some #MallBall
#Ohio has spoken loud and clear. A no vote is demanded on #trumpcare. Will you rob a million Ohioans of their #healthcare?
Says someone not from Ohio....
This game is good for politics and Ohio.   Congratulation Swing State Sluggers!
Score a big hit for Ohio, vote NO on the healthcare bill!  We're counting on you Senator.
