And they're blaming the president's dithering on cost sharing payments & policy uncertainty as the reason.
You voted for Tom Price to be HHS Secretary. This is on him, on the president, and on you.
Um, "obama"care.  Key word Obama.  Lol, how is Trump and new HHS responsible for failed healthcare act in place prior?
He has threatened to defund it and sabotaged it at every step which violates his oath of office to uphold Constitution and laws of US!
It was a disaster from the start, was failing miserably before Trump Adm
No, the disaster, Trump's AHCA got pulled before voting. A tax cut for the rich that strips 24 million of their health insurance!
Hmm, what's  the number if you remove illegals and able bodied free loaders?    This deplorable has to get back to work, have good day.
I'll lose my health insurance and I run two small businesses. I'm a BC survivor so I'd be uninsurable under AHCA.
Time for Medicare for all.  Insurance companies clearly don't care about people.
This must make you very happy.  What are you doing about it? Have you contacted any insurers to pressure coverage?
You must be very proud, you've worked so hard to make this happen.
Because republicans crippled it on purpose
Because your cohorts purposely broke the ACA. It's time for universal healthcare. Let's join the rest of the first world nations.
How in the he'll did GOP destroy crappy already going down Obamacare?  You people make no sense at all.
Because insurance cos are unethical & greedy. Disgusting!
now you and your party are gloating. You had at least 8 years to come up with a new plan to improve cost/access. Great job with shit AHCA.
Your buddy kasich took the Medicaid expansion to help prop up Obamacare. What a disaster that has become.
BOLD lie. You, rest of GOP, and Trump created this. Anthem BLAMED you all, and even warned you they'd drop if you all dropped subsidies.
Anthem said: "the lack of certainty of funding for cost sharing reduction subsidies” and “an increasing lack of overall predictability”
was reason for their decision. You all created that uncertainty/unpredictability. You are 100% complicit and voters will, in due time, know.
So YOUR plan is to take away coverage from residents in the other 68 counties rather than fix service for those 20?
Good luck getting support from those who have lost insurance and can't afford replacement plan your party passed in House.
Anthem withdrew because of the instability caused by the #AHCA - way to go #GOP! Blame @PatTiberi
Between Trump's CSR threats and the uncertainty of repeal, they pulled out. It's  a result of AHA undermining.
Good job Rob. You and your party did this. We aren't all blind.
This is on the republicans and you for trying to tank it with no support for subsidies or penalties. Nice going. Got your wish.
lotta trolls on here. #PassAHCA and get rid of this mandate! If I'm uninsured after that it will be MY CHOICE TO BE SO #RepealObamacare
How much does Russia pay you, bot?
and leftists always project
And why would that be?  Fix Obamacare and stop playing politics!
We don't need insurance. We need healthcare
34% approval today....
Tell the other GOP senators to get to work and stop blocking progress on fixing the healthcare bill from House!
GEE THAT PROBABLY HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE ATTEMPTS BY THIS ADMINISTRATION TO DESTROY AHA.
So help fix the ACA. Or even better, push for single payer. If you really care about Ohio, you will stand up to Trump and do what is right.
Perhaps that is because The present administration has not supplied cost support payments. Don't dismantle, fix it!
And why not?  Could that be because of the uncertainty caused by your threat of repeal?
Your shadenfreude is showing. It's a little ghoulish
Because you and your fellow GOPers sabotaged it. Fix the ACA, don't break it. We will hold YOU accountable and so will history.
...because of uncertainty caused by the GOP.
And that's because GOP is causing instability, threatening subsidies and more
Trump threatening to withhold subsidies to insurers such as Anthem has created this.  Akin to using lives as poker chips. No to Trumpcare.
1. You as a politician can't "break news."  2. Anthem is concerned about profits only. "Insurance" is not health care.
Thanks @GOP - you sure are fixin things
I voted for you but won't make that mistake again. Same goes for @RepBradWenstrup
Republicans own this. Your failure to act means some of your constituents will die. All to make a political point. Shameful.
Because the GOP is making it too hard to provide the uncertainty is causing business to pull out shame on the GOP playing with lives
This is Republicans' fault. Anthem is leaving exchanges due to the threat by Repubs to stop funding subsidies. Caused by instability.
Thanks to you and #45 and your desire to serve your corporate masters instead of your constituents. You're such an embarrassment for Ohio.
WE WANT A REAL #GMO LABEL ON OUR FOOD !!! RESTAURANTS TOO!!! 

#SayNoGMO 
In large part due to uncertainty the GOP has injected into the system. This sits on your shoulders.
yes Senator, we in Ohio are screwed, due to your total failure to do anything constructive to help us, you have now caused Anthem to leave
BREAKING NEWS!!!
You should have thought about this b4 now. Six, seven, eight years to compromise or tweak the ACA? But no...
GOP in charge now so that's on you.
It's an engineered crash.  Due to Trump making insurers unsure if they will r Clive subsidies as promised
Because you allowed it to happen.
Isn't it your job to fix that?
How does Barack Obama not have any accountability for this.  Democrats???
Why is that? Because this administration is threatening to withhold government payments owed to insurance companies? You undermine the bill
We are all witnesses.
You let it happen. Your party is to blame and TrumpCare is NOT the answer. This is on YOU.
.@senrobportman Thing is, Rob. It's happening BECAUSE OF YOU & your GOP buds. No one is fooled.  We know you're sabotaging #ACA. #2018.
It's just shameful! You are a horrible person. I was so hopeful you'd be courageous and caring and do what is right for Ohioans. We lose.
Why are you not supporting Improved #MedicareForAll ? Then everyone in #Ohio's 88 counties would have health insurance!
Way to go. I suspect you will attempt to blame the ACA for this. Real people will suffer due to politicians not standing up for them.
Under Obama ALL counties had 1 or more insurers!  He worked tirelessly to protect people.  What are YOU doing to protect your constituents?
Republicans against healthcare as part of the problem, it's clear Republicans are doing everything to make sure Obama care fails
Because @GOP has cut support to the ACA, that's why! We are NOT fooled. Try again.
Thank you #PresidentBannon - opps i meant trump
Universal healthcare baby
And you think supporting @realDonaldTrump will bring better healthcare? Better get used to those 22million going without...
That's a pretty misleading statement, Mr. Senator
THIS JUST IN: passing the House's plan will make that number higher, I bet. In addition: NEWS FLASH: we'd like a #townhall
So they don't have health care on the exchange and you want to abolish the exchange. What's the difference?
Oh single payer *sigh*
GOP plan drives insurers away by removing the off-setting insurance requirement which was an incitement to share costs among healthy & sick.
I guess we better get some @OHDems  working on it. Seems the R's are out of time and answers. The blame game won't work anymore. #DoYourJob
So, is this your celebratory tweet! GFY, Senatah!
Insurers confirm ACA problems due to Trump-Portman team. Unsure if intentional sabotage or just incompetence.
@OhioDistrict12
So what do you plan to do about that?
Amazing how Trump's threats to cut off reimbursement create insecurity in the insurance companies, isn't it? Then GOP says, "Told you so!"
If you and the Republican congress would have gone with a single payer system this would not have happened.
So fix it. Why make it worse?
Get trump out of office and start over or we will kick you out too.
Whose fault is that?  Take a look in the mirror.
that's because of GOP efforts to sabotage. You should be ashamed.
Thanks to the #GOP creating instability in the market place. You are increasing the cost of healthcare, and destroying our options.
But the Dems swear by it.
The ACA needs to be fixed. @GOP has been underfunding, creating instability to kill ACA. http://bit.ly/2rzT16i   Don't let 23 million lose.
Insurers are pulling out because of you and your president. They are pulling out because of the uncertainty you are generating. Support #ACA
Speaks volumes to you and the Repubs destruction of the healthcare system. Glad you are tweeting about other things.
The Trump Admin & the poorly written piece of poo GOP plan is sabotaging ACA & negatively affecting the lives of constituents that need it
Blah blah blah Obama. Blah blah blah Obamacare.  Blah blah blah! The GOP not even trying to be caring human beings.
And you have the GOP to thank for that. You guys could fix this not sabotage it!! @OhioDistrict12
Wellllllll....get busy .....repeal....replace
This isn't about Obamacare.  It is about you fully representing those who are losing their insurance.  #SinglePayer @OhioDistrict12
What are you doing now to ensure the continued coverage for those individuals who will lose their insurance? #SinglePayer @OhioDistrict12
Anthem blames GOP failed attempts has caused uncertainty for them to stay in the program. Let's fix Obamacare and bring the country together
you support this president, Tom Price, & the policies that are imploding the ACA. Shame on you for doing this to Ohioans.
so what are YOU doing about it to serve your constituents?
All due to Republican sabotage of the ACA. Look in mirror u knew deadlines in Jan. U dithered Ohioans lost
Take a look at California...looks like they have the right idea.
#SinglePayer
Because GOP & Trump admin are working to dismantle the ACA. Let's talk Medicare for all?  We will not hand you the tax break you desire.
Of course they don't. The GOP can't decide on anything and insurers don't want to take a chance on going broke waiting for you
If you had done nothing, or worked to make the ACA more stable the problem wouldnt exist. You create the problem & blame others
Good job sabotaging it!! Your voters will be so kind next election!
Who's to blame for that?   Look at the greedy insurance industry and increasing costs. Health Care is no longer Patient Care
Thanks Trump. Thanks GOP. Thanks for killing healthcare.
Move to the Dayton area. We have Caresource AND Premier Heath - offering great marketplace plans AND local jobs!!
I would like to know what your solution is. If you really think this is a problem, I'm sure you have a better plan then the #ACHA
That is because Trump and GOP are taking subsidy and creating uncertainty. How will you solve that
Did you hear the CEO of Blue Cross who said it's the Republicans causing the rise in insurance, etc.
I can see that's having a real effect on your inability to come up with anything better.
This happens when you withhold funding! Stop lying to America and make ACA better. Do not sabotage and blame the other side . #single payer
Rob only cares about his rich donors and corporate masters like the insurance industry which gave him $1.4 million last year.
@senrobportman, what's YOUR plan?! #AHCA?! How sad! #AHCA is so much worse than #ACA. #FixObamacare!
That's because of your guys, as you well know. Try honesty and doing your job.
Full repeal. Let the market work.HC not enumerated Senator.Close ED others too uphold your oath full repeal sooner waiting creates bigr prob
Of course not... they only chase major profits.
Time for single payer universal healthcare
Anthem's exit in 2018 might leave 10,500 Ohioians w/o an insurer. Current #Trumpcare plan could cost MILLIONS of ppl coverage & protections.
Congratulations Rob!  And, you're taking credit for that!  Portman responsible for Anthem dropping out and leaving thousands uninsured. #OH
Your and Trump's sabotage worked and we all know you did this to us on purpose to push tax credits to rich and let insurers gouge us again.
Anthem will exit in 2018. It doesn't leave ppl w/o an insurer "now" but has the potential to if no one steps up.
#TrumpEffect
Yep, and a big THANKS for that Rob, since this disaster is on YOU and your hypocritical party. Get a clue.
BREAKING NEWS! 88 of Ohio's 88 counties would suffer coverage issues under the GOP plan.
Please make sure a bill passes to help
Yeah, and are you going to stand up to the orange troll in the White House about it?
I am sure this has nothing to do with uncertainty GOP has created.
How are you going to use your influence with the ins. Co? Encourage or discourage coverage?
And what exactly has your party done to help with that?!! It's shameful!!
BREAKING NEWS: Portman treats his constituents like they’re morons. Expect Ohioans to believe that GOP isn’t sabotaging Obamacare.
This is exactly the result you and the rest of the GOP were counting on so you could claim Obamacare is a failure.
So where is the leadership to fix that now!
So are you going to fix it, or just complain about it? Governing is harder than looks, isn't it, Robert.
Thank 45 for that.
A direct result of the GOP playing games with the subsidies. Shame on you!
The gop are a corporate sponsored terrorist group. You should all be under investigation and your finances made public.
Yes and it's you and the rest of the republicans fault.
Because they're concerned Republicans will stop the subsidy payments that enable the exchanges. Because Republicans have said they plan to.
Ur party has been sabotaging ACA since day 1 & calling it proof ACA doesn't work.  The blame falls on the GOP. Stop playing games w/ lives!
Anthem cited uncertainty in the market. That uncertainty is caused by trump attempts to sabotage market.
Must put CSR in the budget
It's a nightmare for many people. Please fix this.
Shame on you and the GOP.  You caused this chaos and uncertainty
Shouldn't you be fixing that instead of gloating about it? You're awful.
because of the threat of "trump care", which seems like an oxymoron... NOT because the AFA wasn't working...
When will you stand up for All Ohioans!
Calling your office now to let them know how disingenuous and dishonest this tweet is. Hope your interns have a thick skin
So fix it.
That's why we need a single payer system.
Breaking news would be that you decided to have an actual town hall in which folks could attend in person!
Then repeal the damn law & do it before you take any "vacation!" Talked enough, now is time actually do something to earn your pay!
You're the saboteur.
You and the entire congress are allowing it to collapse. This is no way to treat citizens!
More like .@GOP is Broken, news.
You present yourself as a moderate, but you tie yourself further every day to a possibly treasonous president & dysfunctional GOP congress.
And the reason you all keep telling us stuff we already know is because why? You don't want to do anything? #frauds
They are leaving the market because of the uncertainty of Republicans and Trump. So you create this and then suggest you'll save it? Drivel.
Thanks to the mean-sprited sabotage and repeal attempts from YOUR party and YOUR republican president. I used to think you had principles..
Sorry but this is on you and your party. As long as you continue to play politics with health care, the American people are the losers.
Pressuring Trump to stop sabotaging the ACA and insuring your constituents with and without pre existing conditions is your job Senator
Bc of you #deplorables. How many deaths will be laid at ur door.
Show me the math, crook
Please consider carefully how the #ACHA plan will make it even worse for these, and many more!
Because of the GOP and AHCA. Not because of Obamacare.
Offer them medicaid buy in!!!!!!!
Your party broke this system!
BREAKING NEWS: GOP holds sway in house and senate (and exec!) Why don't you *fix* all the "problems" instead of just telling us about them?
Sounds like it's time for Medicare For All then. Thanks for the prompt! Looking forward to your support of Universal Healthcare.
And you want to destroy the remaining 68 counties with Trumpcare. Why not fix the ACA, Rob?
Thanks to no clear direction from the GOP.  The AHCA is not the answer.
If you fake Christian Republicons actually cared about affordable healthcare you would have worked with Dems to improve ACA.
Your obstruction has cost thousands of lives and untold bankruptcies. Republicons are a bigger danger to Americans than ISIS could ever hope
Maybe if the co-ops had received the funds promised them, they could have weathered the competition of the big companies in the beginning.
I still don't understand how free market ideas apply to a product that nets shareholders bigger profits the less customers use that product
