all charter schools in Cleveland received an overall F as in FAILURE in their ability to educate their students. WAKE UP!!!!
You voted for devos so you okayed their poor treatment, a little late to worry about it now
Hollow words @senrobportman - you told us how little you care about the education of our children when you voted "yes" on DeVos.
doing more would have been not voting for DeVos.  Your words mean nothing.
Yes, and to do so we must vote to confirm Betsy DeVos, who believes the future of education is for-profit schools.
that's why you voted for Betsy. I get it. 
I agree we need to do better for all students but voting in an unqualified secretary of education really didn't help.
increase funding for PUBLIC schools, music, special needs, and after school programs. Provide meals for poor students.
you're right. PLEASE vote no on #HR610. Vouchers and privatization are not a solution. 43016
@realDonaldTrump Ask @BetsyDeVosED she'll know what to do
Thank you!
another check from #BetsyDeVos  arrived today, eh?
This doesnt square with your DeVos vote. #LetsTalk to avoid another bad choice. #REALTownHallNOW so we can ALL have a voice.
how does destroying the entire public education system solve the problem? Let's be honest.  The intent is to destroy it.
HA! This coming from someone who supported #DeVos?! Sad!
you are a hypocrite
Not with Betsy DeVos running the Dept of Ed...
you put party over the children of Ohio w your DeVos vote and you could have been the one to stop her
You voted for DeVos and have the nerve to say this?
a bit late to try this sales job to Ohioans w DeVos in charge - you had chance to vote no on her appt & didn't stand up then
Really? You can say this after selling your vote to deVos for $51K? Wow, not only no integrity, no shame either.
do you have more details on what you're saying?
Too bad you voted for DeVos.
Fordham study confirmed charter school students perform worse than same district public school students...to their dismay...
Then vote NO on funneling public school funds to failing charter schools & homeschooling. HB 610
Is this a sad joke? You voted for Devos when majority urged you to vote NO. Your words mean nothing. #pathetic
kinda why we begged you to #dumpdevos a few weeks ago, you hypocrite! What's next, clean air, water are actually important?
You blew it by voting DeVos. Charter schools hurt low income/minority/rural students, not help them.
As an employer I learned to simply dispose of aps 4 employees with ecot/charter educations. #publiceducation
and you would know?
but schools under served, unfair to compare them to schools that arent. Apples & oranges, serve schools, serve the students
very difficult to believe you have any conviction on this after your vote on  secretary DeVos
What will be your vote on HR610?
a new study shows vouchers don't do that.
whoa, you blew this one.
I agree. Devos and her ilk do NOT have the answers. Part of YOUR legacy may be the destruction of public education.
Too bad our head of education has no clue how to do that.
and your paid vote for DeVos does that.... how?
This is disappointing, given your voting record...
Well done! I was appalled by your confirmation of Devos. This is more like it.
So have a town hall so we can discuss education and also how to #protecttranskids after this huge setback today.
Once again @senrobportman your actions speak louder than words & $51k from DeVos spoke the loudest.
we know now if you vote for this bill you care more about party then what is right.
NEWS: 4 GOP Senators send letter to McConnell saying they have concerns about how the draft House GOP healthcare bill deals with Medicaid: 
Then why did you vote for Devos? One has to look no further then MI schools to see that was a bad idea.
Your first step toward this goal, should have been voting against an unqualified candidate. DeVos was a bad choice.
how much did Betsy pay you to say that?
Better education starts with children living above the poverty line, in healthy & safe homes.
This is hard to achieve when education budgets are repeatedly cut. It's always more money for bombs, and less for books.
then why did you f'ing vote for @BetsyDeVos...even though money bought you it doesn't buy everything like intelligence
YOU must do better for education. YOU voted for DeVos. #ActionsSpeakLouderthanWords
How can you tweet something like this after voting for Betsy DeVos? Wake up and take a look at what's going on around you.
- agree, but GOP must do something about your leader.
Why don't you consult those of us who successfully teach the underserved?
Tell is how @BetsyDeVosED and her obsession with vouchers helps.  Will private schools be required to accept all students?
Will private schools be required to be built in inner cities & rural areas?
DeVos was a very poor choice of this is how you feel.  Not the reform we need.
Kids with disabilities are not uniformly served in private school advocated by @betsydevos. They are often excluded.
make sure we don't let @BetsyDeVosED take us to a voucher system
You valued $51k more than you did my kids' education so spare me.  Also? #RUSSIA
Too late, senator! You don't get to wait a month,  suddenly be on the side of education and expect we forgot the  #DevosVote
If you believe that why would you vote for a proven failure like DeVos?
then why the hell did you vote for DeVos?! You are responsible  for the mess DeVos is currently making.
well aren't you just all talk. I am a constituent and if I recall you voted for Betsy DeVos. So don't act like you care.
Then why in the hell did you vote for @BetsyDeVos ??? I know, I know, that $51,000 campaign donation...Don't pretend you care
How are you carrying this message to Secretary DeVos?
We have long had the means to vastly improve education, including college. It's a matter of priorities. Talk to your party!
if this was a genuine statement you would have voted No for @BetsyDeVos
Then why did you support DeVos???
then why did you vote for  #BetsyDeVos ?
Well you had better ask DeVos for more money for your campaign so you can provide a better education for all students!
.. and it is one or the other because there is no common ground and no inbetween. With every day you own this more!
you & GOP must decide are you are going to continue loyalty to the Trump lunacy or make a stance for principles of our nation
.@senrobportman Yes, what a good idea. Why, then, did you vote for Devos, who has zero competency or commitment to doing that?
Hey Rob, Are you advocating for more historically black colleges since they are a glowing example of school choice?
empty words, @senrobportman  just empty words. #devos
Step 1: Appoint an Edu Secretary with even a little experience. #DumpDevos #ProtectTransKids #SaveIDEA #PublicschoolProud
if only you had this brainstorm before your DeVos vote!
Good. Continue standing up for our childrens' education. You need to do these things because you confirmed DeVos.
Good. Now draft a bill for universal free head start with proper compensation for early childhood teachers. #headstart #devos
Reckon you shoulda thought of this BEFORE confirming @BetsyDeVosED, like your constituents begged you not to do?
Well you sure provided support to Devos. Perhaps you should have buyers remorse.
Really Rob? Did this just occur to you?  Not when your constituents were screaming NO to DeVos?  channeling #notmypresident ?
No facebook posts today? I would like to have more than 140 word conversation with you. Your constituent. 45220
hahaha this tweet is about a month too late.
How about you do your duty as a civil servant and call for an independent commission? There is no denying, Trump is sick.
you took a bribe that will hurt our poorest students. struggling in district with poverty/transiency now Devos will kill us
But first - something has to be done about a mentally ill president.
Why is Healthcare being decided in a closet? Sounds like a bad idea. Seems like you're afraid of @realDonaldTrump supporter.
your word is nothing anymore. I have lost all respect for you and I believe nothing you say.
just say no https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/610 …
This statement would make a lot more sense if you hadn't sold your confirmation vote to the laughable Betsy DeVos & family.
.@senrobportman Really? & so ur answer was DeVos who has trashed anything she's touched EXCEPT checks written to GOP?
Why don't you start with passing a vouchers bill in Congress and getting it done?  No excuses
do not support H.R.610 please please
You should probably have a department of education that believes the same thing.
So why did you confirm DeVos, again?
why put Devoss as head? You voted!!
You voted for @BetsyDeVos despite her miserable record of NOT supporting the public schools. Providing better ed - F!
Once again you prove how little you actually cater to your constituents, and prefer corporate bribes. #Liar #TrumpFluffer
Reduce class size.  Allows teachers to differentiate instruction more easily.  less time spent on classroom management....
shush your face. You don't give a flying F about children. If you did you wouldn't have let devos become sec. of education
also make sure curriculum is developmentally appropriate.  We are burning kids out by pushing curriculum down too young.
well thanks to you, public education is toast so maybe no more ed. tweets from you
then visit public schools and make sure that they get the support that they need to do their job #charterisnottheanswer
We need to reduce poverty and provide early childhood edu.  Tests don't tell us much.  Hard to learn when hungry and tired.
Thank you.  Now, why did you confirm @BetsyDeVos? Her attempts in Michigan put Ohio's charter school issues to shame.
You had an opportunity to put this into practice, but voted DeVos anyway.
I recommend you research how for-profit charter perform.   They're worse than public schools & should not be supported  w $$
Your words are completely different from your actions. We voters know which to believe.
why why why Betsy? Charter schools don't work! Look at the research! There is plenty!
riiiiiiiiight.... you really indicated that when you confirmed DeVos, smh.
as long as they are public schools and have NO religious teachings. #separationofchurchandstate
Can you specify those who are "traditionally under served?" I want to support that thought if I know who is in this category.
not going to happen with betsy in office. charter schools aren't the answer and haven't been for years. ignoring the poor and challenged
then why did you approve Betsy DeVos? If you really care about education in this country why vote for someone so unqualified?
start by not taking 51k
