Let he who is without sin, cast the first stone. We also spy on Russia, Sir.  Can we just stop with this whole "Russia" thing
Ohio demands an independent investigation into Trump/Russia. Sessions must recuse. # trumprussia
#Trumprussia
We need you to speak up and loudly @senrobportman Ohio is depending on you
.@senrobportman How about drafting the Countering Direct Russian Influence in the White House Act of 2017?
you are not fooling anyone.
Much needed.
RUSSIA’S TOP 260 LIES – INTERNATIONAL EDITION

http://www.russialies.com/russias-top-260-lies-international-edition/ …
#RussiaLies 
…
Then support an independent investigation! And the release of Trump's tax returns!
how about you investigate trump first, like you should be doing.
please continue to demand investigations.  Protect our democratic process Integrity.
so you will join democrats in demanding an investigation into Trumps ties to Russia?
And focus on an independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia, right Senator?
so Senator, are you for or against an independent investigation of @realDonaldTrump and his ties to Russia?
Are you also COMPROMISED?
How about Domestic #Propaganda #Bannon #Miller #ChuckWoolery #TrumpRussia? The Stolen Election? NO MORE PARTY OVER COUNTRY! @senrobportman
OUR Employees Sen. Reps. Govs.etc. ALL need to know WE WILL NOT forget what do or don't do now at Elections #TrumpRussia   @senrobportman
Where's the bill that will counter propaganda directed to American people by our own government?
independent investigation is needed to put these questions to rest
@20committee  Did you attend your townhall in Cleveland on Friday? Can't care about some issues must care about all issues!!
investigate Trump, Bannon and Pence then impeach them for their relationship with Putin.
We voted for you and we would like to see an independent investigation done by a special prosecutor to investigate this.
We MUST appoint independent special prosecutor to look into Trump/Russia connections.
No, Senator it will not. Support a special prosecutor to investigate. YOUR political life is on the line, too. Do well.
Time for a select committee Rob - otherwise all you Republicans covering for the low life in the WH are sinking
Someone must have dropped a bowling ball on your head.
Your constituents are more concerned about investigating Flynn/Sessions/Russia ties ASAP and also saving the ACA.
@20committee He's a liar. He is a party lackey. When he speaks to constituents, he is blatant about it.
Please request a #SpecialProsecutor for an #IndependentInvestigation @senrobportman!
You need to hold investigations into Russian interefence in our election- and Trump's relations to the Russian gov't. #Ohio
so when will you start aggressively calling for an independent investigation into trump/Russia ties and tax return release?
Oy vey! All you people want to investigate Russia.
How come Russia is not on Trump's travel ban list? They terrorized our election! You need to be held accountable!
first let's undo the harm already done by foreign propaganda and disinformation
.@senrobportman I think my eyes are stuck in the top of my head....
great! start with the first battle of that info war, successful Russian effort to help Trump in last election.
Only a special prosecutor can restore any sense of legitimacy to the election and the administration.
We the people demand an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION + INDEPENDENT SPECIAL PROSECUTOR!! Country over party! Do your job!!!
Focus on the real story.  What is our exposure to Russia through POTUS.
. @senrobportman only way to do this is with an independent prosecutor - otherwise, American people have to assume @GOP is complicit
we need an independent spec prosecutor! You need to demanding this! Do the right thing!
NO! Not Good Enough! What will "help" is an OPEN, OBJECTIVE, TRANSPARENT, *HONEST* Investigation into ALL of Trump & Russia!!
Investigate this administration's ties to Russia! Crumbs liked this won't feed Americans hungry for truth! #Russia
Demand a bipartisan investigation into Russia ties. The people who elected you will remember what you do come election time
So, you're in agreement with Issa regarding the need for a special prosecutor? We're taking about espionage, not interns.
Since you ducked our town halls maybe you'll see this. We want a special prosecutor to investigate Trump/Russia #russiagate
We need take the Kremlin out of the White House first
@20committee Start by joining Rep. Issa in call for independent prosecutor. See contours of damage done before "fixing."
what about domestic propaganda -like Breitbart?
@20committee The Republican Regime needs to reinforce Dems in pushing such things through as regime always under suspicion.
Doesn't look legitimate for Republican Regime  to lead these types of efforts...no trust & who is to blame?
.@senrobportman It could, but how with the foxes now in charge of the chicken coop? Many conflicts. Need independent investigation. #Russia
Let's see you support an independent investigation first.
Since you refuse to meet with anyone who isn't a registered Republican (and donor) we assume you also don't read responses...
from anyone who disagrees. Your actions (refusing to call for independent investigation) speak louder than your words
Why not start at home with Trumps lies?
we have a president with unseemly connections to the Russian mob and oligarchs.  Please do the work that matters to US!
this is good, but you need to call for independent investigation of Russian influence in election AND Trump Administration.
how about opening up an investigation into the #2016elections? All talk, no action. #doyourjob
We need an independent investigation of Trump / Russia collusion. Americans deserves to know if the POTUS is compromised.
A special prosecutor is clearly needed.
@20committee Our own president is peddling propaganda and hampering a free press. Start there!
try putting country before party.  call for an independent investigation into #Trumprussia and demand to see his taxes.
any senator who doesn't support an independent select committee is a #PartyBeforeCountry traitor. Where do you stand Senator?
@20committee Do you support an independent investigation? More than 1/2 of Americans do. YOU can help to get it done, sir.
Omg...a US Senator believes the electorate is too naive to identify propaganda in an election. Hello, it's all propaganda.
@20committee so Senator, of course that means you will vote in favor of an independent investigation?
that the 1st time you mentioned Russia. There needs to be an independent counsel investigation.
I do not believe you. In fact, I do strongly believe you are lying and have vested interest in the status quo.
And of course you'll also back a subpoena for Trump's tax records to make certain there's no financial collusion with Russia. @senrobportman
What will help is a GOP commitment to uncovering the truth.
never seen such a consistent  response to a Tweet: investigate Trump and campaign. Please.
@20committee 
Keep investigating #Russia influence in our government, Rob. Fight those under this influence.
- Ohio voter.
The first thing you need to do is man up and call for Impeachment of 45.  Stop being a coward. No respect 4 U!
@20committee we need you to support special prosecutor 1st things 1st it will take courage
Do you tweet random sound bites thinking you're pulling the wool over our eyes? Seriously, how does to help with Trump ties?
@20committee @senrobportman I'm an Ohio voter. Demand Trump release his taxes, support an independent investigation. History is watching
@andrii_sybiha Sir, if Russia is interfering in the U.S., its operations most likely reside in our news media itself.
@20committee When will you call for an investigation of Trump? You know it happened.   Pls care for country over party
@20committee So we can look forward to an independent investigation?
@20committee You see, a social account is for TWO WAY communication. Check you your mentions. :| RESPOND, COWARD.
you need to insist on an independent investigation now
@20committee hacking into our election and throwing it to that clown that YOU support!!  Where are your MORALS?
Is this an effort to stop foreign efforts to influence elections and investigate #TrumpRussia  ties... or silence dissent?
Uh how about starting with a all hands on deck investigation?
Will you support an independent investigation into Russian connections? We need a 911 style commission.
if you truly want to end this "info attack" push for an investigation into Trump? 
#soldyoursoul
#trumpisthedevil
#doyourjob
may need to include the liberal media to the bill. They are more propaganda and disinformation than anyone else.
What about Trumps connections? Are you concerned about that? You work for the people. The people deserve a competent leader
Great bill; but tough for us to promote fact-based, indy, media w a straight face right now https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/25/opinion/trump-is-damaging-press-freedom-in-the-us-and-abroad.html?smid=tw-share …
I fear the disinformation coming from the White House and its efforts to obfuscate the truth more. What are you doing there?
Should address the issue of Russian influence on Trump election, or this is pointless.
does this mean you'll also support an investigation into Russia's role in our election and ties to the Trump administration?
Sir, do you think Mr. Trump attacks media outlets now so that if more links are reported, people will not believe them?
how about an independent special prosecutor to investigate the Trump-Russia ties?  One the PEOPLE can trust.  DO YOUR JOB!
focus on the Russians and the WH
Are you fucking kidding me? How about @POTUS ties to Russian? Any interest in showing political courage? No? Shocking

#Hack
Yeah, in case Russia ever tries to influence our elections. I mean, that would be crazy, right? You'd be on top of that. @senrobportman
And we must know Trump's involvement.
so what steps are you taking to fight the information war in the US?
please stand up for America.   Independent investigation is needed
Repectfully. You cannot know what will help until a trusted investigation is complete. Independent now!
If a domestic presidential campaign can't overcome foreign propaganda, it is ineffective and the electorate is gullible.
Remember what won the Cold War; not the information campaign, but the substance of western society. Focus on fixing that.
Independent investigation necessary
Humm..Why not a "Countering DOMESTIC propaganda & disinformation act" to counter our authoritarian dictator in chief!!
so you admit there's a problem?  Why don't you ask @realDonaldTrump to come clean
Thank you for your proposal.  Please also support a special prosecutor to investigate WH ties to Russia. Nation before party.
agreed--so next is investigating this Administration's ties to Russia, correct? Please.
.@senrobportman  What are you doing about @POTUS constant disinformation efforts?  As a constituent I am asking you to STAND UP to him.
I just can't roll my eyes at your hypocrisy anymore. Demand Trump release his taxes, support an independent investigation.
You won't do more than tweet about this. Go back to your private dinners and ignore us for 6 years.
independent investigation into Trump Russia ties. Why are you scared to support this effort? Country first Party second.
what about Trump's propaganda and disinformation campaign? Support a free press!
@FranTownsend why did this take so long? Or has it been a concern but not public? You guys must stop w'holding this stuff.
Are you also suppirting an open investigation of Trump and his cronies?
It’s a little late if you’re hoping for a free and fair US presidential race. 

…which you’re not.
Come on man! We need an independent FULL investigation into the Trump/Russia ties! Line up behind Sen. Issa if you're afraid!
congressman Issa
My mistake-thanks!
I'm positive he wants to be a senator !
@SlaughterAM We need an independent special prosecutor. Anything else is GOP collaborators obfuscation.
Nothing short of a full transparent investigation will be sufficient to address their acts against us.  Be a leader.
Keep of the good work. Now stand up to @POTUS and his war on American #FreePress #sciencematters  and you will be my hero. @senrobportman
Good start but we want an independent investigation!
how about an independent investigation on Trump's ties to Russia?
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. History will not treat u well if u don't stand up for our sovereignty. #Trumprussia
so it's OK to lose sovereignty to a NWO that every globalist is for inside DC? No borders or defense of it? Um ok
so, we should investigate @realDonaldTrump ?
Please call for special prosecutor to investigate Trump/Russia ties.
going to have to look into this. You should look into Trump's ties to Russia too
We need a non-partisan investigation into the ties to the Trump people.
Country before Party! Support HR 1059 Russia Sanctions Review Act
You're kidding me. Start with an investigation of Russian electoral interference and Trump complicity.
ok great. So you're supporting an independent investigation of Agent Orange (aka @POTUS) and his reported ties to Russia?
what about your administration's information war? Force 45 to release tax returns!
you forgot something Portman! We must legitimize Trump by pushing him to release his taxes to show complete transparency!!
Instead of your "Countering Foreign Propaganda & Disinformation Act" how about "Independent Investigation of Trump.Russia"
All of your audiences look the same. Where is the diversity? Support an independent investigation of Russiagate, 45 and all.
We need a independent counsel to investigate Trumps and company relationship with Russia.
In 2016 congressional Republicans invited foreign meddling in US elections. #HR5053:
https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/house-bill/5053 …
#SellingUsOut

Trump Administration = disinformation.
as an Ohio resident I hope that you'll be supporting and pushing for an independent investigation of the ties bt WH n Russia
Your re-election campaign last year was based on disinformation & propaganda funded by dark $:
http://www.toledoblade.com/Politics/2016/05/14/Fact-checkers-slam-anti-Ted-Strickland-ad.html …
Good start perhaps. More important, the Trump campaign/WH connection and #TrumpTaxes. Let's not pretend #Russia acted alone.
please lead the fight to investigate Russia's interference in our government as well as those individuals participating.
wow. What about our president? That would be good place to start. Country before party, Rob.
Doing a independent investigation in to Russia hacking Not GOP cover ups
then you should be the leader getting investigations into the #russianhacking of our election #russiatrump #ImpeachTrump
have you pushed for an independent special prosecutor yet as it seems the chairs from both houses as well as AG compromised
yes,  let's find out how the Russians exposed Democratic Party corruption.
investigate trump relations to russia
Start in the highest office in the land.
Not enough. Must have an independent investigation ASAP on Trump's ties to Russia. His attacks on #FreePress underscore need.
Hillary had closer ties than Trump ever will. Especially when she was in the commodity selling of Uranium as SoS
Russia focus is good, but we want a #TOWNHALLNOW Rob. #ListenToYourConstituents #doyourjobrob #REALTownHallNOW #meetwithus
How can you say this and not be screaming for an investigation of Trump/Russia? Or is party more important?
then support a bi partisan investigation
