ya Right, right to work for less, will do wonders to raise wages.
"Pro-growth" Is that politician speech for tax breaks for the wealthy?
Dream on fool.
1 your calculator must be broken 2 talk to an economist cause you are definitely not one.
The so called fix will only benefit the rich and corporations which have no intention of raising wages. Hurts majority of your constituents
.@senrobportman will it "fix" taxes in the President's favor? How will we know if we don't see his taxes? Indeed, how will it affect yours?
Trickle up economics?  I'm sick right now thinking of how you try to mislead your constituents with rhetoric while blindly following trump..
what are you talking about by about. Stop gas-lighting. We're smart.
Wait on it.... with this plan only the 1% will benefit... VOTE NO
Party and donors over country. By supporting @realDonaldTrump tax plan you share blame for the growing wealth inequality in our country!
Tax cuts are not the same thing as fixing the tax code. Your constituents understand that, why don't you?
More $s for millionaires. #BoughtAndPaidFor
But ProGrowth isn't in what is Proposed.Are You Doing Another?
What is your position on Trumpcare 2.0?
You hold "town halls" with Chase Bank only in attendance & tweeted about it while Ohioans ask for one! That shows us how much you care.
The fix he wants doesn't help lower and middle class
Can u pls explain how tax cuts for the wealthy & higher taxes on middle class  help? It's proven it hurts economy.

You are rich, so you don't care about us.  You only care about Corporations.  We in Ohio, need to get rid of you, not keep making you richer
#deficit don't fund increased wealthy for your #backers on the backs of my children #trickledown is #laffable #sellout
You have been in DC forever, why haven't you done anything about it before??? Talk Talk Talk. You can't even cut a dime out of a budget.
No more handouts and corp welfare. Corporations are the welfare queens, not the poor, the sick, the elderly, or our kids. @realDonaldTrump
Corps are already sitting the most cash reserves ever, but won't increase wages. Stop handing them my tax $ and make them SHARE THE BURDEN!
That is total BS.  Trickledown does not work.  Why do you want to keep doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result?
Deficit neutral? I'm skeptical. Cutting taxes is not a great idea. I don't believe in trickle down either.
No you're not.   You're going to kill the middle class
You don't care about a living wage because your big donors don't care.
It's not like "pro-growth" polices have historically led to bubbles and economic crashes or anything...
Taxing large corporations and the wealthy more fixes the problem and is a pro-growth policy. Do that.
Code for tax free ride on wall St while main St pays for it. Corporate welfare made possible thanks to republicans. Do yr job Russians in WH
I think for the next 6 yrs we will all be spreading the word to oust you in 2022. You don't listen to your constituents. #resist
By giving billionaire tax breaks???
Short hand fir our rich donor are gonna live off you poor suckers who voted for the Orange Mussolini! #Trumprussia is what I'm interested in
It doesn't work that way, ask Kansas
Quick translation: the rich aren't rich enough, let's make them richer.
You are joking, right? This is ONLY going to put more money in YOUR pocket, and will NOT help the VAST majority of Americans.
Fixing our tax code, yes- unfettered tax cuts to corporations, no. You seem to be confusing fixing the tax code with cutting taxes!
so far it sounds remarkably like "trickle down." Why would it work this time?
And then unicorns will graze in the green meadows of Terrace Park!
You're right; it is broken. But giving corporations and the wealthy MORE cuts doesn't 'fix' an already-rigged system.
1. Cut taxes for corporations and the wealthy 
2. Balloon national debt
3. ??????
4. Profit.
Will the tax loopholes be closed? Why did IBM get a tax credit? What corps actually got taxed at 35%? Please name them.
.@indivisibledyt tax rates are HISTORICALLY LOW.  GOP tax cuts have starved government of funding for critical programs.
You had a difficult time creating no jobs as Bush's job czar. If you need pro-growth policies ask @POTUS44 or @billclinton. #trumpClownShow
No, your'e going to line RICH, ENTITLED POCKETS INCLUDING @GOP & @realDonaldTrump ! @GOP #MidtermPurge
You mean just like the Bush Administration when you were saying the same thing? You're incredibly dishonest. #trumpClownShow
Corporate welfare is not pro-growth. The largest parts of the US economy are located in areas among the highest tax rates.
WORKING PEOPLE shouldn't have deductions eliminated & be forced to pay federal tax on the  $$ they use to pay state/local taxes!!
So you say... THIS kind of plan didn't work in our past, what makes you think it will be diff? GOP is working for corporate USA . Do better!
Honestly, I think you're probably a good guy, but asking constituents to believe this lie abt tax breaks for rich & corporate is pretty evil
If you raise wages first, the rest will happen, but that isn't what your party wants, is it?
But they aren't spending it, because there is no room to grow at the top. We need small business boost, not corporatist tax cuts.
Donald Trump needs to release his taxes to the public before we 'fix' a system that may only benefit him.
You got all that from one page?? Get Trumps Taxes first and then we'll let you know!! #resist
Apple has 250,000,000,000 sitting in a bank account They arent even investing it in jobs. And you think pro-growth policies are what we need
Are you actually going to tax rich people more?
