Is that a sick joke? You bipartisan? There has never been a GOP bill that you didn't vote for. PS please buy yourself a decent suit.
Is this a joke? You are a republican stooge.
Bahahaha ...about that town hall....
#CHIP #ACA #GunControlNow #TrumpRussia #TrumpTaxReturns #EPA #DACA #nepotism #TrumpLiesMatter
They must have pretty low standards. Your voting record does not reflect this award.
What’s the Panetta Institute? Is that one of those small businesses you go to for scripted “employee town hall” meetings? #Ohioans aren’t impressed Rob. When you sabotaged the ACA and then voted for Trumpcare hoping it wouldn’t pass in the House you said all we need to know.


WTF?  This must must be a parody acct.
How the hell did you get that? Is it backwards day?
why would you get that award?
You’ve got to be kidding me 
Hilarious. They must have randomly drawn names out of a hat.  You only represent your wealthy donors. 
43081 constituent.
Mostly due to your longivity, very little bipartisanship by anyone !!
Bipartisan on anything non-controversial. If its at all contentious, you go party line.
You sure haven't done anything for Ohio or the poor - whose cock did you suck for this
LOLOLOLOL bipartisanship?!?!?!?!  LOLOLOLOLOLOL
Thanks, Senator. Needed a good laugh today.
I'll give you some credit, you do TALK a lot abt opioids & human trafficking. Raising awareness important. Your voting record is different.
I sent them a long email explaining how you have disqualified yourself for this, I hope they read their emails, unlike you!
Oh, and here's a secret, Rob: it's not about the drugs. It's about the anomie and sense of hopelessness. Give the people hope for a future.
Is this an Onion headline?????
Obviously, you can’t champion repeal and replace. You must be more democrat than republican.
Do something about YOUR POTUS NOW!!!
You will never see another vote from me.  Coward.
Is this a joke or something? Your voting record shows no bipartisanship at all. Would like to know how this was determined. @indivisibledyt
I sent them a long email today asking them to reconsider. Give it a shot: info@PanettaInstitute.org
You get a merit badge and Harvey Weinstein autographed photo.

They must've been hard-pressed for candidates b/c YOU obstructed a SCOTUS nominee for a year for political reasons!
Lol, Panetta Institute I don't think that word means what you think it means. Portman - Bipartisan since when?
You need to do something about Trump. Now. Not after he has a conniption fit and tries to nuke North Korea or Sweden or Sanctuary Cities.
What a freakin' low bar that was
While you support people who would kill Ohioans. Don't pat yourself on the back yet...
Were they drinking when they chose you?
If the award is worth anything, I'm sure you will vote in bipartisanship to protect Mueller's investigation. Btw listen/clear your voicemail
I'd like to see a little bipartisanship. Like to see #Republicans & #Democrats stand together against the crazy #Trump-eter in the WH!
You mean the guy who ignores his constituents won a prize???  LOL
Give it back.
"Portman has voted with his party 97.2 percent of the time" https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/437501001/ … This award is like "winning" trophies in little league
You work on drugs and human trafficking. Got time left for the rest of Ohio who voted for you? Or are you busy with your BFF Sherrod?
why can't you be like senator corker, I forgot you have no spine. Coward
My ass!
"Bipartisan leadership"... when? Do you mean when you voted to take healthcare away from millions? Or when you put party over the people?
Guess there's a sliding scale of about 560k Ohioans that you voted to kick off their health insurance.
Give me a break!!! You were too cowardly to stand up with the Dems to save HC for Ohio, you support a crazy man's agenda with your votes.
guess they have no standards and and giving awards to anyone these days
Too bad there isn't a reward for constituent relations.  If so, maybe you would visit districts and not those lame telephony town halls!
Sleazy Kochsucker
Lol. They must not know you are trying to take health care from 20M, hate the environment, and want a tax give-away for the rich.
Guess I know where to look when I need someone full of shit.
Lmfao

Congratulations man, well deserved
Two words: Merrick Garland.
Congrats on the award, and we love to hear you talk about bipartisanship. Now follow through? ACA fixes urgently needed.
Lolololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololyou are shamefully partisanlolololololololololol
Haha haha.  Thanks for the laugh. 

Oh. You were serious.  Huh.
HaHaHaHa. I didn't know you had a sense of humor or a bipartisan bone in you body. #spineless  #alltalk #priceless
That is great.  Time to earn it.
Hey Rob, better grab it and put in a safe place before they see your voting record and revoke it.
Let's see you be a leader for bi-partisan healthcare reform!  We need that kind of leadership, not the type that kneels to a narrow base.
Please live up to the honor. We face a perilous time & we need leaders who can stand up for all America not extremists
R U F'ing Kidding Me?! You are one of the most partisan GOP Trump yes men in the Senate. That award isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Hahahahahah bitarisanship well I guess that award has no meaning.  Which one of Trumps cabinet appointees did you oppose?
I would give you a lot of credit if you would work on improving the ACA w Dems and then TOGETHER creating a new system..
This must be some kind of satirical award, right?
Did they actually look at your voting record for this or just all the hot air you spot?
Zero Bipartisanship on health care ACA reform. You just suck the Trump teat as long as you think it will help your agenda #Resign
And your die hard support for NRA is part of the reason thousands of Americans die hard due to mass shootings. #GunControlNow
Dis you say Panetta or Panera.
I can’t think of one major bipartisan bill you’ve ever been a part of. You are part of the gridlock in DC, not the solution.
That’s odd since you tow the party line on every major initiative run by McConnell and Ryan, including shutout of Dems on healthcare bill.
Um, when have you been bi-partisan?
So POTUS is about to absolutely CRUSH the healthcare system.

WHY AREN'T YOU PROTECTING MILLIONS OF AMERICANS?
A new executive order on health insurance may be coming. Here are some thoughts.
they know about your Trumpcare vote?
Next they’ll give Trump an award for being a very smart and not at all racist president.

Trump tweet this AM: What he failed to do in Congress, this order aims to do-- limit access to plans w/ pre-ex protections. 1/ https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/917698839846576130 …

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
