No town halls since your mean spirited wealthcare bill. Wonder why. /s
Could it be because Rob Portman received $382,100 from health insurance and pharmaceutical manufacturing?
Let's help Rob out, please vote so he can see what you want.
could we have a town hall about trumpcare? 45069
You're taking a big risk, politically, voting for Trumpcare.  Trump is already preparing to disown it.
@realDonaldTrump will throw all @GOP under the bus when his voters start dying in the streets.
The healthcare bill will kill voters who trusted you and gave you their votes. They trusted you.
How about a meeting with women who rely on PP for health care?  Can you squeeze one if those in?
I think Rob Portland Children's doctor should be covered by his medical insurance which is free
And will continue to avoid town hall meetings at all cost!
The fact you need help deciding to stand up for the most vulnerable in our society proves you have no business calling yourself a US Senator
And meet families with kids with special needs, with adults disabled, in nursing homes and those still on Medicaid.
I have no intentions of getting an abortion but I do need Planned Parenthood for Healthcare.Why? Why? Why?
Please spend the day with a pediatrician & see what we do to provide efficient, quality care to vulnerable children
Rob did the same thing with gay rights, until it affected him personally Rob inflicted misery on others for @gop stupidity. Grow some balls!
and how about a town hall to cover the "more" category? Or does "more" mean your big donors?
Liar
Where are all your pro trumpcare rookies,  senator?  Perhaps you could provide one?  Then watch us tear it apart.
We'll continue to drive to DC to be heard. 
@RepDaveJoyce 
#EidMubarak

Tired of people fighting for their lives & access to care being labeled hysterical? I am.

Here's what I think...
When is your next town hall meeting in #CLE ? Come to our city to defend your record. Have courage & stand up for yourself!
Are you meeting with recovering addicts anywhere in NE Ohio? I am a recovering addict (nearly 5 years) & would love to hear your plans.
What about the poor, the elderly and the disabled? If your thinking of healthcare, those are the people who will be harmed by senate bill
You need to stand by your state constituents and not be bullied by your colleagues in DC and executive branch. Show integrity.
make sure you tell them about your health care bill.  Weren't u 1 of the writers on it? Tell them 576,000 people in oh will lose healthcare
Mr. Portman, please, please, please state publically that you will not support #trumpcare 2.0 think of our Children Elders People In Need.
Host a townhall. Let us ALL speak to you! The healthcare bill will affect EVERY Ohioan! #Ohio #VoteNoAHCA
Thank you for saying #NoAHCA.My family depends on #ACA protections,I wish my rep @SenCoryGardner would do the same.
Trumpcare is evil. Don't be evil
Rob, you can either support Medicaid patients & fight opioids or you can vote for the senate health care bill. You can't do both.
- OH voter
Lol false dichotomy. Many forms of suffering and many ways to overcome them.
A yes vote on the Senate health care bill would be reprehensible. It would be shameful. I hope you avoid that legacy.
On your health care page you say that Obamacare was "rammed" through Congress. Will you not vote until Trumpcare has been debated longer?
What does this bill do to address any of the issues you claim to care about? Is Trumpcare the legacy you want to leave Ohio and America?
This is my friend Alix, who was randomly shot in Columbus. Medicaid keeps her alive. Please consider Alix when you vote.
I grew up in Cleveland and my parents still live there. On behalf of all of us, vote NO on this disastrous "health care" bill!
Open town halls. Not planned invite only events. Do not surround yourself with an echo chamber: Ohio needs you to lead all of us.
ARE YOU MEAN & NASTY? Will you kick millions off of Medicare? Will force women to seek deadly back alley abortions? Is that who you are?
Fraud.
Waste of tweets... this fool is bought and paid for. The only Ohioans he represents are the big cash donors that actually live here.
Maybe add a poll to your Twitter for a quick vote of how your OH constituents really feel about Trumpcare. Not scientific, but relevant. 
Medical practices are small business. It's not like those Medicaid dollars are flushed down the toilet. They pay nurses and doctors.
How about democrats? Meet with any of those? Town Hall much? Too busy to represent me?
Please vote no. If you really want to represent ALL of Ohio...
You do understand that you are eviscerating Ohioans out of healthcare if you vote yes.
All of those parties needs healthcare! #VoteNoAHCA  #HCR Form a bipartisan group to improve the #aca
I wouldn't open with, "I am taking away your ability to afford medical treatment."
Hey I'm a small biz owner - I'd LOVE to meet with you to talk about how EVERY professional group is against the healthcare bill.
Vote No on #TrumpCare to keep your JOB!
really?Better tell who runs your website because the only townhall they have listed is a sign-up for a virtual townhall you held a month ago
Only help the rich please
Medicaid recipients, doctors, people who don't have investment income?
When did you start? And why will you 'meet' with all those groups, but not hold a #TownHall?
You and your "social media presence" seems tightly curated and thus artificial. I agree with folks saying to broaden your exposure, to all!
Please do what's right and vote no to the healthcare bill.
How about a town hall?
Liar. You lied to everyone.
Mr. Portman,  we are meeting July 6th @ Warren Davidson's office in West Chester,  Oh. To talk about the opiate crises. Please join us?
Hold a town hall, talk with families with children with special needs, meet with healthcare workers and social workers. Do more for #Ohio
So you're going to continue to dodge constituents other than in curated, groups where you won't be challenged?
MEAN & NASTY. Is that you? Are you going to throw poor people off Medicare & giving millionaires a big tax break? Are you that greedy? SHAME
Serious question: What are you trying to fix in the ACA and how does this repeal bill fix it? It just gives $ to families making $400k+/yr.
When will you hold an open meeting in the Grove City area? Never I assume
we need health care, drug rehab. Please vote w your conscious.
All due respect Senator, you are avoiding the issue your constituents are really worried about. Need to know you protect us. #VoteNoAHCA
When and where will your next (first) town hall meeting be held? I never get invited to your private meet and greet.
I don't have to travel Ohio and pretend to care to know all Ohioans and all Americans need health insurance and health care. Stop pretending
It's not just 5th Avenue. The GOP can kill ppl right here in OH with this bill & get away with it. But Rob wants to be sure, he is thorough.
All the people who everything to lose when you vote to strip them of healthcare!   How generous of you.
You'll never show up in Cleveland, that's for sure.
Will seniors be kicked out of nursing homes if this passes? Seniors out on streets and nursing homes closing. 3rd world country :(
Do the right thing. Reject this atrocious Healthcare bill. Not only will it continue to destroy families, but your reelection possibilities.
does your healthcare bill help my middle class life? U want me to pay so the rich can get trillions in tax cuts! #Wealthcare
And if you vote for this bill, every one of them will be adversely affected.
Face your constituents through town hall meetings open for ALL Ohioans, not select employees or club members.  Are you truly listening?
How's it feel to take health insurance away from the poor, the elderly & children to give $$ back to rich ppl who don't need to worry anyway
Doesn't count when you're hand picking the audience and questions.  
How about a townhall open to all your constituents
Travel safely in #Ohio. I hope you lend an open ear and an open mind. We can overcome this #crisis together. Fellow #Ohioans are in need!
What about town halls with just common folks?

That was such a moving interview! MIKE+KAREN CLAY ARE ABSOLUTE 
HEROS! DONT CUT MEDICAID! Go2 Hippocrates solve healthcare 50% less
We want you to protect our healthcare and  VOTE NO
How about open townhalls for ALL Ohioans?
#PortmanVoteNo on #AHCA. Protect Ohioans, Rob.  And answer your damn phone.
How about a public town hall?
You mean donors and people who agree with you?
As a voter I find it incredibly frustrating that you continue to play coy.  You were one of the 13, shame on you for letting it see daylight
Make sure to visit ALL the Children's Hospitals.  Listen to the parents, the staff and the Administrations.  Should provide crystal clarity.
How many calls are in favor of the AHCA? Do the work - build a bipartisan cin mission and start from scratch. We deserve better!
You should hold a town hall that is open to the public to show that you really want to hear what our concerns are
#ohiodeservesbetter than the AHCA. Kicking over 20 million off insurance isn't the answer.
In an open form? Or invitation only still?
Will you meet people that won't have insurance once the GOP replacement passed-if you vote YES!
Maybe focus on the "more".  OH has many types of people!
Uh, you need to meet with ALL of us. Not a time to pick and choose your safe spaces. If you can't take the heat, you're in it for the money.
What about my family?  Preexisting condition & Medicaid expansion people
I wish you would work more with @SenSherrodBrown and the two of you would present a united front for this state; for our welfare
I'd love to see you in Columbus! Time to man up and stand up!!
I would love to meet with you. I am a public school teacher, available any day. Give me a time and a place in our state and I'll be there.
Try going on ride alongs with home heath aids and see what Medicaid cuts would do to Ohio's disabled
How about meeting disabled Ohio citizens? #NOCutsToMedicaid
As a small business owner, I don't know how I'm going to afford to purchase Healthcare if the bill is passed. #Ohio #HealthcareBill
Please listen closely to what each and every individual, not businesses. Don't jeopardise the health of your constituents. Vote NO!
Right now ALL we want to hear about is our healthcare and how you are screwing us out of it. Fix the #ACA or go for #MedicareForAll .
Everybody except the somebodies that make up most of your constituents.
Meet w/ healthcare workers, learn abt how legislation affects them & their patients. They are one of OHs largest employee groups!
Specially selected audiences to avoid real confrontation.
Still no town hall? Will you have the guts to show up at Bernies appearance in Columbus tommorrow? I doubt it. Coward.
When will you hold a town hall to speak with all constituents?
You can meet them all at townhall meetings
Please , hold open forum townhalls at multiple locations around the state. You insult the intelligence of your constituents by not doing so
No on the Senate heath care bill.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
How can this be ok? #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
How about nursing home residents, medically fragile children and their parents, middle class and low income workers #OhioToo
Please talk to the urban poor!
Please talk to the elderly!
I'm an Ohioan. I'd like to know why, since you wrote the AHCA, you're willing to take money from the poor to fund tax cuts for the rich.
More like Mitch McConnell and his staffers wrote it. Most of the working group had no idea (see Mike Lee's video).
Will you post times and locations so that those that are interested can attend?
You helped write the AHCA. Either own up to its viciousness or publicly oppose it.
Waiting for his YES to be adequately bought. 
Please post your schedule for town halls. We want to hear your thoughts on healthcare. Don't you want to hear ours?
All Ohioans, both in the groups you named and otherwise, will be hurt by the AHCA. Put human lives above your party and oppose the bill.
Please talk to women!
Just be sure not to support the Senate Health bill as written because it hurts Ohio. We are fighting an Opioid epidemic.
please include pediatric hospitals. Hold their hands, ask what the teddy bear's name is. Please protect them against BCRA.
But will not have town halls
What about those of us who don't fall into those categories? Will you hold town hall meetings? What about students? Seniors? #NoAHCA
Don't forget to ask them how they feel about The Death Care Bill/massive tax cuts for rich white folks.
But will you hold any open town halls where people not previously 'set up'appoinents can talk with you??? Would go very far w/ constituents.
I think a handful of universities and colleges would love to host you so you can speak with students if you won't have an open town hall.
Yet no townhalls....
Will you vote to remove funding from those people's healthcare after 2019? Your constituents are watching!
All of the above need health insurance. Support Medicare 4 All
