That piece of crap Republicans are pushing will only cover the rich. You talk about the most vulnerable but what about everyone in between.
Anthem wants to pull out because of the GOP and president injecting instability into the insurance market. YOU ARE MAKING IT WORSE.
Please. Please do the right thing. You've opposed this terrible plan before.
Trumpcare will kick 23 million people off health care. Is that better?
It's called the Affordable Care Act, senator. Cannot put this one on @BarackObama. Try reading the article before tweeting 45's rhetoric.
Sir: I'm an Ohioan over 55 enrolled in @AnthemInc plan through #ACA...the idea of being #uninsured is TERRIFYING. 

Is anyone listening?
So throw out Obamacare and start over again.  How wrong-headed is that??
What's your solution? Does it insure more or less people? Is it more efficient? Plenty of followers/voters waiting to hear...
Single payer. Now.
My family is on #ACA. I'm self-employed, husband young Alzheimers, income lowered. Please keep subsidies tied to income, don't cut #Medicaid
You're on the clock, tick tock. You will be party to this disaster if we start seeing people dying because of your support of Trump.
I agree. Make changes that help everyone, especially those that need it most.
you don't have a sensible plan. This chaos & disarray hurts people. Anthem pullout is GOP fault. trump sabotage
AHCA is not the way.  Not even close.  When will you hold a town hall with those of us that will actually be affected?
We don't need ins. We need healthcare.  Insurance companies use 40% of healthcare dollars for profits, marketing, CEO salaries, bureaucracy
Would like to know for those affected by Anthem what the percentage of people voted for Trump and against their own interests.
I am enrolled in #ACA & didn't vote for #Trump.
Fraud.
Obamacare needs improvement not the uncertainty created by the GOP. Work on improving the #ACA. Don't pass the #AHCA
Don't repeal, improve!
Opioids.  Opioids. Opioids. Opioids. Opioids. Opioids. BUT!! ALSO remove ins. from 23 million Americans. Because common sense. #portmanlogic
Remember, Obama said if there's a better plan he'd support it.  What are you doing besides tweeting like a Republican?
You and the GOP are doing a great job driving ACA into the ground in order to push through your agenda. Thought you cared for the vulnerable
Fix it.  Don't scuttle it.  What program has ever worked perfectly when it was first rolled out?  You work for US.
The AHCA's Medicaid per capita cap and block grant actually pick on kids. Here our suggestions. -> https://firstfocus.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/First-Focus-Hatch-Health-Reform-Ltr-05-23-17.pdf … (1)
The AHCA harms children in these 6 ways. (2) 
Rep. Herrera-Beutler (R-WA) worked with children's hospitals and tried to fix issues for children but was denied the opportunity. (3)
You have always been a great #Champion4Children. Please do all you can to protect children from harm. #DoNoHarm (4)
Anyone who qualifies for Medicaid is vulnerable. If you take care away from anyone, you are failing Ohioans.
Work with the dems to make it work. Not ram through a one party piece of legislation like dems did with #Obamacare. Keep the good parts
Or you can be the adult in the room & work with dems to tweak ACA.   ACA.   Medicaid.   pre-existing conditions protections.  Please
If the law requires insurance, the insurers should be penalized for not being available
Here's crazy idea: Work with Dems. Why GOP incapable of setting aside politics; why fighting over symantic "repeal"? Get some common sense!
This is why we need single payer
We can do better than the Republican Party. What say you?
Are you willing to stand up to the altright  and make reasonable changes to the current lawPart of a problem or are you part of a solution?
Shut up already
Guess we'd better hurry up with more tax breaks for rich folks. Isn't that the GOP solution to everything?
Because of you and Trump causing the instability in the market.  You must do better as a senator.
Obamacare gave me very affordable health care, thank you very much.
You are on the committee to create a plan. You have constituents ready to provide input. What more could we ask for? Maybe just a #TownHall
#MakeAmericaSickAgain
Pass a repeal then or admit you are a phony
We can do much better than AHCA. You think patients with opioid addiction will get what they need?
Wall Street Journal? At least you’re not even pretending to be anything but a tool for your rich donors and the Murdoch media empire.
Nothing to do with Obamacare. Perhaps @AnthemInc can tap into the $54BN "loose change" they have when they wanted to merge w/Cigna? #Greed
You're a hypocrite, it'd be fine if your GOP wouldn't sabotage it. You're not getting anything done until the GOP does something about Trump
For profit health insurance rules:
1. Healthy people = asset (good, take money)
2. Sick People = Liability (very bad, eliminate fast)
Yeah, good luck with that.  That must be why it's getting done in such a timely manner (with GOP in power in all branches).
It will be a complete disaster if GOP doesn't get a healthcare plan going for the country. There are no more excuses. The People are waiting
which means...working with Dems to improve what we've got..COST CUTTING measures that don't involve cutting services
Action by Anthem is result of the game Pres. Trump and GOP are playing with health care. Shame on all of you for your sabotage of the ACA.
Don't you have anything better to do today?  How many more times do you have to Tweet and lie through your ass?  Get off it!
Single payer universal healthcare
You & your inept, corrupt GOP Regime led by our Imbecile in Chief are causing massive turmoil in insurance markets. It's plain 4 all 2 see.
Please clearly state that you agree AHCA does not do that and you won't vote for it.
Enforce the mandate; guarantee the subsidies to the insurance for cost-sharing, deductibles and co-pays for families making under $50,000
Try actually reading the article. You don't represent Ohio, you represent the 1% that want a tax cut.
Does the Republican solution improve on Obamacare.  Ask the 24 million who would lose their coverage.
#AHCA is a step backwards, not forward
Ok, Universal Healthcare it is. Get profits out of our healthcare.  No more insurance companies in that business.
What is congress going to do to punish insurers for leaving Ohioans with no healthcare options?
It's Trump & Cong. GOP's fault for failing to provide insurers with confirmation that they will reimbursed & for causing market uncertainty.
Don't blame Trump and congress. Obummercare  is still in place!!!
So taking billions away from our most vulnerable while giving tax breaks to the super wealthy is your way to do this?
And that would be done by strengthening it with single payer coverage.
How many healthcare industry jobs will be lost because the GOP sabotage of the ACA? Less people with insurance means fewer jobs!  #DoYourJob
I'll believe you care about the most vulnerable when your actions match your words.
You can & must do better than to sabotage #Obamacare .   Republicans have done everything in their power to handicap it. #Ohio
Let's face it, you fools had years to make a healthcare plan that was better and you couldn't do it.  Fix ACA.....this is on you, not Obama!
It is breathtaking how you morally bankrupt Republicons can blatantly lie to the American people who you are supposed to serve. Shameful.
Obamacare is fine. You are a crook and hate the poor.
I have Anthem not through ACA, my premium has remained the same but deductible rises each year, fewer services are covered.
I agree it needs work. Single Payer looks great! See those other countries that do it? Current repeal/replace GOP plan is a joke.
It's not Obamacare it's the AHA. And, no you can't do better
Yes they can! REPEAL! Gov. Get out of healthcare!
Troll -block
Wrong, Senator, unless you mean go to single payer. That would be better. Otherwise, keep and strengthen the ACA.
you talking about the rich?
Oh, BS....it's because of the CSR's and you know it. Stop misleading your constituents.
Single payer would be great for everyone!
How so?
Here are some of the ways: http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-resources …
Rob and @GOP want ACA to fail, need ACA to fail, otherwise they can't give huge tax breaks to dark money donors via AHCA-which Rob supports.
Senator, the mean-spirited, ethically vacant, & morally vacuous GOP wants to take away insurance from 23 million or more. Your stand?
The plan from the house is a huge step backwards.  Just a large tax break for the ultra wealthy.   Wealthcare-SAD!
Senator. That is true and thanks for admitting
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.299
Thanks to the trumpster and GOP, you can't get anything right even with a majority SAD
Republicans have an alternative to Obamacare. Took 7 years & a lot of help from Vladimir Putin:
Hey, Maybe you should hold a Town Hall and see what your consitutants really think? A real one, not a cherry picked facebook questionaire
The current fed govt doesn't have much interest in fixing anything or protecting anyone. Maybe OH should follow NV:
You have no plan and frankly no clue on healthcare. Why not consider single payer? Is it because you can't get campaign donations that way?
Countries with single payer have higher standard of care and life expectancy than the US, at much lower cost. Why not do what works?
REPEAT AFTER ME: AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. It has a name. If you are grown up enough to wear a tie stop resorting to nicknames to things you hate
Certainly the chaos your party injected into the market has nothing to insurers pulling out of the system.
2. Thanks for at least paying attention to the Medicare expansion issue. The current bill is horrendous.
The GOP plan in the Senate robs from Ohio's Medicaid and cancer patients to give tax breaks to the rich. Is that how you will protect us Rob
What does this mean for those of us who currently have Anthem through our employers? Will we be left uninsured?
Why didn't you take this position in  the years between 2010 and 2017? You all could have worked it out. Shame!
One politician running healthcare is as bad as any other politician running healthcare. #RepealFixesObamacare
This is due to you and your GOP members.  You are to blame.  Ohio will remember your part in ruining our country.  Shame on you!
THIS IS ON YOU NOT OBAMA
What did you do to try to stop Anthem from leaving Ohio's ACA exchange? That's right - nothing. For 7 years you have hoped for ACA failure.
It hasn't worked since the beginning. In my county it has never worked. And now we are 1 of the 20.
Single payer or we don't care
If you truly mean that you will have to go against your party on nearly every provision of any R plan. I have my doubts you will do so.
Please hold a town hall so we can discuss!
Agreed. Let's start working on a single-payer health care system that takes care of every citizen!
Your slogan, and your party are 8 years dated.
Your party survived on nothing but hate for a black president.
We've had enough, you're done.
You've put the interests of 400 families ahead of 1M Ohioans. Your action on healthcare will be an albatross that hangs around your neck.
Since he's not up for re-election, @senrobportman is the honeybadger, he don't care. His eyes are on @GOP leadership. Shame!
I hope he likes working with @SenSherrodBrown, because Portman has just finished Josh Mandel's career
we can only hope!
