I don't suppose he'd want to volunteer his services at my house.
#25thAmendment
You just think you are winning. Honeysuckle always wins eventually.
If you have time for honeysuckle, you have time for a town hall. Meet with us. 45224
Do you have grandchildren? Don't you think insurance companies should cover essential benefits? Kids? Preexisting conds? Ohio thinks so!
Rather than share your insipid pics, how about you get a health plan that WORKS for the people of OHIO. You work for us, Rob.
this Picture is A great metaphor for ripping the lives of people from their health care. Some will die unnecessarily!!
#25thAmmendmentNow get to it or go down with him.
http://www.m.webmd.com/vitamins/ai/ingredientmono-512/honeysuckle … How about you battle 4 your constituents' best interest instead If you hold a #townhall you might know what we need
2/  It is clear you do not have a workable solution to ACA.  Work bi-partisan, take your time and IMPROVE ACA.  Polls show, the voters know.
As a constituent, I am embarassed you will tweet pics tackling this problem, but no pics of you tackling our healthcare problem!
You need one of these "Honeysuckle Poppers"—made in Ohio! http://www.misterhoneysuckle.com/  I have one and it's extremely effective.
That is fantastic!
How Bush-like.
and the healthcare bill? I'm an RN at UC worried about millions of vulnerable people.  Properly finance ACA!
Q
1/ I like spending time with my kids too.  Vote NO to Trumpcare.  Credits instead of Medicaid WITH CAPS is UNACCEPTABLE.  Leave ACA alone
When is your next townhall and I don't mean a tele-townhall.  Show up in person chicken.  No tax breaks for the rich and fix the ACA.
You are a really bad Senator.  All these photo-ops but no townhalls.  Always about your pocket, not ours.  Running for re-election already.
Another #DistractTweet
When will you start addressing the concerns of your constituents?
Fix the ACA! 
Protect the environment!
Still battling these bushes? Where will you be in the 4th.
Will you be holding any public events during recess? None of your offices know. July 4th parade? Will you face the people of Ohio?
Maybe you can schedule some health care town halls when you're done with your honeydo list. OH-09, 43606
With climate change, we'll be fighting kudzu along Lake Erie.
That's great...just don't hold up the entire healthcare bill on the premis we need more $ for opioid abuse. We NEED this bill to pass!!
Why? Can you point to a single health policy expert, economist, patients rights org, or professional org who says its good? All oppose.
Spending holiday weekend with family something we all should do - plz vote against repeal - need bipartisan approach
Must you be poor to support healthcare; must you be black to support civil rights; must you be gay to support marriage equality; No to all.

Tell @senrobportman: Vote NO on #BCRA. Take action: http://action.protecthealthcare.org/page/speakout/tell-portman … 
If repeal then replace what do u suggest the  people on ACA do? Some need life saving care, some will die unnecessarily. U ok w/ that?
Healthcare in Ohio. Emergency
Until you give your opinion of the craziness in the White House; I really don't give a rats ass what you're doing.
Would love to see you at one of our great 4th of July Parades. Where will you be I'll bring some friends. We'll come out and wave.
And yes, we folks in Dayton REALLY want you to come and talk with us.....
Fraud.
Did he mention what a mistake it was voting to confirm Betsy DeVos?
Great. Now go repeal Obamacare.
My Ohio care now working in Ohio. We need emergency action. Health agencies going private.
Cool. I spent the day worrying about my sons' and country's future  governed by a hateful madman + intellectually/morally bankrupt Congress.
Spending the afternoon wondering if Trump fake beating up a CNN logo will make the history books?
A real man wouldn't strip health care from 23 million Americans.
They are an invasive plant like.. Much like the #GOPpolicies.
Politics aside, you never win that battle. 

You still anger me.
Check out Ohio on this map.
Nice to know that if you were injured, you'd have great health insurance. Why can't we have that too? #SaveACA #SaveAmericanLives
Did you get them out by the root, Mr. Senator? To eradicate, we have to get the root up, amirite
Is this ur "play to my base while I take away healthcare" photo? Did your PR team suggest it? Holding a townhall would be a better idea.
I can think of another invasive species you could help us remove from the White House.
With money we pay him he could hirer someone to clear brush.portman could be having a public meeting on health care!
PORTMAN YOU'RE A JOKE YEAR FOR TAKING PEOPLE OFF OF MEDICAID 23 MILLION OFF OF A HEALTH PLAN YOU NEED TO HELP THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA
I ate an apple. Seems about as relevent.
#REALTownHallNOW
#KillTheBillNotPeople
#talktoUS
#listentoyourconstituents
#payattention
Enjoy the holiday while the Prez you enable takes apart the 1st amendment. Then you can go back to DC rested & ready to take away healthcare
Wow, you're just like us
Health care, not wealth care!
Enjoy your weekend, then please vote no on the healthcare bill. It will devistate Americans if passed.
Strong enough 2 battle honeysuckle bushes, but strong enough 2 defy @SenMajLdr McConnell & @realDonaldTrump & vote NO on #trumpcare. Hope so
You have to get at the roots. Kind of like how you need to address economic inequality before you can make progress with anything else.
Please have a townhall to explain to Ohioans why #GOP sabotaged the ACA just so you could be "right" about its eventual demise. #leadership
The way you hide from your constituents, I'd think it prudent to keep all the shrubbery you can.
Haha!!
Bushes. Reminds me of when you were budget director for Bush, slashed taxes for rich, exploded debt, & crashed economy. Now want to do again
Deer are in Velvet. I'm sure they're loving that. Tweet some pics.
Have you considered who you are working for? http://www.browardpalmbeach.com 
This is disturbing. Are you aware that this is the man who now controls your party? https://www.dropbox.com/s/24h9klmn57g1xra/Donald_RAPIST.pdf?dl=0 …
Next work on getting that invasive species out of the White House.
The president is literally going publicly insane and you're landscaping. 

Great.
It's understandable. We all need mental health breaks from nonstop insanity. Except rest of us aren't getting paycheck to deal with it!
These people are terrorists:
And they are in the White House.
And they removed them from terrorist list. http://m.nydailynews.com/news/politics/donald-trump-kkk-connection-dad-klan-riot-arrest-article-1.2546656 …
#noban , please .

Less constituents covered by a replacement for #ACA ,is not ok.We think about it all day, everyday.This is hanging our lives in the balance.
I hope that you do not pass #AHCA . That is how I spent my day. And the refugees that are no longer allowed in:

I am glad that you and your son are enjoying the outdoors.

good, you needed the break from waffling on peoples' healthcare. it must get tiring.
While I respect family time and chores, please let your constituents know how to meet with you. Your staff claims they don't know.
Are you going to make time to hold a #townhall meeting? Time to explain your vague statements.
These refugees are victims:

And have you considered taking a stand against this terrible #refugeeban ?
Obscene really that this bastard is allowed to continue killing with banned chemical weapons 
I'm ashamed of you.
Vote NO!
Hopefully you have read this @senrobportman : https://www.brennancenter.org/sites/default/files/publications/Securing_Elections_From_Foreign_Interference_0.pdf …
