I thought you cared about Ohioans with opioid addiction. The ACA has provided care, and you want to destroy it. Hypocrisy.
correct. He has single payor fantastic insurance. We want what he has. No more, no less.
As a physician, I agree. Single payer is CLEARLY the only right answer.
The burden is on you to show (a) that is definitively isn't working & (b) supply a solution. Where are those answers? It's all words...
we owe you nothing.  You failed.  You can read about it after it is replaced.
That's abdicating their responsibility. To talk of repeal without a plan isn't for the public good. It's playing politics w/people's lives.
The quality of life for many was improved by the ACA. Was it perfect? No. But that means it needs improved upon, not just repealed w/no plan
you should have consulted with republicans when you engineered this failure.  Zero voted for it
Obamacare is a success, @senrobportman, and has nearly cut the uninsured rate in half. #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
if it is such a successful program, why are the republicans in the drivers seat?  Dems = incompetent
@poonpounder You call yourself "poonpounder". You're either a cowardly Republican who won't use his real name or a Russian fake. Pathetic.
we remember ACA was based on Romney's healthcare plan and was the same as GOP's. 7 years-can't come up with something better?
Not inspiring much confidence in GOP.
And continue to enjoy your free health care while yanking it out from others.  Big man.
enrollment up, subsidies temper premiums, good protections, record # insured. Seems ok.

NOTHING 'broken' about it. Obamacare has been improving healthcare for millions and saving out-of-pocket expenses. Keep It!!
I hope you have The Replacements in mind and ready before you do the repeal part
you will get what we give you, elections have consequences
why can't we just fix the broken parts like we've always done in the past?
Not repealed, just fix it!!!!! The parties need to work together! I am not happy with @senrobportman at all!!! And I vote
Let's hear some actual details.
Broken for who?  Those who aren't profiting enough?  It works brilliantly for this business owner and cancer survivor.
Still waiting for the plan... My life depends on it. The ACA wasn't broke in helping me survive cancer. Twice!
any solid suggestions on what you wil be replacing it with? Or how ppl can get their prescriptions when they lose coverage?
Listen to your constituents
Please reconsider! health care is important! Pre-existing condions happen! #ACA #SaveACA #IFindItShocking #Obamacare
I'm not hearing anything about replacement part. Why the hurry to repeal #HandsOffOurCare
It is not broken.  It needs some adjustments/tweaks - not repeal with no replacement.  Do you ever talk with Kasich?
as an Ohioan I find it very hard to trust you and the republicans when you offer no plan for keeping good parts and improving
if congress had not reneged on the provision that would make up the shortfall for insurers, it would be working as-is.
I'm glad you care about people being trafficked, but you need protect the people of Ohio. Protect our healthcare.
Privatization = increased profits for insurance companies and less or no care for us.
and leave 20 million AMERICANS without any health care while you fumble to make a replacement?
I would love it if every citizen had the same healthcare as that available to members of congress. Make it happen.
Senator Portman, thank you for being a voice of reason ensuing affordable health care coverage for all, Next Gen #ACA !!
Replace and repeal without a full plan in mind is stupid.  Why not just modify?
don't repeal ACA without a plan. Why would you support this? Have YOU really listened to what the people need/want?
You have no plan to replace ACA!
You don't need to repeal it just make some changes and fix it. #SaveACA
No, it is working great for millions.
Replace it with the same coverage that American taxpayers provide to you and the rest of Congress.
Where's the plan?
You have no plan. Deaths will be on your hands.
you've received over a million dollars in campaign funds from the insurance sector. Support Ohioans and save the ACA.
you can keep tweeting this over & over again but until you present an actual replacement plan, no one is going to believe you @senrobportman
Here you go, Senator.
You and your sad excuse for a representative party are seriously broken!
We need details of the replacement before repeal.
if @JohnKasich can put our well being over politics why not you? What provisions of Obamacare are expendable to you?
As a survivor of a PE, breathing is my pre-x condition. This benefit, literally, keeps me alive.
Please stop with partisan talking points and listen to constiuents #ObamacareIsWorking
#Obamacare is vital to millions. Do not destroy for the sake of political opportunism, sir.
What is the plan, sir?
Why would you repeal with no real plan in place to cover those who will suffer?
Sometimes my car breaks so I just fix it. Can't always afford a replacement!
Your safe for six years so ... dems will make sure you are not re elected with the current political policies.
Party before the people serms to be your plan. Is this what Koch money buys?
would you support it if the creator was a white man?
sir,lets take a walk at The James Cancer center and talk to patients. I know you would change your mind
its called aca.
WHERE IS THIS PLAN SENATOR???  There is no plan.  STOP THE NONSENSE.
Frugality would say it's cheaper to repair this rather than replace. #youdontcareaboutUSA
don't confuse people with jargon. Use the correct name, The Affordable Care Act. The election is over. Tell the truth.
No...formulate a replacement FIRST that accomodates ALL Americans, covers pre-existing THEN replace!!!
Details please!
what better solutions? Besides cliches& failed high risk pools what do u offer to those w/ disabilities& chronic conditions?
You'd know,  your party is the one who broke it.  

Also #ACA , not obamacare. Stop using racism to further your agenda.
repeal you seem well praxtuced.in but replace? Wtf have you got? Nada. Dump preexisting conditions, kids till 26
Heartless
.@senrobportman - Or how about fix what's broken? Thousands will lose jobs in OH w repeal. Thousands will *die*. Don't you care at all?
your ilk has had yrs to come up w/a plan.....crickets!
"All" being the operative word here. What plan do you have in mind that fits this bill?
once again you do not tell the truth. Talk to me about it, small business owner, you don't have the guts. No spine COWARD
I'm counting on you to ensure my coverage continues. Without it, I will die. Preexisting conditions make me uninsurable.
My name is Talky Tina and I don't like you!
could you have at least presented some sort of plan first. Cart before the horse. Poor leadership from @SenateGOP. #noplan
#medicare4all
why did you blocked the vote to fix it no its not Obama care ITS ACA YOUR INSURANCE AND WAGES NEED CUT FOR NOT HELPING OHIO
you can't complain without offering a better solution. Put up or shut up.
I beg to differ. You are choosing to repeal the parts of Obamacare that work. If you want a working system, listen to what the people need.
Healthcare system in US wasn't up to par B4  #ACA  #ACA made improvements. Repeal/Replace is political rhetoric. Improve #ACA
#ACA works to provide care to millions of Americans. Republicans are working to #makeamericasickagain. You don't fool us.
Please provide the details of this better system.  Repeal without replace is not a plan.  It's not doing your job
It's not broken. Millions of people depend on it including your constituents. When u mess this up I'll remind u of this tweet
what, then, is the replacement?
And yet you offer no details on replacement. How will you continue to cover 700K Ohioans and others who receive services?
When will you release a plan? When will you be holding a public meeting or town hall to discuss that plan?
Until we find these things out Senator, we will continue to make visits like this:
2nd visit of the day. Met with @senrobportman's staff to inform them of their constituents opposition to repealing the ACA. @IndivisibleTeam 
@IndivisibleTeam passed Obamacare w/o consulting republicans, and now you want us to hear you!? Lol arrogant
And we're gonna take into account the opinion of the poon pounder. I swear.
But that's my legacy.....
