This is parody, right?
#bullshit that was shameful
you mean the stolen seat from Merrick Garland....we won't forget!!!
I'd like to just point out that those who oppose Gorsuch on basis of being against American working man, I ask you how?
Kentucky needs to stop voting for Mitch, he is the destroyer of the republic. Ohio needs to stop voting for you, his minion.
I don't go for answers like a) because he is b) because they said. Businesses supply paying jobs and yes they should be fair.
I think Gorsuch will be a good supreme Court justice and it's what this country needs. And not only that but Trump said so.
Please stop with all these blatant lies. It wasn't bipartisan. You repubs changed the rules BECAUSE there wasn't bipartisan support.
I believe in honest days work for honest days pay. But to many frivolous lawsuits and $$ spent on lawyers drove many away.
Very nice spin for a despicable series of events starting when Merrick Garland was appointed. Your constituents have been watching.
1. SIMPLE majority, NOT traditional Senate rules!
2. Barely bipartisan. You had so little Dem support you changed rules!
You cheated. #GarlandNotGorsuch
the people of Ohio and Kentucky should be ashamed of themselves for voting for you and Mitch.
Thieves....all of you.
Wow, that really is stretching the truth.  Do you think we are really that stupid?  Get a clue.
The bipartisan majority voted for Hillary Clinton. I'm sure Merrick Garland was well qualified #RESIGN
Wasn't Bipartisan in any way. You are a Liar too. Just like your POS leader. You are not putting Ohio first.  You put yourself first always.
This is a terrible misuse of power. Portman has got to go!
You drove your partisan bus right over Garland. Your hypocrisy is astounding.
Ummmm were u there?  U didn't like the rules so u changed them.  That's NOT bipartisan
There's nothing bipartisan about needing to change the rules in order to get him approved.
I have decided that we need to stop blaming the politician and starting holding ourselves responsible for voting for you.
bipartisan?  Is that a joke or just a reflection of how stupid you think your constituents are.
If you have to change the rules to win, you're not a winner. If you have to change the rules to succeed you're not successful
Republican puppet!!
     
How doooooo you look in the mirror?
No moral or ethical compass. Shameful, Rob. Shameful.
Shame
Looking forward to the day this decision comes back to bite you.  Like so many of your recent party line votes. You are your own worst enemy
I just can't even follow you anymore.
He didn't win.  You changed the rules.
Bipartisan!?  Oh please.  #StolenSeat
This seat was stolen by the corrupt #GOP, -including you- and it will not be forgotten.
How big was his check to you, Rob?
Bipartisan? Seriously? Why then the nuclear option to fill a stolen seat? Your party is hyper partisan, and you are part of the problem.
You have failed your state and put your country at risk.  I guess POTUS Obama didn't deserve bipartisanship #hypocrites
when the Dems get the power back (and oh, they will) no one will forget this. Can't wait.
So disappointed. Use of nuclear option widened an already deep divide b/ween the parties. What happened to leadership? U won't have my vote.
You do a very poor job of representing your state.
No bipartisan   No foolin
Go away.
Do you know the definition of bipartisan? This is a stolen seat. GOP can't win on policy, only by crooked politics.
you mean a simple majority of the Senate due to rewritten rules
You mean the position you stole?   Shame...
Only a year late!
you allowed a man to be confirmed, picked by a man under investigation. Blocked Obama for nearly a yr. why couldn’t it wait?
We will unseat you soon. We are not proud of you. You have failed miserably. We won't forget.
An extremely narrow confirmation, with the second fewest number of votes to confirm in the last six decades. Only Thomas had less.
Enjoy while you can. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP. Your party of hypocrites and traitors is going to lose both houses for a generation.
@CbusIndivisible You didn't give Judge Garland a chance. Republicans stole this SCOTUS seat. This is your last term.
I'll never vote for you again. The GOP has no ethics.
#StolenSeat
There was nothing Bipartisan about this theft.
A stolen seat that Democrats will not forget. Your part of the problem
Screw the Democrats. *America* mustn't forget.
congratulations!
Congratulations. Now we all know how much a SCJ costs.17 million in dark money
Very disappointed.
Start looking for a new job.
So was Merrick Garland. Remember him? We do!
So "bi-partisan" you had to use the "nuclear option" to get him confirmed. You should be ashamed of this GOP gaming of the rules.
Not happy about your vote!  Merrick Garland deserved a hearing!
Don't lie to Americans and Ohioans. There was nothing bipartisan with the selection or vote. You and GOP prevented #MerrickGarland
It's not a bipartisan majority when the Rs went nuclear to ram through a PLAGIARIST justice to take a stolen seat w/only a few Dem votes.
Good sweet Jesus, our senator doesn't know the definition of "bipartisan." I blame DeVos.
Who still, we should note, owes our state several million dollars.
Gimme a break. We will remember this
Lololololol bipartisan? I just spit out my coffee
He sure doesn't LOOK like Garland. If it was so bipartisan why did your Party have to change the rules to get it done?
When you have to change the rules to get a 'bipartisan vote' it's not bipartisan, it's you moving the goal post to screw over the people you
Should be working with.
Congrats on cheating your way they THAT while POTUS was breaking Constitutional law with Syria. Great week for the GOP. You make me sick.
It was not bipartisan only 4 Democratic votes looking forward to voting you out of office I will be proud #45 is polls at 35%
not anywhere near bipartisan. A vote by just a couple of people is hardly a resounding majority. Voters will remember Chester
To the seat that Republicans stole. His legacy will always be tainted. You had to change the rules. To confirm him: "Gorsuch*"
Shut. Up.
Your party is disassembling the checks and balances that allow our government to work. I hope you haven't doomed the USA.
I envy your optimism.
good job senator, Gorsuch will be a good justice for the country. I'm proud to be a buckeye and American. ;)
...How?
let me turn this around. My question to all that oppose the good judge Gorsuch,  how not??
1: The #NuclearOption taints his legitimacy. He was strongly opposed, and only voted in by changing the rules. This is not fair play.
You stole that pick, your brain dead party tore the constitution to shreds because you couldn't stand seeing a black president succeed.
given the voting record and execution of nuclear option, it was anything but bipartisan.
It was really not bipartisan.  You voted party line.  You represent us.  #WhereIsPortman
Correction: he was *elected* to represent us. He's not doing his job.
Thank you!
I don't think you understand "bipartisan". You certainly don't understand that you work for the people. You disregard their will. Pathetic.
You'll find "bipartisan" in the dictionary but not in this Senate. Ohio has a very long memory.
I don't think you get to change the rules and then pat yourself on the back. He was rejected and you all had a hissy fit.
Bipartisan?  I'm concerned about your mental state.  There was no bipartisan.  Your mind is going.
Please just stop!!!  There was nothing bipartisan about this!  We will campaign to make sure you do not get re-elected!!!
Bipartisan? The vote was 54-45. Only 3 Dems sided with GOP majority. If it was truly bipartisan, the GOP wouldn't have changed the rules.
Exactly. I do not think #bipartisan means what you think it means.

#BULLSHIT! Bipartisan my ass! You changed the rules to push him through and it will never be forgotten.
Gives me one more reason to vote against you next time you run. You are a party man; not for the country and certainly not OH. #Trumprussia
Merrick Garland was also well qualified.  When was his hearing again?
You will not be receiving any future support from this (4 person) residence, Sen. Portman. What you have done today is despicable.
Garland was too! Why did he never get a hearing?
Bipartisan? May have to send you a dictionary,  senator.  I know you accept gifts.
#Tweetoftheday
What you've done to the US Senate to accomplish this is shameful.
I am not your constituent, but I enthusiastically agree.
If you're not his constituent then no one gives a shit
Ohio, do everything you can to #resist .@senrobportman it's not enough that we just #resist our president, we must also #resist our senator.
Enjoy your time in office while you have it. We'll boot your ass out next time around for this & voting to violate our internet privacy.
"Bipartisan" support would've gotten 60% approval.  You have destroyed a check in governmental power: far worse than adding a partisan judge
By bipartisan, do you mean complete partisan bs by changing the rules to win illegitimately? #StolenSeat
You changed the rules.  You blew it up to get your way.  Congratulations!
congratulations on the theft
Are you sure it's not the person he plagiarized that's well qualified?
You sold our elections to the highest bidder. Fighting for Trump's America = fighting for his business & against our rights.
bipartisan my ass. When does Merrick Garland get his vote?
