Then FIX IT. Prior to the ACA, my husband and I once had had to purchase a private plan for me and my daughter. Maternity NEVER INCLUDED.
But I am pregnant right now and I refuse to see other women basically punished for being fertile human beings. Protect maternity care.
Especially being pro life and all...prolife = life from womb to tomb
Will never understand a prolife philosophy that ignores prenatal health. A woman is preg but can't afford prenatal care. What does she do?
PARTS are not working. Some parts like no preexisting conditions, pregnancy coverage, Medicaid expansion, etc. are indeed working for Ohio.
Your done in Ohio pal!!!
Because GOP shamelessly made it their mission  to undermine the stability of the ACA to make its failure Obama's Waterloo.
that's because @realDonaldTrump and the #GOP are doing everything in their power to undermine it
ACA works far better than any of the Repub proposals to replace. Don't destroy what u can't improve on. But there's always single payer.
So repeal!
Why? Tell us what ruspublicans have done to undermine it. Cat got your tongue?
ACA is actually working wonderfully for my family & has been a literal lifesaver. Idk what Ohioans you are referring to. #ReplaceRepublicans
You know why ACA is not working ... FIX IT!  One job: pass legislation instead of sabotaging ACA.
sir, as a fellow Methodist I just...cannot understand your priorities here. Ohioans will suffer; doctors, hospitals, even insurers agree
His priorities are to his donors and not to his constituents. And he's hoping we will forget about his vote in six years.
his wife is on the board at Children's; he MUST understand the devastation this could cause. it's a blow to my faith in humanity/goodness
These r two kids at Cincy Childrens-- one is my son- survivor of brain cancer. Ive sent this photo to him, begging the Sen to vote no.
brave kiddo  families need to focus on treatment and recovery- NOT the looming threat of financial ruin. hope he's doing well!!!
He is in remission after 5 year battle, thanks to Cincy Childrens. He's going to college part time. I pray other kids get the same chance!
I voted for you to repeal obamacare. You lied to us.
No other employer would allow 1/2 the people to refuse to work with the other 1/2. Please be a leader and work together and improve ACA
ProLife?  Then work on improving ACA
Isn't our law creating procedure to have committee hearings? What happened to that?
some inspiration  http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-16-countries-with-the-worlds-best-healthcare-systems-2017-1/ …
So fix it. Don't take away all of its protections that we rely on. Work with Dems to write a real plan.
Please listen to the 60+% of Americans who understand the ACA is vitally important and shouldn't be repealed.
Please listen to the doctors, nurses, insurers, hospitals, patients, disability activists, your colleagues, and constituents.
I have seen you speak highly of @JohnKasich's work and ideas. Follow his lead: protect Medicaid, fix ACA, oppose BCRA.
Be a leader and do what is right for Ohioans and improve ACA.  ProLife extends beyond the womb
And instead of trying to fix it for the last 7 years you've played partisan games to weaken it. Only your base is going to be fooled.
Please hold fast and do not vote to repeal!  Compromise and work with Brown and Kasich to make ACA work.
FIX IT, SOMEONE NEEDS TO GET THE BALLS TO DO SOMETHING IN WASHINGTON AND MAKE SURE 32 MILLION PEOPLE DON'T LOSE INSURANCE.
Why are states that have state run marketplace doing fine with ACA plans and premiums? Bc the fed cant cause them to fail. Truth is Truth
Thanks for your vote in favor of "survival of the fittest"
ACA Fail = Human suffering. Plans are leaving as a result of uncertainty.  #Fixit
Medicare for all, dawg. Cc: @SenSherrodBrown
Then fix the problems. Health care for all. Too much convo that don't deal with basic humanity
Repeal ACA now or the voters will speak
Congress believes in this bill so little it exempts congress from it. Insurers say it won't work. Kasich opposes.What more do u need vote no
And your "repeal and replace" idea will solve the deductibles and premium prices?
Senator- quit trying to strangle the ACA down to the size where you can drag it to the bathtub and drown it.
& @repstevechabot
You represent us. It's irresponsible to just throw up your hands. If it's broken, fix it.
Then you need to please repeal, my wife and I are being sucked dry financially because of it. We voted for you to do so! Get it done
I voted for you in Nov. and have appreciated your moderate approach. But if you repeal the ACA, you've lost my vote forever.
Me too!
the plan you voted for will not work for Ohio either.. get real
Offer policy solution to improve what we have. America is sick of party allegiance, be OUR advocate and listen to how we feel OH needs ACA
Senator please listen to the people that cant afford to donate to political campaigns  - please dont get rid of ACA
Please work together and improve ACA rather than trash it We need you to be courageous and do the right thing
Utah and Kansas? Man! You Sir, could have been one of them last night. But no, party over people. Good thing Ohio seems to have good memory!
WRONG. Your gops damaged It We need #healthcare not #wealthcare. Reform ACA. Demand insurance companies and big pharma give us fair deals.
perhaps you should be investigating the for profit insurance companies and their destructive policies rather than screwing Amercians.
REPEAL Reagan era tax cuts and tax shelter legislation for top 20%
REPEAL corp offshore tax avoidence loopholes.
REPLACE polititions PAYOLLA
For 35 years the top 20% has recieved tax cut after tax cut, while suppressing wages, outsourcing jobs to other countries. 
REPEAL TAX CUTS!
Cmon @senrobportman !! Show your constituents you care about us! #FixACA We NEED you on our side!!
1- The Senate leadership & Trump now want to repeal the ACA in full.

What have Senators said about this? 
Maybe you should work to fix it instead of playing party politics!Please do what is right for your constituents sir and vote against repeal!
Vicodin is given to people with severe arthritis and fiber meralgia that cannot take other medications due to heart disease
Cymbalta is medication for nerve damage and fiber meralgia co-pay with Medicare is $65 a month no quality of life with out it.
Put a cap on the doctors in the hospitals medical test prescription drugs and premiums will go down
Without the Vicodin one a day in the morning I cannot function or continue to raise my grandchildren I do not use heroin I do not abuse it
Same old GOP talking points.... you truly dont understand health care and insurance. Your boy Trump is screwing the country.
Fraud.
Will never forget about your support for the atrocious BCRA
Portman hiding from Ohio voters. Lies aboutACA. 
Has had no public town in 2017. He is paid off!
So what is next on Koch agenda- I mean yours? Getting rid of social security is one of their top priorities. EPA trashed
You just don't know when to stop, do you?
And your new plan will work better? Give up your free health plan and join the rest of us.
I'm sorry- what has ALEC promised you in exchange for your betrayal of your constituents?
The markets isn't working cuz you repub twits destabilized the market. Stop blaming Dems for the repubs disaster
Caused by this uncertainty. Fix the ACA, do not repeal it!
I again urge you to work with our governor @JohnKasich to initiate a bipartisan effort to fix ACA to make it stronger and more effective
Sir it will get WORSE under BCRA CBO scored 469,600 Ohioans will lose coverage 396,300 of those kicked off Medicaid overall 22 mil vote NO
And these estimates DO NOT include CBO score of Cruz Amendment health care interests across many sectors are stating it will make bill worse
Vote no on Senate healthcare bill. Too many people will be negatively affected.
Only because Trump and GOP have undermined the ACA...Please vote no on disastrous #Trumpcare
So work with Dems to fix the problems. the GOP plan is a travesty and you know this, sir. Pls put country before party. Do the right thing.
The problems are fixable with the correct approach, and a full repeal is not the correct approach. Vote No.
Revised version of BCRA is worse for OH than ACA. Cuts to Medicaid, preexisting coverage, & essential health services R despicable. Vote No!
Fix it! Vote NO! Throwing people off insurance is not the answer. Making it worse is not the answer and you know it!
45's plans introduced uncertainty in the insurance mkt and companies like Anthem reacted by exiting. Reduced competition increased premiums.
Problems are fixable. Vote no!
GOP has been working to destabilize the insurance market to then say ACA not working.  Work to stabilize the markets!!!
It's not working because the public option was removed by the GOP  and because of legislation spearheaded by Rubio to remove subsidies.
U know I made a statement to many senators about healthcare not paying for radiation.believe this not one damn reply. They all want to talk
Then work to fix it. DO.NOT strap those people you are supposed to represent with that piece of junk  You're going to vote yes aren't yo
Have the Federal government pay their promised price supports to insurers to shore up private market and save ACA. Dont destroy it.
So your solution is to cut Medicaid and give tax breaks to the wealthy & medical companies. What a great solution for all Americans.
We currently have lowest number of uninsured people (& percentage of uninsured kids) because of the #ACA. Fix it! Don't kill the progress!
The ACA is working much better for Ohio than Trumpcare will. A vote for it is a vote against the people of Ohio.
Making plans cheaper by eliminating coverage benefits does NOT help consumers. Cheaper healthcare, or a non profit competitor will.
If rising premiums and lack of choices are your concern,you must be 100% opposed to the #BCRA.
Modify the ACA to make it work better. Don't reinvent the wheel. Keep what is good about it. The new GOP plan will hurt Ohioans. Vote No.
It's working for a lot of people. #trumpdoncare will hurt millions.
why not work to fix any flaws? When your car has a flat tire you don’t just throw it out!!!
it has helped me greatly it does work!!!! Subsidies and cost sharing have helped me afford insurance the first
In my life!!!!
Then work with moderate democrats and fix it. Don't vote for something worse. Registered voters are watching. Save Medicaid expansion.
They'll continue 2 skyrocket 4 Ohioans who have pre-existing conditions, who need it the most! Please Vote NO on the Senate healthcare bill!
vote no on Senate bill.  You think ahca was bad..
Current bill will likely eliminate the plans my office pays for the two (of five) employees who need insurance. That's not an improvement.
And it's your party's fault it's happening. Vote no on Trumpcare!!
As an Ohio physician, I ask please do not support this bill. This will harm primary care and hinder our fight against opiate addiction.
Getting ready to cave of course. It was all just a pathetic, choreographed dance.
Then fix it! We know your priorities lie with your career and your wallet, but don't forget that voters hold the real power. #DoYourJob
Then stop sabotaging it. You're welcome.
If trump & the gop weren't  creating uncertainty in the marketplace Ohio would have choices. Fix it. #SavetheACA
Vote no
so fix the ACA! You are willing to throw 700,000 off of Medicaid?
John Kasich is the only republican I trust to vote for. I'm sick of this. Reform healthcare. Impeach Trump--a threat to national security.
Repair ACA, don't replace.  Bi-Partisan only way to do justice for Americans.
.The GOP is abotaging the market, then using its instability as reason to blow up ACA . UR killing people & jobs
The ACA has saved the life of many friends with pre-existing conditions. #ConstituentFromMarietta
Partly the result of trump and repub policies to destroy ACA. Without obamacare costs may have gone up even more. #TRUMPCAREKILLS
SO FIX IT! Your constituents are counting on you to #ProtectOurCare. Current bill or repeal will only HURT MILLIONS.
The job killing, Medicaid cutting replacement plan will be much worse. Your constituents want you to vote no to the proposed bill
At this point YOU could kill Trumpcare with a single word. "NO".  You will earn my respect and my vote if you courageously step up.
Then fix it--but not by cutting Medicaid. Seniors fall into poverty paying nursing home fees. This GOP bill is heartless and immoral.
Shame Senator, you're telling the people your vote is about to be bought by party instead of being concerned about children, veterans, sick!
Matthew 23 please read it. #TheResistance
You lie. The ACA is fine.  Take our healthcare away, and I will do EVERYTHING legal within my power to fight your reelection.
It is time to show a backbone and be brave enough to vote no. Ohio will not forget what you do here.
Vote no.
Don't make things worse by voting for Trumpcare and cutting off disabled children from Medicaid.
It's working for this Ohioan
Vote NO on this @senrobportman, Ohio is paying close attention!
Vote no. Then do real work to help your constituents.
So work to IMPROVE it. The current proposal makes it worse!!
Then please work across the aisle to fix it!
So do your job and vote to #RepealAndReplace. No more waffling and BS excuses to appease liberals! #ACA #Ohio #ObamaCare
184% in Ohio-- thats how much coverage will go down under GOP. Please, on behalf of all the patients at Cincy Childrens, vote NO! #handsoff
There has been some kind of mistake. #BCRA takes from poor and gives to rich. #savetheACA
#fixitdontnixit we cant survive #Trumpcare #mcconnellcare
For most of us, If you vote FOR the AHCA, we will vote AGAINST you. If appealing to your humanity doesn't work, how about job security?
Where? I live in Madison county and my ACA premiums went down both of the last 2 years. This bill threatens my ability to keep farming.
So fix it. As long as insurance companies are involved, a mandate for coverage is needed, just as it is for cars. Or--RAISE OUR TAXES!
The #ACA sure beats the piece of tripe #SenateHealthCareBill y'all are currently working on. #UniversalHealthcare for the USA cover #AllOfUs
Single payer then.
Medicaid for all!We need AFFORDABLE coverage for Essential Health Benefits & pre-existing cond. coverage for ALL Americans
So, @senrobportman, you're setting up the big sell-out. You're about to show the nation how spineless you really are. It's coming, isn't it?
#wealthcare Party over country, always! The Republican Party shows that they are always pure scum
then please vote NO on the new senate bill.  It is going to hurt not help Ohioians!
This comment reflects that you are still being small minded and hiding.
If you help this go through,  Ohioans will not forget how you hurt us all.  YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT @senrobportman!!! You have been warned...
The GOP healthcare plan is worse than ACA!And that Cruz Amendment is horrible! This plan is NOT in the best interest of Ohioans!JUST SAY NO!
Have you checked with Governor Kasich.
The only thing that's not working for OHIO is you. !! Don't worry thou, we the people will vote you out. No more partisan decisions
As a citizen of the great state of Ohio, I ask you please, DO NOT vote for this GOP only healthcare bill. It is not in our interest to do so
How do I start tech business in Ohio if you let individual market collapse? For what, spite? We can't tap capacity without mobile workforce
Shame on you !  Republicans want Aca not to work. Shame on you !! This is your solution? Cutting off hard working people
So increase subsidies to keep insurers on exchange, keep people insured. Fix ACA, don't destroy it & leave people with nothing. @SaveOurCare
Oh come on. The current 'choice' issues in OH r direct result of ur president and ur GOL colleagues.

Pretty sure my deductible skyrocketed before ACA and only now are my sons expenses actually covered and not pre-existing
So you'll vote for trumpcare instead? You are a coward!
Many Democrats voted for you. Stop throwing their needs out the window for your political gain.
It worked for me when I had. I other option. Maybe you need to fight harder to improve it - not throw it away - for Ohioans.
It's not working because you've been trying to break it. Fix it instead.
Wrong!  The ACA has brought healthcare to many Ohioans.  Get your priorities straight.  Represent your constituents.
Does this mean you are trying to sit us up for why you might vote yes and go against your own state's people? #VoteBlue2018



Stop. Just stop. You are peddling lies and misinformation. Stop behaving like this.
FIX the ACA.  It's working. All GOP plans bad
Sure have as those subsidies disappeared.  Work with Senator Brown to solve the problem.
It's a shame your party continues to undermine it instead of working to fix it. Shame on you!
It's still better than the new plan you are voting on this week. If you want my vote next time, vote no.
Well you could try and fix it instead of replacing it? You could try getting Blue Dog democrats to work with you on how to fix it?
The 396,300 people in OH that will lose Medicaid because of your vote? You are giving them a curse, not a choice.
Sen. Portman, I voted for you in November, but if you vote for Trumpcare I will no longer support you. ACA needs fixing, but this isn't it.
Liar. You know this bill will kill and bankrupt your constituents. you've already negotiated a high paying job in return for a yes vote.
This bill is bad for Ohio. 1 in 4 Ohioans use Medicaid.  This bill hurts Ohio children, elderly, & disabled.  #KillTheBill
Time to repeal and replace like you said you would
the new plan is worse
This bill is not the answer.  Work with ACA to fix problems, all will be better off.
Republicans have done everything they could do torpedo ACA, then claim it's not working... wonder why?
Yes because you keep gutting it. We're not stupid.
No, rates were increasing at a higher rate prior to passage of ACA than after & more people are insured than ever before.  #VoteNo #SaveACA
Don't let @SenateMajLdr bribe you. Stand strong and LISTEN to the people of #Ohio
Please please don't do this. This will DEVASTATE. You have to kill this bill.
So fix it - don't kill it. #Medicaid #Ohio
But Senator TrumpCare is NOT the solution
Fix probs instead of reinventing the wheel. Why swap GOOD w/ BAD, instead make GOOD->GR8! We're only temporarily well & all very vulnerable.
Support our President. Repeal & replace Healthcare! Republicans get it together! No vacation. Or lose your seats! Exactly what Dems want.
You are a liar
For the record, the schools in Ohio aren't working either. You gonna repeal public education?
So, be honest, is it true that your party and the current administration is sabotaging ACA? Sad.
The ACA works!  Work across the aisle to address your concerns.  Do not support Wealthcare!!  #SavetheACA
The Senate's new bill will be worse. Fix the ACA or actually make something better, like you said you would.
The ACA can be fixed. This new bill is worse. Can you really use the ACA to justify all the hurt and pain this bill will cause?
