sure, like private business really cares. are you kidding?
A Healthy, Educated,Ecofriendly #Ohio will attract #Investment NOT  #TaxBreaks for Biz/WallStreet #VoteNoRAA #VoteNoHCRepeal
Stop trying to strip consumer PROTECTIONS & handing out corporate welfare, Senator Portman. We, the PEOPLE, are the ones who need to thrive!
Mistie we cannot thrive without jobs, business creates jobs not handouts
Trickle down doesn't work when execs keep $$ for selves. Turns in to greed and leads to today's ills. I lived thru this once.
Flat tax of 12% is less than most pay...and is saddling no one.
Cuts to education dies not help any business thrive
Do you maen give the rich more tax breaks and saddle the working class with more burden?
Stop trying to rationalize. Please vote for the welfare of your constituents.
And yet you won't repeal Obamacare - the single biggest entitlement in the history of America.
Enough of your Republicans talking points, you've got a traitor in the White House, U act like everything's fine,  move on to tax cuts, NO
Exactly!
Does your mouth hurt from talking out of both sides?  You sold out small business to special interests & lobbyists a long time ago
Yea, all those 1% ppl giving U all that  $$$. Trickle down doesn't work. Execs kept it all, wanted lots more, which led to decades of GREED
I lived thru trickle down. Didn't work. The execs kept all the $$ for selves. Birth of modern day greed. Reason for today's class divide

At the expensive of the health of the people and their environment. I don't think so Portman. Quit betraying us to your corporate donors
Who decides which regulations are burdensome?  Without regulations you'd have nuclear waste in your backyard.
They have not addressed this issue and will not as you well know. Useless talking points. Save our healthcare
What you are talking about stripping are PROTECTIONS.
You know what would actually help? Not saddling businesses with employee healthcare. Universal Healthcare
This would both help American Corps and protect American citizens.
Let's not let the private sector thrive by placing the tax burden on the most vulnerable workers, Rob. That's unethical and wrong.
Taxes should be paid by those who can afford it Rob. Taxes on minimum wage is outrageous when you give tax breaks to the Koch brothers.
Our house is crumbling down and you want to send the poor to buy new building blocks or do you just want it to crumble? Rob is bad for USA.
No point building new businesses on a crumbling infrastructure, Rob. And $7.25 an hour is not enough to afford supplies to fix it.
NO
Do you even research what the Reps tell you to say? History will remember what you do to Ohioans. We'll make sure it does.
At this point, every tweet is a blatant f%ck you to people worried about losing their healthcare.
You say burdensome regulations.
I say necessary PROTECTIONS.
Vote NO to tax cuts to your lobby bros. 
Vote YES to use tax to FUND ACA.
CARE?
But not at the expense of American families
Fraud.
I absolutely agree with you and that's why my husband and I voted for you!! #MAGA
Please give one example.    Just one.  Don't destroy workers' rights and the environment for false pretenses.
At the expense of the common people ? Who do you represent ?
Check out the stock market.  Business is thriving.  It's the middle class that is hurting.
Perfect example: Say if twitter said we all get 100 tweets after that we charge you $.01 per tweet. Twitter stock goes up! US citizens hosed
Repeal Net Neutrality:cable co's can charge for which sites we visit and harm small businesses. Big cable co's want this; GOP wants $ & 
Do you even live in Ohio? Doesn't seem like it!!!
So you are actually siding with Trump on something? That's great!
Regulations protect people and the environment. Business likes not paying for their impacts. We have government to balance that. #resist
Repeal and replace Ocare - it's killing jobs!!  You campaigned on it and we expect you to. just.DO. IT.
At what cost to the environment? Profits mean nothing if air, soil and water are fouled for future generations
Single payer health insurance
So you will force higher taxes on the public sector to pay for these tax cuts? Why do we need to pay for businesses??!?
And protect the workers!
Yes jobs are important but this week is about #trumpcare PLEASE KILL THIS BILL
Brownback's tax experiment in Kansas was a disaster. Don't force it on the rest of us. #BrownbackDisaster #TaxReform
In healthcare too!!!!  Fight for us!!!!!
You just now figured that out? What have you been doing the past 30 years?
Tax break them AFTER they create jobs.  Giving them cash to put in their pockets does not create jobs. Morals would have to do that. ???????
How much more? How much more does the middle class have to give before the corporations are satisfied? Regs are there to protect US.
And just who wrote those biz tax laws & regs? You, along with GOP "leaders" (big misnomer)! Term limits! Oust .@SpeakerRyan & .@SenMajLdr !
GOP Bot.
Welfare was cut for people, it's time to cut it for corps. VOTE NO. Get a backbone & do what's right for your voters instead of your donors.
Listen to the voters who you owe your job to. Vote NO ON THE HEALTHCARE BILL or we will remember and vote you out at the next election.
End civil asset forfeitures and the Drug War.  Legalize marijuana.  When everyone feels welcome participate the rest will work out.
Those regulations are to keep businesses from destroying people and the planet to pocket more cash. They will not invest
THE RAA WOULD IMPOSE NEARLY INSURMOUNTABLE BARRIERS BEFORE ANY NEW PUBLIC SAFEGUARD. Why aren't you working to help your constituents?
Why was ACA sign up scrapped in Cleveland?
Nauseating photo-op with VP Pence last night to push the nightmare GOP deathcare plan. SHAME ON YOU! You are an embarrassment to Ohio.
Burdens: breathable air, drinkable water, and reponsible corporate behavior? What the fuck is wrong with you?
That includes equal access to affordable insurance that doesn't discriminate against women
Vote no on the terrible healthcare bill. Stand up for the people!
the private sector IS thriving. GDP is climbing. it's workers that aren't. tax biz more to pay for services
#Reagan did this and the #middleclass has taken it in the shorts ever since #America thrived until @GOP drop #corporate #taxes
That depends on what it's at the expense of. Also, more jobs are created by some regulations as they have to be adjusted to.
Are you still a no on Trumpcare?
Without those burdensome regulations the water in toledo would be even worse to drink..youd have another Flint
You need a thriving middle class or no one has any money to spend on products and services no matter what the gov burden is.
know what helped drive people to become entrepenuaers, Rob?

knowing that the ACA let people leave jobs w/o fear of losing insurance.
@senrobportman You've been drinking GOP KoolAid way too long. We've sobered up, and see your dishonesty. Time to reduce income inequality.
Your trickle down policies (The "GOP golden shower") will only grind the economy to a halt. We need more Demand, not Supply. #IgnorantOrLiar
@senrobportman you are a corporate sycophantic that is once again trying to dupe gullible republicans into tipping the scales to capital.
....and we must allow people to keep their health insurance. Please vote no on any form of repeal of #TheACA Thank you so much!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Business thrives when there are clear consistent rules, not when there are no rules. We need someone who understands the economy: you do not
No on Senate health care bill. Exactly what regs are keeping business from thriving?
Drinking the koolaid. Regulations are ther for a reason.
Instead of tweeting abt this crap, how abt you reassure your constituents that you won't take away our healthcare?!
#DontRobOurCare
#NoBCRA
#FullRepealNow Senator. We're counting on you. $20T in debt is enough. States can pay 4 health insurance programs if they want them.
Regs keep our food and water safe to consume, protect workers from unsafe working conditions, and help reduce pollution to keep air clean.
Yes, let's burden Ohioans with air they can't breathe and water they can't drink instead..and another GOP generated recession. #RESIST
Repeal ACA Rob then permanent tax cuts for, business and personal

No Republican or Democrat knows what will be in the "health care" bill they'll vote on Tuesday. How crazy, insulting & undemocratic is that? https://twitter.com/chicagotribune/status/888557069615472640 …
Man, this is a weak pivot from your non-decision on Trumpcare.
DC DOESN'T NEED TO REPLACE. JUST REPEAL!  States & free market can do the Replacing! No need for govmnt in health care. States do it better.
Uhh a straight repeal would take away a crazy amount of aid given to states from the fed govt for Medicare and Medicaid.
#singlepayer will allow hosp and healthcare to be owned privately. If #gop cant figure it out, we may have to go govt-owned #universalcare

.@senrobportman - #SpeakUpForUs & #ProtectOurCare. #RepealObamacare is not up for debate. Vote NO. CALL: 844-432-0883 
@IndivisibleOH8 Once again you need to be specific. What taxes, and what regulations? How many jobs were lost due to these taxes & regs?
ACA could thrive w/ assistance but GOP wants to kill instead of fix. Trump admin sabotages by misusing $ meant to help it. #MoreGOPHypocrisy
That includes repealing all of Obamacare!  Do what you promised.
Think you've been conned, buddy.
Then get everyone in government to quit their jobs.
