You voted right after McCain's no. The bill was sunk. It would have been so easy to make us proud of you by joining him. But you didn't.
You can spend the rest of your days regretting not being our hero, not standing for us, but instead selling out. Tough times demand
He was never going to be our "hero." He was one of the 13 Senators working on this travesty behind closed doors. Kick his ass out of office
We have years before that can happen.
True. But we can work towards it rather than trying to convince a person who's shrugged off his soul to develop a new one.
I disagree. He's in office for way to long for us to simply throw in the towel on him. We need to keep calling him, keep the pressure on.
You do what's right for you. But as for me, I'm going to keep reminding him to do his job until he's voted out. Five years from November.
Oh I'll keep calling him, but I'm certainly not going to dub him a hero if he shows basic human kindness.
You do realize that your healthcare bill will take coverage away from people with autism?
Thanks for at least voting for the "sknny" repeal and replace of ACA wish you would have voted to completely repeal.
You voted for the skinny bill. We will remember.
Autism is a preexisting condition. One good day for this young person. When will you next vote to throw them off health insurance?
More like FREE US from the BURDEN of this NIGHTMARE MANDATE. Obamacare is Dems design & was DESIGNED to FAIL. We are not stupid.
1/
May I suggest using all that superior intellect to check out following reading materials.... #FACTS
CBO is never right and they don't weigh MANY factors. Political bullshit.
You seem like the kind of gal that's conducted a lot of high level CBO analysis, guess I'll have to take your word for it.... 
CBO was wildly off projecting #s of uninsured under Obamacare, & they won't explain how reach their #s, no reason to believe any of it
More #magasplaining.... 

http://www.factcheck.org/2017/03/cbos-obamacare-predictions-how-accurate/ …
http://Factcheck.org  is as biased a source as freedomworks, so don't even try to use that as an excuse
Oh sir, I think you made a big mistake last night with your vote. Ohioans will remember.
Thank Goodness there are heroes who voted to save his healthcare while you voted to kill him.
You betrayed the people of Ohio, Portman.
And we will not forget.
Support H.R. 676 'Medicare for All Act'; Single-Payer covers everyone, costs less, & has better quality care. Make Ohio & America great.
No thanks. Don't vote for that crap.
Please vote against cuts to educ autistic and social needs students need help Trump cuts will hurt these kids you seem to care about?
I'm disappointed you didn't side with middle class families.
NONE of these people would EVER VOTE FOR YOU - they are DEMOCRATS! You have literally abandoned your BASE. #EndtheMandate #RepealObamacare
just admit, McCain threw himself on the grenade because somehow you think all these fools tweeting back at you would EVER vote for you. smh
time to repeal and replace @senrobportman you promised to repeal obamacare and then stabbed us all in the back!
You could have been a hero Rob, but instead you're a zero.
Why did you sell out the people of Ohio to insurance companies?  Beyond disgusted with your vote.
Too bad you don't go above and beyond for your constituents
You should be ashamed of yourself. You consistently vote party over the concerns of your own constituents. #ResignPortman
You let a dying war hero take one for the team and then voted the other way to keep from being bullied by The Don. You are a coward.
Stop it. Your words are meaningless. If you want us to listen to what you're saying then you'll need to address us at a #REALTownHallNOW.
Let's c u save healthcare w/o taking away healthcare to do so. Can u work across the aisle when the issue might create backlash for you?
Meanwhile, you consistently don't go above and beyond for the people of your state. You should be ashamed for your vote last night.
You are 4ever trying to satisfy your donors without totally selling your soul. Playing moderate until voting conservative fools no one.
Autism.  Would that be a pre existing condition under the health plan you voted for rob?
Don't deflect. We saw you. We heard your "aye". We will not forget. You'll be remembered at the polls. #NoinNovember #CountryOverParty
You were probably hoping the house would ram it thru so you could act like you voted for more debate but take credit 4 repeal & replace
You are so unprincipled as to vote for a terrible bill to be enacted, saying you wanted it to go to conference and not actually be enacted.
How about his heath care now that you & all but 3 patriots have given up & we have to deal w/rising copays/premiums cuz u can't compromise?
We are thankful for National Guard. We are not thankful to you who voted on a bill that would hurt millions. This is your last term
You are a party syncophant.
Portman let Ohio & the Nation down last night.Thank God three lonely R patriots protected us!
You voted against the wishes of your constituents your governor and every credible expert who do you represent
Stick to feel good stories like this Rob. You proved yesterday that actual legislation and important government work are not your thing.
I will spend my time more wisely by volunteering on ur next election for your opponent. ANYONE will be better than u.I encourage all 2 do 2
Stop w/the distractions. You voted to take insurance from millions last night. You voted to stop helping opiate epidemic. You are a coward
You maybe should not speak about the National Guard right now might be a good idea to shut up. Lie down with dogs, come up with fleas.
You've sealed your fate by failing to listen to your constituents. I will not waste any more time asking you to do the right thing.
Maybe you should join the ONG....they could teach you a thing or two about going above and beyond for the community they serve.
You voted to take healthcare away from millions of Americans, and to raise our premiums by 20% last night. You are bad for Ohio.
Keep posting and trying to distract from the reality that your nothing more than a greed-driven fool. Don't worry, we won't let you forget!
I imagine that the U.S. Coast Card knows that whale shit sinks to great depths. Your integrity and credibility far exceed those depths!
Thank you to Senators Murkowski,Collins and McCain for standing up for the citizens of Ohio unlike our kiss ass Senator Portman.
That IS GREAT BUT U VOTED YESTERDAY TO TAKE Away HEALTHCARE and cut Medicad
Thank god he's not transgender. Otherwise he'd have to f-off.
@OHNationalGuard does great things in many Ohio communities. Wish you @senrobportman had done a great thing last night and voted NO
Autism is a pre existing condition, #aca would help this young man get services including mental health, why do you want to take it away?!
He only cares about people taking opioids.....
Hmm skinny repeal would take away a lot of mental health services in Ohio. Thanks Sen Portman.
Wish you went above and beyond for the community you serve, but you lack the strength of character. Learn from McCain, Collins, Murkowski.
Imagine going above and beyond for the community You serve
I can't even with you.
We won't forget u tried to gut our healthcare . Vote Portman out!
Hooah!
Great for that teen. Don't think that you can change the narrative. Have a townhall you coward. #repealandreplacerob
You should of voted No last night. McCain saved the GOP from themselves last night. More should of  showed  character and voted no.
Speaking about going above and beyond... how about those three courageous GOP senators last night!? Wish you were one of them. #coward
You voted for a bill that would hurt millions of http://Americans.You  refuse to listen to the people of Ohio.Your true colors are exposed
Good job, Rob. That's the only way "going above and beyond for the community they serve" and your name will ever share a headline.
So why do you want to take away his healthcare?

#NoinNovember
Love this! Senator, why no statement on your YES vote last night, attempting to strip Ohioans of healthcare and raise premiums?
Thanks for showing us a story about brave people. Was getting used to reading about cowards like yourself.
Great story. 
We see you virtual signaling right off the bat today. 
Good morning, Senator. How was your night?
A late night for sure 
Portman enjoy your last dayz in office stooge.  We will remember this week and your votes.
Would love for you to be part of a great story regarding our healthcare.
Another great story.... Your repeal attempt failed
You forgetting something, Senator? We won't forget. #RepealAndReplaceRob.
#NoinNovember
