Yeah, but my coverage includes birth control, you cool with that? Your vote says you're not, so....
How?
how can you make that claim? What are you going to do about the 200K + Ohioans receiving substance abuse coverage under ACA?
Pls provide us a link to this better, less costly coverage so we can see for ourselves. We don't trust the GOP without data
U lied! I'm 21 yrs survivor of ovarian cancer. I've called your D.C. office 3 times to not Repeal ACA. #MakeAmericaSickAgain
we need to keep what is covered in that coverage, including women's health. #SaveACA
you, the party, and the president-elect have yet to even broadly outline how to do this. We should trust you with our lives?
HOW CAN YOU INSURE YHIS???
You gonna pay the difference after you and your party raise the rates, then? Most Americans support the #ACA.
I hope there is a literal physical plan bc ppl have literal physical health issues
then why take away kids on parents insurance until 26 and pre existing conditions. So angry and what is happening
U can't guarantee any of that if @SpeakerRyan & minions go another way.
you are lying
How will that work when ACA is dismantled along with all the taxes enacted to fund coverage for low income people?
we want to believe. We cannot believe until we see a hint of a plan
I don't believe you.  You've voted agst Ohioans & health care protections for 6 yrs.  #SaveACA
how??? You have the responsibility to tell us the replacement prior to repeal.  What is the plan? Preexisting conditions?
show us how you will do this.
Show us the plan before you eliminate coverage for the millions of Ohioans you claim to represent #MakeAmericaSickAgain
The truth, Bob:

1) Billionaires hate taxes
2) ACA = taxes for them
3) ACA = DEAD! (Deficit explodes)
4) People = Dead.

Sad
and they will go crazy with planned parenting aborting...but ACA killing the already born n PP no pay abortion
Holding you to your word: coverages won't lapse AND replacement will be BETTER (for all NOT some). #ACARepeal #unfollowTrump
How will my plan be "less costly" if #GOP takes us back to when women were charged more #MyUterusIsNotAPreExistingCondition
Will I even get health insurance under mythical #GOP "plan"? #PreExisting #T1D
.@senrobportman The Plan better be made public and our voices heard before it is voted on. Needs to included EASY access for women!
You voted against funding SCHIP--against kids. Why should we trust you? Put your kids on the new plan you come up with?
https://twitter.com/mattdpearce/status/819959760317345792 … Go read that.
2.8 million people with substance-abuse disorders would lose some or all of their insurance if Obamacare is repealed http://www.wsj.com/articles/advocates-lobby-to-protect-obamacare-coverage-for-substance-abuse-treatment-1484316000 …
Empty promise until you give us a plan. Repubs seem intent on #makingamericasickagain. Why break what could simply be fixed?
your actions to repeal the ACA is unacceptable. I live in Findlay Ohio. Shame on you.
Show us the plan before you eliminate coverage for the millions of Ohioans you claim to represent #MakeAmericaSickAgain
how about we have a plan ready to go before a repeal vote.
HOW will you ensure a smooth transition when you have no replacement plan!!!
Please explain how. Otherwise, you're building an airplane on the way down from the cliff you've just shoved everyone off of.
yeah? how?
I hope that isnt political BS. Actions speak louder than words & so far i'm nervous. Dont hurt millions for political points.
Will you commit to voting against any bill that excludes coverage for women's health care including contraception
Exactly, specifically, what will you propose BEFORE the ACA is taken away by your party?
I am a constituent and I don't believe you. You gave up working for us a long time ago. GREED IS DESTROYING OUR GREAT NATION
YOU LIE
Then please vote against repeal without concrete plans to replace with something better!
how?  What is this secret plan?

"Less costly" for who? The richest 400 people in America for whom repealing ACA is a multi-billion $ tax cut? Rest of us: 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!
Thank you for helping to ensure that people will not lose medical coverage. We need affordable medical care!
As a constituent in Ohio, WE need a plan in place BEFORE you repeal #ACA. #preexistingconditions DEPEND on YOU! #SaveACA
protect women's free access to birth control and maternity care! And ban pre-existing conditions clauses!
.@senrobportman that's sounds to me like you agree we just needed improvements. We see thru your politics of repeal. Why are u so divisive?
And that solution is...???
Why are you taking away health insurance? You are creating chaos in the lives of working people.
How are you going to do that?!  You can't even manage your Cincinnati office! http://cin.ci/2inTgMU  via @enquirer
Prove this to us. Vote to help the people you represent. Vote in their best interests even if its the opposite of your declared party.
if you fail, will you pay my pharmacy bills? They're approximately $2000 per month.
Just save it,  Rib Portham #actionspeakslouder #noonebelievesyou #doyourjob
SHOW US A PLAN! We ask nothing more
It's precisely because you don't have the power to ensure that that your repeal vote comes with no good explanation.
preexisting conditions? Birth control? You are cruel to gut ACA!
I'm saving this tweet and will be holding you to it. I don't trust it; please prove me wrong.
so we're getting single payer then?
Why repeal before you have even a glimmer of new plan? Just to destroy Obama legacy?
, how will you lower costs?   Claims determine costs, correct? Sprinkle pixie-dust so people are healthier(?) #suspicious
Details? How can you promise that? I'm sure Pres. Obama would love to hear how this is possible.
please ensure that pre-existing conditions will not be turned down. Many people depend on fair access to healthcare.
Where's the plan?  I want a side-by-side comparison of what stays same, what goes away and what's added?
Details please! This sounds like a campaign statement. Not governance.
then set up replacement before discussing repeal.
you literally voted 16hrs ago against protections for Medicare, Medicaid and coverage for Ohioans w/ pre-existing conditions.
Kakistocrat and phony theocrat Rob Portman will ensure wealthy Ohioans are always on top of everyone else.
Be transparent, show public new plan. Lives are at stake!
I wish I could believe you, but at this point I can't.
you cannot ensure that unless you have some backbone and vote not to repeal. Don't make false promises.
I look forward to finding out how you'll do that once you've milked it for another couple of congressional election cycles.
Why, then, did you vote to reinstate the barbaric practice of denying sick people care?
#PreExistingConditions
how?  And for how long?  And less costly for whom? Reform don't repeal if this is how you feel
what's the plan Senator??
uh huh..... I'm hearing crickets.
why exactly are rep pushing for repeal as opposed to simply fixing the problems with ACA?
How? By tweeting? By repealing laws at 1AM pizza parties? What is your plan, Senator?
How? Where are the details? The people need answers.
High Risk Pools do not work and are so expensive as to be unaffordable for the people who will need them, like me.
will you ensure that people with pre-existing conditions will be able to get covered under a new healthcare law?
with no huge cost increases from current plans, no lengthy waits, no degrading 'consultations' to prove need?!
Right on.
