This is truly disgusting. You're not fooling anyone at this point. Why do you even have a twitter account? Everyone following you hates you.
Then get the trumps to make their product line in the U.S.
We The People will talk tax reform as soon as @POTUS @realDonaldTrump releases HIS taxes. #ShowUsYourTaxes #FollowTheMoney
Yeah, I can only see the super rich excited and drooling all over...
8 of 52 GOP Senators R  Pushing Amnesty or Outsourcing Bills. STOP THIS NOW! Why aren't you people listening to us, we're citizens not them
Portman, you chump.
Its exciting to hurt working class Ohioans So your 1 percent donors send you a a 6 figure check
He would hurt his own son for politics.
Rob Portman, who has a gay son, won't criticize Roy Moore, who wants to make being gay a crime, because taxes http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/27/roy-moore-senate-republicans-no-comment-243220 … 
Not surprising. At all. He's a dishrag.
Under the Republican plan, a family of four would gain $11,300 in standard deduction, and simultaneously lose $16,200 in personal exemptions
Unfortunately I doubt Trump supporters can do the math
You are literal scum. How dare you continue to pretend like this is good for everyone when it's really only helping your rich friends.

Trickle down doesnt work, a proven fact!
You love any opportunity to steal from the poor to give to the rich.
Of course he does, he has to be loyal to his masters
Stop funding Appalachian Research Commission #Human Rights Violations Soar #Detentions explodes  #Violence against Women
Just like he promised to vote repeal on healthcare until John Kasich got in his ear.
Americans are dying in Puerto Rico and the US is projecting weakness to the world. Your watch. Your legacy.
Are you speaking to the trump base? Because the rest of us are woke and waiting for you to hold a town hall meeting not just for invitees.
You will be a has been & will NEVER b re-elected if you don't switch to a majority vote instead of 60, yesterday! #forwethepeeps #trumptrain

Trump's tax plan is an absolute disaster. Here's why: 
Tax cuts for the rich do virtually nothing to create jobs. We need to stop the wealth consolidation that began with failed Reaganomics.
Didn't Trump give tax breaks to the carrier plant in Indiana and they're still moving all the jobs to Mexico.
...because said breaks don't offset other expectations: benefits, working conditions, hours and treatment of workers. Slavery ended here.
Yeah I've been average Mexican works for $0.30 an hour versus the average American that demands about $15 an hour. Carrier's going to Mexico
Tax reform is an exciting opportunity for you to cut taxes on the wealthy and raise the deficit. How does cutting AMT tax create jobs?
GOP tax plan does not stop exit of jobs. It does not create any jobs. It is a TAX INCREASE on millions. #FactFreeGOP #GOPLies
Your "trickle down" economy has been shown to be invalid. Stop beating a dead horse and back to Tax structure of Eisenhower  wealthy tax 90%
You've done nothing for jobs in OH. You plan on raising taxes on the middle class to fund cutting taxes for 400 families. DO YOUR JOB
Wow! Who’s a bigger Liar? You @senrobportman or @realDonaldTrump hmmm that’s a hard one!!!
We're tired of hearing platitudes like this just like MAGA and America First. Talk is cheap!

We're NOT helpless. Here are some measures most Americans support that could help stop future mass shootings. Pass it on. (h/t @sangerkatz) 
Then start making billionaires pay their fair share and quit dodging tax system with off shore accounts and slave labor. Fight for poor!
#NoTaxReform we don’t want the rich to get tax breaks! And corporations don’t pay their fair share now! Lowering their taxes will kill us.
Try peppering your tweets with at least a shred of truth...
.@senrobportman @SenateMajLdr Buddy. Come on. You're just embarrassing yourselves now. #TrumpTaxScam #BillionaireBonus
You should have this conversation with Trump. His family businesses need to come to the US.
Estate tax impacts just 80 farmers nationwide & 0 middle/lower class. Middle class may have tax increases. Wealthy & Trump family benefits.
Exciting? #TrickleDownIsAMyth
What about the Estate Tax! The super rich just hoard more money!
@SenateMajLdr the Senate has demonstrated it can't pas the bill yet the House w/@SpeakerRyan passed many biils. Get to work @SenateMajLdr.
Spoken like a true Republican sycophant.
Let's just hope it's not only a grandstanding rhetoric. We DO WANT the tax cuts, please, this time DELIVER.
Two completely different things.
@SenateMajLdr TAX BREAK FOR THE RICH.   NO REFORM HERE...
You talk the talk - still waiting for the senate to walk the walk Senator.
It's upsetting to see u support the unsupportable. Exactly how much money is enough for the wealthy? Exactly how many families must suffer?
yes taxreform a nice way of saying less taxes for the rich and to hell with the middle class going to less taxbrackets does not reduce taxes
What a waste - you never fail to let us down.
Vote no on Beczkowski
Pure bullshit Senator Portman.  Tax breaks for Donald Trump is all the damn #TaxReform is.  Screw that.
Then you must invest in education!


Rob, my man. A few details would be nice. And you know when corporations get breaks, there is no assurance of jobs. Get real.
I can’t wait to Vote to replace you...
Before considering a tax cut for the rich, have you figured out how to make #TaxReform revenue neutral so it won’t add to the deficit?
The crumbs from the Trump Table is what the tax relief looks like.  We need to see POTUS taxes then we will know who it's for
We can't do that by helping the Kochs and their business holdings or by raising the lowest bracket. 
We aren't #kochpuppets like you!!!
Then tell Wall Street to stop ripping off the American public.
So estate tax cut would help Trump but
He has everything made overseas...so how many jobs would his kids creste from his estate
We have the lowest #unemployment rate in years. This is not about jobs, it's about putting money in the pockets of your donors. #TaxReform #jobs #buzzword #misguided #integrity
Exciting for who?
Is that a Trump tie you’re wearing?
An exciting opportunity with Roy Moore, he's going to be for tax reform? Have you no sense of decency?
No such thing as trickle down. Make sure middle class has money to spend and we’ll have jobs.
Not confident this sorry Senate can get anything done. Poor leadership - Ditch Mitch before it is too late.
Are US taxes the main reason why US companies are sending jobs overseas? I would have guessed it was cheap labor.
https://twitter.com/funder/status/913523721968783361 … @GOP #DonTheCon
NEW: Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $1 million from billionaire who made a large portion of his money under Putin in Russia-in March, 2017 

It's Thursday. That means we all need to ask again: Why does Jared Kushner still have a security clearance? https://twitter.com/TBreassealeDHS/status/913516704650608640 …
Ohioans need real plans: not platitudes & rhetoric. Pls stop tweeting w/out links to detailed policy proposals.
Republicans idea of tax reform is giving huge tax breaks to Billionaires.  The bill will benefit the extreme wealthy.
LIARS "Trump’s tax plan is a pointless gift to the wealthy" http://slate.me/2xF4Ito  will cost US trillions +save MILLIONS for billionaires
Lower the prices too lot of products an lower the tax on those products !
Not #TaxReform.   It's #TaxCutsForTheRich.   #NotOnePenny
Sir tell that to you BOSS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump their junk is made overseas and way over priced
GOP lies. Lets try trickle up. Not, take away worker's protections and take away healthcare, and keep wages low...
I’m sure you will support cutting taxes for the rich and raising them for everyone else #TaxcutsForTheRich #racist
We've been hearing that since Reagan, how did that work out for the middle class Rob? Btw, did you get your IPhone 8 yet?
Right?! Sure wish POTUS wasn't a Russian hire

PORTMAN HAS GOT TO GO.  PUERTO RICO, Racism, Cutting Healthcare, Russia, TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES" just too much to deal with.
Don't let small business down on this @senrobportman
Didn't you run on how Strickland hated Ohioans but you want to kill us and take all our income wth
You mean jobs sent overseas to sweatshops to make products like these?
You think Roy Moore will help with this issue, but don't know anything else? Learn about your party.
What a HYPOCRITE. While I living in Cinn, me and so many others told u not to vote 4 NAFTA. You wrote us "it's good 4 Cinn". RIGHT. RINO.
We're not sending any jobs away. US cos. seek out places where they can pay ppl penneys an hour, in ghastly working conds...
If you want to create jobs then close loopholes rather than create more which is what this turkey bill does.
DETAILS! Otherwise it's just hot air.
Tell that to 45 and his daughter
#TrickleDowntrumpenomics is a pharse. A giant tax cut to super wealthy and businesses - a big to middle class. #goplies #Gaslightingamerica
LOUST TAX BILL..DESIGNED FOR THE WEALTHY!  YOU EITHER HAVEN'T READ THE PLSN, OR YOU'RE LYING!
So disappointed to read this.  Party over people... sad.
Start with the idiot in the White house
You mean its an exciting opportunity for the GOP to make the rich a little richer and everyone else gets a meager pittance.
What's the unemployment rate?
How does a tax cut for businesses and the wealthy help the poor or middle class? Don't piss down our backs & tell us it's raining. #CuiBono
Here's a profile in courage from Portman on theocrat & racist Roy Moore: "He’s going to be for tax reform, I think”
JUST LIKE the Bush tax cuts did?
Giving taxes to your wealthy donor only guarantees rhe rich richer poor poorer and the middle-class shrinking from becoming poor thks to u
Trickle down to rich peoples pockets is how we got here in the first place.
Portman, your only comment on R Moore is he'll support tax cuts? The guy who thinks your son n I belong in jail?
For shame

And when has giving the rich more money done that?
A tax program can't protect jobs #NoGOPTaxPlan
It's a tax break for the rich at the expense of the hard working middle and working class. Saying otherwise is just lying.
How does ending a tax that is only levied on the portion of an estate’s value that exceeds $5.49 million per person create jobs in America?
The rich don't need a tax cut. Not convinced that this giveaway will increase job growth.
Great, just don't screw it up like you did with the 2015 ObamaCare repeal bill! #TaxReform #tcot
When Co’s bring foreign profits back to US & buy back stock & give bigger bonuses & don’t add jobs because demand hasn’t incr-what then??
We have jobs. What we need is better wages. That means supporting higher min wage and unions, not giving tax incentives to foreign companies
yes you give them breaks and put the burden on the people where is that fair retard
Satisfied Koch Bros. is your main concern.
That won't happen just because you give companies bigger tax cuts.  Incentives perhaps, but cuts will just give them bigger profits .
Totally exciting opportunity indeed....for the middle class to once again pay for the corp tax cuts in the hopes they might hire. #taxreform
True. What's also true is you voted to strip healthcare from millions. Nobody trusts you with this either.
You know what you could do that would earn the American public's trust? Hold Trump accountable for the mismanagement of hurricane relief.
Hold Trump accountable for his cabinet members spending tax dollars on private jets all over the country.
Hold Trump accountable for dividing America every chance he gets, for provoking world leaders, leading us to the brink of war with NK
Hold Trump accountable for weakening the Presidency, the country, and failing to do his duty on a daily basis.
Hold Trump accountable for spending more time at Trump properties than doing his job.
Hold Trump accountable for Russian interference in our election.
HOLD. TRUMP. ACCOUNTABLE. #DoYourJob
I'm sure it's a very exciting opportunity if you're in the top 1%.
#1 Companies move abroad for MARKET ACCESS not taxes
#2 Effective tax rate is similar to others, after all our loopholes
A bunch of crock!
You're not a good person
Rob rob rob... History has a name for guys like u.. #robberbaron
It will create ZERO jobs. It’s bullshit trickle down economics. Liar.
There is no way the changes proposed will create jobs.  Will only benefit the wealthiest.
Yeah Rob- a place an even heavier lining in your millionaire pockets. Don’t forget the worlds most incompetent ed sec Betsy. She needs $ too
How about offering training programs to strengthen us so jobs aren't lost by lack of skill set.
I would be happy if we had a free adult education for coding and tech jobs. There is absolutely no reason Appalachia should be only coal
Technology and lack of Education to use it is killing this countrys work force. Use Coal as an example, train people to use robots to mine
I didn't think about the impact of the robotics. I have written Portman's office about investing in our adult workforce with adult education
I was just using that as an example. I'm pro gas and diehard fossil fuels and I can tell you coal has been dead for years due to Nat Gas
I never understand the push for coal when it's not economical

Here ya go Rob
You just want to #RobthePoor with your #TrumpTaxScam.
no republican tax reform has ever helped grow the economy. You give the richest (cont) http://tl.gd/no5a6k 
Are you supporting Roy Moore?
Donnie may be distracting the rubes with his NFL tweets, but the rest of us are paying attention, Robert.

Nobody fucking cares what you do.  Just go away.
Tax breaks never create jobs, More money to middle and lower income does. More demand more jobs. Plus a living wage stimulates too
Its impressive that you can stand so straigtht for a man with no spine.....
.@senrobportman You do know that Roy Moore is a racists screwball, right? Who cares if he votes for tax reform if he offends half of US.
Not by giving more tax breaks to wealthy and big corps.  Has never worked done the opposite. Repubs wage class war again.
Please quit giving credence to the lie that lower corporate tax leads to economic prosperity for all. History does not support this
Puerto Rico should be the number one focus.
The corporations that work overseas already have bucketloads of cash. Giving them more won't make the jobs come back. Think about it, Rob
What about all the cash corporations have sitting offshore now? What happens with this high tax dodge.  Biggest corporate welfare ever,
Haven't we tried this before and it didn't work because the rich can't be counted on to do the right thing??
Removing estate & alternative minimum taxes are gifts 2 the uber wealthy. 5trillion deficit/cuts from your tx breaks,  a burden on our kids.
There won't be enough people to work the jobs since we've closed our borders
You had an "exciting opportunity" to create jobs and healthy employees regarding health care, but you didn't.  Trickle down doesn't work.
This isn't tax reform it's a kick back to  large republican donors
Rob Portman's son is gay, yet he backs a candidate who wants being gay to become a criminal offense.
Rob Portman, who has a gay son, won't criticize Roy Moore, who wants to make being gay a crime, because taxes http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/27/roy-moore-senate-republicans-no-comment-243220 … 

All we can see so far is how it benefits the rich without a way to pay for it. You're supposed to be fiscally responsible. No on #TaxReform

Rob Portman, who has a gay son, won't criticize Roy Moore, who wants to make being gay a crime, because taxes http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/27/roy-moore-senate-republicans-no-comment-243220 … 
I'd feel better about tax reform if I heard you speaking about ameliorating income inequality.  That would be exciting to me.
Careful with the big words. Not sure the folks in charge have the vocabs to handle them.
Let's tax the Koch Brothers, not the consumer. Maybe they could support the US government instead of campaigns to cut their taxes.
I'm trying to start calling this the #KochTaxCut
The only way to do that is to insist that corporations pay US wages everywhere. Jobs won't come back as long as cheap labor is available.
Your priorities are wrong. What have you done to reduce the debt you have accumulated? To end constant war? Leaving office even more wealthy
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
Why did it take you so long to say to US Corp to stop shipping US-jobs overseas?
reform or cuts?
In GOP speak "reform" means "cuts"
only exciting if you don't deficit spend your way to it. Only exciting if you don't steal from the poor to give to the rich.
Tax cuts for the Rich is not "Tax Reform"
You pass NO tax package PERIOD till trump #ShowMeTheTaxes!
No bill till we see how he benefits!
Are you going to parade around with the experts or are you going to testify against the experts?   Do you have a tax policy expert on staff?
Tax breaks for the billionare president isnt good enough for ohio citizens
Can you let us know how tax reform will lower your own taxes?  Thanks!!

Rob Portman, who has a gay son, won't criticize Roy Moore, who wants to make being gay a crime, because taxes http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/27/roy-moore-senate-republicans-no-comment-243220 … 
