Traitor
ACA is NOT failing. Trump is choking it by threatening to cut funding. Trump is scaring the insurance industry into raising premiums.
Then fix what is there! Don't repeal it. You are being a coward. I love my #Obamacare insurance and so glad to wake up with insurance.
Thanks to Rob Portman he was a no vote for repeal & replace of Obamacare
Muskingum County has 4. Maybe you should ask what they are doing right.
Republican sabotage certainly isn't helping.

Senator Portman’s 2016 campaign stance on Obamacare wasn’t subtle, nuanced, or conditional. http://bit.ly/2uabzei  
Who are you trying to convince? Sounds like you don't really believe in it. Gotta save that career.
Because you and the rest of the @GOP Death Squad are sabotaging the ACA.
The insurance companies demand that their Republican lackeys stop #Medicaid even if it means just repealing.
That is why #Medicare4All  #SinglePayer  is the answer.  Fiscally conservative and a free market among providers.
Taking away insurance from the poor and elderly is not the answer. Instead ensure their subsidies will persist so markets stabilize?
Don't repeal and replace just fix the small things that need to be fixed. Because of ACA I can afford insurance and so can my dad #OhioVoter
@SPANOhio can help. All Ohio could be "in network" and everyone wins.
I ask myself 'why am I begging for my OH senator to look out for my best interests'? What's wrong with this picture?
Let ur blow hard boss to quit threatening to stop their payments & the companies won't pull out.  U don't work for free, they don't either.
Talk of repeal and volatility of Trump administration contributed to that. But you'll never admit that, will you?
Cuz @GOP @realDonaldTrump caused so much uncertainty PURPOSEFULLY w threats to stop subsidies! Insurers blame them as culprits! Peeps know!
How would this be an improvemeof if BCRA passes?
How about adding a public option?  Let the idealistic nerds compete.
Part of the reason for this is that you along with the rest of #GOP have destabilized the market, so stop the misinformation.
Medicare for All.    Where is the money?   We could stop bombing other countries.
Fix, don't flush.
Mainly thanks to the insecurity in the market due to Trumpcare and all the uncertainty on the Hill.
THEN IT'S UP TO YOU TO PUT TOGETHER A BILL THAT WORKS TO FIX THIS.
I hope you will work with Dems to stabilize the health ins. markets & fix the problems with ACA. Trump needs to stop the sabotage.
It's more than that. He's threatening to withhold subsidy payments owed by govt to insurers, making it risky them to stay in marketplace.
He's also telling agencies not to enforce the mandate to enroll. If only sick people enroll, it throws off the risk pool & insurers lose $.
Trump shd be telling Rs & Ds to get together to fix problems. Instead he's doing everything he can to make insurers pull out or raise rates.
At least babies who are born with issues don't hit max.  At least pre-existing conditions are covered
Start working across party lines for the interest of the people of Ohio!
This is a result of the GOP and Trump making the market unstable by constantly threatening businesses w/ killing ACA
Cuz YOU & @GOP deliberately let re-insurance program in #ACA lapse, destabilize insurers markets, force them to leave! Peeps know this!
You need to make the insurance companies accountable and reign them in. We do not need any mote bad polciies and inadequate plans from them.
We need a #PublicOption that takes the profit out of health care and returns 100 percent of the money invested as #Wellness, not profits!
Then introduce legislation to fix Obamacare
try working with the democrats and find ways to improve it. Start with negotiating drug prices for Medicaid/Medicare
Thanks to you and your GOP.  Could have worked to repair ACA, but chose to obstruct instead.  This is squarely the failure of your party.
Don't complaint about Obamacare if you use your position to keep it in place/.
That's because your party keeps dicking around with healthcare threats to pull coverage and disrupting market. Own your mistakes!
You voted to repeal before. You need to to do so again. Signed, Hamilton County Ohio
America Has A Better Idea Rob..We Will Withhold Our Tax Money That Pays  The Politicians Insurance. Until You Can Pull Your Head Out Of Anus
You and the Gov , medicaid,medicaid,medicaid.I voted for you in 2016 but never again.
Bipartisan fix of ACA.
You never wanted to repeal OCare, the entire GOP has never tried to repeal OCare. You're a dishonest man.
@sherrodBrown gave us #ACA mess. Tweaking #ACA will only result in failure later #RepealObamacare
#ACA has been a disaster since day one. It needs complete repeal. It was designed to fail so they could give us single payer
So you're saying Ohio was better off before Obamacare. REPEAL!
Until the House and Senate are affected by the ACA, nothing will happen. You guys continue to put your careers ahead of #WeThePeople
If the solution is going to be based on Free Enterprise; the first move is to repeal the ACA. Let individuals choose who & where they doctor
Maybe if the GOP could get it together and actually govern there would not be so much uncertainty that is driving insurers away.  So over it
Require health insurers to offer marketplace coverage in each place where they cover anyone. Lawmakers can stop the market implosion.
GOP refuses to let the free market reign and REPEAL. DO YOUR JOB
Seems you've caved to people that don't vote for you anyways!  Thanks Sen. Portman! And thank you @GovernorKasich (medicaid exp.) #Stupidity
All counties would have options under single-payer
And thanks to you its going to get even worse.  Repeal the non #ACA and get a separate bill for pre-existing and medicaid. Not hard dummy!
BTW, pre-ACA the individual insurance market was ALWAYS an unfair disaster. You just didn't care back then. #fixtheACA
then fix it and stop complaining
Repeal it and they will come.
Guarantee the CSR's @senrobportman #ohio #FixTheACA
Senator if I may ask do you and your colleagues have Obamacare?
And yet you won't repeal, you will be replaced
This is your opportunity to take a stand against for profit insurance. Protect all Americans and their access to healthcare. Godspeed.
Kill Obama care and go back to the open market
Time to start working with democrats to fix not replace
Repeal ACA It's all wrong written by and for InsCos We need health ins reform/control US already has best healthcare on Earth
Thank you obama for screwing us over and Portman you lied now work or resign
When and why did this happen? In 2017, because Republicans are trying to kill it. You break it, you own it.
The RNC platform does not include ACA fix or health care.Remember reason why GOP now has majorities in all 3 branches. #obamacarerepublicans
Hold insurance companies responsible, hold Pres.'s threats responsible. Hold endless repeal efforts by GOP responsible. Start mending this.
Make the market unstable w/threats of repeal/witholding payments and then complain when they leave. The ppl of Oh didn't do that. Blame GOP.
So now you can sit back and watch all carriers pull out of your state. When you could at least try to support a new plan.
Hypocrite typical politician-
Primarily why?  Because of uncertainty CAUSED by this freakin' idiotic administration??  Do bipartisan fix of ACA already...
Because of the uncertainty  you have caused.
Your no repeal & replace position is an affront to millions of people. Of course you don't care - your insurance is paid for by us!
And Ohio has only one senator with brains.   It's a shame it's not you.
Rob, need to do a townhall in his home state about why he is keeping Obamacare alive; instead of hiding behind a keyboard
Purposefully destabilizing a market that millions count on 2 stay healthy does not make the ACA a failure, it makes those in charge failures
So, if the current plan ISN'T working, then REPEAL IT!
But before ACA, some of them had none!
You've stepped up so far why not go one step further and reach out to @SenateDems and get something done
Why not #universalhealthcare and then additional coverage if you want/can afford it. Care should not put profits over people.
Then fix this! Full repeal of Obamacare and Replace. NOW
#NotOurObamacare #RepealObamacare Failing Obamacare belongs to the Democrats. Let them keep it. NO Republicans voted for Obamacare in 2010
Your fault now for not repealing Obamacare.
So fix the problems with the ACA and stop trying to make it about tax cuts for wealthy! Read the letters we send u!!
Then fix the healthcare system. Not just focusing on insurance and tax cuts
U RINOs better vote baboon care out after  7YRS! UNAFFORDABLE UNUSABLE UNACCEPTABLE & u will b UNEMPLOYED!
Lies lies lies..just like all politicians! You lie like a dog! Do what you say your going to do..that to hard to ask ??
Worst insurance ever unless you get it free
Vote repeal if you really believe that
It's time to work with your Dem Colleagues to fix the HC we do have for Ohio and the country. Remember what working across the aisle is abt
Then you need to repeal this. Force the other side to come to the table or get the government out of Health care REPEAL
RepealObamaCareNow
@senrobportman Isn't it true that the 27 counties with "only one" insurer actually had none before Obamacare? Repealing ACA is just cruel.
Then make the Fed pay up its legal subsidies rather than choke the Insurers out. THATS what's happening and you know it. TWEAK DONT BREAK
Try re-funding the ACA payments to insurers.
Yeah, that's mostly due to market instability thanks to Republicsn shenanigans. Fix the ACA.
More insurers will exit if Republicans don't stop destabilizing the markets with constant talk of repeal.
You can be part of a bipartisan effort to repair & strengthen the ACA, or you can be part of the partisan effort to kill it.
Whatever you decide, please understand - there is no partisan, Republican path that won't lead to millions losing their healthcare coverage.
7 years to come up with something better and you offered what? Why don't you try working with the Democrats medicaid for all maybe.
Sounds like the free market is failing and it's time for Medicare For All.
Maybe you should work with the women in the Senate because they've got the guts to do the right thing while the men are playing games.
Then fix Obama care for those and stabilize for remaining, because it works more than fails.
so you are going to vote to keep Obamacare.  You and your family are doing okay, that's all you care about.
Thanks to you and Kasich! He screw up with free loader Medicaid !
THANKS to the GOP's created INSECURITY ... STOP this insane childish repeal and replace by worse...IMPROVE the ACA .  WORK TOGETHER
You lack the leadership skills to govern.  Morally wrong to not administer your responsibility in an ethical manner.  You and others failed!
Yes. Companies like Anthem pulled out because of market uncertainty caused by GOP. So work with Dems to fix.
We need a real plan that addresses the cost of care without abandoning the most vulnerable. Governing is hard work. Requires bipartisanship.
Sounds like a good argument for repeal.
How many were there before the ACA?
Time to exert your leadership for a bi-partisan effort to repair the ACA
You and your GOP colleagues did this. Don't blame the ACA. Your party leadership cultivated that uncertainty. You own this botched BS.
Don and the republicans were supposed help us but instead are willing to let people die to make a point
Then join with everyone in the Senate to fix this. Own what part you've played and move on. We're ready to listen and get to work.
Why do you need insurance for #PrimaryCare?
It limits access
#FullRepeal
My central Ohio daughter bailed when it became unaffordable even with subsidy (which they take back) in 2016. #RepealObamacare
Yes Pres Trump shared how the GOP's plan is to make it fail. I suppose your plan to destroy healthcare is working. Success for you.
Maybe you should be working together and not in secret to make improvements. You are allowing big insurance companies to step all over you.
Thanks to the GOP. Read the news, everyone (outside of Fox propaganda) knows it's the fault of the GOP.
Gee, wonder why wonder boy? #goptreason
This is due to the uncertainty in the market. GOP must ensure that Trump pays the insurer subsidies or it will get worse!
Yep.. we're in a sick place where our 'leaders' are hoping/encouraging suffering & failure of healthcare system just to undo what Obama did.
Your leader has said he WANTS ACA to fail, @senrobportman. YOU can use yr power 2 stop that. Will you? Reach out to a Dem today & fix this!
How about you push for enforcement and payments from executive branch so insurers don't feel need to pull out?
Stupid question. Why is there a variation from county to county? Shouldn't this be a standardized statewide market? Simplify. U can do it.
U are a coward!Why don't you stand up for us instead of falling in line behind a "president" u know isn't capable of leading this country!
This is your fault! Instead of blaming everyone else why doesn't the Republican party grow up&start helping everyone instead of the rich!
That is what needs fixed!! how can that be fixed..start at the ground level and stop the insanity
I can't afford to go to the dr, have not been in years because I pay $500 a month just to have insurance and then 6000 deducable, ~!~
Someone needs to go after big pharma and the greedy healthcare companies and fix this!!
that is not the only problem with med insurance, I have insurance and my deductable is 6,000 a year!!! who the hell has that much money
You should have been working to FIX it, not tear it down!!!
And that's because of you sir.
Again, congratulations.  The GOP sabotage is working. Your fake 45, today, proclaimed the intention to make it fail. SAD
What did we elect you to do? I thought you knew. You should be a public servant, not a freeloader.
Keep on ignoring us. Our vote will be how we ignore you.
Stop Trump from sabotaging it
What the heck with health care we need solutions. Do something. Now
Didn't you have 7 yrs to develop a plan???  No plan, no repel, no replace!  Fix it. GOP is setting it for failure. 45 said so!
So do something, no vacations, go to work. Fifty years a republican, no more.
Sounds like you've got lots of work to do Rob. Shouldn't have rode the @GOP bandwagon to the bottom of this one.
Fix Obamacare. Forget about party lines and think about those who depend on it. Be a hero for the people...
Repair not repeal!
Fix the ACA and quit undermining it.
How long has this been going on, and why on earth didn't you people fix the ACA?  This is a people issue.. not a D/R issue
Caused by you and the GOP purposefully creating an unstable market. ACA can be improved - do it instead of pushing a tax cut for the rich
So FIX THE ACA.
This is why government can't run anything. Everything they try to run fails and just becomes entitlements.Lets just repeal. Free market work
It is your fault. You had 7+ years to work with Dems on ACA; you refused. Take responsibility for your lack of productive effort.
As I have been saying, fix ACA with Dems.
U r a liar. U failed us.U didn't get healthcare done. U n all other senators r at fault. I have no confidence in u. Get something done NOW..
... or u lose my vote n i will fight 4 all my worth to get others on board to get u out of office. Slot of Ohioans feel this way.
Pay the money promised to the insurance companies and they'll be able to offer plans in all counties. Fix ACA!
Repeal. Stop the insurance lobby from stealing our taxes with lousy bills.
Right.  Well how about fixing that problem versus letting the rest of the state also lose health insurance?!
When are you going to quit with your failed policies and take care of your constituents? They hold your future in their hands.
Tell us why that has happened.
Implement universal healthcare & everyone is covered everywhere. Why is it the rest of the world can manage it but not USA? @District15Ohio
No insurance coverage because the insurance companies can't count on the Republicans to do what is right for both insureds & insurers.
We don't need insurance. We need healthcare.  We need to set up universal healthcare in those counties.
1) repeal ACA
2) open medicare to all
3) open interstate insurance 
4) address costs of care
It's not that difficult.
It's terrible.  And it is due to instability created by GOP leadership.  ACA was working until GOP got out the wrecking ball.  Fix ACA.
No thanks to the @GOP Or should I say thanks to the @GOP
So fix ACA. Or - u choosing to let it fail like the fake prez wants?  GOP massive fail
If you repealed it & let the free market do it's job, your problem would be fixed. Don't hurt middle-class family. Support repeal
Because you and your President caused so much uncertainty, companies don't know what's happening
Your are not smart enough to decide healthcare.  Free markets, plus a poverty level safety-net.  Insurance across state lines. Done.
your concern is deeply touching Rob. Stand up to McConnell and Trump. Don't allow Ohioans to suffer
What are YOU doing about this?
That's the #Insurance companies screwing us. Stop blaming it on the AHC.
If only you were in a position to do something about that! You should run for office! Single payer baseline with a competitive premium mkt.
Thanks to the GOP creating uncertainty and refusing to work with Democrats to fix the ACA. Solutions exist: stop griping and start working.
Work with each other and fix it!
Thanks to republican scare tactics and instability
Go fix Obamacare!!!!!!!!
