You should support the Affordable Care Act and not try to repeal or replace it.
No, he's trying to cut taxes for corporations
So since you brought up health care...care to explain "Rule 14" to all of us. Is this why you're bringing up health care?
You and your buddies are trying to rush that crap GOP health plan through. The GOP in D.C. sicken me that they care so little for Country.
Can you try and do everything to protect the people and not your party?
You let your party sabotage our healthcare. Exactly what do you plan on doing now for all your constituents who are losing their insurance?
Ohioans will die if you pass #AHCA & you'll be responsible . Fix #ACA don't repeal! 50yo+ those w/pre-existing deserve affordable care!
You better not take away the Medicaid expansion or try to use high-risk pools for pre-existing conditions. We won't forget if you do!
Amazing you can tweetstorm about healthcare but still no comment on Paris Accords that have been around for years. #KeepObamacare #KeepParis
He has not commented. I've called his office every day since last week and they say he has no statement. Nothing on his website.
PLEASE VOTE NO ON THE AHCA!!!
You should serve all of your constituents.
You could start by inviting women to the health care table.
You must vote against any bill that cuts healthcare coverage from anyone,ends patient protections,or cuts essential benefits.#showusthebill
WORDS WORDS WORDS WORDS.  Not buying it, your actions to sabotage the ACA are disappointing! #trumpcare #DoYourJob #wealthcare
Save the ACA
Don't repeal, improve.
Bla, bla, bla, bla.
When are the hearings on the GOP plan so we know you are getting input from more than 12 other old male senators?
If you're working to make it better, then #showusthebill if you have nothing to hide. @senrobportman #ACA #AHCA
Fraud.
So Medicaid for all? Single payer? Like the rest of the world?
Do not vote for a tax break for the wealthy while cutting health care for millions. Medicare for all. @GOP uncertainty is gutting the ACA
If that is true, then why are you behind closed doors with all white men? Why aren't you working with Sen. Brown. Why are you hiding at all?
Everything he does is orchestrated. It is a a photo op with nearly ALL white men. If Portman can control the message, he won't listen.
If you mean this, then you won't support the bill being constructed with zero transparency or public hearings. Otherwise you are a liar.
You are a traitor to Ohioans and people who need insurance at a decent price.
You record on this is a whole lot of nothing. You have failed to serve the people of Ohio.
Enough with the deception Rob.  You and the GOP are totally doing all you can to make the ACA fail.  Stop with party first.  Integrity?
Does that include having hearings and markup before voting on any healthcare bill?
Are you going to wnsure Obamacarebis properly funded?
#ThisFamilyPhysician says #SinglePayer!! Now!! #HealthcareIsARight
Going to hold you to this! Not a great start thus far. #SinglePayer
Patient of mine w/Obamacare will likely die soon because of delay in treatment cause hospital that his specialist goes to not in plan! Ugh
Fix what is wrong w/healthcare. Costs spiraling for small business. Make it nonprofit like it was before. People not signing up cause too $$
Your actions so far show the opposite. You allowed market instability & loss of Anthem. Ohioans are without coverage because of YOU.
You know your support of trump policies makes you toast, right?
You better, because the Freedom Caucus stuff sucks!
This includes protecting Public Student Loan Forgiveness and not pricing talent out of the public sector. You get what you pay for, sir.
Don't mess around with #Healthcare or you'll break it! We need #Healthcare; not the Republican agenda. THINK FOR YOURSELF AND OHIOANS FIRST!
Prove it with actions not words. Vote no & use your voice 2 stand up 2 unethical move of the current admin to purposefully defund ACA
Then give up your committee seat to a woman so everything possible can be done to represent all equally, otherwise the process is flawed.
.@senrobportman so that's a yes vote on a bill that's had ZERO hearings, experts and lower approval rating than Donnie boy?  Gotcha.
Whatever....
You are misleading your constituents. #GOP sabotage is the reason Anthem is leaving the exchange in #Ohio. You & your party are responsible.
Oh just admit that we should move to a single-payer system, already.
What about the women?  @OhioDistrict12
will you let us know when you start? Because the AHCA if passed by Senate will push more Ohioans off the insurance rolls.
sure!
Then you're declaring your opposition to #Trump and his attempts to undermine #Obamacare ?
#Ohio's interests or business's interests? B/c I haven't seen any tweets about normal #Ohioans, just businesses you wish to protect
By everything do you mean work with democrats instead of the freedom caucus? Its the only chance you have to get anything done here
I'm guessing the answer to that will be no. You won't put the country or people over your party, even the extremists
Oh you're so considerate, while you live on the taxpayers dime, how magnanimous of you. Healthcare for all. Obamacare will work, support it!
If your new plan is so great why are you being so secretive about It?
Save our health care and stop sabotaging ACA. Affordable health care for all should be a basic human right!! Vote no on wralthcare!!!
Ur a joke
The GOP actions have created uncertainty in the market, as evidenced by Anthem's decision  today to pull out of many counties in OH. Shame!
Sen. Portman where was your leadership on healthcare during the last 8 years, you put Publicans interest above your constituents
@senrobportman, what do you propose? Saying "everything I can" tells me NOTHING. Obamacare is a marketplace just like #AHCA. #FixObamacare
Portman, how do you sleep at night knowing that Anthem is dropping Ohio and leaving your constituents uninsured? Come up w/ some answers.
Even the 20+ million you're taking coverage from to pay for a tax cut for the richest 1% ?
I think that is a lie
Medicaid should NOT become a single payer plan as it was starting to become.
Liar
Then keep ACA in place and work on stabilizing markets. Don't cut subsidies. Don't vote for the AHCA/trumpcare.
start by meeting with us so we can tell you what we want
If that were even remotely true, then you would have pushed to amend the ACA, instead of constantly trying to overturn it.
Do it ! Dump  Ocare for good
The GOP is withholding funds to ins providers to ensure their premiums go up and blaming it on a ACA and you are letting this happen
Why don't you answer my question, asked it over a month ago? Do you believe healthcare is a basic human right? I think we deserve an answer.
Quick gather all the old white men! They know what's best for all of us!
Your support of Trump and your party over your constitutes says otherwise.
And just to remind you, businesses themselves are not constituents, I see you meet with businesses all the time but what about constituents?
You lie
It needs to. Illness causes enough suffering, our insurance should provide peace of mind.
you're doing a wonderful job creating chaotic markets so that premiums rise and insurance agencies pull out of Ohio.
Translation: I'm going to wring my hands & offer mealy-mouthed platitudes while I vote ensure my big donors get huge tax breaks.
ya, right
You were doing so well not going on the same tirades that @PatTiberi was going on. But here you are now...
better late than never...this is on you, you own it
ALL of Ohio or just the business interests. You will have greater numbers yearly of Ohioans loosing ground- through no fault of their own.
Which means nothing since GOP is completely incapable of putting together a plan that improves current situation. You are ALL TALK, Senator.
“All” appears to be quite relative, considering the (non-donor) constituents with whom you DON'T interact.
by kicking off 23 million people from healthcare,cutting medicaid  (Ohio took the expansion) and giving tax cuts to the wealthy?
Like when you confirmed your donor @BetsyDeVos
If by "doing everything" you mean "being obstructionist and allowing the markets to collapse to squeeze out some tax cuts," then yes, agreed
Republicans sabotaged the #ACA: 7 years playing deadly games with the lives & health of real people:
the aca sucks and Republicans did NOTHING to stop it
How are you going to do that? Deeply appreciate your enthusiasm but actions speak louder then rhetoric !
Throw away what the house sent you!
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.300
