Fraud.
Yeah, who gives a damn about the quickly disintegrating earth.  We'll be dead, right?
What a corrupt, selfish & greedy point of view.  Regulations should be stronger not weaker.  Regs protect our lakes, rivers, soil & air.
So why are "certain" oil/gas cos flourishing?! It's not rocket science. Cutting regs hurts ALL except CEOs pockets. Stop the LIES!
Judging by  your past practice perhaps if your child's drinking water were effected you would see the value in those burdensome regulations
You're not over burdened with intelligence are you? Stay away from those laws because we don't want to drink crude oil with our water.
Stop spewing Trumpisms. Regulations protect people. We need energy from renew sources.
You preach about the health of the Great Lakes and then post this nonsense. Get a freaking clue!
Still hiding from people in Cleveland. Rob afraid to have public town hall?
May the needs (and lives and health) of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one.
How else can we all live long and prosper?
You are complicit in Trump's undoing of saving our environment. 45208
Not true. U have no credibility, just corporate donor obligations. If U really believe the lies you spew, say it in person at a town hall.
At the expense of air and water?  No way!  Why are you so narrow-minded?  What kind of a world do you want to leave your kids?
Energy sector has been hit hard by falling prices due to technology making it cheaper!  It's not enviro regs!  Typical Republican rhetoric!
There are far more jobs to be created in renewable energy to create infrastructure and true lower cost energy independence.
Many jobs in Ohio are being unfilled--jobs that start at $18 in our rural area.  Stop using the 'jobs' card.  At what cost??
When is your next town hall meeting? (Request #164)
He had a staff meeting he called a town hall though.
Those clean air & clean water ideas are rediculous!!   We should also bring back lead paint & asbestos coats !!
Regulations are there for a reason. You better wise up, or you will lose your seat, come next election. You work for us!!
"Unleashing" the private sector is generally bad for the environment and workers.   Not like you care about either of those.
Are you serious? How much damage has the deregulation on fracking done in the other O state (OK) in the past decade?
Can you recall a senator?
Fuck Earth, right?
Yesterday a there was an air quality advisory in your neighborhood and mine. Do you care? Obviously not.
BALONEY AND YOU KNOW IT. Spout Trump's vulgar lies will sink your political career. You are proving to be as sleazy a fraud as Trump is.
Jobs don't matter if we are dying from lead in our water and pollutants in our air.
Yes i hate breathing clean air and drinking clean water
That's one way to ensure full employment... for gravediggers
In one statment you say you support the environment... Next you say get rid of regulations, You know the Cuyahoga river use to catch on fire
"Burdensome"? Are you serious!? Looks like the private energy sector is a big contributor to your campaign! #jobs #ClimateChangeIsReal
Then please go represent another state. I like Ohio to be clean. Bad enough that the states above and below are too polluted too drink.
Thoughts on #ParisAccord ?  I thought not
What a complete load of bullshit. Invest in sustainable energy and a piece economy.
Yeah, letting coal mine owners like the Koch brothers  dispose of their fracking and coal slag waste in our waterways is great for business!
Are you fucking kidding me???? I hate you more than i hate trump. #complicit #complicitGOP
Yeah who needs clean air and water the heck with the regulations let the money I mean energy flow. Shame to u
Yup - your buddies, Trump + Pruitt - Burning more coal; believing miners' jobs are coming back. Don't bring Ohio into 21 Cent...
We need to protect our workers and the environment. Maybe you could lay out what specific regs you feel are too onerous?
your a fool big money Portman,  way to act in my children's best interest
President Trump has withdrawn from Paris Accord.  As a Catholic, I know we have responsibility to God's creation.  Just wrong.
Fossil fuel is so last century.  The new energy sector is alternate energy.  Get on the edge Rob
The energy sector has failed to keep up with modern demands and has clung to a dying business model while allowing China to lead. #chinajobs
Rob only cares about making money for himself and his corporate donors.  Not the people he's supposed to represent and not workers.
Stop blaming regulations. It's economic,  over supply of gas means fracking less profitable. We know it, you know it.
Renewable energy creates jobs. Regulations protect my water from fracking and pipeline spills. You'd know this if you had a #TownHall
Who's going to pay when they make a mistake Regs are designed to prevent?
Thought you cared about protecting Ohio water ways. You only care about protecting corporate interests.
This post is a disgrace.
Yeah, I can't wait to explain to my grandchildren why they cant drink the water or breathe the air! Thanks, Rob.
Yeah! Who needs clean air and water, safe work places and fair wages, anyway?
"Unleash the private sector ". Then we can roast marshmallows over the Cuyahoga River.
And to hell with our environment! Let our kids figure out how to clean up our mess! (Sigh)
Just shut up already. Your party is ruining the environment one excuse at a timw
How about saving the earth and looking into alternative energy jobs.
Unleash them?  Are you KIDDING?!  Stop allowing them to run all over your constituents and taking THEIR property rights and quality of life!
INNOVATION? RU SERIOUS? how is sticking to the old nasty way of doing things INNOVATIVE???? I continue to hate everything about you Rob.
profits before people. Let's put a fracking well next to his house!
just stop, no it has not. Who had lost a job from having to safely do something? #Ohio is smarter then that? #ohioiswatching
Regulation for regulation's sake is one thing.  Allowing corporations to trash #Ohio's environment, take advantage of workers is another.
Yeah, because corporations always put people, safety, environment over profits. Enjoy your last term #BoughtAndPaidForPortman
How close does your drinking water get to a fracking well? Just wondering.
I'm guessing Senator Rob doesn't have to worry about such things. Those pesky regulations though!
Translation: Let wealthy energy producers make more money at the expense of the environment and green energy jobs.
Regulations not only protect the environment but also LEAD to innovation, not stifle it. Clean efficient power exists because of regulations
The environment is NOT a burden.
Unleash the potential of good jobs in renewable sources,  stop acting like freeing nat'l resource extraction is a good solution for Ohio.
Not, if we want a clean environment, these regs are needed. Repub party line," &  vacating e Paris Climate Accords is SHORT-SIGHTED. 
Sell out.
What do we have to do to get you to actually LISTEN to us?
Or we could not roll back regulations that protect the environment and serve your corporate bosses.  Thanks.
The energy sector should be converting to green energy instead of the old, failing methods. How about you care about the poor customers!
Oh please. From let's save the Great Lakes to deregulate the energy sector. You can't have your cake and eat it too. Ur vote rec'd outs you.
Who needs clean air and water when you can have profits?
Energy sector should diversify.

Safety & environment of Ohioans should not be de-regulated to make your donors more profitable.

Go #Ohio
translation - unleash more damage to the environment and workers
@senrobportman, name ONE unnecessary, burdensome reg. I've asked your staff, and they can't name any. You should be able to name MANY! #Sad
Portman is an undereducated halfwit incapable of seeing his own hand in front of his face.
Sure, who cares if they pollute our drinking water as long as Tillerson keeps filling his pockets.
By unleashing I assume you mean exploiting workers again like conservatives have been trying to get back to for years?
Not if theure pro environment! Would like our great grands to know past generations cared about the earth and not just the almighty dollar!
Solar is innovating, wind is innovating... coal is not.
The renewable energy and natural gas sectors are fine. It's coal-- which is not and should not come back. It's an environmental disaster.
Name one burdensome regulation. You GOPers are always talking about regulations but never identify the ones that you think are burdensome
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.249
We are basically the only country that does not see the benefit to jobs, environment, and human health that renewable sector could bring us
Daily reminder:  Regulations=Protections for employees and consumers.  Rob only cares about business owners, not employees or Ohioans.
Not hard enough DAPL leaking worse that the Trump White House
Booooo
Yeah, clean air and water is such a burden.
This just isn't true.
People living near industrial areas better find a way out now, we have all seen the effects of unregulated factories.
HELL NO. Why don't we invest in Solar, Wind, and Tidal power instead!
