just admit it, you're going to vote to screw over everyone except the 1%. Sorry I voted for you.
are you listening to your constituents or will you choose party first??
check your coverage c if it covers hearing aids  apparently u need 1 u don't seem to be listening to your constituents
Well, you've had 7 years to come up with *something* and this was the best the #GOP could muster? Tell me again why you are in office?
You know Pence wants to destroy women's health care. Please don't be like him.
please publicly announce that you won't vote for current disaster replacement plan. #rubberstampRob
please don't take away our insurance. The new plan will put coverage out of reach for most Americans.
.@senrobportman HAHA! Almost sounds like you actually care about your constituents, but your voting record tells the truth. WE WILL REMEMBER
, hope you voiced strong opposition. Bill is Much pricier for consumers, which GOP promised would not happen.
Please work to FIX ACA, not destroy it.
Pleased? Trumpcare costs more, covers fewer people, screws the most vulnerable. How is this improvement?
a bunch of evil dudes continue to sit around gloating about denying women/expectant mothers healthcare. #Trumpcare
@RepSteveStivers  @VP what the heck have you been doing for the last 7 years?
thaen reject the proposed plan.
Just fluff. Constituents tried to have a meeting with you btw.
 already took good-for-nothing DeVos' bribe. Will continue clobbering middle class. @VP
Are you supporting the weakening of my current Medicare coverage I depend on right now? I am 66 yrs old.
meeting with a republican. No news there.
Fix ACA. $$ spent to implement, $$ more to change. All will drive up costs. Majority WANT ACA
I think the word you’re looking for here is “destroying.”
Tell the truth GOP plan will greatly harm the poor & old & benefit the wealthy & ins Ceos. We want the plan you have.
The terrific new promised plan is not good for America.  America won't be great, people will be sick & without healthcare
I am sick of you avoiding taking care of the people you represent.  Man up and stand up!
Polio Again? Mumps Again? Zika outbreak? Republican bill cuts CDC funding for public health. Not good idea.
How many are you planning to kill to get the tax breaks your owners demand? #gopkillingchildren #CorporateServant #Cowards #TrumpFluffers
why don't you meet with Ohioans about our healthcare?!?
Improve. Interesting. I'm watching. More people are watching than you think!
How about you guys start prosecuting health providers (drs,insurers,hospitals) under anti-trust laws if you are serious.
did u make clear your sine quo non's?  And what r they?
please make sure we don't loose healthcare for all
how'd that go? Oppose it!
Pay attention to Ohio and America's children. Do NOT CUT MEDICAID.
@VPyou must be from the Netherlands you never take a stand on anything. Grow some balls,country before party.We are watching
Is this new bill an improvement? It is a  Rebublican Age Tax = RAT
It is wrong for plan to hurt the poor and reward the rich. The ACA is better than this.
you shouldn't repeal anything without a replacement that's better for EVERYONE
This plan is a joke and just a republican tax cut for the super rich. You know this but will put party over country.
prediction. You will sell us down the river much like @realDonaldTrump did. #torussiawithlove
I hope you listen to your constituents on the health care reform  better than you did on Betsy.
They just know about ruining it. Sorry. Greedy GOP and tax breaks for the rich.
GOP is about to put health ins. for working people in a shredder. #GOPdontcare
really how much money and favors changed hands???
so you can get bullied into a garbage healthcare plan
Don't throw Ohio's poorest citizens under the bus.
I know so many people who are happy with it like it is.  My son has care source and it's been great
Push 4 EXPANDNG the ACA, Portman. Ppl don't quickly forget it when you help play a part in fucking with their healthcare!
if you mean by improving health care you throw millions of children off health insurance then I guess good job
the first misinformation campaign was launched by the GOP against the ACA. TrumpCare is a tax break for the richest 1%.
#Trumpcare is a DISASTER. @senrobportman @VP Improve #ACA, do not repeal and replace.
My son with Crohn's Disease won't be able to get coverage at any price if ACA goes away. I hope you 2 talked about that.
when will you meet with your ordinary constituents that iou haven't cherry picked the Democrats from? Lines busy or Vmail
When have you met with your ordinary const
Easy! Just give Americans the same federal healthcare benefits that you two receive.  #TrumpRussia immediate crisis!
#wheresrobportman #baddeal #sad #Trumprussia
not that you'll listen to your constituents, but we don't want this. If you would meet with us, we could tell you!
Hope you talked about the new health plan drastically increasing seniors premiums
ACA is a nightmare! I liked it before they messed with it. Only preexisting condition stays.No mandate - incentive to get
only on parents insurance until you graduate or done with college degree/drop out. Parents can pay single plan if want
SO PENCE is In Charge of #RyanCare Republicans Are Walking Away From TRUMP Administration Like Cats on A Hot Tin Roof. .LOL LOL
Full repeal and no relplacement. Can sell across state lines. Tort reform
No illegals on it. Have to prove citizenship with valid SS#, good tax cut for $40,000 to $80,000-small business owners.
by the way 63% of Americans want to keep or EXPAND the ACA. Are you listening?
What he said!
"Improving" in the sense of "making measurably worse solely in order to give a $600b tax break to the rich"
nothing to brag about there Portman
so let's get a straight answer from you. Are you for it or against it? Stop trying to straddle the line. We deserve answers.
You are tearing it down and leaving millions of people poorer and without insurance while giving out tax cuts. Not a positive
