complete aside
he's so cute!
you know we can hear you, right?
As a constituent in Ohio, WE need a plan in place BEFORE you repeal #ACA. #preexistingconditions DEPEND on YOU! #SaveACA
I was hopeful when you backed the delay, but now it's clear that your loyalties lie with your party and not your constituents
You have shown yourself to be untrustworthy.  Your constituents deserve someone to protect them.  Pre-existing conditions
You have voted for the indirect genocide of thousands of constituents. We will remember, and vote to repeal & replace you.
Pontification without stats. Why will you not provide facts? My small business kept 2017 rates flat.
You are OK with keeping ACA for years with rising rates till you can devise a replacement? Term for that is hypocrite.
can u do more stmts? If #Obamacare = fail b/c 1 group's $ burden went up, how will allowing PreEx-Con discrim be any diff?
Pleased? Your constituents are disgusted with you & your Republican colleagues. You are reckless w/ American lives. #ACA
Glad you're pleased because there are 20+ millions Americans, as well as all those covered by employer plans, who are not.
as a social worker from Canton, I beg you to repair Obamacare. Make it better. Do not repeal. Lives depend on it
What are the details of the replacement?  Ur in such a hurry to repeal, but crickets about the replacement.
I am your constituent, but you do not represent me on this, nor do you represent the best interests of the nation.
You're a monster. You're supposed to represent US Citizens, not the corporations.
Are you friggin serious?  As one of your constituents I have been begging you not to do this.
Party first. To hell with everything else
yeah because watching our working class citizens die off is vastly rewarding. I wish a debillitating expensive illness on you
How dare you support this, @senrobportman. I will be voting against you in the next election.
I have been crying all day.  You are heartless to people with pre-existing conditions. & to those requiring subsidies.
I am in your district and I will never vote for you when you vote to deny so many people health care coverage.
Repeal of the ACA is going to cost lives. The Republican Senate and House seem to want to be the predicted death panels.
Where is the replacement plan? Let your constituents see that there actually is one before you help kill US citizens
Senator Portman you need to take a stand against your party.Taking away healthcare from my grandson is shameful. COWARD
you aren't helping anyone.lets be real. The GOP hate for ACA is based in racism and corporate greed.
you've lost my next vote.
Why are you happy about denying your consitiutents, who pay for your great health plan, health care?
And replace it with what? And how do you feel about wrecking the lives of Ohioans?
Many people who work full-time qualify for Medicaid. This is and American disgrace. When will you correct this?
This is disgraceful. Millions of people will suffer because of your vote.
Why did you vote to repeal protections for pre-existing conditions? Who does that benefit? Hint: it is not US citizens.
this is completely unacceptable! How can you support thousands losing their healthcare? You work for the people!?
did you even take into consideration how many of your constituents this could harm? Such bad news
I'm not. My hardworking son finally was able to get treatment for his diabete/hypertension. Don't take away his health care!
you need voted out because you do not care about the health care of people
History will have its eyes on you and your shameful colleagues. I hope you lost every election you ever run in. #SaveACA
I will be denied coverage due to chronic illness. You are supporting DEATH. SHAME ON YOU! #SaveACA
DONT YOU CARE ABOUT LIFE?! This is not a consistent ideology!
please repair don't repeal ACA #SaveACA #beavoiceofreason #wearecountingonyou
I cannot fathom that you are pleased to take health care away from my sick 9 year old grandson. Shame on you. Coward
it sickens me that you are "pleased" to take healthcare from my mother, a breast cancer survivor, w/ pre-existing condition.
you should be ashamed you are part of this. Give everyone same health care congress has & then it will be fair.
You really don't care about the people who will die do you?
#medicare4all please get profits and marketing costs out of healthcare.  That's what would make it affordable & for everyone
it's irresponsible to repeal the ACA without a plan ready to replace it
How about getting that replacement plan in place first? You haven't managed one yet.
You giving up your cushy gov healthcare, dumpling? Of course not. You're too special for what you sling at your constituents.
I thought there was hope when you joined Sen Corker's amendment to delay repeal date, but y'all caved #FindPortmansSpine
if you care so much about the opioid epidemic killing Ohioans, why vote no on keeping funding for rural hospitals?
come on Rob we've talked about this, repeal without replacing is playing political games Americans. Ohioans deserve better.
As an Ohioan, I am profoundly disappointed in your decision to gut healthcare for so many simply because ACA was a Dem effort.
so glad that you are happy about killing your own people
It's impressive the number of lies and amount of misinformation you can fit into a statement of so few words. You're garbage.
you do realize that MOST Americans want this insurance..
To everyone responding: you are absolutely right to be pissed off. Calls help more than  tweets. 202.224.3353 Make him listen
why are you  repealing it without replacing it.... and leave in the pre-existing conditions and womens health care
Replacing with what? You have no idea, right?
As your constituent, I'm not pleased. You're doing away with the most beneficial parts.
#TrumpCareKills #GOPCareKills #SaveACA https://twitter.com/myeucatastrophe/status/819563089167269888 …
Your thinking is skewed.  Get real, more Ohioans have health coverage now than ever.
What about all of my money you're wasting to do something the majority of Americans don't want you to do?? #ACARepeal
so it's responsible to remove the preexisting clause? And responsible to repeal care for kids & veterans?
Repealing without a plan is UNACCEPTABLE and dangerous. Their should be a plan. You had time to develop a plan and didn't.
If you vote to repeal the ACA I will be running against you in 2018 @senrobportman
U put your party above ur constituents, voting along party lines despite ur earlier statements @ valuing coverage for Ohio.
numbers for Portman: http://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/office-locations …
Looks like you've begun process of repealing, but not replacing. This is shameful.
Where is the replacement plan? You are diminishing the health and quality of life of at least 1,000,000 of your constituents.
you're killing people. Glad you're pleased! All about the Ohio workers? What about OH workers with pre existing conditions
make calls. Portman works for us, not the the other way around.
no replacement - what are you doing?  working with #donthecon - I hope you all go down
You voted down amendments that would preserve coverage for pre-existing conditions, women's health care & children to age 26.
You voted with your party to repeal with no replacement.
You're happy people will die after losing insurance, or be bankrupted by serious illness?
kicking 11 million people off of their health insurance plan pleases you?
so glad ur pleased that u voted to harm your constituents.  Congress has had 8 years to develop an alternative. Nothing.
Fuck all the talk. Where are the planned protests and demonstrations?
I see the repealing but where are the replacements?
remember @realDonaldTrump  said yday keep #aca same 2017Let them hang themselves We won't own problems #resist
If #ACA is so bad then a replacement should be easy, where is it though?
EXACTLY! @looneyism @senrobportman @realDonaldTrump limited vocabulary used "repeal"  now says components good @HillaryClinton wanted fix
