Rob Portman is not working for Ohioans- he yells about an opioid epidemic and wants to repeal the healthcare paying for the opioid treatment
The healthcare Rob is talkingn about would make it more expensive for seniors
OUR LIVES ARE IN DANGER FROM TRUMP 
IMPEACH NOW PLEASE 
MY FAMILY IS TERRIFIED 
PLEASE HELP US
Think about this: The R's in Congress would rather protect a pres who gives Russians classified info than live up to their oaths of office
#Russia
#GETREAL
#45...IDON'TEVEN
#STOPALLTHEDRIVEL
My God, Senator! If you don't stand for something you'll fall for anything.
Don't repeal, improve!
There is more wrong w/the AHCA than cuts to Medicaid. Why are the tax breaks 4 the wealthy ok? Discrimination 4 pre-existing conditions ok?
Senator, I've not always been pleased on your positions.  Well done here.  Let's improve upon ACA, not tear it down and get worse.  Thanks!
Insurance companies and Big Pharma are killing Americans with their bloody greed. It is not free market healthcare it's deathcare.
I'm retweeting many responses to the original. People know you've sold your soul. Now they just need to know for how much?!?
I'm looking forward to calling you former senator. You are part of the swamp
Rob Portman would not be on the healthcare plan that he says Ohioans need.The plan he's fighting for would not pay 4 preexisting conditions
our countries security against self centered POTUS, trumps all else. Fix, then move to domestic issues.
Give an example.   Specific examples
This is your time to separate from this President.  Don't come back in a year or two and try to rewrite history.
Its time to repeal and replace the garbage that is Rob Portman!
Congress sold out the American people to corporations created to rob the poor and give to the rich. Traitors! Whores! Puppets!
What can you expect? Obamacare was a compromise doomed to fail. Universal Health Careis the ONLY way to go. People taking care of people.
Wonder how many have died since @realDonaldTrump divulged classified intel to Russians? Doesn't bother Portman.... #ConManRob
You are wrong.  Just plain wrong.  Shame on you for giving DJT a pass on all his blunders.
It IS working for the people I know.   My son.   My friend.  Talk to real people.
Stop pretending you care about opioid crisis in Ohio. Supporting Trumpcare will decimate crucial treatment for addiction. You're all talk!
"Okay, guys, lets tweak a couple things in the bill so we can pretend to care while still getting a massive payout for insurance companies."
Hope you're going to stand up to Trump
There's a lot not working....where is your position on Trump/Russia connection? U can't be silent!! This is worse than drug problem!!!
The healthcare Rob says is so important wouldn't continually cover children with cancer- they would have a maximum lifetime benefit
single payer system is needed if for profit ins co's refuse to participate.  This might change their minds.
TrumpRyancare millionaires' relief plan is not a Healthcare plan.ACA,  work with the dems to adjust.
The healthcare Rob wants would not cover mental health.
There are too many bigger things that aren't working right now (i e the pres, democracy...) fix these--country before party (&town hall!)
Are you also leaking classified information to Russian nationals? Do you support Trump's decision to give code word info to the Russians?
The #GOP is being awfully quiet about Trump leaking classified information. Is this the new normal?
Rob Portman, why do you stand behind traitor Trump?
Hows about Rob starts standing up to Don the Con and demand a independent prosecutor to investigate his ties with Russia
PS/Quo not working because Toad sabotage. How much stock you buy in the Aetna/Humana merger deal made to k-y KY before McCuntall pep rally?
Read this Op-Ed which says you are all Bobbleheads.
The US has the lowest number of uninsured people today because of the #ACA. It works, but it neeeds improvement, not more #GOP sabotage.
How about the status quo on presidents? How's that working? Are you proud?
Nice start.  Why not advocate for - what you have - the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan??  Best option around.
ACA undermined by Repubs who didn't pay promised grantee, charged too low penalty and Aetna playing games. Fix it!
I'm one of many clients of Concord Counseling Services in Westerville, OH worried about losing our expanded Medicaid coverage. #anxiety
Fix ACA. it can work to bring costs down & cover more ppl. High risk pools don't work. ppl with pre-existing conditions will be priced out.
Stop. We can read. And think.
Might be yr last chance to get on right side of history. If you defend/rationalize for 45 yr days in DC numbered.
When are you going to switch and start running as a democrat?
Dems don't want him. He's been. bought and paid for.
Corporate shill.
Maybe instead of focusing on taking healthcare away from millions u work on impeaching trump b4 he hands the keys to the WH to Putin.
What about Russia? Trump? When will you address your constituents' concerns?
That seems like a good start, but I've been burned by your liepants before. #TownHall #answeryourphonesrob #areyouscaredofusrob
@senrobportman, #Disappointed you offered no fixes. ACA is working. Incr the subsidies and indv mandate penalties. Ditch tax cuts for rich!
Excellent.  Now think National Health Care.  Insurance companies and Big Pharma are part of the problem.
Insurance company interferes with Doctors.  They should not be able to override what he thinks I need.
Trump admin not working.
Yet tonight you screened out questions about women's health and Planned Parenthood. We need to know how you will support us.
No business until Trump is thoroughly investigated!! Why don't you care about America?
No posts confirmed, no bills passed, no FBI Director until Russia is investigated.  If Trump was a Democrat you'd have him in jail by now..
I'm much more interested in today's @washingtonpost, Senator. If their story is confirmed, what will you do about it?
Yes Senator Portman, will you start impeachment process b4 trump hands the WH keys to Putin?  Impeach his @ss.
Right. Because we should trust YOU, who sold out our children's education for $51,000 and our lives for spite and bigotry.
The GOP is perfectly willling to murder your families to protect the money of their 400 billionaire donors.
Republicans are sure to make it worse. Single payer get big insurance out and help Americans for change. Vote dem 2018

Last seven days: 
Senator Portman is once again addressing the biggest issue tonight in Washington! A special prosecutor should be seated immediately...
So your only problem with the proposed healthcare bill is the Medicaid aspect? Is this a joke
If you read your replies on Twitter then you would know how UNhappy your constituents are and YOU WOULD LISTEN TO US!
And the Health care plan that you Republicans want is not going to work either
 Senator you've ignored your constutuents for too long. It's become apparent that your poor stewardship & self-serving disgusts us.

#OH2
So don't use any of the AHCA.
Because the GOP keeps destabilizing it with their constant attacks on the ACA..we're not stupid!!!
Why don't you have a townhall and see what the people think #coward #parrotthepartyline #trumpisyourlegacy
Are you willing to give up ur seat on committee so a woman can take your place? Why can't we have a peer representative?
TY for taking a deep, reflective look and coming up with a plan to protect Americans. Hope you do the same with Articles of Impeachment.
Revealing top secret info=impeachment
Nice try, but sooner or later you and the @GOP are going to have address the problem of @POTUS
Life, auto, health,& home owners insurances are individual's responsibility not tax-payers! Taxes=redistribution=enabling=theft=EVIL!MAGA!
This article answered very few of questions.  I ask for a Town Hall so this and other topics could be discussed.  Request no. 5
gfy portman
#Russia
And we have 13 white guys working on a plan that have no idea about women's health!  Tell me how you 13 white guys are gonna get this done??
I am responsible for my health! No one else, stop making tax-payers enable others irresponsible choices. Insurances are a choice not a right
Trump.  Russia.  TrumpRussia.
Buddy why the hell are you tweeting about this
Did you piss off a temp or something? Seems like a highly unusual time to be tweeting about this stuff, and in rapid succession ...
1) Rome is currently burning
2) The #AHCA is an amputation of an operable limb
You are busy on Twitter tonight discuss everything but the issue of the moment. Haven't you heard the news? #TrumpLeaks
It's not a leak, the faucet is gushing.  Where's the GOP response?  Start impeachment process.
Your op-ed will carry more weight when you stand up and refuse to vote for whatever raft of garbage gets put to vote.
what are you actually doing?
it's not working because of private health insurance. single-payer is the way forward.
Trump reveals classified info to Russians in Oval Office, and Portman still wants to take away your health care! #Traitor
So, um, hey, Senator, you might want to check the news and see if there's something else you should be tweeting about right now.
Could you just utter one word ? Firing Comey was horribly done and wrong ? The Whitehouse is a hot mess ?  one republican stand up for truth
Then grab that gauntlet and make it happen
Something's not working, you. As your constituent, I insist you address the POTUS's discussion of classified Intel with a geopolitical enemy
Impeach
I guess our premiums will continue to rise with obamacare, just admit you want to keep it already and save us the headache
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.83
