Did you try to explain that to the mentally ill man in the White House? Or whatever Trump property he is making money from?
Consequences for Trump and his staff who colluded or attempted to collude w Russia, also critically important.
but "sanctions are congress's fault", what say you to the Ruskie enabler in the White House #GOPPotusTraitor?
#Ohio wants to know!
how can you tout sanctions when the POTUS don't even acknowledge Ruskie interference in our elections?
Hell he's covering it up!
#ohio
History will remember the #Republican Party most harshly.
#Lie #Cheat #Steal even commit #Treason long as we can #RobFromPoorAndGiveToRich?
yeah for failint he working americans and not repealing Obamacare and obstructing the @POTUS agenda
fan of Repealing the ACA? wanna put over 1m Ohioans off insurance?
Want to make 22m lose insurance?
What other agenda Traitor got?
And Lo Jesus said to the disciples, go out and heal the sick, but only if they got the cheddar.
There there's the always popular,
If you have 2 coats and your brother has none, F em cause you need 3!

The "Right" is not #Christian
The Christian community will always help someone in NEED
You need to do your job and hold your @POTUS accountable.  He has made a mockery of our institutions and you do nothing.  Country over party
Yes, completely agree with you, senator
Yeah, right. How about the "bad behavior" on our own shores.
(THREAD) Trump's "Real News" show—Trump TV—is state-sponsored propaganda like what Kim uses in North Korea. It's vile. RETWEET if you agree. 

Things that were "added later": New Testament, every Constitutional amendment ever, the "under God" part of the pledge, seatbelts, airbags… https://twitter.com/christinawilkie/status/892827945236144130 …
Thanks for finally omitting Ukraine from tweets like these and finally acknowledging Russia also attacked us!
Yeah, you must have consequences for your behavior too, Rob.

#WeWillReplaceYou

#ShameOnPortman
#REALTownHallNOW
Yes we will! Do we know who's running against him? I will absolutely campaign for them! #WeWillReplaceYou
Too far off to know who yet, but WE WILL NOT FORGET!

#FindANewJobRob
No we won't! I usually don't campaign especially for senators but I'm going to now! #FindANewJobRob #WeWillReplaceYou
Just like you will have consequences for voting to end healthcare on a bill you didn't even want to become law. You lead from behind Rob.
Consequences for bad behavior...if only
How do you feel about sanctions for Trump's bad behavior?
What about consequences for tge Circus Peanut that partnered with Russia in that bad behavior?
You may want to get off your ass and do something about this president!!! And also by the way leave my health care alone!!!
Time to call to #ImpeachTrumpNow
Your just like the Dems. Can't say Russia had interference in the election. NO votes were hacked, no Russia voting, they just expose truth
You are going to be punished for not listening & trying to take our healthcare away! You won't be elected again!
did you check this out with @realdonaldtrump as he was just so anxious to sign this Russian sanctions that passed 98-2?
Yeah sure, why would the two most powerful nations on the planet want to get along? What possible good could come from that? #RussiaHoax
So the president admitted to sexual assault. When will Congress hold him accountable?
Stop scapegoating a foreign country for your own corruption and failures
@POTUS needs consequences for his bad behavior as well, @senrobportman. Please get on that ASAP.
The Republicans must have consequences.
You voted to keep Obamacare...you can't be trusted.
What about consequences for your bad behavior
In that case, we need to sanction the President of the United States, Scott Pruitt, Ajit Pai and most of the republican party.
Congress should have consequences for its bad behavior
How about you get to work on repeal and replace Rob.
It is the Executive Branch that handles foreign policy.  Once again Congress oversteps their authority.  Work on Repeal & Replace instead.
Block me bro. I dare you.
You're so fucked dude. Might as well not even run for re-election.

The bombing of Dar Al Farooq Islamic Center, during morning prayers, is a despicable act. Relieved no one was hurt. http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/investigators-seek-suspects-minnesota-mosque-bombing-49063579 …
Now do something about the other dangers engendered in Trump administration- white supremacy- voter suppression- attack of 4th estate
State sponsored disinformation- encouragement of police brutality- the  attempts to grind down the weakest among us- the list is endless!
How about consequences for the SCROTUS??? SAD!!!
It was a burglary. Just like Watergate was a burglary, the DNC files were a burglary. Criminal, not bad behavior!
wheres the consequences for trumps bad behavior.
POTUS STILL won't even admit that Russia is an enemy, State Dept. an absolute mess, Tillerson can't stand up to Russia either. #Untenable.
Wow "the eighties are calling they want their foreign policy back".
So what are the consequences for those that were/are colluding with Russia? Here's looking at you DJT.
You need to convince the President that they attacked us by trying to interfere w/ our election - whether or not there was collusion.
Agreed, Senator Portman. Your statement applies to POTUS as well. Congress must stop enabling him.
Could you just possibly post what the bad behavior was?
Wait a minute. Our president doesn't think that the Russians interfered. Blasphemy.
How about US Senators?
Well aren't you pretending to be brace today? You showed your true colors. #traitor


For what. What happen to  innocent until  proven guilty
Yeah, right! Why do McConnell and Ryan and many republicans take money from Russians? The GOP is now the Party of Putin.
Regardless of your new found concerns your vote on health care has sealed your fate. Kissing trumps ass was not wort it. Enjoy unemployment!
U daily reminder u voted to take healthcare away from 22M Americans. Will remind u everyday until I vote against U in 2022.
and most working American's will not be happy until Obamacare is repealed
there was medicare for those who didn't work before Obamacare sure it will be there after they repeal it


What about the 80 million Tillerson rejected for out National Security??
Nice try Portman, appealing to YOUR voters! Might wanna update your resume, & memorize: want FRIES wit dat?!! Waitin for a real GOP replacmt
But your hero said the sanctions were unconstitutional.
Does this mean US should be sanctioned for interfering in say Israeli elections Senator? In addition, Americans want to see proof/evidence
If he felt the same way about N. Korea & Russia, he wouldn't have signed that bill in secret. Thanks for jumping on the bandwagon again.
Taking meaningful steps to increase our cyber security, voter integrity should be our priority.

"This is the health care story that nobody talks about.” Thanks to @SteveKoff for this important read. http://www.cleveland.com/nation/index.ssf/2017/08/trump_administration_wants_to.html …

This physician/insurance company CEO says that #ACA isn't failing.
It's being sabotaged by Trump.
…

Watch this Canadian doctor own a GOP senator on universal health care in 2014 
the people who put the republicans in office do NOT want universal healthcare or Obamacare

On this day in 1965, LBJ signed the Voting Rights Act into law, to guarantee African Americans the right to vote. 
Victim of war 
Pictures say more than a thousand words 
And you should face consequences for lying to your constituents.
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/893260212731129857 …

Your tweet said, "I'm not on vacation!"
An hour later...
#SundayMorning
#AMJoy 

President Trump says the term #Emoluments doesn't refer to all his profits. So we checked every dictionary we could find from 1604-1806. 
so why don't you impeach the problem in the WH. Haven't heard you say anything bad about him yet. We have spies in the WH.
Good old spineless Rob! Paying lip service then falling right in line with trump. 2022, I won't forget!
FIXED IT 4 U!
TRUMP'S bad behavior MUST have consequences for his bad behavior.  That's what the grand jury is about.
Fixed it 4 me! 

FIXED IT 4 U!
TRUMP must have consequences for his bad behavior.  That's what the grand jury is about.
What about consequences for the president and his family for their role in Russians  hacking our election? Don't  be a hypocrite
You got any proof??? Seems to be lacking in this narrative


You haven't produced any evidence Russia meddled in our election. Must think we have stupid written accross our faces.

This is how the displaced ppl in #Rakban camp close to the Jordanian borders live, in a sand storms and inhuman being conditions. 



Pictures say more than a thousand words 


Specifically what behavior are you talkiong about? Are you saying they stole the DNC emails? 

Be specific when dealing with our lives.
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/885196341143511040 …

Today marks the anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, but five decades later voter suppression laws still threaten access to the polls. 

"In Kostroma, a man in plainclothes, who was a police officer, cut an eyebrow at the activist of the Navalny"
 http://7x7-journal.ru/anewsitem/97413  
Thank you. Now please have the same conviction with our health care.

Opposition leader Alexei Navalny says he has 50-50 chance of being killed by Putin http://trib.al/yPiUzoK 



With almost half a million dead and over 1.6 million injured you are never likely to run dry of pictures of Assad's war crimes 




Any response? Yes what are consequences for not fulfilling campaign promises???


The fake president is the number one fan of Putin and Russia. Yet you do nothing about him. #fraud #resign
#NoRefugeeBan
#NoMuslimBan

Syrian refugees in Bulgaria 
