I really enjoy when you pretend to be non partisan.
After not voting for over a year, you voted on the wrong name! Why did you ignore "the will of the people"? 3 mil chose Garland!
The End, didn't justify the Means!!
Yet you had to change the voting threshold to get him confirmed. Some consensus builder he must be. #*Gorsuch
Let's just ignore that the SCOTUS ruled on 3/22 - unanimously - that the Gorsuch ruling on Thompson v. Luke. P in 2008 was wrong.
And then Gorsuch proceeded to defend it by dishonestly claiming he was bound by circuit precedent. Should enamor him to his new colleagues.
Illegitimate Justice of an illegitimate president
Shame on you. Pathetic
The GOP owes everyone an explanation for why Garland never got a vote. That's not democracy. What's the explanation?
Good luck building consensus with this crowd.  Some "bi-partisan" vote he got!
#frozentrucker 8-0 #autism #citizensunited
Consensus building is not the purpose of a jurist: he should argue the case for upholding laws and the Constitution. Period.
This whole thing is a joke.It's like I was playing yatzee and didn't have the highest score,so I changed the rules so that my low score won
You should be ashamed of yourself. @GOP the grand old party of #Cheaters Like your elephant  I will not forget. #disgusted
So what's the plan if trump is found to be a traitor? We still gonna roll with this guy for the next 30 yrs?
repulsed that you would even put this out publicly. How stupid do you think voters of Ohio are?
Supreme court unanimously over turned his 10th circuit decision in Special Ed standard. Not consensus of Spec Ed Parents.
Stolen seat damages credibility of the Court
This is not the will of the people. *sigh*. When will the GOP wake up?!
I hope he's better than my expectation.
I still don't understand. If you don't like legislating from bench (which I don't even know what that means) how is consensus helpful? #law
Get over it already. We don't believe you and know you play for pay. So disappointed.
But were they the right decisions?? Or did he simply capitulate to the other judges??
You'll always be remembered for violating your oath to uphold the Constitution. That's your legacy, Rob.
We'll see how many of our rights are eroded with his confirmation.
Bullshit, stop trying to justify yourself to us. If he was a good judge he would have called you out on how you got him confirmed you theif
He's also a man who ruled against a truck driver for not staying with his truck when it broke down because he would have FROZEN TO DEATH.
He broke the law and got away with it too.
No one is buying what ur selling.  You got him there by cheating #REPUBLICANSCHEAT
Attended your tele-town hall.  You said you didn't want the Senate to become the house.  Oh well.
And his checks clear the bank real fast, right? Portman for sale!
You could have used that same quote for Garland. You chose to put Party Before Country. Obama was elected for 4 years not 3. Hypocrite!
It's just that he values corporations over people. I find that problematic and now we get him for his lifetime. Swell.
but he also considers a corporation a person in eyes of law. Voters will remember this betrayal of senate rules #sadDayforUS
Defend yourself now, but how you will you feel when he decides against LGBTQ rights, women and workers w/out empathy?
So much of a consensus builder that you had to change the rules to get him in? When is your next town hall?
Merrick Garland has a distinguished record.
Yep, just ask the truck driver who should have died for his job. Tell me about his decision the Supreme Court overruled
Sad that Republicans had to change the rules to steal a seat on SCOTUS.
Your support of the blockade of Merrick Garland was needless and shameful, and will taint all else you have done or will do as a Senator.
that still doesn't justify the nuclear option!
You're a party lap dog and tool who doesn't listen to his constituents. HOLD A TOWN HALL DURING THE RECESS
And you bought it! Senator, I know of a Nigerian Prince who needs to move his fortune to the US. Should I hook you two up?
One victory tweet was enough. Your party won, no need to gloat.
He finds in the favor of corporations repeatedly.  We want a townhall!  You represent us!  #WhereIsPortman
He has a terrible record. Ohio's consensus was NO. It's a sad day for women, workers, special needs families& people with a heart or brain.
You destroyed Senate rules and traditions of democracy for this. We will not forget.
@senrobportman while I appreciate your service to Ohio & U.S. , your willingness to abandon consensus on lifetime appt is shocking!
Do you care what your constituents think? You've made it clear that you aren't listening to us. I
You can stop with the propaganda now, you managed to get him on the court.
He is the product of unconstitutional, malfeasant Republican actions. #StolenSeat
Keep telling yourself that. I guess you don't care about your gay son's rights or the rights of women.
like the consensus he built in the Senate?
Town hall. Now. And don't pick and choose who's aloud to attend again that disgraceful.
This was a bad idea and we all know it. You are not representing me- do better.
Party over country again.
Well, corporations & wealthy sure do like him. With good reason. Gorsuch will corrupt the intent of the constitution.
He was nominated by a president who is actively being investigated by the FBI. Disgraceful.
The current Court unanimously struck down one if his decisions. Your point?
the consensus is that you are a terrible Senator, Ron
Ashamed! I'm a constituent..u seriously don't care this is a tainted stolen seat?! Rs bully pulpit WILL END! #Hypocrites
You sir, are a threat to democracy. I can't wait until 2022.
*Gorsuch
You waged a petty & unjust smear campaign against Merrick Garland & Pres. Obama in an ongoing assault on democracy. Justice?
REALLY @senrobportman ? NO CONFIRMATION! Waiting until after we see what happens to @realDonaldTrump after the investigation. #NoGorsuch
The only consensus is he's a right wing fascist.
We're just gonna go ahead and ignore one of his rulings about disabled children being overturned by SCOTUS during his confirmation hearings.
Judge Asterisk Gorsuch
