Better find your voice sir!! The world is watching and History won't be kind. This isn't normal
Thanks for trying to be a voice of reason. It's reassuring based on the insanity in just the first 10 days of Trump admin.
I'm a constituent and so glad you're a voice of reason on these two topics!
thank you for a thoughtful response.  Would love to know how you plan on voting on sessions & DeVos
it might help to not call those of us concerned about the EO "hysterical."
You're confusing hysteria for justified outrage in some of our voices. I was hoping for more in yours...
Very eloquent. Finally the adults in the room are on the case!  Proud of Ohio.
You need to stand up Mr. Portman. #Ohio #nomuslimban
Yes maybe we need to improve the visa program but will that keep us safe?. Never forget Newtown Senator.
I say with all respect Senator, put your money where your mouth is. Take a stand against Trump.
Keep the Fight Portman knock some sense into the other Rep. this is Ridic!
should be stronger against muslim ban.  Other Rep were -  no $ for better vetting? forget the wall
thank you for being a voice of reason amidst the madness #trump #resist #muslimban #executiveorder #dangertosociety
Thank you for speaking out and recognizing that this ban does not support American values. #NoBanNoWall @CNNSotu @jaketapper
BZ SenP & MrT. Best Sunday discussion of Muslim ban/presidential order of as the shows. Substance.
I hope Senator that you are concerned about the events within the White House over the last week.
It's time to put country over party, Senator Portman. There's more at stake here than future votes. Keep speaking out.
Just watched interview.. very happy he will oppose sanctions lift.. GOOD interview..WE CANNOT COMPROMISE VALUES
thank you for speaking out
Sure do wish we could have a do over with your election. COWARD
Time to stand up for the values that made you want to be a politician in the first place. Freedom over authoritarianism.
thank you for being proactive with reasonable legislature on existing sanctions and being willing to try to override a veto
Where was Rino Portman with the overreach of Obama. Hiding along with other Rinos because Obama,masonbk
That the EO doesn't speak to American values is the exact leadership I've been hoping for from Portman
Delightful to hear such good sense from a politician. Following.  @senrobportman @CNNSotu @jaketapper
Great... Now act. Don't be a victim to Donald Trump's bullying.
WOW, the senator I always call with a quivery voice thinking "he's not gonna agree with me on anything ever..." THANK you!
Most of us Ohioans who voted for @realDonaldTrump also voted for you. We EXPECT you to support him and what WE voted for!
So I guess you really are a RINO after all Senator. Now i am sorry i voted for you
This is terrifying for our country. What qualifies him for such a position?
Portman, either stand up for America's values or don't. Trump's actions are wrong. Stand up and say so!
I think your criticism of the ban should  be stronger, but I am glad that at least you believe it is flawed.
disappointed you did not go further into denouncing this attack on religious freedoms. (1/2)
real leadership would have been an aggressive denouncement combined with an apology to @ClevelandClinic doc
Donald Trump is mentally ill. I really can't understand how people can't see that? Impeach Trump, plz
thank-you Senator Portman for speaking for speaking out against this travesty.
yes.  You called me an extremist. I'm 66. Voted in every election since 68. I care deeply about freedom.
hmmm man up
Thank you for putting America first & standing against the #MuslimBan! Wish more politicians had balls. @CNNSotu @jaketapper
Thank you senator!
Appreciate your call to slow things down and approach this in a more practical and measured way. Thank you, Senator

Stand up to these unlawful methods. We  are a govt of laws, not of a man. This constituent is watching your job performance.
good thing @CNNSotu @jaketapper didn't ask about your attendance rate for the Committee, or you would've had ZERO credibility
Prove you're not actually a coward and turn your words into action! #MuslimBan is a disgrace!
Thank you for standing by your principles and speaking out against this.  We need more leaders to do this
Thank you for being reasonable but we need to address legislation to attack this exec order.
@Haole_josh
We are a nation bound by shared values. You must vote against DeVos the enemy of public education.
If you have a soul vote against Senator Sessions. It is a matter of national interest not local.
Thank you Senator Portman for being a voice of reason in a sea of bigotry and hypocrisy!  Ohio is proud!
Coward coward coward to stand up to this
congressional Matter not a EO by a POTUS who is making choices based on his businesses. Kleptocracy.
Thank you. When will your legislation be introduced and does this impact your vote on Tillerson?
to stand up to this lunacy. You are smart enough to know that. This is morally wrong. This should be a
Senator thank you for being reasonable but don't fool yourself it is a Muslim ban.  The Congress needs
Not bad, Senator. A little more passion directed against Trumpian insanity would be nice ... but not bad.
Your party has been hijacked by sociopaths, Senator. We need your leadership.
Time to Tell @POTUS stop the ban #noban @OH3voters @OHDems
@SaraMurray @CNNSotu @jaketapper Senator Portman = Thanks for your thoughtful leadership on these matters
Congrats to you, Flake and McCain for being dependable RINOs for CNN.
Stand against Trump and his immoral and probably illegal executive order.
unless your word translate to action you and your party are complicit in the destruction of democracy
.@senrobportman @CNNSotu @jaketapper Pls cont to stand up against tryanny. Pls be one of the rational republicans. Our lives depend on it.
