Please back up your words and speak out against Trump/Bannon. #NoH8
How hypocritical for you to say this as you support #45.  His campaign was based on hate and it continues from the...
We are seeing a rise in domestic terrorism since the election. Please do more than pray.
except for every cabinet member you have voted in and the president you support. That's where our hate resides.
Please stop enabling the author of this hate - Trump and his lackeys are a disgrace, and their rhetoric spurs crazies on.
Thank u!  I hope Senate has a hidden agenda to stop hate from Trump.  Only reason for silence is u agree w agenda
he does not have the balls. Follow mr McCains lead, one of the few in GOP with integrity
I whole heartedly agree. This is a terrible tragedy and we must speak out against hate and and work to prevent it.
Make sure you keep saying this in DC.
Thank you for speaking out on this. Please make sure our president understand your message here.
If you really believe this, you must speak out for all immigrants. Your Ohio constituents want you to oppose DJT.
and what about the Muslim ban that #45 tried to implement? Doesn't that count as hate? You call yourself a Christian?
Will you stand against domestic #terrorists like the one that killed him?
Glad to hear you speak out against hate crimes. We need leadership right now.
.@senrobportman Then do something about the hate spewing from the White House on the daily.  Your words are insincere and ineffective.
Votes speak louder than prayers. You must fight against Bannon and Trump, who promote hate, racism, islamophobia, & violence
Whitehouse.  How about the bomb threats and graffiti against our Jewish Americans! Shouldn't you care about that too?
Thank you. Please keep standing up against racism&hate. Our leaders must work to combat this. The WH is the source.
Thanks for speaking out. What are legislation are you working on to deal with this increase in hate crimes? #NoHate
yet you vote for Trump's cabinet picks and have yet to denounce him.  Your actions speak louder than your words.
you are full of it Portman.
The Republican Southern Strategy and behavior since then encourages and rewards that hate. Change your party's nature.
But white supremacy in the WH is ok, bc that's what you've accepted? Hate, racism & fascism save me your moral high road b.s.
Can you ask @Potus for prayers? An end to this rash of hate crimes? Attacks against JCCs?
When will you have the backbone to stand up to President Bannon and Trump. They inspire hate and fear.
by a poster boy for president Trump's "build a wall" teabaggers.
Maybe instead of praying you could actually DO something that affects the world.  Like improving education and healthcare.
you need to speak up to Potus.  There is no place for this, but your man isn't doing anything to stop or prevent
fear and hatred spewed from the President encourages acts like this.  I voted for you and hope you hold him accountable
So please stop supporting the madness that feeds this hate. U can do better.
you have to be kidding me, Senator. #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxes
HA! Hate mongering and fear is not healing. Your job to DO SOMETHING, stop #45 and #presidentbannon. It's top down
all your posts are hate mongering
I disagree with the Senator on nearly every issue beside this; Hatred has no place in civilized society. Life is precious.
How about action instead of prayers? Oppose the hate-inspired policies of the Trump administration. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
So you're going 2 denounce Trump, Bannon & other GOP? Wait 'til the trans and gay hate kicks into gear.
.@senrobportman @KCStar better late than never that you said something about this? Speak up louder: you're supposed to be our voice!
don't forget Ian Grillot #Iangrillot
Too bad your president can't speak up. He is a little slow, just learned that health care is complicated.
praying is literally the least you can do to deal with the dramatic rise in hate crimes. Maybe talk with #PresidentBannon?
clearly you were outraged, five days later. You hypocrite.
Then why don't you denounce the racist divisive tactics of 45 and the GOP!!
And yet you support a President who has fostered an environment where this is the new normal. Shame.
Thanks for thoughtful words, how about words against those marketing the hateful words & policies (GOP, White House)?
As my senator, speak up to the administration with your clear statement ... no place for hate for any people, religion, etc
then demand white nationalist Steve Bannon be removed from the White House
Well said Senator, no place for hate in our society.  Please oppose  the "haters" in our White House, eg Bannon.
you have the power and the responsibility to help do something about this. Stop ignoring what's going on.
Thank you for standing up and denouncing this!  But we are waiting for you to show your backbone to @realDonaldTrump...
Thank you for condeminig this #HateCrime #Ohio senator. #Trump hasn't yet! @WhiteHouse needs to stop igniting racism! #noban
Thank you for speaking up. Please use your voice to speak out gainst hate. To the vulnerable silence = indifference.
Do you support the President's ban and comments re: Muslims? What about mass deportations? They create environment of hate.
No there is not.  OR for cabinet picks that want to destroy the department they now head.
thank you for taking this stand
Are you planning to do something or just whisper “Kansas” with eyes closed and hands clasped? How will you fight hate today?
.@senrobportman @KCStar You waited 5 days? Do not delay in calling out #POTUS who says 0. #Americans must condemn #GUNviolence & #hatecrimes
Gather your allies and denounce the actions of this administration. GOP must stand up to WH, put country b4 party.
I agree with you 100%!  Now stand up to the #1 perpetrator of hate in our country!!!!
Thanks for your words. Now stop the hate by speaking out against Trump , Bannon et al
Thank you for the kind words Please stand up to 45 and put an end to the hatred created by #Trump  #StopPresidentBannon
Your votes and positions on issues support what happened in Olathe. Save your prayers for bedtime and stand up to Trump.
if you are sincere, you will stop using phrases like "false news."
Are you sure there's no place for hate? You seem to be fine with the hate spewing from the White House. Please DO something.
and yet here you are, supporting Trump and his moves. You're all talk, Robert. All talk.
It’s about time. Did you get a taking to yesterday? So what will you do about it?
Thank you for your kind words. You need to stand up against the divide and conquer policy of the WH.
why doesn't Mr. Donald say this. He has encouraged hate, he's responsible!!
It took you five days to tweet this? This wasn't a buried story. And yet you won't condemn the source of that hate in the WH.
I'm not a Portman fan; but where are your Tweets to the GOP members who STILL haven't commented? Nothing? Yeah.
The longer you fail to stand up to the president, the more innocent Americans like Srinivas will die. Do. Your. Job. 45069
.@senrobportman No place except in the WH—and in the Senate. Have you forgotten your votes? I haven’t. Prayers=nothing. Actions=everything.
Appreciate you speaking up. There are some things we all agree on.
Nor pre-judging based on a characteristic different from one's own; ethnicity, religion, current gender, sex pref...
sure there is. It's called the whitehouse.
Late-but, thank you.
, u are a hypocrite. Until u disavow @realdonaldtrump and his un-American agenda no one wants to hear from u!
Prayers are great. But so is speaking out against the hate spewed by the #Trump administration. Oh, and better gun laws.
.@KDuBayGillis @senrobportman Yes!  Speak up and speak out against 45's hateful rhetoric!  People are dying...
Then stop supporting a leader who promotes hate. Nutjobs feel empowered by him.
Nice that you acknowledge - now may be you can get our President to so the same.
Prayers for family!
If there is no room for hate, please listen to your constituents who are calling you. #StopPresidentBannon #TownHall #Ohio
Your party thrives on fear/hate.
Please tell @realDonaldTrump this...and get Bannon out of the White House!
Thank you for speaking about this incident. Our leaders must stand up against hate EVERY single time. Tell the President!
Why don't you #standup to this administration, their hateful rhetoric and policies? It's encouraging hate crimes. #youcanhelp
having Steve Bannon in the White House will only embolden these radicals. We need more from you than condemnation.
except in the White House apparently. We won't forget that you neglected to stand up to this administration. #DumpPortman2022
But you support having Brannon in the WH so words--action mismatch.
then stand up to this administration. You can say this then support his divisiveness. Unless you are a hypocrite
