I'm an Ohio voter who is disgusted that you took $1.4 mil from NRA then "pray" for gun victims. You are a hypocrite.
then why do you accept $ from NRA and refuse to support common sense gun laws? Thoughts and prayers only go so far.
Your heart is black.
19th GOPer to tweet #thoughtsandprayers

he got$1,412,819 from@NRA 2support expanding gun access which makes shootings like this more likely https://twitter.com/senrobportman/status/817468927890587650 …
You successfully disarmed each and every one of the victims and instituted a 100% gun ban at the airport.
Antirights & a homophobe.
Quite the set you've got there.
Bro, that $1.4M could help buy lots of health insurance for shooting victims. Convenient timing.
thoughts & prayers are not enough. You need to DO something about gun violence @hilarybama @MomsDemand @onetoughmother1
OH just passed guns in airports.Losing 91Americans/day isNOT enough 2do more than pray?
any thoughts on gum control?   Help for mental illnesses?   I'm not being sarcastic.  Genuinely asking
BS, if you really cared you wouldn't have taken over $1 million donations from NRA
Keep up the good work young man. Thanks for all you do.
you are in a position to take guns out of the hands of the mentally ill, yet you continue to support the NRA!
Useless,heartless NRA puppet
If your heart really goes out to the victims, your do something about the guns. Otherwise they are just empty words. #hack
Your previous thoughts and prayers haven't helped so far so why would these? We need common sense gun reforms.  #DoYourJob
that doesn't help the problem. Do something.
Wow, these comments are rough. Sadly not convinced you'll support reform to curtail gun violence.
rob, This is a good chance to use that $1.4million(!) NRA money for hospital/funeral costs for victims. #thoughtsandprayers
do something then!  How much have you received form @NRA ?
he got$1,412,819 from@NRA 2support expanding gun access which makes shootings like this more likely
maybe you could take a break from prayers and pass him reform? #sensiblegunlaws
Prayers are important. Pls also consider legislation 4 federal $ to research gun violence for the public health crisis it is.
You can do something about gun violence but you choose to pocket NRA money instead. How do you sleep at night?
Senator Portman, treating gun deaths like the public health emergency it is will help us reduce death from fire arms
.@senrobportman I'm sorry you are so popular here in Ohio. I'm embarrassed 2 call you my Senator! Give some of your @NRA $ to fund victims!
why don't you get voted out?  Just don't understand. You're a hypocrite as is your entire party.
I don't know. He is hugely popular here. Had vicious fake ads running almost a year ahead of rival. Pd 4 by PAC's
YOUR PRAYERS MEAN ZERO! You are funded by @NRA. Legislate a bill to prevent this. But #NRA paid you $1.4 million for silence.
He votes against land conservation and animal rights also. We'd love to get him out. Got to get working on that!
This is all NRA gets for $1,412,819 last year? Do you have this tweet ready after every mass shooting?
#thoughtsandprayers
then stop taking NRA money and show some real empathy
we know you are in the Koch brothers pocket & the NRA - but are you in Trump's too? Trump who is in Putin's pocket.
Stop reacting with prayers. They're not doing shit. Do your job & get proactive to stop this mess. Are you prolife or not?
how much of the @NRA money go got is going to the families of the victims?
you know a woman brought a gun into a theater in Milford tonight? Not a big surprise since Ohio is open carry everywhere.
help me understand what you have done to keep guns out of the hands of people like this.......no wait, I know....nothing.
nope, you don't get to say anything but "sorry."  THE BLOOD IS ON YOUR HANDS
Change your gun laws and you'll have less shootings! 
Jesus, I can't believe Ohio reelected you. Well, I didn't, but...$1.4million? I think you're praying for other things than people's lives
Your "thoughts & prayers" are worthless. You took dirty gun $$$ from the NRA. Gun violence is on you.
stop taking blood $$ from the @NRA and pass gun safety laws. How do you sleep at night?
I can think of things you could do that would be more helpful than prayers.
You are a sad excuse for a senator.  NRA money that keeps your political career alive has put blood on your hands once again
how about doing something about gun control or mental health care instead of just sending thoughts and prayers?!
Surprised you can remove the @NRA from your ass long enough to offer a thought or a prayer.
I pray that politicians like you stand up for what's right rather than standing behind the NRA. You are killing us
you're praying? Again? You're legislative inaction disgusts me! 
Do you always pray for all the shooting victims especially the children or just when it's a big news story?
You aren't elected to pray, you are elected to legislate on behalf of the best interests of US citizens, do your job!
You are bought and paid for by the NRA.  You have blood on your hands.  #FortLauderdale
lol ok
@onelightstand1
Give back the $1.5 MILLION DOLLARS you've taken from NRA if you feel so badly. #Hypocrite
Over a million from  the NRA.  Easy so see who owns you.  Stop praying and act.
no more prayers. Action against the NRA you weak coward.
Maybe take less money from the NRA and advocate for gun control?
Or give the families of the victims some of the 1.4 million of your NRA blood money.
.@senrobportman Senator, your prayers mean nothing unless you take action to try and stop this from happening again.
You and your 1.4 million $$ from NRA are a big part of the problem. Fake prayers won't help the dead and wounded.
Wow, $1,412,819 in @nra blood money? You go Rob, that'll buy plenty enough Ambien to help you sleep at night.
. @senrobportman but YAY GUNS, RIGHT?!
You took 1.4 million from the NRA. You are complicit. Prayer won't bring them back.
I wish you were pro-life enough to oppose the slaughter of innocents with guns.
Prayers don't seem to be working. A perfect time for you to donate your NRA blood money to victims!
prayers don't stop bullets
For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also.
Prayers without action=meaningless tripe
nobody cares Rob,it is within your power to stop the multitude of guns in America. Try action not just prayers.
really?  You're bought and paid for by the NRA, & have the nerve to say you're praying?  You should be begging 4 forgiveness
You have no heart Rob. All you care about is money

Name one of them. You'll forget all about this in a couple of hours, if you haven't already.
How is your heart when you cash those checks from the NRA?
stop accepting contributions from the @nra. #thoughtsandprayers
do something. NOW

By "praying" you mean receiving more kickbacks from the @NRA ?

Tell me, how much do you get paid for each dead American?
Jane I'm sure gave you a handy for a cut of that NRA money
hahaha you are soulless and you know it. In the silent moments you hate your life, but NRA money helps numb the pain I'm sure
you're a fraud
Tell us again how much money you took from the NRA!!!! You have BLOOD on your hands for this!!!!!!
The fact you have taken large amounts of NRA makes you such a huge hypocrite. Do your job and back common sense gun laws!
So, do something meaningful. Stop taking $ from the NRA, and donate the million you've already rec'd to gun victims.
god doesn't care. We need earthly solutions.
you might as well have pulled the trigger for excepting that NRA blood money
1.4 million from NRA #NRACuck
#thoughtsandprayers  HYPOCRITE  How much did you get from the NRA?  Blood is on your hands
$1.4 million from the NRA is a good chunk of change. Perhaps you should give it to those victims.

you and Jane are rolling around in your million $ @NRA cash pile. Stop praying and smarten up.
got$1,412,819 from@NRA 2support expanding gun access which makes shootings like this more likely
You tweet this as you have currently made over a million $$ from the NRA. Yeah, prayers are not the answer here.
Hi! How about doing something able easy access to guns instead of just thoughts and prayers? #enough
What are you going to do to curtail this time of violence, because clearly thoughts and prayers aren't working!
is your heart funded by the NRA?
How far can your heart travel on the $1.4mm you took from the @NRA last year? #Hypocrite #Enough
How MUCH money have yo gotten from the NRA? My sources say 1.4 MILLION. Is that right?
Maybe you can start praying for these kind of shootings to not happen in the first place?
then do something about it. Enough.
