I noticed or should I say we noticed that you supported the skinny repeal death bill. Enjoy this term because it will be your last.
Are you ever ever going to be an American before your party????? This mentally ill man is running this country. The world is watching.
RESIGN TRAITOR.  REPEAL.
You voted to literally allow more Americans to die each year than have been killed in total by terrorists. #RepubliconChristian.

Their indifference to whether people live or die is stunning.
Thx for voting no on hc like we asked. Wait, uh......well you should have. Hmmm.....will it be worth it?
Time to vote you out.
Again..You are consistent with being a coward!
Good Morning, Baby Killer, your votes and broken promises will not be forgotten, you are in for a rough 5 yrs!
Some senators stood up for the people last night, others, like you, only cared about a GOP "win" in a hasty vote, consequences be damned.
In 1930 days I will remember the way you supported subpar legislation that had potential to leave many Ohioans without healthcare. #2022
Nothing on his vote to raise premiums and take away 19,000,000 people's health insurance though....
I believe you should do what you said you younwere gonna do for 7 years! #HealthCareVote #DoYourJob
Remember when you said you wouldn't vote tes without a CBO score?? We do.
Grow a pair Rob!
You voted yes. You don't care about Ohio. Done, done, done.
Your attentions are on wrong thing what happens with healthcare now#do your job
You could take a few lessens from Sen MCCAIN!
OMG stop with the nervous overcompensating for your decision to back Trump. You have a vote to give & it will be NO if you represent Ohio.
Eh, Mr.Portman! Could have been you in the news today as one of the Mavericks! But as expected, you cowardly curtsied to your Master again.
SHAME ON YOU FOR VOTING YES FOR SKINNY REPEAL
What would you designate the US? Invaded a few countries, supported terrorists and killed civilians.
Todays political history question goes to Mr Portman:

Who is in breach of more UNSCRs Rob?
Israel or North Korea?
(And you can use Google)
Stop tweeting this garbage. All we care about is health care.
@senrobportman"The “content” of the bill is not the point, says Senator Bob Corker, who calls it a “forcing mechanism.”" GAME, not democarcy
Every month useless health insurance bill sucks the life out of budget.  You are bear the responsibility of that. Glad your family convered.
There were only 3 Senators that voted NO on skinnycare and YOU were NOT one of them.  Ohioans will remember.
Portman is a shit bag.
Huge fans of Collins and Murkowski this morning-They have grit! You sir need to go spend time with friends and family & learn to love first
@senrobportman U can tweet bout op addiction 2 kingdom come, you PLAYED THE GAME. This is all a game at Americans' expense,Shame, shame on u
Call @senrobportman 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first & last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns #Trumpcare
John McCain saves the GOP from themselves.
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote. Brave - American hero! Thank you John.
If you vote yes on this healthcare bill Ohioans will not forget. We will back your opponents. Please remember your promise to us.
Absolutely! Hold these clowns accountable! Spread the word!
You sure are tweeting a lot about this sanctions bill. It would be awfully nice if that time was spent picking up the phone when we call
I agree I've tried /,several times Why isn't this time being spent/Health bill? Ohio voted Republican
We've got bigger problems to worry about. All this BS to draw attention from healthcare and now sickening limits on serving in the military!
Time to #RepealAndReplace @senrobportman you broke your promises how can we ever trust you?
your on health care fool
#Portman
Well Done!
We will never forget how you lied, deceived, and hid as you pushed for #TrumpCare and betrayed us Ohioans. #RepealPortman
And thank @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski and @SenJohnMcCain for giving you cover
Your voice mail box is full again.  Now that this shameful process is over, please work on a bi-partisan fix to ACA.
Thank you, Senator! Finally, you did the right thing and voted no! Whoops, sorry, my mistake, wrong account - thank you, @SenJohnMcCain!
You have no shame. #ACARepeal  #disgustedwithyou
SHAME ON YOU PORTMAN! You voted like a coward! If "health" bill had passed thousands of your constituents & other Americans would have died!
You voted for health care repeal and against Americas health. We will remember!
It's almost creepy to read all of the tweets begging you to do one thing and watching you do another, chilling
You have thrown Ohioans under the bus too many times. You need to #resign. It is clear that you do not represent us. You are a failure.
Coward. You can tweet up a storm but we all know it's because you tried to take our healthcare away.
I don't care what you believe on this issue, because I know you voted in favor of ripping health insurance from millions. #wewontforget
Of couse you voted yes on #SkinnyRepeal 
I'm so excited I'll be able to vote for your replacement! Your fire date is nearing rob.
Thank God for senators McCain, Collins, and Murkowski.
We were not distracted from healthcare
Hope Ohio fires you, nothing but  fraud
Saw your vote. 
Good bye.
The bill u voted yes on tonight would have lost 6M people their healthcare in 2018 + 6M employer plans lost NEXT YEAR!! Portman gone 2022!!
Oh and I will tweet this every day until 2022!
I believe you care nothing for us after voting that midnight mess of a bill.
It's HEALTH dummy. Vote NO on scam bills.
This is what actual Republican leadership looks like... Grow a spine. What bought your vote this time Rob?
One again you're not listening to Ohioans. You voted YES on skinny repeal and your constituents will not forget. #sellout
You voted to hurt rule Ohio you are hurting people on Healthcare you need to go
Looks like you were shown up by @SenJohnMcCain for the second time this week. #DoYourJobRob.
...Please vote no on this skinny bill. Put the people of the state of Ohio and the USA over party. Fix the ACA!!

If this bill dies tonight you will have wagered your political future for nothing. If the bill passes, is it even a win for you? Not Ohio.
Voted against REPEAL
Step down now. Ur a fraud
Please go the bipartisan route.
Vote no on the Skinny Bill.
Ohioans will thank you.
Senator, we are watching the Senate try to repeal the ACA and lie that the House did it. VOTE NO.

Finally! Not just 20% higher premiums 'next year' but 20% higher premiums EVERY YEAR. How many years can average person afford THIS? https://twitter.com/ASlavitt/status/890772417978806272 …
Even though you have 4 more years... I will put every ounce into unseating you! Wrong for Ohio! Why aren't you listening to the GOV!
#OHIO PLEASE VOTE BLUE! 2018!
NOT a word about healthcare
VOTE NO ON SKINNY REPEAL!
Please listen to your constituents! Vote NO on the skinny repeal. 45150
@senrobportman is a bad (sick) guy!  Risking healthcare coverage of hundreds of thousands of Ohioans-- how low can you sink?
Serious question: we all know the Kim regime has a terrible human rights record, but is there any actual evidence of NK terrorism?
End this madness, the stress of this insanity is traumatizing American citizens! VOTE NO on the skinny repeal!
other details....15 million would lose coverage in 2018...what child's eyes will you look into to explain why they will have to dievote NO
Forget that. What about health care?  People do things in the middle of the night because they're ashamed. This vote is an act of cowardice
Stop playing with our lives in the middle of the night. VOTE NO!
ALL OF THESE SHEEP WILL FALL IN LINE AND VOTE YES
#VoteNo Defunding PP and depriving millions of people from insurance is not freedom act, its #DeathbyGOP Act
My wife and I are concerned about our Medicaid coverage so please vote no on the bill
Skinny repeal is a frog please vote no
I meant  fraud  no I'm concerned about Medicaid coverage on the skinny repeal Bill
Vote no on the skinny repeal. This is crazy. 1/6 of economy and people's lives
Sen. Portman, please hear your own state's governor, and oppose this bill that will hurt your people. History will view you as courageous
He already said he was voting for the repeal! Give it up people!
Welp, you've succeeded in burying your healthcare "yes" vote decision far down in your twitter feed. Yes, poor decisions shld be buried.
2) Stop deflecting. You're not thinking about N Korea tonight & neither are we. #voteno on awful "skinny" bill. You're not fooling anyone.

**SIREN EMOJI***
CBO score says 6 million people will lose EMPLOYER-PROVIDED insurance in 2018 (next year!) under Senate bill. 
1) They delivered cots to the Senate b/c skinny bill, and you want us to belive that bill ISN'T what you're thinking about tonight? #voteno
Just another liar. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Rob Portman has shown his true colors.  Start looking for his replacement
Stop voting YES on TrumpCare.   It's incredibly loathed by the American people --- don't cave in to the least popular POTUS in history.
Why are you tweeting about sanctions when you should be on the Senate floor voting against the disastrous health care bill?
Could you pls focus on healthcare and vote NO for this poorly-thought-out weak attempt at ACA overhaul? You can do better than this!!
Are you listening to your constituents? Are you taking their calls? We care about our healthcare. Do you care about us?
Too busy to comment on healthcare bill? Voting in dead of night on plan you hate, hoping house will fix it is NOT leadership. U had   7 yrs!
If you vote yes consider yourself another member who crowned the bully King of the DEPLORABLES the former GOP 2018, 2020
Agree - now please vote against this terrible healthcare bill.
Vote NO on the repeal. Don't turn your back on Ohio to vote with your party.
Who's tweeting for u?  Get with the breaking news. Vote no on skinny repeal.
Do NOT vote for repeal tonight. "Skinny" repeal will raise premiums and cause Ohioans to lose coverage. Do NOT be a coward.
Vote no on skinny sneaky repeal
We Need you to take care of OH and USA citizens. VOTE NO on the ACA Repeal!! We should have the same healthcare as the congress.
"How are you improving health care when you throw 16 million people off health insurance and raise premiums 20% every single year?"
Wtf are you talking about? You are about to vote on super sketchy healthcare legislation that could permanently damage this country
Great. Where's the bill you're voting on tonight that effects MILLIONS????

@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @SenBobCorker @SenCapito @SenToomey @TomCottonAR @lisamurkowski  PEOPLES LIVES OVER POLITICS https://twitter.com/aarpadvocates/status/890761573270269952 …
#VoteNo #VoteNo #VoteNo #VoteNo #VoteNo #VoteNo #VoteNo #VoteNo
No skinny bill. No on repeal. No on replace. #FixACA #VoteNo #VoteNo
What about healthcare? Your timing on pumping up sanctions bill is transparent. Vote no on #SkinnyRepeal
Vote no on skinny bill
VOTE NO ON SKINNY REPEAL!!!
Your broken promises are a bigger threat than North Korea, Baby Killer!
Vote no on skinny bill.  This is not the answer and you know it.
I agree.
You are a Republican first, and an Ohioan second. What will it take??? How many Ohioans are you willing to throw under the bus?!
Pence: "I'm a Christian, a conservative, and a Republican, in that order." Not even an American. Rob & GOP all act this way. Self/GOP first.
Hey remember all that opiod money you were so concerned about adding this morning that swayed you?
@robportman The "skinny bill" made MASSIVE cuts for combatting the opioid crisis. When are you going to stand up to Senate Republicans???
@senrobportman The sanctions bill is an important discussion, that NO ONE cares to have tonight. Ohio's first need is heathcare. Vote NO!
Healthcare > North Korea

Fucks given are low on NK.
Focus...Vote NO on the Health Care "Freedom" Act. The only freedom is releasing almost 500K Ohioans from having healthcare. #SaveOurCare
It's not every day a Senator can doom thousands of his constituents to a premature death. Congratulations on your achievement.
can choose own healthcare don't need it forced on me. Just need reasonable premiums and quality care. I earn it.
Pay attention to what Portman and other @GOP senators are doing with this healthcare bill. They're showing you exactly who they are. Absurd
any stall tactics by @realDonaldTrump must lead to #impeachmentpapers for dereliction of duty!
Let's not forget where those who don't work get their $$, the working man. Time we keep the working man healthy.
Stop robbing the working man, stop taxing us to death then flaunt Medicaid in our faces while we do without. 
sick and tired of liberals calling hard working Americans who work long hrs to make $40,000 yrly rich, we're not.
we as working individuals need insurance we can choose ourselves and spend our own $$ we work hard for.
Your yes vote on this mess of a healthcare bill has me wondering how to get @JohnKasich to run against you. We need someone who listens

Remember when @senrobportman promised he wouldn't vote for a bill without a CBO score. Good times. Good times.
working families have gone without for way to long, happy to hear that things are moving forward .
I wish I had more time to post my comments but me, my family and friends work long hrs to get by.
Thank you for always picking up the phone when we call, you are doing great to support POTUS.
If you represent Ohio you will support Trump, me and my rather large circle of friends and family think so.
You've been a voice of reason in the past by voting against a bad HC bill. This one's worse. Please vote no. 16% approval rate. #44236
yes sir I most definitely agree..
Sounds like you're voting for skinny bill. You let veterans, elderly, low income and especially children down. It's going to be a long 5yrs.
Let's talk healthcare. 630000 in Ohio stand to be without insurance. Yikes. What will that do to health industry? Fight on drug addiction?
#MyGOPDeathSentence #OhioRemembers
Rob Portman is voting to take healthcare from his constituents. Ohio does not deserve this, and must resist this idiot. #SaveACA
Vote no on skinny repeal. Bad for Ohio, bad for USA. Tried to call your office, no one picking up.
R I N O
Trying to deflect from the absurd actions of the @GOP RE Healthcare? Group of GD Fools
the fact that this is what you're tweeting about now shows how out of touch you are w/the American people
Yeah you tell him! God forbid our congresspeople multitask! Good thing no other legislation happened while ACA was being passed! #Dense
He's in the middle of an all night session on healthcare. This isn't the time to multitask. It's deflection.
Portman you better be voting no on this health bill don't be an asshole be a leader
Repeal healthcare? All of it? Make bandaids & aspirin & nurses all illegal? (At the very least, it's got more clarity than #SkinnyRepeal.)
Who works til late at night trying to devise a way to screw over the mass majority of the population?
They even brought in cots to make their screwing over more convenient! & he wants us to think he's pondering other issues tonight. Riiight.
A midnight vote is just another indication of how screwed up our institutions have been for a very long time. Way to go political elite
Oh please. Everybody's thinking of only one thing tonight. We're afraid of only one thing. You're not listening.
Shouldn't you be concerned about healthcare?
Vote no on skinny bill! Be on the right side of history!
Yes, they should and you should care about the people Ohio and vote no on this last minute farce! Work in regular order to fix ACA
Democrats didn't put you in office and they won't keep you there! Defund planned parenthood and repeal ACA!
Um, here's the thing...trump isn't going to sign that bill and Tillerson will just do backdoor deals....then, what are you going to do?
Ummmmmm, if I have to sit here watching CSpan to see if I keep my healthcare it would be nice if you were doing something to help goddammit
Are you on the senate floor now? What is your vote?
Glad to see this healthcare thing isn't distracting you from the real issues
Anything to change the subject from your reprehensible votes on the various health care bills you support, right?
Duh, but are you going to follow a long with liberal democrat stupidity of Iran good Russia bad? It's all they have left of Obama's legacy
#notmysenator
Nothing you say is reliable or truthful. You sold us out. Now we know.
How bold Sen., you've been calling for this how long? Longer than when you voted to repeal O-Care in '15? Tick Tock get your resume together
No one cares what you think sense thinking isn't something you seem to do particularly well or even often
Health care..senator. That is the subject you are discussing on the floor now.

Right now the GOP leadership in the Senate is a "State sponsored Terror Organization".
Terrorizing the American people with Skinny Bill.
Hello #Healthcare is the topic of they day not North Korea. Are ok? Maybe you should use your "protected" healthcare for a check up?
He's having problems concentrating on today's huge issue. Maybe he also has a brain tumor. Sad!
how involved are you with trump? Collusion? Obstructing justice? Bribe? What do you owe him? Pence?
He's on your side Susan, Portman is a Rino=Dem he will vote your way, not the way he promised but hey whats a pol's word worth anyway?
Don't agree with you on much, but at least we agree on your last sentence. Well said, Scotty. He can't have it both ways and we'll show him.
Stalling on Russiagate to get tax cuts for the wealthy donors. Who are those donors anyway? Maybe I'm wrong, but that's what it looks like.
Is this 2002 again
You will not distract us from healthcare
#impeach #25thamendment
You are the other GOP senators are terrorists at this point, holding my healthcare and my job for ransom!
There's potentially a Healthcare vote tonight that ruins Ohioans lives. Keep your eye on the ball, pal.
Stand up against the skinny repeal bill. It's terrible legislation that will hurt Ohio and leave many w/o insurance
And mandatory Congressional review?!  Enjoy your next FIVE WEEK RECESS! Veto this BS, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump

The Senate is trying to limit the power of President Trump #veto
Treasonous traitor @realDonaldTrump's biggest supporter in Congress.... 
you guessed it, #ConMan @senrobportman!!! 

#PortmanRussia
What about Saudi Arabia, Rob. You know the place where actual terrorist come from?
Yeah you know Iran has such a powerful military and is such a threat to the US.. right
The state is the terror!

Healthcare, Portman.

