You were always free to discuss improvements to healthcare. It didn't require a vote over secret future cuts.
This vote was to move forward with future cuts to healthcare and you know it.
But you are not helping anyone except for insurance companies and pharmaceutical providers. No one benefits from losing coverage.
Your precious political talking point about opioid addiction is moot. Every iteration of the Senate bill removes all aid for it.
If you think you can alter McConnell's opinion before passage then you are more naive than Trump thinking he's the best human specimen.

.@senrobportman I will be donating to anyone who runs against you for the rest of your career, Republican or Democrat. You have failed Ohio.
I am sorry I was so harsh in my post-vote response. Thank you for being open to talking to everyone. Please keep working on behalf of All.
TY for voting to continue this important debate! Way to hold the Senate accountable! #repealandreplace #OCareNightmare
I'm disappointed with your vote today. You are not going to be able to debate away the gutting of Medicaid.
How many of you wanting a no vote actually have to buy useless Obamacare
Tool.
#disgrace
Out you go!
I will never give you another vote of mine. You have been one of the worst senator for Ohio.
"The most recent version of the Better Care Reconciliation Act (BCRA)..." What is that, exactly, and why am I not allowed to see it?
Greed On Parade yet again. So disappointed.
You're the worst thing to happen to Ohio since *ichigan became a state
Blah, blah, blah. GOP is destroying health care to get back at Obama who  was trying to do the right thing for his country. GOP sucks.
Ohio will not forget! I for one never miss a vote and i make phone calls. Party over country @gopsenate!
#VoteThemOut
Portman THINKS that he has nothing to worry about, himself, becsuse he was just re-elected
You have shown Ohio just how little you care about Ohioans! We will not forget!
Then can we count on your to vote against any bill that was crafted like this one was? The antithesis of open, democratic lawmaking.
Your statement says you have conversations with colleagues. What about your constituents?! You are NOT LISTENING TO US.
Now's your chance to support your state and your constituents.. vote AGAINST this bill! 1.1 million Ohioans will lose insurance if you don't
Stop blindly following the party line. I voted for a man, not a party. Be a man and support the people that elected you.
Thank you Senator Portman
There is nothing you can say that can cloak your essential cowardice, sir. We see your backroom deals w/ Cruz & McConnell. We see all of it.
I have no repect for you and you're a poor representative of Ohioans.
You didn't listen to your constituents. That's your job. This means nothing, apparently.
So your corporate sponsors got to you and said screw your constituents opinions, fascinating.
We will remember you at election time
You still have the opportunity to do the right thing. Reach across the aisle and fix the ACA together.
Does the GOP give you all text to copy & paste? Now we know that you'll only go against the party if it personally affects your own family.
Greedy
Did you get to see the healthcare bill traitor
An overwhelming majority of the people in this state did not want this, and you know that. You turned your back on us, and it's shameful.

Screw you and your kiss ass buddies @SenateGOP. All of you just bowed 2 #dictatortrump &his BFF #VladyPutin
Just repeal and forget replacement! Go after the crooks in overcharging Healthcare and pharmaceutical ind. We dont need Want Gov Healthcare!
U fucking know this won't get solutions to real problems w ACA, but ur willing 2 sell ur soul 2 McConnell? Donating 2 ur challenger #saveACA
Vote for Ohio health, not for Republican Party operatives.
No excuse for this vote!
You're a coward. Another empty kicking the can down the road statement. You're not even the "bad guy." You're the guy holding his coat.
Blah blah blah. You are unable to stand up against the greatest threat this democracy has faced in generations.
And you voted yes even though there is no replacement, Medicaid suffers, and people will die. You are a coward and put party over country.
I mistakenly thought you were supposed to represent the people in your state, some of whom voted for you. We will not forget how you voted.
@senrobportman, if you’d listen to your constituents (including GOPer like me), you never would have voted YES. #Shame
I read your statement—you’ve shirked your duty to Ohio. If you are a YES vote in a GOP-only HCare law, then you’ll lose my support.
What you did today will result  in 1 million people in Ohio losing their health insurance
Why would you vote to proceed on a bill that will be awful for your constituents? Party over country?
You voted yes against the wishes of your constituents governor and every credible expert in the country. #repeal and replace Rob
We told you Ohioans want health coverage. You talked the talk. Disappointing, tho not surprising, you didn't walk the walk. #HealthCareVote
You voted with your party without even knowing what's in the bill. That's a death panel. I am AARP mbr, sm bus owner, homeowner, constituent
Party over country, may you learn what it is to be broke in nursing home or have cancer
I don't understand. Are you trying to be jobless in 2022?
So disappointed in you and your failure to stand up for the people of Ohio.  Your reasoning and excuses don't hold water.
I assume this links to a single picture of you giving the middle finger to a sick child. Shame on you, Senator.
#AARP....
A spineless move. You know it.  Say one thing and vote the other.  #urtheswamp.  P
We know now who and what you are. Congrats on joining the sleaze club. Hope it was worth it. 
#voteportmanout
COME HOME & HOST A TOWN HALL!
Just as everyone expected, and despite the overwhelming support for the ACA, you voted to work on dismantling it purely for political...
...advantages. You are more concerned w/"keeping your promise" than with doing what the people want and need. Trump threatened and you caved
I hope everyone on this thread who is commenting that they won't support you in the next election will continue to fight your agenda.
Portman is safe until 2022 but we need to keep Sherrod Brown so someone represents the people. Mandel would be worse than Portman
Shame on you.  You fell in line like the good Republican minion you are. Do not continue to pretend you care...it's insulting.
I hope you're looking for a new job. Unfortunately you have a lot of time but the people of Ohio won't forget.
Shame on you.  Cowardice and political opportunism motivated your vote...pure and simple!
Rob , you clearly state You ARE committed to Repeal & Replace . Why lie that you still have concerns. Read Rob's FULL statement 
No, senator. Your vote today started a ticking time bomb. Guarantees none of the provisions about which you express such concern. Party 1st.
I hope you are reading all the replies to your "statement". Ohioans are NOT happy. Work with Dems. Enough of this BS!
since u have good healthcare u may want to go see ur doctor. You should get some help locating ur backbone since you seemed to have lost it.
You are shameful. Just shameful. You make me sick
Shame on you. I'll send you the obituary of every person you've voted to kill today.
X number of bots liked your lies re: planning 4 affordable healthcare for all.

The rest see your empty words 4 what they are-party line bs.
You failed the people of Ohio today Senator Portman.
You're worse than a coward.
Shame on you
Your statement goes against the requests of your constituents. Forget who put you there?
You should be ashamed of yourself!
Save the pretty talk. Your vote belies any expressed concerns about openness and fairness.
The difference a week makes, it's a shame that you did this to your constituents and the country
3/ you will have to answer for your choices and you are on the wrong side of humanity
2/ you are a traitor to this state. Instead of fixing the exchanges you caved to the pressure.
1/ Even our republican governor doesn't like this bill and he's not alone. You don't give a damn about Ohioians.
You mean your vote to further destabilize & accelerate the failure of the ACA, that people currently rely on, with no better plan in sight.
Your statement translated= I don't have to run till 2022, they won't remember. I have 4 yrs to take Koch money. I'll pretend to care till 22
#repealandgofuckyourself
Curious re: breakdown of the pro vs con in your email, fax, and phone messages. It doesn't concern you EXPERTS, let alone public, say NO???
Why did I even bother calling you?
How about those of us with a #preExistingCondition like #cancer? You've lost my vote @senrobportman. People will die on your watch.
Shame. You had "great conversations with the Pres, VP, etc" but you failed the people you represent. You did not have conversations with us.
How can you vote so blindly? If you think McConnell will give you favor for your vote you are wrong. He is using you and Trump.
You let us down. Caved to Trump.
We are tired of your lies.  We know who is pulling your strings, and you have no interest in the healthcare of Ohioans and Americans.
Shame. Shame upon you and your fellow GOP villains. You disgrace your office. We vote. We remember. Live long in your dishonor.
Your only job is to represent your constituents and you failed today. You had one job, a no vote, and you couldn't even do that! #SaveACA
You got your opiod money so it's time to  kill Americans right? Right rob? That's what you just did.
I will do everything in my power to make certain this is your last term. I'd vote for a roach over you.
Except your constituents want you to leave the ACA in place and fix what needs fixing. You don't listen to us, so we'll replace you.
Two tweets about your vote in less than an hour. You must be feeling the heat. Too late to spin this now coward.
You have no backbone. Putting a statement out AFTER your vote is cowardly.  Your constituents could not weigh in before you voted.
your statement is :"I am a coward and chose money and an orange Clown over Americans While I love having my GOVT CARE paid by you"
You voted with your party, which is not a plan at all. Since you can't lead, at least follow McCain, reach across the aisle. We're watching
So according to this if we want affordable healthcare, we have to put a needle in our arms. Thanks for nothing.
Way to start the genocide is over a good debate then some reform. 

22 million not be able to afford "access". Rest is just wealthy tax cut
I have disagreed with your stance on the issues over the years. Today I am ashamed of you.
300 replies in hour plus even more on FB plus 1000s of constituent calls. Quit if you can't represent us.
Shame on you
The act that has pushed me into activism in next election cycle. I will work to remove you and your Republican cohorts from office. Shameful
All that work at VeloSano is going to waste now. People with cancer will find it harder to get health care because of your vote.
You failed Ohio today! Obamacare is more popular now than ever. You have proven yourself to be just another Trump lackey!!
Also, your office is either lying when they say they don't know your positions, or you don't know them until after other @GOP members do.
You didn't even know what version you were voting on. And #TrumpCare is at 12% approval, so your reason for voting YES can't be the people.
Whatever, Dude
You own it now.
Nice to see you folded like a wet piece of cardboard Senator.   Hopefully your constituents remember you put party before their well being.
To be clear, you voted to begin debate on a SPECIFIC BILL that stops Medicaid expansion thus, hurts the poor & INCREASES the opioid crisis.
But I guess if you actually tried to fix the opioid epidemic & succeeded, what would you have to talk about anymore? #dontmincewords
The true statement is that you're a coward who won't do the right thing.
Absolute cowardice. Get a backbone. Actually stand up for the people you represent! You're horrible! And you're directly hurting my family
Coward. Stand up for your fellow Ohioans and Americans. No one cares about tax cuts when they can't afford to see the doctor. Vote no.
Healthcare reform shouldn't break Byrd Rule or harm constituents. There is a reason for Senate Parliamentarian. Sell Out of #OHIO #resign
Again, the Republican Party is more important to you than Ohio. Enjoy your last term in office. :(
You are a coward!  Have a town hall.  You don't answer your phones in your D.C. Office to hear constituents!
Bullshit statement. What's in the bill?
I hope whatever they gave you will be worth it. #noreelection from this Ohioan. #Yourselfishneeds1st
You failed us today. Your career is over.
Again with the word 'access'. You either just don't care.  Everyone needs healthcare.  Start representing us & not corporations
Again I say it-your health care doesn't worry you-paid by us.  You simply cannot get out of your bubble enough 2 help us
Please tell us more about how you care about the #opioidepidemic but think THIS is a good idea.
You are a disgrace and do not represent your constituents. So much #shame on you and your family! #VotePortmanOut
How did your vote help OH?  Why not wait to see a bill and CBO score before voting on ANYTHING including MTP? Your concerns ring holllow.
You don't know what this bill will do. A bill in secret is not a win. A non partisan effort is not a win. You failed us today.
Can you explain why your office phones have been disconnected?
Excellent.   You did the right thing!
Telling that 30 min aftr posting, there are no positive tweets to your response. I, and your constituency strongly disagree with your vote.
Sellout. I thought your staff said you'd wait for a real bill!  Liars @OhioDistrict12
Tedious!
Healthcare is big business in Ohio.  Those of us who need it won't be able to afford it.  Thanks.  Really.  Coward.
Bye Rob.
You can't blow this over, the fact that your proud of this vote makes it worse. You have no interest in your states needs.
You voted on NOTHING. This is not the normal order of procedure. Millions will die because of your vote. Shame.
November 2022 can't come soon enough
After voting yes today you don't get to talk about the opioid epidemic again EVER.  You've proven party/donors matter more than OH.
Do you read these tweets? Oh wait, you don't give a shit what we want anyways...
Hope we can make the remainder of this, your last, term in office as miserable as possible. As a so-called rep of the people #YouSuck! 
Come up to Cleveland! #Coward
NO TAX CUTS.
This is 2 issues.
The TAXES built into ACA =one issue.The First Domino.
CUT TAXES of very rich=REPUBLICANS do #2,
KILL MEDICADE
Your vote- devastating. My son- brain cancer survivor saved by #nolifetimecaps #medicaid as 2ndary #medicaid #retroactivity & presumption.
To this point I had hoped you would do the right thing for OH. You failed us. A little $ for drug addicts and ruin for working people.
A yes vote for the debate, just guaranteed an active participant in getting out of politics.
You suck. I'm out of civility.
You have officially lost a voter and my respect in your eyes. I will be looking forward to voting for your replacement.
Not interested. Your vote today declares that you don't give a crap about process in democracy. Awful. Miserable. Terrible. Shameful.
I am embarrassed that you are my representative.

you're a terrible person. I don't say it lightly either. I mean you're terrible at representing your constituents. you're (1)
terrible at your job. you're terrible at listening to those that can't offer you money. you.
are.
terrible.
This #'s for you
#TerribleJobRob
I'm a Democrat who voted for you twice. Never again! Shame on me for believing that you cared about Ohioans.
i understand your agreeing to debate and i believe you will continue to vote NO if it is not a good healthcare bill for all.
Rob, I'm in the hospital now after a stroke & in dire need of a  transplant. Please read my story and consider.
This dog isn't hunting.
Very disappointed you are not insisting on regular order, hearings, and a bipartisan solution.  I am with AARP and the many groups opposing.
Thanks for taking care of your owners instead of those you were elected to represent. You have no conscience or soul.
You turned your back on Ohio
Disgusting
I hope the you & the rest of the Senate are required to use the same horrible insurance that you force on the rest of us.  #Resist
You literally just voted to kill some of my friends and family members....
So you are for 22 million Americans losing coverage and cutting Medicaid by 25%?  Shame on you.  Don't choke on the pork you will try 2 add
Dont vote for an unpopular bill for an unpopular President that just wants a "win" in his personal vendetta against fmr Pres Obama!
You actually DON'T listen to us, the people that vote you in or out, do you? If you did, you would'nt have voted YES.
Lie
And what else is wrong with the ACA?  You have never specifically said
Remember, Ohio! Although we won't retire him until 2022, a vote against GOP House candidates in 2018, is a vote against @senrobportman!!!
Don't ever forget, it was the vote of a morally bankrupt COWARD that put the lives of your family & loved ones at risk today!
Re-establishing the risk corridors, stabilizing the subsidies to support the ACA, Experts have said these 2 steps would lower premiums
GOP is going down along with the POTUS.  6 months of not listening to constituents does not bode well for you all in 2018.
Party over Country.
