Then hear this message. Address #climatechange. Address the #ParisAgreement. We have no other planet, folks. There's no running, no planet B
AND relocate compressor station from Waterville to a much less populated area...
Good idea. Let's starting taxing the wealthy for what they can and should pay to give back.
You hear? Surprised you haven't heard the calls for townhalls and calls for your statements on healthcare and  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp??
Hear Me: DON'T Cut taxes for UNEARNED INVESTMENT INCOME until JOBS OR RETRAINING is in place and FUNCTIONING. TAX UNEARNED INCOME!!
What you call taxes, I call MEMBERSHIP DUES. Help Paul Ryans construction co rebuild roads and landfills and put WWC & stabilize economy.
Just another reminder here - you were the budget director when George Worst Bush slashed taxes, crashed the economy, and exploded our debt.
Looking at the replies to your tweets over the last month I've been following you shows almost ZERO interest in taxes. Are you lying?
Selective hearing? We want you to keep ACA. We need healthcare.
DId you heard the rest don't pass trump budget. The poor need the services that he wants to cut and we don't need the useless wall
So many great replies, I haven't read one that says anything about a concern in re: tax cuts. Lots of environment and health care stuff tho!
Is that the message you're receiving at your #townhall meetings? How about your twitter feed? What are you hearing abt Paris Climate Accord?
We only hear about the places he wants to go... all that support the Republican agenda!
If you'd met with your constituents you would have heard about universal healthcare and reinstating Glass Steagall as well.
You were only talking to groups you chose. You don't talk to the rest of us.
You stopped listening long ago. Ur just a senator that is a hypocrite, liar, and probably line ur pockets with the #pharmcom dollars.
It seems there more people liking calls for a Town Hall than your OP. Hear us out we have genuine concerns. Listen and be our voice.
: no tax reform until you demand & get @POTUS's tax returns. Otherwise plan prob just pure profit for him, @IvankaTrump etc.
Because that's all the GOP cares about Emster!
Something you missed: we're paying attention. We're organized. And we will not stop until the rot that is the current GOP is voted OUT
Yes, please change it to benefit the middle and working classes, not big donors
What about the messages the rest of us have been sending loud and clear.  About fair healthcare reform, reproductive rights, immigration?
RESPONSIBLE?? Or BEHOLDING,  to OTHER Investor Class members,  as yourself??? RAISE TAX ON UNEARNED INCOME!! Or, invest now, get cut later!!
That's because the only places you travel are controlled environments. Ohioans want to know why you are destroying the planet and education.
How about we reform healthcare first.Single payer universal healthcare
Healthcare, Jobs, and Opioid Issues are things I hear about in Ohio. Tax reform is not any many people's top 3 lists.
Yep, if you don't have a job and don't own a home...why would you care about tax reform?
Very few are asking about tax reform. I very rarely say this but I call b/s. I'll walk up to him face to face and say it.
Funny, I've been hearing that you put party before people.
Probably why you need to have a town hall because those that I'm talking to have other issues: health care, jobs, incompetent president, etc
The White Working Class is not poor...we are PRECARIUS. If U CUT TAXES TO WEALTHIEST of Investor Class to take AWAY WWC healthcare, U R OUT!
give me a break. must of been talking to the rich
Because of your selective listening. Your constituents are dying to talk to you about health care and Russia too. Man up and hear us.
You want to #MAGA? Raise taxes on the wealthy, support #UNIONS,  pass #MedicareForAll, invest in infrastructure & the environment. #Truth
#unionsbuiltthiscountry
#righttoworkisalie
#belogical
Fraud.
Thanks for reminding us once again that you do not listen. Is your term up yet?!
We have another 5 years.
Really? My guess would have been we need better health care
Then you have selective hearing
We need a travel ban we need a travel ban we need a travel ban did you hear that
If you're talking tax reform like what we've gotten so far in health care reform - no thanks
Yes. Why should a person like me get so many write-offs when poor people don't? Use tax policy to reduce inequality and increase mobility!
Who'd you talk to? The 4 billionaires in OH? I would think GOP stealing our healthcare & treasonous behavior of WH would be bigger issues
Loud & clear--sir, you need your hearing aide checked.
Try taking your fingers out of your ears. Or just listening to a non-donor/non-billionaire
That's b/c you only visit people who tell you what you want to hear.
I say everyone (companies, too) should pay their fair share. That would be fine with me. T Rump should set the example. No extension, dude.
You weren't listening to everyone.  We need healthcare and to resolve the Russia problrm
Only people u heard complain about tax code were your rich donors. Real constituents are horrified what your "prez" is doing to this country
Healthcare, Russian coverup are much bigger issues if the aren't , your talking to the wrong constituents and the ines you are are watching.
How rich were those you met with? The rest of us are concerned with 22M losing insurance, selling out to Russia, and backing out of Paris.
I'll bet not as much as you heard what are you doing about that buffoon in the White House! You must've been speaking to the rich, SSI ACA!
What, more tax breaks for your rich friends and corporations is while the rest of us get screwed? I'll pass!,
If the fix is to give the wealthy big tax breaks, NO THANKS. I know most of us won't benefit from eliminating estate tax. Think long & hard!
That's the only message you want to hear senator.  You need to listen to the other issues - healthcare, climate, and middle class workers.
Hmmm, i really thought you were going to announce a townhall...#Complicit
Have you been getting my faxes? When can we expect a townhall?
You aren't listening to your constituents. You won't even meet with your constituents. #DoYourJob #TownHall #OH12
You know what I hear loud and clear in Columbus? Trump on Paris Agreement has moved US from world leader to embarrassing joke. #twitterass
Remember when President Obama tried that in 2012, 13 and 14?
Hear this loud and clear: no ACA repeal and replace. AHCA is horrible. Trump is a disaster and you are complicit. We want Trump tax returns
Really? Nothing about health care, opioid overdoses, Lake Erie, poverty, education? Must have been hanging out with the 1 percent club.
Doesn't sound like you were listening to the people. Don't repeal Obamacare. Don't pull out of the Climate Accord....I could go on....
And health care, and education, and Social Security only for politicians, and ACA for as only option for politicians, and 45's taxes, and..
First we need to see POTUS'S tax returns.
From whom did you here this? Hard working middle class and poor Ohioans or  the country club set who can't quite afford that new yacht?
Coporations are not citizens.
That was the ONE message, huh? Take a trip to Childrens Hospital with us. You will hear another message loud and clear. We matter too.
No, we need a town hall. Healthcare. 45 booted out so we can reclaim our democracy.
Please explain what you mean by broken tax code.  All we hear is #jobs!  Details please!!! Or is it you just want lower taxes for the rich?
OK. That's what big industry lobbyists say. But what do you hear from your constituents?
Imagine what you'd hear if you met with parents of disabled children or caregivers for the elderly? Or kids with special needs at school?
It's funny what you hear when you self select the people you meet with. What abt the other citizens of Ohio? Do we not deserve to be heard?
You voted to confirm Betsy DeVos. Nothing else you do matters.
But did you hear them say that "reform" means giving more brakes to your country club Republicans?
Let's hope you heard the message that a broken tax code DOES NOT mean tax breaks for the 1% at the expense of middle class!
Ohioans want affordable healthcare, address heroin & MAN UP. COUNTRY OVER PARTY!
You and @RepBradWenstrup are relying on Hamilton county to vote republican. Well, Trump is making us regret voting republican
You sir, need a townhall!  You can raise all the funds you want but I doubt those begging you to listen will forget at the polls
#1 discussion with family is healthcare
You are NOT talking with the masses. I assume just campaign donors. The #1 discussion in my workplace is healthcare.
Most important thing u heard was rich people need tax relief who r u talking to? Come to a #townhall we can tell you what is important
HEALTHCARE!!  HEALTHCARE!!  HEALTHCARE!!  

Hear that @senrobportman??
I guess what we say here doesn't matter? You chose places that matched the Republican agenda, of course they said what you wanted to hear.
You went to those who will reaffirm your Republican agenda: making the wealthy wealthier..
Get Trump 's tax return to verify he won't unduly gain from tax law changes . Especially the inheritance side of the fence.
Yes,we need to fix the broken tax code. To the benefit of middle America, not the rich like the Trump family and friends.
Oh did you finally have a town hall? I must have missed that
I think there is more-
Pretty sure we care more about affordable health care that covers all Americans than a billionaires tax rate
@ohiogop @politico Actually we were yelling Trump/Russia!
Had you held a town hall, you would have heard people demanding you don't vote to destroy healthcare.
You heard that message for two reasons - 1. You only went to contrived events and 2. you didn't have a town hall with public comments.
That's because you visited businesses instead of holding a town hall. We demand impeachment for obstruction of justice by the President.
Didn't hear anything on healthcare?
Yes, but not by giving tax cuts to the rich! Why don't you try to save money for the middle class? Rich people don't need your help.
Is this a joke? How are you so bad at your job
And HEALTHCARE.
Yeah! Thanks Rob! Lower taxes for the super wealthy! #MAGA I knew you had my back!!
#comeonman that's what you heard?  Cause people talk about tax code passionately & often. Be genuine. It's an impt issue, but so are others
Hear this loud and clear: you need to hold a town hall.
Who exactly did you hear that from?
Responsible member of Vichy congress.
So what you're saying is that you spent the week loaded on hallucinogens and hearing voices.
Somehow I seriously doubt that. You need to reform your brain.
I'll be you heard a lot about affordable healthcare.
How can you make such a statement without having a Town Hall? It's frustrating to have a representative that doesn't represent. #Listen2Us
That is because you select who you choose to listen to. I know of no one who would state that.
Oh, look, no one read the article because economics aren't sexy.  LET'S YELL ABOUT OTHER SHIT
.@senrobportman Sure it wasn't "don't write a health care bill that will kill us"? I'm hearing that one way more.
That's because you cherry picked your audience. Try a real townhall next time so you can hear our concerns on healthcare!
How about don't take health care away from nearly 1M Ohioans? Or have a town hall? Self-selecting who u talk to provides the answer you want
Reverse-Trump Tax Policies Lead To Economic Boom in Sweden
Customers create jobs and economic growth. Higher wages create customers. #Unions create higher wages.
Your tax reform only really lowers taxes for the wealthiest. We always make up the difference, whether at federal, state or local level.
Tax reform = trickle down economics = proven failure
That makes it very plain WHO you were listening to, and it sure wasn't your constituents.
What about protecting our environment, fighting the opioid epedemkc, and ensuring healthcare for all Ohioans?!
You didn't hear about health care?
Because you are meeting with only the upperclass.
You clearly hear what you want, and only listen to those you agree with.
Yeah, well @GOP senate only thing holding that up, Never-Trumper. @foxnews @dailycaller @crtv #maga #deplorables @redstate @circa #drudge
Yes. His last one was 949 days ago!!
if that's the only thing you heard loud and clear, you weren't listening to us.
You've had 8+ years to prepare #taxreform and #RepalACA legislation THIS YEAR. As Majority Party where is the "LEAD"ership we voted for? 
But keep your head buried in the sand! That's what your best at! Hiding from the issues that mean the most to your constituents! #chicken
silly wabbit, they call that selective hearing.  Tax reform that folks are screaming at you is about tax fairness, taking the burden off M C
You need to hear from all your constituents! Not just the ones you choose to meet with. This will not be forgotten at your next election!
And do not allow congress to change the pre-existing conditions in the ACA . No high risk pools!
I'm losing faith in our leaders doing anything with health or tax code that will benefit normal American people.
All you care about if your rich donors and your http://party.You  sold  out Ohio for a dollar .You refuse to have a tall hall
I paid wayyyyy more than a dollar for Ohio @EllenMorris1222 . If you know a state I could buy for less than like 10 mil, please DM me!
Agree but not by giving a big tax break to the wealthy!!
Probably because you only went places you knew would say that.
that's interesting bc all I hear and see on social media feed from OH friends is outcry about the opioid crisis
From who? My best friends mom was diagnosed with lung cancer last month and next month she loses her health care, what's she supposed to do?
I am so sorry to hear that. She's in my prayers.
Sen Portman, you took part in the theft of a lifetime Supreme Court seat so that Putin's puppet could usurp voters.
Is that all you heard?
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.279
Why would any Republican ever have a town meeting just so Libs can disrupt. Its a waste of time
