good. Now clean up the White House, please!
How about making sure that EPA stays funded and gets a real leader rather than Pruitt?
and I bet you will fall in line with any party votes to strip the EPA
GOP turncoat, Need to see pics where YOU are actually doing any work at Lake Erie. Always taking credit for work of others.
So far, you've written this administration a blank check. We'll see how you lie when it comes to Pruitt. #WeSeeYou
Let Ohioan's know how a vote for Pruitt will keep our Lakes and Air Clean.  Deeply concerned w #Priutt & #Potus #EPA policy
the the ratio of likes to angry comments from constituents is not looking so good for you, Rob.
So you're opposing Pruitt?
it would be nice for you to VOTE to help Lake Erie instead of 'working' for Lake Erie. It's sad you don't know the difference
Does this mean you will not approve of Scott Pruitt as head of the EPA?
It depends, how much money has Pruitt given to his campaign? We know @BetsyDeVos bought his vote. Pathetic!
We'll see if @senrobportman stands with USA. We know Flynn isn't the only one in the WH w/ Russian ties. INVESTIGATE
Maybe you shouldn't have supported Pruitt for EPA then -Highland Heights constituent
If you want to protect Lake Erie, you must vote NO to @ScottPruittOK. #Peopleoverparty #Ohiowillremember
How about you also work on scheduling a town hall mtg? We're all interested.
stop Waterville Township compressor station if you want to protect us
we need to keep congress clean first
if Lake erie's cleanliness is so important why are you anti EPA? Any local good will be undone globally
.@senrobportman Appreciate these efforts with Erie but find it at odds w/ your vote against clean water w/ repeal of Stream Protection Rule.
That's good! What are you going to do to rid the kremlin's influence in the WH. You know Flynn isn't only 1.
riiiiight... Which is why you voted to confirm Scott Pruitt...? Is it opposite day again?
.@senrobportman Good work on Lake Erie. Let's not forget about climate change. Senators concerned with the environment can't ignore it.
Flynn just resigned, any thoughts on that? How about that we still don't know the truth about Trump-Russia ties? No comment?
Then vote no on Pruitt.
I live 3 blocks from Lake Erie, please protect our fresh water vote NO #scottpruitt
Thank you for all you have done & continue to do. Please keep fighting to preserve Lake Erie and all our natural resources.
do something. Stand up to trump. You are aligning with a Russian by standing behind trump. #growapair #cometoneo
how about protecting CVNP from drilling too?  Protect national parks from destruction and greed. Keep 9B!
Keep the EPA. Keep Lake Erie clean. Ohio is watching.
We expect you to vote no on Pruitt
.@senrobportman Thank U for working on important environmental issues. I hope we can count on U to address climate change.
than vote NO ON Scott Pruitt. Lake Erie needs more protections from algae blooms caused by fertilizer run-off.
If you care about our waterways why'd you vote to repeal the "Stream Protection Rule"?Party > county for you
You think Scott Pruitt is going to agree? He'll have the Cuyahoga burning again in no time.
incase you missed it #Ohio wants you to #Support the #EPA and so far you have not! #ohioiswatching !
@Cleveland dot-com Thank you!  Keeping Lake Erie clean will be possible with support from a functional EPA.  #NoPruitt
will you be voting NO on Pruitt?
Thank you .@senrobportman - I grew up boating on Lake Erie & it is a natural treasure to all Buckeyes (+ former ones too) @clevelanddotcom
.@senrobportman @clevelanddotcom Yay!! So no on Pruitt, then, right?
.@senrobportman @clevelanddotcom You'd have an easier time of it if you didn't support climate change deniers and environmental deregulation
make sure you support the #EPA than! Put #ohio 1st not your party! #EPA provides jobs & keeps lakes & rivers clean!
I'm assuming then you oppose Trumps EPA chief?
So don't vote Pruitt. Show you actually give a damn beyond the party line.
The EPA can surely help you with that @senrobportman . I hope you plan to make sure it is fully funded.
Appreciate concern for the environment. If you really care, vote against the confirmation of Pruitt to head EPA. #blockPruitt
I am quite sure POTUS rolling back environmental regulations will help achieve your environmental goals
If you want to keep Lake Erie clean say NO to @ScottPruittOK #worstEPApickever #dirtyH2Orob #dirtyAIRportman
What about the coal waste dumped into streams... and into the lake?
as you look to seat the guy that will gut the EPA. Bah haha. All talk.
No vote for Scott Pruitt. Must keep all Great Lakes clean as well as tributaries. Need EPA monitoring and funds to do so.
good luck with DJT and his cabinet
I hope that means you will vote NO on Pruitt for head of the EPA
are you serious? How do you look yourself in the mirror? You've screwed over Ohio by supporting this regime.
You'll probably have to fight Scott Pruitt to keep it that way.
not true. EPA vote?  Streams vote? You talk out of both sides of your mouth.
when are you going to work on having a town hall?
So don't approve Pruitt and the dismantling of EPA and env't regulations. #actuallivingscientist
One of the largest bodies of freshwater on Earth is not a joke. Don't screw this up.
so far he can't really be trusted :/
Try harder.
You should be working to keep the whole environment clean. Keep a strong Federal EPA. Proteck my kid's air and water.
By supporting Scott Pruitt as head of the EPA? Not smart, Senator.
that's awesome...how bout Flynn & Russia?  Trump, taxes, conflicts, Russia, natsec...oh! And Russia???
when are you going to focus on what is happening in DC. Unless you are a co-conspirator with djt and his group.
so, that's gonna be a NO on Pruitt, right???  Lake Erie is an environmental issue. Say NO to Pruitt
appreciate your support of these important issues and WIIN Act.  Keep the bipartisan efforts in all areas
Turning around. #resist
U voted for foreclosure king. Pitiful.
Won't take calls
Won't hold town halls
Won't listen to Ohioans
We'll remember when we vote again! 
#puntPortman from senate
bet you have your greedy hands in this one  will know soon enough
You'll be voting against Scott Pruitt to be the head of the EPA, then?
You'll have a lot of free time after this term so maybe more lake time?
and defending the EPA, right?
You tweet about Habitat but vote for Mnuchin. Say care forErie, yet I expect you will vote Pruitt. Words /action don't match.
If you could get away with it you’d fill Lake Erie with coal runoff.
u only get negative comments when you tweet.  It's time for you to go. Thank God Ohio has @SenSherrodBrown
So you're voting against Pruitt?
how about working hard to actually represent your constituents? #PortmanTownHall
