the threat of Trump, the climate, for profit healthcare (and yes, I live in your district)
the environment
allowing guns in daycares, school & colleges. Gun safety must be a priority @onetoughmother1 @hilarybama @MomsDemand
dissolving the federal government
.@senrobportman biggest issue is Russia undermining our democracy. Demand select committee investigation into Russian attacks #Whatstohide
33k gun deaths a year, and yet the NRA's wallet controls your inaction on this issue and allowing it to continue
doesnt look like many would be opposed to u standing up 2 the new PEOTUS & admin.Ur opportunity to shine & do the right thing
Donald Trump, his ties to Russia, his conflicts of interest, GOP and media willingness to sell out for access and perks
Economic inequality. "Jobs" is an oversimplification.
2day I am most concerned about the House Republicans vote to weaken the Office of Congressional Ethics &kill its independence
education is the most important issue facing our country today.
environment!
The coasts and feasibility of higher education and necessary job/ career skills training.
climate change and stopping trump
Protecting our democracy from Trump and Republicans who are willing to abuse power for self-serving ends.
Legislators ignoring the wants and needs of their constituents in lieu of maintaining party loyalty.
An incoming president who seemingly possesses little understanding of policy and no interest to learn.
@Marnecheck @senrobportman Sounds just like one that's leaving,  all he understands is Executive Order
The distaste for ethics and accountability that has taken over. Pls insist mr trump has no conflicts of interest. #Divest
How about this: On Jan 20, a man with multiple connections to Putin will assume control of US nuclear arsenal
holding the PEOTUS accountable and demanding he shows his tax return to start. We deserve to know, you both work for the ppl
#gunviolence prevention. And please don't buy into the gun lobby's agenda of guns everywhere in order to make a buck
Addressing climate change & pollution; staying competive & creating jobs with renewable energy & associated techologies
Climate change! Reduce carbon emissions. And protect the rights and freedoms of ALL Americans.
Rule of law & transparency in a Trump administration that seems prepared to disregard both. We need an independent congress.
The lack of attention paid to Women's rights, LGBTQ+ rights, rights of immigrants, etc. by the GOP on nat'l and state levels.
lack of gender equality for American women.
What inequalities would Those be?
#1 issue is securing the borders. That will help many things: slow illegal drugs, slow/stop illegal immigration, and others.
Health Care/Obamacare, but not the way most Republican politicians mean it. My family needs the protections offered by ACA.
Will you be the Howard Baker of our era?  I hope so.  Heroes are needed in the GOP.
an independent select committee to investigate Russian involvement in our election
- Border security, USA becoming a third world country due to " Globalism". Damage being done by the remains of the Democrats.
republicans politicizing gerrymandering to conveniently pick and choose their voters
the incompetence of not only PEOTUS but also many of his cabinet appointments
you forgot:
women's healthcare
LGBT rights
renewable energy 
gunsense 
Veterans
minimum wage
end Citizens United
The top issue is the incoming Pres-Elect and his denial of Russian involvement in our electoral process.
The GOP's plan to take healthcare access away from millions of Americans, with no suitable replacement
1. A woman's right to chose. 2. Funding Planned Parenthood.
the most important thing is get rid of trump.  Real time visibility of all actions of our government  keep social security
.@senrobportman Immigration enforcement covers all areas. Safety, environment, crime, social services, disease,  Detain and deport.
climate change and the upcoming mass extinction
The nominees for PEOTUS's cabinet, who have little knowledge about the dept/field they'll be overseeing.
Big money in politics/money in politics, in general. No one should be able to pay their way to an elected office.
glad you are back in office voted for you help make a difference!
country's a mess but jobs always first.
climate change
the debt, ending entitlements, reducing govs power to regulate everything a a means to reduce competition.
Taxation, Rule of law, belief in freedom
climate change - can't believe it's not an option
protecting our democracy from those in power who would subvert it
Trump is the most important issue.
Donald Trump
the unfit president about to take office and his racist cabinet appointments.
Maintaining the constitutional foundations of American democracy
.@senrobportman making sure RINOs that distanced themselves from @realDonaldTrump get no say going forward.
Our mentally unbalanced president elect who is in bed with Putin.
Our progressive mentality is at the root of all these issues. The federal government is too involved in expanding its control
Economic equality. Ending the false and insulting lie of "trickle down." Ceasing the GOP practice of political scapegoating.
.@senrobportman Legislators who deny the threat/existence of climate change
Republicans nominated and elected a dangerously ignorant con man as President, with rampant conflicts of interest.
Republicans stole a Supreme Court seat from the sitting President, showing a dangerous lack of respect for Constitution.
climate change
Why isn't "Trump ignorance" listed?
climate change, income/wealth inequality, money in politics
incoming Prez who is an wholly unqualified con man with treasonous ties to foreign adversaries and YOUR unwavering support.
At this moment, it's the GOP plan to cut off access to health insurance for millions of Americans with no plan to replace it.
#1 The danger of Trump & his potential to turn our govmnt into an illiberal authoritarian plutocracy and #2 climate change.
Climate change
making sure that millions of Americans dont lose their healthcare when Trump takes office
Money in politics http://www.cbsnews.com/news/60-minutes-are-members-of-congress-becoming-telemarketers/ …
Climate change https://www.buzzfeed.com/peteraldhous/another-hottest-year …
Ohioans are waiting, and watching closely.
Building trust between government and people is the most important issue.  All of the other problems are predicated on trust!
Education and Climate Change
Trump presidency. He is dangerously ignorant and AT BEST will make USA a laughingstock. At worst will start WWIII.
Preserving our earned Central States Pension Plan Benefits and further protection of all Plans, Social Security and Medicare
the environment & climate change, and education.
Ban Muslim Immigration
DJT's deliberate stirring-up of hatred against Liberals, etc. Not gonna unite anyone that way.
K-12 Education
commit 2 our democracy, it's institutions & constitutional values. Not looking good . #MerrickGarland #RestoreTheVRA
Your obvious loyalty to party over duty to your constituents.
The Traitor that is about to become the President.  Do your job and #ImpeachTrump
protecting minority rights & working to reverse climate change
Sorry, but non of the above
#Corporatocracy = inequality & corruption of government, creating scarcity & poverty for profit, & inevitably leads to war.
Russian hacking. Protecting democracy from the dangerous demagogue. Investigate DJT foreign deals, then impeach.
, Russia-Trump business/gov ties
protect environment and stem climate change. single-payer healthcare. $15 min wage. decriminalize drugs. ignore terrorism.
gun control
environment/climate, then healthcare, then jobs, then crime, then security
anti-intellectualism and the death of compassion.  Why ask though?  You actually going to do something?  You'd be the first.
Having an insane person elected POTUS with the the support of your Party.
The dangerously ill-informed and deceitful demagogue who is about to take office, hands down.
. @fonzette @senrobportman You took the words right out of my mouth.
When the economy is working for all, there's resources for other things. But there is no economy without healthcare. #2cents
National Security is important that requires money from growing economy.
 All the issues you listed deserve attention. But Constitutional norms and democracy must take center stage.

#Emoluments
#DivestDonald
Border security is important to keep from flooding labor market with illegals. This keeps wages suppressed.
climate
Actually their all important but need economy growing and creating jobs which includes repealing Obama Care
how can you even ask this without including Russia's systematic attack on our democracy? It's irresponsible of you.
Most important issue is the president elect who is dangerously unfit for the job.
Trump! He's the most frightening unstable corrupt person ever elevated to elected office. And that includes Nixon.
1. White supremists
2. The environment
Appointing Merrick Garland to the bench since the sitting president made him his nominee. #DoYourJob
the pussy-grabbing Russian puppet your party has elevated to the presidency
