How about a comment on your President.  Sad Rob   He's not going away it's time to stand up for the people of Ohio !!!
By the way, pretty weak how you're blowing up everyone's feed like it'll make us forget you tried to take healthcare from us
If the CDA has a loophole that allows for these sites to operate, that loophole was placed there by our  wonderful congressmen.
I didn't see anything about what they wanted to do to close the loop holes.  Most of the time their answer is, take away rights for everyone
Thank God that horrible Trumpcare didn't pass!! No thanks to you!!! Wimp
That reminds me @OhioAG Mike Dewine only has praise for #potus45 white supremacy leader of the #RepubliKlanParty . Heads up Racism is bad
Are they asking Congressional leadership to reign in our Nazi sympathizing president too?
Start with the ones in the DNC
What a really ignorant thing to say! Pedo protector!
Constituents from across Ohio are asking Rob to act and schedule a TownHall.Thus far ..... crickets
Look at all the distractors! This is about children! The stupidity is very scary!
They should start by going after Donald Trump
Since when do you and the rest of the Repubs give a shit about women's rights? You spend all your time trying to regulate women's bodies.
Kochsucker.
Start with your President  who seems to think if you got enough money that women will let you do whatever to them. Start There
Voters all over the country are begging you all to do something about the national embarrassment, the dangerous and profoundly stupid POTUS
Say his name or be complicit
Congress needs to work to #ImpeachTrump
Attorneys General also are doing things to prevent racism- unlike you!
Are those the same Attorney Generals suing drug companies because you're too much of a puss to include that in any of your bills?
What are you doing to increase security and protection for victims at the Lake Erie shipping docks? Toledo should have more oversite.
American people from across the country are asking our reps to ACT so we can get these racist assholes out of the WH.
#hatecrimepresident
Smoke n mirrors U DONT want justice as your deep state D.C. Pervs are pedos
Your constituents are asking you to act against Trump, yet you have done nothing or have said nothing denouncing him.  It is a shame.
Would love a few tweets on how you'll oppose Nazi fascists in our midst. #democracy #dotherightthing
Men Are the #1 Consumers of underage SEX TRAFFICKING! Men could End Underage SEX TRAFFICKING! Toppling the Patriarchy is URGENT
There's no justice in a system that's run by greedy old men
I'd say there are much bigger problems in the WH. Something you have done nothing to stop and everything to support. You are Trumps puppet
PLEASE say something about *45, white supremacists, riots, hate groups, or protests. Condemn them. Or maybe this account is a bot?
#SHAME

Impeach Trump. Tell your friends. Nothing gets done until he's gone.
The White House is in complete disarray, the country is in the middle of a race meltdown..and where are you? #coward
I had a reply but after reviewing all of the tweets from Alinsky sycophants using Rules for Radicals 1,5 & 8 (at least) - just hang in there
https://youtu.be/inkSTc6kCJ0  part of human trafficking no one tells you about
Stop supporting this president if you ever want to be taken seriously again.
Here we go again... No Rob you need to spend time with friends, family & your kids. You can not be a public servant if you lack compassion















I am a constituent & I wish that with the same fervor u have in eliminating sex trafficking u would do the same with your leader, Trump.
Ok. Also, act to bring to justice white supremacists who assaulted Deandre Harris. They tore the dude's head open simply because he's black.
Save our history Save our monuments #SaveOurHistory
Explicitly condemn the head of your party for neo-Nazism. You can’t be afraid of losing an election because you stood up for what was right.
Senator, PLEASE act on issues we are asking you about - healthcare, tax reform, Trump's behavior. Sex trafficking is not the only issue.
There seems to be no resistance to passing this.  Get it done and move to censure Trump for #Charlottesville
Excuse me, senator? I know this is your go-to topic to tweet about but it will only lead to lawsuits not arrests.

We have been shouting: Start w/Clinton Foundation & its relationship w/Saudi Arabia, Haiti, etc. Also The McCain Institute. Podesta, Weiner.
Wld love to hear more abt this at in-person TH where u can answer Qs about it & other topics. If ur too sensitive to risk dissent, resign.
Tell Reps #VOTE to REFORM [ORC. 1901.01 Organization of Municipal courts effective till 1/1/2018] HONOR the #BillofRights!

Sex trafficking is already unlawful, AG's should do their job and catch some traffickers, but blaming online classifieds is unamerican.
Nothing to see here......
Winning - The WH is in shambles, the Country is being torn apart, our allies are in shock & the @GOP are nowhere to be found. #Impeach45 
Do you join fellow @NRA members in raising a "clenched fist of truth" in the name of #WhiteSupremacy?
What is congress going to do? Pass a law that makes it illegal to traffic humans for sex? How about these AG's do their job and catch them?
"But.... sex trafficking, deregulation, & tax cuts for the rich!"
- @senrobportman
We cannot forget the unrepentant moral cowards on the right - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2017/08/18/we-cannot-forget-the-unrepentant-moral-cowards-on-the-right/?utm_term=.24eaa3a9f86b …

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 


