For you see the left wants politics to govern the constitution and the law.  Explains their disappointment.  Your support an important mark.
I don't understand your tweet. What do you mean?
You either are naive, or you think everyone else is. Problem is, we've woken up and are paying attention.
and you believe him? #NoGorsuch
And you believe that bullshit?
why was Garland unqualified?  How can you justify this?! Shame on you
SCOTUS' job is primarily to interpret the law. Any dimwit can apply the law as written.
If you believe that, you got tricked. Otherwise, you're lying. Pick one.
#bullshit
Foolish statement.  I guess you want to bring back slavery, take away women's rights, eliminate the income tax.  We need to move forward.
My god, could you be anymore of a @realDonaldTrump brown noser? This is embarrassing.
You stole this seat.
Release your office's pro-Gorsuch/anti-Gorsuch call logs.
Right?
you sir are a traitor to our great democracy
What's his position on not allowing judge nomination votes?
You've made it clear that the voices of your constituents don't matter to you.
I doubt that
Sen. Portman: I want you to know that telling my law school students not to plagiarize just became harder by orders of magnitude.
stop with the empty slogans already.
Flip-flop. 2 days ago " laws as written",  then interpretation,  back to "laws as written". Which is it Senator?
I don't believe he speaks the truth. He says what you want to hear.
@SenateMajLdr Thank you for once again putting your party over this country. How will you stop the next SCOTUS nominee as Minority Ldr?
Like you inserted your personal beliefs as an excuse to steal a seat? I don't buy it. If Gorsuch was ethical, he'd refuse Garland's seat!
I hope you're right and he wasn't goshing you. 230 yrs of precedence down the drain for GOP corporate greed otherwise.
Did he make it clear with a wink and a fat check?
You mean how you put country over party? What? Really? Nvm.
If he's such a great guy why did you need to curtail Senate rules to get him confirmed?
Every single justice does this but anyones personal beliefs dictate how they rule and live. It's called being human. #rollbackrights
Exactly how gullible are you, Rob?
Baloney. He's already imposed his beliefs that corporations are superior to humans is past rulings. You've installed a monster like #Trump.
That remains to be seen. History will judge the Rs who changed the Senate rules just to get him approved.
Yeah right he wouldn't even answer all the questions
Who cares? It's Garland's seat that you actively stole! Tell us about him, or at a minimum why you waited over a year to vote!
Wrong!One applies laws as read with all the biases and beliefs the reader carries both consciously and without self awareness.  1/2
One who cares more for individuals than corporations and who cares more for reason than the biases of particularistic faith would vote no2/2
Like ruling that a truck driver was obligated to sacrifice his life for his job? Really?
In the darkest, coldest, most wealth-biased ways he can possibly get away with? What could go wrong?
You should have done your job and at least pretended to hear Mr Garland.
You keep selling the lie !! I will not be convinced. Stolen seat. Voting you and all the others out
You've made it clear that you are the puppet of a puppet. You rail against Russia but help its influence take hold.
Except he already has imposed his personal beliefs on the law
I say let's wait and see. How about we schedule a constituent meeting in a few months to discuss?
But Kasich just celebrated the fact how we have a new conservative judge.....
I don't believe you
Very disappointed that you voted for a man who has sided w/corporate interests over those of individuals. Rubber stamping Trump's pick again
2,041 days until Nov 8 2022
Uh huh. & if you believe that I have a bridge........
He is a horrible people hating person
The devil is in the "he'll apply".
No, he'll just apply the law as written in accordance with his own beliefs
*
You sound like you are trying to sell Gorsuch to the American people....
You believe anyone with an R after name. Said Pruitt and DeVos assured U they would be competent. Partisanship or u really gullible?
And you made it clear that you would sacrifice the future of the Senate to allow him to do so. #NuclearOption will not be forgotten.
Sad, sad day. This is a stolen #SCOTUS seat.
Betrayal of the people. Gorsuch will corrupt the intent of the constitution. @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
That's not how this works. If it did, there wouldn't be a need for a branch to INTERPRET the law. Come on, man.
Right? Why would he impose his beliefs when corporate beliefs are so much more profitable
Gorsuch raised no objection to the indecent & undignified treatment of Merrick Garland & President Obama. Racism & hate won.
#StolenSeat
Not in his past rulings, but I am sure his word is good.
We made it clear we didn't want him.
