How is Trump making efforts for American jobs when his companies don't employ Americans? Efforts don't being jobs.
Bring jobs. I swear autocorrect is a Republican. All it wants to do is make my life harder.
But how do you feel Senator, about his struggles to condemn white supremacy?
He told you who he is last nite.  Do you still thank him? Will you stand for what is right?
Final nail in your political career coffin  - how can you applaud anything in the crooked administration led by a maniac
Hey Rob who's on first?
Sorry but I disagree w/you @senrobportman @realDonaldTrump  has done nothing 4 jobs. that was @BarackObama.
You voted to replace ACA with a bill that would have hurt working families, and you're still hanging on to Trump's coattails at his worst.
You mean like the Carrier jobs in Indiana he outsourced to Mexico. Yes, Mexico where he wants to build a wall...
Coward #portmanout2022
Omg! You truly are not paying attention, are you?
That you would applaud Trump given his absolutely vile terrorism-complicit actions & inactions is unacceptable. Prove you're better.
Are you serious bro?
New ad from @POTUS calls journalists & Democrats "enemies." Serious about condemning hate & bigotry? Please #ImpeachTrumpNow
Waiting for your statement condemning this. Wait for it...
You are weak and show no leadership. His administration is complete and utter chaos EVERY DAY. are you going to go along for the ride?
Any thoughts on supporting Nazis and blaming victims? Or are you just a sheep?
You're so bowled over by Trump calling you that you just must stay on the fence no matter what? You're shaking in your boots aren't you!
Seriously? This is what you think it is important to say?
Jobs are great! But first can we save the republic?
We have a national crisis and need leadership.
#FireBannonMillerGorka #DeNazification
Are you intentionally trying to change the subject? Now is a time for reflection & introspection. It's callous & un-Christian to move on.
thats what i want to see....help the potus....and americans....and democracy...not #AntifaTerrorists
WE ARE TOO!! #AmericaFirst !! Thank You!
What do you think about his failure to condemn Nazis? Get it together, @senrobportman. You have 1910 days left. #UnseatTheSellout
What are you going to do about Trump?
wow. disgusting.
Senator why have you allowed IRS commissioner koskinen to remain on the job after lying & obstructing. Overhaul the IRS & fire the bad ones.
PLEASE tell mew what you are applauding????????? so far I see only very bad decisions and attacks against those that disagree with him
How can you say that! His policies will line the pockets of the rich and ruin the environment
Protect American workers provided they're not lynched by his base first.
Of course you do. Senator Portman is all about the party.
That's better, Bob
Applauding the trump administration is not the smartest move right now, Rob. The WH is full of racists.
#payattention
#whatareyoudoing
He's not stupid to listen to the BS spewed by the Democrats working on trying to get fake votes!

We ask politicians to say what they think. Trump did. Some demand he say something else. Why? He told us the truth. He stands with them.
Actually, it is kind-of lucky that Trump wears what he thinks and considers truth on his shirt sleeve. What can we now do about it?
OK I'm confused. Trump said he welcomed Putins cut back in diplomatic workers. How does that save jobs?  Whats the definition of protection
Open your eyes and realize the man is destroying America.  He must be removed from office.
Portman!  Get you head out of your ass. Isolationism, the embrace of dictators, neo-nazis and white terrorists. You are better that this.
This is an absolutely ridiculous and ignorant statement at this time. No wonder your constituents feel you are out of touch--you are!
Yes the 301 investigation can be a good thing, but overall, Trump's attitude toward foreign nations has been terrible for trade and jobs.
Hey Senator when you sold out your views on the TPP. For votes Can you tell us what the TPP would have done to help in this regard
Uh... I'm hoping this was prescheduled and goes out on a timer or something. I'm going to give you the benifit of the doubt and say you are
Not condoning the actions of a monster who supports terrorism and neo-nazism.
This is like applauding the great condition of someone's lawn while their house is on fire. Totally clueless.
do you applaud his response to nazis and white supremists as well?
Nope! This sounds like a directive. I want a politician that will stand up for what is RIGHT like @SenatorCollins
This tweet is extremely ill timed.
"I enjoy making the most banal comments I can conceive of on Twitter."
Wow dude...putting some distance from this failed president might be the wiser move..you sure you want to align yourself with wackjob?
WTH?
Kiss ass much?
you should have a serious chat with your coms team. Your silence on white supremacy, and it's deep roots in OH is deafening
Get the healthcare repealed
....and, so you're a Trump lackie....we get it
Sad. Rob. This president is racist and not a peep from you. How about representing your constituents. Has an Ohioan your an embarrassment
Keep dreaming coward
Not many presidents could make threatening nuclear war the second worst thing he did in a week.
Applauding the President, a man who took DAYS to be cajoled into denouncing nazis. Good to know where you stand. #NaziPortman #AltPortman
Just stop. Go home. Think about what you just said. Come back tomorrow and try again. You can do it Rob!
You are getting Twitter ratio'd again, Senator. You've got five years til your next election. Grow a pair and stand up to @realDonaldTrump
You should be ashamed of this administration! I will be campaigning for your opponent! #ShameOnYou
Trump's heath care policies that you've voted for would devastate heath care jobs. What about those?
Too soon Senator, too soon. #wisewordsfromavoter
Now is not the time to applaud Trump, @senrobportman. Now is the time to stand up to our white supremacist president and give him hell.
You have no spine, and likely no soul.
What is wrong with you? Seriously, what is wrong with you?
I'm sure you understand there is little to applaud about this administration right now, Rob. Ohio has a long memory.
@POTUS is superficial in his review, corrupt w/his actions, & so entirely removed from American workers he may as well be the tooth fairy
You applaud Trump?  After this weekend???  Wow!
Distance yourself from this administration! Are you trying to commit political suicide?  Just resign!
Portman does Trump leave the money on your nightstand?
Portman has no spine. A patsy at best.
Most embarrassing Ohio congressman - Jim Traficant.  Most embarrassing Ohio Senator - Rob Portman.
Hey Rob what about his efforts to encourage hatred and bigotry? Your silence is deafening
Let me guess, #jobs only for whites?????

What a joke!
You just as bad as trump. He works with slave labor as well as Ivanka he wants more money in his pocket than the poor.  ALL #LOSERS & #LIARS
Don't forget Port also voted FOR the healthcare....what an idiot.
No.  Applauding Dear Leader is a bad move.
ARE YOU KIDDING?!
You are a fool to support that racist
You cannot really be in that big of a bubble?!?
Way to tick off ur constituents yet again, Rob & Remember when u signed to eliminate our internet privacy? I guess u don't want another term
He's banking on the low-information rural/exurb vote (Fox News controlled), and everyone else forgetting this by 2022.
Honestly, we need to look at adding a recall provision to the Ohio Constitution, because Portman is a flat-out embarrassment at this point.
Is that what you call Heather's murder? Protecting Americans while simultaneously inciting violence against them? Stop supporting him!
Stop lying to yourself , your President has done nothing but made it known that he is a Racist and promotes Hate
The only thing worse than your daily demonstration of cowardice in representing your Ohio constituents is your timing in doing so. #clueless
Really? After last weekend???
Bold stand Rob.
The idea that you would go out of your way to praise Trump is disappointing; you aren't as willing to call him out negatively.
Don't @realDonaldTrump is a complete and total #fool and he is a #racist supporter of #whiteterrorists
W/respect, APPLAUSE 4 Trump's admin because they protect US #jobs?! Fair trade? Maybe try fairness 4 all? #noapplause
What efforts is the administration taking, and why are they good for American jobs? Don't just throw out soundbites!
Lmfao...
SHILL!
Can you be more tone deaf or less topical?
Then you also applaud his racism and abysmal failure to unite the country & be president for ALL Americans. You're an embarrassment to Ohio.
Isn't he protecting your job?
STOP! Stop stop stop. Stop. Stop doing this. You will not be reelected because of your mindless support of this administration. Grow up.
Why do you even bother tweeting your bullshit? Read the responses. They're all negative! Your continued support of trump is abominable.
Still not paying attention
I can't anymore Rob. He's not worth supporting. Save your career Rob, dump Trump. He's hurting the whole country & you know it.
Thought u were a principled politician but becoming more evident by the day u r a fake prez lap dog   U know he's not "protecting" jobs.
Every time I start to think there is some hope with you, you ruin it.
How can you say anything positive about @realDonaldTrump when it took it THREE days actually even pretend to condemn US Nazis?
Until @senrobportman categorically rejects the support of Alt-Right, White Supremacist, Neo-Nazis, I'll assume he shares their beliefs....
Admitting you have a problem is the first step to recovery. Set your soul free. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Continuing to applaud a man who refuses to reject the support of White Supremacist, Neo-Nazis! All you need to know about @senrobportman!!!
What exactly have they done?
You need to step up and focus on white supremacist terrorism
Are you really that dense? Probably not the best time.
Gaslighting! Trump bringing Chinese to buy U.S. companies & give them taxpayer $.
Are you aware he applied for 70 work visas for men to work on his golf courses? Never Mind his and Ivanka's schmatas
Ill-timed and tone deaf.
You would. @ambercartriana @MarysGotClass    RNC theory?
Probably, since they're all in cahoots 
Well not one of them has proven me wrong yet.  :(
That was a occupying army, with weapons, uniforms and the flags of our enemies from the TWO bloodiest WARS fought so you can back a beauty/1
Trump is taking us backwards and you are following him down the same track. You work for Ohio not Donald J Trump. He wouldn't  pay u anyway.
Get your head out of his rear end now, because we'll remember later.
Are you kidding? Did you sign that loyalty pledge?  I first thought you lost my vote, now it includes you've lost your damn mind.
Rob, trump put his name on pile of poo guess is you would still appauld him. Trump has done zero to date on jobs its still the Obama policy
Saying is not doing. Just more talk.
You really just said that?? I knew you never had a moral compass! Anybody that could support anything from this administration is foul!
Rob no... That is far from the truth and you know it.
You applaud him? Today was not the day that you post this tweet. He began his statement talking about the economy. What about the victims.
Do you also applaud his racism, support for Nazis, misogyny, and sympathy for our enemy Russia? Grow a spine! Stand up for our country!
There is absolutely NOTHING about the Trump administration to applaud. Your continued support is shameful. Where is your conscience?

You are one of the 34% who  trump
Bannon. Miller. Gorka. Out. NOW.
The words applaud and Trump should never be used in the same sentence.
The words Applaud and Trump should not be used together. Senator he is a disgrace.
“If you dance with the devil, then you haven’t got a clue, for you think you’ll change the devil, but the devil changes you.”
You should look a little closer...keep with backing big business & lies & you will need to find other work. Your voters are who you back
maybe help him get tax reform and get healthcare out of the governments control and youll see lots more jobs and trade
When are you going to endorse that the House start Trump impeachment proceedings? That's what Ohioans want to know.
Your outrage about the white supremacist from our state, who murdered someone in cold blood, sure faded fast.
If only he cared to protect them from their employers exploitation
But not protect them from the UltRight...
China will surpass USA in job creation by the millions in renewable energy alone. What's your plan?
Your worshiping of Trump is telling .Do you worship Bannon ,Miller and Gorka  too The 1 precetnt and Trump is all you care about
Do you think we're so desperately poor,or rich,that we value income over our American values? Why do you praise DJT, supporter of alt-right?
Less applause more impeachment. #ImpeachTrump&Pence
But he's a Nazi sympathizer, doesn't that nullify every claimed achievement?
You are a racist. It's that simple. You support a horrible, evil man who has appointed bigots to the highest posts. I have no respect 4 u.
Where would one start with this deceptive tweet? Where have 45's products and Ivanka's line been manufactured? Just. Wow.
Great questions! @senrobportman is a master of deception and is comfortably tucked into 45's back pocket!
What is the point of having jobs if this administration is taking us back to the dark ages?
Oh for the love of god shut up. Unfollowing.
Dude, you're embarrassing all Ohioans.  Stop praising this nazi loving fool. #lostmyvote
Do u have urs senator?
You forgot the autonatic rifle
Are you also down with its tremulous response to murderous racism? What do you think of its efforts to steal Medicaid from 850K Ohioans?
face palm.
Do you also applaud his defference to White Surpremacists & domestic terrorism?
#Disgusting #Delusional #LockHimUp #CluelessPutinPuppet
What are you talking about?
So, anyone that doesn't agree with the Trump admin are "enemies."  Do you agree with that, Senator?
If you applaud anything the Trump administration does-you'll soon be applauding your exit!
OMG. And not a word about his veiled nod to White Supremacy?   Did you sign a loyalty oath to this president?
Senator, you sound ridiculously out of touch. Charlottesville? Heard of it?
I respect you but I disagree. Return one of my phone calls? I have left 1/2 dozen or so re multiple issues over 6 months.

Tone deaf much?
And you ignore the Trump admin's response to the events in Charlottesville?
You're depraved.
I think applauding anything this admin does is an anathema to Ohio, especially after this weekend and his no response to #Charolettesville..
Destroying our environment in the process so energy companies can rape the land to fill their pockets.
And you support Gorka, Miller and Bannon too?
You need to halt everything and tell us what you are going to do to keep us safe from getting mowed over by another one of your supporters!
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence
You're muff-cabbage, Rob. And pure supporting a guy who just had to be shamed into condemning Nazis. And you still voted against health care
The man has no morals or conscience. His "successes" mean nothing if they are veiled in hatred and bigotry. Shame on you, Senator.
Applaud?  Or is that salute?
How about you start by removing #Trump from the white house, while he harbors White Nationalists in his admin. Or do you not care?
What are you talking about? Are you defending that White Nationalist?
