Suspend the Jones Law.
Where has this support been? It's a little late, sir, a little late.
How about pressuring your party to take action on Puerto Rico?! Your inability to commit to even the smallest acts of decency disgusts me
They don't need your heart or your empty words.....DO SOMETHING!  POTUS DOESNT EVEN KNOW PR IS A PART OF OUR COUNTRY!!
But @potus DOES know it's in the middle of the ocean--a really big ocean.  Because it's an island. Hawaii!!!
They need supplies and resources, not your heart. Make it happen.
First send all affected the federal funds aid resources people to get water food shelter medical care & power/fuelrepair
Suspend the Jones Act.
What are YOU doing about it. Action helps. Words are easy.
And how about calling for a long overdue vote on Puerto Rican statehood. That would be a great start.
Puerto Rico voted not to be a state.
In the referendum held on 6/11/2017 97% voted for statehood. However, they need Congress to vote & Congress has been stalling for years.
My understanding was they voted no as a population again. Ok. Could be wrong. 
They've voted several times in favor of statehood & requested a Congressional vote in 2012, but Congress won't bring the vote to the floor.
Thanks for that, now what are you doing to help? Voiding the Jones Act is a good first step.
Then introduce legislation to help them, even if some are in bigly ocean...do it NOW!
And again besides hot air WTF are you doing about it???  PR and the US Virgin Islands are in need and nothing is happening!  Do your job!!!!
Your heart? What good is that doing people who have no utilities, gas or food? You r really a piece of work. #PuertoRicoStrong
They don't need your heart. They need you to take action. Maybe you can tweet what action you're taking between posts about heroin?
Ok WHAT ARE YOU AND CONGRESS GOING TO DO TO HELP PUERTO RICO IS PART OF THE UNITED STATES
Demand to suspend the Jones Act!
It seems u only acknowledged Puerto Rico after Trump did. Can u only mimic him and not think for yourself? Please start listening to Ohio!
Suspend the Jones Act
JUST IN: Trump admin refuses to lift shipping restrictions to help get supplies to Puerto Rico http://hill.cm/XS2eEQ0  
How about you, @SenSherrodBrown and @RepMarciaFudge insist the Jones Act be suspended or abolished? Archaic and economically harsh!
really, your heart goes out to people with no water, food or sanitation? How white of you. Get off ur ass and do something!
Instead of prayers, how about you send them actual HELP?!?! After all, they are fellow Americans. Or are they not rich enough for you?
OK so what will you do about it?
They need more than your heart...
This is tragic and you wait how many days to say something about American citizens in PR.
It would be much better if aid were going out. Massive, immediate aid. Like, yesterday.
Finally something of substance. I need the regulations on pre-existing conditions.
What about money and setting FEMA up for more planes landing. Get it together and screw your heart.
Your heart, but not your aid! We won't forget!
then get boots on the ground to help them and pass a long term aid bill.  We all can tell the diff from Tx and Fla!  Shame!
Congress should pass legislation that provides tax breaks to cruise ships who provide temp. Food & housing to hurricane victims.
Congress needs to put together legislation authorizing naval ships to aid with floating hospital and emergency services.
Need more than just your heart here Rob. Send resources.
If only your heart were something the people of PR, VI,TX &FL needed, like food, water, shelter, medicine, HEALTH CARE ...  Coward.
Why aren’t you pressuring trump to do more to help? Your heart going out to them is not helping them. Get moving!
Agreed, but the Senate heart does not go out to 85-90% of American suffering under O Care
Not without your help, they're not. Do something positive, for a change. #PuertoRico 
It's on you sir. Do something.
You just got around to this?
Senator...it's time you and the rest of Congress show the eorld who we are and launch a massive effort to save Puerto Rico.
I'm guessing you run away from this issue once you find out the residents of PR aren't as lily white as you! 
(Yes, I'm calling you a bigot)
Blah, blah, BLAH. Empty words. GET HEALTHCARE AND TAX CUTS PASSES.
Finally Senator!
You have succeeded in making yourself irrelevant. We'll just work round you...but we won't forget your failure to lead and/or represent us.
Where are the helicopters evacuating people? Or dropping rations? Folks have been trying to f-ing survive while you were repealing heathcare
Puerto Rico is turning into Trumps and the GOP's Katrina
And? That's all you have to say?
Hey. We don't even know if people in PR are surviving, let alone "rebuilding."
Wow, timely. 
This is why people hate congress, dummies like him get elected
Finally, you start noticing. Tell @realDonaldTramp to get help there like #usnccomfort
Now? Took you long enough to acknowledge this. Shameful
A day late and a dollar short there Rob! Puerto Rico has been begging for help since Maria hit and you and ur @gop hacks ignored them! #sad
Day late again, @senrobportman  Pay attn & stop photo oops & insist Puerto Rico get same support as Texas & Florida
Where were you for the last week????
What concrete steps are you taking to get emergency aid to Puerto Rico & USVI and to help them rebuild with resilience?
Where's FEMA? Puerto Rico is a part of the US!! They need water, food, and shelter! Send companies to restore Power! #PuertoRico
Do something! People in the Hospitals have already died!
That's where you're heart's been.Was missing from #grahamcassidy
The GOP, including you Senator, is going to own the humanitarian catastrophe underway in Puerto Rico. Shame on all of you.
Are you going to send money and supplies to PR?
If only you were in a position of power to consider doing something. But I’m sure they appreciate your sentiment.
, thoughts and prayers are nice but action is more impactful. Work on relief packages for our citizens. #PuertoRico #Texas #VirginIslands
Excuse me Puerto Rico is NOT rebuilding they haven't received aid from #IllegitimatePresident lives in #WhiteSupremacistHouse U know the one
Money is better.
....this just in......WWII is over. Allies won.
#winning
GOP has failed the people of the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. They were too busy trying to deprive the rest of America of Healthcare.
They seem to be guilty of denying Puerto Rico of health careby not being more attentive to their needsSo I'm sure they're proud of that
Where have you been? Oh yeah trying to screw everybody out of health care. Replace with universal health care.
That's why I'll be sponsoring a massive tax cut for the wealthy and take away much needed health care provisions.
Think u could get that jerk in the WH to send some food and water?????
You know you could do more with that heart...how about telling your leader to send aid to Puerto Rico... It's a U.S. freakin' territory.
Keep your heart. Send a hurricane relief package to the Senate floor instead.
Let’s get help to PR! I know @potus thinks the issue is because it’s an island in a big ocean, but I think this can be figured out!
Tell @realDonaldTrump to stand up NEEDS HELP NOW 
My heart goes out to millions who'll lose their health care if #GrahamCassidy passes.
Bill is dead for now.
Enough w/ hearts and prayers.  You're in Congress, work to keep/create infrastructure & environmental regs to help prevent future disasters.
Help them.
Why all of a sudden and after almost 2 weeks we are hearing statements in support of Puerto Rico!! History will judge!
WTH? You just wake up?
Hahaha! Brenda, you just made my day!
Send money, not your thoughts & prayers.
Busy tweeting about opioids while people asking for their lives were being dragged out of the senate hearing room yesterday. We see you.
Opioids and trafficking.  Both bad things BUT Senator, you seem unable to multitask!
Suspend the Jones Act now! Const 44074
We have have given more aid to foreign countries.  Puerto Ricans are Americans in need.  This admin should be ashamed of it's response.
Could you turn that camera around?
How about push for something to be done for them? Like.... drinking water....?
Where was your heart a week ago?
Are you going to do something? Or am I shouting into the void even more than normal?
Prayers are lovely. Thought are nice. What ACTION are you taking to get these AMERICANS the help they need?
Hey Rob I give it 24 hours until you tweet about how happy you are the health care bill failed! Senator hiding in the shadows.
He's crying in private because he won't get any Koch money now that repeal has failed. #FailedSenator
There is nobody I know who is more insincere than you.

#BotPortman
#whereyouatRob
#REALTownHallNOW
What about health care you a voting for what about the people in ohio
Dude, this is super late.  44% of the island w/out water. wtf?

Going to be a MASSIVE humanitarian crisis, & GOP has sat on its hands.
It's about time that someone starts caring in the Senate!
Start helping by voiding the Jones Act which hobbles the Puerto Rican economy by requiring that all goods be purchased from US ships & crews
I see Puerto Rico doesn’t rate a tweet all on its own? Telling, after a long long silence.
