how about voting to lower drug costs? How about not repealing healthcare for 20 million people?
The ONLY thing the senate and house should act quickly on is investigating Russian espionage in the White House.
#whereisportman have a town hall in Cincinnati.  You work for Ohio not 45
A firm foundation through education helps to keep kids off drugs. You showed that money wins over our children. $51,000 DeVos
GOP right now
big business can be drug dealers too.
YES
* @senrobportman sees his house burning down*
*notices fully-functioning fire engine in his driveway*
*washes his car*
*shows off clean car*
I think the senate should call for an full investigation into the administrations relationship with Russia first.
@PatTiberi
@PatTiberi what if there are higher priorities, such as #Treason? Don't pat yourselves on the back so quickly.
@PatTiberi only 27 people RTed. 
Remember when everyone was urging the Senate to vote on a Supreme Court nominee last year?
money makes the memory short
Easy for you to take a strong stand on an obvious problem like heroin. What's your position on Trump's ties to Russia?
senate should act quickly on investigating Russian interference. Demand Trump tax returns.
the Senate needs to act quickly to figure out what the hell is going on with the executive branch in Russia
@PatTiberi also, are you aware that #whitesupremacism is on the rise in Ohio. Perhaps you might address that topic?
supply and demand. The demand is here. You are barking up the wrong tree.
Senate should act quickly to 1) demand POTUS taxes 2) investigate Russia connections 3) stand up for what's right!!
.@senrobportman @PatTiberi would love to know when your next town hall mtg is?  I live in your district and have questions. #Ipayyoursalary
senate should act immediately to investigate Russian interference...
@PatTiberi a full investigation and nothing less this goes to the top and you know it!
this is important but I am more concerned about the clear indications that Russia has influence on the WH and pres
The Senate should quickly investigate Russian involvement in our election. NOW!!
RT if you think Portman should be calling for an investigation of Trump’s ties to #Russia.
I agree there needs to be an independent investigation into Flynn and Russia - who knew what when
I think u should react quickly 2 hold a town hall.  Karma. You don't wanna listen 2 ur constituents...No 1 gonna listen 2 u.
Correct me if I am wrong.. Isn't it ALREADY unlawful? How about you get rid of redundant laws & get police to enforce laws
Stop Methane, fiberglass, concrete dust, Chromium, Asbestos and Lead from killing us near the East Cleveland illegal dump!
We really need the #STOPdeVos act.
@PatTiberi two pees in a pod.
if there is a demand there is supply - you need to stop the demand - and STOP RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN OUR WHITE HOUSE
.@senrobportman I think u should vote no to SJ resolution 14 to stop mentally ill from buying guns.
Legalize the drugs. The war on drugs is a failure.
your Ohio constituents demand you support an independent 911 style investigation into Russian hacking visa vi Flynn Trump
Shame on you! You're complicit with your silence. I can't wait to vote you out.
What is your take on Flynn? Are you concerned about our national security?
The senate can act quickly?Can it move on more important issue of Russia influence on trump? INVESTIGATIONS NOW!
I agree that YOU and your GOP colleagues should open an invest into Russian ties to our Exec Branch. #doyourjob
how about you come and talk to us face to face? Thousands of Ohioans are demanding a town hall with you
Any thoughts from you on Flynn, Russia, or Bannon? #RubberStampforTrump #russiagate
I think the senate should act the quickest to prevent MORE Russian influence in  our government. RT if YOU agree!
I disagree. We need drugs to cope with Trump
RT if you agree Senator Portman should explain why he won't meet with his constituents
can you link to the legislation?
LIke your care - We've been calling, screaming for an INVESTIGATION. Do you have a hearing problem?
why not look into all of rhe Russian ties to this admin. Get his tax returns,investigate and do your job
We agree that you should hold a townhall in Cincinnati and you should call for an investigation of trump.  #WhereIsPortman
How about an investigation into how your campaign donors make mountains of cash selling opioids?
.@senrobportman For my dad, You have to go after Big Pharma for their highly addictive pain meds.
RT if you find it interesting Senator Portman has been quiet about the Flynn situation.
.@senrobportman I agree with all of your other constituents that you should start doing your primary job and start listening to them.
