New #GrahamCassidy is even worse for Ohioans. CALL, OHIO! Tell Sen P NO DEAL ON THIS BAD DEAL for Ohio. Save medicaid!
Toll free844-700-2785
Didn't I see you in the picture holding hands with Sherrod Brown to protest Jon Husted's process for purging inactive voters?
Details please. I'm guessin' my view of tax reform and yours are pretty different. And regulations help protect our precious Great Lakes!
Please do not support that healthcare bill!!! VOTE NO!!
"Tax firm CEO gives $25k to Trump Inaugural. CEO gets audience with WH officials on tax reform". Pay for play right out in the open. SMH!
Taxes and regulations are needed. Many OH businesses are already getting local tax abatements.They need to pay their share and stop whining.
Many companies pay nothing.
I hope you'll join your governor and oppose the monstrous Graham-Cassidy bill.
Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill please. Try to think of your constituents.
No on ACA senator
How many major airlines do we have today compared to when you took office? Stop allowing small biz to be crushed by an unchecked oligopoly.
No CBO score, Senator, must mean  #GrahamCassidy
CBO says it won't have time to determine the health care bill’s impact on coverage and premiums ahead of vote: http://apne.ws/fkse2na 
Yes it's nice to hear a Senator say that
Dude still no comment on #GrahamCassidy? I'll take your silence as compliance. You're done.
Responsible bipartisan tax reform is what is needed. Not a Republican only reform that focuses only on tax cuts for wealthy.
I can only assume you're curled in the fetal position under your desk.  It's scary to take health care away from millions!
Please vote no on Trump care Ohio is watching
Where do you stand on the healthcare bill? You must have told them yes becuz Ohio isn't on the bribe list.
Please vote NO on G-C! My severely handicapped son, and millions like him, are counting on you. Listen to the h-c experts and your own wife!
Say you're voting no on health care so Senate can get moving on taxes
You mean your rich donors don't want to pay into the rigged system they have created, and you are paid to do their bidding.
VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY!
Yes Rob, please support our president this time
No on Graham-Cassidy! And big biz does not need any more tax breaks. Regs are there to protect employees & environment.
I wish I could afford my own politician.
Sn Hill aide says WH to send disaster aid request to Congress1st/2nd wk of Oct for Puerto Rico. They need help now. People are going to die!
Yes Rob, move on to tax reform to benefit your rich friends but LEAVE OUR HEALTHCARE ALONE. No repeal/replace! Just fix the ACA! VOTE NO! 
Vote against the Graham- Cassidy plan. I know you won't but had to try. You do realize there is zero coverage for opiate addiction.
Ohio, and those needing opiate addiction treatment with the block grant formula. We are punished for expanding Medicaid, others benefit.
Congressman, you MUST tell us where you stand on Cassidy Graham. The healthcare markets are in turmoil over this. You are not helping.
Let's discuss this week's topic: doctors, hospitals, and health plans urge rejection of #GrahamCassidyBill
Hello. I can not get through to anyone at any of your offices to say vote no on Graham-Cassidy. 44273
Ohio businesses are saddled with paying high healthcare costs for their employees. Graham-Cassidy will only make it worse. Please vote NO.
Smells like a Koch addiction.
Vote No on Graham Cassidy. Listen to Gov Kasich & work toward bipartisan solutions on healthcare. Serve people not power & say No to Koch $.
Already, the GOP launches this as a giveaway to the rich. Not even pretending it's about workers. Thanks for being honest I guess.
C'mon, "tax reform" from grifting Mnuchin and Trump is going to be more self-dealing for themselves and the donor class.
#regulations are made to protect us. Worry about that, first. Then, #taxreform, which should be #taxfairness.
Lmao. You can do most by repealing health care act and lowering taxes.  As you say "Congress needs to get moving ".
Ohioians are saddled with dirty water, air, and high medical costs. Corporations are sitting on the most cash ever! They need 2 stop whining
We, your constituents in Ohio, will remember. /3
That is what this travesty of a "health care" bill and "tax reform" are all about. I don't know how you sleep at night./2
Senator Portman please stop trying to take from those who have so little, simply so you can give more to those who have enough./1
Genocide on #Biafra people for #SelfDetermination #BiafraReferendum save children's life http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/disturbing-video-allegedly-shows-nigerian-army-torture-murder-biafran-secessionists-1639343?utm_source=social&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=%2Fdisturbing-video-allegedly-shows-nigerian-army-torture-murder-biafran-secessionists-1639343 …
Burdensome regs like OSHA? Like at Wilson factory? I know, safety is just so burdensome.
Such a shame that Ohioans like working in safe environments, breathing clean air, drinking clean water, and getting paid a livable wage.
Please tell your constituents whom you wish to represent; us, or the Koch bros? #VoteNoGrahamCassidy

It's been around only a short time, but Graham-Cassidy is already polling at 20% approval. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/poll-graham-cassidy-republican-health-care-bill-repeal-replace-obamacare-aca/ …
This message brought to you by Koch Industries. #VotePortmanOut
Medicare for all

While some states get special deals, Ohio could lose $132B under #GrahamCassidy.

@SenRobPortman, please #VoteNo! 
Doing away with health care for Ohioans is apparently your 1st goal
Or, better yet, how about a healthcare plan to cover all Ohioans? You don't seem to want to do that, which is puzzling.
Maybe you should review the "effective tax rate" instead of having your intern tweets out this crap.
So what is the effective tax rate, Senator?  Certainly not 35%
Tax cuts for the rich!
More GOP helping wealthy donors. Read the tax deductions....wealthy receive breaks middle/lower classes pay for them. Same old nonsense.
At the risk of healthcare?  #nothanks

For just about everybody, but especially women and older Americans, #GrahamCassidy 2.0 would make health insurance unaffordable. https://twitter.com/senatorcarper/status/912159593941303298 …

#GrahamCassidy 2.0 openly violates all of the president's promises on health care & puts Americans with preexisting conditions at grave risk
Any concern re punishing those with preexisting conditions?
To win support of Paul, Cruz & Lee, upcharging 4 people w pre-ex, as @larry_levitt points out, has actually gotten a lot easier. 5/ 
...does not support the bill. It also reduces funding for opiod treatment as well.
...Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. This bill is worse than the ACA. It has been slammed by the AMA, AARP, ANA, etc. Gov Kasick
As an Ohio voter I am watching your vote on a terrible health care bill. Don't vote against my family to appease Trump.
I hope the 1 perecent spends lots of money at the Ohio Biz cause not many will be able to afford to go to Ohio Biz
The thousands of dollars more I have to pay for healthcare for Corp Welfare and 1 precent means I will not be spending money at any business
You just keep taking care of the business that matter more than people as a senior with your greed 1
Talk about something that matters to your constituents
Agreed.  Congress move onward. #TaxReform #RegReform #GetitDone
https://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/contact-form#form_AD25A374-6207-4339-9EC6-2513F888CE3C … send message to @senrobportman now
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidyBill
What reg are left Pruitt stripped everything .More Corp welfare
The new health care bill tonight hurts Ohioians even worse If you vote for this bill.
There has to be some form of regulation. Something that ensures the giant tax break given is passed on via wages/jobs
At least you could have been a holdout and brought more medical money back to the state. But no you had to be good Republican
Speaking a foreign language: #TaxReform is political for "give us your money so we can have it AND the power"
stop with the talking points. What regulations will u cut? Environment? Unions?
This new bill upends insurance markets and still really screws over OH and WV. How do Portman & Capito look their voters in eye & vote  yes?
Vote yes on healthcare bill..state control...eliminate fraud
First the man who signs these bills needs to release his taxes, just as every POTUS before him.
Oh please, we give out tax breaks like tic-tacs to the guy who ate sardines for lunch.
If the price of healthcare skyrockets under Trumpcare, you would pay out everything you saved and more
Please vote NO for Graham-Cassidy!!
To many Ohioans will be burdened without access to affordable healthcare if GrahamCassidy passes. Vote NO!
No. Healthcare reform is much more important to middle class. Costs me 24k plus a year. Tax reform can't come close to dealing with that
You know what would REALLY HELP SMALL BUSINESSES? Socialized medicine. Or continuation and improvement of the #ACA into #SinglePayer
By that, you mean do things to benefit the wealthy and corps at the expense of reg ppl and the planet. Your word choice is poor. #hypocrite
Then give up trying to destroy healthcare. Bipartisan repair of ACA then move on to something new. This anxiety is killing us.
So more corporate and 1% welfare while the people that actually need it are saddled with the burden of higher taxes & stagnant pay?
Ohio needs healthcare for vets, children, the elderly, the disabled. Vote no so that many in your state won't suffer.
Vote "NO" on Graham-Cassidy
Too many #Ohio biz can't find healthy workers & too many owners are going to lose their own health care. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
You need to start explaining Why you're supporting Graham-Cassidy and want to eliminate Pre-Existing Condition Coverage and Medicaid funding
Can you please get your shit together rob
This is a great opinion.  Time to craft tax policy together!   People over profits, please
Actually, Ohio Governor has reduce business State tax, plus many incoming businesses/companies often get tax breaks in Ohio
Amen
Can't wait to not vote for you.
Regulations are needed as majority of corporations will screw the little guy every time.  They will not police themselves.
And Mr. Portman, you need to vote yes for Graham bill. Your Buckeyes remember what you vote.
Regulations are to protect the people. Do your job.
Do no forget the burden that actual PEOPLE have not just big biz. The TRUE middle class has shouldered the burden too long.
Yes. Why is Billion $$$$$$$$ NFL a nonprofit?
We have one of the lowest tax rates in the industrialized world.  Stop lying!! And regulations protect citizens who need it!
Yes but why don't you have the moral fortitude to stand up as J McCain has  and say what is right about healthcare?
This Ohioan wants clean air & water, good schools, safe bridges, dams & highways, and safety nets for the sick & poor.  #ButImNotADonorSo...
I don't think we'll see improvements til you guys start backing the president. We believe in him and are disappointed in congress

Opioids, Trafficking, Small Business OhMy!  Where do you stand on GrahamCassidy?

You've sent EIGHT tweets about sports in the past two days. How about ONE about what you're doing to help the 3 mil people in Puerto Rico. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/912019957243883520 …
Agreed. Stop burdening business with healthcare costs. Repeal ACA and replace with #SinglePayer #hr676 #S1804

Rob. Why won't you say something about Graham Cassidy? Why are you too cowardly to do what's right for Ohio? You are an embarrassment.
No #TaxReform without Trump's taxes!
Really Republicans have been in super majority control for the good part of 30 years. Time to vote you out. Regulations save lives.
And assuring all Americans have access to health care and addiction treatment. How about dealing with tgst before providing tax breaks?
Really? Regulations? How do you feel about Rocketman? Two unhinged men with all the power in world. You remain silent.
You've been there nearly 7 years & suddenly "Congress" needs to get moving! You're part of the problem; talk, talk, talk but no action!
First, how you’re going to vote on the healthcare bill? Will u trade off tax cuts for rich & corps at expense of poor, unemployed&uninsured?

But are often required to protect us from rapacious greed and general disregard for safety, environment, etc. exhibited by many.
This is hilarious you scumbag.  The liberals STILL hate you and your base hates you too.  How about you repeal Obamacare like you promised?
hey #$51000man.... how about worrying about the people that vote for you , not just those that donate
Really Senator?  Tell us what regulations!  All Tweet, no substance!
Lower their taxes, CEOs start making lots more in salary & bonuses.  Job creation...not so much.
Too many Ohioans are burdened with lackluster representation. Perhaps a new senator who cared about Ohio is in order
Can't until you protect Ohio with smart healthcare vote. #dontbealoserPortman
Please vote against Grassidy healthcare bill!
I am a small business owner, and right now I'm saddled with the burden of calling your office begging you not to repeal the ACA!!!
I hate to say it but you probably aren't the small business type the reflubs are claiming to be helping. Unless you are sending lots of $$
Honestly hate seeing people attack a person of integrity but, until you address POTUS, nothing else resonates. Step up, Senator. We need u
If BWC is any indication, I'm doing and getting way more paperwork than I used to, thanks to Kasich(R) administration.
So let's poison the environment and Ohioans instead.
Those regulations protect employees, the environment, and the consumer. You should be fighting for Ohioans, not your corporate owners
Please vote no on G-C healthcare law. I know you will vote yes, but I just need to ask.
Absolutely pathetic they are offering 4 states a bribe to r&r the ACA. @senrobportman do you condone @GOP selling Ohio out?
Too many Senators from #Ohio are saddled with burdensome republican talking points and voting records
Too many Ohioans are losing sleep over the fact that the GOP is shooting from the hip on these healthcare bills. #bipartisanfix #NoGC
But first vote NO! On #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
The ball is in your court.  Talk is cheap
You're supposed to work for OHIOANS, not biz! I & millions more need affordable #Healthcare for our families. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill

You need to get moving on your own #spiritual redemption.
Tax breaks for fat cat execs don't justify KILLING my daughter with #Cancer. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy #Healthcare bill. @AARPOhio
Senator, I have an idea. Focus on the crisis in Puerto Rico and ensuring healthcare for Ohioans before giving rich folks tax cuts. Okay?
1,062.
How long will you ignore our deranged Dear Leader.  Save your country man!!  Jfc
Vote no on Graham Cassidy. What's the deal with the bloated military budget???
Dump the state income tax & I’ll vote for you every time
Wait, you’re not a state senator... what the hell you babbling about?
Congress needs to end tax loopholes for the wealthiest 1%.   Think of the 99% of your constituents, not just your wealthy donors.
Great. But how can you not speak out against the healthcare bill? It kills opioid funding for a year. At least. How many dead in a year?
Ohio "biz" need to pay their fair share.  Middle class can't shoulder much more.
Ur wrong senator
vote for OH; NO on graham Cassidy - Y are you not even on the fence? Our own governor is against this - you suck
Easy to read between the lines. Pls be explicit & speak out against Graham-Cassidy, so we can move on & I can disagree w/ u on tax reform
Ur big donors care more about tax reform than this disastrous healthcare bill. It's politically advantageous 4 u to oppose it now
You do not have the backs of working people in Ohio. You seem to support the presidents pro-wall street/Goldman Sachs agenda.
Vote no on grahamCassidy & on the useless wall
Vote no on healthcare. 44138
And yet you have the leader of your party dividing and distracting Americans, preventing much of anything from happening.
There`s good reasons for the regulations & unless you can balance the budget leave the taxes be.
How nice it must be to live in a completely different universe from the rest of us.
Also, why are you focused on big biz taxes. Ohio businesses have recovered from the recession. Ohio citizens...not so much. Who do you serve
Oh, okay Robert. Thanks for this topical and insightful tweet.
Those "burdensome protections" are there to protect workers. Look out for all your constituents,  not just the rich ones!
Oh my gosh...ROB!!! What is your problem? Healthcare first. VOTE NO on Cassidy-Graham! Focus!!!
What is the evidence that cuts will generate jobs and grow GDP?
Your words are so ridiculous. You mean tax breaks for the rich. You & racist Trump are scamming us together. Poison the Earth, screw people
I am tired of politicians carrying out the bidding of the wealthy few in exchange for self-enrichment. Work for The People or leave office.
What about health care  Vote No @realDonaldTrump
Tax reform for the middle class worker.
If people and businesses were good there would be no need for government.
1)You're in the pocket of big business. 2) You don't represent your constituents. 3) This is your last term
They wouldn't be if they would treat their employees well and not screw over the citizens of Ohio and the USA.
Won't matter. My insurance wll cost more than I  make.
Ohio will be one the states hurt the worst by Graham/Cassidy bill
Ohio will be one of the states hurt the worst by Graham/Cassidy bill
You've got time to talk about everything but healthcare. What's your position Rob?
Vote NO on #GrahamCasiddy
Vote no! The bill will leave the most vulnerable ohioans without healthcare.
#VoteNoGrahamCassidyBill
So take away healthcare then give them small tax break and pat yourself on the back? We want a NO on graham-cassidy!
AND OBAMACARE!
UM no.The country is Saddled with debt. Infrastructure healthcare military where u gonna get $ for that? Not the time for cuts to revenue
#Ohioans are begging you to give them a heads up on your healthcare vote but these are your values-concern for rich corporations. #sad
2017 they call it "tax reform" in 1986 they called it trickled down economics.
Not buyin it.  Oh... and where do you stand on Graham-Cassidy?
Say something about Graham Cassidy. Why are you hiding from the healthcare issue? Show some guts.  Tell Mitch you are a no on GC. Tell Ohio.
The business owners I know personally make out fine; use biz to cover pers expenses: cars, boats, even paint on walls.
Vote against Graham/Cassidy...Republicans are working hard to destroy this country...allowing a crazy pres to lead us into war
