The "right" kind! Not Trump's kind! Do not give tax cuts to the top 1% to "help" us!
And don't forget, senator, the top 5% of wage earners pay 90% of individual taxes. Support our President!
Can you tell what your doing about healthcare and then everything else
Your tax reform helps only the rich!  Get rid of all loopholes.  Make the rich and corporations pay their share and get healthcare for all!
Since when have R's tax policy helped the middle class?  Please answer.  Trickle down is proven fraud!
Tax cuts for the rich and huge corporations is the WRONG kind of tax reform.  Support middle class & small businesses.
Supports tax cuts that actually benefit the super rich and f%ck over poor ppl and the 3 ppl left in the middle class #nicetrybeesh
We need to see Trump's tax returns before we do anything. What is he hiding? Why won't he release them?
Stop stealing our retirement funds
And healthcare Rob!
No evidence that #jobs are helped by cutting rich people's taxes. Middles don't need tax relief, they need #healthcareforall!
In 1950s/1960s my grandparents were able to support 11 children with grandfather working blue collar 6 days per week. Not possible today.
Release the GOP Tax Reform bill today.
You're a rino...
You know good an well the GOP's tax plan only makes things better for the rich; it always has. Quit pretending you care about us.
Why don't u start supporting labor unions if u want middle class raises. #fakefoxnews
This would not include cuts to Social Security and Medicaid as currently proposed #wrongway
Yes we need that but first get our house in order-protect Dreamers and immigrants who've lived here years-tweak Obamacare-infrastructure
One thing you can do today to help Ohioans is tell Marathon in Canton to hire local, the employ hundreds of out of State workers annually.
Hope your tax reform removes corporate and wealthy loopholes. How about tax on networth and not income?!?
Nope. That would be Single Payer Health Care. Which we needed yesterday. Also saw ur idea of tax reform. Tax cuts do not work
Tax cuts should and will primarily help corporations and the wealthy.  They pay the most taxes.
legalize weed, its creates jobs and revenue and cuts into the mexican drug cartel profits as well.. talk about bang for the buck
Tax reform should increase income velocity to increase growth. Giving money to the rich doesn't do that - they save it. Midl class spends it
Your income put you in the "wealthy" class, senator. Why in the hell don't you pay your own insurance?
How would Congress know a bigger bang for the buck if they haven't done tax reform in over 30 years? Sounds like more grandstanding!
We're at a point where the divide between rich & poor is widening. Please consider the consequences of tax reform that exacerbates that.
He doesn't care about that. Al he cares about is more $$$ going to the top. That's all.
Thank you @POTUS for working on #PromisesMadePromisesKept Tax Reform is a MUST! #AllAmerica can agree that taxes are TOO HIGH. Keep @ #MAGA
To control the deficit, you will have to target programs popular with the middle class and those that help the most vulnerable.
lets give the middle class a few dollars and pad the pockets of the wealthy with millions.. great effing idea, not.
Tax the wealthier more, Breaks to the middle class, raise minimum wage and single payer health care
Yes we do! Roll back taxes on the 2% to pre Reagan era and raise the income cap on Social Security. No cuts to social safety net programs.
Senator, cutting SS and Medicare to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy is ethnically vacant & morally vacuous.
Ooh boy! I can't wait to get even more screwed every year!
Too bad the reform that #GOP is planning will only help the wealthy and businesses. You only care about your #cronies
But you've skirted questions asking what you will actually do for the shrinking/mythical middle class?? We don't trust you.

#Jobs never came from corrupt tax relief for the ultra-rich, and never will. Nice try, tho 
#CorruptGOP
#GOPLies
The middleclass needs you to stop selling our future and wellbeing to the highest bidder, Rob. I'll tell you about it at yr next #TownHall
Why would the middle class care about your owners getting tax breaks?
Right. Hopefully you'll work with Dems on something that's actually for middle class not your rich peers.
a couple hundred bucks does nothing for the middle class. Give us health care and schools instead by taxing the rich
u mean the biggest bang for the buck of those Wall Street donors u serve. We know the truth. Trickle down is a lie
I agree with Sherrod Brown.
Washington's best ideas to pay for huge tax cuts for Wall St are to slash SS & then steal from workers' retirement. 
Two words: hell no. -SB 
He'll No!
Washington's best ideas to pay for huge tax cuts for Wall St are to slash SS & then steal from workers' retirement. 
Two words: hell no. -SB 
If you ever bothered listening, the middle class wants good paying jobs, not tax reform.
@embena 
@KG_Smith 
@EmmaleeKalmbach
Constituent 44074 We have gotten no promise from businesses that they'll use tax breaks to hire more workers. Many already pay ZERO in taxes
How much is your tax break?  Personally. That can be the only reason you would support it.
Why is everyone else saying this will be paid for by slashing SS and stealing retirement funds? Doesn't seem helpful to middle class.
What are the details @senrobportman? If it's tax cuts for wealthy you expect to "trickle down," it has been tried & failed.
Please close loopholes that allow people and businesses with enough money to avoid their fair share of taxes.
We need ACA fixed. What are you cutting to replace the revenue lost from the tax cuts? Hold a real town hall to discuss this.
Think FairTax!
How about #MedicareForAll or at least, decoupling health insurance from work so people have the option to pursue better jobs? #LaborReform
Hey rob why don't you lay out your specific proposals instead of typing random words like "bigger bang" and "jobs"?
Senator, your words refer to middle-class, but your actions have mostly been skewed to tax cuts for the upper class.
GHWB: "Voodoo economics."
Rob was budget director for Bush when they slashed taxes for wealthy, exploded deficit, and crashed world economy.
Yet another reason to host a #townhall #PortmanMIA
@senrobportman What WE need:

#DefendDREAMers;  

#ProtectTransTroops: VOTE YES on the @SenGillibrand @SenatorCollins ammend; & 

#SaveACA
More R
Epublicians Bullshit!
The GOP plan is to tax 401Ks to give a tax cut to millionaires. How doe that help the middle class?
The working man means nothing to you Tax cuts for the 1 precent
This is actually not the biggest bang for the buck. #FightFor15 would do more. Look it up.
Oh Rob you are full of BS. All you and GOP want is another tax cut to 1% under the guise of helping middle class. All smoke and mirrors.
did you mean "cuts"?
that, and also stopping endless war. Thanks a bunch.
Yes, the middle class enjoys watching the rich get richer SO MUCH that we'd like you to give them a big tax cut.
You might be a neo-Nazi if you pander to white supremacists to pass #taxreform. Republicans: party of economic catastrophe.
