anyone you endorse after Devos means there are serious concerns- we should oppose your picks, follow the $$$$$$$$$
Another reason? It sounds like you already made up your mind - prior to the confirmation hearings.
you owe your constituents an explanation about Garland. This Supreme Court seat was high jacked
Democrats are too smart to fall for this one! Go back to sleep 
You would confirm the devil himself if Trump nominated him. Though I'm pretty sure Trump@is actually the antichrist so...
Too bad our president doesn't seem to recognize this.
You would say that about anyone tRUMP picked. After all you voted yes for Betsy. Or was that because of the Big donation 2 U?
. Re Judge Gorsuch. I hope congress shows the same courage the Judge showed in supporting the separation of powers vs. DJT.
Or you could give Merrill Garland the respect and attention he deserves instead.
And an even better reason to confirm Merrick Garland
Your endorsement of Devos may end up being your political undoing.
. Devon& Sessions. Bad choices. If u stand tall against DJT u have chance to be re elected. People remember.
Garland also knew this.
Merrick B.Garland is a candidate who had support from Rep in the past deserves the nomination!  #SCOTUS #StopPresidentBannon
- Garland was due the same respect and you neglected that responsibility. When will #RNC be reasonable? Compromise lol
garland!!!!
How about a town hall here at home and we can talk about it?
Will you tell Benefactor Betsy that Ohio schools are having a grizzly outbreak? No? *hands you a check* cool, thanks Senator.
how about the 3 million reasons to confirm Merrick Garland... as in the margin of the popular vote Clinton won...
did you vote to allow Merrick Garland an up or down vote on his merits? If you didn't, why should we listen to you now?
Yes, Rob. Perhaps you can make time to answer your constituents? Or will it cost $51K?
Another disappointing decision. I know how the Jews felt in Germany when Hitler came into power. How can this happen again?
Please present a bill to force Federal Judges to follow the US Constitution & if not remove them from the court systems!!
Of course, right after you review and confirm the last President's choice: Merrick Garland.
just like you to support corporate interests over the interests of real people. Follow the herd.
stand up the the bully DT. put the fear in you all to call him out. Does DT understand the 3 branches of Government. IDK
so did Garland #hypocrisy
uh, no. That is basically Constitution 101. I would expect a more thorough examination of his Constitutional interpretations.
I may give you this one, but I thought the same of Roberts & he gave us Citizens United.  Pass a law that nullifies that, ok?
I appreciate Gorsuch's dismay at Trump's disparaging judges. But this SCOTUS seat belongs to a moderate like Garland.
WRONG. Did you notice there is no diversity in #45's cabinet? Omarosa & Carson DO NOT COUNT.
Do you even like the people of Ohio?
Very disappointed with senate behavior. #ShePersisted
Except for Sherrod Brown!  At least HE represents Ohioans and not his own bank account, like Portman!!
he's got my support.
Senators need term limits and you're a big reason why. #LetOhioKidsDown
Portman is bought and paid for.  A complete sell out and NOT worthy of being called an 'Ohioan'!
but you didn't seem to care about an independent Attorney General...As a CCDS alum, I'm ashamed of your vote for Sessions.
At least Gorsuch has balls to let trump know when he's "demoralizing" and "disheartening"!
Unlike YOU, who sold out for 51k!
But DT does not -- another reason to remove him from office
and an independent legislature!
NO you have stolen enough that is not your seat to fill.
you vote yes for every Republican nominee; what difference does it make?
This is not a center nomination. The reason for a consensus vote.
Will Gorsuch be disheartened and demoralized by that stolen seat?
Merrick Garland held the same basic understanding of the Constitution in his confirmation hearings. Oh, wait.
Another reason to start standing up to the executive wing yourself.
Ur rubber stamp for cabinet noms will likely be ur undoing. Your vote may be able to be bought. Mine isn't. Nyet to Puzdner
Interpreting the Constitution based on what the framers intended in 1797 simply does not apply to 2017. It feels backward.
He also thinks corporations are people. I expect you will question him about this.
How much did Gorsuch pay for your vote?
Of course you'll confirm him despite it being President Obama's seat to fill.  One more cowardly bend-of-the-knee to Trump.
Does that mean you support the courts overturning Trump's Muslim ban? Won't @SenMajLeader spank you?
Too bad Congress doesn't realize they are supposed to be a check on the Executive Branch. Instead you support everything.
How about you ask him some questions in public about his previous cases, personal property rights??
So the founders would have endorsed fascism clubs and corrupt political families?
you have time to tweet about your confirmations, but not time to respond to your constituents regarding these choices. Sad!
.@senrobportman Don't start with bi-partisanship now. You are spineless when it counts
I know of two other judges who love an independent judiciary:
1. Merrick Garland.
2. Just about every other judge in America.
we have to take the constitution in CONTEXT.  The founders were not infallible, and we aren't still carrying muskets. ADAPT.
Believing in our three branches of government is a reason to confirm? That's a pretty low bar.
you showed such poor judgment on DeVos. Can't trust your judgment on this either. Won't make mistake of voting for u again
Ohio doesn't trust you anymore because of that $51k DeVos vote.
when you sold Ohio schools out for $51K did you know @marcorubio cost almost twice that to buy his favor? #cheap
please don't try to speak on behalf of the founding fathers. What is going on in DC is a debacle. Shutting down @SenWarren?
the Founders ALSO got it right when they made the Legislative Branch separate from the Executive. How about it?
Goog question!They charged the legislative branch w/providing advise and consent on nominees, not rubber stamps
everyday I regret my decision in November thanks to this and @BetsyDeVos
sorry, but nothing going on in Washington D.C. even remotely resembles the America that I learned about in school.
I will work very hard to get you defeated when your term is up, and I will contribute heavily to your competition.
you have terrible judgement.
What about Merrick Garland?  How was his record?
Did you get that from Breitbart News?
if you only really believed that.
what about Judge Garland views?you don't know because he didn't get courtesy of a meeting! #hypocriteGOP
Bragging on NPR about your decision to support DeVos & Sessions IN SPITE OF your constituents' disapproval; WE WON'T FORGET!
how do you know this?! Did he whisper his secret opinions in your ear? Without a concrete statement we know nothing
what about Merrick Garland?
Respectfully, Senator, he also believes corporations are people. Another reason not to confirm him. #SCOTUSnominee
Do you agree with @realDonaldTrump trying to discredit Federal Judges for not agreeing with him? #behonest
does the hypocrisy hurt?? Itch maybe?? $51,000 should help cure it... oh and Merrick ?right...

Please insist he demonstrates #independentjudiciary; explain #corporationsarepeople Can he stand up to #POTUS? @senrobportman #SCOTUS
we've managed just fine with a SCOTUS vacancy for the last year... Let's save that 9th seat for Jesus!

Yes to DeVos. Yes to Rule 19. Yes to Sessions. Plus $51 grand. 
@senrobportman has NO conscience and NO character.
I think ur one of the good ones sir, but what happened w Garland is not cool.
Watching and waiting for Senate republicans to think about what they're doing.
I can't wait to donate to your opponent's campaign.
things aren't looking good for your political future, Rob. Are you feeling it?
Merrick Garland
.@senrobportman Yeah, because we know the GOP is neither independent, nor willing to investigate one of their own.
I don't understand why you did not approve of Merrick Garland.
Next vote stealing medicare from Ohio senior citizens Children, women and senior citizens mean nothing to you
Portman is a spineless weasel.
You undermined Constitution, democracy, the court, Founding Fathers' vision, & Gorsuch when GOP denied Garland due process.
So did Merrick Garland.
That's great! We'll get right to that after confirming Garland. I know how much GOP opposes obstruction.
Your nothing more than a GOP Puppet
Except for the whole hating women thing, of course.
You should have had a confirmation hearing for Merrick Garland.
If that's the case WHY WON'T HE SAY SO PUBLICALLY? Why do we need you to act as his go between? Is he afraid of Trump???
Didn't Merrick Garland support an independent judiciary too? #SCOTUS #NotoNeil
Did he bribe you too?
As soon as Merrick Garland gets his hearings we can talk about Gorsuch
I agree Gorsuch should be confirmed. Right after Garland.
Puppetshow theater by Bannon. Gorsuch will be just another Trump rubber stamp shill.
An independent judiciary chosen by the SITTING president. Garland didn't even get a hearing. Neither should Gorsuch #SCOTUS
how do I go about trusting you when you sold out Ohio schools for $51K?
right after Merrick Garland gets his hearing/vote
Puts him at conflict with his boss. The founders also understood the importance of education, unlike you. #DumpPortman2022
another reason to vote for someone would be if they paid you $51,000
.@senrobportman Gee, how about an independent legislature too?
Republicans United Against DEMOCRACY That's SAD But TRUE AMERICA
you may want to send POTUS schoolhouse rock so he can figure that out.
