No laws were being broken. This was a political decision. Let's not make stuff up.

Do you have any other info from Sept 9, 2017?  Ball scores would be handy, we could make some bets and clean up.
Supporters of 45 have self-identified as racists by virtue of their applauding his pardon of a racist and now against dreamers. Rule of law
only applies to their racist, white supremacist agenda.
Sorry @senrobportman, at first I thought you were talking about criminal contempt of court and police stops to demand citizenship papers.
Sounds like you are literally running for dog catcher.
Republicons don't handle ANY issue in a humane and compassionate way. You block reform for immigration, health care, gun violence, ...
You seem to pick and choose which laws you feel need to be respected.   I tried to like you but you disappoint daily.  You need to leave!
Where was your concern for the rule of law when trump pardoned Arpaio? When he implemented discrimination in the military? Crickets.
Where is your bill to solve the DACA  problem?
Please give these law-abiding, hardworking young people a path to citizenship.  They are part of what makes us great.
This argument is moot when joe arpaio has been pardoned for breaking the law and flaunting it
There’s a pitbull in Lakewood, OH, that is being told to leave within 30 days. #helpCharlie Senator! Sheesh.
So are you advocating for a 2 tiered legal system? If you're here illegally you get to break US laws, if you're a US citizen you don't?
Remind me your position on President Trump's executive order on immigration from mostly Islamic countries? Beyond "not properly vetted"
You realize this is the weakest, most arbitrary, meaningless statement you could have made? Also speak with @PatTiberi bc he wants 'em gone
He might take that as a challenge. He specializes in meaningless statements.
#DACA is the same as the #ACA - you don't lift a finger to make it better, rather you quietly cheer for its demise so your donors are happy.
Holding you accountable "allow those in the DACA program to stay here"
Respecting inhumane laws is inhumane
It's up to you - let's see if the House and Senate can re-learn how to govern! Keep DACA support and pass a daggone law! You can DO it!
Take action immediately & support the dreamers. We are all generations of immigrants. Give them path to citizenship.
Policy prescription is naive with unintended consequences. 'Citizens' shouldn't have mixed allegiances; to USA and illegal parents in USA!
Like #Arpaio rule of law? Pardoning him means federal rulings no longer mean anything.
The President pardoned a former sheriff that disregards our laws. Interesting!!!
You have only "respected the rule of law" when it was convenient and in your best interest to do so.
So Muslim ban ok...rule of law! Deferred action on deportation not ok ...rule of law! Please explain the difference. Oh wait iokiyar.
Should we respect the rule of law? I thought we had a king now and it's everybody for themselves.
Don't call it unconstitutional if it was never found to be so in court. This administration chose not to defend it, so we'll never know.
Good words, @senrobportman , but must be followed by action. Will you support CIR this time?
So DEAL WITH IT THEN. Pass immigration reform. Quit acting helpless and do your job. #DACA
Then DEAL with it. Obama circumvented the constitution because congress couldn't get their act together. Even Bush understood this
Then make some humane and compassionate laws. It's literally your job.
#DeedsNotWords Senator. Talk is cheap. Co sponsor Senate Bill 1615 to save the #Dreamers (it's even a Republican bill so it's painless).
Your official statement is malarkey
He said he would end DACA. You supported/continue to support him.
Now you're against unpopular decision?
Per potus re Muslim ban, he has near absolute control over immigration.  Doesn't apply to DACA? Isn't that hypocritical?

In other words, open the camps.
Rule of law, Senator?  Doesn't the WH claim, in the travel ban, the WH has unfettered power in immigration matters?  Ironic, hypocritical?
If u respect the rule of law u would have no respect for POTUS-he flouts laws everyday. Support the Dream Act- ending DACA was cruel/wrong!
Remember, you DO have a conscience and a mind. Don't just buy into the Rep agenda. #DACA kids are not taking freedom for granted, they work!
Can't wait to see the DACA bill you co-sponsor. These are lives. Do something.
Then put all the trumps in jail  #fakefoxnews
@BarackObama asked congress (you included in that group) for years to send him a bill but you wouldn't do it. You must act now. #daca
"Rule of Law"  coming from anyone in the GOP is just hollow words.
Senator,

Asking you to protect the potential of #DREAMers
They work hard, pay taxes, and  the ! They belong here.

#PassTheDreamAct
#KingOfDoublespeak strikes again. Mealy-mouthed, nothing-burger statement. Where do you stand!? What do you propose!? LEAD!!
#DACA was deemed constitutional in ruling against Arpaio when he tried to sue Obama.  Would be preferable of course for congress to act.
You have the power to make this happen by passing DACA into law. If you believe any of what you Tweet, you'll lead the way.
You have zero reliability sir. You serve a prez who lied to us and a AG who perjured himself twice. What law are you referring to?
Millennials w/o college degrees have highest unemployment rates among their peers. DACA expands labor pool, puts downward pressure on wages.
I guess the swamp can show the country that it is okay to break the law of the land if you just have enough people to back you up.
What the hell does that mean
Toeing the GOP line.  Again.  When will you speak for Ohioans?
Bullshit Portman.
SO CO-SPONSOR THE DREAM ACT. FULL STOP.
RULE OF LAW. How do figure your party supports rule of law and a pardon of Joe Arpiao??  Your silence on that speaks volumes.
Don't call this a statement. Statements mean something, by definition. These are just a bunch of words. Act NOW to #defendDACA
Sir, your "statement" indicating is unconstitutional is wrong.  You should read John McCain 's statement and plagiarize.
Tell this to Comrade Donny, he pardoned Arpaio, KGB Donny likes to pardon himself, Michael Flynn, Manafort & others before convicted
Sorry, but we have little faith in Congress these days. They've been talking about immigration reform for more than 10 years.
Having the courage & compassion to stand up for humanity are not things #Republicans are doing very well now. Stand up to POTUS. #ohio #DACA
"Rule of Law"? I guess the rule of law only applies if you are not an old white guy that Trump likes.
4)  After the vote, will issue another non-statement statement (end)
3)  Will tweet a picture of himself studying the legislation, but won't commit to how he will vote.
2)  The senator tweets something no one could argue with but does not call out the President by name.  Tries to implicate Pres. Obama.
Did they give you this to you guys to copy and paste?
Did not hear a word about it in his telephone town hall In fact there was a lot of things I did not hear or get to ask. He ended it too soon
1)  Portman playbook.  Trump says something outrageous, mean, racist or dishonest (or all of the above)
EOs happen when Congress doesn't do it's job. #DefendDREAMers NOW, & stop blaming Obama. Your party is in power; act to #DefendDACA
76% of Americans support DACA and want Dreamers to stay in America.  http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/349316-poll-76-percent-of-voters-say-dreamers-should-be-allowed-to … …
Many people are angry that you guys keep playing political hot potato with issues that affect so many of our lives.
More doublespeak.  Is this like the ACA, where you pretend have compassion and roll over in the final hour?
Fix this.   Don't be a coward.
You need to vote no on anything the cheeto mussolini wants passed
Speaking of the rule of law, did I miss your statement on the Arpaio pardon?
You can't have it both ways. Please show some courage & take a stand.
Save your rule of law angle-you were silent on the Arpaio pardon-that was the biggest slap in the face to the rule of law. Shame on you!
SHOULD respect the rule of law? Did you actually read your oath of office or did you just dumbly repeat what you were told. Obvious, I know.
I didn't like any of the weasel gifs, @senrobportman, but I wanted you to know I looked for one.
One way to deal with it going forward is to prevent the situation in the first place. It has never been legal for these kids to come here.
I have no clue what you are trying to say or not say, but it isn't #DefendDREAMers
We would not have gotten here had Congress had really cared and did something before now. We are so tired of your talking and blaming Dems
R u going 2b repeating this for the next 6 mo like you've been with your end human trafficking thing?  I agree, but ur gonna drive me nuts.
What's your plan?  I willing to bet you don't have one.  #resign
Respect the rule of law, huh? What law did dreamers (minors) break? Meanwhile, 85yo men pardoned for violating numerous laws, and you are 
Can you be a bit more wishy washy?
"We can and should respect the rule of law."  Exactly what the folks said when they arrested her too.
President Obama was forced to act when Congress refused to do so. Republicans need to step up & show that they care about humans.
You Sir have no spine. Can't wait to vote against you.
Talk is cheap. Do something. So far Congress has accomplished nothing but blowing hot air this year.
What are you going to do about @POTUS if you are such a believer in respecting the law?
Rob's doesn't respect the law! Look at how he votes! He's probably a 100% vote in line with everything #45 wants! #spinelessrobportman
Senator, that is nice rhetoric-but what is your answer? It is way past time for an actual program.
What makes Obama's EO's "unconstitutional" but Trump's EO's just fine and dandy? P.S.-#DACA was Obama's response to inactive Congress.
Obama used his executive powers to legislate. Pres Trump placed the legislative burden where it belongs:  in the hands of Congress!!
That doesn't answer my question, Karen. Both presidents have issued executive orders in order to legislate. It's what EOs do.
But you will go along like you always do. Does anyone even read these? Send me a sign. A "f*ck off" will do.
Support is one thing. Doing is another. Why don't you do something about it?  Do your job.
This is action that could have and should have been taken long ago. Quit standing on platitudes and get busy.
If you believed in the rule of law, you'd denounce the administration's decision on Joe Arpaio. But you won't.
Please show some moral leadership in the Senate, Ohio is counting on you to step up.
Then why didn't you do something before #sad #DREAMer
Oh for fuck sake, will you take a hard stance on anything? You can't be everything to everyone. Fucking take a stand.
What about the law when it came to Joe Arpaio? Didn't feel the need to respect any law then right? You support him you own this.
Please don't hold out by not voting to pass legislation
I hope you mean that, Senator, and fight any efforts to hold DREAMers 'hostage' for wall funding.
Ending #DACA affects 100s of 1000s of people who came here b/c parents brought them. It's not a crime to be here w/o papers. Help them!
What about Arpaio pardon?  Did that respect the rule of law?
What does this mean? Can you be anything other than strategically oblique?
Words words words. Do-nothing @senrobportman strikes again.
How about keep DACA until y'all in Congress get to work on a permanent fix, instead he cancelled it, putting hundreds of thousands in peril.
You have done nothing for last 8 years. Congress is worthless. Our taxes are a waste paying you a salary.
What was your position on Arpaio pardon? Thanks!
It was GOP who killed this last time.  Let's see you lead
So, help your colleagues in the House and Senate to make some humane and compassionate law.
#DREAMers are citzens in all but name, Senator. Their lives are woven with ours, most know no other nation. We should welcome them legally.
Take it up with @SenFeinstein :
. What stinky b.o. done was not humane. he broke the law, and he lied to those people. Your as bad because you supported him.
Ending #DACA is bad economics & bad optics - our government should keep its promises. @senrobportman, please support the DREAM Act.
Its high time to do the RIGHT thing, not the political thing! Support the dreamers!!!!!
#hypocrisy on rule of law after your #complicit silence on Arpaio pardon. #DefendDREAMers and pass #S1615
Should you be held responsible for what happened to you when you were 3y? Cut #DACA some slack...quickly.
If I'm not mistaken writing good laws and changing bad laws is kinda of your job is it not?
Meaning Hispanics must go because @SenateMajLdr #NOTMYPOTUS said so 
Taking the party line-what a coward.
Wow! Would you like some sugar-free tapioca to go with that mayonnaise?
The GOP has no decency .
There you go side stepping again instead of doing what is right. You're a charlatan Portman and everyone knows it. #neveragain
The GOP will regret the DACA decision.
They have had time to start the legal process but refused.
Arpaio broke the law. Trump pardoned him. You said nothing. Your #DACA statement is the sound of Republicans' moral vacuum.
Where was the" respect the rule of law" when Mitch refused confirmation hearing on Garland?
Do.  It. Don't just tweet.
If the laws are unjust, then it's YOUR JOB to pass ones that are just!  Cosponsor the Dream Act (S.1615)
The Senator's tweet implies that he is helpless in the matter.  Leadership is not the Senator's strength.
Why won't you hold Trump to respect the rule of law?  Party over People....disgusting!
You are incapable of condemning the head of your party for racism. What do you know about humanity?
Finally you speak "respect the rule of law" .Took you 5 yrs to say & then waited to get ok from GOP to blame Obama. So how compassionate r u
Rob, we all know there are only 2 endings for this charade.
The end of the GOP or the end of the USA. Which team are you on?
It's either this or that.
Respect the rule of law, or let everyone in.

NO FENCE WALKING!!
How about legislation that benefits VOTING LEGAL CITIZENS FIRST.   Clearly you only care about illegals who can't vote and vote you out.
Yes, rule of law is crucial.  Unfortunately we have a POTUS who only believes in feudal law.
You've had how many years? Stop blaming Obama for once and get to it! #DACA
Your words: I support bipartisan efforts to find a permanent solution that will allow those in the DACA program to stay here and continue 1
to contribute to our society. We will hold you accountable to your words. We are counting on you. Please don't let us down. 2/2 end
Bull shit... nothing Trump does is humane or compassionate. You back him and are afraid to speak against him. Shame on you. Lives matter.
Put American citizens first. That's who you work for. No amnesty or anything even close. They need to return to their countries
This is their country.
What he heck does that mean? Speak plainly, man. People are worried and incredibly angry.
Was coming here to say just this. His tweet is too vague.
Shame on you, @senrobportman. If you believed this you would be racing to help these people rather than issuing vanilla, partisan statements
GOP boilerplate. You're all using the exact same words to show your "compassion". Since it isn't an original thought, it means nothing
You know, you can change the law. Ask @marcorubio to help, see if you guys can go beyond platitudes.
Yes laws should be followed and how many do we bend and adjust to fit the needs of today's society! Take action not make statements!
So you support the dreamers & will urge your colleagues in Congress to take action to protect them, right?
Nope.  Patented Portman double speak.  Plays both sides.  No courage.
DACA happened because Congress couldn't do their job. It's a really simple issue, and you get a second chance.
While we're on the subject....We must do away w/birthright citizenship, allowing children to immediately collect free US benefits/welfare.
Rob - wake up. GOP has implemented a ton of hateful policy based on lies and bogus facts, w/ little regard to "rule of law."  STAND UP
Will allowing them to remain set a precedence that we will not uphold the law?
What color does a person's skin have to be to be ineligible for the rule of law?
ask Trump. He just pardoned a person convicted of several federal crimes while saying we should respect the rule of law
Why respect the rule of law when it comes to Dreamers but not when it comes to the President?
Exactly.  How many laws has Trump trampled over w/out an issue? DACA - It isn't REQUIRED legally.  It portrays his racist agenda.
