
Meaning you must #standuptoTrump, #votecountryoverparty and reach across the aisle.  When will Ohioans see this happen?
Remember those dreams you used to have of maybe running for president someday? They are dead now.
I feel like you gave up when you voted to repeal when we asked you to do the very thing you're saying you need to do.
Thank you for tweeting in a non-offensive manner. I would Like congress to work together for equal access to affordable quality healthcare
Can't give up on democracy either  #majority rules except for presidential election & #BCRA?  @JohnKasich saved 19/20 counties #ACA market
U put party over Ohioans' lives/health. U sold us out every vote. Brown,Collins,Murkowski,McCain,Dems,all stood up for us.#NeverPortman
With a few changes to encourage insurers to offer plans everywhere, the ACA is what you have been advocating for. Why not work with Dems...
...to make those changes? Or are you so obligated to the GOP party that you can't do what is right? Stop the lip service and get to work
End the Nightmare! Help our President Trump Win!
Rob Portman, are you for full repeal or a fix to the ACA?
You will have to stop being a toady for big pharma before that can happen.
Fix ACA. Not repeal. You sold us all out for your party.

Some good news for Obamacare in Ohio: insurers will fill 19 of the state’s empty 20 counties. 

http://www.insurance.ohio.gov/Newsroom/Pages/07312017ExchangeCounties.aspx …
Single payer
Yeah, Senator Portman, represent the will of the majority of your constituents, for once, instead of your elitist corporate masters.
The Democrats are happy to work with you if you manage to detach from Mitch's leash.
Or pull his lips off TurtleHead's wrinkled rear.
Need primary contest against Portman. I won't vote for him again util he pushes to get rid of ALL OF OBAMACARE! Give us a true conservative
Disappointed in you not voting for repeal. But AARP and other lobbying groups are well-funded. Tons of negative radio ads. No positive ads.
Medicaid for Everyone

Why would you vote for a bill hoping that the house would vote it down. I am glad three republicans put the country before party.
You know the inevitable answer, don't you Rob? If you and your party were not just a pack of corporate tools, you'd see we need universal HC
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891726808026144772 …
Yes, thank you!!!  Now is time to develop a #bipartisan #solution for #healthcare !!!  The American people (& Ohioans) deserve nothing less!
No one believes a word you say. How stupid do you take us? #fakeconservative #fakerepublican
Why can't you and the others give us the same healthcare that you have?  Why hurt us?  Shameful!!!!!

Please work with Sen. Lamar Alexander, on legislation to “stabilize and strengthen the individual health insurance market” for 2018. Redeem.
Congratulations for these smug, meaningless remarks.
The plan you got elected to implement was repeal. You need to be recalled and it has to happen immediately I'd rather have a Dem than you
Lot of talk about "reaching across the aisle", dems aren't interested in participation just demagoguery, '18 premiums up big time and rising
Stay out of our lives our business and our healthcare!
I am available as someone on ACA to share my experience and energy to help you and other legislators write a good bill.
You musta been really proud of the plan, doing it in secret and voting in the middle of the night
Check out the list of 13 Sen LOCKED up to "get a plan." They each got THOUSANDS of $$$'s from Ins & Phrm LOBBYISTS. CH#3 on list!!
You voted to rip coverage away from thousands of Ohio's "most vulnerable," but now more of this hollow rhetoric.

No one's buying it anymore
I am certainly not buying it!
Exactly
No taxpayer bailout of states that took upfront $'s from Fed for Ocare (Kasich-OH). @RepBrianFitz
Portability, purchase ins across state lines & tort reform 4 starters.  @RepBrianFitz
Don't forget Rob Portman voted to take our right to health care away. He'll pay for that when he's up for reelection in 2022
This could have been you, Rob Portman. If only you'd stood up for Ohioans' care.
@lisamurkowski  Visiting your great state, witnessing appreciation for your strength: "Sen Murkowski Thank U 4 Saving Our Care!" (Anchorage) 
"A double minded man is unstable in all his ways."
If you truly believe what you say, It's time to stand up and LEAD your party. Show some courage!
Ohioans cannot take another insurance increase. GOP must figure it out.
ACA works far better for the majority of Ohioans than any plan knocking off 16+mil ppl. You didn't listen to the voters on this one . Coward
Yet you'll take your leave in August because you don't mean anything you say, just a democrat playing republican for the votes.
Now is the time for YOU to lead a #bipartisan address to improving ACA insurance exhcanges and opioid crisis.  Leave #Medicaid alone.
There comes a time when we have to stand our ground. You have majority to do this. Why the quagmire? #FullRepeal! #FightForLiberty!
Republicans are SO not working for all Americans. Fix this, fix YOU, represent Us here in Ohio, the real people, not the corporations
#hypocrite.    Wanna sit behind closed doors refusing to work together and then blame not working together #trumpspuppet #hack
Time to stabilize the marketplace,reform pharmaceutical/medical astronomical costs,and make private premiums tax deductible!Or singlepayer
Maybe this had something to do with your vote?
MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
Loyal Republicans are very disappointed that you can't seem to keep your promise of #FullRepeal. FIX IT!! #FightForLiberty
Do you even read your tweets?  Do you hear your constituents?  Who do you serve?
their healthcare. We'll treat you the same at election time. You'll want to keep your job but we'll vote for someone else
There is a price for your blatant lack of empathy and politicing
Reform Medicaid! Put a copay on it. Needs more oversight.
Yep. No able bodied adult should receive Medicaid without work/job search/ training requirements, and any savings pay down debt. Will likely
save more money than repealing Medicaid expansion. Add Cruz and Portman Amendments, price transparency, portability, and association plans.
You're full of it.
Fix. What. Is. Broke.  Do you rich people just buy new cars when the old ones run out of gas? What's wrong with you?
WE DON'T TRUST YOU
The saddest part-all the rush, just so Trump can chalk a "win." You & the GOP are committing legislative malpractice
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/891481635610398720 …


Another useless tweet & still to scared to face us in a town hall meeting or answer our tweets! Can we at least get a like?#ProtectOurCare
I don't understand how republicans came together 7 times and repealed Obama care but now u have house,Senate,WH and you decide not to.
Then don't listen to our President and let ACA collapse and hurt Ohioans. Do your job! Work together to fix it.
For the umpteenth time, it's called Obamacare!
It's called Obamacare. Sheesh. How many times do I have to remind you?
Exactly @CitizenMom47 ! In what fresh hell does the Trumpcare monstrosity "improve" anything for anyone? Esp. OH's most vulnerable:
Just keep your promise to #REPEALObamacare TOTALLY! NO trumpcare! #FightForLiberty!
Yes, work with Dems to fix ACA. It is cruel what you & GOP are doing. People are frightened.We will remember this GOP fiasco in future votes
Stop doing what Mitch wants you to do and start doing what Ohio voters want you to do.
Just a reminder, Sen PORTMAN, that you said you were against the AHCA, but you already voted yes on it twice 
Just to be clear, AHCA is still alive and on the Senate calendar. It can be called up when and if McConnell has 50 votes. 
He has 49.
Senator PORTMAN. You voted for *THIS* 
Yea right next time I give you any time will be when I get to the voting booth and my checkmark is going elsewhere buh bye Rob

You. Have. Had. 8. Years. 

Good grief I despise you, @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan SO. MUCH.
You put party above the people. Unforgivable! Why should we trust you to do the right thing now or ever again?
Bipartisan, please.
YOU. HAD. SEVEN. FREAKING. YEARS!.
when your third tweet is #allcaps - hoots is raging. #hootievein #makehimstripe
Grow a pair
You failed
You won't hurt your constituents EXCEPT when you vote. You are a real profile in cowardice.
#FullReal....or did you forget your promise you turncoat. #FullRepeal. #FightForLiberty
We saw your votes. Your words are meaningless.
Evil coward.
Sens & Reps seem to be the ONLY ones who haven't figured out you have to work together. Take repeal off the table and get to work.
You better start listening to taxpayers instead of Kochs and Mercers. 3million calls placed by AARP members alone against Repeal/TrumpCare
Totally agree! Work with the Dems to fix the ACA and stabilize the insurance market.
Work bipartisan to fix the health exchanges.
POTUS is willing to destroy the markets, harm millions, because he didn't get his way. When will GOP act on an unfit to serve POTUS?

Starting to think you're a Teapartier. Ditch the ideological bent you assumed during healthcare votes! Start THINKING FOR YOURSELF!
Dems have been trying to work with you. Include them (women too). Listen to your constituents for once. You work for them.
Yes, "work together." The #BCRA bills YOU voted for were WORSE than #ACA. so, you have to move LONG way toward middle to meet Dems.
You've had 7yrs 2 come together. Either do it or shut up. You've done nothing 2 help, just voted yes on what your R colleagues call disaster
So we have a square wheel just work with Dems and make it round.  POTUS doesn't need Medicare Medicaid or Soc Sec your constituents do.
Does that include @sensherrodbrown and other dems or just mcconnel writing whatever bills he wants and forcing 2am votes
Good try trying to distance yourself.  You voted yes, WE WILL REMEMBER
No caps, pre-exist cond.'s ok, ACA income guidlines stay, no money OUT of medicaid... good start. Wrk 2gether. listen to med. professionals.
Go through committee and include Dems in a compromise plan.....DO YOUR JOB
You're Congress, not us.
congress has one and only one job now. remove Trump. Today. now.
You go first.  Shed your absolute loyalty to party and show Ohio true leadership.
Telling us does nothing. WE KNOW THAT. Don't speak, do. Show us you believe that.
When Rob Portman was given the chance to take Medicaid away from Ohioans, he pounced on it. That's all you need to now about this guy.
Well that means you have to start listening to Ohioans and start working with democrats.  Rob you are a complete disaster
You voted for the Skinny Repeal. I will vote for your opponent at election time. Good day, sir.
Rob, Please stop tweeting and have a face to face town hall.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
Agree! Walk down the hall to Senator Brown's office and get to work. The country needs a bipartisan effort that all can support.
You voted yes.  Yeah. I trust you.
Trump has now threatened your healthcare, if you don't take healthcare from millions of Americans. Wake up, before this man destroys us al!
Give repeal & replace a rest. Ffs. Listen to your constituents and the rest of the country. Only 16% approve of repeal. Fully fund the ACA.
It's disingenuous to say that people want to do nothing and that passing an ill conceived, bad bill was your only option.
How about you give  @SenatorCollins or ANY of your democrat colleagues a call and offer to work with them to fix the ACA
Better means less people uninsured- does @MerriamWebster need to send you the definition of "better?"
Not Repeal either, but fix what's wrong for the majority, not just for privileged upper & upper middle classes & 50+ employee corps!
Let's talk about it at your next town hall meeting.
#StateFairTownHall
Help your constituents by fixing what we have. After all, that's what we have been asking of you. You're supposed to be working for us...
Shit or get off the pot. You say one thing and vote differently every time. Move forward with a single payer plan or step aside.
And not single payer! Get government out of healthcare.
No point in reinventing the wheel.  Fix ACA as a bipartisan coalition. Time to be big boys and girls and work together. 1929 days. #2022
How many times have we heard this Senator?
Together is the operative word. Reach across the aisle
Time to call @SenSherrodBrown ! Come up with a plan for us!
Improve ACA not sabotage it.
What u mean to say is the president is pissed off & u (his minions) must scurry and make good on his promise.  It's a good time 2 think 4 us

An encouraging trend, indeed. @ATTN 
yes, refuse to sit on another closed door panel that excludes women and dems! Bipartisanship is the *only* way to go
You failed! Get ready to retire
Tell GOP to stop sabotaging the ACA. From day one, and currently.
Dems are already on it. You ready to work together? Benn waiting for you at the table.
Then why your vote for the "skinny" bill?
Please tell me all these tweets aren't in response to 45's twitter threats
You vote with Trump every time. Don't pretend anything else.  Portman=Trump.
Just improve ACA. Bipartisan committee, no lobbyist for drug & insurance. Medicare 55&up, low cost plan for 18-25,  Medicaid for cancer.
We've been telling you that for months here in the Twitter. Maybe you should come talk to your constituents a bit more. Please work together
Please work together and in public with some transparency.
i see your words but watching what you do is when i become disappointed
Why do u want to work together now? Afraid Two Scoops is going to take away your HC? Stop talking do something.
Congress??? You mean like working with the Democrats?  They have ideas.
That's all anyone ever wanted
#SinglePayerNow
Why don't we talk about this face-to-face. Which day will you be at the Fair? #StateFairTownHall
that would be no cuts to Medicaid or Medicare bolster the healthcare. We can't afford to live, raise children and pay for the elderly
Working together is exactly what the GOP has not done on healthcare.
working together means not in secret springing random bills for a vote.   Working together means talking with Democrats about ACA fixes.
Don't like it, suggest something else.  For example I suggest Single Payer.
You need to give up on the twitter and TV crap and start SHOWING UP, like your constituents have been. Defend your BS at a #REALTownHallNOW.
If you hadn't wasted years on the repeal nonsense it could have
been fixed. Reach across the aisle and get to work.
Key words: work together. Reach across the aisle to craft bipartisan solutions to the flawed BUT NOT FAILING ACA!
"Congress" isnt the problem. The senate is the problem. HOR did their job. Blame people like... say... robbie
Oh, as a person who lives in your district guess what you be doing after the next election. NOTHING because you sold your soul to Trump
working TOGETHER IS KEY...anything done by ONE party alone will never work
Could that plan possibly involving getting rid of the immoral, incompetent president?
If that's the case why did you vote 'yes' on the 'skinny repeal bill'...
When you say "work together" do you mean ALL senators or just those @SenateGOP  appointed by MM to meet behind close doors in the wee hours?
We've pretty much given up on you. You were part of the last clique that crafted a horrific plan that would have only made things worse.
U voted to defend plan parenthood.  Wth! Do your job! Pick up the phone & call schumer. Grow up . I'm sick of excuses from your party
Your voting history is not better for Ohio or Americans just big Pharma and insurance companies. All Americans deserve same plan as congress
How about access to your federal benefit plans? Still a market solution at lower premiums.
Want a "better" plan? Why don't you start by *not* taking health care away from tens of millions of Americans, including veterans & seniors?
You've had seven years! What is your plan!? You voted to take healthcare away from poor people.
How about starting with price controls on premiums and prescriptions?
You and your party don't have the skills or knowledge to even come close to tackling this issue. You gave up long ago as, we saw this week.
Support and improve the ACA.  Stop sabotaging it.  After all, it's a Republican plan, so why are you against it? (Yeah, I do know why.)
Congress, i.e., you Republicans who control it, could start by ending your deliberate sabotage, fund the risk corridors and CSRs, and
Senator, you're beginning to sound desperate. It's finished. It's dead.
It's on a to-do list with getting McConnell a heart, Ryan a brain and Cruz a moist towelette.
You sided with those who didn't elect you. I don't want single payer system. Get Gov out of my HC!
So, why did you vote yes on the "skinny bill"? Because, you are afraid to stand up for Americans? #coward
We had a plan until you screwed it up by injecting uncertainty and doubt. The ACA helped MY family. (You lost your job with your YES vote.)

You broke your promise to your voters. You promised to fight for middle class, then turn your back on our pain under ACA.
Work to fix the ACA, in open with Dems. or just give up and tell Trump to stop trying to destablize markets.
Practice what you preach.
Commit to work with @SenSherrodBrown @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenKamalaHarris and develop a realistic plan. Fix ACA so no disruption.
Glad 2 see u finally use 'together'. I hope by that u mean include Democrats. Both sides need 2 admit u need each other 4 good legislation
To be clear: KOCH MONEY = BLOOD MONEY
