Is this you, or Flat Rob Portman,  because the real one doesn't really talk to his constituents.
And..........
All lies Portman. Your career is over!!
3. I'm not your direct constituent but I am an American citizen living with multiple sclerosis, as I said the last time you asked over 400k
We'll soon see if his direct constituents are people of Ohio or the insurance companies and super rich.

Good luck to you. Thanks 4 sharing.
Thank you and yes we will soon see!
2. Allowing non aca compliant plans with lower premiums but higher deductibles simply takes us back to pre 2008.
Your constituents are depending on you, @senrobportman Vote 'no' on #Obamacare repeal.
Unbelievable that you're still undecided on this.  Overwhelming majority of your constituents say NO to Trumpcare.  Still a "mean" bill!
In other words, you stand by destroying the ACA instead of working to fix it and aren't ready to admit your voting yes!  No reelection!
1. The proposal for those on Medicaid is unchanged in this new version.
My cousin just moved to Nelsonville to start a business. He is taking almost no salary to build it. Please don't take away his healthcare.
I would prefer that you had the courage to discuss this at a townhall with your constituents. We deserve no less. vote NO
I have sent multiple faxes to you imploring you to Vote NO, the only way to protect Ohioans & ALL Americans is to vote NO!  zip 44306
please vote no. This healthcare bill is a disgrace.
Sorry if our tweets annoy you. But we are terrified for our loves out here. VOTE NO ON THE BRCA and we won't have to pester you anymore.
Lives. Lives of our love ones as well. You know what I mean.
"We'll see"?!?Stop acting like my dad when I asked for a horse.  Be a LEADER. work with Dems to improve the ACA.  Announce you're a NO vote.
Thanks 4 looking out for #us & most vulnerable! http://www.bbc.com/news/business-40603281 … … Opioid's need #mentalhealth #hope work!!! wasted $$ without later!
Can you also make sure that whatever is forced on US is exactly what congress gets as their healthcare, too?

You know, fair is fair!
Please vote NO. This bill will hurt too many of us. Too many Ohioans will lose their insurance.
Another lie by @VP to enable him & congress to take HC from those who need it most in Ohio,Senator you MUST vote NO!
Can you not hear the people?
Portman notes
Defund Planned Parenthood, contraception, screening

Keep my insurance benefits 1312(d)(3)(D)

Inadequate 45 bil over 10 yrs
Here is my take. Vote no

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10151232652609999&id=5281959998 …
You promised repeal of Obamacare to Americans. My premiums have increased from $236 to $645 monthly w/$4000 deductible...shameful.
Repeal now, Reform taxes - Flat Tax! We don't need Healthcare reform, never did We need health insurance reform and cost controls
Obamacare needs to be modified as acknowledged by Obama.  Quit playing games with Repeal/Replace to fulfill 45's campaign promise.  FIX IT!
In Ohio.... vote NO!! Do what is right!!
3. by allowing insurers to go back to refusing coverage of pre-existing conditions and allowing them broad definitions of what that means.
This is not a statement. This is nothing. We need a commitment from you that you will oppose this bill.
#NoCutsNoCaps
#NoBCRA
#Bad4Ohio
Why are Senators exempt from revoking reimbursed essential health benefits like simple screening? 1312 d(3)D doesn't apply to you: page 167
Please, show some integrity, and vote NO on a bill that will take health care away from so many.
Senator portman, the big statement I want from you that you will be voting against the latest Trumpcare.#MakeAmericaSickAgain
No Treasoncare !!!
Please @senrobportman we are in serious danger. Please vote your heart, your country, your constituents! #CountryOverParty #ThisBillKills
He's a Republicon, doesn't appear they have hearts. They've fought life saving health care reforms, or addressing 30,000+ gun deaths/year.
Exactly WHO wrote this bill? YOU were on the committee of 13, yet you claim ignorance of what's in it, & have been on photo-op tour.
I assume in true Republicon fashion, you've turned it over to lobbyists to write.
Hoping you will continue to oppose the bill if, as expected, the CBO finds it will not lower costs or improve access for most Ohioans.
The Senate health care bill still cuts Medicaid by $700,000,000,000 & gives tax savings to rich through health savings accounts. Vote NO!
#TrumpcareKills please do the right thing for Ohio. Vote no on this terrible bill.
28. People can get sick at any time nobody can predict when and if buying a cheap barebones health insurance is not the answer
12. Every month I have to have my blood drawn to check to see if I am JC virus positive because that increases my risk of developing PML
5. However multiple sclerosis has been found in children as young as two and in adults as oldest 60. I was otherwise healthy until 33
Thank you for voting no on the recent health care bill proposal.
He didn't actually vote no. After the bill was pulled without a vote, he "bravely" said he was against it. He's not showing leadership.
Big deal. Stop repealing. Make it better & call it the Portman amendment. Stop giving money to the rich & stealing from the poor.
Robby if you support your party on this you will be turning your back on your constituents. Work with DEMS to fix the ACA.
Just vote NO on the bill. It's awful for your constituents. Shame on you for even considering it.
How about you do what you and all of Congress did when they knew it would go nowhere. Repeal Obamacare.
Please vote no.
This is too important. If you are still undecided, please vote NO! This hurts MANY Americans. How can the Senate justify this? Fix ACA!!!
you're an embarrassment to the great state of Ohio. I had no idea how morally bankrupt you are. Shame on you.
You vote should be NO.
attacking sick people is not a #HealthcareBill #NoBCRA
Wishy-washy non-answer. #ProfilesInCourage
and then there's this
Please stand up for Ohioans - your constituations - and vote no on this still terrible bill.
35. I hope you have read these tweets and that you take them seriously and I thank you ahead of time for your consideration in this matter
34. When it comes to Health Care u are representing all of the people not just your own District. What u do will have an effect on me in NY
33. please don't allow yourself to be bullied, bought or pressured by the establishment,u work 4 the people when it comes to Health Care...
32. We, the people are counting on you. I spoke of MS, my own experience but there are millions of others who have their own story, hear us.
Please, be brave, have the courage to do what's right not what's expected. Because u asked the last time I believe you have a conscience.
30. Please, I'm begging you, take a stand #VoteNoBCRA #SaveTheACA WORK WITH THE DEMS, bring them into the conversation.
29. Because the moment somebody gets sick they become high risk and the cost of changing to a more expensive plan will be extraordinary
27. My mom had cancer at 49, my dad died of cancer at 59,  I have to have screenings for cancer, this bill doesn't provide that.
26. People who live on SSD,  the poor and many families can't afford a svgs plan to pay 4 the protections we have now.
25. Although you vowed to repeal I also know that u could not have vowed to kill &this bill will kill many, because we will go without care
24. People everywhere will remember your vote and there are more that will be effective in a devastating way than not.
23. I know you're in a difficult position especially with Trump making threats however u can be a hero 2 many by taking a stand 4 the people
22. Please Senator think of your constuients AND all of us, we are All Interconnected. Only 12% approve of this plan to TAKE AWAY benefits
21. Our poor,the disabled our children.The cuts are inhumane.fix the ACA, it has been acknowledged it needs 2 be fixed, FIX it,don't kill it
Sir. Please vote no on the hcb as nothing's changed from last draft. It is not a good plan for Ohio.
20. Why should a 20 year old be penalized because of a pre-existing condition? Why should any of us. Medicaid pays for our elderly..
19. Right now she is protected under her dad's insurance but all of that can change with this new bill especially if EHB's aren't required
18. She is an amazing young lady, attending college to become an art therapist to help others like herself what will be of her healthcare?
17. At 2years old she had a subdural hematoma and the doctors saved her life she has Clips in her brain and she lives with essential tremor
16. Let me remind you about my now 20 year old daughter who was born premature which at Birth made her a pre-existing condition
15. Part of being able to live well is to  have health CARE, access isnt enough I have great health care now, I won't if this bill passes.
14. I am 52 I have been fighting this disease since 32,I was only diagnosed when I was 38, which allowed it to progress. I want to live WELL
13. This is not just affecting me but there are over 400k living in the United States with MS, some in nursing homes under the age of 50
12. Without essential health benefits screenings necessary to my health will no longer be available, my care will have a lifetime limit cap.
11. I am required to get MRIS at least once a year because the drug I am on can cause a deadly brain disease called PML
10. Without Medicaid paying my Part B premium I would not be eligible for extra help and affordable prescription coverage.
9. I am a walking living pre-existing condition who falls into high risk, I am on Social Security disability, Medicaid pays my part B
If you're on Medicaid you don't have any pre-existing conditions. Only if you go uninsured for 62+ days.
8. My medication costs 37k a month incl the infusion process &I have early  osteoporosis onset from the use of steroids to control MS Flares
7. I had a Ms relapse which caused me to lose Sensation from my face to my feet, I was in the hospital&rehab for 2 months the cost over 200k
6. I was raising three young children by myself and I was forced to stop working I have been fighting this disease for 16 years, 2 years ago
5. I worked full time since I was 14 until I was forced to stop because I lost all sensation in my body and the inability to stand.
4. Living in the United States live with multiple sclerosis, we did not ask for it it can come on at any time, typically between 20-40
3. To place country before party,to put the health of Millions before the ego of the few,to work together with the Democrats to fix the ACA
2. That this is not just about your constituents but something that will affect Millions across the country and we are counting on you
Trumpcare is an abomination We demand single payer Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices 2018 is near
1.Sir,the last time this came around you asked for input and I believe you listened. again I am asking you to please take into consideration
STAY STRONG @senrobportman! Your courage & integrity will preserve affordable & accessible healthcare for our nation. VOTE NO!
Totally Spineless, Insurance Company Contributions Portman will definitely WAIT until the last second, and if it dosen't fail- he's a NO!
A whole lot of words that don't say much of anything. Do ur job -represent your constituents not healthcare companies. Vote no to TrumpCare.
Do not let Trump or McConnell bully you into voting yes. What is the rush? Fix it-the right way. Please, listen to your constituents. #no
We trust you will fairly represent all Ohio citizens and that you will place the wellbeing of Ohioans ahead of the  intrests of the GOP.

Garbage plans under Trumpcare and sick and elderly will pay more! Preexisting condition protects gone well have to pay a TON more! Call!

Governors from both parties criticized the new Senate health bill, increasing pressure on GOP leaders http://nyti.ms/2uiV7cw 
Please do not doom us with this bill.  They will try to buy you. Country over party
It is a train wreck. You can not be a Christian like you claim and vote yes.
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Just don't allow Obamacare to continue to exist
Start working with Democrats to make a bipartisan bill that's best for America.. that is what the country wants.Not this partisan crap
Insurance co treat fewer people for more $$; more people go untreated; cut Medicare to fund tax breaks for the wealthiest. Shameful bill.
Vote to protect millions of disabled Americans, vote against cuts to Medicaid!
Governor @JohnKasich thinks the bill is unacceptable.  What do you think about 22 mil losing coverage @senrobportman?  Pls vote NO.
WHAT ABOUT COST/COVERAGE AGE 50-65???  It will NOT be affordable for so many!!!!!!!  :(   Cost must come down not go up!!!  #HealthcareBill
"Protects the most vulnerable in our society," is the key when you vote on the new bill.  Medicare cuts attacks the most vulnerable.
This statement is a "NOTHING burger".  The vast majority of Ohioans are telling you what is best for them, which is FIX THE ACA!!!!!  Fix it
Please Senator Portman, Vote NO!
If I lose my insurance... Cant afford meds ($1753/MTH). No Meds 2-5 days. I'M DEAD! #realitysux

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Rob, with raising costs, a major expense NEEDS to be addressed. Greedy Insurance companies. Really is time for socialised health care...yep
Please vote no on this! All must have coverage of pre existing conditions, the cob on this is not going to get better!
Work for and with your constituents not just your party

‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
he wants everything to be good, but he does not want to pay for it.
But please don't forget the Ohioans the ACA is working for. ACA provisions: covered preventive exams, no lifetime max, overage coverage, etc
just wondering how you walk so well without any type of spine. You are pathetic
I'll be waiting for a response with substance. Hope you'll vote no on anything that cuts Medicaid.
have you considered encouraging a bipartisan approach?
Senator Portman, 
We implore you not to let this bill pass.
Vote no on this bill, Senator. This bill will drastically hurt Ohioans. Listen to your constituents and do the right thing.

Don't nix it -- fix it!!!
Nothing in your statement clarifies why Senate keeps better healthcare in this bill than We The People. 
             VOTE NO!
Do not let Ohioans down!  Work with Dems & fix ACA to work for all Americans! The disabled, poor, elderly &  preexisting cond r hurt with TC
Nice cop out
Thank you. Those goals are our goals. Please don't let party trump Ohioans' medical needs. (No pun initially intended, but it's inevitable.)
Ohioans want WHAT SHE SAID! : https://twitter.com/senatorcollins/status/885550308134408192 … @CbusIndivisible @OhioDistrict12
Still deep cuts to Medicaid in Senate bill. Will vote no on MTP. Ready to work w/ GOP & Dem colleagues to fix flaws in ACA.
A #MedicareForYall system would provide for the most vulnerable Ohioans AND relieve the burden from sm. biz, plus cut out greedy ins. comp.
So are you going to stand up for your constituents or not? We need better answers than that. People's lives are at stake, Senator.
Twitter needs a thumbs down icon to respond to most/all of these paid soros's hacks
Read statement. Sadly, it didn't help. Americans have made it clear.We don't want #Trumpcare. Do  the right thing, for OH & rest of America.
You are hedging. Just say NO. PROTECT Medicaid. You won't even have a complete CBO score in time for the vote. GRRRRR!
If it's a good plan then why did Congress exempt themselves from it? Please vote no! Work on fixing our existing healthcare plan w/ dems.
Opioid $ doesn't help foster kids, MRDD or Alzheimer’s patients on medicaid. Your bill raises my premiums and takes essential coverage away.
Out of morality, vote to stop this bill from moving forward.
Children with disabilities & many others will lose needed services. Listen to your constituents, do your duty, & oppose this bill.
Please oppose this bill. While it may give a small bit of money for opioid treatment, it does not change the fact that
Kasich calls it unacceptable. Collins and Paul have balls. Hope you do.
Pretty weak @senrobportman. Try a definite NO, absolutely not, no way I would subject my constituents to something that horrible
YOUR FAMILY ENJOYS THE BEST INSURANCE AT THE EXPENSE OF TAXPAYERS! DON'T YOU THINK AMERICANS DESERVE PREVENTATIVE AND ESSENTIAL BENEFITS?
you need to say NO...
I read your statement and I also read all the comments on the Twitter feed. Everybody want you to vote no on this. So vote no!
There was zero reason to turn ACA into Medicaid reform or defunding Planned Parenthood other than harming most vulnerable, poor & disabled
Please vote NO on this heartless bill. Millions of Americans just want access to decent, affordable healthcare. Thank you!
I have access to a Bently ... but I sure as hell can not afford it !!!
So you are opposing the Senate bill to repeal and replace AHCA 2.0? Yes or no?
You sounded weak and ready to flip depending on the wind. Remember, Ohioans elected you... not the Republican Party!

Somebody get @pastortraci on a ballot somewhere as fast as is humanly possible 
Please vote NO on this horrid abomination of a bill. Its unconscionable to vote with no CBO on the Cruz amendment which is garbage anyway.
I'm glad to read that your vote was no to proceed. You're winning my vote more every day is a rational conservative.
I'm concerned about reports that the Cruz amendment won't be sent to CBO for scoring. If true, this would obscure the bill's true effect.
When our elected representatives work for the good of the American people, they don't try to obscure the effects of their proposals.
Don't be part of this attempt to rack up something Republicans can simply call a win. There is no win, if the most vulnerable among us lose.
And please don't just work with your Republican colleagues. Also work with Democrats, on a bipartisan solution. So many are counting on you.
the Medicaid cuts are still there.  Show your spine and come out against it. Be a man for Ohio, not a schill for a political brand
VOTE NO.  VOTE NO. VOTE NO
It's time to make necessary improvements to the ACA! It's what the overwhelming majority of Americans want! Listen to ur constituents!
No to trumpcare and definitely no to the Cruz amendment. Thank you.
The Cruz Amendment is a special kind of disaster. VOTE NO.
How @tedcruz's amendment *destroys* coverage for people w/ pre-existing conditions. Preview below, full explainer:
https://www.facebook.com/AmericanProgressAction/videos/10154864522150847/ … 
ACA covers opiod rehab, what's the prob? Oh yeah, named after a black guy. Just admit that's the issue already.
It would quite simply be irresponsible to jam this through in the manner it has been done to date.  U must agree with that.
Vote No. You know it's bad and will hurt the people of Ohio. Put our health over party.
Caution:  Don't sell out for opioid money that will be insufficient anyway.

Please vote No on this garbage bill.
Please don't hurt us on Medicaid
Vote NO. WTH is this. This amendment eliminates pre-existing condition protections.
That's not so much a statement as it is a brilliant example of content free doublespeak. C'mon, take a stand.
You had to throw in the tired GOP line that premiums & deductibles have skyrocketed in Ohio That is demonstrably false in other words, a lie
You used a lot of words yet said nothing. Oppose the latest version of #AHCA or #BRCA whatever you are calling #Trumpcare today
Two words, Senator: Single payer. Your constituents are tired of a health system that has to support the unnecessary health insurance cos.
Please vote no on this horrible bill. It will hurt far more Americans who are most vulnerable.
ACA is vital for my family w pre-ex conditions and adult disabled son. Plse vote no if it removes protection 4 vulnerable citizens. 43560
The new revised version is no different than the first one. Still huge Medicare cuts. Cheaper premiums  no essential services are covered.
Another "mean" healthcare plan. When will the GOP work with the Dems to create a humane health plan. There's nothing wrong with tweaking ACA
Please do the right thing and vote NO.
This Vet and Senior urges you to vote NO. Bad for Ohio, Vets, Seniors. #SavetheRepublic #NoAHCA #voteNO
Your statement is a genuine NothingBurger,
Your statement doesn't tell us how you plan to vote. Based on the lack of mandatory comprehensive coverage for the #opioidcrisis #VoteNoBCRA
Sir, your statement looks like you left ample wiggle room so you can vote yes. @JohnKasich has already said this is not good for OH.

You have a chance to make a real difference in the future of our country.  Or you can put party over people.  Vote NO!
Vague, noncommittal nonstatement, carefully crafted to appeal to uninformed voters of both parties. Call us when you make a real statement.
The bill is just a larger band-aid - not a solution. PLEASE VOTE NO! It hurts Ohioans. PLEASE country over party
Totally agree with @GovernorKasich. It's also absurd that congress isn't included. Are you citizens? If you don't want it, why push on us?
But your statement doesn't clearly say you will vote against this disaster. So why say anything at all?
Please stand with Senator Collins and oppose this bill.  People over party!
On #BCRA :
Amer. Hospital Assoc. "unacceptable"
U.S. Catholic Bishops "unacceptable"
32 cancer groups "vote NO"
