Making the US competitive should not be on the backs of the poor and middle class, Rob. The GOP wants to shift more money to the wealthy.
Look at Kansas to see where the GOP will take the US economy. Not pretty.
GOP economics centered on wealth transfers instead of creating more wealth for all. Dems will need to bail out like after Reagan, Bush II.
REPEAL OBAMACARE..give us back our previous healthcare system. If we have to be on it... all of congress should also!
And what about Russia and North Korea and the insane person at his Bedminster golf club?
how about campaign finance reform??
An 'Alleged Certainty' is a logical fallacy. Please govern on facts, not on assumed conclusions.
Everyone knows Rob Portman has no spine. We have to enact #spinalreform so he can stand on his own #twofeet again.
AND RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE TO A LIVING WAGE OF $15/HR.
You're a broken record.
Lower taxes 4 biz never raises wages for anyone except the CEO...stop the GOP lying bs!
Nope. Unless, by "tax reform", you mean eliminating loopholes for millionaires without lowering rates for the rich.
Rob, they way you want to "fix" problems only makes them worse
Everyone knows that big business controls politicians. Fix the political donation disaster first.
DT Baiting you with an "Easier" Tax Form ??? It is a TRICK -- there is a LOT of math behind their little "form".
Sure bob, are you going to go south on our President for this vote?
I agree @senrobportman , we MUST raise taxes on the super-rich.  Income inequality is strangling the nation.
Stop just talking and do it!!!
You need to study economics. A good business to survive or expand, should have the natural demand to have + $ flow after EBITA.
Tax code isn't broken. Trickle down economics DOES NOT WORK. 40yrs of failed policy proves it. No more cuts to your rich handlers.
Fuk tax reform.  Every time you reform taxes, it gets worse.  How about supporting FairTax.
Let's give  lower wage taxpayers a $25 cut while giving huge breaks to high income earners.  While increasing the deficit! Brilliant. #NOT
Blah blah blah! Was a fan of yours not anymore. U can't support nor get Obamacare care repealed after u stated u would. Drain the swamp!
#taxreform must focus on closing corporate loopholes an planet killing subsudies for polluteocrats!
If economy is so good & as @realDonaldTrump says, corps making more $ than ever, why do rich need tax cut?
I don't know what I can believe from you. You lied already about repeal and replace. How do we know when you are telling the truth?
You can't repair a broken straw unless your party tells you to. You have no I dependents thoughts only the party line!
We have a broken president. Everybody knows that. Forgot taxes and get that fool out of office.
Ok Rob. Lets do something about it. Be for your next vacation.
We'll hold you to the "raising wages" Senator. Income Equality is at an all-time high.
What is the correlation between tax code and wages?
All you politicians WORK FOR THE PEOPLE NOT YOUR POLITICAL PARTIES! Get something done or we the people will get rid of you all!
How are you proposing to make "biz more competitive & raise wages" in a free and open market? Trickle down, trickled on. never worked.
Respectfully, I hope you have something substantive in mind. Business profits are way up, still, and wages are not depressed by taxes! Pls!

Great Idea.  How about repealing one of the biggest taxes.. Obama-Care
You say one thing and your actions say something  completely different.
Sen Portman good idea but I do not think the Rep can pass anything Proof is current successes
You have broken your promise to represent your constituents. Everyone knows that.
Wrong on healthcare and wrong on taxes. The people of Ohio deserve better
Trickle down economics is a sham
@GOP has been saying this or years. How high have those wages climbed for the average worker? The only people benefiting are the rich.
Just like you got rid of the broken Affordable Care Act
Republican polititian 20%ers, sniveling at paying taxes on their investment income, is causing instability in market place. But U SHRUG!!
Old Way= promise jobs from tax cut.
NEW WAY=KEEP ACA EMBEDDED TAX ES and fund HEALTH CARE or maybe RAISE taxes TO 1970 LEVEL TO FUND ACA.
You don't think your Constituants are worthy. You, Pence, & Ryan puke out Rands love of profits at expense of workers. MY ANTHEM= you FAIL!
As our senator, we here implore that you uphold your integrity by doing something now with the mad man president we have. Please do you job.
Please work with the center of both parties to improve healthcare. That's a much bigger economic issue to Ohio
Get rid of IRMAA. Seniors shouldn't have to pay more for Medicare Part B and D based on their taxed retirement income distributions.
You are thru in Ohio.  You sold out against the mandate you were elected for.  Talk is cheap Portman.  You failed Ohio.   Bye Bye
So you ready to admit you flat out lied about repealing Obamacare?
WE HAVE A BROKEN SENATE! YOU ALL NEED TO BE REPLACED! REPEAL OBAMACARE, REPLACE ALL U LYING POLITICIANS!
@senrobportman selling his soul to the 1% yet again #quityourjobrob
We as republicans need to do a better job than we did on healthcare # do your damn job
Do some homework on the subject - it's part of your job!
What a load of crap. Unearned income (cg) taxed at lowest rate. Tax relief to the already wealthy only helps them.
Do you even know how much the rich pay asca percentage of fed revenue?
Healthcare for all would be a great start!
You want #taxreform to give big gifts in the form of tax breaks to your wealthy donors, not help ave citizens. #followthemoney
What's taking you guys so long? This is long overdue
Companies have had record profits the last few years, wages haven't increased for working people, gains all go to the wealthy.
Leave my health care alone!!!
Tax broken in fav of @kochie_online  bros and the Trumps... screws the middle class
Think there is something wrong with you that needs to be fixed. How much of a coward are you not to be able to hold a town hall?
you need to stop concentrating on businesses and start concentrating on the general population and their needs the're your tax base.
You are starting to sound like Cheeto!  We can see past your words--no tax cuts for the rich.
That's easy. Tax businesses as corporations not people, remove the tax breaks for the rich, give them to the poor, raise minimum wage
If you really want to help Americans bizs, single-payer healthcare would cut a cost & provide healthier job candidates!
Tax cuts for businesses only lead to higher pay for CEOs. How about some new ideas that help real #Ohioans?
I can't wait to vote you out
Thanks, @SheriffOfNottinghamRobPortman
How does cutting your taxes raise my wages. Trickle down does not work.
After decades of GOP dominance & obstruction, you'd think he'd realize that after it's failed the whole time.
When ?
You never say anything on this topic designed to benefit working and middle class OH.  Just 1%ers, NFIB & the Koch Bros--donors & lobbyists.
No tax reform until 45 releases 20yrs of federal returns plus all supporting documents.
"Everybody knows that." is a weak attempt to argue your point.
Tax breaks for the rich don't work @senrobportman!
When the GOP agree to stop letting fossil fuels & big business fund their campaigns I'll support the idea of trickle down economics...
Hey everyone! Very clearly the GOP position is to cut taxes for corporations & the rich. NOT for us!  @Ireland0828 @kylegriffin1 @TeaPainUSA
Yes. Tax rich people more. Make them pay their fair share.
From the same group who promised to repeal Obamacare....Sad!
Let's start with the "raise wages" part of your tweet. Please acknowledge that trickle-down economics will not raise wages or create jobs.
Let's also acknowledge that obscene levels of income should be taxed at equally obscene rates.
Wealth is almost always created by the many.
Simple flat rate tax for all. No deductions or corporate loopholes!
Um, aren't you on vacation?
Are you preparing us for your wrong vote again?  If so, not interested.  When ready to talk intelligently, have a town hall.  Have one now.
We have broken the ACA. This needs attention.
We in Ohio have a broken senator.
you have absolutely no credibility
Can the Republicans do anything, it looks like the DEMs are still running the country..we really need corporate tax reform
We have a broken #StateDepartment. We have a broken #WhiteHouse. And apparently we have a broken #Senate. #Jobs? #DoYourJob
Broken against the low earning people. Why isn't Trump showing his tax records? Exactly!
#yapyapyapyapyapyapyapyapyapyapyap
Nope. No tax reform until Trump releases his taxes. The protesting will make #ACA protests look like small potatoes.
Total US tax revenue equaled 26 percent of gross domestic product (GDP), well below the 34 percent average for developed countries.
Let's make sure tax "reform" doesn't equal tax breaks for the wealthy while others suffer.
@senrobportman speaks to @foxnews on taxes, on healthcare even on #trumpWAR w/ N. Korea yet afraid to come home and speak to us... #spinless
We have a broken Lyin GOP
When is your next town hall, Mr Portman? Why are you afraid to speak to and face your constituents?
CEO's are raking in millions,  not sure tax code is problem.  I think greed is the word you're looking for big biz. Small biz need the help
We have a broken White House. How about we fix that first? Then we can come back to an in person town all about income equality.
It's broken because politicians such as yourself keep giving tax loopholes for corporations and wealthy people.

hopefully you've learned to have hearings and include Dems in crafting a tax bill after your healthcare secrecy and deceit!
The tax code & IRS have been FUBAR for decades! You've been there the better part of a decade & what, exactly, have you done about either?
1st stand up to Trump & call for his resignation or impeachment. Next stand up for Americans health care & don't cut the riches taxes.
Trump is threatening nuclear war and you're talking about tax reform.  Priorities, Senator.
Giving millions to 1% is not tax reform, it's payment for services rendered 
Check out FairTax as written and then comment.  There are a lot of advantages.
#RepealFederalReserveAct
@indivisibledyt Interesting that your focus for tax reform is the biz community, and not the working class & poor. Biz profits already high.
We don't trust you to make decisions for #Ohio.

Everybody knows that.

#REALTownHallNOW
We have a broken Senator.

Wont #meetwithus.
Wont #listentoyourconstituents.
Wont #tellthetruth.
Wont #standuptothebully.

#REALTownHallNOW
Do something The employer sponsored healthcare going up Repeal it we don't need the Required benefits in OCare.  Let the employer offer.
And??? What are you doing to help @POTUS do just that? So far only reason we are having a boom is he is rolling back regs, your doing squat.
President Trump is also continuing President Obama's policies.
No. Trump is undoing all the orders that Obama put in place. But it won't matter if yr toddler presses the button.
We have a broken senator.  Everybody knows that.
Everyone knows you voted yes on Trumpcare - I will happily donate to your opponent.
How can @realDonaldTrump expect anything to do with #TAXES or #TAXREFORM to pass until he reveals his own. #WRONG #SAD #SICK  @POTUS 
@senrobportman why is corporate welfare okay when welfare and healthcare for working Americans isn't?
FIXED IT 4 U!!
We have a broken GOVERNMENT. Everybody knows that. We have to enact #25THAMENDMENT to LET America NOT GET BLOWN UP!
Repealing Ocare would help too ya know
I have a hard time trusting what you say after the ACA repeal/replace bill you voted for.
Trickle down does not work-unless you're rich.
We don't trust you to do shit.
Blah blah blah... More CYA to try to get the American people to forget YOU tried to steal healthcare from us
We have a broken WH
You are a disappointment.
We have a broken Senator. All your constituents know that. We have to enact ways to have a stable President, and bipartisan Healthcare.
Senator we have a failed political system and you and your colleagues are the cause of the failure.
no taxes fowpeople under 100,000. a yr 50% tax on anybody / corps. i call it trickle up economics..people buy more + growth and prosperity
Well played @tmiller5087
glad you figured out what I wrote lol
Becauae the rich and corporations need more money. Smh. What makes u think it will work now when it hasn't in the past. Trickle down BS.
Giving constantly more tax breaks to business isn't trickling down but instead over into pockets and dividends!!!! Quit snubbing the people!
Why doesn't Congress understand our basic needs
They would have to care before they even attempted to understand and unfortunately I don't see that happening.  Most of Congress do not
Start out rich but most are very rich when they leave.  They receive money from their donors and have to make things right for them first.
FFS we have a broken presidency! Do something! Or is the @GOP broken too?
If you pay Portman off you get his vote. Thankful this is his last term
Prove it you liar. You also said cutting 700 billion from Medicaid to pay off donors would save Medicaid. We're not fools.
It's broken in the sense that people that have $ dont pay enough. How would Devoes pay you to vote if she wasn't rich tho?
Tax cuts for the middle class & small businesses. No tax cuts for the wealthy & big corporations. Trickle down economics has never worked.
Piss on (the middle class) economics is what I call it!
Another passive-aggressive tweet. Focus, Rob. Focus on "Mr. Fire & Fury" today. Won't need a tax code @ the rate he's going.
Of more concern is we have petulant child with impulse control ramping up the rhetoric with another badly coiffed spoiled narcissist
No tax cuts for the rich.  Hands off Social Security, Medicare and Medicare. #DeportDonTheConToNorthKorea #DoNothingSenate
Broken?  Nah. Always room for improvement. And we don't need "simple". We are a huge complex country, simple shouldn't be the goal.
No one can support or trust any legislation under this president. Everything is suspect. He does not have the good of the country in mind
It's always biz that republicans worry about. WE KNOW TRICKLE DOWN DOES NOT WORK. I've been waiting since Regan for that shit to work.
You're broken actually.
Nicely played Helaine
Well ty. He makes me sick!
Literally making us all sick. the stress is huge. I rarely say I hate anyone,  but I loathe  him and McConnell and most of his cabinet. Ugh
I understand. I have the same battle with the word "hate" and the anger this is creating. It's up to us to #resist & create a better nation.
Support our President and and your voters. Unify otherwise we will fail.
So, you favor more tax breaks for the wealthy?
Trickle Down 2.0 will lead to MORE wealth inequality and national debt.  Let's be real - this is tax breaks for PAC's and 1%. Little else.
Ur right when system allows ppl like trump 2 get away from paying their fair share of taxes & the rest of us r still paying 4 weekly vac!
Such horsecrap.  Trump paid plenty.  How much did you pay?
Rob & Senate Republicans blocked a bill to end tax breaks for shipping jobs overseas:
#ShameOnPortman
Fair & equal taxation: wealthy tax % should be equal to middle American. Get rid of all the wealthy man's loopholes. Keep tax forms simple.
You mean give tax break to the rich?  Sad!
What about the traitor we have in the White House? When is that going to be a subject?
