Sir..you ARE Congress! YOU need to oppose this disastrous "death bill!" Send it back to the table ..do it right or give us Single payer!!!!
Rob, talking about an issue does not solve it. The bill you just "wrote" will kill many of the people you are paid to represent.
Like not end healthcare for millions of people?
The AHCA will cut Medicaid drastically and will hurt those who seek treatment for the addiction running rampant in Ohio. #PortmanVoteNo
It would be if the money doesn't come directly from the debt, but you lack the courage to make it debt neutral!
Again, step one: vote NO on your crappy secret healthcare bill.

Step two: work on improving and strengthening the ACA.

NO CUTS TO MEDICAID
And passing BCRA would jeopardize those lives
You're concerned about the opioid crisis but yet you help write this horrible bill.
So will voting NO on @SenateMajLdr's #Healthcare bill.
Portman only cares about his rich donors. $$ owns Portman and he votes to serve the rich.
Opioid addiction is primarily treated through Medicaid. The #BRCA decimates Medicaid so anyone can connect the dots.
This is all talk as long as you let healthcare bill stand. A topic to seek publicity on. Won't believe ur sincerity on it until no vote.
Don't support the healthcare bill.
Will the new healthcare bill offer anything to help the #opioidcrisis ?
one step would be voting no on AHCA #Trumpcare #StopTrumpcare
You're gonna lose funding if you pass the Healthcare bill!!!
Pls don't cut Medicaid
Opposing the senate healthcare bill would do more. So do that...
Such a blasted hypocrite you support a bill that could destroy American lives. Where is your courage?
You should be ashamed of yourself. Are you?
Congress must also protect the 220,000+ Ohioans with addiction and mental health disorders who have coverage under the ACA
With all due respect, Senator, the Senate health care bill will do more to make the opiod crisis worse.
We can start by keeping substance abuse treatment as an essential health benefit
Did you even read your own #TrumpCare  bill? American w pre-existing & addiction lose coverage. Your #opioidcrisis crusade is a sham.
So that's why you support the health care bill that pulls help.  You need to stand behind what you say.
I respected your fight against opioid abuse, but given your failure to speak against the Senate's healthcare bill, your fight is a sham.
You should do more to fight the insanity of stripping people of critical health care.  Of course you'll keep your health insurance.
Not taking health insurance away from 23 million Americans would also help to save lives. #TheMoreYouKnow
So would healthcare for all, not less.  900,000 Ohioans will lose their healthcare if you vote party instead of Ohio
SO WHY DID YOU SIGN OFF ON THE AHCA BILL???????

Next-level pressure: call your Senator's office and ask for these staffers who deal with health care: 
#KILLTHEBILL if you really want to help thee people and their families
Congress must do more to fight #opioidcrisis. Not passing the #AHCA would help save lives. #Trumpcare
Lmao like cut Medicaid? Yea good work congress, y'all really have a clue
YOU are actively working to take away resources in this fight
Saving Medicaid would save lives. Voting no on the AHCA is an essential part of fighting the opioid epidemic in Ohio!! #NoAHCA
Congress should also block this steaming pile of legislation called a "Healthcare bill."  The ACA has saved lives.  #NoOnAHCA
What are you doing to fight for Ohioans dependent on expanded Medicaid? Vote AGAINST any measure that jeopardizes your constituents!!
If you care about opioid crisis & the people struggling with it then vote NO on this ridiculous excuse of a healthcare "replacement"!
This "replacement" strips healthcare from the Ohioans who need it the most!
Then why does your healthcare bill only provide $2B worth of coverage nationwide for only a year?
At least the House version provided coverage for 10 years. But the Senate apparently thinks that's extravagant.
So would Medicaid. Please, please, please, senator. Please vote no.
Cutting expanded Medicaid because those making $200,000 a year couldn't afford a 3.8% tax on investment income. You stand by that Senator?
Then write a common sense law for all #healthcare you must do this for the #people
The Senate health care bill and this op-ed is the very definition of cognitive dissonance!!  What are you thinking??
You talk a good game. Your actions define you to be the complicit liar that you are.
Are you kidding me? Did you read the bill you're looking to pass? You will be responsible for actual physical harm. You can do better by us.
this will barely help. medicaid is needed as well, and the #HealthcareBill kills it.
You refuse to have a public #Townhall
Hide the #ACHA
You don't deserve the job if you can't show up
You will be out of a job in 2020
and then the #BRCA will undermine it. #BRCAkills #Shameful 
@GOP = Greed Over People
I imagine a lot of people addicted to #opioids are on Medicaid, but who cares about them, right? #opioidcrisis
You took care of the pharma companies who donate bigly to you, but screw your voters
No wonder your office lied, repeatedly about the bill
Oppose the Senate Republican health care bill. It will wipe out health care for poor people. No cuts to Medicaid!
Sen., pls find a respectful way to let your constituents know you are listening to us as we leave you messages. Thank you.
Are you serious? You wrote a bill that takes healthcare from millions and decimates Medicaid, and then tweet about how you are anti-opioids?
I'm guessing opioid addicts didn't contribute enough to his re-election?
If you're serious about fighting the #opioidcrisis oppose the AHCA. Decimating Medicaid is not the answer. It will take lives
You don't get to pretend to care about the opioid crisis one second and support a bill that guts Medicaid the next.
How can you condone the #AHCA while simultaneously fighting the #opiodcrisis? It boggles the mind
Then don't gut medicaid.
Then we can count on you voting NO on the #AHCA then? Otherwise you are nothing but a charlatan
Exactly right.
voting no on AHCA would help this cause as well senator.
Build the wall. Enforce the borders. Legalize marijuana. Charge doctors that abuse prescriptions. Jobs. Jobs. Jobs.
Also, too, defeating the Trumpcare bill would save lives.  If you are serious in your concern about this you have to oppose Trumpcare.
You know what else would help, letting go of this bizarre obsession your party has with doing away with Obamacare.
On an unrelated note Senator Portman, I beg that you oppose the defunding of the Great Lakes clean-up effort.
If you want them to do more, you shouldn't let them phase out the medicaid expansion.
Passing AHCA will kill Ohioans
Please represent my friends and family (your constituents) and vote no on this health care bill @senrobportman
.@robportman I'm watching your vote on #healthcare reform. Don't make Ohioans pay more for less coverage!
And these acts will mean nothing if you pass Trumpcare #NoOnAHCA
And passing the #HealthcareBill would be disastrous for this fight.
How dare you support this new healthcare bill and still try to act like you're worried about your constituents and this opioid crisis.
With respect @senrobportman, to do what you suggest, vote NO on the #AHCA  Stand w/@OhioNursesAssoc & @ANANursingWorld and #ProtectOurCare
So would Medicaid.
So will voting no on AHCA
The Senate healthcare bill would take money away from Medicaid and Ohio's budget further exacerbating our #opiodcrisis.
How about balancing the budget before throwing more money out the door!
Your health care bill does not do this at all. You cannot support the Stop act and the Senate "health" bill. They are incompatible.
#AHCA allows states to opt out of covering substance abuse treatment and cuts to Medicaid leave more people vulnerable.
There you go, talking out of both sides of your mouth. You say you want to help the vulnerable yet support cutting Medicare. Actions speak.
pulling $800 million from Medicaid will save lives too, right Rob?  #NoTrumpcare #NoAHCA #NoCapsNoCuts
Voting no on healthcare bill would save a lot more lives. How do you live with yourself if you don't vote no?
AND YET YOU SUPPORT THIS HEALTH CARE BILL???
OTOH, passing the Senate''s healthcare bill would endanger lives. Please vote NO on ACA repeal! #HealthcareBill
seriously. Quit fn tweeting about the opioid crisis and start doing something productive on it
are you fn kidding me right now, you won't even come out against a bill that would leave these ppl helpless
Nope, he just pays lip service. He's sold his soul to special interest. He doesn't care about but lining his pockets
*anything
So would voting "No" on the Health Care Bill

Thanks for the number. All of us will call and ask why you aren't indicted yet @HillaryClinton - #Maga's make the call please! https://twitter.com/hillaryclinton/status/877958386511249408 …
