Business moves because Trump can super sub standard wages to have his toes made in China. Please tell the whole truth
What are you doing to ensure $ don't just go in 1% pockets but are invested in jobs & higher wages?  Without that, this is worthless
I want #AffordableCareAct 
I want #GunControlNow 
I want #DACA 
I want #NOwar 
I want #trumpstaxreturns
I want the truth #TrumpRussia
Trump will get it done! Rob u and the other republicans have nothing but hot air coming out of yor mouth! U get nothing done
You planning to take away Ohioans’ personal deductions to hand out some corporate welfare? Who do you work for? It’s not Ohioans.
Oh! you mean the same tax code that you and other Republican lawmakers have helped create to cater to your wealthy lobbyist friends? Right 
Have you read the propsed tax code? Pretty sure THE EXACT OPPOSITE of you say will happen, will happen. Stop lying!
Need more demand for product to hire people.  People get hired when demand is high and supply low.  Not the case here in us.
You are delusional/just simply misleading all your constituents abt increased wages and jobs.Corps loaded w/ $ don't no what to do with it.
Sometimes you need to take responsibility as a CONSUMER. STOP BUYING CRAP. If you want your neighbor to have a job, buy the stuff they make.
It isn’t the tax code.   It’s bc they have to pay living wages and contribute to the overall well-being of all of America
I’m tired of you and your entire agenda of lies.
Only trickle down that works is on Sally's face 
And how will eliminating the estate tax keep companies in America?
This isn't tax reform, it's a #KochTaxCut
everyone could support a tax holiday when the only reason it is parked overseas is bc of the tax rate. I think you bipartisan support there
Tired of you spouting corporate cronyism. Health care and #justice for all will keep people here
I'm tired of you supporting crackpots instead of constituents. #VotePortmanOut
I am tired of you not doing your job.
What's really eating me is, We had a security breach. Right after we made a a couple billion $$$$!!.....Your problem not ours..
We don't need tax reform. We need the programs like Medicare and social security. Cutting these so the rich can have a tax cut wrong
Only thing that will happen through tax cuts is what everybody is saying rich get richer. Higher executive bonuses. #republicancrooks
Thank you @senrobportman for staying focused on the NEEDS of our great state #Ohio #MakeOhioGreatAgain #TaxReform #Jobs #MAGA
No multi-national is actually paying the current Corporate tax rate, this is all just GOP fiction.
BORRRRRRING!!!!!!
Which Ohio companies have moved overseas?
Clearly senator, President Trump has this well under control. Support him! Have you yet apologize to him?
But nothing else from the plan
You are the scum of the earth!
Actually, I'm tired of hearing how Republicans want to take away healthcare from millions of people to pad the pockets of the rich.
What we're really tired of is corporate greed that takes jobs from USA & moves them overseas where corporations pay workers slave wages.
No I’m tired of paying RITA, state and huge property taxes. Can’t move healthcare out of country @senrobportman
This is BS.  More tax deductions for companies are not going to affect the middle class.  What lies!
bring back tariff walls
Did you know that a pipeline company with $25B in revenues and Koch Industries with 70000 employees are all small businesses?
Most go overseas for cheap labor. Just ask the trump family.
Tired of companies rights being a bigger priority than human beings.
I'm tired of Rob only working 4 special interests and not We the people! How much the Kochs paying you to recite this drivel anyhow ??
Tired of hearing about $$$ trapped overseas--your donors want to bring it back, pay no taxes, and live Trump-style, not hire workers.
Not taxes, is labor cost.
Make them pay the same taxes or penalties for moving
Maybe the companies didn't move because of the tax code.  Maybe they didn't want you as their senator.
Many ohioans beginning to agree.
Tired of hearing about companies- including in Oh- that refuse to fund women's contraception. That must change.
Companies will stop going overseas if we eliminate Estate Tax?
No.  I hear it's for the cheap labor!
They move because they are greedy and because laws are rigged in their favor. We aren’t fooled.
I'm tired of you voting yes on issues and government employees that are bad for Ohio and our country!
Isn’t the “solution” in the tax plan just to stop even trying to tax foreign income? How does that help?
Again and again, you lie.
There is many obstacles, but if we ask the right questions we can build the solutions.
Tired of you in my personal life #protectourbirthcontrol
Start with Koch & Walmart. US based & bleed us with corp welfare. They give millions to lobby you. Make them pay workers. Stop paying them!
Empirical evidence doesn't support increase in employment nor wages with tax cuts.
But it has to be done in a way that is fair to the majority of Americans while keeping the deficit steady.
We're tired of you trying to sell us trickle-down once again.  It's never worked & never will. See Kansas for the latest disaster.
I thought they were moving overseas because they don’t have to deal with fair labor laws and OSHA?
More important things need to change - funding ACA, Medicare, Medicaid, Planned Parenthood & common sense gun legislation.
I'm tired of Trump lying to us. Why won't he release his tax returns?
The effective tax rate is already extremely low, and #trickledown is a myth, but we know you only advocate for those who buy your loyalty.
It's not taxes, it's lack of skill set. Stop the falsehoods, get your head out of the sand and come up with a trade training program
Tired of US companies that enjoy open sea lanes ensured by the US Navy but don't want to pay taxes to support them.
Your answer is to expect those of us who aren't millionaires to carry the burden so these cheaters can be rewarded. That's ludicrous!
Oversees labor is so much cheaper, corporations are greedy. This reform is a joke.
No, I have no sympathy for corporations. They sit on several trillion dollars currently. How will you make them raise wages?
I only hear that from you.
Are you going to impose a HUGE import tax to penalize the wage differences between our workers and theirs? Or You looking 4 more donations?
That's one interpretation. A terrible, incorrect interpretation. A party line interpretation that hurts the US.
1,075.
Is that the number of days before we can vote Rob out of office? Sad.
Days since his last public, in-person town hall in Ohio.
How many jobs did Ohio lose last month? When is the winning starting? You’re backing a loser and I sincerely hope it costs you your job
Do you really believe that is the reason?
I'm tired of a lot of things. Hold town hall & I'll tell you about them. 45459
Why not support local companies, instead of giving multinationals a tax cut?
We all know that is not why they moved overseas & a tax break will not bring them back. Quit lying. This seems to be an every day thing w/U.
Start with the Trump clan!!!
Tired of hearing about GOP- including in Oh- that hate women so much they restrict their health care. That must change. Nov 2018
Hmm can you guess what *we're* tired of hearing about? 
Tired of the super wealthy moving their companies overseas to avoid paying their fair share of US taxes.

They move because they hate paying living wages for their employees. Greed. That’s their motivation.
Exactly
YOU WILL NEVER GUESS WHAT WE'RE TIRED OF HEARING ABOUT, SENATOR!!!!
Here are some things we HAVEN'T heard about from you: your plan to curtain the rampant gun culture in the United States. #SilentRob
How you plan to support affordable birth control for women. #SilentRob
They’ll have even more incentive to move under Trumps new tax plan.
No. I'm tired of your refusal to talk about anything other than your holy trinity. Have you apologized to your son?
Tired of you not facing your constituents in a real town hall. What is like Rob to live in your little narrow minded glass house?
History does not suppport trickle down tax schemes
Pls specify how many & which OH companies moved overseas because of tax code. You love to make ambiguous statements. @indivisibledyt
Wait, Rob, you DO know this has been the reality of U.S. tax code for, ugh.. like almost 30 years now? The ‘must change’ bit is getting old.
So you’re going to give them a massive tax cut? Isn’t that just rewarding bad behavior?
Nobody moves for the tax code. Lies.
Tired of you not doing your job.
The majority of Ohioans now see you for who you are: a cowardly, but convenient, party soldier. You have gun-related blood on your hands.
That’s because business owners are Un-American
um, as far as I know corporations dont pay their tax rate...w loopholes some pay NO taxes..
You should be taxing corporate profits NOT used for development of the American workforce at the rate of 90%. They'll change.
Sure but screw the middle class while doing it including ur own good move. NOT. Lower taxes on wealthy @ corp u will reduce revenue ALOT.
Drain the swamp & the treasury as well. Pathetic
I’m tired of u always trying to take insurance away from Ohioans too! Work for us & not your party or trump!
they don't move because of the tax code moron junior.
Do you pay attention? No one is liking your tweets because the middle class wants the tax breaks. Stop giving our $ to rich businesses.
Your plan does not close loopholes paid for by the benefactors of this plan. Bottom line: you are corrupt and this is the payback.
How do you feel about Jared & Ivanka's use of private e-mails, Rob ??
Your tax cut plan has no stipulation on how savings are spent, so it will go to rebuild Caribbean homes destroyed by Irma, not for jobs.

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Tired of hearing about mass murders by guns in America. That must change.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
no it is NOT the uS tax code since they STILL wil be taxed for income overseas .   ( you forget to mention that ) . it is just greed
I agree with you on this.  But I am also tired of dealing with sneak attacks on medicare and medicaid. 43221
The GOP amazingly ignorant of basic economics. Investing in infrastructure, training, education and health boost economy. 1% tax cuts don’t.
Tired of Rob telling Party lies, dancing for Trump, & pushing ideas he voted against because Obama:
Don’t give tax breaks to corps or wealthy folks. Keep their taxes we can use it towards universal health care. I bet OH voters would love it
not the "freedom" fringe group...
Isn't Ivanka's company overseas despite her daddy's America First routine?
Tax bill is just a Trojan Horse for sabotage of ACA. You'll get to keep your hands free of dirt as always.
Quit trying to give companies and trump tax breaks. U have enough of my money try using some of theirs

Sen. Portman, you got $3 MM. What do you have to say about #guncontrol?
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-nra-funding-senators.html …
It's not because of taxes, it's because of greed....
Bull shit

Calling the Las Vegas mass shooting the deadliest ever whitewashes U.S. history. 



Does it mention the $1.5 trillion cut to Medicare and Medicaid? Does it point out that most of the benefit goes to the wealthiest Americans?

