Thank you, Senator Portman. As you know, this is a vital concern for Americans of Estonian, Latvian, and Lithuanian heritage.
Be accountable! Show up, do your job.
Figure this out.  We are in serious jeopardy here.
Too bad you didn't argue with them over Betsy DeVos. Was it principal or the 51K she gave you?
When does the investigation of Russian interference in our election start? Flynn?
hopefully those values include prosecuting acts of domestic violence
@nytimes are you telling this to the White House or looking the over way like the rest of the GOP?
#InvestigateFlynn #DumpFlynn This is unacceptable!  #DoYourJob #constituentsmatter #resist
Keep Russian sanctions.
#RussiaSanctions
#TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
time for a townhall
The admin is Putin's puppet. What do you plan to do about that?
Hard to do with Gen. Flynn backdoor dealing.
wouldn't that start with a full accounting T****'s relationship to Soviet oligarchs? Can't have one without the other
Oh hey you missed your #Russia tweet yesterday. Everything okay man?
lol like your constituents urged you to NOT vote for DeVos. We allllllll know how this plays out
I'm urging you to protect public education and students. #ivote
I am urging you to get in touch with the people you represent
And where do you stand on investigating #Russian interference in the election? #Ohio has questions that need answers
You are aware Russian 'spies' have seen everything we have to hide now, right? It didn't even cost $51k, just the election.
When is your townhall in CLE Senator? We've been calling and emailing daily with no reply.
Please check into system is rigged i.e. Russian hacking
With recent confirmation of at least part of the leaked dossier's validity, that's unlikely. Investigate them.
Instead urge them to pursue a thorough investigation of all of it including Comey! Too important to be taken lightly!
Why don't you start by investigating Trump, Flynn, Bannon and Miller?
You lost me @senrobportman.  Go watch #Iamjanedoe. You are a disappointment to your constituents. #NotoDeVos #boughtandsold
I encourage you to hold a Townhall in Northeast Ohio for your constituents
you mean you didn't get paid off from #Russia yet...
whose best values--bc "our" would indicate that we value the same things which is clearly not the case 
Looking forward to one of your town halls. Google directions to Ohio if you need help remembering where we are.
just like your values when you took a $51,000 bribe?
What values would those be?  Do we know any more? Certainly not education.
please schedule a town hall
What about Flynn?
while fucking with our kids minds using DeVos. So much for best values. You're a coward Portman.
Pretty, generic, empty words when we need you to prove your worth. Investigate Trump's ties to Russia.
please define tough and principled.  And what are our best values?
.@senrobportman this statement doesn't say anything. not remotely surprised you aren't saying something of substance, but still. #voteout
what are you doing about new reports that Trump / Flynn colluded with Russians before and after the election to undermine US?
Thanks for finally addressing something relevant.  Does this include investigating the administrations own ties to Russia?
hard to do when Flynn is in their pocket!!  #InvestigateDonaldTrump #investigateflynn
do your job Portman!  Get to the bottom of Trump's affiliation with Russia.  Ask for Flynn's resignation!
agree but urge them to take a principled stand on not advancing falsehoods like magnitude of voter fraud
You can start by insisting that Flynn needs to be relieved of his duties.
principled? Interesting, coming from a man who didn't listen to his constituents about DeVos! Vote him out!
you also need to support independent counsel to investigate Russian electoral interference and corrupt @POTUS connections.
What are you going to do about Flynn?
thx to you and your colleagues for this letter, but pls call for resignation of NSA Flynn and removal of Bannon from NSC.
you shouldn't be Senator anymore, you are an elitist politician, shame
Russia and Putin is not a friend. Russia seeks to marginalize the US at every turn. Stand strong. #Crimea
How about we ramp up the investigation into pre-inauguration relations between @realDonaldTrump  staff and Russia?
Hey Tweetaide have you shown him even one of my tweets on the deep links between Trump and Russian Oligarchs/Mafia?
you feckin clown the admin is Russia
How about sponsoring and investigation of FLYNN , DOJ and Steven Bannon involvement? Just do it!
I agree. Will you be also tough on Flynn as well? Borderline treason?
What is your stand on Flynn? We need an investigation. The Am ppl deserve your support. Trump Russian ties need 2b uncovered.
Ok, this is a start! You can LEAD-convince your peers to investigate RussiaLove. You will be redeemed in OH if you STAND UP!
Where is the Congressional inquiry into ties between the Trump administration and #Russia?
Pricipled? Seriously? Flynn, Manafort, Miller et al??? How does any R look in the mirror these days?
insist on an investigation of Flynn and Russia!  You have been all talk and no action - not listening to the people!
what about an immigration policy that is also consistent with our values? #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
this letter is a start.  How about supporting @RepJerryNadler 's inquiry to be sure this letter isn't in vain?
Devoe own you now. Hush. We Will Remember
Where are Trump's tax returns?  Why has he not divested?  Why doesn't congress care about potential conflicts of interest?
I'm starting to think this will never happen.  Putin owns Trump and his advisers.  Flynn will undermine everything you do.
How about an actual bipartisan investigation into our "so-called" president's ties to Russia. Have a backbone already!!!!!
Admin will not listen to "urging." A unified Congress can stop @realDonaldTrump, but "urging" is useless.
we urged you to vote no on DeVos, maybe you'll get the same response from them.
How about you lead the resistance? Show us that your party does care about the American people? Investigate. #resist
Hope you will push hard when Trump pushes back.  And you know he will.
and look into flynn's and trump's relationship with Putin/Russia?    Please sir, insist on the right thing.
stmts like this that offer no specifics and neglect to comment on rel issues such as Flynn are of no use to your constituents
you don't have the stones to follow thru. We all know you can be bought. #draintheswamp #coward
Do you think @realDonaldTrump has our best values in mind? He just wants to expand his business into Russia. #obvious
Say the words Rob, so you can distance yourself from the Flynn bomb which will take down the whole administration.
They won't because Putin is part of the US admin now. How about calling for an investigation and getting Trump's taxes.
.@senrobportman However, realize this administration and #RepublicanPresident is anything BUT principled.
@GeoffPyatt you may want to check why is POTUS using Russian propaganda slogans over and over, just saying…
You might want to let your boss (Donald Trump) know about this plan because he seems to think otherwise.
laughs in Putin!
No #IllegitimatePOTUS, no #IllegitimateSCOTUS. Republicans push #MAGA, deliver total corruption & subversion of government.
You: Standing for Ukraine :: Your constituents: Education, etc (good luck advocating against Russia to Trump)
.@senrobportman How about not ducking out on your constituents and actually listening to their concerns. #coward #boughtandpaidfor
In your honest opinion, is the .@FDATobacco Prohibition on Vaping consistent w/ our best values?
You lost the ability to talk about principles when you voted for Betsy DeVos. Your credibility is zero. You've been bought.
Yes but are you urging the president himself? SAY HIS NAME. You are not representing Ohio very well.
No you're not. With all of the suspicion swirling around this administration you've remained silent. History will judge you.
thank you for taking this step! But as others have said, please extend this to its logical conclusion and investigate Flynn.
I agree wholeheartedly and would love to hear more at a townhall in Cleveland!
talk is cheap...how about actually doing something?
.@senrobportman your urging will be listened to by @realDonaldTrump as much as you listened to your constituents on @BetsyDeVos
If allegations of conspiracy and misconduct are true, you must pursue impeachment of 45. Yes, hold firm on #Russia policy.
Counting on you to urge investigation of Flynn and other Trump ties to Russia.
FINALLY some sense.  The entire administration must be investigated for their Russian ties.  This goes deep.
Good message. Thank you,
As an Ohio voter, I also expect you to support an investigation into RU influence in the admin.
.@senrobportman back a full independent investigation of ties to Russian involvement in US elections, business, and govt ops.
Republican's won't do anything the People want you only do what's good for you millionaires!
And are you also urging them to investigate the hacking? Major concern to many. Your responsibility as well to investigate.
Flynn must have not had $51K to spare. Thank God for that. Sure he had blood money to grease your palms for it.
Please demand to know the nature of G. Flynn's contact with Russia. Investigate Trump's Russian ties. We have a right to know
what does that look like? Will it include investing their hacking activities during the election? Putin/Trump relationship?
you voted in favor of DeVos because she has campaign money... which of our values are you protecting there, you fraud.
.@senrobportman Gen Flynn must be investigated for his illegal back room dealings with Russian ambassador re: sanctions.
if it is determined that Trump worked with Russia for the 2016 Republican victories will you resign?
what about your 51k. The American people are going to get you out of your seat with out best wishes
our NSA is a Russian puppet. Our admin doesn't have a clue what principled means. And you, sir, are doing nothing to stop it.
"Admin should maintain the current U.S. sanctions" -- I'll call your office tomorrow re: your timeline on investigating Flynn
Urge all you want but Trump will listen to Putin not you.
good questions on this. Hope you do the right thing and sponsor an inquiry bill????
How about urging the government to pursue impeachment proceedings!! That would be a good use of taxpayer money
#soldyoursoul
No thoughts on flynn?
How about backing investigation into the President's ties w/ Russia, starting w/ him showing his tax returns like he promised
*cough* Flynn *cough*
thank you!
