I hope you have other employment lined up five years from now. You disrespect us with every tweet that isn’t about healthcare.
I have never been part of a political campaign, but I swear that I will be part of a campaign to get you voted out of office Rob.
IF G-C passes your next 5 years will be spent explaining daily opiate  deaths in the hundreds and town halls filled with grieving families!
A workforce can only be productive when it is healthy. Vote NO on GrahamCassidy so Ohioans can be healthy & productive.
Graham-Cassidy is terrible. Vote no
What about the NEED for 45 to make his tax returns public?  I say we shouldn't have tax reform unless 45 shows all.
do you read any responses to your ridiculous tweets? Almost ALL about HEALTHCARE! Stand up for OH! No on Cassidy!
He doesn’t have the balls to vote with his constituents, he is a coward and vote him out in 2018.
You are not credible on any issue. You are a sad person with no backbone
#PhotoOpRob when is the town hall?!?! Are those that were there all donors?!?!?! Stop hiding!

OH would be 1 of the states hurt the worst by Graham/Cassidy
Another attempt to distract your constituents.  Not working #GrahamCassidy
you should have told your staffer to stop posting to Twitter this week. It makes you look like you don't care about #healthcare
Healthcare! I can't sleep because I'm worried about my son's insurance! No to #GrahamCasiddy
Don't put all regulations into the category of "burdens." Some regulations may deny profits, but ensure better human & environmental health.

NEW: This entire statement from Cleveland Clinic on Graham Cassidy is absolutely incredible-- excerpt only below.

…
You are truly apathetic to your constituents
Any luck on those townhalls?
You still won't tell us what constitutes a "regulatory burden." Perhaps your entire ideology needs a review, dontcha think?
Those burdensome regulations labor unions fought for to stop child labor, better wages, reasonable hours and safer working conditions?
Seriously, how did the people from the great state of Ohio elect such a schmuck
Still avoiding G-C. Vote NO.
Ok none of that involves tax breaks for the mega wealthy elite, hunty 
AGAIN, the small business owners will lose their businesses if they get sick or injured and don't have decent healthcare.
Was that about our Healthcare or your friends that don't need it?
None of that matters if you strip workers' healthcare away, @senrobportman. I'd also know what "regulatory burden" you see. OSHA? Overtime?
Required breaks. Holidays. Humane working conditions. Retirement. Disability access. On and on, likely.
OH loses 132 billion in Graham Cassidy per AARP. What the hell Senator? We want a better deal. We are a swing state. Think.
It's amazing Senator, switched pet causes? Opioid funding no longer a priority? Why aren't you voting no on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill ?

And good health insurance? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy

Which is fine if we still have a democracy left. What are you helping Trump cover up?
Why do you hate us, Senator Portman? Do you want us to die? Do you want my handicapped son to die?
You scared, bro? Listen to your governor & vote no on repeal.
Tweet from a senator that actually cares about his constituents below.  @senrobportman take note.
I cannot in good conscience vote for Graham-Cassidy. A bill impacting so many lives deserves a bipartisan approach. http://bit.ly/2xtEuvz  
Did they ask you to destroy Medicaid?  I did not think so.  Vote no.
Stop by the Barberton Mum Festival this weekend, and meet Ohio working families. Not owners or donors, so not likely on your to do list
Cleveland Clinic's statement on G-C health bill:
If you vote for this bill, Ohioans will vote all of you out and start fresh.
In Ohio, we also need health care for the elderly, vets , the disabled. Vote no on this horrible bill!
1,061.

The #GrahamCassidy bill is a disaster, so we’ve compiled some important questions for “pro-lifers” to ask themselves. #WhatsProLifeAbout
Singing the glories of tax cuts, so you can con them into tax cuts for your rich donors. Getting funds by cutting healthcare? Disgraceful
JFC.  Opioids SESTA Small Biz.  Lather Rinse Repeat.  

NO on Graham Cassidy!!
#RobPortmanResign
Graham-Cassidy exposes you as a weak hypocrite that doesn't represent Ohio's interests when it counts.
Hi, @senrobportman WHAT DID THEY SAY ABOUT HEALTH CARE?  I bet they want affordable healthcare! YOU can do something about that right now!
My guess, he never brought the subject up.
Except for the kid, they all look like they never miss a meal
And affordable healthcare. Sick workers are not productive.
Wonder if any of those workers have a pre-existing illness, they might have to pick up a second job to pay for premiums if Trump care passes
G-C bill hurst state battling the opioid crisis. You need to vote NO
Do you know what makes German automakers thrive - no healthcare costs - Germany like most truly developed nations has a single payer system
Businesses that fail if they are regulated to protect our environment and their workers aren't good corporate citizens, @senrobportman
But better public education --> a well-trained workforce is an awesome idea.
Public education & infrastructure require companies who make money employing well-trained citizens / using roads, bridges, etc. pay taxes.
Make it simpler, sure - unless that's a secret code for "running up public debt so private corps can make more while paying less."
Please don't vote for the ACA repeal next week. Do the right thing.
It would be great if we could keep healthcare too. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Was the conversation like your tele pseudo town halls?  You pick the topics and then give a monologue? Hint: that's not a real conversation.
Who set the agenda? Was health care discussed with your chosen group?
You could really help small biz in our state by voting no on this healthcare bill. Respectfully.

Every major health organization, or Donald Trump? This bill isn't dead yet. Tell your senators which side you're on: (855) 999-1663 

Ohioans lose BIG under #GrahamCassidy. $132 BILLION projected in cuts to Medicaid.

@senrobportman, #VoteNo! 
