Sen Portman, I am a Dem but follow both of my Senators.  Does it bother you that all your pro Gorsuch tweets could also describe Garland?
While you try to justify stealing a seat, @SenSherrodBrown introduced the Paycheck Fairness Act. Why don't you care about equal pay?
Rob Portman is the wrong man for the job. He won't legislate but be judgmental as a Senator.
Can't wait until he's confirmed. Thank you senator.
Yes---  At least as qualified as Merrick Garland who couldn't even get a hearing.  #SCOTUSnominee
Do what's fair & right or start boxing up your office & kiss your political career good-bye. R U really going down with #45?
The Judge will make a great Associate Justice.  Can't wait until another conservative joins him this year. #RobforOhio
You refused to hold hearings for Garland, now upset when the dems aren't willing to vote for your party's pick? #stolenseat
I so look forward to Ohio voting your ass out of office!!!! @SenateDems @SenateGOP
If you can't get 60 votes like every other SCOTUS nominee then change the candidate, NOT THE RULES.
How do you feel about his plagiarism? I'm guessing that you're OK with it since you voted for Secretary of Ed. DeVos, who also plagiarized.
The seat belongs to Merrick Garland. GOP shouldn't have blocked nom for year. And Gorsuch is an awful weasel. Just like you.
His mere appointment is a violation to the constitution since Garland never even got a hearing. #StolenSeat
The plagiarist who thinks employers should be able to ask their female employees evasive and  personal questions about their private lives?
Do you think if you keep tweeting this that we will start to change our minds?  Still hypocritical -BTW he still has not answered questions
Wrong Rob he is not right for the job he didn't answer simple questions
Time to stop justifying your Act of Treason! Your silence on the Paycheck Fairness Act shows #Ohioans how partisan you are!
How much are you being paid for your vote?  I hope it's alot...you may not get another term!!
#NoGorsuch
And Merrick Garland would? How would you know? You ignored him
You can't possibly know that because he refused to answer any questions raised during his confirmation hearings #StopLying2Us
Just like you thought Pruitt would be good for the EPA. You have no credibility.
No - he's actually NOT
marylouhpr@sbcglobal.net ITS A NOOOOOOOOOOO    ON  GORSUCH .
No, he is not.
You have no credibility. Republicans stole the seat and now want to pack the court. NO!
like it or not our judicial system has a foundation in courts of equity. judges should use common sense in their decisions. gorsuch does not
Wrong! No on Gorsuch.
No again. POTUS under investigation, Gorsuch cares only about big Corps, wrong for America, etc. #stillNo #notogorsuch
Remember your state went for Obama twice and you ignored his nomination #stolenseat
Remember when the dems changed the Senate rules and set in motion the nuclear option? #someoneelsesturn
Remember how many appointments were blocked by the GOP? More than had been for ALL other presidents combined.
You certainly are trying to make sure that you can't get elected dog catcher after this cycle, aren't you?
Using nuclear option = cowardly, cheating, and breaks 230 years of Democratic tradition. U disgust me. Sell out. @OhioDistrict12
Your support for equal pay for women was absolutely deafening today. Thanks a lot.
As long as Trump is being investigated, you should suspend appointment.
McCain and Cruz said in October that they would never vote for a Clinton nomination.
Reminds me of  Biden comment that was used last year.
NO!  Read his opinions - he's been legislating from the bench already!
#RUSSIA
No new appointments until the FBI investigation of trump is finished. A lifetime appointment is too serious to rush.
Yesterday you said you liked him because he didn't interpret the law, merely applied it as written.  Which is it Rob?
No, senator. Just no.
Show some leadership and demand Merrick Garland get a hearing! Show some leadership and say no nominations while under treason investigation
I'm guessing you are getting a ton of feedback suggesting you vote against Gorsuch.  Why else would you continue to ram it down our throats?
if you're a corporation
no has not the right pick. Listen to your constituents vote no.
I disagree completely with you. Please vote on behalf of your constituents, not your sponsors
Senate GOP blocked 79 Obama appointees for judgeships.
Gorsuch will interpret the law to benefit businesses, hurt workers, set back women's rights, disregard the handicapped. NO!!!
Listen to your constituents, be a patriot for once #countrybeforeparty
if he gets your vote, YOU will NOT get mine! Repubs are washed up.
Read what you wrote. Interpret as written.  That is not interpretation. That is reading. If it were that easy, we wouldn't need courts.
Only thing u should be standing for is integrity in government. Country loyalty vs. party loyalty. No rule changes. Vote and move forward.
Nope...again you have it wrong.  Thanks for playing.
And yet his record indicates he is 90% more likely to side with big business
No nominee should be voted on while Russian involvement in election (and Trump team's collusion) is being investigated. Integrity matters.
No! Gorsuch backed by Philip Anschutz, conservative billionaire of Koch "Dark Money" network #NoGorsuch
Pray for God to sway Dems.
The law is blind. Judges have eyes, ears and hearts and must use them to apply the law. Say NO to Gorsuch.
Wrong choice! Wrong for America! #NoGorsuch #OhioVoter
Remember Merrick Garland? This is his seat. Period.
No. 2017 senate will be remembered as the one with the hubris to change its own rules to confirm nominee of pres under FBI investigation.
Your party has been hijacked, yet you are rushing to do his bidding. History will not treat the GOP well and your constituents will remember
LISTEN TO OHIO. We need a mainstream judge.
He has testified that he rules as his "clients" #wish. THAT IS NOT BEING #IMPARTIAL #Ohioans #speakup #resist #theresistance
Liar
You are not listening to your constituents. They want you to vote against Gorsuchs confirmation. Stop being a party lapdog, you tool
No matter how many times you post this, you're still wrong.  Until #russiagate is concluded, no SCOTUS pick for Trump.
#StolenSeat why weren't you so respectful to #Garland? I guess a year is long enough for a filibuster?
Wrong. He has already proven he legislates from the bench.
I don't believe you are representing my voice on this matter. How much $ did he give you to say that?
Vote NO. 44107 Gorsuch lacks basic common sense in applying law, like in the frozen trucker case. Get real!
How'd that Garland thing go again?  I can never remember.
Good job Mr Portman! U are making the people who voted for u proud!
The question is "Who does his interpretation serve?"  That speaks to his and now your moral core. #NoToGorsuch @OhioDistrict12
He is absolutely the worst person, especially for hardworking Ohioans. Everyone seems to understand but you. He'll have a job & you won't
And you bought it! 
Disagree 100%.
Why on earth should we trust you, when you have undermined the peoples' voices since you were reelected? #nogorsuch
No one interprets as written.  Everyone reads thru their eyes.  All are biased; just depends on how they lean.
This is absurd. Originalists with no respect for precedent aren't fit for SCOTUS. You're an embarrassment to Ohio.
Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garl
Riiiiiight
How do you feel about Merrick Garland? Oh, that's right - you sold your feelings. #NoOnGorsuch
Wrong. His jurisprudence is suspect. Seat belongs to Garland. 45 should not appoint while under investigation. Partisanship at its worst.
I have noticed that people scream legislating from the bench only when they don't like the result.
Why R U ignoring RussiaTrump??? We are questioning your role, too, Rob. #noconfirmation til #independentinvestigation #areyouwithusorRussia
Nah bc MERRICK Garland
By "right" man, U mean Republican, right? 'Cause Garland wasa great choice, accrdng 2 Orrin Hatch. So, I can only assume U mean "right" man.
It's time for #CountryOverParty, Rob, & a #REALTownHallNOW so you can #listentoyourconstituents. #whatareyoudoing #independentinvestigation
NO CONFIRMATION UNTIL #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION, SENATOR.  NO NUCLEAR OPTION. Change the nominee, not the rules. #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS
NO.
A president under FBI investigation does not get to select our next supreme court judge. Do the right thing
Not a lot of support here for your man Gorsuch... willing to bet you vote for him anyway. Thanks for standing on the backs of the little guy
#NoGorsuch Dangerous corporate leaning judge. Puts women's rights, and civil rights at risk. Wouldn't agree with BrownVboard.
I disagree ! This man is only for big corporations, not for EVERYONE. Do what's right Sen Portman. Your constituents will applaud you
@All100Senators @YouTube EXACTLY the same about CENTRIST Judge Merrick Garland you hypocrite!!
Actually Merrick Garland is the right man for the job—even if he was nominated by the black guy.
He is not the right man. He is for corporations not people
Whatever you say. Funny your name is ROB, which is what you and your party conspire to do to Americans on a daily basis!
Bullshit, he's terrible and taking a seat YOU stole from Merrick Garland because you couldn't bear having a black president!
Does the law "as written" say that corporations are persons?
another vote for big business
Repeating information does not increase its veracity.
Except he's stealing a seat.
Pres under criminal investigation should not make a lifetime appointment! No probe, no robe!
It's no surprise you will support this GOP nomination to SCOTUS despite ignoring equally qualified Judge Garland. How does Judge legislate?
According to the Constitution, Merrick Garland is the rightful nominee. The GOP has no respect for the law.
Get @SenateMajLdr to stop fooling around & CHANGE SENATE RULES:There will be No Compromise w/the LEFT on ANYTHING: Lead and get used to it!
#wrong
Nope! Rob, let us know the numbers of constituent calls for vs against! I'm positive your aren't listening to Ohio...
I second this. Lets see those numbers, @senrobportman. #listentoUS #REALTownHallNOW #releasethosenumbers #whatareyoudoing #CountryOverParty
The right man to defend corporations over people. How is he better than Garland? Senate behavior is despicable. Find another nominee.
So what was wrong with Merrick Garland? Could it be that your team didn't pick him? Has he had his hearing yet? #stillwaiting
He was selected from an extreme right list and does not reflect the centrist nature of the  American electorate. I support filibuster
Senate owes an apology to Merrick Garland.  Time for Republicans. to acknowledge their contribution to this mess
#NoGorsuch #NoNuclearOption #NewNominee
Please get a room already.
.Tell me more about how it's Obamas fault that Assad gassed women and children you coward.
He consistently interprets the law to the disadvantage of those most vulnerable. He will not exercise *humanity* from the bench either.
That's because you don't think Citizens United or gutting the voting rights act was legislating from the bench. We beg to differ.
After we vote on #MerrickGarland, we can have a vote on Gorsuch as a SCOTUS nominee. PERIOD. #StolenSeat @senrobportman
Judge Gorsuch is the right man for the job. He will interpret the law as written & will not legislate from the bench:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QgFaDEZlp0 …
gosh. You're thick as a brick aren't you? YOU WORK FOR US. We have said no on Gorsuch. YOU WORK FOR US.
Really?  I think not.  If we cannot have a consensus vote the senate is contributing to the destruction of democracy.
Share the reply!
I fourth the trucker, or the autistic family feels that way. VOTE NO ON Gorsuch
*doubt*
You're fooling yourself Portman. Either that or you're a liar.
GORSUCH NO GO ! Why didn't you give Garland a hearing for 11 months? Rob, you feeling really empowered since reelection?
Nope! He was picked by #PresidentBannon who ran the racist hate site @BreitbartNews.
