Please just admit you have no idea how to govern already.

No #IranDeal is even more deeply-flawed #BotPortman.
THAT'S WHY THE WORLD POWERS SIGNED ON TO IT.
Now we are untrusted.
#GetHimOut
#YouGoToo
Donald Trump is deeply flawed. I'm looking forward to Impeachment to address issues. @SenRobPortman
#25amendment!#TrumpIsAMoron #PortmanIsHisAccomplice
@senrobportman @POTUS is deeply flawed. I look forward to invoking the 25th to address that issue #ashamed @CbusIndivisible @OhioDistrict3
So why will anyone, including N Korea, negotiate with us when we walk away from deals that are being honored?  So much for global standing.
When are you going to start representing us. You know the people that live in Ohio. Stop representing only your donors
Rebups are doing everything they can to take attention away from the fact that Trump is sabotaging our healthcare. #ACAsabotage
What, specifically is wrong with it, or are you just parroting Trump? Why is every other country involved OK with it?
I have to say I’m impressed on how often u agree w/Donnie’s bad decisions. Can’t wait to show u how impressed I am when it’s time to vote.
Your days of laying low, going with the flow & getting reelected are over,Sen. Stand up or get run over. Change will come with or w/out you.
Your emperor has no clothes.  POTUS is clearly unstable and dangerous.  How long will you continue to pretend? Stop enabling this madman!
You are supposed to represent Ohioans but you're nothing more than Trump's puppet. Hold town halls. Listen to constituents. Man up, Rob.
Right! Because it's working. Wait. That's right, you hate it because Obama did it.
What are you doing about Trump?
You are on the wrong side of history, Rob.
I'll bet you signed Tom Cotton's letter to the Iranians. You violated the Logan Act!
All you do is support this unhinged “president”. You do NOTHING for Ohioans! Buh-bye! #2022 #ImpeachTrumpNow #CountryOverParty
Didn't 20+ countries sign off on this agreement?  What is so bad about it?
You're a deeply-flawed agreement, Rob. Be a leader and read a book or two.
<3
Allies negotiated it US. They are still in favor of it. Do u & Trump know better? Like Bush Jr knew pre-emptive was w / Iraq was smart?
Our Allies seem to disagree.  You and the rest of the GOP are turning us into a laughingstock.

Decertifying the Iran nuclear accord would bring a loss of U.S. credibility among its international partners. http://ow.ly/Pibd30fUUmr 
You say that about everything. Why not fix a flawed thing rather than recklessly toss war talk?
This is sooo much better than Obama with his logic, big words and complete sentences
Deeply flawed obsolete celebrity runs a flag up the nuclear arms race pole--what could go wrong? What could possibly go wrong, Rob?
Your assessment is deeply flawed.
This is from a former acting CIA director under GW Bush. https://twitter.com/jmclaughlinSAIS/status/918892003458461698 …
What issues do you have with it? Just the ones you’re told to have with it?
Could you be any farther up @realDonaldTrump ass??
If @POTUS was your boss,this 'brown nosing' would just be sad. The world is watching,as are your real bosses:Ohio voters
Toady.
#IranDeal is good. Leave it alone. How about engaging Iran in separate negotiations on non-nuclear issues?
nazi sympathizer
How do you get Trump's poop stains out of your collar?
Really?   REALLY?   As the former trade rep are you kidding?
Rob you cannot support this Moron's agenda. Pls No
Did one of your bots get out of line or do believe this and if so why?  Talk to us like adults. #BotPortman
Shame! Shame! Shame!
You're a shill sir.
Sellout
You have tied yourself to Trump; you own his actions now.
Its only flaw is a black president negotiated it stop trying to remove Barack from the history books he won teice get the hell over it
Coward!
What do you have to say about YOUR president’s decision on ACA that will cost us higher premiums and the tax payers $193 Bil???
I Know!  ACA and skyrocketing premiums.  Well guess what the moron just did?  You are useless Senator!
Wow you’re going to do something in Congress. I’ll wait till I see that.
Trump also cut off subsidies to the ACA today; that will render healthcare unaffordable for many of ur constituents. UR silence is deafening
You’re both reprehensible liars with zero integrity and you both should resign.
I am quitting the GOP. You are a mindless sheep and do not represent Ohioans
Mr. President ......its me Rob.
I thought YOU were smarter than that!
Yeah, reinvent the wheel. How stupid! Piss off allies and Iranians. All for his hardon. Petty and stupid! Push country straight to hell! ...
Enjoy your last term Portman
Humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico not just Trump. @GOP has culpability allowing an unfit person to remain in office.100s or 1000s will die!
Why must you and rest of GOP always start by throwing baby out with bath water?  Put in some effort to fix something flawed for once
I’m forced to conclude that not only are you cowardly and obedient to your masters, you’re not very bright either.
You spent how many years obstructing never governing You are not listening the experts and that is putting party before country
Screw off @senrobportman you are a #TrumpEnabler.  You're responsible 4 the increased division in our country too. #Kasich2020 @JohnKasich
History will enumerate those legislators who lined up to support the mobster fascist regime.
What exactly do you DO all day? If it’s so deeply flawed why didn’t you work with President Obama to fix it, or is it that you only rep Rs?
I can't tell where your nose ends and @realDonaldTrump's ass begins. Shame on you, Portman.
http://www.politico.eu/article/federica-mogherini-donald-trump-iran-eu-us-has-no-right-to-terminate-iran-accord/ … Our International partners disagree.  Read the deal...it's not our deal...it's a global agreement
Lap dog!
The Grabbers O' Pussie set the Iran accord up so that Obama had to make a politically embarrassing "certification" every 90 days.
Now Trump is caught in the Grabbers O' Pussies trap, and has to do the same certification. That's all that's going on here.
Rob Portman can posture all he wants, but the Iran accord isn't going anywhere, and the lack of foresight is damning.
You need to work on getting that maniac out of the White House
You must be rolling in some major bribes with all your support of the reckless madman in the WH. #VOTEOUTPORTMAN
You're a monster! I won't be able to afford my insurance anymore thanks to the GOP!
You are one simple person! Just like Trump, 2018..you are out!
$3 million dollars from the NRA Senator
THAT is what we want to hear you talk about/defend
OMG!! Rob, do you have any original thoughts or opinions?
Your president and party leader is a deeply flawed man. I look forward to your growing a spine and addressing his issues.
Hey Rob @POTUS is actually Donald J Trump. Not sure if you meant to loop him in.
You'll die of old age before you see any meaningful legislative proposals from this White House.
Please stop accepting @NRA cash & Reconsider Making a difference to future Americans #GUNviolence
#GunControlNow
It's great!!  Now Iran can resume their nuclear program.  What on earth is the matter with you?
Most deals @PoTuS makes end very badly. Do what's right for all of America, not just your R-based voters. The world is watching us right now
Your response doesn’t surprise me. You’ve sided with Trump from the beginning and continue to screw Ohioans! #WorstSenatorEver
By "Iran deal" do you mean this one?
Translation: "I look forward to signing whatever my Lobby Groups and PACs tell me to"
As Iran & the world say no deal. Back to square one. Continue their nuclear program while @netanyahu & Saudi Arabia talk Trump into war.
Hey fellow Ohioans, Rob has just confirmed that he'll support whatever Trump does.  Gut your healthcare, raise your taxes, abandon u like PR
How's the North Korea plan coming? Just like Bush, not satisfied with one major conflict!
Rob is all blather and no balls.
#robisakochshill
#boughtandpaidfor
@realDonaldTrump hates the first ammendment and is a danger to our country. Impeach and then work with @vp on the iran deal and tax reform
I look forward to building my bomb shelter is now going to be a reality 
Iran would be crazy not to start up work on nuclear weapons right away. North Korea would be nuts to stop.
Of COURSE it's flawed! Do you think we made it up? After loads of negotiating, it was the best that could be managed. We lose even that now.
Maybe you should hold a live townhall meeting and explain it to us @senrobportman
You and your president are deeply flawed. You've hitched your wagon to the crazy train, senator. Isolating US diplomatically=deeply flawed.
Ohioans look forward to meeting ur replacement! U should RESIGN
I look forward to voting you out of office. I campaigned for you, and you've shown you're not capable of standing up to our bully president
You've greatly disappointed me
Ew
1st time u comment on something controversial u get eaten alive. I now c why u hide all the time. #townhalls #coward #fakefoxnews
Really, @senrobportman? Really? So the entire world is out of step but US?  I guess Moronism is a widespread disorder after all. @cnn
Says who? Even Israel supports the deal.  POTUS is not stable and we need Congress to remove him before he tweets us into WW3
Most experts disagree. But since trump said it, you're all in. Please give us some of flaws this has. I'll bet you can't.
You disappoint me daily but I don't believe that you even care.
This Congress is useless.
You suck. America is the laughing stock. Can't be trusted
No. Stop with the party line & do your f*^*ing research!!!
Hmmm.  This is the same President that spoke with the President of the Virgin Islands.  Riggghhht.
The only foreign leader with his bigly high IQ.

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
Multiple countries helped broker the deal and our criticism only diminishes our standing in the intl community
O!M!G!  Can you not see the damage POTUS is creating?  You are just as delusional as he is.
When did the Kochs secure a financial interest in the Iran deal?  This development is depressing.
And your experience with #45 indicates to you, in Oct. 2017, that he can he can cook up a better deal? Wow. I see an erratic egomaniac fool.
Actually, it’s been very effective, and even trump’s SecDef says Iran is in compliance.  The issue here is trump’s racism against Obama.
exactly
there is VIDEO of Mattis saying so
More destabilization. Effin' great. 

You guys SUCK at doing your jobs.
Once again, under trump, the US stands alone and abandons the rest of the world. Really @senrobportman ?
Nothing stopping them from getting a nuke now-say goodbye Israel!
Your party can’t even do stuff it campaigned on for most of a decade. Now adding a hostile government to the mix. Odds aren’t good!
Saying 'deeply flawed' with not enough specific info data is just not good government - albeit, the norm...
No, your support of the cheeto mussolini is deeply flawed! No reelection for you!  You have gone against your constituents too many times
Bullshit! Flaws and all, you'd have to be a total idiot to think Trump will come up with something better.
Instead of rhetoric, wish you'd more deeply consider the effects on/to US if admin. proceeds. We are not in this alone!!!
@POTUS is deeply flawed.  You need to start standing up for our country and institutions.  He is ruining us, tax reform is not worth it.
Meanwhile every other country in the world now sees America as unreliable and you are an accomplice to this travesty.
I bet you do, but it won't happen.  All talk, no action.  We are better off if you don't, because you will just screw it up anyway.
We all see now where your loyalties lie. Not with your constituents but with a conman that is out to ruin the country. No reelection for you
This tweet smacks of "falling in line", considering your utter silence on this issue before today.
I wish you could see that Trump is just trying to erase anything Obama.  Can’t you see how crazy he is?  #25thAmmendmentNow
We are in the deal with allies we leave or change it we won't be trusted
Too bad our allies think this is a TERRIBLE move on Trump's part.
But has  the rest of Earth taken an IQ test?
Perhaps they're waiting for Trump and Tillerson to finish their IQ battle?
Oh, and our allies in the Iran agreement aren't actually 'the rest of Earth'.
Don't start claiming you have opinions, Rob. It's "off-brand" for you.
Parrots are cool birds known for repeating things, without any understanding of what was said. You are not a cool bird, don't act like one.
You seem to be picking the winning side. Racism, masogeny, isolation, national debt. You can sure pick a winner.
So flawed you support a President going back on the word of the United States? Shame on you.
....this coming from a deeply flawed Senator.  Go sell your wares somewhere else
Tearing up treaties is great foreign policy! It’s going to make everything better everywhere.
Have you talked to France and Germany about it?
You are a deeply flawed so called human being.
