Did you honestly think that repealing the ACA was going to make the opioid problem any better? Really?
People legally prescribed opiods rarely overdose , chronic pain patients stigmatized due to people breaking the law..
It wasn't until You sided with Kasich on Medicaid Expansion in Ohio Traitor
Pg2 Was proud u were on list f Nays,Prayed u'd stay t course. Disgustus AKA @donaldjtrump madeDEAL4 drugs&that was all it took 4u2 fold.44
Maybe the next GOP healthcare bill should INCLUDE mental health and substance use disorder coverage.
I don't need to pay for other people's  problems
Why not? We pay for airports...some of whom never use them...
Rob, Rob, Rob...what part of "you work for us" don't you, @SenateGOP @HouseGOP understand? Just give us the health plan we pay for you!
Time to repeal and replace you! #portmanisasellout
You still don't get who votes for you and who doesn't. I guess you figure your safe since you were just re-elected. 2022 you're GONE. Fool.
If federal legislators really wanted to combat #opioidcrisis then marijuana would be legal
Seems to me your constituents have a clear message, will you listen?
McCain and Portman what a pair of RINOS
How about rethinking strategy.  More of the same will reap, more of the same.
If you really cared about the opioid abuse epidemic and the people of Ohio you wouldn't have voted to cut Medicaid. You're a hypocrite.
The wall!
Start with a single payer healthcare plan so everyone is covered for treatment!
Way to have our back on healthcare. Nothing you do can fix that.
You haven't done a thing to help anyone
What you need to do is keep your promises and help repeal Obamacare
You had a drug problem is what your saying I'm trying2understand because I lost 2 nephews& family still fighting this disease
I call bull. Stop the shit from coming into our country. I'm tired of paying for drug addicts
Your disgusting war on chronic pain patients is deplorable your disgusting.  Alcohol and tobacco far greater killers you just tax.
Well take people's health insurance away! I'm sure THAT will help everyone make better choices! 
RINO. I am an Ohio voter 45806 I will support any GOP running against you next term. We will not forget you are a GOP traitor
You should be pushing for the wall to help fight drugs coming into the states. You job is work with POTUS to help fulfill his promises
Like vote for a bill that hurts addicts...you are a SELL OUT!  Speaking out of both sides of YOUR MOUTH
@senrobportman  has been battling drug abuse for 20 years? That would explain so many of his decisions. Get help man, we are there for you.
I'm just relieved your votes to gut medical insurance failed. Those 15 million that would have lost insurance in 2018 are relieved too.

MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 

You have ZERO credibility with America, Sir. You are a Liar.
You don't honestly think that we trust you to help with the opioid problem when you couldn't take care of healthcare do you?
Politicians use powerful words like combated, please tell us when this combat happened other than in a building talking about it.
Drug abuse?  How about our national security!  It won't matter if anyone is on drugs or drunk! Why did you betray us? Repeal Obamacare
Um..I voted on a bill that would have screwed a lot of people. I couldn't stand up like Mr. McCain did.#purecoward
Great job Rob. Now...do what you should have done the other night/morning and VOTE "NO" when it comes up again...likely to be forever.
Medicaid-covered rehab programs & insurance that covers mental health/preexisting conditions also help. Plz stop trying 2 get rid of those.
ppl w/unhealthy lifestyles like drug abusers & ppl w/ promiscuous sex habits need to learn about paying their fair share, not successful ppl
War on Drugs is a complete failure since Nixon thought up to put protestors in jail and target minorities. Didn't stop illegal drugs
So youve been combating for 20 yrs, maybe try to be alot firmer instead of compassionate, ur way has not worked
Sorry this sounds hollow after ur vote on Healthcare. You had chance to stand up like 2 Rep. women senators but didn't. Party before people.
Then fix the ACA! Stop trying to repeal and replace. Fully fund the ACA.
Then stop talking repeal/replace and FIX what's broken. Watching it implode is negligent and stealing healthcare from the needy is criminal.
Maybe it's so bad because for 20+ years you've been "combating" it by voting against healthcare.
Its ironic it got that bad under Obamas watch and democratic control then u support it
Yet you voted to decimate Medicaid and to throw 16 million Americans of healthcare. You are a coward a liar #TheResistance Will defeat you
We no longer believe you care about Ohio after your vote.
How is voting  to prohibit DC to have needle exchange programs combating drug abuse?  Would you support this today? http://www.ontheissues.org/2016/Rob_Portman_Drugs.htm …
That's sad, if you've been combating drugs for 20 years & haven't figured out you're a complete failure says it all. You should quit today!
.@SenSherrodBrown I am very frustrated by @senrobportman's constant tweets & talk about #opioidcrisis while he votes to weaken #healthcare.
Yes! Mr. Portman outright betrayed us and himself. Then just wants to keep chugging along like nothing happened.
Opioid crisis bad.  Taking health insurance from millions good. #hypocrite
How have you combated drug abuse for 20 years and then it got this bad? You found a non-offensive issue to attach to so you look moderate.
And you think your constituents are not very smart, because we can see past your "charm" and know you are only interested in your own power
So very brace of you to be pro equal marriage, when it affects YOUR family. Where would you be if it wasn't a personal issue. #opioidsFTW
Trump could say heroin is a great drug and should be legal and you would be the first to say thats a great idea and how smart he is
Prohibition creates death by drug lords executing their own justice system.
Drug prohibition doesn't solve problems. It creates lucrative black markets and death by robbery and death by prostitution.
How do you plan on having an impact on the #opioidcrisis, if you aren't wrkng to reform our current healthcare? You voted to cancel care!
thanks for that yah! vote on skinny repeal of ACA, really outdid yourself sticking up for your constinuents. We remember at election time!
Better a heroin user OD from abundant legalized drugs than a family member getting shot by one robbing the house to pay prohibition prices
Everytime I see him, I get sick to my stomach because he is suppose to represent us and our needs? When all he cares about is his greed.
CONMAN @senrobportman voted to STEAL coverage from 200,000 Ohioans a year receiving substance abuse treatment through Medicaid!!!
Your statement is disingenuous after your yes vote on healthcare. You're using the opioid crisis for political gain and it's disgraceful.
Yet you voted for the Skinny Repeal, knowing it was entirely possible it would become law as written. Irresponsible& shameful
Don't see your name here, Mr. Portman 
Many Republicans want to continue the CSR payments to stabilize the markets. Including Ron Johnson, Susan Collins, etc.
Rob, if you been combating it for 20 yrs and it's reached epidemic proportions, perhaps you're part of the problem.
I am a constituent & I think you supported the wrong man if you want something done about this. The man in the WH certainly does not care.
For the right amount of money, you would change your opinion on this too. #spineless
Yet you voted for the "skinny repeal" knowing the House would not conference. Knowing they'd pass into law the "skin-us-alive repeal" shiv
yet you voted to repeal the aca. How would repeal have helped? It soul have put a lot of treatment centers out of business
Can you count on any partnership from GOP leadership?  HHS leadership? POTUS leadership?  Help no, threats yes, re: Sen Murkowski.
You and the rest of theRepublicans keep cutting taxes for the rich , and then you cut programs to help this problem , why dont you get out
Really? REALLY? You voted FOR TrumpCare. You voted to take healthcare away from 16 million Americans and for 20% compounding premium hikes.
And you have the NERVE to pretend like you care.
We. Will. Remember. This.
Maybe you can spread some of that kickback money you got from the Insurance lobbyists around..
WE WON'T FORGET
You voted Yes on the Skinny repeal that no one wanted. Not even several of the GOP. 8 pages with 2 pgs against women. We won't forget.
You might as well stop with these tweets. You showed how much you DON'T care by your vote to take healthcare from millions.
You're not a serious person. You voted to kick 560k Ohioans off insurance. Just stop.
Hen why did you want to take everybody's health care away?    People are not going to forget, sir.
U must be cofused he should pf took it away obama care sucks

 https://twitter.com/therickydavila/status/878270776016850948 …
I think we should talk about this & some other things. Which day are you going to the Fair? #StateFairTownHall
Like cover treatment and recovery services? Also known as HEALTHCARE.
Do you really care or is this more lip service.  You tweet one thing and do the exact opposite.  Stop tweeting and work for us!
This is the issue Sen. The more you tweet & talk about #opioidcrisis while voting to weaken #healthcare, the more of a #hypocrite you seem.
Maybe start reading into WHY Americans always have to be high. We don't invest in people in this country, very little social support, etc.
You are a party sheep. When are you up for reelection? I will personally make sure you lose.
WEIRD.  It's almost like fighing drugs is the actual problem due to unforseen consequences.
Its just a coincidence that the timeline of our "presence" in Afghanistan the country that makes 90% of the worlds opium coincide perfectly.
Illegal Drug Trafficking Can't Happen Without Corruption At All Levels of Government Local State and Federal. ..We Need To Address This
Only going to get worse with this administration and its caring nature. You hypocritical fool.
