Merrick Garland, you bipartisan hero, you.
we need to you govern. Not just do the rich's bidding. 45226
Replace with universal healthcare.That's what any civilized society would do. Sorting who can & who cannot have care is evil
when will you work on the broken immigration system?
we need to listen to our people not our greedy president
you were the first person to vote with your party when it came to supporting DeVos - your constituents will remember
we need to get rid of congressmen who keep siding with trump on policies that screw over the American people.
And we will...
word! This is the @senrobportman retirement term!
Ironic since your using partisanship to ignore constituents to end their healthcare. #SavetheACA
Broken tax code....is that "political speak" for yet more tax breaks for the 1%?
-- but CLOSE loopholes for TOP 1-5%!! -- @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP
Partisanship is a funny thing considering you've stonewalled the Democrats for 8 years.
. @senrobportman  Why vote away my privacy? Ohio's privacy? We deserve a Senator on OUR side!! #holdatownhall
List of 50 senators who just voted to let ISPs sell your private data to marketers without your permission. #Tech 
You sold us out to internet companies who will only make more money off consumers! It's all about the money to you and GOP!
Right! So we need to raise taxes to encourage tax deductible investment on growth and rules to ensure employee safety!
so what's your plan? How about a flat tax no more loop holes for guys like your Trump who hasn't paid taxes is years
#taxcutsforthewealthy #slash state support will result in higher taxes for the middle class. Please don't do it.
oh the irony! A true leader leads by action, not by "do as I say, not as I do". We r all anxiously awaiting ur bipartisanship
we need to take care of sick people and health care. Not give a tax break to the rich.
so why are you voting with your party and not with the people of Ohio on every major divisive issue?
school funding by property tx unconstitutional for 20 years - what will you DO to FIX this; while protecting public schools?
you tweet, but you do not read responses to your tweets. Maybe we are not paying you enough. What is your purchase price?
Betsy got him for a mere $51,000.00
I get that jobs are important. But is this really the biggest issue right now?
GOP cares more about the 1 percent that the rest of the country
We need healthcare, not partisanship.
yes, higher taxes on wealthy.  Like in the 1950s.
Good luck with that. As long as you Repugs continue to support Trump there can only be partisanship. #DontheCon #IMPEACH45
can u explain to me y u voted to let our internet data be sold?  I saw this list and low and behold u voted yes,  so why??
The GOP invented partisanship. But you are right, start by resisting Trump and follow the majority of America. From Ohio.
Last presidency was record job growth and you are still saying this? Everyone knows you mean cut taxes for the wealthy.
you're right, we do. So please stop acting so partisan. #constituent
then listen to your constituents!!!!! #VoteNoAHCA
How about we fix blatant gerrymandering of voting districts that favor a single party over another?  It would get "results".
I wish you could define "smart regulatory." Now all POTUS does is reverse anything related to Obama, and you support it.
stop your partisan politics and demand transparency & independent investigation. you represent US not the top 1% funding you!
says the king of partisanship who stole a SCOTUS seat & never once worked with Obama -who actually cared about debt reduction
I'm all in favor of eliminating loopholes, but wholly opposed to tax cuts as they don't create #jobs just rich shareholders
stop talking and stand up to your party for once. #liar #hypocrite
Yes! Great public policy comes from compromise. This applies to everything though, right? Like even healthcare?
You tweet one way but vote the opposite. #DeVos #Pruitt You are a party politician to the core.
I have not seen you vote once yet against your party. Your party leader is corrupt and incompetent. Walk away from him.
Um, then why do you constantly vote party first?  #Trumprussia #trumpputin
sounds good, however you have a long record of voting party over people. Actions speak louder than words
A different Sec'y of Ed may have helped with that.
I just spit my coffee out "we don't need partisanship". Then work with ALL of your colleagues. That's what real employees do
this tweet is meaningless...
speaking of regulation, Waterville compressor station isn't a fit for this populated of an area. Will u help 2 relocate?
How about not letting my personal info be sold by my internet provider?
words! Your actions say otherwise! Charlatan!
Nothing more important than #Trumprussia ties, it's really rich for U to say results before party. GOP nothing but traitors!
That's rich! Stand up for Ohio instead of standing with party and then we might take your comments seriously.
Ohio unemployment is at 6%. Can we talk about supporting those who DO have jobs? Healthcare? Maternity Leave? #VoteNoAHCA
No vote on Gorsuch the seat belongs to Garland you have nothing else to say until you get that straight.
then vote for the people, not the money.  Vote NO on ACHA.
And he just voted to take away our privacy ( internet providers personal data )
so are you willing to work with Dems? Or does that mean they have to conform to your views? #justasking
The tax code is definitely broken. Billions of dollars go missing in corporate welfare and overseas tax havens.
Says the guy would voted for Devos
.@senrobportman Listen to your constituents. We do not want #AHCA. We want an independent investigation of Trump cohorts NOW! Protect #USA.
Then we need a different president. #ImpeachTrump
@SenSherrodBrown & #ReduceWealthGap no more wealthy tax breaks. #KeepAMT @OHDems @oh3voters
Spoken by a representative of the partisans. A representative of the party who puts party above all, even country.
need to get something done soon
, how will cutting taxes lower the debt?
AHCA is a job killer. CEO of Children's Hospital in Cincinnati told employees.
we also need health care and clean water and clean air and safety in the workplace
First and foremost we need to eliminate public unions.
We can't trust a word POTUS utters & need a sane truthful president. Ties to Russia must be INDEPENDENTLY investigated.
That's rich coming from you Robby.  Where was that attitude for the last 8 years when all you and the GOP did was divide?
Just curious. How long did it take to write this series of meaningless words?
Pot calling the kettle black, no?
You need an independent investigation into DT and Russia!!
smart regulatory policies are currently in place, rolling them back is terrible policy.
then stop @POTUS from being so divisive!  He's reversing decades of progress & you and you Rep friends are enabling!
we need u to speak up and call an independent investigation.
And you need to vote NO on #AHCA
Lets not put companies before people or our planet.
-proposed health care plan does not serve people with addictions and mental health issues.Don't let Trump bully you.Stand up
Like with DeVos, Rule 19, and Sessions...right?
Vote no on AHCA please
In spite of the millions you have accepted from insurance industry you need to vote no on proposed AHCA.
fix the ACA with partisanship Rob!
Has someone hijacked your account?  Hypocrite.  You are as partisan as they come.
Correct,  So are you going to vote against the TrumpRyan(don't)Care make the rich richer tax bill?
And yet you vote the party line, even when nominees are vastly unqualified or wrong for the job. Your hypocrisy is showing.
we need an independent investigation of Russian interference with our election. We need the #truth not partisaship. #Russia
Lead by example then! You toss out couple of small ideas and then vote w/ Trump on everything that matters.
then do your job and oppose the clown who has his hand up your back side.
show your opposition to partisanship by speaking out publicly and unequivocally against the Trump Whitehouse incompetence
where was the partisanship for the last 8 years?  You participated in stealing a SCOTUS seat!
we need an independent prosecutor to investigate #Trump and #Russia @SenJohnMcCain called for it and is a leader. Are you?
We need legislators and policy makers who can govern, not collude with Russia.
First we need to fix the lying/investigation. You're 2023, but still have to respond to current problems.
when are you going to stop voting the party line. Talk is cheap. Much like you.
The leader of your party is a fascist. Why?
