Some of us will be gathering at OSU to  #DefendDREAMers tomorrow during that time. Why don't you join Ohioans there @senrobportman?
Thank you! Some people are also gathering at his office in Cincinnati today to support Dreamers!  Hope he pays attention.
Your silence on #DACA is abhorrent
Tele-town hall means screen calls or will you answer all questions?
are you ever going to have an in person town hall? I'm assuming the answer is no.
Shame on you Senator
Already did one of these.What good does this do?You ask a pre-approved question then get cut off from any response you might want to make.
You were in Ohio all last month. Why didn't you have town halls then instead of touring factories?
We need an in-person town hall, Senator. It is almost impossible to get a question answered during the on-line town halls. Waste of time.
Yes, so right. Plus, won't answer why he supports Trump.  It's all a setup. He is a coward who won't face his constituents in NE Ohio.
Won't face them in NW Ohio either. He's a disgrace! #PhotoOpRob
Do one in person, or are you to afraid to actual see your constituents ?
I'll even rent the facility for it, pick the theater or arena in Ohio and I will make it happen
Bullshit.  Where were you the 5 weeks you were home. You get to control what is said and what you want to talk about.  This does not cut it.
...Also nothing about this tele-town hall. When I found this notice on Twitter it was already too late to sign up.

All that time gallivanting around Ohio last week posing for photo ops and THIS is what you give your constituents
It's not a town hall if a political power is selecting who gets a voice.
Meet with us in person without pre-screened questions.  You and your fellow republicans have much to answer for...might as well get started.
WE NEED A PUBLIC TOWN HALL @senrobportman. YOU NEED TO GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER AND DENOUNCE TRUMP & THIS RACIST ADMINISTRATION NOW!!!!
When is the in person town hall? #coward #liar #lastterm #gonein2022
Coward. We want a real townhall. What if about constituents not on twitter, notice to them?
I got my call at 6:38.  Only a half hour late!  Tell me again how much you like hearing from us.  Rigged townhall.
Thanks for the 18 hour notice! I went to your website this morning to see if you had a statement regarding the repeal of DACA. Nothing!...
Tele-town hall so your people can screen callers. Then you won't have to hear any ideas that you don't already agree with. Useless
Come to @wittenberg in Springfield. We've got some questions you need to answer.
That's nice, but when and where is your in-person, face-to-face town hall?
You know Senator some folks work for a living and barely in the door from wrk at 6:10, why such short notice of "tele"?
This #FakeTownHall is bullshit! He has all his loyal people calling in & asking questions! #Disgrace #PhotoOpRob
One caller to you compared democrats to an Al-Qaeda sleeper cell & you said nothing.   Do you agree w him? If not, why didn't you speak up?
PENCE PRESIDENT is BETTER for GOP.  No more Trump threats, bullying or spanking McConnell.
Thanks for hosting, but I hope to be at a #DACA rally near OSU at that time. I'm sure you'll be with us in spirit!
here's more info for anyone else who'd like to join: http://indivisiblecolumbus.com/2017/09/01/defenddaca-show-your-support-for-dreamers-and-immigrants/ … #DefendDACA #HereToStay
Your town hall is a bunch of bullshit! You lie. You're here for photo-ops! #PhotoOpRob #Disgrace #ThisIsntReal
In person preferred! Please and thank you! Do your job. 
You're a coward. Just like every single republican who bows down to 45! Shame on you!
Support legislation that preserves #DACA .@senrobportman 44273
https://youtu.be/APWXorE6h8U  Rob Portmans a big chicken. Everyone should greet and speak to him like this from now on.
Senator you work for Ohioans how about you talk to some of us in person? I am tired of politicians choosing which ?'s they'll answer.
This isn't a town hall. Scared, eh?
He confirms it on a daily basis: PRIMARY PORTMAN!!!  He's gutless, clueless, etc..What's the difference between Portman and Hillary? Isn't 1
Good for you.     @RepErikPaulsen doesn't let us sign up.  Or announce TownHalls.   Or meet with us w/in a reasonable time period.
More cowardice. This isn't the same as an in person town hall, where you actually get held accountable.
You were in-state for weeks. You should've held several in person. You were perfectly capable of meeting employees at companies you visited.
Please #DefendDREAMers by supporting #defendDACA ... make us proud as Ohioans
Is this the dystopian world you desire?
I've been on the line for these fake town halls. The questions you answer are clearly either pre-screened or flat out plants.
1,042.
I'm ready for you to 'evolve' on LGBTQ, workers, climate, equality, so many choices.
There is so much to discuss. How about you meet us in person?
I don't see a box for -constitutional crisis, -immigration, -WOMENS rights, -environment, -climate change, shall I go on?
Do we seriously have 5 1/2 more years of this??? This is getting OLD.
I'm prety certin that you do not want me to participate. Or anyone else with a eyes and a brain.  #youcorperatewhore
this is fine but can you also hold a real town hall Meet your constituents &hear their voices It's literally your job #ohio
I have to wash my hair.

Call me when you're actually going to meet with your constituents and answer their questions.
Back to DC to support #WhiteSupremacy & sexual assaulters! Afraid of your constituents. You're a sorry excuse of a person. #PhotoOpRob
Lets get #PhotoOpRob trending on here! The disgraceful worthless Senator that holds a #FakeTownHall as soon as he gets back to DC! #Disgrace
More than one day of advance warning would be very much appreciated. As would an in-person #TownHall (i.e an actual Town Hall) #OH14
Actually, the telephone town halls are useless. I want to see your face, Senator, when we ask you the tough questions that you tend to evade
Why in the hell wouldn't you have just held an actual town hall on recess? You're an absolute #disgrace for this #PhotoOpRob! #Disgrace
Take @ChuckGrassley's lead and host THs across your state! I'm a big supporter but it seems inevitable that tough ?s will be screened out
Um...are we time-traveling as well as talking to our Senator?
So it's probably cool to tell him to blow it out his ass.
I feel reasonably comfortable in saying that no one from his office actually monitors this account.
How about live town halls in Ohio?  With constituents instead of pre selected questioners?  This is NOT how we should be represented.
Did you answer asinine sports questions at your last tele-town hall?
Is a tele-town hall similar to a tele-tubby show?
Is this like the last tele-town hall where I signed up and never received a call bc there's not a R next to my voter registration?
#ChickenRob
A weak event from a weak senator. Can't face us??? #coward
So your screeners can control who gets to talk to you? I've done tele-town halls. They're a waste of time. You could have had a real one.
We need an in-person town hall, Senator. I just secured my telespot on May 15th. WTF?
This is such bull. You owe your constituents a real town hall. Stop hiding and face us.
Hi! (44048)
You seem to have a problem speaking face-to-face to large groups of people in a free public setting. Is it social anxiety?
Your sign up says the call is May.
Face your constituency and answer their concerns in person! Have some courage!
Ole spineless Rob was home for a month. Couldn't have a real town hall mtg. Too afraid of being yelled at! #spinelessrobportman
A tele town hall is no different than a radio interview. Not worth my time!
These handmaids who walked and sat at the OH Capitol want to speak with you face to face Senator.
Please discuss why you won't stand up to trump re DACA, transgender ban, arpaio pardon
He's been paid off!  Don't waste your time. Portman doesn't care  about anyone, but himself. Sound familiar?
Where is Social Security & Medicare don't dare lump under Healthcare. Too bad we can't ask questions
Publicly assure us you support DACA. 
Racism happening right now is inexcusable.
Like all @GOP Sen Portman forgot who sent him to Washington, and, for whom he works
You coward. No one is interested in your tele-town hall
I want to know where you stand on protecting the Dreamers, who came here as children, as innocent as yours or mine.
Seriously... a tele-town hall?  So weak!
Hold a real in person town hall. Your constituents deserve this
You traveled 1400 miles through Ohio last week. Tweets have been demanding a town hall and this is your solution.  Afraid to face the voter?
We would all come if you would just host an in person town hall. It is your job.
So y'all really had a mgt & someone said 'if we don't call it a conference call maybe they'll think it's a #TownHall' & someone said 'yes'?
Why not hold a live town hall, Senator? Do your donors have this much trouble getting you to answer their questions?
No guts to have a in person town hall Your wasting our time with tele town halls
DACA: are you yes or no?
Sorry, but you're gonna have to say (tweet) something about DACA at some point.
I bet your donors get to talk to you face to face
This is not a real town hall. Ohioans are not fooled.
Chicken Rob phoning it in. This is NOT what democracy looks like.
the sooner you're out, the better
Translation: I will host a pointless teleconf. call during which I will answer questions I have selected ahead of time to make me look good.

Soon to follow the @senrobportman tele-town hall, the town-hall-by-mail.
Disingenuous, cowardly, but consistent
Are your corporate backers all "from Ohio" too or is it cool for them to steer policy from wherever they please?
Your auto reply to the sign up needs updating. It says May. And agreeing w tax reform is not the same as supporting cuts for the rich
Why not do a live town hall instead? Talk with your constituents face to face
 I am a Republican and I have many questions.
Is this the litmus test?

Come on u coward meet with real voters  look us in the eyes. #fakefoxnews
You weren't elected to only stay in your comfort zone while the rest of us face good and bad every day. Man up & meet us in person!
Why isn't an in-person town hall an option?
Cowardly Rob Portman will hide behind a camera, doesn't want to be in the same room with the electorate. Shame!
This is not an effing town hall.
Plus, I signed up and it said to expect a call in May 2017?!?
Get your shit together, man.
#REALTownHallNOW
This. Is. Bull. 2022 can't get here soon enough. I will take great glee in voting this spineless trump apologist out of office
Why won't you face us in person? Why must you hide from your constituents? Are you ashamed of your record? Unsure if you can defend it?
Why not schedule a real one on one of your many vacations? #218daysoff
Pre-selected softball questions?
Not a town hall if you have to sign up. Not a town hall if you're not there.
Any Republican that votes for #DACA before #Obamacare REPEAL, #TaxRelief or #BuildTheWall needs to be VOTED OUT of Congress. Period.
Vote for what? DACA is an illegitimate Executive Action, not a law. Live by the pen, die by the pen.
#winning
