Hold the White House accountable for disinformation regarding Russian aggression. The president has issues w/truth.
Yeah, that's gonna happen.
very much apprecaired, Sir!
good sucker! Go on.
Stop embarrassing Ohio; stand up for your people, Portman #DumpDeVos
Yes, please do! Stat!!!
Are you crazy? You better stand up for innocent people killed by Ukrainian army in Donetsk!!!
How about getting Ukraine out of #Galicia, which it illegally occupied in 1941, before we help it?
Ukraine didn't do shit. The Soviet Union did. And before that, Stalin had millions of Ukrainians starve. ->
You are correct, Soviet Ukraine did that, under Khruschev.  But the Ukraine is still illegally there.
victims of ukrainian army of the terrorist shelling
Better check that with the President. He might put you on notice.
vote NO on DeVos. Please.
you Americans marching together with the Ukrainians
you know what would make us safer? Trump out of the Oval Office! #impeachTrumpnow
SO MANY disappointed constituents!! Perhaps your days of misrepresenting Ohio are finally numbered? #VoteHimOut #DumpDevos
Thank you!
If you can't think beyond your politics, think about Ohio's children. Devos = Disaster. Vote no, please.
YES.  Good.   #Ohio voters support this.
Good luck with that with Tillerson pushing his boys' oil deal through. If you cared about sanctions, why vote for him?
Ha,, Ha.  Who ate you kidding. You and the rest of the GOP plan on following Trump down the rabbit hole.  #spineless
Deflect and Distract. Good good.  You feel the Dark Side running through you. #forthepeople #resist
Rip away Russias facade of rebels in Ukraine, the path will then be clear.
how about you work with the people who put you in the Senate and vote no to @BetsyDeVos #saynotodevos
How about you stand up for our kids? Vote no on DeVos! #noDevos
@GeoffPyatt you sometimes will be a Donbas? You lier
no on devos. Stand up for our children.
not to Betsy DeVos!
Does that fact that DeVos family gave you $50k have anything to do w/your vote?
Are you kidding me? I can't articulate how disgusted I am, Sen. Isn't there a single honorable person left in DC?
vote no on DeVos!!
And vote NO on Betsy DeVos. #noDeVos #DoYourJob
Tell that to the President!
NO on DeVos. Is $50k really worth it?  (Answer: no)
Support investigation into #TrumpRussia
I will not be voting for you again if you confirm DeVoss.  You are not doing what WE OHIOANS have asked you to do!  Shame!
The Ukrainians thank you so much for your help
We are defending the world against PUTIN&RUSSIANmafia
WE DO NEED Lethal Weapon
please vote against #Devos #protect public education. Our children need someone more qualified.
. Please speak out against this crazy president. We Democrats will support.
How'bout you standing up for our children with a "no" vote on DeVos?
Haha #Russia again. Check the White House, Rob.  Russia moved in.
not that we shouldn't worry about the Ukraine, but how many kids do you think will be able to find it on a map w/ DeVos in?
you can't even stand up for kids in your own country. You've been bought Rob Portman. You are not your own man.
Putin screws Ukraine. Trump screws USA. DeVos screws education if you screw up. Vote No. #showsomeintegrity
stand against DeVos and vote no! Protect our kids
I'm grateful you are standing against Russia.
But please vote no on devos
riiiight. You've been so true to your principles to date. # sellout
Oh how bold of you, Sen Portman! That took a lot of courage.
is there still time for you to SAY NO TO DEVOS?
You might tell your president , Russia is trying to start another World War. While, he brags about his none bigly audience!
It would be GREAT if you stood up for the kids in OHIO!  Remember them?  NO to Devos!
and they should also stand up for our children instead of playing politics. But (cont) http://tl.gd/nne6v2 
why are you ignoring your constituents of both parties who want you to vote no on DeVos?
so disappointed you sold out Ohio's kids for $50k.  We'll remember this should you run for office again.
Stop letting Trump have his way. The GOP giving him all he wants is what Russia wants.
are you helping the Ukraine by lessening sanctions on Russia? #DumpDevos
fat chance with your leader compromise by Russian blackmail.
Why don't you stand for our children?  Can we start a go fund me page to buy your vote?
you should do your constituents a favor and answer your phone's when they ring. I've called multiytimes and get a busy signal
Too bad you won't stand up for kids in Ohio, your friendship with DeVos is stronger than your ties to your constituents
I thought they were best buds now...
a vote for DeVos means u cld care less about children's education & more about your own self interests.What's in it for you?
We had a 1 in $43,200 chance you would listen and stop DeVos. #Itsalwaysaboutmoney
hahaha! Wow that is truly funny.
Looks like the White House isn't cooperating. What are you going to do about this?
how about taking a moment to stand up for the children in your own state? Vote #nodevos #DumpDevos @OHDistrict2 @OHEducation
$51k in donations youve taken from DeVos family is why youre not standing up for Ohio children???NO DEVOS!!!#dirtypolititian
your (conservative) constituents are overwhelmingly saying NO DeVoss - will you heed what they are asking? Please reply!
will you stand up to Trump's lessening of financial sanctions against Russia?
Like Trump, Republicans "love the poorly educated." DeVos will assure the electorate remains ignorant and easily conned.
which we do by lifting sanctions, apparently? You gonna actually check some balances, or just talk?
Well hopefully you are ready to stand up to President Trump.
wait how is that going to work? Trump is besties with Russia!
@realDonaldTrump what are u going to do about Russia's aggression? Tough on Muslims..Mexicans.. nothing on this?
stand up for American children by voting NO on DeVos
02.02.17 occupied Donetsk. Russian invaders shut rocket's set "BM-21 Grad" to Avdiyivka
https://twitter.com/GarikLampa/status/827246817368821761 …
I dont think bieng buddies with Putin is in the best interest of America..but its obvious you dont care about whats best.
Thank you! Thank you very much!
finally, we hear from you!  YES! Trump's pro-Russia policy is bad for America.
. Why don't we work together and stand up for Ohio education?  #noDevos
What allies? @realDonaldTrump who you can't be bothered to stand up to (DeVos), has run them all off.
what about DeVos? How about standing up for education? Gotta be someone better that hasn't bought the position. AYE? Vote NO
#Whataboutism incoming!
F$%k...,too late.
, you mean like eliminating sanctions? It's only a matter of time.  The American people are watching.
we need you to stand up to DT and Steve Bannon. Put some reason back into play!!!
Ukrainians know the diff of "growth" and "proficiency".  Vote no to Devos.
are we going to have any allies?  The rate that DT and Steve Bannon are going, NO!

don't understand your tweets on Ukraine while you rubber stamp the day away for President Trump.
Vote no on DeVos! Stand up for your constituents!
please make sure all sanctions stay in place
Stand up for Ohio public education first! Oppose Betsy Devos as Sec of Education.
Thank you for taking this stand. (Also, please vote NO on DeVos).
I'm sure it's encouraged by Trump and his start at loosening sanctions.
Work to stand up for our children, sir. Vote NO on DeVos, please.
We must work together for our Children's Education! Vote NO on DeVos, sir! PLEASE!
You're voting against your constituents? I guess you decided it was safer to be the right hand of the devil. Coward.#noDevos
#sellout #50000 # cheapdate
This is exact same outrage we feel about #devos don't wait for @SenToomey get a back bone of your own.
such kind caring and loving people.
thank you for your strong position on Ukraine. My daughter-in-law is Ukrainian and all they want is the right to be free.
You should be one of the Republican NOs on Betsy DeVos.
Agreed!Now*Stand Up For Our Kids*Vote*NO*on*DeVos*Thats what you were*Hired For*She gave you money but we sign your*PayCheck*
Unable to get through to your office. Appreciate your position on Russian sanctions. Also urging you to vote no on HJ res 40.
Have Trump call up his sweetie Putin and tell him to knock it off.
Lots of issues for sure but as to Ukraine if they want weapons send them weapons. And lets have Pres Trump visit Ukraine asap
Do you have any idea about what's going on?  based on your comments, you're clueless.
please consider Ohio's children and vote no on DeVos!!!
Maybe the President and Putin could have a phone call... Oh wait. Hmm, maybe we should rehear that tape... Oh wait...
As an Ohioan, I expect you to protect Ohio's children & reject DeVos.  My son may suffer for your lack of conviction.
.@senrobportman and Trump needs to quit playing footsie with Putin
.@senrobportman How about speaking up loudly and clearly against today's lifting of #sanctions on #Russia even as they shell #Ukraine? #wth
my son is on a 504 plan!!  Please don't let him suffer!
everything about working together but you are voting YES on DeVos.  People across the country Do Not Want Her. What's it take
If you wanted to stand up to Russian aggression you shouldn't have voted to confirm someone w/ a Russian Order of Friendship
.@senrobportman ... But at home, I'm fine letting Ms. Devos destroy public education.

Can't wait to see you ignore us re: Sessions.
but you voted to confirm Tillerson who received the Russian version of the Medal of Honor. So you're full of shit.
No doubt YOUR president is working for Russia but Repubs would rather wear blinders to keep in power.
Distracting us with a ground war? Have we "always been at war with Eastasia"?
that means you have to stand up against the rogue executive @realDonaldTrump to prevent more calamity in Crimea
how about that vote for DeVos tomorrow. We still see you putting partisan politics above our kids. #Nov2022 #momsdontforget
https://twitter.com/thehill/status/827247748793630723 …  Trump is so utterly incompetent, please #ImpeachTrump before he destroys the US.
Trump approved raid in Yemen without sufficient intelligence: military officials http://hill.cm/So9RkXO  
and stand up for our children with a "No!"  vote on DeVos who owes OHIO 5.3 million... Enough to pay for 100 more teachers!
you care more about the Russians than our own kids education #iregretmyvoteforyou #youcanbebought
Coward. How about you stand up for kids in Ohio & vote NO on Betsy DeVos?
Riiiight.  I believe you're all going to stand for the Ukraine.
so disappointed you are voting for DeVos.  I guess the consequences from Trump & his gang was too much for you.
what, if its Ukrainian agression escalate ?
Idiot
Surely you speak from Mekeevka or Donetsk being so convinced about Russian escalation. Eyes wide shut
@Liveuamap So its time to take those sanctions to the congress, you can not let Trump further ease them.
might be a good thing to check with colleagues on Intelligence cmtee before signing on to any plan drawn up by WH
I am sure you will cave & do just whatever Trump wants you to or whatever DeVos pays you to do!
thank you for falling on the right side of this . I disagree with a lot of your recent opinions but this I agree with . Thank
you saw what the Treasury Department did today, right?
I want to know what you are doing about our mayor declaring Cincinnati a sanctuary city?? #NoSanctuaryCities #Cincinnati
deep concern. Or grave concern. Or both. Words,words, words. F-cking guarantors. F-ck the US.
Stand against Russian aggression? Didn't you vote for Rex Tillerson aka Putin's BFF
do you ignore all of your constituents, or just the ones you don't agree with?
I agree with you on this!
I'd love it if you could stand up for kids in Ohio and vote no on DeVos.
try impeaching Trump first. He's in cahoots with Putin and a first rate mental case.
the WH has shown who they sympathize with - we're awaiting the Congress. The EU is sleeping from everything
Unfortunately he was JUST re-elected, so we can't vote him out in '18. #ThanksOhio
Must fight to re-elect @SenSherrodBrown!
why is the WH easing sanctions? thats like giving in to the 3 yr old when they have a tantrum. its not a strong display
How about standing up for school children in your state?
You forgot to add "to the extent Putin permits"
UTTER DISAPPOINTMENT ABOUT DEVOS! #DumpDevos #devossucks #Portmansucks
Puppets, and you forget, the Globalist elite no longer run the show. Our friends are in Russia, just as is on @ISS_CASIS
How about standing up for our children and voting No on Betsy DeVos? Your constituents are speaking - are you listening?
Trump easing sanctions on Russia totally showed them not to mess with the Ukraine.  A very strong display of support.
you forgot to put the words "your man" before Trump. Portman is with POTUS (and Putin) 100%.
seriously? You think Trump didn’t know this was part of the deal? He won’t lift a tiny little finger.
Agree! What's the plan?
Exactly.
