My GF has Obamacare. She loves it. LEAVE IT ALONE.
Oh, and vote "no" on repealing the Affordable Care Act and don't even think of voting "yes" on that joke the Republicans have proposed.
Healthcare was the topic at breakfast, at work, the doctors office, with my 5 year old.  You wanna come to my house for a town hall?
DO NOT vote for this scam healthcare bill, that is absolute poison to Ohio! Governor Kasich has this right, and OUR best interests at heart.
you don't seem to appreciate or hear the endless number of constituents screaming on your feeds. Defeat, not delay.
Your governor should have never took the payoff for Medicaid. Wi gov Walker didn't
Stand strong angst this bill!  McConnell & Paul will vote agnst  health of their KY constituents, I count on you to do better for OH & USA!
GOP Senate so-called healthcare bill PUMMELS poor, working and middle class Ohioans, BUT REWARDS THE RICH. WHAT A DISGRACE.
I'm a constituent from Medina, OH.  My husband is a cop and I have Cystic Fibrosis.  ACA repeal & caps will kill me. Vote NO on repeal.
Keep the pressure on, Stacey. 26 yo w CF in NY (also in the social work fields). The LOUDER we are, the better. #ResistTogether
Kill Medicaid for deadbeats
Thank you, troll. Please leave now.
Dear Sir. Please put constituents before party. Vote No on McConnell's tax break for wealthy healthcare bill. Ur Cincinnati constituent.
No more Medicaid expansion! Support POTUS and get this done. Surely you're not a RINO??? MAGA!!
Most people cannot afford a 70% increase in premiums.
Do they know you're a decent ethical human being? Then I'm sure they know you will vote no on the bill-with medicaid expansion.
Stay a no vote.  Real Ohioans need healthcare, not tax cuts for Millionaires
Real Americans don't need a lifetime bill to pay for DEADBEATS!
will you be holding any in district public meetings before the expected vote on #BCRA after the holiday?
vote no on trumpcare
Healthcare solutions should be bipartisan All Americans need healthcare.McConnell secret plan for Trumpcare is about power not people
Stay no on Trumpcare stand for the people
How many jobs, especially in Cuy County, will be lost with ACA repeal Senator? Do you know? Do you care? We NEED a townhall!
Please work with your colleagues across the aisle, now. Don't fall for the president's latest ploy. Lives hang in the balance.
So where's the Townhall?
I would never vote for you in the past,  but I promise I will vote for you in 2018.

Please get it passed. It is difficult to take away free stuff from people, but in the long term it is what is best. Please!!!
Sir, visit nursing homes to see why we can't be miserly on Medicaid, Medicare or Social Security. Their stay depends on it.
McConnell is not your boss, we are. We can let you go.15% support for this bill. Pretty simple call & crystal clear message if you vote yes.
When will u decide to work on lowering the cost of health care rather than dicking around w the cost of healthcare insurance? I'm mean, duh!
Was this "meeting " open to the public? When will you be scheduling a town hall?
Thank you for showing strong leadership and  standing for ohio. Do not be bullied by mc connell. Show you care for voters needs.
The token changes like increasing opioid funding and HSA's don't make this stinker of a bill any better for millions of us. Vote no.
Require providers to give patients a total cost statement beforehand, like we get before having a car repaired or signing a mortgage.
MA tried that, still not compliant. We don't have, because we don't ask. Ask and you shall receive, especially re cash/ prompt pay discount.
Don't be the hold out on health care...Aren't u in Ohio? SO AM I 
Townhall?  LOOK OUT! Could be a set up for another @DNC assassination attempt.
You're FIRED! Saddling middle class America with lifetime bill to pay for deadbeats.  REPEAL & REPLACE
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket Vote  NO to #SwampCare!!  #UnitedForFreedom  Thank you!!
If you hold a true town hall I can share MY thoughts.
Vote No!!!!!
Hold town halls, listen to your constituents and vote NO!!!
Don't let @SenateMajLdr buy your vote with $$ for opioid addiction at the expense of everyone else. Stay firm, vote no on AHCA.
We need to keep Medicaide expansion to help opioid addicts.
Senator this bill should not pass. Healthcare costs go up, coverage goes down, the poor and old suffer and the rich get a tax cut. NO
When are U going 2 have one of these in NE Ohio? I would love to speak in person. Though I appreciate being able2 leave U a daily voicemail.
I Pray you will listen to all those who shared their health concerns with you at your coffee chats.
Get out in the lead to vote no, say what no one else will say, work w/Dems. For God's sake will someone please be the grown up in the room!
We the people's blood will be on your hands. #HEARTLESS
Vote NO on Friday!  A yes vote means your 
So called career as a politician will be over.  You will be responsible for people dying.
Totally organic folks.Just regular Ohioans. Doctors always wear white coats while in public. How do you know they are doctors then? #NoAHCA
Please consider how this will affect the residents at Sunshine community's. My son lives there can hardly sleep so worried
REPEAL..........completely
You helped draft this bill. How did you think it would benefit Ohioans, and why are you against it now?
Medicaid spending increases in Senate bill and does not decrease.
Lifetime max, higher premiums for preexisting conditions, cutting prenatal care, and slashing Medicaid is NOT better care. #VoteNoBCRA
VOTE NO
When is your town hall meeting during the July 4th break?  You need to listen to your constituents.
@senrobportman was this an open town hall where your constituents can voice their concerns or another public relations shot? #NoBCRA #NoACHA
Vote no on disguised tax cuts for millionaires. Fully find the ACA so that it can work, then work on repairing it.
When is your town hall senator???
Im a constituent in Columbus. Prove it to us, senator.
Obamacare RUINED our healthcare. High deductibles, no coverage for Preventative. Fix it now!!!
Thank you for standing up for Ohioans! Fix the #healthcare we have through bipartisan efforts! New bill just makes more problems.
Find a way to support the GOP plan & our President.
my input VOTE NO on this awful bill in the Senate. Ohioans need #healthcare not #trumpcare
Allow an open forum, not an invite only event, and we will trust that you actually value Ohioans input.
#TrumpCare = 98% ACA; Republicans to be blamed for BHO mess
Hippcratic Oath: 1st, do no harm
 #FullRepeal #NoReplace #UnitedForFreedom
Even Democrat's input? Are you sure?
Adding more funds for opioid  addiction therapy is NOT enough to vote yes. Don't fall for this. Meet with Dems to improve healthcare for all
Don't be bought off by @SenateMajLdr. You are elected 2 represent your constituency. Backroom horse trading only prolongs the mess we are in
Do not dismantle the ACA, work across the aisle to fix it. premiums, deductibles, services, people covered. Be a leader.
What say you, Senator Portman?
Work with the Dems or anyone else who wants to help real people.  Ignore the folks playing with their Ayn Rand dolls.  NO on Wealthcare!
Stay NO on Wealthcare, Senator!  Not enough lipstick in D.C. to dress up  this pig.  Need a bipartisan fix, not a tax break for the rich.

AARP strongly opposes the Senate health bill, says it will monitor each each Senator's vote and report it to their 38 million members. 
A lot of people here focusing on the tax portion, this bill allows lifetime maximums back. Think about that.
Just say no to #trumpcare . #KillTheBill
If you would like to be a real leader and represent Ohioans, band together with a true bi-partisan committed to fix ACA
Oh I don't think any of us really believe you want our input.  You just want us to think you do!  You wrote the bill!
#RepealAndReplace is why ur in majority! Get it done or get out!
Please hold actual town hall meetings during the recess & please don't give in to McConnell's attempts to rush through changes this week.
Now is the time for a bipartisan solution.
Thank you for coming out against the Senate draft bill, for Ohioans and with Gov. Kasich against it, this should be a bipartisan effort.
Work to amend the #ACA rather than striking a side deal on #Trumpcare. Meet with and listen to your constituents.
Gov. Is Trillions in Debt. I don't like Venezuela, I Love America! Repeal VA styled gov HC. It can't work
Our country is We The People not socialism. #FullRepeal
There is nothing socialistic about the ACA.  You clearly don't understand the law.
Vote 4 #FullRepeal Allow states to fix healthcare on their own. Fed gov't has no place in healthcare/insurance decisions
.@senrobportman #VoteNo on this disaster of a #Healthcare bill that will harm and not help Americans! #SaveOurCare
Don't believe for a second the Dems will hold your hand and compromise. Pass a Republican version. Be fearless.
Great Sen. Portman. Work at it.And remember, if you guys punt on this, Chuck Schumer takes control of it. If THAT doesn't scare you . . .
##REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
How many public town halls will you be holding during your tax payer funded recesses? #TrumpCareKills
DO YOU EVER MEET WITH ACTUAL CONSTITUENTS IN A NON-STERILE ENVIRONMENT?
It can happen to anyone. Don't take away ACA or Disability insurance please. I have a minor child to care for
The senate version of ObamaCare is not what we were promised. We support you in voting NO! Thank you! #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Without ACA I would or will be homeless. I worked for nearly 40 years before becoming disabled. Certainly never dreamed this would happen.
To bad for your President the main focus remains the media. He needs to grow up and do his job and finally focus on what is important.
Okay, now that's just not true. You only seem to value the opinions that match yours.
Now see, you could show you really appreciate input by having real town halls with your constituents IN Ohio. Until then, words mean nothing
I lost insurance 2009 due to ObamaCare. Still can't afford coverages. REPEAL OBAMACARE
It is a Tax cut for the rich and wealthy, you'll be disappointed 
No, the cuts are from wasteful spending. I could afford insurance before ObamaCare
Glad to know you'd rather have millions more people without insurance rather than urging senators to fix the ACA
Anyone with a moniker of justice for Seth has to be a troll.
And he is obviously a liar, Obama wasn't president in 2008.
As I said, in 2009, Actually it was in Dec 2009 Obama was President. Worst we've ever had.
Thank you. I'm glad you appreciate the input of ur constituents. But will u vote in the best interest of Ohioans? Not regarding tax benefits
Repeal ObamaCare
My input: Quit trying to sabotage ObamaCare and instead work with the Democrats to fix its shortcomings.
Vote NO, reach out at all senators to tweak the healthcare,  at least you all can agree to that.
What exactly what discussed regarding #healthcare? Care to share those details?
"Always appreciate your input" says the senator whose last Town Hall was two years & eight months ago.
Looks like you met with some physicians? What did they have to say about the Senate's wealthcare bill?
How about a town hall with your constituents? Would you also like to hear what we have to say on #healthcare? #KeepACA #NoBCRA
I agree with the comments here about holding a townhall meeting in Cleveland. Please do so.
Glad to see you came out against the immoral Trumpcare bill
How about adding a public option if there are not enough private insurers in the pool?  The private insurers can still participate in ACA.
Not to mention it will drive competition to the current insurers, hence potentially reducing costs.
Vote NO on Wealthcare!
'Retain misguided views.' Love it!
Single pay healthcare - it's a right not a privilege for only those that can afford it - #UniversalHealthCare
so we can assume lots of town halls over the holiday recess?
So you discussed the WEALTHcare bill? Don't insult our intelligence.
Protect the people- repair #ACA #SaveMedicaid
Please vote no
Stop fear mongering and get to work
So you'll be doing what over 80% of Americans want and voting no?
We are so glad .@Clovernook could attend! #NIBAdvocacy
When are we going to see you in Cleveland??? LOTS to talk about!
Do you appreciate it enough to schedule a townhall?  Asking for Ohio....
How about town halls in Ohio?
NO YOU DON'T. You vote party 99% of the time.
Just because he ignores our input doesn't mean he doesn't appreciate it. He just thinks it's worthless.
Show courage and #VoteNoBCRA. A partisan bill with no bipartisan support is undemocratic. #OhioisWatching
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Not just Trump but also a republican congress who keeps threatening repeal.
