But you will take away their health care because #GOP needs to make $ for 1% 
The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states issued this negative statement about G-C. Devastating to kids, seniors, the disabled.
Leave it to the President to help small businesses, workers and America thrive. We need to drain the swamp, Senator
Workers cannot thrive without affordable healthcare #SupportACA
Your colleagues want to rip healthcare from Ohioans will you VOTE NO to protect them or vote yes to appease the GOP gods?
How will those #smallbusiness owners get good employees when you gut healthcare for #Ohio?
Tiffin has given out so many tax breaks to businesses that now they have put an income tax increase on the ballot. Just shifting the burden
Vote No on Grahm-Cassidy! Small businesses need healthy employees with affordable healthcare.
Hope none of them have any pre-existing conditions.
He's a twerp
Ending ACA will NOT help them. Vote "no" on Graham-Cassidy.
Do these small businesses offer health ins. to employees or do they have to get #ACA   Vote No Cassidy-Graham.

Vote against graham Graham-Cassidy if you want to help Ohioans.  We won’t pay you for your vote, but at least you will have done your duty
#CowardlyPortman
Too bad many of them will get sick or injured and lose their businesses.
You know what would really help small business? Single-payer healthcare that would take away the burden on employers providing coverage.
That's great. Now vote NO on horrible Graham Cassidy bill in order to protect healthcare for Ohioans!
And the workers, will they thrive?
How about working for Ohioans and not your donors.  If our health insurance goes so should you
What are you going to do to help their healthcare needs? Vote NO!
Then VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy!  That will be a great start.
How about working to NOT ignore your constituents for once? Doesn’t really seem to be your bag. NO on Graham-Cassidy!
It will be difficult to "grow and thrive" without affordable healthcare.  Vote NO ON #CassidyGraham
You know the proposed tax reform will destroy small business who won't be able to compete with the $-saving big corps, right?!?
Hey Rob's social media lackey: just use the  emojis and we'll think your boss's disregard for constituents is adorns.
I meant adorbs of course. I'm not a professional tone deaf tweeter like you.
Nice to see people can at least reach you via Twitter, since your office is just taking zip codes and hanging up. Check yer messages d-bag!
John McCain has once again put country before party. Could we get our senator to do the same on current abomination of a health bill? #Ohio

How will they thrive if they can't get access to high quality affordable healthcare?
You should continue FIGHTING W COLLEAGUES IN CONGRESS TO SAVE HEALTHCARE &HELP OHIO(&US) workers fend off BANKRUPTCY DUE TO ILLNESS!VOTE NO!
#PhotoOpRob will pander anybody & everybody! What a #disgrace to your constituents you are! When is the town hall????????????????????
Alaska is getting a deal on this health care bill.Why aren't you   negotiating with Graham?Never mind you'd probably give them back   money!

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
Senator, is this true? Please protect healthcare for all.  #GrahamCassidy #IAmAPreExistingCondition https://twitter.com/alt_spicerlies/status/911015204711956480 …
If this is true VOTE NO #GrahamCassidyBill
Healthy employees will help #smallbusiness grow in #Ohio. Healthy employees buy from SmBiz. Vote NO on abomination called #GrahamCassidy

It cuts a net $20 BILLION from Ohio. For every $1 OH spends on Medicaid on average, 63¢ comes from federal $ that #GrahamCassidy would cut.
What about #Ohio's #smallbusiness owners and #healthcare? They can't grow & thrive w/out affordable access. #FixACA #NOGrahamCassidy
Healthcare! Healthcare! Talk to us about healthcare!
But will they be able to afford health care????  Is it party before Ohio ???
Vote "no" on #GrahamCassidy. That will help #Ohio's #smallbusiness  owners and workers. They need reliable, affordable bipartisan healthcare
Very nice platitude. It's obvious our Congress has only big business and market interest. Our landscapes are littered with proof.
By taking away affordable insurance with pre-existing conditions and installing lifetime caps on health care? Vote no on Graham/Cassidy.
How about you concentrate on voting NO on Graham Cassidy?  That is the most important thing you could do for Ohio, period.
How about the rest of us?

Will u SENTENCE AMERICANS TO DEATH OR BANKRUPTCY by voting yes on Graham-Cassidy?

Gov Kasich says 'no,' but what the hell would he know?
Here is a man who has sold all his votes to the Koch brothers the man who will decide who lives and who doesn't
HELP US BY MAKING SURE WE HAVE AFFORDABLE HEALTH CARE! PLEASE!!
Help their employees who stand to lose their healthcare. Vote no on #Trumpcare no on #GrahamCassidy
Will you be working with your colleagues, on both sides, to improve healthcare? Not take it away from millions?
And continue ignoring your constituents pleas to save their healthcare and instead focus on tax cuts for the rich? Is that your MAGA plan?
But will they have health insurance? Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Tell us who your biggest donors are so we can call them and talk to Ohio’s real junior senator. Maybe they care about cancer patients.
Here you go
Source: https://www.opensecrets.org/search?q=Portman …
Could you try working with your constituents?

We need you to COMMIT TO VOTE NO on #GrahamCassidy.

We need you to have a #REALTownHallNOW.
No you won't. You'll continue to work to preserve your own power at the expense of every working family in Ohio.
WHY DON'T YOU TRY WORKING WITH OHIO AND ITS CITIZENS HOLD A TOWN HALL YOU'RE SCREWING IS ON HEALTHCARE
