your judgement on "qualified" will be forever questioned after you voted for DeVos
A thousand times yes and amen.
You just described MERRICK GARLAND. #NOtoStolenSCOTUSseat
Remember when Sen Hatch was singing Merrick Garland's praises just B4 you guys refused him a hearing? https://thinkprogress.org/amp/p/1d2dbac7765e …
You really don't value the needs of we Ohioans, do you?  What does "mainstream" mean? Workers aren't mainstream? Women?
You keep saying it.  Repeating it doesn't make it true.
to bad yr party soiled the appointment by refusing  to even hear Garland. Shame to u and yr party of NO
No appointments in the last year of a president's term, right?
There is evidence that the Trump administration is corrupt, to bully Gorsuch through confirmation is a grotesque move.
not until independent investigation into Trump Russia ties #CountryOverParty
yeah....you thought Betsy was qualified too. You dont fet to speak about qualifications any more.
Merrick Garland was a smart, decent, well qualified mainstream candidate. #STOLEN
His over-simplified view of the constitution would be a hinderance to our highest court.
The same could be said for Judge Garland but you wouldn't give him a hearing. Explain. #doyourjob #FilibusterGorsuch
again, I do not believe you.  You have shown yourself to easily swayed by the almighty dollar for a vote.
Let's assume that for some reason Pres. Obama had nominated Gorsuch. Would you have supported a hearing and vote?
If yes no nomination  in election year was lie. If no then it's not about qualifications but about who made nomination.
@RonClandon @senrobportman another question is would he support Garland if Trump nominated him?
No.  Not a chance.  His voting record as a Senator illustrates that.
I wouldn't call him mainstream.
Yeah, so was Garland. What's your excuse on that?
This would be the same  who said POTUS 44 had no right to pick a new Justice more than 1yr ago, and refused to meet 44's pic.
so was Merrick Garland but for some reason he was unacceptable to you. 
So was Merrick Garland.
Thank you .@POTUS, #NealGorsuch is an awesome appointment,  .@senrobportman, we're hoping @SenSherrodBrown removes the partisan blinders.
so was Garland
Mainstream? He is pro-business, anti-worker's rights, anti-civil rights, anti-women's rights and anti-special needs.
you don't know what smart, decent, well qualified looks like. You are a party puppet who can be bought and nothing more
I disagree and want my senators from Ohio to vote no on his confirmation @SenSherrodBrown
Very simply @senrobportman, no vote on Trump SCOTUS pick until he is cleared of Russia allegations.
#Gorsuchfilibuster #GarlandNotGorsuch
so was Garland. What's your excuse there?
That's what I think about Garland.  And Obama wasn't under investigation for collusion with an enemy of democracy!
He's a mainstream racist and sexist playing into the pockets of corporations. From OH 12, 43081: #NoGorsuch
No, not mainstream.
You misspelled Merrick Garland.
. @senrobportman @CNN NO SCOTUS approval until #Trumprussia is FULLY investigated and Russia ties to @POTUS and Trump family identified! Duh
Hmmm. Wonder how much $$$$$$$$$$$$$ he has "donated" to your campaign.
Merrick Garland
no. We need an independent investigation of Russian interference in US election.
His name isn't Merrick Garland so who gives a sh*t. Plus he's as vile and extreme as possible.
NO!  I don't care how qualified he is. NO to any confirmations while Trump is under investigation.
and you are none of those things and you work for us. We don't support him. Merrick Garland deserves a hearing. 44106
this is a lifetime appointment. We have a right to have this happen when we aren't in the middle of Russia nonsense.
What is the rush? There is a lot being investigated right now. You wouldn't allow Garland even a hearing.
So was Merrick Garland.
No, he is conservative and that is not mainstream.
Doesn't matter, it's Garland's seat.
boooooooooo!  Shame on you.  #blockgorsuch
he's pro big business and anti human rights.
what about Garland.  You wouldn't give him the time of day.  Do not confirm.
Are you joking?
Portman is only here for corporate interest when he votes. But panders to us to get voted in.
This is how much it cost you to buy a vote on someone's internet privacy. Can't wait to see what kind of porn u ggl
I object to you not nominating and voting on Garland last year.
This is a paid tweet from the Senator!
.@senrobportman You misspelled 'Garland.'

Smart people (as well as the majority of Americans) don't support the Citizens United decision #Gorsucks #PeopleFirst
All brakes on,until the investigations are complete!! Illegitimate @potus Corrupt admin. Corrupt cabinet picks. #Trumprussia
Are you KIDDING!? Such hypocrisy from you and @senategop and @HouseGOP !  Explain that $10M in his pocket!  #stolenseat
Gorsuch ruling unanimously struck down by the Supreme Court last week. Try again.
Except if you have a child with autism - like I do!  That decision by him overturned 8-0 by SCOTUS, while he was testifying!
so was garland. Why did you block a legitimate nomination?
Tell that to Senator Brown.
So is Merrick Garland!!
Gorsuch is slime. He's another trump lover that won't stand 4 anything right. You that crooked that U R playing trumps game
NO CONFIRMATION UNTIL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. THIS IS NOT A JOKE. WHY WON'T YOU TALK ABT RUSSIATRUMP??? ARE YOU INVOLVED?
no. Mainstream candidates protect the vulnerable not side with corporate interest and degrade our protections. #weobject
.@senrobportman Mainstream? Ummmm...nope. WRONG!
W/out a #REALTownHallNOW,  you are not qualified to be our senator. #whereareyou #stophiding #bealeader #cantleadandhide
Merrick Garland was not smart? Was not mainstream? Was not decent? Was not qualified? BULLSHIT!! All that mattered was party!
That's it, you're history.  When your time is up you're gone. We will do our best to make sure you are not voted back in
every time you tweet this nonsense, I'm going to correct you. He is not good for us!
Public trust in democratic institutions breaks when 1 Party is allowed to steal a SCOTUS seat favored by dark money entities.
sounds like another judge
he's a bigot
Why so hot to confirm Gorsuch after you sat on Garland for a year?
5 mill cut from infrastructure to pay for a wall #youownthis #yourlegacywillbetrump #parrotthepartyline #coward
He may be, but he is supposed to interpret the law, not add his bias. #Findabettercandidate #doyourjobrob
You're talking about Judge Garland, right? What was your position on that qualified judge?
so was Garland & you never even gave him a hearing. Sucks when your nominee is getting blocked, huh? #SCOTUS #NoGorsuch
If that's your judgement, then you must be up for a Darwin of the year award.
No Merrick No Gorsuch!
.@senrobportman so was Garland. #StolenSeat
this is a joke right?
Why are you not talking about how and why cutting cleaning our rivers is a good idea ?
Yes please!
Judge Gorsuch is a partisan right wing tool for the Trump administration.  He will not be confirmed to SCOTUS.
