I guess you will vote for the confirmation of Rep. Tom Marino as DEA Chief, because you are brain dead
I see you all laughing in the picture thinking about how you going to screw the middle class. #NotOnePenny
Why are there no women in that room?
Were you meeting at a fucking monastery?
Perhaps its a Catholic Seminary School?
Are you like @VP no ladies unless Mommy is there?
Getting rid of the estate tax will not create jobs.
Are you talking to normal everyday people too? If not, you’re kinda doing this wrong...again.
But you don't enjoy hearing from your constituents who are against this tax reform.
But you want no input from your constituents in general. 
Yep the photos look like work to me Lol, outsource some more Deplorable jobs
Wow, you found time to meet with corporate donors but you're too busy to meet your constituents. You really don't represent average Ohioans
Continue your work - at screwing the people - you have no balls you can't stand up for what is right - all you want to do is suck on trump
Are these the same business leaders that demand tax abatements or else they'll move their business somewhere else? Yes. Yes they are.
How many times have they been given those abatements with a promise to create jobs, but the jobs never come? Most of them.
Keep peddling lies and I’ll keep reminding you that Trickle Down economics is a proven sham and has no effect on job creation. #kansas
No town halls yet, but you’ll pop into any board room as long as someone cut your campaign a check.
The cuts to Medicare and Medicaid that are part of "reform" will be devastating to many Americans. Is a tax cut for the Kochs worth that?
Those cuts will also be devastating to victims of opioid crisis, about which Sen. Portman claims to care.
Tax cuts for corporations who will soon invest in robotics that work 24/7 and 365?
U have a moral obligation 2 listen to ALL Am's affected by tax reform. 9M overseas left out of dialogue, WHY? 
Contact: @kredmond_global
The GOP propaganda machine is running at full speed on this latest lie. Their version of tax reform only benefits the wealthy. #dumpthegop
Copy and pasted that "tax code reform tax relief for middle-class families" from your masters in the White House, eh?
Vote no on tax reform
Portman, you are corrupt and cowardly.
Do these folks want to destroy the Wayne national forest so the Koch's can make a few extra pennies?
You pay someone to manage your twitter.  You never address anything we care about, it's just more deflection and focus on Koch needs.
Why don't u hold a town hall so you can hear input from constituents? Do you  appreciate the responses to your tweets are all negative??
Biggest expansion in the US economy happened at a time when corporate taxes were through the roof! Quit lieing to your constituents!
http://www.springfieldnewssun.com/business/economy/ohio-lags-women-owned-businesses/Tuxm5FxmC6Jb6joRzEcRDO/ …  doesn't look as if much has changes since 2015
Do you appreciate the input from your voters? 
Until you actually show that you have a heart for the common purpose, just stop wasting our time and money.  You haven't earned our respect.
What about the input you are getting from your other constituents?  I hope you are listening to us, too.
Another room of white men making decisions.....
Could you please explain again how someone who makes 150k / year is middle class?
Your #TaxReform won’t create #jobs. Stop lying.
Please reject nomination of Rep. Marino, whose bill gutted DEA enforcement of drug laws.
P.S. Please tell your bots that there is not one - NOT ONE - positive comment tweeted here in response to your tweet !
@GOP complicit treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying #NoConfirmations #nullify2016
Funny how this group is all white males?  Are there no women or minority biz leaders?
1,084 days since your last public, in-person town hall in Ohio. Where you got input from a diverse group of citizens.

So since your buddy Trump claims Obama care is dead & you let it happen, what great beautiful healthcare do you have to replace it?

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
Hold a public town hall. Ordinary Americans would appreciate you listen to them as much as you listen to donors. #TaxReform #SaveACA
They need more money in their bank accounts? So do I ,why didn't you work hard like this on healthcare?
Reauthorizing DACA, and CHIP should be priorities.  Also, how about sending more troops to help in PR and the Virgin Islands? #Emergencies
Too bad you don't appreciate input from those lowly American workers who will be funding those tax cuts......you Charlatan.
Stop trying to make Ohioans thinks this tax will benefit anyone but the rich. We are not as dumb as you think we are.
Where are the women??? Not a very diverse group
I bet they were happy! Cut corporate taxes and raise taxes on middle class.
You mean tax cuts. Call it what it is. It's tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy. Meanwhile, Puerto Rico needs electricity & water.
Biz leaders' input on taxes hasn't helped in the past, why not meet w/ real #Ohioans instead of pushing another #KochTaxCut
Listening to big business ahead of private citizens, again. We the People, Senator, are who you should be working for.
Anyone who can write a big check, right?
Make sure the middle class gets a sizable tax break
You are all about making business leaders happy........the rest of us you could care less about
And that's why we, the white men in suits, deserve even more of our employees money.
You're out of touch, Senator.  -44870
I keep on hoping you actually care at least a little for the American people. Friends tell me I'm silly; it's all $ for #Republicans.
Lots of diversity in that photo, sir.
If you want to hear what your constituents think about your phony tax reform, hold a town hall. Or maybe read your emails, faxes, etc.
You do love the rich, white 1%. Those are the only people you plan to benefit with your give-away while you saddle us all with $1T in debt
Constituent 44074 Where in the tax reform does it require businesses to spend tax cuts on job creation and wage increases?
I'd like to read you appreciate hearing the input from your constituents across Ohio. Work for US , Rob, and hold a real TownHall. NOW
Obviously Rob Portman is scared to hold a Town Hall meeting.  Or maybe it's true he just doesn't give a damn!
Well, just stop it!  We in #Ohio don’t want tax cuts for the 1%. We want clean air, water and renewable energy jobs.
look at all those middle class people
Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies. Lies.
So what’s changed since you voted against S. 2569, the Bring Jobs Home Act two year’s ago?
Now that's diversity!
How did you vote on the bill limiting the DEAs ability to control opioids since you tweet about the crisis daily.
Until you get voted out next year.  What a shame.  We had such high hopes for you.
He's not up until 2022, unfortunately
We know why you want this tax cut. You are a Koch brothers toady just like Pence.
GOP attacks, lies, & failures have not made healthcare better, created no jobs, didn't help. Trumpism = lying, bullying.
Oh wow, business leaders said they wanted a tax cut? Next you’ll be telling me Puerto Ricans want electricity and clean water.
You tell them about the law youre trying to pass that makes peaceful protest of boycott a FEDERAL crime in America  ? #BDS
Do the current tax reform proposals balance the budget? NO.

Do they increase the deficit? YES. 

#TaxReform 
#BackToTheDrawingBoard
