Your role is to protect us from Russia. From Sessions. From DeVos. Time to start leading Senator. What are you doing? 
-Akron
For Security. of Education and DOJ? Someone qualified and prepared for the job in education. Someone that isn't so racist for DOJ
That will just make education even more uneven than it is now. 50 states=50 different priorities. She didn't bother to prepare
I didn't say unfair. I said uneven. School should prepare students for the world. Not one states priorities
education is the forefront of civil rights, and DeVos will dismantle it. Put your vote where your tweet is!
she stands for unregulated, unchecked, for profit charters-which in Ohio has proved to be destructive. In favor of accountability
not when they fake their numbers and continue to suck funds from public schools. Exactly what happened here in Ohio w no monitor
No. I am saying unregulated schools do not lead to quality schools.
.@senrobportman Education is so important in promoting civil rights and equality. Please protect public education by voting #NotoDeVos.
Nope. Supporting public ed means supporting educ for everyone. All kids should have same opportunity. Free market doesn't do that
Charter schools can be done well or done badly. They need to have same accountability as other publics & not drain resources.
But if schools are supported in the first place, they're less likely to "suck." Also, choice is a privilege. Not everyone has it.
What about the civil rights of Native Americans that are being violated by ETP, who you support? GOV Treaties also violated.
nothing to do but work against you here in Ohio 44265
If this is your positions then vote NO on DeVos and Sessions!!!
Betsy DeVos has illustrated throughout her confirmation hearings she is not qualified.
her lack of understanding of the laws, the gun and grizzly bear comment, her lack of understanding between growth and proficiency
so vote NO on Betsy DeVos. She's horribly unfit to lead education is this great country!
Education plays a huge part in leveling the playing field. Please vote NO on #Devos to support public schools.
.@senrobportman And now we have even further to go. Betsy DeVos is a dangerous choice for Education and the Office of Civil Rights.
Equality in education would help that!! You can help by voting no on Devos
so true...there are many ways you can curb the systemic oppression of black Ohioans. Vote down DeVos/Sessions to start.
VOTE " NO" on DEVOS.
what a bunch of lip service today you voted to silence Sen Warren reading Mrs Kings letter/  do you have no shame?
and part of that equality is equal education for all kids. No to Devos.
grow a  spine, Robert. No on DeVos!!
And YOUR ROLE is to stand up and SAY NO to these cabinet nominees who stand in the way (DeVos! Sessions!)
And your role is to VOTE NO ON BETSY DEVOS! My kids can't vote but I can, and I'll remember how you act. #DumpDevos
What is your role? Standing up for that cornerstone, public education, or leaving it in unfit hands? #NoOnDeVos
a good education helps level the playing field.  Your role: Support public education and vote No on DeVos.
I hope you also care about the neighborhood schools.  Please vote NO on DeVos.
we definitely do, so why would you put in Betsy Devos who thinks gays can be cured through shock therapy? #devosBoughtRob
Can we assume by this tweet that you intend to vote against J. Beauregard Sessions and Betsy DeVos?
a big civil right is a solid Education Secretary. Vote No to Devos.
ensuring we all have access to strong public education is one way to improve equality. Vote for kids, not inept billionaires.
.@senrobportman The fight for equality begins with high quality public schools. Pleas abstain or vote no on @BetsyDeVos Thank you.

Then you MUST vote NO on Sessions. You know this. Don't let the GOP bully (or buy) you. Stand up for the people (not party)!
P.S. I am a registered Ohio voter.
then why support DeVos does not make sense
NO EQUALITY WITH BETSY DEVOS!!! Why do you have no tweets about that?
VOTE AGAINST DEVOSS THEN!!!
vote no on DeVos
Then I can count on you to vote "no" on anything Trump puts before you. Including DeVos.
the last two weeks has been the most important lesson in my life of the importance of civil rights to all of us
Maybe you should have started by opposing vote suppressor Sessions.  You rhetoric does not match you voting.
I agree! I truly hope you mean this and help us move forward, not backward. Vote no for Sessions. Thank you.
which would mean voting against some of Trump’s picks. #lipservice
.@senrobportman You just voted to make sure a letter by MLK's widow couldn't be heard on the Senate floor. Don't pretend you care about #BHM
Great words @senrobportman. #Muslims matter too. #NoBanNoWall.  They're both racist.
yet, you will vote yes on #devos  who advocates conversion therapy for your gay son
Vote No on Betsy DeVos
No on Sessions, No on DeVos , No on Price, No on Gorsuch!!! Do this and we'll know you mean it- Cleveland
looking forward to you putting your votes where your tweets are! Must protect voting rights!
yes, and your role is to rep voters from Ohio and vote no on Sessions and no on DeVos
What's your role, sir? I live in one of the most segregated cities in America--in OH. PUBLIC SCHOOL is the way out. #devos
Those are empty words unless YOU actually work to make that happen. America is watching. #VoteNOonSessions #VoteFUCKNOonDeVos
Will children in Betsy DeVos' charter schools learn about civil rights & equality? In your heart you know the answer to that.
how about fighting for public schools #DumpDevos #NotoDeVos
Yes there is more to do! #equalityforall #women #lgbtq #marriageequality #blacklivesmatter #ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat
if you care about civil rights, the only responsible thing is to vote NO on Sessions. Your votes speak louder than tweets!
vote no on DeVos
you sir are a reason to be ashamed to live in ohio
yes! Thank you! Remember this when you vote on DeVos. Please vote NO ensuring ALL of our kids have quality public education
And public education plays a big role in that. Take a stand for democracy. #opposedevos
You can fool some of the people some of the time... but most of us aren't buying his bologna. @mmeblannin @senrobportman
Something for a guy who follows Breitbart News
Also vote no on Jeff Sessions.
Start by cleaning up the White House especially Steve Bannon
we have more to do? You can vote no on devos to start
all this feel good blah blah isn't taking out mind off the prize: vote no on devos.  We are watching
More work includes valuing public schools. No on DeVos.
Yeah so get that #MuslimBan outta here.
We must act to repeal sec. 505 of USA PATRIOT act. End use of NSLs to search and seize personal data of citizens. #privacy
Listen to Ohio-No to DeVos #ivote
.@senrobportman Your role should be resisting the white supremacists in the White House.
Go ahead, just give it a try.
Would to go so far as to say, for instance, black lives matter?
I voted for you twice.. if DEVOS wins I will heavily GRASSROOT against you from here ON OUT!
I'll be with @jfarmiloe in my county. My fundraising plans for your opponent grow every time u ignore Ohioans.
.@senrobportman In this fight, NO to Sessions, No to Devos, NO to Puzder, No to Bannon
So I'll take that as a no on DeVos and Sessions? That's your part to take for civil rights.
you're a joke Senator! Sell out! #NotoDeVos
now follow your words with action in the senate.  Show us.
Vote no on Sessions!
Ohio is already a charter school disaster...I am a teacher and constituent in Dayton.
really? You want to stand up for civil rights while appointing a DeVos, who thinks education is optional for special ed?
If you believe that's true, you cannot vote for Betsy DeVos for the Sec of ED. Education is an Equalizer!
as so many have said, please vote no for Betsy DeVos!
vote no on devos, hypocrite.
YOU have an important role to play!  Let's chat about education equality!  tried calling & writing many times!  #noDevos
does the more to do include answering your Ohio office phones?
you can pay lip service to the marginalized in our society but you and your comrades in the senate continue to oppress them.
#RepublicanHypocrisy 

#EliteTakeover  #RepublicanCOUP 

#EnemyOfDemocracy 

#Collaborator 

#GOPtraitors
Here's a long List of the Information Trump Has Promised to reveal but hasn't 
Put your money where your mouth is Sen. Portman. #NoOnSessions #NoOnDeVos
Your role = See and seize the opportunity to effect real change/progress. #NOSessions #NODeVos #YEScriminaljusticereform
like I don't know ... end gerrymandering so we can all be fairly represented #powergrab
education is of epic importance to progress of equality. Vote FOR our public school and our children !!!!NO DEVOS!!!!!
that is why you should oppose the President's agenda with all that you've got!
please vote NO to Devos!!!
you want to take away my legal right to end a pregnancy,ban a religion and dismantle EPA and you talk civil rights? #noDevos
Yes! Help protect our civil right by voting No for Sessions.
Listen to your voters! Vote #NoOnDeVos  and #NoOnSessions !
How are YOU advancing civil rights and equality in this country, Senator? By ruining public schools? #DumpDevos
vote #noDevos and #noSessions we HAVE come so far. We cannot undo now 45209
nice words but actions speak louder - protect public education, voting rights, healthcare. So far you are just words.
I'm glad to hear that and assume that can only mean a resounding NO vote on Sessions.
again,it doesn't matter how much you tweet him. Trump and DeVos have them in their pocket $$and that is where his priorities
Your NO votes on DeVos, Sessions & Pruitt will help the fight for civil rights & equality.
Say No to Sessions, DeVos and keep voter rights in order!  Get Bannon out of the Whitehouse!
Your role is to protect public education from unqualified nominees! Ohio will remember. #DumpDevos
EDUCATION is vital. Are you a Trump /Bannon puppet? How was Florida? When are you in Ohio? We want to meet with you !
Sounding mire like a Dem every tweet.
In glad you believe this. Put that into action by working against Trump's appointees, most of whom work against equality.
you have the power to represent us.  No on sessions, no on Devos, stand up to trumps agenda, yes on refugees
Don't forget that DISABILITY RIGHTS are civil rights. Vote NO on #DeVos
Yes we do. We're watching your votes on the nominees who will be at the heart of protecting those civil rights! No Sessions!
Right now while we are all still free.
You have a role to play as well. Keep DeVos away from our schools!   -Cincinnati
Clearly then you'll not confirm Sessions(whose federal judgeship MLK's widow fought)&risk "irreparably damaging" his work
I'll expect you to vote no on Sessions & call for investigation on Russia's interference in the election. #CountryOverParty
show your support for civil rights and vote NO on DeVos and Sessions
you are losing me, man....don't forget the forgotten....they pay your salary
watch out for Steve Bannon. Take a stand before we get too far down the hole.
your actions speak WAY louder than your words.
or maybe that should be your lack of action.
.@senrobportman Yes for #CivilRights means #noDevos #noSessions Get on board & listen to #Ohio #constituents. Don't insult #BlackHistory!
Voting to confirm Sessions during #BHM may just be the ultimate political face-palm.
You can start from the top down. It'll be a good project for u, and don't worry, nobody will tell Mitch @SenateMajLdr
Then NO to #Devos who will undo policy to ensure children with disabilities receive equitable and inclusive education!
We are counting on you do do your duty to your constituents and preserve civil rights with NO on DeVos.
Hopefully our children will still learn these lessons after DeVos destroys public education. Vote no.
So will you vote against more corrupt, racist billionaires in our government? Will you protect our civil rights? Let's see...
Voting "no" on Betsy DeVos will go a long way in that fight. Ask the state of Michigan what damage she did there.
yes - the "to do" is #votenodevos
#noDevos My son can't vote right now, but will next time and we BOTH will remember your vote on Betsy DeVos. I suggest NO
read the comments on this post and every post. You represent US. Hear our voices!!!!  Do the right thing. Vote NO ON DEVOS.
Educational inequality is significant contributor to racial, economic inequality; fight inequality by voting to #DumpDevos
Let your actions demonstrate your beliefs, vote No on Sessions http://bitly.com/2gdu5dK 
. @senrobportman #BHM how about you do something about the fascist-in-chief? Blocking his incompetent cabinet, investigating ties to Russia?
if civil rights and equality *really* mean anything at all to you, you must see the importance of education! #DumpDevos
Your role is to #stopsessions #DumpDevos and answer your gd phone.  Have a town hall, listen to Ohioans, Do your job, Rob.
I agree with this statement. Now follow up with a NO VOTE to DeVos or this means nothing.
Expecting you to vote No on Sessions who holds openly racist beliefs http://bitly.com/2jRD7wO 
If Sessions is appointed, that long fight will be for nothing. Pls vote no on #Jeff Sessions!
You have a big role! NO on Sessions!!
What exactly do you plan to do to fight for civil rights and equality? What role are you going to play?
Sorry, but I'm not sure what you are referencing here.  What are you trying to advocate for in this tweet?  Very general...
One way to continue that tradition is to vote against Devos. #TaketheDeVosPledge
Well said and very true. However, given what you already know, how can you think we'll do anything but move backwards? Sad.
Yes and part of that is standing up for those that are being maligned.  Say no to Sessions and DeVos they will only destroy.
No to Sessions, No to DeVos, impeach Trump!
No on Jeff Sessions. He will not provide the safety you're espousing.
No on DeVos!
I refuse to give up, I still think you have time to change your mind and tell DeVos her $51k didn't buy your soul. #DumpDeVos
This is such hypocrisy since you voted to put nazis in the WH .
Exactly. Your role to #vote NO for all of @POTUS unqualified cabinet nominations. #Sessions #DeVos & more.
#IAmAConstituent
Educated children = educated voters who will stand up for #CivilRights & #Equality Protect public ed by voting #NoDevos
Yes, please work to stop #VoterSuppression!
Vote no on Jeff Sessions and No on Devos
you post about civil rights but act like the privatization DeVos pushes for won't disproportionately impact children of color
especially building, strengthening our education system. VOTE #noDevos
rob, it's seems like you don't mean that. Education is an important part of equality. OH kids are more important than $51k
civil rights and equality is a sham. It's not a goal our country was created for
Man! Your posts are the biggest cop out posts! READ what the people of Ohio are saying to you! Stand up 4 OH. #noDevos
step one is better education, so I assume your voting NO on Devos?
So send a message that you care by rejecting Jeff Sessions. It's clear how we the people feel about him/his reputation. #BHM
Then how can you support Presidential appointments of people whose actions and interests are opposed to these goals?
http://www.neonnettle.com/news/1873-fbi-insider-pizzagate-pedophile-ring-arrests-are-now-imminent …
NOTICE: THERE ARE NO DEVOS SUPPORTERS IN THESE COMMENTS! Listen to the people lest they learn you are out of touch.
It is not the job of anyone else to nominate someone for the position so why would that happen? Enjoy your alternate reality.
yes we have so as one of your constituents Vote NO on Sessions, DeVos, and Pruitt. The people of Ohio are watching! #resist
please listen to your constituents and #VoteNoDevos protect those with disabilities. Stand up for #LGBT and make Ohio proud!
work toward equality by voting No for Betsy DeVos.
be honest; it was harder to say that with #PresidentBannon glaring at you, wasn't it?
you have a lot more to do. Like voting NO for @BetsyDeVos. Let me remind you that you work for US, so please do your job
hard to swallow such a statement if you vote for DeVos or Sessions.
your role is to speak on behalf of your citizens not your party. No to Devos no to Sessions
Fight for the equality of all students to receive good public education. Vote #noDevos. She's against Fed anti-descrim. laws
when are you going to stand up to a tyrant that is trampling on civil and constitutional rights.
And your role can apparently be purchased for $51,000.   Please listen to us and vote NO on Devos.  #DumpDevos
your role is to support public education and vote #NotoDeVos
.@senrobportman How about standing up for the right to get a good #publiceducation?
Yes!!! Act to save public education which is the engine of democracy and our shared American values.  Vote against DeVos.
they are raising $51,000 to buy him out of his obligation to DeVos https://www.gofundme.com/buy-back-rob-portman …
what are you doing for civil rights. I think your on the side of the oppressor.
vote no on devos
shes the worst possible choice totally unqualified is why...
Disabled children will have no rights with Betsy DeVos Stand up.for them to
Then do not sell the least among us down the river. Read what the NAACP has to say about vouchers and their ramifications.
.@senrobportman Do U support shoring up Voting Rights Act? Not enuf to march on Selma. Take a stand. @NAACP @OhioVoice
I'll bet that guy @realFredDoug can help us. He's getting noticed more I hear, and doing good work.
You have a role to play in #Ohio! Listen to US! #NoDevos #DumpDevos or #DumpPortman #WakeUpRob @BetsyDeVos is BAD for Ed!
Giving OUR constitutional rights to foreigners is not "Doing more" it is fascism. Either we take over the world or we don't.
do your part and fight for education equality.  Step 1 vote #noDevos!
yes you are correct! Please remind @realDonaldTrump that and the rest of his #minions
what about Betty Devos?  Which side are you on, democracy or Trump.  I urge you to vote no.
now it's time to focus on screwing over poor people of all races and creeds.
Thank you Senator Portman- we are counting on you to hold the line and help push for more equality.
