Portman let #CHIP expire. Now he wants to reinstate via a dirty bill w/ billions in Medicare/Medicaid cuts. Using 9M children as props.
Why is our country so hung up on medical coverage It should be available to everyone, period, no questions asked.
Just now a Toledo pastor charged with sex trafficking of foster children. Someone must act to save foster children
#PedoGate
Duh!!!
Whydidn’t your sorry asses  fo something before it expired, right want to use it as leverage. @GOP cannot govern!
Senate should have acted weeks ago but you were too busy trying to gut everyone's healthcare.
finally something right.  protect these kids, but you will probably through in more guns or something #racsit #taxcutsfortherich
But yeah bout to take our Healthcare away
Actually laughed
Me too
@senrobportman: you have an army of @OHPediatricians ready to help you in the fight to act on #CHIP! Let’s roll... let’s #KeepKidsCovered.
How about tax reform that brings the funds back into the pockets of parents!  #TaxReform #FAIRtax
Please make passage retroactive to the expiration date to ensure complete and proper coverage for these kids. @umcjustice @OhioDistrict12 @innovationohio
So do all people. Like those on Medicaid/care.
Act by passing a clean bill.
You mean like last Friday soon?
Then WHY didn't YOU act BEFORE the deadline?! More false concern while slapping colleagues on the back at the expense of CHILDREN.
Yup.
Now you have said something I totally agree with.
So full of 
So what ya gonna do about it #PhotoOpRob?!?!?! Go pander some folks & pimp yourself out for $ & votes?!?!?!?!
Look who's decided to talk about healthcare now!I think you are a little too late! You still won't be reelected!
You should have been working on this before it expired instead of #TheTaxScam. Better late than never I suppose.

A kid brought a gun to my son's high school in Worthington, Ohio today. How much is his life worth?
I'd tell you that you should be ashamed because you're in the Senate & you allowed it to expire, but I don't think you/Congress feels shame!
Why did you let this coverage expire if it's so important to you? #Hypocrite
Yes.
Because you know Senator's kid inIhio is going to be shot by a gun owner exercising his ownership rights, but that kids care is a privilege
yes and thanks to the GOP this will vanish...  Good work ROB, now work on the "tax reform" where I as a 1% get more $ back than worker serf
In America...?  Great.  Need some of that.  Where?  Oh, sorry, coverage.  Looking for high quality healthcare.
well, fucking get them to act. you can reach the tutlr quicker than i can
Why didn't you prevent this before the 9mm children were kicked out?
Only care now because tax bill takes away healthcare from millions
Your party is in control of the Senate so why hasn't it acted? Oh yeah, you've been spending all year trying to kill Obamacare. Hypocrite!
You let it expire.
#robportnam & #nra are relentless in ensuring #us kids are exposed to gun violence.

3 mill. dollar bloody chip
#gop
Why are you just now complaining?  Why didn't you do something about it before it expired?  As usual, you don't want to rock the GOP boat.
Pass a clean bill without LOTTERY CLAUSE shortening the payment grace period for ACA marketplace premiums from 90 to 30 days hurts poor
HealthSnap cards for health insurance purchase on open market.  A free market healthcare solution.
Have you no shame Senator? You forget being instrumental in allowing #CHIP to expire.  Don't worry Ohio voters will remind you in 2022.
Yes , you need to act on reinstating CHIP.  You MUST NOT act on a budget that cuts Medicare by $473B and Medicaid by $1Trillion.
Senate should have acted before it expired.
Then FIX it. Oh, I forgot - pro-life to your party only pertains to BEFORE birth. Screw every one after they're born.
Why did you let it lapse, #BotPortman?
What about DACA kids?
Next, let's keep kids safe with some sensible #GunControlNow.
#protectALLkids
You are in the senate.   Do something!
The @gop is so hyped to protect children before they are born, but not after. Shame on you all. Can’t have it both ways.
Should have been passed at least a month ago. But you all were too busy trying to take healthcare away from millions.
A) You cowrote a bill to take away our health care 
B) You and your cohorts let CHIP lapse
There is a special place in hell for ppl like you

You’re really kinda pathetic. You’ve done nothing with the trust Ohio granted you. But you’re hot to trot for #SESTA!
Where were you when it expired? Fraud.
Um, hello, Mr. Repeal and Replace! Look in the mirror, that's you!!!
U R the senate! U must act!
36%  households in my county are struggling, today's paper. This should have been renewed by 9/30 Quit playing politics with these families.
Why did you let it lapse?
NOW he talks like he cares. Last week he could have acted and done something about it.
Write your senator and see if he make something happen!
what about the middle class who can't afford the premiums and deductibles?
Better late than never? But for shame! This failure shows the priorities of our current goverment & it's not looking good.
Oh, so NOW you're in favor of helping people get healthcare??  When did that change?
Little late there, chief.
Why did you let it expire in the first place?
We were saying that BEFORE it expired. Thanks for finally noticing it, we'll go ahead & ignore how many kids were hurt during the lapse
Why did you let it expire? I’ll bet you were busy collecting $ from NRA. #fakefoxnews
Wait, wait everybody! This sounds suspiciously like Robby may actually be aware of events around him. Sounds fishy...
what, specifically, are you doing to help that happen? other than writing this inspiring tweet.
If children had as much lobby $$$ as the NRA, this would have been done in a flash. Profits from guns that killed in Las Vegas support you.
I’m glad you’re calling for action, Rollover Rob. Where were you last week when you and the other urchins in Congress let the funding expire?  #CHIP
I agree w Senate action, but only on a clean bill that has no strings atch. House bill further cuts ACA funds and is counterproductive.
The GOP tax cuts for the rich plan would destroy Medicare/Medicaid.
Letting it lapse caused huge pain to communities that support children.  You found a way to fund airlines and runways, but not CHIP.
F'ing numnut. Maybe you should have done this BEFORE you and your comrades let it lapse.
Wow. Your expanding your repertoire. Why the silence before it expired? You are quietly, stealthily, complicit. NRA $$$$$
Socialism Sucks! Stealing from workers to enable Mooches is immoral! Defund Welfare/Immigration/UN! U want it WORK! MAGA/DTS of Socialists!
Wow!! What a nice surprise!!!
Where were you last week, Senator?
Is your support of #CHIP contingent on corresponding cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, like @RepSteveStivers’ is?
where in the HELL were you when your party let it expire. Trying to take healthcare away from other kids?!? Is that where??

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
