Merrick was well regarded too. McConnell's gang blocked him; including you. Shameful. We have long memories. Answer phones.
seriously. When is Portman's next town hall? No one is answering my questions.
$1,000 question Jenny. Next? When was 1st one. Avoidance. Remember this.
touché. Next was not a great word. Apologies. He owes us answers.
And so did M. Garland. Your(Repubs) utter dishonesty & flagrant refusal to vote on his nomination--shameful#derelictionofduty
This man does not have the best interest of all Americans at heart. Please rethink your support.
How about his record on women's rights????? I'm a woman in your district and I vote!!!
right, if you're a straight, white, christian male.
agreed. Vote for him and against DeVos who is completely lacking in understanding of fundamentals of education.
you are not listening to your constituents and we are noticing.  #NODEVOS!
What do you think a Fascism Forever club talks about? @senrobportman #Gorsuch #OH12 #indivisibleOhio
It's a stolen seat.  It belongs to Merrick Garland.
another judge who thinks corporations are people... We can do better
so did @POTUS44 recommendation of Merrick Garland, but the GOP was fair and balanced with that nomination. #GOPSarcasm
not really.
This is a stolen nomination.  You don't represent anyone but other boot licking sycophants in your party.  You never have.
also, is evil.
That's the Brietbart and Fox take. Stop watching fake news.
I hope that Neil "Fascism Forever" Gorsuch won't actually turn out to be fascist.
corperations are not people
as was Judge Garland ...
thank you for putting Americans first.
I guess that means you don't respect women's autonomy. "Sad!" #OHNASTYWOMEN
. @senrobportman NOT universally respected! He will not protect women and minorities.
Pretty sure #MerrickGarland did too
Let's not approve a nomination in the last year of the President's term.
corporations are NOT people. Someone tell judge Gorsuch
no. Answer your phones.
please don't vote for Judge Gorsuch, allowing the GOP to deny Merrick Garland even being voted on set a dangerous precedent
he sucks and so do you
guessing your son may not think he is such a great pick. #throwyoursonundertgebus
So did Merrick Garland. You didn't seem to think it was that important then.
similar things could have been said about Merrick Garland where was his hearing?
Gorsuch deserve to be confirmed for sure. But Betsy Devos certainly not. Do you duty please and reject her.
NO SCOTUS nominee until investivation into Russia/Regime Leader connection, tax returns are released &blind trust established
The founder of the Facism Forever club and supporter of the Hobby Lobby case?  Doesn't sound fair-minded to me.
I don't think we should permit such a right-wing judge to the SC.
He's against protecting the health of literally half your constituents.
Turn the phones on!
I heard the same of Merrick Garland but you wouldn't give him a fair and thorough evaluation. Hypocrites every one of you!
Garland had great credentials and was blocked due to party. Expect the same from us
Or does your White, Christian privilege not allow you to see that?
Judge Gorsuch has a record of mixing religious beliefs with legislation & therefore oppressing non-christians in the U.S.
Extremely disappointed. My first senate vote as a U.S. Citizen will not be for someone who supports backwards progress.
Dear Senator Portman, why would you speak out against Trump's immigrant EO then support anti separation of church & state?
I think the President made a good choice. Won't make laws, stick to constitution.
lol
The same could be said of Merrick Garland yet you withheld your support for someone who is against women and LGBT rights!
Not respected by me. People have rights, not corporations. Or at least we used to.
Oh really? Fair towards women and LGBTQ and minorities? Ohioans are watching, Rob. You work for us.
sounds like Merrick Garland to me...
Merrick Garland did, too.
It's a stolen seat... NEVER WILL HAPPEN AND SHOULDNT!!! Payback for obstruction!!
OK but Betsy DeVos is neither respected or fair-minded.  Potential grizzly bears don't scare me but DeVos does.
anyone who thinks corporations have more rights than women is bad for America. Gorsuch is an extremist.
@SenSherrodBrown let's not go right to for or against. Let's really look at this. If he is like the former judge then why not
Unless you're a woman or LGBT. Then ha a threat to your freedom
Bullshit. Lie some more for trump.
So was Merrick Garland. You are such a phony
Also, I wish men could get pregnant. The world would be a different place.
Senator Brown, pls filibuster.
He supports Citizens United, that means he doesn't support democracy.  That's kind of a prerequisite.
He's also anti-choice
turn your phone back on and listen to your constituents! We don't want him
I beg to differ and so would most of the country
This is a joke, right? His record for women and workers is appalling. Are there not women in your district?
be more specific on fairness I beg
I don't think the GOP needs any more bad PR right now. McConnell decided we should have 8.
2016 Sen. McConnell: There will not be hearings or votes. 

2017 Sen. McConnell: Treat our nominees the same as Obama's 
so did Merrick Garland
I hope the #Democrats pull the same shit you guys did for the past year #RejectMnuchin
He favors corporations over workers. As an Ohioan, I urge you to vote against his nomination.
universally respected is a step too far? How about women's rights and LFBT equality?  Where does stand there ?
@SteveKoff Wrong, he is anti women.
he thinks corporations are people. Come on!
Nice that you've done research. Pity you didn't bother with Merrick Garland. Now turn your damn phones back on.
How can you support any #SCOTUSnominee who does not recognize that corporations are not people?
So did Garland but Repubs played games. Not nice.
couldnt have checked out merrick garland the same way?
#alternativefacts
so does Merrick Garland!
.@senrobportman Our LGBT+ community does not agree. As an ally, I am upset by this nominee.
Horrible record with womens rights and LGBT issues. Wants to defund PP, which provides life-saving care to low-income women.
listen to your voicemails and see if your constituents agree on that
2) Corporations aren't people & should should not be influencing elections. Government for and by the people, not companies.
1) This appointment should have been filled by Obama, but Republicans were too cowardly to let that happen.
It important to be respected in one's field. Please know that Betsy DeVos is not respected in the education field. I'm in it.
Care to be more specific on the rulings you found fair? @SenSherrodBrown provided evidence for his decision by example.
this is the Hobby Lobby guy, right? Yeah figures you would like him.
Illegitimate.
So does Merrick Garland.
Democrats should block the nomination of Neil Gorsuch!
Wrong.
Wrong! He's anti women, anti- environment, and It deserves to be Merrick Garland. This is stolen, illegitimate nominee
But will you & other RINOS vote for him?!?'
Actually I think you’re thinking if Merrick Garland. Perhaps you’ve heard of him?
he does not support the people of Ohio, only Wall Street. I will remember when it comes time to vote. From zip 44904
@ohiogop elections have consequences
Wrong. I'll be calling your office tomorrow. You speak for us and we say NO to Gorsuch!
consider a #scotus nominee that cares for environmental issues like Lake Erie algae bloom which effects your constituents
He is not for #EqualRights must be blocked for 1,450 days.
2 words: Merrick Garland. You should be ashamed.I hope Dems shut this one down just like you all did Garland.
put on a pamper u cry baby Libtard. Trump won he gets to pick he with be confirmed you baby

uh nope.
Why can't you answer your phones?  Women have rights too. Stop voting away our rights.
Well, except for this.
except where women's rights are concerned, of course.
what stances on civil rights issues make him a good #scotus candidate?
Senator Portman, keep up the good work representing EVERYONE in Ohio.
does he support reproductive rights or is he prolife? Prolife is code for ant abortion.  Remember no religion in government
Garland doesn't?
VOTE NO
so did Merick Garland
consider a #scotus pick that will defend the rights of your constituents (individuals, families) rather than big business
he is great if you arent a woman,if an employer can decide your family planning choices and guns for felons.
than he should decline until Garland gets a fair chance.
@gop = #GrandOldPhascists
'16 @SenateMajLdr There will not be hearings or votes.
'17 @SenateMajLdr Treat our nominees the same as Obama's
@SenSitazen3 @senrobportman
against women and workers and for big business.  This constituent says speak for us not your party. Vote NO on Gorsuch
wrong.
So does Merrick Garland...
nope nope nope
why is "independent" important?
Why didn't you vote for Merrick garland? We pay you to support the people not screw us over. Now you are supporting
a gun nut judge.
You're a patriot, please realize that you're dealing with authoritarianism here.  Stand up!
I can see your blind
she's it's you're
So did Merrick Garland.
Exactly. Stop putting power over people.
What? When? When he said corporations are people? And women apparently are not?
If you don't have a uterus, I'm sure he's great.
and he thinks women should only get contraception if their bosses approve... does your boss decide what treatment you get?
except that when it comes to my body and my own beliefs. #no
Judge Neil Gorsuch has a long and troubling career opposing civil rights, including for #LGBTQ people. #SCOTUS

Sounds a lot like Merrick Garland
nope.
