you forgot to mention you voted for her because of her rather large campaign contribution to you.  #bought
Wrong, wrong, wrong.
Because she and her family have a lot of money to donate to your campaign.
I can think of $51,000 reasons why you supported her nomination
you ignored the will of people that you are supposed to represent.
you're reasons for supporting #BetsyDeVos are not convincing.
Also she gave you a load of money amirite?
You can pay my legal fees when Fed oversight on IDEA is gone and my kid's rights to FAPE are demolished. Thanks for nothing!
You forgot to say that she contributed a lot of money to your campaign!
for profit schools work really well. Just look at ITT!
You sir, should spend time speaking with Ohio educators to see what they think of your highly flawed choice. #notrightforOhio
lining your own pockets with the $$ she gave you isn't a valid reason.
THIS IS WHY YOU LOST YOUR SENATE SEAT. Horrible choice of character.
How about deference to your constituency?
I can't even address him in so angry! I'll live vicariously through you for now. #Ohio won't forget
My anger leads me to dreaming of him locked in an otherwise empty room with the complete works of Journey blasting 24/7. 
Your job, however, is to represent the wishes of your constituents. #DumpDevos #resist
thanks for responding to my email re:Devos, but you lied to me- You don't care about education, she gave you $50k to vote yes

Something is better than nothing....I choose to resist in many different ways
because $51k. You didn't have to write all those paragraphs.
I support literally anyone who challenges you in 2022  #yourlastterm
why did you become a public servant? Did u think u would confirm a person who no experience back then #dotherightthing
you should have posted days before vote saying why you WILL vote 4 her instead of afterwards as to why you DID! #cowardly
Did her mother really teach, + for how long?? I'm sure I'm wrong, but I cannot find ANY record of her ever teaching.
you will not get my vote next time as I trusted you would be the voice of the people and you were not.  You chose  $.
Here's why: Christian Madrassas.
My grandfather was a pharmacist.  Maybe be I can get a job in the FDA. SHAME AND LAME REASON TO SAY YES to vote her in.
my dad drove dump trucks.  Can I be the secretary of transportation? Your logic at work
.@senrobportman it's the 51k she gave you
unforgettably disappointed in your decisions regarding cabinet choices.
Start making plans for what you are going to do after 2022. Say goodbye to the Senate.
I'm the daughter of a union carpenter; hire me to build your house?  I know what I'm doing and won't screw it up  #idiot
Party before country. Got it.  She had the worst confirmation hearing ever. She will not support IDEA.
.@senrobportman It only took $51K to buy your vote. Again, party before country.
and I will consider this when election time returns.
Ignoring your voters isn't working out too well for you. What is like to have your excuses fall on deaf ears?
Baloney
.@senrobportman No, HERE'S why...
every1 I've talked to in Ohio either doesn't know about SoE power or hates DeVos, where's all your positive voter feedback?
you'd think to get that J.D. you'dva taken at least 1 ethics course honestly
thanks for picking money over your constituents voices and lives, real classy Rob. Can't wait to continue to not vote for you
shameful !  She is unqualified.
.@senrobportman maybe you can buy a new backbone with that $51k and @SenSherrodBrown can teach you how to work for the ppl, not ur wallet
I'm the son of an US Air Force pilot. That doesn't qualify me to fly a plane.
I'm sure it had nothing to do w/ the 51K you were given.  You should've really listened to your constituents. Disgraceful.
I am so disappointed in your vote. You did not listen to us. Public Education mourns today.
you left something off your list of reasons. Thanks for dicking over your constituents.
your leading qualification is that she's the daughter of a school teacher?! My dad worked for the railroad -- let me run CSX
you are our voice. You didn't listen to us.  Remember this next election.
.@senrobportman career suicide. Good luck in the unemployment line with America's youth. #PrimaryPortman
Ooo! Ooo! Is it because you're a spineless jellyfish with no independent thought or regard for his constituents?
you have failed today. You failed to listen to educators, parents and your constituents. Shame on you.
How about commenting on Jeff Sessions, you know, before you vote.
no response to your outraged constituents screaming NO until after your YES vote. Shame on you.
She HAS NOT. Look at Michigan. she DESTROYED ED there. when OH schools r in Shambles u will b home drinking BudLite w NO JOB
forgot to mention the .
"deference 2 Trump" not comforting when nominees portend 2 defile agencies. The Ppl aren't involved in recomm. Bureaucrats.
"1) She bribed me and I think money's more important than the lives and futures of Ohio's children! 2) No 2 -- that's it! :)"
You sold out our kids. I will not forget this. Shameful
"because she paid me"
. Party before country. You showed your cards! Time for the voters to show thiers!
did you put in there for the reasons of support she was a big campaign contributor also?
I HOPE THAT EVERY TIME YOU WANT A BOWL OF CEREAL YOU'RE OUT OF MILK YOU SELL OUT FRUITCAKE
you just voted your political  career goodbye. Great job listening to your constituents.
did anyone actually support this vote? I haven't heard of one! I hope 51K was worth losing your seat
I will not vote for you!
Winter Is Coming #snowflakes
The facts are you support the GOP and the $51k bribe you received directly from her. Now at least collect on her debt to Ohio
You had a chance to do the right thing today, and you FAILED! You failed America's students. Shame on you. We won't forget. 
you have abandoned rural Ohio in exchange for billionaire money. Shame on you! My life is now dedicated to kicking u out!

I could not feel less represented.  Show me data that proves how your vote really represented your constituents.
$51,000 bought your vote but Ohio voters will remember.
You can sell out on a lot of things, but selling out on our education system makes you no better than enemies of the state.
what the hell man
you're a coward and a puppet
You forgot to mention the $51,000. Because the other reasons you cite are clearly horse manure.
$51k is a cheap price for your morality and dignity. Disgusting.
Your response is weak and pandering, and you've clearly illustrated how easy it is to buy our cowardly congress out.
You're a sham and a shame, Mr. Portman. My stepdad is a scientist and I didn't get into @NASA but maybe I can offer them 50k.
To save everyone time from reading the link:"She gave me $51,000"
.@senrobportman your vote shows you are hopelessly out of touch with the will of your constituents. You lost my vote. #ForShame
Seems like you had about 51,000 reasons.
daughter of a public school teacher and sister of a war profiteer.
plus she donates big $$ to republicans.  Too bad there aren't any qualified millionaires.
Being the child of a public school teacher ≠ qualified. 

My dad is an electrician, but I won't try to wire your house.
Wish you had been able to say "I support DeVos because it's what my constituents want." The real tragedy here is U couldn't.
51k donation from @BetsyDeVos to sell out public ed. You will be voted out. We will not forget. #TheResistance.
Please come to my district and explain to my daughter why you just sold her education to the highest bidder.
nothing listed demonstrates her understanding/experience in ed. The GOP owns this one! #rememberin2018
disappointed you came to this conclusion
how can #highered become more affordable when states cut funding year after year and enforce tuition freezes?
you will never be elected again in Ohio.
voting you out as you have made it clear you do not work for the people. Bought and paid for. Shame
You made the top 5!
How do you sleep at night?
My dad was a football coach. Idk a center from a tight end, but I have $137. Is that enough for Belichick's job?
Release the call tallies. How many against DeVos vs how may for?
My father was a steel worker. Can you make me Secretary of Labor?  
Was it really worth $51,000.00? At least now you have shown your true colors. Looks like bribery to me
.@senrobportman And I will support your opponent in the next election. You did not listen to your constituents and we will remember.
Your constituents strongly disagree!! #PortmanForSale
. @senrobportman #BetsyDeVos She gave you 51,000 good reasons.
when I see your name on the ballot, I'll be thinking about this and will be voting for your opponent.
just wanted to add my voice to those who are extremely disappointed you voted yes for this unqualified nominee.
I voted for you twice.  Never again.  Not you or any Republican. Your GOP has sold out our country to Trump's kleptocracy.
and this is one of the reasons I will be unable to support you as Senator from Ohio
you spelled "she gave me money" wrong
I'm the daughter of a resp. therapist- care to let me trach you? It will only cost you 51k.
weak
dude, I don't have $51k to donate to u for a cabinet job. What appointment can I get for $100?
has your ch class cleared Senstor?
Could it be the $51,000 she gave you? #NotMySOE
=Another bought senator. No decency & putting your finger in the eye of teachers for power and  $$$. Disgusted by you all!
No mention in that press release of the CNP, the far-right extremist kook group DeVos is with. https://www.splcenter.org/hatewatch/2016/05/17/council-national-policy-behind-curtain …
, we all know why. All 51,000 reasons why. What ever happened to representation?
cant wait to support your opposition.
you seem to have forgetten who you work for, it's the people of #Ohio not @BetsyDeVos  #noDevos
My mom was a computer programmer. I assure you I am not qualifed to be her boss or make decisions in her field of expertise.
you're a disgrace to all. As a teacher, I'm terrified for my students and my job. Thanks for nothing. Good luck running again
shame on you. She is the most unqualified & dangerous person for the job- you didn't listen to you constituents. #notmyrep
We will remember this  45230
you do not have a backbone and do not stick up for Ohioans or our children
Let me finish that for you.  Here's why: $51,000.00
did you lose this upon leaving for D.C.?
Poor Robby, all done. I hope the only job this washed up hag can get is as a teacher.
B/c she donated ~$70,000 to your campaign, that's why. Grow a backbone and start standing up to the reckless administration.
sell out!
spin it anyway you want... you sold us out
.@senrobportman How can you support someone that WILL hurt Your Families LBGT Community... O it only Takes $51,000.. #NoMoralsGOP$
but you're telling me. If I was born a rich, I could have just skipped all the meaningful work needed to do my job and buy it
Not to mention the $51,000 you received from her family.
Here's why: I studied for 4 years for my engineering/math degrees. I accepted entry level positions. I worked to attainment.
Curious to know how many phone calls you received opposing her confirmation?
because it's ok to just hire anyone for a job so long as they got $$$$$. Your position is offensive.
It'd be nice if you had the backbone of someone like John Kasich.
You're going to be voted out.  Hope that $50k donation was worth it.
Come home and face us.  We are pissed!
hey Rob, I'm so glad you don't care about our education system! I can't wait for you to be voted out of office :)
Portman took position by lying to Ohioans.  Owned by money including Koch brothers (60% of campaign funds) DeVos bought vote.
this is the stupidest fucking thing I've ever fucking read.
SHAME on you! She is not qualified for this position and will fail our children and public school systems.
can not support a spineless party first jelly fish like you.
and what will you do when she doesn't support public schools and imposes her will? But Ohio schools will be safe from bears.
extremely disappointed in your confirmation vote of an unqualified candidate that has made substantial contributions to you.
I'm related to a public school teacher too. Should I have been appointed?
never vote for you again
because you care more about the party line than what's good for Ohio's students.
she also gave you $51k
If you truly represented OH voters, and not the GOP or a nominee that gives you $51k, you would have voted against her.
terrible decision to go against the people.  We will not let you represent us again
my dad is a paramedic. Hopefully you won't need to but call me if you need help. By your metric I'm more than qualified.
sooooo how much did she pay you? #snake #NoOnDeVos
boo hiss on you
I only wish I could vote for your replacement sooner than 6 long years from now. #deplorable #Devos
My parents were both public school teachers and I was educated in the public schools. Shame on you! #Devos
well at least we know the price of your vote, $51,000.  #TheResistance 
#DumpDevos
if that link doesn’t say “ka-ching!” it isn’t true.

Coward.
clearly blinded by self interest.
Senator Portman, your vote today in the face of the overwhelming concern of your constituents is shameful.
Thanks for listen to the people you work for...*sarcasm*
Up next.  Tom Price.  Now it's ethics, not just competence.
she has no business in education! I'm very disappointed in you, Senator.
thanks for your support. I told my 13 year old daughter she can personally vote you out.  #senatorscanbebought
very disappointed. I'll remember next Election Day.
I called your local and D.C. offices to urge you to vote differently. I wish you had listened to the many Ohioans who called.
I hope your next opponent is a strong candidate because you will not have my vote. This is beyond disappointing.
that is a deal breaker for me.  I'm disappointed that you could support a nominee so unqualified for the job
She "made clear in her response to questions that she will be a strong advocate for our kids and our public schools." #False
You own her screw ups now. She can't make it thru a planned hearing, there'll be screw ups.
Please hold her accountable! If you see anything that jeapordizes a single student's education, push back! This is our future
$51K does it. I wish you'd have told us. We could have raised enough to change your mind
didn't read but I'm sure it says "because I'm a coward who doesn't care about my constituents "
please start listening to the people you represent, not your party leader!
.@senrobportman cut Sen. Portman some slack, I probably would have voted for her too if she gave me $51k
It's called reality buddy, might want to get in touch with it.
She also donated $51K to you. #PayToPlay #DrainTheSwamp #SenatorBought&PaidFor
#SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor
Is your debt to her paid now, or are you still in her pocket? #boughtbybetsy
you forgot the part where her family gave you $51,000
I tend to believe you supported a woman with no educational background or experience because of her large donation.
#sellout
