so  "best" for Ohio is the same as whats best for Devos and the big Pharmas who paid for your senate seat?Thats not democracy Sen Kleptocrat
Then do not support this bill!! Put your constituents over your party!!
Gonna vote you out. No town halls, AHCA =no more
Just be honest... you think AHCA is horrible & horrible for us in Ohio. You pretend you don't hear us telling you to vote no.
Keep our healthcare and maintain tax structure so we don't lose revenue.
It's an honor to have you represent us!
O'Connell met with lobby FIRST...sick!
ACA still there. PLEASE KEEP the TAXES and don't cut womens and teen health.
no tax cuts, please.
it's about POLITICS
iT'S MEANER; SLOWER!
FIX ACA...DON'T CUT TAXES...
HELP CHILDREN AND KEEP CERVICAL CANCER SCREENING.
We want you to represent us, not your belief of whatever is best. We are loud and clear, Senator.
Once again, please vote no on the ACHA. Ohio and all Americans deserve better than the House Republicans and Senate bill. Lead, don't follow
You refused to meet with Ohioans that drove to DC to see you today.So why are you lying and hiding
So odd since he said he wasn't even working on healthcare bill and invites people to D.C. all the time. #doyourjob
He one of 13 wroking on healthcare
According to his statement in the Columbus Dispatch he is it working on it and has no idea what's in it.
*isn't
That is the liar everyone of them are saying..I bet his big buck donors know what it says.I am sure the Mercers and The Koch brother do
You forgot his insurance company donors...
True
What you believe is in our best interest? You don't seem to be listening to us at all.
Did you refuse to meet and talk to fellow Ohioans in DC yesterday? Please have town halls at home.
Then why have you not had a town hall? Run & hide is what Ohioans see.
You don't have public town halting. You are hiding. Not one town hall in 2017
Obviously by your willingness to have Town Halls IN Ohio.The only person you're doing best for is you. Ohio deserves better.
Key part was "do what I believe is best for the state." Constituent concerns don't change your mind, only  from donors.
Rob Portman still hiding. No public town hall meeting in 2017 in Ohio. Portman is a liar. He supports Trumpcare.
Then plse have open & public townhall meeting in Ohio B4 UR vote on Trumpcare. Constit. should not have to go to DC to see U. #Notrumpcare
Continue???? When have you started?
You are certainly not acting in the best interest of Ohio's 2.6 million children, 23% of our population.
Like saying that you DO #StandWithPP #SaveMyCare and that you're saying #NoTrumpcare #NoAHCA ? Because #Ohio / your constituents do!!
No, you should be doing what the people ask of you to do that's why we elected you because we thought you'd represent us best.
Not one public town hall meet in 2017. Portman is still hiding!
Hahahaha. Funny, that's really exactly what you do. Listen to us, then do whatever the hell you want. #notbetterforOhio #votePortmanout
Isn't yr job 2 do what WE think is best 4 Oh? Stop this ram job quickie Healthcare legislation.
Kaptur, Fudge, Brown,and Bernie Sander have had more public meeting in Ohio than Rob Portman.  Portman is are hiding.
Please don't let McConnell bamboozle you into being the same schmuck he is.
Portman has handicap arrested for trying to see him in DC. Still no public town hall meetings in 2017. Still hiding.
Many of my neighbors here in Ohio will die if this bill passes, Senator.  Please fight for your constituents.
Best for the state or best for you? I don't trust your "beliefs."
If you vote yes for this health care bill, you might as well kiss your career goodbye.
can you REALLY put CONSTITUENTS ACA needs OVER ideology? 
can you REALLY believe ohio ins left market because #45 is STABLE?
no tax cuts..
Just to clarify- you don't represent me, nor have you EVER listened to me, which is obvious by your non-sequitur responses.
Is it best to be hiding in secret to push through is detrimental to most Americans
If you believe this bill is "best," then you are not qualified to represent us.
Please do NOT support the health care bill being secretly crafted. Rich get richer and poor get poorer. And sicker
When did you start? I have not felt represented once with your voting record, the healthcare bill and no town halls.
When are you going to start doing that Senator?
Actions speak louder than words. Your actions betray your words. #NoHearingsNoVote
Then vote no on Trumpcare!
Like push through a health care bill in secret!
Thank you, Rob. It warms my heart to see people like you working so passionately to improve the lives all constituents.
Don't take away our healthcare
Then meet with us! Advocate for us! We need hearings, discussion & amendments on healthcare.
It's not our honor to be represented by you. Can you and Mitch come here to NKY and get caught up in projected 20 mile Brent Spence backups?
So far you haven't represented me
So you think what's best for the state is participating in the drafting of a bill that will take healthcare away from millions? Think again.
YES!! Keep Planned Parenthood open and do not support the AHCA! That would be best for the state.
Hey Ohio!!!
Rob Portman is part of the GOP SECRET healthcare initiative!!
Party over Country!!!
Are for cutting medicare?
You don't listen to us. You listen to whoever gives you money. Like @BetsyDeVosED
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Everyone...use RESISTbot to FLOOD his office with mail and faxes.  Text RESIST to 50409; follow prompts.  FREE AND EASY TO DO
DON'T CONTINUE TO BE PATHETIC AND COWARDLY!!!
DO THE RIGHT THING FOR OHIOANS ...NO TRUMPCARE UNLESS IT'S AT LEAST DONE THE RIGHT WAY!!!!
DO WHAT'S RIGHT!!!!!GROW SOME BALLS PORTMAN  AND STAND UP AGAINST THIS WRONGDOING BY MCCONNELL!!!!
THIS IS NOT HOW LEGISLATION IS DONE!!!!
REPUBLICANS ARE WEAK IF THEY HAVE TO HIDE AND DO THIS IN SECRET!!!  SHAMEFUL!!!
EQUAL TIME TO REVIEW AND CBO EVALUATION!!!!!!
SHOW US THE BILL!!!!
NO TRUMPCARE!!!!!
DO WHAT WE WANT...NOT WHAT THE PARTY TELLS YOU TO DO!!!  But you won't.  YOU'RE WEAK AND COWARDLY.  #GrowSomeBalls
Will we get to see the healthcare bill before it's rammed through for a vote?  Time to look at it, score it? It's all I ask as a constituent
You didn't meet with Garland. Partisan politics, not constituents' concerns. Ask Ohio politicians to undo gerrymandering. Respect is earned.
Behind closed doors? LIE! Btw-what's best for the " State?" How about what best for the "People" of Ohio? Your on the wrong side of history
To Dems, Pelosi "You have to pass the bill before you can find out what's in it" & no town hall, you Dems can't be civil and just scream!
Like voting yes for a disastrous education secretary and hiding the health bill from public debate?
So you will be voting NO the AHCA that takes healthcare from those that need it most...the old, sick, poor. Or are you just BSing me again!
You'll just vote for the AHCA no matter how horrible it is. Party loyalty should have limits for people with integrity.
Taking away my kids health insurance is hardly what's best for the state. Get real or get out.
Senator, share the Healthcare bill with us...good god this impacts our very existence! Do not hide.
Then why dont you listen to us?  $$$$$$ chaser
I've voted for you through your political career. You are hanging your constituents out to dry! Not doing your best for us, but for the GOP.
Are you going to show us the secret health care bill? during the break Brad Weinstrup had posts of his multiple meetings. Where were you?
U don't LISTEN to our concerns and vote accordingly. You vote as your GOP leaders tell you to. Betsy DeVos- ring any bells? Not best 4 Ohio!
Those Ohioans don't want to lose their healthcare. Show us the bill.
But you don't.   We want you to vote no on Trumpcare.
Rob, we know you really just work for your rich donors & corporations. Stop the lies!!
#ShowUsTheBill so we can truly listen to you constituents and then determine what is the best course for Ohio

Ohioans flood Senator Rob Portman's DC office because he won't have a town hall in Ohio https://www.pscp.tv/w/bBksSTFBbVF6Z2dMWEF3S2V8MU95SkFCWW93eU54YlSNvPLc_x0CCxUe9yxM_EBwLkzYPmMMiYnZ3xq20ouc …
Continue with the  good work don't pass trumpcare
Your job is to represent the people not "do what you think is best"
What representing? And you'd have to hear your constituents bf you can listen. #moneyisnotaconstituent Rob
How honored are you to be taking away healthcare from half a million of them, including opioid addicts?
McConnell's secret healthcare process is not what's best for Ohio. His machinations are against the founding premises of our country.
Despicable. constituents had to travel to D.C. to track you down & make you listen.
Previewing Q' s to FB townhalls is not addressing/listening to all your constituents.
You haven't listened to us in months!  We had to go to DC to try to be heard!!  #ShowUsTheBill
Then vote no on AHCA: it will destroy Ohioans and their hospitals!
Enough secrecy #ShowUsTheBill
Your actions have shown nothing of the sort, just stop lying to us. Your sickening partisan support will be your downfall, we won't forget.
You said what's best is public hearings on healthcare. So don't vote without one. #OH2DC
I hope that includes voting against #Trumpcare  If you truly care about the opioid epidemic don't leave Ohioans stranded without insurance.
Ohio will lose Medicaid funding on new AHCA according to AARP. Good work B Portman, you obstructed ACA in 2010
What's best for your constituents is what is best for the state. Stop pretending to have some other "calling" by separating the two.
Then please believe that what's best for the state is not to cut healthcare for the desperately poor.
You aren't listening now. You're just lying to our face.
Popular guy.  Wonder why.
Representatives are supposed to do what their constituents tell them to do, hence the word "represent" in the job title. Voters KNOW this.
Then vote NO to #Trumpcare!  23 million people without healthcare and complete disregard for the opioid epidemic. Represent OHIO!!
because you care about the addiction crisis I hope you reject Trumpcare
You need to do what WE believe is best for US.
The republicans now own the healthcare issue. Think on that for a moment and think back to 2010 Democrats. How much they lost for it!
facepalm
You are working on the health Bill. Please show the rest of us instead of sneaking it onto the floor hours before vote.
We need healthcare for all Ohioans.

#ShowUsTheBill
SHOW US THE AHCA!!! Stop working in the shadows.
You can start by showing us your healthcare bill. Because this tweet is bullshit and you know it. If you actually cared, you'd show us.
Do you really listen?  Why are you going to hurt people with your healthcare plan then?  Do you just not care?  Healthcare not corp. profit!
It would be better if you did what your constituents want you to do, even if it goes against what your pocketbook thinks is best for you.
Then tell your party to stop hiding the health car bill. Stop the party over people crap. In death your political party means nothing.
Looks like we have to drive to D.C. to be heard.  #OH14 #Trumpcare #ShowUsTheBill
This is the definition of lip service. You are cherry picking when and who you will listen to.
I hope that means voting no on this healthcare bill.
Do not support a health bill that is hidden under a cloak of secrecy? Why? Is it designed to fill the pockets of insurance & big pharma?
Please do what ur constituents need/want: no on the new health care bill. Slow it down and bring it to a hearing  and public commentary.
you will be responsible for destroying the lives of millions of addicted Ohioans and their families if you vote yes on AHCA
So you will be voting against the health care bill? I will continue to call your office daily to remind you of the millions who rely on it
Secret13 ??? cutting health care for 23 m people only to give the filthy rich a much undeserved tax break ........  #Mean
Protect health care and vote no on the bill. Even Kasich says so.
Let us see the healthcare plan... and DONT LIE!
That's odd since you seem okay with about a million of them losing their insurance coverage.
I think I just choked on your lies. Have a town hall we can ALL attend?
Yup, there's the problem: You don't believe in democracy. 
FYI, Portman, you're supposed to REPRESENT us. 
Not betray us. 
Not rule us.
Oh boy..where do I start with this tweet? Hypocritical, ridiculous, funny! Hold a real town hall mtg and we'll tell you what we think!
not to be disrespectful, but you most certainly did not listen to us on DeVos. I hope you listen on trumpcare.
Mr. Portman, I've been trying to reach you with no success. To me, it doesn't seem like you really want to hear from everyone.
Oh good. You finally answered my question! Now that you remember who you work for - ACT LIKE IT. Don't kill ACA - fix it.
then send in a lot of your own $...ACA was underfunded from inception
Right!? It needs fixed for sure!!
Believe me you have no honor from me as you constantly disrespect us.
Ohioans need to know what is in the bill so we can decide for you your vote not Mitch McConnell
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH...u said continue to listen to their concerns HAHAHAHHA!!!!
Simply put- bullshit
Oh Robby you only represent yourself. Working behind closed doors is not working for your constituents it's feeding your party. SHAME ON YOU
Your idea of what's best for Ohio often runs counter to reality or sells out people to business interests. Or to your donors.
Except for those that drive to D.C.? What is wrong with you?
Our concern is you will vote on a health care bill we can't see & said to be worse than than the house bill. Is that what is best for us?
Reading that tweet is insulting to the 11.5m constituents that you have been ignoring. We will remember your deaf ears! 
When can we see the health care bill? Hopefully prior to voting. No way for you to know what we want. Think about it
there's the kicker: "do what *you* believe." Not really the same thing as listening to the people and representing their interests, is it?
#fortheparty #notthepeople once again we are seeing you #ignore #thisisnotaboutyou
Than represent us protect the aca no secret republican health care plan
Ur concern should b that trumpcare is being written in the dark.
Have you even seen the healthcare bill?
How is voting against internet privacy in any way best for your constituents? NOBODY wanted that vote, @senrobportman!
Then shed light on the healthcare legislation and open it up to a town hall.  Your words are articulate and earnest, but your actions aren't
As long as you're involved in writing a healthcare bill behind closed doors you're not representing me or my interests in any way.
Show this healthcare bill, come out of the dark, let the people & experts see it! You r hiding from more than just Dem senators!! #shameful
Your DC office literally never answers the phone @senrobportman - how can you listen to our concerns?! #answerthephone
Please listen to this constituent in #OH14. No vote until they #ShowUsTheBill. Democracy dies in the dark.
Ohio has one of the worst opioid epidemics in the nation. We need to improve the #ACA not leave the issue unchecked with #Trumpcare
Thanks for the laugh Rob.  You will continue to serve your own best interests followed by whatever the GOP tells you to do.
So when is this town hall where you will be available to listen? #showmethetownhall
*unless I can help billionaires in New York
When is your next Ohio town hall, senator?
Thank you, @senrobportman. Please do NOT support the AHCA, which will hurt Ohioans, and make our opioid crisis worse.
What's best for Ohio is you sh*tcan the #AHCA and don't let Trump bugger with Obamacare.
Why do you refuse to hold a town hall meeting in Ohio? Because you're a fraud, a liar, and a coward.
Your actions show the complete opposite.
You don't care about the State of Ohio or its residents. You are in bed with the establishment and the Republican Party. Kasichlite!
How does slashing medicaid help Ohioans?
So you will be voting no on the "mean" ACHA  and vote to shore up subsidies for the ACA.
what will your contribution be to those "subsidies" if done?
People before Party.
Fix taxes, national security, drugs! Defund UN/Planned Parenthood/Welfare/Illegals! Shrink GOVT, stop wasting taxes! MAGA/DTS/USA#1 4EVER!
We have to look out for our fellow citizens who don't have the same access to healthcare. Kicking them off coverage is cruel.
coverage and care are not mutual...also, you're welcome to pay more to support them
I called to let you know that I do not think we should reduce Medicaid funding. The poverty line is 12k. What can you do with that?
Show us the bill.  #HealthcareBill @ohdems
what you believe is best...who the f*ck are you and who made you GOD? Ohio leads in heroin deaths...want to cut Medicaid???  #ShowUsTheBill
Hard to 'listen' to our concerns when you're crafting a health care bill in a back room.
We brought you 1400 stories from your constituents – are you going to read those?
If you're really sincere about this, you'll vote against the bad health care bill and push for a more bipartisan effort that helps Ohioans.
He's one of the men drafting the bill.
You are NOT listening to our concerns. You didn't respond to any of the questions that were asked. You simply talked in circles. #OH2DC
You work for us. We shouldnt have had to take a bus to D.C. for you to hear us. Open that backroom door; let the light in. We are watching.
Right – but you won't get time to a private meeting with you who traveled all the way to DC to see you.
Do what the people expect from you, no less.
Is it an honor to hear Ohioans cry out for information on your secret bill only to receive deafening silence? There is real worry out here.
...by hiding a health care bill crafted by you and 12 other white men that will be disastrous for Ohioans?
Is having a bill that sets up major tax cuts for the wealthy on the backs of Medicaid recipients, in the best interests of the state?
@ what income exactly do those cuts kick in? Truly curious?
"but I won't go as far as opposing secret legislation."
