Did you enjoy when he gave license to hate by rolling  out the victims of immigrant violence? Grow a pair and condemn him
What do you base this on? Americans murdering Americans is by far a bigger problem. Illegal aliens commit less than 1% of murders
White supremacists, anti-Semites, & other racial/religious hate groups are committing far more crimes than aliens, illegal or legal
Your tweet suggests that you might be a member of a hate group yourself.
.@senrobportman heard you say "I liked..." a lot.  Would be cool if you listened to what your constituents liked sometimes.  Town hall soon?
Don't strip ACA/Medicare/Medicaid, the president is a fu*cking nut, the new Muslim ban is not acceptable.  There, you have it
You should be ashamed (and you're seriously losing support at home). #InvestigateTrump #DoYourJob #FightForAmerica
Condolences to your loved ones.
We want an independent investigation in all of Trumps Russian ties. Also his conflicts. We vote here in Ohio!
Thanks for yr thoughts. Next time you're home I hope you will share them in person at a town hall with all your constituents.
How long will you remain silent while Trump and the Russians ruin this country? #wikileaks #Russians #Trump
do your job and fight for the arrest of Obama
Repubs & Dems need to work together to investigate Russia's connection with the WH. How about that?
did you like how 'precedencial' he was? Dems and Repubs working together just like the last 8 years? Reelection.
Not a single member of the GOP has any credibility until there's a through investigation of Trump Russia plus taxes exposed
We in Ohio know the devastation the RyanTrumpCare will bring. We urge you to vote NO!
If your videos are not offering closed captioning how can Deaf/HOH/autistic/etc. Ohioans who need it be able to view them?
What do you think about the careless and reckless he military leadership? Soldiers and civilians killed with zero intel.
Still think he's presidential after this weekend's tweets?
Don't you need to update now that calm Trump has once again been replaced by lying deranged Trump? #IndependentInvestigation @senrobportman
Please protect the ACA!
I hope it is true you want 2 help those on Medicaid avoid GOP healthcare. Thank you, as a poor disabled, who worked 40+ yrs
This needs more echo, please record all further videos in the bathroom.
How about your reaction to Steve King?  
What did I hear?  Nothing!
would you like to respond to the vile comments made by Congressman Steve King regarding restoring our civilization?
Everyone in my family works, but only a few get insurance through it. We need to protect medicaid!
Can all of you up in Washington. Just stop pretending he is normal!
now tell us why you're special again? why does congress get primo coverage and the rest of us get crap or nothing? hmmmmmmmm
Rob you've been beating the drum about drug addiction The you support RyanCare.  Actions speak louder than words. 
How long can you guys scramble to cover this crazy man's lie? It must be exhausting!
trump destroyed our good standing as main world power. You will pay (at the polls) for defending him. #wasters #us4sale
Do you "like the way" the President accused Obama of wiretapping with NO evidence? Please LEAD @senrobportman. Speak out! #OhioanAbroad
You may feel this is a party game. We feel he is the end of America.Stay with us...U.S.
What are you going to do tomorrow? Let him tweet lies that could charge someone with a crime? Or laugh it is just a tweet?
The only way to restore our position in the world is to impeach Trump!  He's made us a laughing stock. Are you proud now?
I'm embarrassed by anyone who continues to support Mr. Trump. Especially partisan politicians, like yourself.
how do you sleep at night saying one thing and voting to do the other. Do you think we are to stupid to notice?
Seriously. Do you care at all about your country or are you going to let this lunatic/conspiracy theorist destroy us?
RESIST or NO RE-ELECTION !!
You had the strength  to go against your party when you considered your son, sir. Why not when you consider our insane POTUS?
It is time for leadership. Our nation is being led by an insane megalomaniac.  Stop ignoring the elephant in the room.
I know you are a rino and traitor to Jeff S. DO YOU HAVE STONES TO INVEST OBAMA WIRETAP. HE IS BLACK AND A DEM. YOU GOAFT JS!
It WAS a lot of good words. I don't know if you read this, but I think you COULD be a good moderate; just #StandUpToTrump
I am one of your constituents. Please support our @POTUS and keep the momentum going. Be bold, be strong! #beboldforTrump
Did I hear Donald trump say time for petty fights to stop? Can you make him stop?
- You have to appoint an independent investigator for the Trump-Russia issue. This is out of hand and POTUS is acting crazy.
= Is this photo suppose to give us a clue at how you received President Trump.   So you're saying "ho reaction then" - dumb.
What are you going to do to save the Great Lakes?
Yes... focus on #taxreform #rebuildmilitary #bordersecurity
Sen. Portman, would you have confirmed Sen Sessions if you knew about the mtg w/Russian Amb?
It's all talk until you and GOP fund it. Oh wait, that level of funding requires a tax increase or military spend cut #math
reaction to @POTUS budget proposal to decimate #Greatlakes restoration? I'm extremely offended.
who cares
Way to go supporting our President. Anyone who doesn't would rather see Mexico winning rather than our own people. Traitors.
Most saying "not my president" are "not our residents".
Mr Portman, recusal is not enough!  Please put country before party and get to the bottom of this Russian breach!
You have no balls America is watching you.
@senrobportman
Read his speech. It was the same one he delivered at CPAC last week. He just changed his tone. Still no details or true facts
Trump=gaslight. He is a disgrace to our country.
Stop betraying AG Sessions.
Why do we need an ambassador to Russia when it's already here! rUsSiA
Stand down !! We don't need any RINO's playing along with a Democrat's games.. grow a pair and support #JeffSessions
#DoYourJob Investigate Flynn/Sessions/Russia ties! Or are you ok with their lying under oath? #DoYourJob
Sessions should recuse himself? Jeff Sessions should resign. He lied under oath. Did you when you took an oath 2 uphold const
hypocrisy of Dems/Repubs working together when you refuse town halls. FAIL
Social security? Medicare? Growing income disparity? Or how about drive towards an arms race & his ties to Russia? All fails.
Thanks Rob for coming out for Sessions to recluse himself. Nice!
Your votes on Trump's picks are starting to look bad for all. Think about it?
Don't care what your reaction is.  You voted for Betsy Devos and are devoid of judgement.  All I can do now is wait you out.
Please do the right thing & push for an inquiry into the Trump-Russia relationship. It's the right thing to do.
Please do the right thing!! The whole world is watching.
How about telling us how you feel about Session's? Make a video if you don't want to tell us. You know how.
Support a special prosecutor against Sessions & ind. comm. to investigate. Sessions must recuse himself. Take a stand!
connect ur phone!  There needs to be an investigation of Trump NOW!  #Trumprussia
What we need from you now is not a reaction to this performance but a stance on Sessions. Still a chance for you to stand up.
what is you reaction to learning Sessions LIED UNDER OATH about not having contact with Russia? #IndependentInvestigation
When will you be ready to stick up for Americans?
what is your reaction to Jeff sessions?
Completely in awe. Trump made it through a speech w/o meltdown or rambling off topic. Yay. #JointAddress #thelittlethings
Sessions contacted Russians too. How long can you look the other way ? This is a treasonous administration.
Respond to this...US AG is a criminal. Demand Jeff Sessions resign or recuse himself from any Russian invest. #growsomeballs
Comment on Sessions @senrobportman? Ready to put country over party yet?
how can cutting social spending help those with addiction and recovery? That takes money
Oh, just stop your lying.  We all know better than to believe any of you.
are your hand gestures to show how much BS was in the speech?
I can't even listen, I know you won't say "he lied so much the fact checkers couldn't keep up but he didn't yell or blather."
we have the best military!  Stop wasting the tax payer's money.
nice article in Politico- - ultimate DC insider good friends w/Pence? Voting you put next time! You R CORRUPT like them!
Tax reform for the rich. Trickle down doesn't work idiot. Galbraith was wrong. Wake up.
the outrage if Pres obama made any one similar statement would have dwarfed total GOP condemnation to date.
How does a $54 billion increase in military budget lead to a safer and more prosperous world? Sounds like more bombs to me.
@WhiteHouse Sen. 1 quasi coherent speech does not mean DJT is sane or fit. Please put country 1st. Hold this POTUS accountabl
Same bs! #Democrats aren't gonna work w/u. @realDonaldTrump is bubble pumper-doing opposite of what he should
nice article in Politico . You don't represent US in Ohio. You are awful man!
will you approve of an independent investigation into Trump's ties with Russia?
Why do you sound like a particularly pungent pile of, whats the word I'm looking for?
@WhiteHouse Congress must review Trump's taxes... I care!
Portman makes more than his Senate Salary!  He's been a real disappointment for the great state of Ohio!!!
Speaking of Tax Reform...where r the President's taxes?
@frenchfortrump Well said, sir. I pray you can continue your fight( & be heard)against human trafficking. 
@frenchfortrump 
i knew he d be great! I love my new president!
I am so sorry I voted for you
actions speak louder than words, and his actions and your support contradict his speech on so many point! To hell with u both
One good speech does not change who he is. Fact check parts of his speech. Still misleading. Not buying it.
@WhiteHouse just because 45 reads a speech he's now normal. Just wait till he reverts back to the evil 45 He's still a facist
alright you like a speech.  Now come have a town hall with your constituents.
Why are there no supportive comments here or FB? They can't all be dems! Wake up!
#shame do not use portrait for videos! And get to a quiet corner. #NotAesthetic #grumble
health care is a right for the American people!! Wealthy need to pay fair share! Investigate Russia. Town Hall needed!!
@WhiteHouse Drain the Swamp... Portman is part of the problem in DC
Porty has no testicles!
@WhiteHouse Drain the Swamp... Portman is a worthless traitor, hates Veterans
What do you think about the Pres referring to clean water the same day he ordered the EPA to roll back clean water regs?
You are looking less American every day, sir.
stands for Russian interference in America's election, Russian collusion, Highest elected office exploited for profiteering.
We know what Trump said so we really don't need your speech.
You would.
trump's very good about SAYING things. Too bad they're all lies. But pls keep supporting him & alienating your constituents.
did you pick up the 50sih lies he told in those 60 minutes? I urge to side with country over party while trump is in office.
We would love to discuss this with you, especially where you are going to get funding for the increased military. #TownHall
Reminder: your position is to LIKE WHAT YOUR CONSTITUENTS HAVE TO SAY.  #StandUpToTrump
#investigatetrump #trumprussia Do Your Job
I have no credibility since you took a bribe from Betsy DeVos
Devos still owes the state of OHO 5.2 million.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
@WhiteHouse Thank You! Speak out for those of us NOT out Burning dwn America ! Thank You! Thank You!
We've taken legal action demanding to see documents related to the President's conflicts of interest.
We'll give you a C+ for that presentation Rob.
Too bad you don't know what your people want because you didn't have a town hall. #doyourjob
Keep it to yourself.
@KazmierskiR So can you FINALLY have the GUTS to SUPPORT him????!!!!!
Guts and Portman in the same conversation. Seems unlikely
@WhiteHouse stooge!
@Tea4Freedom Next time please put some America Excitement in it 
@WhiteHouse boring
Couldn't OH get a law 4 mandatory inpatient treatment, before JAIL? Wouldn't it be more fiscally prudent 2 taxpayers?
My nephew who was addicted to heroine begged for help. He only received it after he hurt someone & robbed him. 1/2
@WhiteHouse can you PLEASE audit the govt contractors who don't carry CGL & allow their GMs to bloat TOs can't stay on budget
@WhiteHouse
@WhiteHouse VOTE HIM OUT!
@WhiteHouse I guess clean air and water mean nothing to you people
@WhiteHouse please vote against any tax info requests. They are going to look for impeachment in everything he says or does.
@WhiteHouse increase the military. many other places to cut costs. We didn't need to spend millions to message bunnies.
@WhiteHouse we still DO NOT have insurance due to Obamacare! I've had cancer once. Now no ins. to keep clear of it at 43.
@WhiteHouse Can't Porty get an intern or someone to tie his tie for him?
@WhiteHouse as one of your constituents, you bet he was great. Exactly covered why i voted for him
Oh please stop! Everytime Trumps makes it through a speech without going off script repubs praise him. So fake!
@WhiteHouse sucks
You and the republican rules committee a disgrace to the oath you swore to... !
@LindaSuhler thank you for going beyond party lines and giving the president a chance
Beyond party lines? They're both republicans. There's not a party line to cross.
we can't tell anymore who is Reb
@WhiteHouse HE MADE THE CASE FOR AMERICA!! So proud 
@WhiteHouse
@LindaSuhler Much respect for you Mr. Portman
@WhiteHouse the left has one plan, obstruct. Maga, the voters have spoken, get it done. Great vision tonight POTUS.
Kinda like the repubs' plan from day one in 2009, eh?
So why increase the military if he is just focusing on the US?
to make sure we are ready for an invasion of it happens
Invasion from who we already have the largest military in the world?
Weren't you one of those #NeverTrump guy's?
