#IAmAPreExistingCondition Senator, represent your constituency and vote "NO" on the revised healthcare bill.
How about some coffee with your constituents.  I'll buy.
Anyway we can hear about what was talked about in these good discussions on #healthcare?
He always says this, but we never get any hint of what was said to him during these "good discussions" Wonder why?
I think it's because he's a bot.
Trump campaign was eager to seek help from Russian gov't. No big deal, eh...?!?! Trade w/ Russia is OK, but their hands in our election NOT!
RepJordan's rude,over-talking, broken record behavior w/Stewart CNN7/13 was an embarrassment to me as OH resident.Demeaning & disrespectful.
Fraud.
Senator, your vote needs to still be "No" since you are representing us.
.@senrobportman, 129,236 constituents would see their deductibles rise from $1,630 to $6K. 268% increase. http://familiesusa.org/ohio-repeal-deductibles-skyrocket#sthash.CZPitxfa.uxfs …
You seem to be missing your integrity. I want to live. Risk pools DO NOT WORK! #SaveACA Kill the bill, not Ohioans
Two words: town hall.
Don't let McConnell buy your vote with money for opioid crisis. We need to keep extended Medicaide and Medicaide for all Ohioans. Vote no.
IS PORTMAN REALLY THAT MEAN, CRUEL, AND GREEDY. If he votes for Trumpcare how many Ohioans will die? Will that be Portman's legacy? CRIMINAL
Please vote NO.
Paid healthcare = JOBS for Sandusky County, Ohio.  Protect our care, Sen. Portman. #voteNO
What was discussed, Senator? How about you share your ideas with your constituents in a public town hall?! Or is that not done anymore..?
When is the Town Hall?
When will you put people over party?
protect your voters, please vote no on the HC bill
Yes you don't discuss your views with your constituents nor hold town halls.  Why not?  We're waiting?
Anyone mention Trump and Russia? You have an opinion on that yet?
Listening is great Senator, but can you start standing up for us? Your boss committed treason, and @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan are complicit.
Don't forget Pence and his falsehoods.
Is this the same #buckeyecoffee as last weeks photos? #townhall needed to hear #buckeye constituents
Please don't take healthcare from millions of people to give a huge tax cut to the 1%.
how can you tell your constituents that Trumpcare is the best for the nation when you will not be using the same insurance? how can you
say it's good for the nation but it doesn't take full affect until after elections? This is cowardly & an affront to those who you work for
https://www.facebook.com/JeffersoncountyOhio …
Senator, where do you stand on this Healthcare bill?
Senator, please don't turn your back on the poor and disabled - esp veterans. Vote NO on the GOP healthcare bill. Thank you.
How about you hold a town hall instead of having secretive "good discussions"?
Don't forget the #GOP #HealthcareBill will harm constituents. DRs/RNs call. Tell him why. http://HouseCallsCampaign.org  can help. @senrobportman
Vote NO on AHCA
You know the #BRCA is awful. Put constituents & country over partisan politics and VOTE NO. This is about OUR LIVES. #HealthCare #ACA
Why no mention of Russia? What are you going to do about it? Will you be a patriot or a traitor? Your choice! Ready....Go!
Here's another idea, ACTUALLY listen to us instead of watching our lips move.
Healthcare and Russia's infiltration in US politics are the two most critical issues we face. Stand strong against a rushed healthcare bill!
So to actually talk with our senator, we have to be able to get to DC? How does that help most of your constituents?

Trump is a problem for our national security!  Take a stand on his collusion with Russia!!!!
Please remember that you must put our country before your party. Now is the time and history will remember where you stood.
Vote NO on Trumpcare!  Fix the ACA!!!
But have those discussions influenced you in any way or will you still put party over state and sell us out over partisanship?
Healthcare Snap can use same architecture as food Snap. Also would be on open, free market. ~$300 billion per year. Better than Medicaid
Wonder how Rob will vote?https://twitter.com/funder/status/885136669921423360 …
Mr Wray works for the law firm that represents Trump
#Breaking Research: Christopher Wray's given money to 4 GOP Senators that would be voting for him:

Perdue-Isakson-McCain-Portman

…
You are more concerned about taking healthcare from poor people than you are about treason. Unreal.
Same shit. Different day. 
Wash. Rinse. Spin. Repeat.
Did any of those health care ideas include having hearings prior to voting to have 22M more uninsured Americans?
@senrobportman @SenateMajLdr So we have 100s of billions to spend on ppl who knowing use illegal drugs.. & forget old folks on Medicare?
One person one vote-corporations are NOT people-remember that!
Please do not "throw the baby out with the bath water!" There are good things to preserve in the ACA. Start amending it, not scrapping it!!!
Selective listening feeds   #DemocracyDeathSpiral.     Meet w/your hospitals.  Meet with your Nurse Assoc; Meet with your churches.
Health Care VOTE NO on Senate Bill
Security Investigate & take action on Trump/Russia
Thank you for listening, Senator!
Wonder how Rob will vote?
#Breaking Research: Christopher Wray's given money to 4 GOP Senators that would be voting for him:

Perdue-Isakson-McCain-Portman

…
Here's an idea, Medicare for all, vote no on #Trumpcare
Single Payer.
As reg. Reps ourselves, and as our senator, we encourage you to vote no on any Trump/McConnell proposal. Show your integrity and compassion.
I'm sure it was a liberal meeting
is one the biggest supporters in Congress of treasonous so-called president @realDonaldTrump! 

#PortmanRussia
will you be discussing healthcare in your health subcommittee?
SAY SOMETHING ABOUT RUSSIA AND THE IDIOT POTUS
Are you hearing us Sen Portman? We don't want Trumpcare. It is bad for Ohioians!
wants to steal healthcare from MILLIONS of Americans to give TAX CUTS to the RICH (including himself)!!! #KeepCalling
Now imagine the ideas that could be shared if you hosted a public town hall.
Vote to repeal/reform and eliminate Medicaid expansion.
