Sending 4,000 more troops to an endless 16 year war isn't making out country safer.
Someone once mentioned that the decisions POTUS makes may be similar to Obumas but greater when he makes them, I agree.
If you want to make America safer you will act to remove this scourge from the White House.  You cowards
Disgraceful lies from Trump. And, you are just as bad. Sending your boys to fight?
WE ARE SAFE continuing to war is what makes us more and more unsafe by the day.
POTUS' Afghanistan strategy? Hahahahahahahaha
What did you think? Fighting to win, and win we will do! Just fund this until...ever or I tell you but no plan. It's a secret. WTH 
It won't we will be in more danger
Shhhhhh!  It's a secret 
Yes, we'd like to hear a real plan. Please, don't coddle this President.
Follow the $$ Sen Portman. The 5 time draft dodger that's obsessed w/war knows nothing else.
I'll wait with unbated breath, in the meantime, grow a spine, dude
I wholeheartedly concur with J's statement. Time to turn from the $$ machine and turn fully back to the people.
And I'm looking forward to Thor:Ragnarok, and they both are about as believable.
We will drain the swamp
Obviously you are in this for you and the party. Otherwise you would admit Trump is very bad for this country.
president Trump  had a tuff week but he handled it. Alot can be said for Trump's ability to take on tuff situations head-on
Maybe he should have told the public last night. He said literally nothing. All he did was prove he can read. Our military deserves better.
Protect us from what?   Will you find out who's going to get richer too?? #PeopleOverProfits. We need a peace economy
Lapdog!
Looking forward 2 elections. We want smarter, cooler headed team 2 run our country. We may have to wait to get u out, but out u will go
#CensureTrump #Censure
It's the unspecified number of troops being put in harm's way for an unspecified objective who are stepping up to the plate, big time https://twitter.com/foxnews/status/899831073642774528 …
Old man seeking a different news cycle from his disasters  sending young who can't get jobs, sent as war fodder for an unwinable war.
Dumpy refused to go five times because he's a coward. Yet wants to send our children..   HELL NO WE MOTHERS ARE SICK OF GIVING OUR KIDS TO
WAR WHEN YOU WON'T SEND YOURS  DYMPTYS TWO BOYS LOVE TO KILL TRAPPED ENDANGERED ANIMALS SEND TGEM TO DIE
it won't..   Put his five kids on the front line.   Two of the already like to kill trapped endangered animals and pregnant prairie dogs
Yeah.. HOW is that? Not answered thus far
It won't we all know this. It hasn't for a long time yet here we are.
So would we Senator. That plan was very vague.
https://twitter.com/MiekeEoyang/status/899999129773985792 …  will it?
When Trump invited India to play a larger role in Afghanistan, he pissed off Pakistan. Why does that matter? Look at our supply lines: 
what strategy...there was no strategy given by orange dbag last night! How about #ImpeachTrump instead?
The president offered no info on the exit strategy. How can we commit more money and lives without knowing the end point?
our POTUS is a very smart man. I trust in Sec.Tillerson/Mattis and their ability to advise POTUS military matters in the ME
I look forward to the day you grow a pair and do something about the insane orange guy on Pennsylvania Ave.
Is this sarcasm?
Good luck
It's part of our 30 year nation building plan!
Yeah. Me too. And it's the day after Donnie's lil' talk.
What if it won't make America safer? Spoiler alert! It won't.
Do your job, Senator. You hold the purse. You can stop this idiocy.
It won't make us safer, war never does. Breeds hate, hopelessness which leads to future terrorists .
Looking forward to you growing a spine and stop supporting this abominable administration.
Becus congress needs to approve any future escalation ! Or did you forget that part of oversight responsibility?
Your apparent respect for "POTUS" will your downfall. #ImpeachTrump #DoYourJob
You're going to be waiting a looong time for that answer. #NoMoreWar
And then maybe your constituents at a town hall?
You're all so accustomed to lying it's easy to listen to his speech tonight and "look forward" to something. You're a disgrace.
Do you have stock in Lockheed Martin,BAE Systems, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, General Dynamics? Why support the war machine? Rebuild America!
We're looking forward to learning what exactly IS the Afgan strategy. Just saying we have one doesn't clarify what it is. Typical Trump.
Like @POTUS has a strategy that doesn't involve golf, nazis or staring directly into the sun. You're a joke. #VotePortmanOut
@realDonaldTrump is not capable of leading the way out of a paper bag. He is a danger & threat to America #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow



A commitment to ‘win’ is not a clear strategy, and our troops on the ground in Afghanistan deserve more. -SB 
I think it's time for Congress to do their job when it comes to declaring war, don't you? Reign in unconstitutional presidential powers.
I can save you time, Senator! It won't!
That's bullshitting and you know it. The 16 years over there has not made us safer it's just caused more hatred of the united states
So you don't trust @realDonaldTrump either? Why can't you just come out & say that? Can we talk about what you'll do to stop racism now?
Oh that was so last week, Dan!
I think you know it, & it happens to occur when his approval ratings are hitting lows.

Remember when Trump blamed Obama for same plan?
Trump Tool.
Yeah, because you certainly didn't get it from @realDonaldTrump
More?  Need to hear DOMETHING, before you hear more.
Is there anything more chickenshit then a fat old man who took military deferments talking tough about military action
They can make it great by moving to Russia!
Please ask tillerson to fill the open diplomatic positions at state.
you mean, hearing from them about what the strategy actually is?
because POTUS didn't do it
Let's hear more from them and let's hear nothing from Erik Prince, war profiteer.
AreUserious he was cheering on the KKK that killed a young lady  RUkidding me that just happened&her family is still mourning
This is yet another distraction from his disgraceful week as Potus! #ChiefFlipFlopper
You better stand with @POTUS
I'm sorry but think this rushed through decision to quickly change the political climate. And that's sad. At what cost?
Obama already tried that same strategy and we're here  now.   Look to history...and you'll see how it works out.
America is safe.
Heres a preview
We can't WIN this war the Taliban will always remain n their home, this is not winnable  we haven't WON WARS since WWII let AFG fight it
Trump will flip flopping this "strategy" in very near future. To expect coherence from him is naive.
Hahaha Right, you don't trust Trump either.
There was no strategy. It's a secret because he likes element of surprise.
New boy band.
Erik Prince and the Mercenaries.
That's how.

The "president" simply being the "president" makes America less safe. He doesn't understand strategies, plans, the military, or government.
Or words. Hopefully we'll all heel. Lol
You spelled, puppet masters, wrong
Huh? By inciting race rioting? Leaving the Paris Agreement? Building a wall? Promoting your own winery in Charlottesville? COME ON ROB
I hope you get more than Trump's speech, which was short on policy, some bravado & lets refuel distrust between Pakistan & India.
Here's the punch line, Rob, it won't. Please, for the love of God, bring our troops home. End the pointless war in #Afghanistan
Me too
Ha!
Why do you still act as though the "president" is capable of creating a strategy, comprehension, telling the truth, or anything, really?
How many troops?  How many!
He has no end game plan Rob.  And you know it.
But now it's "Trump's War" and by default @NRSC @HouseGOP own it too. Right, Rob?
After candidate Trump ran a pro-torture campaign praising war crimes, @senrobportman endorsed him.
Since there was literally zero detail offered by @realDonaldTrump
