Can't wait until you're voted out, Rob. You're completely out of touch and owned by special interests. Buh bye!
Healthcare is urgent. Tax cuts for poor & middle class will help. Tax raise will not kill the billionaires, they got rich off the system.
It takes 32 years to count 1 billion dollars. It takes me a minute to count what is in my wallet.
Nope trump has done nothing ... good luck
Don't be in such a rush to give tax breaks to the rich
dreamer
[dree-mer] 
noun
1.Someone who voted for @realDonaldTrump, thinking he would keep his promises on immigration.
Portman - Why didn't you disclose that Betsy DeVos gave you $51,000 in campaign contributions as a reason you voted for her? Slimy, Rob.
This is just talk from you. You always end up supporting corporate America.
Anyone passing #taxreform should have their income taxes released BEFORE any tax changes! #trump
Non action by HOP will equal change on 2018.
Until POTUS shows us his taxes, #Republicans have no credibility on this, Senator. #taxreform #OH #ohio
Well that's crap. Ohio property taxes are high 8k on modest hours. Plus RITA and state and 7.75 sales. Stop trickling from rich doesn't help
to the prez. Any win is crucial. Most non productivity presidency in a hundred years.
The proposed tax reform will take money from the middle class and give to the wealthy. Trickle down economics doesn't work.
You better not fail, the American people are only going to be so patient! You already failed on Obamacare that's strike one!
You really do seem to agree with POTUS on everything. Such loyalty Senator - but does it work for the people of Ohio?
#TaxCutsForTheRich is only urgent to the people writing you big fat campaign checks.
#CorruptGOP
We all know you are smarter than this. Tax Reform=Tax Cuts Not Jobs. Raise Min wage, support unions, Infrastructure Bill (Not privatization)
know what's more urgent? Passing the DREAM Act for those 800,000 DACA kids.
Bet it would be considered urgent if YOU couldn't have a bank account. 
You've created ANOTHER group VERY angry @ U
The tax reforms will primarily help corporations and the wealthy and not the middle class. Tax corporations and the wealthy.
Your wealthy donors need a tax break in a hurry?   How thoughtful of you to accommodate  them.
Portman - The ENVIRONMENT is the big issue, not tax cuts for your pals at the corporations.
You mean the Make Rob Portman's Donors Even Richer Bill of 2017? What a devoted public servant you are.
But what he wants isn't reform. So I call BS on this tweet. Simplify taxes for expats. THAT would be reform. #DAResists #Quityourjobrob
Urgent is two states devastated by hurricanes with more in the path. We're 20 trillion in debt and you want to cut revenue. Genius.
Trickle down didn't work under Reagan. it won't work now. You know that. You are all about tax cuts for the 1%.  Stop lying to the public.

Will be voting you out for this
Cool. You agree with an idiot about economic policy (trickle down) that has never worked as sold. Tax the rich, fund the middle class.
So if we cut taxes right now, where's that #FEMA relief coming from?
NO to #TaxReform.  #hurricanerelief and #DACA are most urgent at this time.
Lowering taxes on the rich cratered the economy under Reagan AND Bush.  No more voodoo economics!!
No, sir, it is not.  Tax cuts for wealthy should not be your priority.  Addressing climate change is critical.  Please, WAKE UP ROB.
Why do you want to #RobthePoor to give more tax cuts to the rich?
And to give The billionaire Club more tax breaks??? I don't think so.. vote no
Rob, how about depoliticizing FEMA.  Dem counties in Florida denied FEMA coverage
But NOT by giving tax cuts to the wealthy corporate (rep donor class) Trickle down greed-o-nomics doesn't work. Don't pretend otherwise PLS
HEALTHCARE for all Rob!  That will help the middle class!
You aren't going to help middle-class and you know it. You are going to help the rich. You are a con man!
Still working for your rich donors I see. Too bad you don't represent middle and working class.
Of course you are, how about agreeing with the people you are supposed to represent.
Right.... it didn't happen with Reagan so doubtful it will happen now.  Just more taxes on middle class!
Rob please us the world the jobs the past tax cuts to 1% created. Where are they Rob? Oops! None were created ! NO MORE TAX CUTS !!!
wrong!   Keep AMT. keep Estate tax.   No big tax cuts for wealthy.  Invest in reconstruction.  Re appropriate the 1.5b wall &
Why are you not holding Trump accountable for all the businesses he's gotten into since the election?  Are you as corrupt as he is?
Republicans are liars. Lead by liars. They crave the Media Love. Not their base
"I agree w/ @POTUS " -How to Not Get Re-Elected, a memoir by @senrobportman
#NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReforms Unless #45 reveals tax returns as promised in campaign;NO TAX REFORM.Must know how#45 benefits @HouseDemocrats
Doesn't cutting taxes for corporations when there are natural disasters in literally every corner of the US feel a *bit* irresponsible?
No tax cuts till we see Trump's tax returns! We need to know how he'll benefit.
Help help the middle class??? Then don't vote to rip away the health insurance!!!!!
Trickle down economics = piss on the 99%
Sorry Rob giving tax breaks to the top 1% is not needed. Stop hiding behind Donald Trump. Stand up for something!!!
Trickle down didn't work on Reagan's era, it never works. You are all talk. Hurricane care, healthcare, human care are needed #justice
Loyalty to those donors will be the end of u. You will go away and so will they. But I guess ur stuck. Bought and paid for. Milktoast.
What drivel. Our govt is not there for us in this way. Politicians will only make themselves & their friends richer - b/c they can.
I don't get how corporate tax breaks and roll backs on the top 1% are really going to help me......but way to sell it to the middle class.
Make America great again! Go back to the taxes from the 1950s 60s.
Shut up. His golfing & hotels r more important 2 him
do you agree with POTUS that's there's an opioid crisis? Well how's that government plan coming?
So your millionaire donors need another tax break? Trickle down DOES NOT HELP MOST OF US!!! Your lack of compassion & wisdom is stunning.
No tax cuts for wealthy!!!!!
Urgent? Fix ACA, that is what we need. Your tax reform will not create new jobs, it will not help the working class. Show us Trump's taxes.
Robby you would agree with Trump if he took a big dump in the middle of the oval office and called it a masterpiece. Rob the GOP puppet boy.
I know you are wealthy and want the tax cut for that reason. I know it won't in any way help the middle class! You're failing constituents.
Do you agree with him that we are the highest taxed nation despite all evidence to the contrary?
Urgent to give the rich more money? How about RAISING the tax rate for the elite? Like when there was a REAL middle class? Wake up Rob!
The middle class needs help? Rob, how about the lower class? Don't they deserve a helping hand?
No. 
He needs to show us his tax returns.
No tax cut for the wealthy.
Take care of your Ohio people, not your wealth hoarders.
Remember Rob....  MIDDLE CLASS not your rich donors !!!!!!!!!!!
Possibly tax reform. However not urgent. Needs lots of sunshine b4 passage. Much else to prioritize in next few months.
Really? Tax cuts during war led to huge deficits. Tax cuts right after extreme weather disasters would have the same effect.
#taxreform needed
Major help to 9 million U.S. middle class overseas being double taxed by the U.S. & with formageddon  .@OrrinHatch
God, you're unbelievable. You really need to fire your PR person. Do you read any of the responses you get about this crap?
I agree too! Put them back to where they were in the late 50's when the 1% re invested their money in business to avoid high taxes
No the heck it isn't! @POTUS and you want tax breaks for the blood sucking rich and want to call it tax reform.
So, you're going to give the middle class the tax breaks, right? Since we will spend that extra money to stimulate the economy, right?
Urgent is you resigning..That would really help the people of Ohio.
Really - you agree with POTUS?  Not news to your constituents who know you always agree with POTUS.  Get a spine and do what is right.
People are experiencing natural disasters.  No one wants to hear about making members of Congress richer.
he HAS created jobs.  Just look at all the lawyers hired for him and his family.  

Time for you to go!

Since Truman twice as many jobs have been created during Democrats' administrations.
Pretty good sample size that your ideas DON'T WORK ROB!
Rob Portman's interns are tweeting about tax reforms that will actively hurt them.
It's 2017 and the GOP is still a thing.
You don't have to keep talking after "I agree w/@POTUS"
Also...why no response to your constituents? Is your lying ass intern that answers the phone in DC telling your lies doing this? #Liar
I have no respect for you and I don't believe anything you say I will never vote for you again
You're as big of a clown as he is! #PhotoOpRob wants to rob the middle class blind! When is the town hall? Tax cuts for the 1% don't work!
No way - let's talk Dreamers, hurricane relief, sexual assault/Title IX, and a host of other issues.  Tax "reform" for the wealthiest? No.
Stop with the trickle down economics already! It doesn't work, and everyone knows this. You just want to give your rich donors a tax cut.
You aren't paying attention. There are lots of jobs--we need a $15 min wage for TODAY's jobs.Automation took the old jobs. #medicare4all
So is CHIP and healthcare Rob!
As I've told Pat Tiberi, your Twitter messages are to an uninformed, tribal audience with blind loyalty. Twitter users are not those people.
More trickle down tax policy.  If so, so, Senator, are pushing a disproven policy.  One that has hurt the middle class since Reagan .
The time for pulling punches is over. Your party is complicit in treason, environmental destruction, financial crimes, and malfeasance.
Senator: care to share some evidence that tax cuts create jobs and/or increase wages?
He can probably show evidence tax cuts help his personal bank account
This tweet is pandering to Trump as if you support him. If you were a true patriot, you'd be seeking impeachment articles. You're a traitor.
We have been practicing R tax policy for 30 years and gotten us stagnant wages and smaller middle class.
Not urgent. You will make no friends if you agree with Trump. No tax cuts for the 1%. Trickle down doesn't work.
More lies, Portman. Nothing is more urgent than hurricane relief, Dream Act, budget, and protection of our elections from foreign attack.
@senrobportman 1. You always agree with @POTUS  1. Trump tax reform does absolutely nothing for the middle class. When will you learn?
So is repealing Obamacare but we all now know where you stand on that, make as much $ as you can from lobbyists you won't be reelected.
Yeah sure ya do Robbie!! Give all the $$$to the 1%...#crookedtrump
Quit joking. We all know that will never happen.
you already have a job
OHHHH, yah, that's right... the guys that pay into PAC's want THEIR 'subsidized' congressmen to CUT 1%'s TAXES AGAIN
Tax reform, yes. Tax reform as tax cuts, drop dead.
Except this tax reform you are referring to doesn't help the middle class.  Tax breaks to corps don't trickle down to the employees, ever
Let's pretend #POTUS45 is presidential & not an enfant terriblé racist #birther
Giving more money to the wealthy never creates jobs unless you live in China.
Urgent is the need to find out why the admin. Is systematically dismantling govt agencies. Urgent is protecting our democracy & voter rights
Don't cut millionaires taxes. We have much to invest in for the future prosperity of our country. Cut taxes on the middle class = good 4Econ
Stop talking and tweeting about tax reform and do something!!!! Action speaks louder than words!!!!!
Hi, @SenRobPortman - #TaxReform so urgent that you're going to try & cram through horrible bill while millions literally dealing w/disaster?
Tax reform isn't urgent. Trickle down economics also doesn't work.
No way! Not until we see his tax returns!
But you MUST raise taxes on the rich. Period.
Of course you agree with him. You seem terrified not to.
Urgent for the rich, I guess? Or urgent b/c you've done nothing else? We know you and tRump's tax reform will not help low/mid income fams.
High five 

Rob, trickle down economics doesn't work! We've known this since Reagan! Only works for you as lobbyists give you money to vote their way!
Yes. Rich people desperately need more money. Climate change only screws the poor 
No surprise you agree with POTUS you have misled hard working Ohioans badly. Please Ohioans vote these people out and vote for progressives
giving breaks to the rich never helped the middle class or the poor. It stays with the rich
Xing taxes for the wealthy=unfair & ignores soc justice issues, systemic racism & ignores the fact those manufact jobs are not coming back.
Urgent for whom? Billionaires who already weasel out paying what they owe?
And how do we fund the $150+ billion for hurricane relief?
Notice he never says anything back?  Bet his Tweets are bots.
Man has no spine.
Vote this prick out.
Trump's Day Care Toddler Buddy.
It is awful that you are tweeting this during a devastating hurricane. Have some empathy, dudes. It's not all about you.
It is his bot #BotPortman
U WOULD AGREE ON ANYTHING TRUMP SAYS U AN HIM WANT TO TAKE AWAY HEALTHCARE HOLD A TOWN HALL
Get specific. Please. Tax reform is urgent but history leads me to believe republican lead tax reform is only going to benefit the wealthy
You're right to be concerned. Some in Congress trying to cram in bad bills while voters distracted by disasters:

https://t.co/ayAEaM5251?amp=1
On the bus with Trump, you see an opportunity to grab tax/reg breaks for the wealthy while nation is in a state of disaster & distraction.
Trumps tax reform would benefit his family and friends. Middle and lower classes barely affected. What about your fellow Ohioans?
If the wealthy are not struggling to feed their family or get medical needs they are doing better then most in Ohio. Help us!
The only thing congress knows what to do ASAP is take Vacations
Urgent? Really? Why?!
WTF is wrong with the single-minded #gop?
There are MORE pressing issues at hand than helping cut rich ppl taxes. FFS!
making the rich richer has never helped the middle class. Could you consider helping your constituents rather than your donors, please?
Why, what does the middle class do for Rob?
 Welcome to Trump's America where the only ppl helped by gov't are ones who need xtra millions
Urgent? Tax "Reform" is not urgent. What is urgent is relief for those suffering in Houston and Florida.
Houston, Florida, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands*
You would agree you spineless partisan hack
stop agreeing with him and impeach him now.
Tax reform from the Republicans has always benefited the upper echelon.   What reform will help Ohioans outside of that @senrobportman ?
The last time you agreed with @POTUS you voted for a bill that would have hurt 32 million Americans...and you hoped it would not pass.
What companies guaranteed they would increase their work force once you reduce their taxes?
He won't answer, but my guess is a big, fat zero!  Even if they did, can't trust them. Incentives run out, they're gone! #fightfor15
Agreed. Portman is a Trump crony and will be at his feet voting against Ohioans best interest.
Rob enables liars in gov't, refuses to hold town hall meetings, & isn't worthy of our trust:
When have you ever not agreed with @POTUS? Not when he was being racist. Not when he was being sexist. Not when he profits from his office.
