Senator Portman, when you re-enter reality, no one will notice or care. Embracing political fiction buys you a one-way ticket to obscurity
For a LIFETIME appointment they should be able to meet the 60 vote threashold. This is pure partisan BS for stealing The seat from Obama WH!
redefines bipartisanship
What happened to Merrick Garland?
Thanks for the civics lesson. However, that is NOT what just happened.#stolenSCOTUS
All of you sound immature Garland wasn't nominated and remember Reed changed the rules . Speak rationally
garland deserved to be heard. I hope this comes back to haunt the gop, swiftly.
@senrobportman Then why not work to get a bipartisan nominee? Your actions do NOT match your words. #Ohio is TIRED of the blame game.
The seat wasn't stolen it was filled fairly based on Reeds Rule change
UNTIL REPUBLICANS REFUSED TO EVEN VITE ON ONE FOR A YEAR. WHATS WITH THAT???!!!
You just torpedoed that. Don't even try for the high ground.
Unfortunately the Republicans only care about party over country and say screw tradition. No hearing for one change the rules for another.
Your hypocrisy speaks volumes.  You do not believe in bipartisanship.  #VoteNoOnPortman
LIAR
Tradition like actually voting on a nominee; like not changing the rules to fit your desires? #idonotthinkyouknowthemeaningofthisword
Saddened by your vote @senrobportman POTUS should be able to find a nominee that can get 60 votes.
Shame...
Merrick Garland x 100
So why not vote on Garland? Hypocrisy.
You failed to do your job last year and voted to change the rules this year to seat a justice that will take care of your wealthy donera.
I expect better behavior from a Senator. I expect you to represent the people of Ohio, not the GOP, not those billionaire donors. For shame!
You cannot revise history.  You were NOT acting in a bipartisan manner when you refused to hear Garland. So disappointed in you.
Nothing bipartisan about this!Changed the rules to make something that shouldn't be,be.tables turn and u might not like what u have done.
When can we expect a public Townhall to talk about all the wonderful things you're doing to take us back to a bygone era #RESISTANCE
One word for you....
.@senrobportman Agree, sir. THAT is why the @SenateGOP should have only approved a consensus candidate!!
Hypocrit! You refused to do your Constitutional duty for 10 months. Bye bye next election cycle!
You are a TOTAL FAILURE TO YOU'RE #CONSTITUENTS AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
The bipartisan tradition of the Senate is to actually hold votes for nominees #MerrickGarlandsSeat #PartisanStooge
So what exactly happened with #Garland? That seemed like a very partisan solution you and your whinning counterparts of the #gop came to.
My goal as a citizen is to vote to take back the house senate and potus.
No. The bipartisan tradition has been NOT to steal SCOTUS seats from sitting presidents. GOP won't be Sen. Majority forever. We're watching.
Every day. Every vote. You are establishing a legacy. How will you feel about it even 10 years from now?  What do you really value?
The GOP is showing its inability to unite our country. We needed a new nominee that both sides could support, not a rule change. Pathetic
disgraced our #foundingfathers today sir #Shame
of 60 votes you ruined the fundamental foundation created by George Washington. #foundingfathers
It would have been nice bipartisan actions to at least try Obama's pick. Don't complain now.
GOP won election but still haven't heard message - STOP THE PARTY POLITICS. Grow up.Rule change only promotes future partisan politics.
The bipartisan tradition of the senate has been to hold hearings and a vote on the SCOTUS nominee! #MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland was an exemplary judge and your party did not even interview him. Now you try to justify ramming Neil Gorsuch through.
Well then, you shouldn't have filibustered Garland for a year! You reap what you sow, cry-baby!
How can you support a simple majority after supporting your partys treatment of Garland?Do you ever do what is right in spite of your party?
Your statement reveals the GOP's hypocrisy. To maintain that bipartisan tradition of majority votes then change the nominee, not the rules.
Had you been bipartisan... Merrick Garland would have gotten the hearing he deserved.  #StolenSeat
that is Super Majority 60 votes Any nominee worth his salt gets far more.  Republicans will wish they stayed with 60 rule.
if a candidate can not get 60, they have no business on the high court.
Shame on you and your party
Nice try, you can spin it all you want. I will see you at the ballot box and vote you out. The Senate's rule change action is a disgrace
Really?  Is that what happened to Merrik Garland?  Because I don't remember that vote.
The new tradition is to just to rely on partisan majorities. The Senate should value genuine dialog and consensus-building. Disappointing.
sounds like a nice tradition... going nuclear... my favorite tradition
You are on the wrong side of history...
You broke tradition by refusing to give Garland a fair up or down vote. You are a tool of big money and couldn't care less for Ohioans.
Oh please. Your words ring hollow in the wake of #merrickGarland
how about you also take some ownership? Going to vote all of you out, both sides of the aisle. Got it?!
Thanks for ruining the Senate
Your lack of intelligence is alarming. You reap what you sow.
The bipartisan tradition of the Senate has been to advise and consent on ALL Supreme Court nominees.  Merrick Garland?
Are you...Big Brother? I love the news speak.
Sir you have now set a irreversible precedent for non- negotiations. SAD SAD. we will remember
Was it the best action for the United States of America? My heart is . My country in crisis. And GOP is complicit.
Your constituents do not forget. We have the power of our votes. You may have  until 2020, but that gives us time to plan.
Two hundred years of tradition thrown out for what price? You are a tool, sir.
boo!!!
what about Garland?! Where was your tradition then?  Party over country
Today's decision shows how capable the republicans are of ruining our government. Bipartisan decisions will never be again. Thanks.
shame on you!
Looking forward to the end of your term, Rob. Tired of you selling put your constituents to corporate interests.
Ryan said GOP needed to learn to lead. Leaders aren't cheaters. And cheaters always end up the losers. Shame. On. You. @OhioDistrict12
What's the tradition on refusing to hold hearings on a SCOTUS nominee? Shame on you. Look up hypocrite in the dictionary. #Garland
Hypocrisy and it's best. #SHAME
Really you've been toeing the party line, how is that bipartisan?
Where does not giving a hearing or vote fit into that tradition?
You are participating in destroying representative government.
The TRADITION of the Senate is NOT to change the rules and force a nominee onto the SCOTUS. Find a nominee that can get bipartisan support!
No, sir, there is nothing at all bipartisan about changing the rules in this way, especially when you would not give Garland a hearing.
Where was the bi partisan support for #Garland?   You could not be more a #hypocrite  #partybeforecountry
You work for Ohio, not the GOP. Release the counts for your constituent calls about Gorsuch! Let's see what OH had to say! #Republicancheat
I vote in Ohio. Republicans refused to consider Garland. Now the Supreme Court is forever tainted. I will never vote Repub for anything
Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garl
Once again you show your true colors by putting your standing within your party above what's best for your constituents and your country
Except when the nominee is Obama's. You're disgraceful.
It might have been if we had a legitimate president! Being under FBI investigation should disqualify any major issues! #trumprussia #sad
Then why didn't you even try with Mr Obama's selection. You and @GOP choose to ignore your duty and push a #rightwing ajenda.  #shame on you
Hypocrite! But you would play partisan politics and change the rules. How do you sleep at night?
Back it up a step, please. The bipartisan tradition of the Senate has been to give #SCOTUS nominees hearings. #Garland
What a hypocrite! You wouldn't even meet with Garland, an exceptional candidate. That is the ultimate bipartisan move. Uncle p
I'm deeply disappointed by such hypocrisy. We have not forgotten how the GOP used false pretenses to block even a hearing on Merrick Garland
You own this, Portman.
Disappointing use of the "nuclear option." I can't think this rules change will be good for our government down the line.
Makes no difference.  #gorsuch should not be on #SCOTUS  #NoToGorsuch.  I urge you to side with the people of Ohio not those in power.
Party above country
Yes, up until last year when your party decided to steal the nomination that went to Merrick Garland. You don't get to gripe.
party over country again, huh? What. A. Shock.
Where were you for #MerrickGarland ?
You sir, are wrong on many levels
you lost the right to talk about precedent when you refused garland a hearing
What a hypocrite!!! You voted to reduce SCOTUS confirm from 60-vote majority to simple (51-vote) majority. American democracy died today!!!
You mean a Right-Wing tradition?
Sooo how did u vote on the nuclear option? Hypocrisy at its finest
You changed the tradition when you refused to hear Merrick Garland.  You're stealing this seat and you're going to lose your job for it!
One response Senator Portman on behalf of ALL AMERICANS. #MerrickGarland
Stop will the false concern about tradition.
Oh yeah?  Not that you or any Senator reads our tweets...but do you tweet with a straight face?  Tradition is to give a hearing to nominees
What a joke! Nothing bipartisan about cheating to get what you want. People will vote you out. History will not look at you kindly. #karma
You're a poor excuse for a senator. You and all other senate republicans should be ashamed of yourselves for the partisan politics you play.
#hypocrisy #hypocrit
That's why you would not give Garland a chance.
No, the bipartisan tradition of the Senate has been to give presidential nominees a fair hearing. You refused to do that for nearly a year
What do U know abt the tradition of the Senate? You just blew it, Rob. #notrustleft #WeWillReplaceYou #nointegrityRob #areyouwithusorRussia
.@senrobportman You sold your soul for party, power, & $$$. We, your constituents, will remember this when we vote #CheatersNeverProsper
AMEN!
#GarlandNotGorsuch
Despicable!   #Karma
How in the hell can you be doing This? The US is turning into a dictatorship. This is a sad day for America and for me, since I voted 4 you
After seeing Portman and @RepSteveStivers behavior for the past 3 months, I'll never reach across party lines again.
You should be embarrassed.
I guess your @GOP  colleagues forgot this tradition with Merrick Garland, Obama's amazingly qualified nominee ??
So you had to change the rules (not tradition) today why?   Don't soft pedal your actions.
You are a liar who will be out of office in 2020
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland 
#NuclearOption 
Change the nominee not the rules
Pathetic
I just called you DC office again. This is a partisan disgrace!! Ashamed at GOP behavior regarding prev. nominee and now this Nuclear option
A tradition your party shattered when it refused to even hold a hearing on Judge Garland. Stop with the bullshit.
The bipartisan tradition is to give president's nominees a vote (Garland) and to respect rules of the Senate (filibuster). #StolenSeat
63% of Ohioans want him confirm so I don't know what these other morons are talking about!
Did you confirm Garland with that same bipartisan tradition?
Get it done sir! Proud Ohioan here
Bullshit. When did you call for this after Garland was nominated?
...Garland.
You voted for #NuclearOption to fill a stolen seat for a treasonous SCROTUS.  Shame on you $enator. History will show you a greedy coward
it's sad of the Twitter is open to the uneducated as well as the educated. You fall into the former category
Well you would be wrong on that assumption. Base your next attempt at an insult on facts please...... waiting
What are you gonna do when trump is impeached for treason? Oh right, u don't give a shit so long as u get ur way. Disgusting. Shameful.
#MerrickGarland your party is full of I got mine boomers. #cheater #karma   My estimate to get you out of office is 5 year and 7ish months 
It had also been to allow a vote on nominees. You owe an apology and amends on the Merrill Garland nomination.
Filibuster no longer allows thoughtful discussion to proceed.  It shuts it down. Majority vote would likely lead to more dialogue in our era
Did Merrick Garland get the same consideration? Changing rules to suit your party looks childish. This is a sad moment for our country.
Your an embarrassment to this country and to the state of Ohio. Srart listening to your constituents
So what happened to that tradition last year? Sorry, Garland first.
I'm sure Judge Garland is glad to hear that.
You are a Coward who is a yes man. Shame on you
MERRICK GARLAND DID NOT EVEN GET A HEARING!!! #hipocrite
So you are voting for Garland then?
Your party ended that tradition when you refused to consider Merrick Garland.
a tradition which ended when you decided not to even have a vote
please explain Merrick Garland, then. #PartyOverCountry
This is not entirely unprecedented, but going nuclear on this means no going back. Look forward to extreme left judges next election.
These are not normal times, Rob. Our country is being led by a treasonous sexual harasser who is walking the short plank to impeachment.
Enjoy the next 5 years of tradition because we WILL be voting you out in 2022.
Also a tradition to bring nominees up for a vote. But you didn't do that with Garland. Your hypocrisy is really showing today, Senator.
Then why didn't you support Obamas nominee when there was still 11 months in office? It's inexcusable that we're even here.
Nothing bipartisan here.Tradition is 60 votes.Which wasn't reached.UR a poor representative of the people of OH.Great 4 corporarions though.
You only follow "tradition" when the @GOP creates their own! Sat on a nomination until your party could steal election
One word: Garland. One question, though you won't answer: Why do you hate America and her people so much?
As long as the nominee isn't off on some fringe.
and that whole Merrikk Garland thing?? It's also tradition to at least hold hearings on the nominee. U all should be ashamed
the Constitutional obligation of the Senate has been to treat the sitting President like they're the President.
Until Trump that is and if that is the case #Garland should be on the court.  Republicans in senate are hypocritical
Please start planning now for your trip to the unemployment line.
The Senate was supposed to be the adults of Congress. Why follow McConnell - he cares nothing for the country, only the party? This is wrong
I think removing filibusters may come back to bite the @GOP in that ass.
You are a hypocrite & puppet of Putin/Bannon/Trump Hydra. #NoGorsuch #VotePortmanOut #RussiaInvestigation
When does Ohio & US come before party power? Shame on you.
The bi-partisan tradition of the Senate has not been to stonewall and ignore nominees for almost an entire year. Obstruction of Justice???
You are "disappointed with your friends across the aisle"?!? You can't blame other people for your yes vote on nuclear option, that's on you
What the hell do you know about bipartisanship? #taxfattenedjackass
I'm sure you are SHOCKED considering the respect shown to the Garland nomination you really do think your constituents are idiots don't you?
Is this your justification for your nuclear vote? GOP killed bipartisan tradition by 1st refusing to meet Garland and now with nuclear vote
Bork got a hearing and a vote. No hearing for Garland a disgrace, but this is permanent damage to the Senate #shame
Until Garland that is
Is being a Republican more valued than your constituents? Does being Republican matter more than a FBI investigation of treason by POTUS?

GOP has declared war on democracy:

Voter suppression
Gerrymandering…
Yes, which should have happened with Merrick Garland.
112 @USSupremeCourt justices in the history of our country, and only this one couldn't get past a 60 vote cloture margin.
Exactly...so find a candidate that has bipartisan support. Ya'll have been able to do this many times - why is now different?
You are a member of Vichy Congress, Senator.
The use of the nuclear option is appalling. Shame on you for your refusal to consider Merrick Garland. Gorsuch is NOT a good pick for SCOTUS
Partisan disgrace! When you stole that SCOTUS seat you attacked our rights as voters & revealed disdain for the Constitution.
You were singing a different tune last spring!
Your hypocrisy and cowardice have put the good of the party above the good of the nation.
iF YOU MEAN 60 OK...IF YOU MEAN 51 YOU ARE A TRAITOR
That tradition went out the window when you refused to even hold hearings for Garland.
The new GOP tradition is to not give a hearing until you get your way.  Garland!
U R THE WORST. You've sold your soul to Trump&Russia. You will never represent us again. You already dont. You should b ashamed of yourself.
The partisan tradition appears to be to not hear a nominee at all, so the Dem filibuster appears to be a step up.
These two votes are the least bipartisan actions ever taken.  Do not confuse the facts.
You denied Merrick Garland a hearing. This is the only logical conclusion of your malfeasance. You will not shake this evil.
