I'm sorry, but I missed it:  What better solutions did you vote for?
What is your solution? Plz articulate it for us all. Don't just say "better" and "cheaper" - say WHAT and HOW.
better plan,  since it's unknown,  doesn't seem better.  Why are u all working nights?  Ashamed of yourselves?
bullshit, you've got nothing but blood on your hands!
you have no chill bro
Find a better solution BEFORE removing insurance for millions! #protectACA
what are those solutions Rob...Is this another secret Trump uses.
shame on you for this dishonest characterization of this cruel action. Coward.
Shame on you!!
Like many, I have a pre-existing condition. Will premiums make health insurance unaffordable? We deserve answers.
My senator @senrobportman 
said he voted for folks to die but later they may have a plan to fix that small glitch.
This week I voted to repeal #ObamaCare & replace it w/ better solutions to help families & #smallbiz: http://bit.ly/2jmQ8zm 
give us a plan first. You really shouldn't brag about this.
No you didn't.  Your vote was deeply disappointing, and will ultimately hurt vulnerable Ohioans.  Shame on you.
I'm angry w/ your vote. What is the replacement? Please b open, tell us the truth & hold town hall meetings
no.... you only voted to repeal.  Where's the replacement??
don't be a sheep and follow the hurd.
Tax cuts for millionaires aren't actually much of a solution for most families.
.@senrobportman You voted for a replacement????
I'm thinking this tweet didn't go as well as you thought it would. HAHAHA!!!
This is partially untrue. You did not vote to replace with anything. Be honest to Ohioans.
did you balance the budget yet?  Or are you still spending money we don't have?
Calling it #obamacare is cowardly. Call a spade a spade. You voted to terminate health insurance for 700,000 Ohioans

Your state is hardest hit by opioid epidemic and you want to take away care options? #SaveACA
This was a disgraceful act - not something to brag about. Shameful.
Talking about a plan is NOT a plan. People need healthcare, but GOP just doesn't care enough to put in the effort.
Without an immediate replacement, repealing ACA will leave millions without any healthcare.
As a constituent in Ohio, WE need a plan in place BEFORE you repeal #ACA. #preexistingconditions DEPEND on YOU! #SaveACA
what is the replacement. What is the replacement. You have the best insurance in the country which I pay for!
what solutions? Don't worry, Senator, Ohio voters won't forget you left us with no plan. We are keeping score. #SaveACA
I will now hear your succession plan for ACA.  Ready, go! What's wrong? Cat got your tongue? #AnyoneCanDoYourJob
You are only focusing on Ohio families when you should be focusing on all Ohioans. You should be fired.
What is your better solution?
how about looking into doctor/hospitals that overcharge or treat w/pills instead of therapy & education
sorry sir, but you shouldn't have voted to repeal without telling your constituents your replacement plan idea. #SaveACA
if you look at the actual bill, it didn't repeal OC, it was the first step. They have said no repeal w/o repalceme
What is the better plan than #ACA? Your party has had years to come up with a replacement but the #GOP has nothing.
Ive never seen so much bragging abt something everyone hates!Maybe u don't have supporters or they're just too stupid to know what ur doing
I have not seen one person support your bragging of your efforts to repeal the ACA(that's the real name, in case you forgot)
"Better solutions"?? Like WHAT?? How will you pass these, considering how hard the ACA was to get passed??!!
What "better solution"? As it stands you've doomed people I love to death. I can't guarantee my autistic kid gets coverage. Shame on you.
I called your office yesterday & was told you are on record as opposing repeal - but you voted for it? Replace AFA with what?
Cause I called again today, after reading you were resisting the AFA repeal to THANK YOU. Boy, do I feel dumb.
Here's a better solution: let the American people have health care like yours. If you had our healthcare, you'd be flipping the hell out.
Well for all the complaints you guys had about ACA no one came up with a better plan...so why are we repealing it again??
American Journal of Public Health says 45,000/yr died from lack of health coverage before ACA. You voted to go back to that.
you're a bad person!
had to do it in the middle of the night. You embarrass me. COWARD
Better solution? If it's so much better, why don't you brag and tell us all about it!
and you think ther heroin problem is bad now....just wait
No you didn't. You voted to repeal with no alternative in sight.
With no viable plan in place. Nice work.
Please provide us with a link to the plan so we can all be amazed at the wonderfulness of it all. Oh, yeah, there is no plan.
That's okay, @senrobportman. In a couple years we're going to vote to replace YOU. (There'll be fewer of us, since -insurance will kill us.)
and what will you replace it with? We need specifics.
Thanks for nothing. Americans deserve the opportunity to compare #Obamacare w/ your "better solutions" before ACA is repealed
call him let your voice be heard
Already done. :)
restarting from scratch isn't the solution, #ACA isn't perfect but it is a step in the right direction
8 years later & no replacements offered. Keep up the BS. You will never have my vote.
. I wouldn't brag about that if I were you.  You're risking the lives of Americans.
Did the Senate offer a "better solution?"
Not really, you clueless PoS. Your coverage should be repealed as well, then you'd actually care. You're an embarrassment.
what are some ideas you have for better solutions?
NO. You voted to give wealthy as tax cut. Screw the middle class & poor. Our taxes pay your salary, but you could care less.
if you had a better solution why didn't you offer it in the last six years? Did you hold Ohio citizens hostage to politics?
There should be no repeal.  There should be refine.  #fixinghealthcare #refinedontrepeal
Could you explain what those alternatives are senator?
but you have no solution. You've been in office for 6 years. You are a partisan hack that doesn't care about Ohioans.
Many of Rob's constituents feeling terror after he voted to take their healthcare away.
what exactly are those "solutions"? More vague generalities by the republicans on their plans
Boo!
what's the replacement Rob??? Since you're ripping care away from us.
What exactly is this better plan, @senrobportman? I called your office yesterday and they didn't seem to know either. Why keep it a secret?
I rely on the aca for health insurance. What is your better solution for me and the 30 mil americans you just abandoned?
I think that moving to repeal #ObamaCare without already having a plan to replace it was extremely foolish.
There is no basis for accepting your statement "replace it with better solutions". Many Ohioans are going to suffer.
please link replacement plan, Senator.
No repeal without replacement. We need a bipartisan solution that improves care.
I hope to live to see this "better solution" because I will die with the ACA.
what plan?  I didn't give you the go ahead!
where's the better come in? I think you have no clue. For once in your career do something for Americans, not Corporations.
replace with what?? What is the plan?  How specifically will we as Ohioans be impacted? Your vote is irresponsible.
Which ones?
More photo ops about opioid epidemic and miners' rights, please. Also Habitat builds & bike rides. Healthcare not so much.
replace with what? We've seen nothing
you are to much of a coward to listen to my family's story. You would be horrified
And 82% of the country didn't want you to. Please support your constituents. Vote independently.
I hold you responsible for my sick grandsons health insurance. Our whole community is watching your vote. Coward!
What replacement Senator. Please elaborate!
Again 7years to show a plan. Nothing shown. There is not and will not be one. Only the rich will benefit, the poor will die.
so you say - what are these so called "better solutions"?  Have seen nothing ...
I have not seen anything that shows your plan being better. You are a coward and have no backbone. Shame on you.
Please tell us what the "better solutions" are.  The GOP has had 8 yrs of anti-ACA.  700,000 Ohioans will lose insurance.
what solution? Specifically.
You voted along party lines not for your constituents.  There is not replacement.
what is the better solution. Surely you have SOME idea?
this week you voted to take away healthcare from millions and kill people with pre-existing conditions. #SaveACA
with what plan?!
you guys say a lot of words but I haven't seen one thing of any substance.
Rob, want to share with the American people who have pre existing conditions,illness with insurance caps and no money for HSA
your the ignorant fuck! Boo hoo kitty fuc you!
I will be forwarding all of my healthcare bills directly to your office from here on out then.
