It would also be a huge mistake to ignore Trump's ties to Russia.
what type of POTUS fires the acting AG? This is beyond partisan politics this is a disgraceful administration.
The last President who fired an AG for political reasons was Richard Nixon.
then please stand up to your party and vote no on Jeff Sessions. This entire administration has been infected.
@ZekeJMiller You plus McCain and Graham is still one too few to block the lifting of sanctions. Make the case to Sen. Rubio.
No, Portman, Graham + McCain is enough: 51 to 49. (Both independents vote with Dems).
I stand corrected. Let the good times roll! Also, it seems as if McConnell, at least, is on board.
I just wanted to pass on a bit of hope. I know I need it. (Sen. Collins could join them.)
It's really only a hope of a few stupid things getting blocked, not good ones being done, but hey.
you are a joke
That's more like it, Senator Portman!
.@senrobportman  Speaking of Russia, we REALLY want to know what happened during the election.  Please #VoteNoOnSessions so we can find out.
then do something about it instead of wasting more time talking! Introduce legislation, that is your job!
and yet he just did and you did what?  Nothing but kiss his ring.
We can't continue beatin Russia like a dog & expect them to kiss our ass. Time to lift sanctions that divide us.
then do something about it.
.@senrobportman @NewsHour Thank you, Sir. You, McCain and Graham (and Collins) can oppose Trump! We need your NO vote on Bannon for NSC.
Are you going to do anything? Where are the @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP? Stand up to Trump and stand up for the US!
VOTE NO on overturning stream protection rule.
agreed
That's a great position. So, you'll vote no on #Tillerson, right?
A Secretary Sessions will not investigate Trump/Russia.  Can you honestly support him and look in the mirror?
Is there really a reason for you to continue as senator? I can't think of a single reason.
says the guy who just voted for Putin's BFF Rex Tillerson to be Secretary of State
@StevenLHall1 @NewsHour great, now start voting no on his candidates and be a statesman
well ur leader in bed with him and making us enemies everywhere. You senators and reps need to push back on him
And what if he does it anyway? What is the plan? Impeach him! We are being used as pawns in Russian Roulette game.
- Vote "NO" on DeVos..Ohio doesn't have grizzlies...Ohio says "NO" to: guns in schools; plagiarist; & dummies..
Look, Evan Bayh, Russia is in Ukraine right now. Do something.
Their behaviour has changed! Since #huilo 's phone call w/ trump, @mfa_russia at FULL WAR with Ukraine!
#warCrimes
He's  going to lift  1/2 of them,  b/c somebody, has something,  up    somebody's   ass.
. I support you on this statement.
Did you therefore make a stand and vote 'no' for Tillerson?
@SenSanders Senator Portman, I'm your constituent. Your phones not answered. VOTE NO on overturning stream protection rule.
Please please please don't vote yes for DeVos. We need someone who at least has HEARD of IDEA. Thank you, from a parent & SLP
you forgot to #cuba in your tweet
much agreed. No matter the dirt they hold on our president to use against the best interest of our nation keep sanctions!
DuH
I wonder what type of fathers these Senators had. real spineless privilege white men. Sad history will remember
@JeffersonObama @NewsHour well, well a gut check for Mr. Portman. We won't see many of those.
Great words Senator but will you stand behind them!
Sure it would be a huge mistake but are you going to allow it to happen?
then support @ChrisMurphyCT bill to codify Russian sanctions.
Most agree with you.
Thank you for sharing this important point.
THANK YOU FOR SPEAKING OUT

Wow! https://twitter.com/cnn/status/826467872457289728 …
I'm your constituent. I bet you will cave. He needs to be impeached before the US falls. But you know party 1st.
Good!  Now oppose Sessions  for AG who will not investigate Russia connection to Trump & our elections. Be Brave.
I agree with you. The likelihood of Russia changing its behavior under Putin is 0. W & Obama learned the hard way.
Stick to this. Don't let them off the sanctions until they stay out of our politics.The wolf is at the door.Careful
stand up Sir. Russian aggression has only increased since Putins talk with our new president
Thank you Rob! But we also can't trust tillerson- vote no!
thank you pushing to continue the Russian sanctions.
That's my senator!
just the slightest modicum of decency and patriotism from the GOP. Just the slightest. I am so embarassed.
true
Vote NO on Sessions! Country over Party!
It would be a huge mistake to let a white supremacist stay on the National Security Council.
thank you Senator for your stand. Please continue to stand for the Constitution and vote against  Jeff Sessions
Push an investigation into Russian ties and influence over Trump. He's corrupt and you know it
need you and @SherrodBrown to stay strong for Ohio and rest of US
Glad to hear you say this. THANK you
#Russian MLRS are shelling out of occupied residential areas of Donetsk on the #Avdiivka
Great then Stand up to Trump and Bannon
thank u for speaking out and not allowing dictorship
thank you for standing up to Trump.
So the GOP has one testicle between them.
more of this senator.
It would be a good idea to look into the election hacking since Russia is making arrests.
Thank you!  No on Sessions. No on DeVos.
EVERYTHING HAPPENING IS A HUGE MISTAKE
On this, we can agree.
What else are you doing to curb the actions of this psychopath? Step up, sir. You and all your Rep buddies.
Please consider the possibility this White House has anti-democracy radicals (Bannon) who need to go @robertcaruso @NewsHour
THANK YOU FOR YOUR COURAGE! It is principled opposition within the GOP that may make a difference. @robertcaruso @NewsHour
No to Sessions. We need someone will be strong enough to not help Trump trample on the Constitution.
@SCClemons @NewsHour thats your president Senator, deal with it
Please investigate Russian collusion in our election outcome.
resist this man as loudly as you can. Keep my support
Also be huge mistake to confirm noms who are sycophants for DJT. Protect sanctity of democracy #StopSessions.
Trump's ties to Russia should be properly investigated
then it's time to make a stand !
The Coward Rob Bowe Bergdahl Portman out weighing in on what he thinks the President should and should not do.
Here in Arizona we're still waiting for scorpions 2 stop stinging so we'll let you know if that happens. #nature
I don't remember voting for Rob as president. Keep your mouth shut and go play golf.
What are your thoughts on the use of pepper spray on Columbus, Ohio marchers?
You guys are going to have to solve this problem. We know that you know it's not right. #elephantintheroom
.@senrobportman @NewsHour As member of Senate Homeland Sec Committee, do you think Bannon's elevation to Nat Sec Council wise?
will you support an investigation in Russia's tie to election? Will you say NO to Sessions who won't investigate?
An INDEPENDENT investigation?
we also know that Erik Prince is DeVos' brother & a Trump advisor - Russia connection too
You seem reasonable so u probably can see the whole world knows the danger of your candidate in WH. Only GOP can remedy this
It is a huge mistake for respectable Republicans not to sanction the Bannon Trump administration as it now behaves.

Report: Sec. of Ed appointee appears to have plagiarized quotes for Senate questionnaire http://dlvr.it/NFjJqK  
wow a profile in courage. ur son didn't even have to come out this time to get u to a decent position
Sanctions! #MuslimBan #GeneralStrike #RoastofSteveBannon #TuesdayMotivation #TheResistance #UniteBlue @senrobportman
It would be a huge mistake for the US to relieve Russia sanctions w/o a change in Russian behavior: http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/trump-gop-russia-sanctions/ …
Senator Portman, please see this
Drastic deterioration in Ukraine--surge in fighting
Remember, doesn't happen by accident.
Putin turning up heat again. https://twitter.com/usosce/status/826442711809024001 …
Seriously. How far r u guys willing 2 let this go? Trump & Bannon r destroying this country & all she stands 4!
Bannon is by far the worst member in the Trump administration. The immigration EO fiasco is Bannon's doing
Thank you, Sen. Portman!
Will you support an investigation on Russia ties to Trump campaign?
That is not how yow persuade someone. You give a little, they give a little. You hug it out. Progress!
Trump, what would u know about persuasion.  You're just a 10 yr old bully.
Good morning! They're invading Ukraine right now, because they know the puppet they installed in the Oval Office will turn a blind eye!
