While you're pushing for a shooting war with NK, do remember it's the people of SK that his mobs are aimed at. My GS is 30 miles from border

Kinda like your health care plan!
As should the @GOP.
The same could be said of Republicans voting against the best interest of Americans in secret. Say NO to Trumpcare!
The cops who killed 12 year old #TamirRice no regard for basic human rights and dignity, either. Clean your  bkyard be4 condemning others.
I agree.
If you vote for #AHCA you will have no regard for basic human rights & dignity. #saveaca
How about our right to affordable healthcare? Throwing millions of people off Medicaide is just as bad.
I question your regard for human dignity with the horrible senate health care bill. Vote no on AHCA.
Unfortunately, there are days that I can say the same for our President and his advisors.
NK is awful, but you endorsed Trump after he proposed torture & killing innocent families. What were you endorsing?
#Trumpism
Good point.
For once, I agree with you
You have no right to discuss basic human rights.  You are condemning Your constituents and Americans with the AHCA.
Judging by this thread, you're starting to be condemned for the secret healthcare bill, which some feel violates human dignity. Awkward...
Let's face it: Trumpcare is the same sort of human rights indignity the NK regime has perfected, so.....

But hey....he just got reelected
No way to know if he doesn't show us the bill.  Tick-tock, Senator.
That would be wrong. They Dems did that with ACA and that was wrong. The GOP said so for 8 years. They would NEVER do the same
FAKE NEWS
Thank you senator
People who vote against other people having good health care at affordable prices should be condemned
Neither does the United States, especially when our own police kill us, and our employees (you) deny us health care
caught your "photo-op" at the Warmbier funeral.nice.I hope you come to mine,and all the other Ohioians that die bc of  your healthcare bill
Apply this same tweet, word for word, to the Republicans who crafted and support this immoral healthcare legislation and tax cut for the 1%.
So stop talking and do something
Have you seen your party's 'healthcare' bill? I'm just saying...#Wealthcare #HealthcareBill #Trumpcare
I hate to cherry pick words, but human rights and dignity, go along with pushing healthcare bill that would push up premiums.
Insurance Co's are bailing from states because the President is a wobbler...not the ACA. 
protect AMERICANS BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS AND DIGNITY
Working on healthcare in private robs ALL Americans of their human rights & dignity, but you don't care about that, do you?
Could say the same about the GOP and their healthcare bill. And you know it!
Hi there! You know #Trump lacks principles- he's a loose canon - stop propping him up #ProtectMedicaid #standforwhatisright
Really?  "North Korea is evil" is top of your priority list, while the GOP, in secret, is trying to decimate American healthcare??
Ohioans flood Senator Rob Portman's DC office because he won't have a town hall in Ohio
Ohioans flood Senator Rob Portman's DC office because he won't have a town hall in Ohio https://www.pscp.tv/w/bBksSTFBbVF6Z2dMWEF3S2V8MU95SkFCWW93eU54YlSNvPLc_x0CCxUe9yxM_EBwLkzYPmMMiYnZ3xq20ouc …
For once I agree with you.  Will you be at the funeral tomorrow?  Want to meet to chat afterwards?????
In America, we respect himan rights. That is why you should vote against #Medicaid cuts and cap. Harms #disabled
Yep NK is just like this so called Healthcare bill. Many people will die way too soon.
What about the 23 million Americans that will die without healthcare? You got paid $382,000!!!
And so should you if you vote for that craptacular @GOP healthcare sham.
So should those who are trying to rip healthcare away from 23M people in secret...
Grandstanding is not your job. Show me the healthcare bill and have a town hall.
But you screwing millions out of healthcare is ok... ???
Neither do you or any GOP cong. member with that abomination of a healthcare plan from House...or the secret one you guys are crafting.
Wow!how do you do this w/a straight face? You are the one who can care less about basic human rights & dignity!You WILL be held accountable
Again, truly? You have gall to lecture others on human rights when you're willing to strip low income of healthcare, no help for addicts.
.@senrobportman has no regard for basic human rights & dignity. He will be universally condemned & be held accountable for his actions.
Sounds like the "Repeal & Replace" or just "Repeal" people. Oh, & those who've written/passed the legislation. They think 1/2
What about the shooting of innocent African American men in our country? How can some lives matter more?
Talk will not help. Why wait until they NK develops missile tech or miniaturized nuclear warheads. Take unilateral military action ASAP!
Bobby you're not in any position to defend basic human rights
YOU have no regard for basic human rights & dignity. Nor have you regard for the proper function of democracy. You must be held accountable
Which country runs GTMO?   Which country invaded Iraq?
That poor boy went behind enemy lines and then committed a crime. He didn't deserve what happened, but we could not help him. No war 4 this
DO NOT vote for that lame excuse of a health care bill.  Don't do it.
It only took his death. He wasn't the first and he won't be the last. Where was the condemnation over the last 18 months?
Love this
Huh, sounds like Republicans.
Sorry Senator I have to agree with this thread ...what about our dignity and the human right to affordable HC - yes NK is deplorable
Action! Not words.
My latest Policy Brief that Warmbier's murder shows negotiating with NK is pointless: http://www.defenddemocracy.org/media-hit/anthony-ruggiero-pyongyangs-murder-of-us-student-shows-negotiating-is-pointless/ …
Are you going to do what's right and vote no on the healthcare bill?
You know, to make up for @BetsyDeVosED and @jeffsessions . It's the least you could do...
...for the constituents you ignored. Find your conscience, Rob. Find your conscience.
You have no regard for any Ohioan's basic rights and dignity and no care has many jobs we loss or how many will die with no heath care
Neither do you, Senator. SHOW US THE BILL!
You should be condemned for not holding a town hall!
