Existing US Tax Code Hurts American Firms

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Opportunity for you rich boys.
Shameful, Sen Portman. You know you are lying. $1.5 trillion cut from Medicare/Medicaid/Social Security is Not about jobs. Only rich benefit
No it's not. It's about cutting Medicaid & Medicare fir Ohioans.#TaxCutsFortheRich
It’s a scam to transfer wealth to the wealthy. Do something meaningful and fair, Senator!
Your plan is about cutting healthcare giving 1%ers more tax breaks and burdening working class people to pay for it all. We aren't stupid
Women Entrepreneurs Encouraged by Trump’s Proposed Tax Rate Cut

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Trickle down economics does not work!
But it won't work because it smashes the middle class Peoples' ability to spend as freely as the rich.  Wake up, please, Rob.
This is about the rich getting richer and the middle classes paying more! Don’t try that jobs fiction on us -we’re wise to it now!
It’s about the greed of the wealthy who seem to be the only ones you care about. Lower taxes for workers not corporations.
It's about a #moron that believes giving to the richest will inspire their generosity so that theyll trickle down their blessings to others.
It's about a #moron that thinks inspiring music will bend the rules of economics and suddenly make rich people want to give away their money
It is ABOUT pure 100% GOP Horsesh  tt
Killing the middle class and the poor is not going to help. Can you certify that in 10 years the middle class won't have higher taxes?
STOP TAKING MONEY FROM THE NRA.
Good union jobs leaving OH for non-union KY & Mexico.  Will your tax bill help these workers?  Or owners?
It's about wealthy tax cuts. It's about denying access to healthcare. It's all about quid pro quo to your swamp donors. #TaxReform

It's about a #moron that thinks businesses will hire employees that they don't need, just because they have some extra money.
You should be ashamed of this “plan”. Helps only the wealthy. Same GOP BS.
It’s about the millionaires! Please respond to Estate Tax issue!
You're a liar. Jobs? Renewable energy reform. Wages? Wage reform. Opportunity? Education reform.
It's about higher taxes for the lower class and the poor, $38./2wk for the middle class, and huge tax cut for the wealthy.
Same old GOP trickle down nonesense.  Even David Stockman has disavowed this type of plan.
affordable healthcare please
Yes make the rich richer and keep lying to the rest of us.
The rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more.
Adam Smith Wealth of Nations

Stop with the jobs, already.  It doesn't wash anymore!  Jobs are disappearing because of automation. #JustStopIt!
It's about a #moron that think cutting taxes leads to greater tax revenue.
And exactly why do the super rich need more money? You and I both know that it has nothing to do with Trickle down! All they do is hoard it!
ITS ABOUT MONEY AND HOW YOU CAN CONTINUE THE SLAVE TRADE,SHIT COLOR THAT BITCH UP SWEETEN IT SO IT TASTE LOVELY TO THOSE THAT ACCEPTS
ITS ABOUT BULLSHIT THEY DONT GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THE STRUGGLING POOR,THEY MAKE MONEY BY GAINING OUR TRUST
It’s about rich people
It’s about making sure rich people get to keep their money instead of paying their fair share
It's about tax breaks for your wealthy donors who already have all the advantages in the world 
It’s about lining the pockets of you @GOP bosses
Sorry Mr Portman, but I no longer trust you.
Yes, opportunity to line the pockets of the rich!  Next!
It's about you and your rich GOP buddies getting big tax breaks.  It's about trickle down economics that benefit the rich. That's what it is
It’s about paying off the Koch brothers.
How will eliminating the estate tax affect one single job or have any effect on #jobs ?
 This isn't tax reform, it's just a #KochTaxCut

It's about lining the pockets of the rich and robbing the poor, the sick, children and old people!
The GOP plan is all about tax breaks for the wealthy and increasing the National Debt, that's a terrible idea!!
I will believe you if corporations and the 1% pay their fair share and are not given huge tax cuts. Trickle down doesn't
We need Town halls!!!!!
https://www.facebook.com/StanfordCDDRL/videos/1711326782213273/ …
Why are you showing this video ? The top 1% will benefit most and in some cases middle class will get an increase.
It's about tax hikes for middle class, tax cuts for the rich, and a huge increase in the deficit/debt.
Bullshit. It's about rich ppl robbing everyone else. It's about efforts of rich 2 keep ppl sick, poor, & struggling so u live great!
#Fightfor15... No #taxbreaks for the wealthy. It's about jobs raise the minute wage. #trickledown never worked. Stop selling that tired myth
Perks that might have worked in a manual manufacturing economy don’t help in a service/data economy. Corps use extra $$ to replace people.
It’s about making the rich & big business richer and nothing getting to middle & low incomes. Trickle down doesn’t work, @gop
This is just an opportunity for you to ingratiate yourself with the one percenters and screw real Americans.
Destroying ACA will result in fewer HC jobs, bigger deficit. 1% trickle down econ is a fallacy. Haven’t seen it-have you?Corp sitting on $$$
How about sensible gun laws to prevent thousands of deaths?
Screw tax cuts, how about securing health care subsidies and birth control coverage? Your tax cut plans only matter to wealthy donors.
Tax reform is nice, but what is Congress going to do about prescription drug prices? And when? Midterms are coming!
It’s about tax breaks for the wealthy, hurts the middle class and poor. Don’t make me lose even more respect for as you toe the party line
It’s about you and your rich donors getting huge tax breaks while throwing crumbs at the rest of us
Check out what your constituents are saying for a change!!!
It's about tax breaks for the rich. Scammer.
no it’s for the rich by the rich screw country and citizens
It's about adding to the already sickening wealth of the 0.1%
It’s not tax reform. It’s tax cuts. That’s not the same thing. Giving the wealthy more money isn’t the fiscally sound nor moral thing to do.
It’s about upping my taxes and giving breaks to the uber-wealthy. We are not deceived. Why do you hate the middle class? We carry you.
It’s bull.
How about CHIP. Now kids will get sick and die but you don’t care.  There will not be jobs they will go to robots, and the Stock Market
It's NOT about jobs, it's NOT about wages...it's all about an opportunity for the rich to get even richer.  STOP lying to us.
Big tax cuts for the rich doesn't translate to jobs, better wages or more opportunity.
You are not gonna trick us, Rob.
Check this out: Stay out of my uterus!  #roevswade #mybodymychoice
No its about giving us the short end of the stick, and you filling your pockets.
#STOP voting in the #richboys.
You @senrobportman are a fraud, and I will do everything in my power to expose your self centered ideology. #DRAINTHESWAMP
This is about crony capitalism. It’s about dynastic wealth. It’s about aristocracy.
Like that term- new to me
Propaganda.
Robbie you forgot “This is about tax cuts for the wealthy and the trickle down to congress.”
... this blows up in your face, then you lose your job. Don’t worry, I will vote for myself again in 2018, so stack your chips while u can.
..of the problem. Want the real reason why ordinary citizens cannot make it? They don’t come from rich backgrounds. I cannot wait until...
It’s about the rich getting richer. You seriously think by giving them tax breaks means more jobs? If you think this way then you are part..
Bullshit. It's about filling your pockets and those corporations that pay you to say and do what they want. Like Betsy Devoes

Hey who paid for Sec Perry's flight? Did he fly commercial?
Just call it what it is! Stop telling people it's about the middle class! It's not!
And where in the tax code are we promised jobs and better wages?
It's about those sweet, sweet Koch dollars. #NotFoolingUs
Cutting taxes for the wealthy doesn't do squat for jobs, so why do you keep pushing this?
I'd rather check out Trump's tax returns. What is he hiding? How will he benefit from #TaxReform?
It not about jobs. It about the rich getting richer. Cutting taxes never got me a raise
But what mechanism will you use to bring jobs back, create opportunities, etc.? Cause that vid-that just flashy words. Basic R proposal. Sad
It is about you&your friends who would hire you after you booted out of Senate. You feel sorry for massacre in LV, but taking $3m from NRA
Stop lying. We’re not sheep and we don’t believe you.
You don't give a boot about your constitutes. You just want to be elected, otherwise you would take over $3M from NRA. You aren't loved.
No to tax cuts for the 1%; No gutting critical health protections
By opportunity, you mean for 1% to shirk duty to common good? Why corporate welfare when they least need a break (vs. workers, poor, etc)?
I was looking for the pinkie swear section.  Every wealthy person who's tax liability is decreased pinkie swears to put their $$into economy
No its about you lying to get huge tax breaks for the wealthy off the backs of American workers
It is not about jobs or wages.  It’s about helping the top 1%.  Trickle down doesn’t work.
It's about your party proposing major cuts to Medicare and Medicaid, to help fund major tax cuts for the rich. Call it what it is.
Its about massive cuts for the filthy rich ............ just more trickle down you can put lip stick on a pig but its still a pig !!!!!!!!!!
Better not be about cutting taxes for the rich. Middle class is where relief needs to be given.
This about everything but what you claim senator. Wages have gone up in the last few years. What you propose only serves your rich donors!!
Trust in tax "reform" is an issue. Wrong President. He's too tainted to trust. Taints GOP, too.
It's nonsense
No it's not.  It's about your money, and screwing over the middle class
Lies Senator: please no videos we need town halls and truth and particulars
House voted to GUT Medicaid/care by 1.5 TRILLION over next decade.

THIS CRUSHES HEALTHCARE

Will u protect us?
Oh, please. Giving tax cuts to the wealthy will not pay for itself or create jobs. That's been proven. Do some reading.
Your constituents don't need a video to lie to them; you, @realDonaldTrump and the rest of the @GOP are doing that plenty well on your own.
Do you even read the responses to your ridiculous tweets? You're not fooling anyone.
It's about a bunch of wealthy white men protecting what they have.
Unemployment is below 4.5% and wages are slowly rising (albeit reluctantly I'm sure from a business owner's perspective). What's so wrong?
Remember when you ran those campaign ads saying you'd fight the opioid epidemic? Yeah...me too. Where's that guy? Is he a Senator?
yes it is about making the rich richer .        smoke and mirrors for the middle class with EMPTY offerings for them .   GREAT JOB
Actually, it's all about creating a massive tax cuts for the wealthy that the grandchildren of the middle class will eventually pay.
Stop spreading lies
...It’s about tax breaks for the rich, Rob. Buckeyes are too smart to fall for this.
Please don't believe these lies! Trickle down economics does not work-Wages went down following the Reagan tax cuts. https://www.facebook.com/RBReich/videos/1724240264255229/ …
And yet another repeat video! Same old optics, and same old message. The only opportunity tax reform provides is for rich to get richer.
It’s not about any of those things. Don’t be a rube.
You forgot “it’s about lining the pockets of stellar individuals like Betsy Devos while screwing the middle class”.You meant to include that
This is about giving big tax cuts to your wealthy donors.
Trump SABOTAGING ACA for months. People will lose healthcare as rates rise.

WHY WON'T YOU PROTECT US?
No thanks, I’m not into cherry picked propaganda. #taxfraud #liar #goptool #nocourage #reverserobinhood #wealthinequality
Here's all the support for your tax overhaul @senrobportman: "0" No one is buying your prime grade A @GOP BS.
No it's about giving yourself, and your wealthy buddies a huge tax break and cutting Medicare and Medicaid from the people that need it.
#bought&paid4
#robisakochshill
You’re a greedy liar. Facts from non-partisan evaluators show this overwhelmingly benefits the super-rich. Go take some more NRA $ & shut up
It’s about tax breaks for the wealthy.
You sir, lie.
... for who? Your Rich pals and donors?
All rhetoric.  HOW EXACTLY will this be accomplished ?!?
That’s it Senator, party over people. Solent Green!!!!!
Opportunity!  Wages?  What are we missing?
You. Are. Lying. Stop!
Senator, the GOP "tax reform" program is about cutting medicare/medicaid.  It is NOT about assuring a living wage to workers.  Be real 43221
Does it mention the $1.5 trillion cut to Medicare and Medicaid? Does it point out that most of the benefit goes to the wealthiest Americans?
And it's about giving the wealthy a tax break. We know that's true bc that is always the most important goal of the GOP.  We are not fooled
It's about "opportunity" to gut funding for services that benefit middle class to shift more wealth to top. No incentives for job creation.

The #TrumpTaxScam is about stealing from the poor and middle classes to give even more money to the rich. Stop lying to us!




Tax credits do no good for a paycheck to paycheck family. Higher wages drive buying power=drives economy=drives business. Simple
Rob, no one is buying your trickle down bullsh*t. We don't want tax cuts for billionaires.
I notice it's not about business breaks. Hoping it's true. Knowing it's not. That makes this a lie by omission.
Eliminating the estate tax only encourages greed. Nothing you've proposed incentivizes or mandates higher wages or job creation.
BULLSHIT.
Does it mention the $1.5 trillion cut to Medicare and Medicaid? Does it point out that most of the benefit goes to the wealthiest Americans?
but the proposal is tax cuts for the wealthy, not tax reform

