It's crazy that you don't attend your town hall meetings!
You know what's crazy, Rob? You're choosing to talk about giving millionaires a tax break in the wake of the US's deadliest mass shooting...
Why don't you talk about reasonable #GunControl, Murderer?  Is it because you're an #NRAWhore?
What did you do to stop DP&L from moving jobs overseas?
No ... you are going to fund your plan by gutting CHIP, Medicaid & Medicare Jobs won’t come back - investors will be the winners- Lies!
It's crazy that we have a senator that wants tax relief for his millionaire buddies and won't help his constituents earn a living wage.
Get educated or learn a trade and the job will come.  No freebies for anyone!
sure worked wonders in Kansas, huh?
Well you are raising my taxes so you Can give it to trump and rich people like him. So not voting for you again if this happens
Oh and how are you and Tiberi justifying lowering rich by 5 points and adding 2% to the lowest tax bracket.
Tax breaks to the poor and middle class stimulates and makes the rich richer. It's trickle up economics.  Need to go back to college
Warren Buffet doesn't think so.
What's really crazy is that mass shootings occur daily and you do nothing, won't even allow research on its effects. #GunsenseNOW
Resign.

This is your focus after a massacre????
U use 'congress' when this bill as well as ACA repeal were both reconciliation only requiring GOP. Work together & we will take u seriously.
It's crazy that after a mass shooting, and while ppl are dying in Puerto Rico, you're trying to trick ppl into making you richer
It’s crazy how you can sleep at night with all the lying you do
Ha. "Crazy" This doesn't mean what it meant last year. Use better adjectives now that your party has raised the bar on "crazy"
Stop on the tax front.  It is nothing compared to 50+ being gunned down.  Be your own person for the benefit of all of us.  @Everytown
TAXATION IS THEFT
Needs to keep the estate tax and relieve middle class taxpayers who pay a disproportionate amount.
Crazier still : provisions for YOU to hold TownHalls during your recess. It's been nearly 3!3!3! Years , Rob-bot
Good plan! Ima need another job since my taxes will go up under this plan #thanksfornothing
Is it crazy we have lying politicians treating us like we’re stupid
It's crazy that you keep thinking we'll believe the trickle down economics lie. #beentheredonethat
I have a job @senrobportman but my state and local taxes are killing me. What are you doing about that?
Go find your lobbying job now. You are so bland and self-serving it is sickening.
Have some guts.Eliminate Carried Interest Loophole.Keep Estate Tax. Double the AMT exemption.AMT hurts the middle class.
I don't trust Republicans to make tax decisions. You are more likely to help the 1%ers and corporations than the rest of us. Not trustworthy
It's crazy that this is your agenda, versus Las Vegas shootings, and how we can send aid to Puerto Rico!
This tax plan isn’t going to change anything except to give the wealthy and big business more wealth to hoard.
I like to see tax reform. Keep at it Rob
How about game rules(tax code)that made it desirable for large/natl/internatl retail 2 pay living wage #NoTrumpTaxReturnsNoTaxReform #Resist
Ya know what else is CRAZY??  Having a POTUS driving this tax reform when we haven't even seen HIS!!!
It's crazy that you believe high paying jobs will ever return to the US. The only way forward is to retrain the workforce for 2020 & beyond.
It's crazy that 100's people shot by one man & it was all legal. It's crazy that Trump tossed paper towels to hurricane victims...
Work with the Democrats... The People is tired
You will not fix this and we know it.
It is crazy that the tax code allows billionaires to pay less than a middle class worker.
It's crazy you're pushing the #TrumpTaxScam and trying to #RobthePoor, Rob.
BS. Business are using loopholes to take jobs and revenue offshore. Make them and the 1% pay their fair share.
The bill isn't #TaxReform. It's #TaxDeform. Raise the stupid income tax, you greedy, dishonest, so-called reps of the people!
Raising taxes DOES NOT raise more revenue! #LafferCurve! #ProGrowth
#LafferCurve has long been discredited. Not all hypotheses turn out to be true.
Tax reform yes but not the plan the GOP has. The wealthy MUST pay their fair share.
Gee, I’ve never seen Portman smile so much...oh wait...it’s ‘cause he’s on Fox News* 
I would also welcome an in person townhall to discuss further!
It’s a fallacy to think giving rich people a tax break will bring jobs back. How about educating people and invest money to drive innovation
You need to worry less about lowering taxes for the rich and more about giving a NO BID CONTRACT to Equifax for our personal data. WTF.
Tax cuts are handouts. Companies can use that money to outsource or inflate earnings reports. No guarantees that money turns into jobs here.
Yes but don't screw the middle-class
This new tax proposal will benefit the wealthy and big corporations and hurt average people and struggling families. Stop lying!
Can we hear more about how tax reform includes cuts to Medicare and Medicaid?
It’s crazy that greedy CEOs and corporations are legally able to dodge taxes that would contribute to the financial health of our nation.
Stop with the bullshit there guy
And it's crazier that we are a not taking legislative steps in this countey to stop this gun violence. Come on Rob!!!
.@senrobportman doesn't want you to know that TOP 1% receives 80% of TAX CUTS! Working Americans....   !!!

#TrumpPortman #ConManRob
SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
This is nonsense proven not to work since Reagan.  It's not Trickle Down, it's Gu$h Up!  More $ for you & rich. We are sick of it & U. Lies!
In what way are jobs affected by the code? Giving $billions to the rich makes THEM happy, but rest of us are left w/ $22T natl debt
Who pays for these tax cuts? Trickle down economics doesn’t work. You need to create demand. Your budget adds $1.5 trillion to the deficit.
Right Rob. Make sure you put more money into the pockets of C.E.O.s while screwing the middle class!
This is true for corporate taxation.

But your proposed changes to individual taxation are not related. Start over on your individual plan.
What's crazy is that the GOP keeps pushing the myth of trickle-down economics. Give us real tax reform or leave it alone.
Your comments ring hollow when our country is presently at full employment. A tax cut for the wealthy is not tax reform.
No where near as "crazy" as an Alinsky driven health care system. WAKE UP
Kansas
TAX CUTS+WAR=RECESSION  Been there one that.  Trickledown, been there done that. Laid off, almost lost our home and couldn't afford heat.
Why don’t you help the middle class and not just the rich??  What do we need to do to catch a break?  Oh ya hope we get lots of money
It's crazy that you are blaming the tax code but not greed.
You are a tool for the NRA and insurance companies. Gun control now, reinstate CHIP now, help Puerto Rico now
It's crazy you're proposing tax cuts paid by gutting Medicare/Medicaid. What's with @GOP working overtime to strip healthcare from citizens?
Sorry Rob, I don't believe a word you say anymore. You lost all credibility when you commend the POTUS, who is unfit to lead this country.
It's crazy that Trump is the 1st president in over 40 years who hasn't released tax returns.
It's crazy that we have a president who refuses to release his taxes and a Congress who turns the other way
Didn’t you mean to say “It’s crazy that the rich are taxed so much. We need tax cuts for the top earners!”
It seems like you have moved on from the massacre in Las Vegas.  We, your constituents, have not.  #GunControlNow #NOW
This is no time to talk about taxes (or climate change, or guns)
You aren't interested in jobs.  You are interested in lining your pockets.  What a low life!  Can't wait til you are ousted!
Tax code? Not why I am building a factory overseas. Shrinking US market, gutting US edu system, lack of coherent HC+Visa policies are why.
Well, those things + increasingly hostile and militant religious extremists making it very difficult to attract top talent to the US and OH
2/It's crazy that there is no universal background check & no registry of weapons.It's crazy you can buy assault weapons&cop killing bullets
It's crazy that our elected officials are content to witness the massacre of citizens so long as they get their $$ from the NRA.
1/ It's crazy that 600 people were shot and the @GOP says it's not time to talk about gun control!
#TaxReform will not help.  We have an income inequality and national debt problem.
1,072.
What proof do you have that lowering the corporate tax will produce more jobs.  ATT cut jobs and bought back stock when they got a tax cut.
What's really crazy is that our congress is so afraid of the NRA that they won't pass ANY reasonable gun laws. Stand up Portman! LEAD!!!!
Translation: five big business more tax breaks to encourage bringing low paying jobs back. Business is not going to share their windfall.
Breaks for the rich doesn't help the poor. Balance the budget first, drop wall, keep things in that Help people
Congress does need to act on #TaxReform sadly all u r offering is yet another #KochTaxCut that rewards investing & won't create a single job
It’s crazy that anyone believes in trickle down.
We have lived this bullshit message since Regan...Not working Stupid...
@senrobportman: Want to know what’s really crazy?  #GunControlNow #abortionrights #puertoricorelief #transrightsarehumanrights #lgbtqia
Remember when you used to care about deficits?
Maybe jobs are going overseas because greedy CEOs would rather be rich than reinvest in the society that gave them a platform for success?
It's "crazy" that we have a senator who is lying to us about the disproportionate benefit of this tax plan to corporations and the wealthy!
No GOP tax reform no trust! GOP party for the rich and special interest.
It's crazy you're talking about taxes when Americans are being slaughtered.  DO SOMETHING!
You're new a LIAR too.
Rob, you #GOP live in a world that only cares about 1% & #Trickledown is fantasy #Kansas
How about gun law reform? Seems way more important at the moment.
Pls provide specifics of how many jobs lost to overseas & how many $$$ lost to overseas. Prove tax reform returns jobs. @indivisibledyt
Unless you don't want a labor intensive hourly at will job that'll be phased out by technology in three years. Give us a UBI and the future.
It's crazy that corporations are holding onto one trillion in cash while working moms can't afford the basics of life. #FuckConservatism
What's crazy is @SenJohnThune telling people to get small when people shoot at you. My four year old is pretty small already. Good advice?
Check Portman’s Swiss bank accounts!  Party over lives, senator!
Since CBO won't use dynamic scoring, tax cut won't work w/o offset cuts or increases. 
1. Border equalization tariffs
2. 1% Nat'l sales tax
Need to act on gun control first
Republicans Want To Dominate People Not Live In A Peaceful Democratic Society. ..#DUMPTHEM
You're complicit in all of this. The @GOP must go.
It's crazy that u think the people who need a break are the wealthiest among us with the elimination of the estate tax.
It's crazy that you think a tax cut to the wealthy will create jobs.
What is crazy is how you really never talk about issues that your constituents have concerns about.
Tell Ohio seniors citizens how your stealing out of medicare for the 1 precent tax cuts .Your a thief stealing money we payed
Too bad this will be another thing the GOP can't get done.
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
It's crazy you think the tax code and not greed is responsible.
How does dropping the top tax rate; the estate tax; and AMT do that?  Simplification and close loopholes:  Yes.  More income inequity:  No
It’s crazy that you keep repeating the lie that this bill would help anyone besides the rich.

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
It’s crazy that you keep repeating the lie that tax cuts lead to job growth.
Republicans Want To Dominate People Not Live In A Peaceful Democratic Society. ..#VOTE Republicans out of Local State and Federal #ENOUGH
It’s crazy that you think a tax cut for the rich is what this country needs.
