Do not accept the "skinny option". This is unacceptable. The house will have control and will harm millions of Americans. Vote NO on skinny!
Don't allow Mitch McConnell to make a fool out of you. You represent the citizens of Ohio. Return to "Regular Order" and bipartisanship.
Do not allow yourself to be sucked into partisan bigotry. That is what repeal of the ACA is. Such repeal is immoral and unjustified.
If you really cared about the people you are supposed to represent then stop ignoring us. I've been trying for months to get a meeting.
#SwampSlime lies, lies & more lies. Disingenuous, disgusting & truly deplorable. You could care less about either - families or small bizmen
No limits on caps, protect preexisting conditions, and lower cost
Bull! Repeal Oba,macare!!!
If you vote yes today, you are abandoning Ohioans and we will not forget it!
medicaid doesn't help the working poor who have to take what their employer offers even if they can't afford it madicaid helps those idles
Ins/pharm lobbyists own you & the other senators voting NO. Your flip flop vote is sickening. You all will be voted out.
Why now?It isn't like you are new to Washington.
Repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal repeal Obamacare!  RINO
Lowering costs means legislatoin to make big pharma stop hiking prices over prescriptions would be a start.  End his crooked federal reserv
If the value of the dollar was backed by somerting other than invisible air and fraud...We wouldn't be watching people struggle for care.
don't care about your speech, I care about how you voted
You sold #Ohio families and #smallbiz short with your disastrous healthcare vote.
You're going to vote yes on a bill that has less that 20% approval?? Please explain how that is representing your constituents? #WealthCare
Explain in detail how this lowers costs for families??
I can't wait until you are voted out of office.
Do that without lowering the quality of the healthcare? Cheap healthcare's available, it doesn't cover anything but it's available.
Your goal is a tax cut for the top 1% at the cost of stripping health care coverage and assistance from millions. We see your motives.
You're a mooch
you might be better to control the opiod problem if you start locking them upusers as well as dealers
#foolingyourself #notfoolingus
No. You are costing us a fortune. We work hard pay 16k year in health care while u vote like a coward
My tax dollars purchase for others what I can't afford for myself. Tell me, why is Congress EXEMPT from Obamacare?
You fail Ohio and blood will be on your hands.
Tell 45 to release the funds meant to subsidize those people who need it. That is why insurers are pulling out.God help U and forgive U
U should be ashamed but I know U are not. I will pray for this country that you claim to love.   I pray for those who support U, and for U.
The Bush years proved how wrong you are on that. You have crippled the middle class with you blind pursuit of tax breaks,deregulation.
You showed very clearly what your goal was. And your character too. I will go out and do my damndest to see that you are not relected.
Sadly, you stand in a no mans land and are totally ineffective as your actions do not match your rhetoric.
You believe in tax breaks for the wealthy and free markets. But that only makes the rich, richer. It doesn't create jobs.
You are engaging in deceit. The ACA can be improved. You just want it to fail because you don't believe in social programs for the poor.
AH but you voted to repeal it when Obama was President and you knew he wouldn't sign it
Your statement on the floor was met with no push back. You talked to your people. The once Grand Old Party. We would like to see you in Ohio
It is each of your supporters and those who oppose you that will suffer together.u don't even have the guts turn o have a town hall meeting
You now aid a Presidency who appeals to the devils in all of us. He is weak and foolish and you use him to promote a plutocratic ideology.
Our infrastructure is Crumbling. If F.D.R  could do what he did what is wrong with you. Your party opposed all of Obama's plans.
But our nation is under educated because of your policies.underpayed because of your policies. They will be underinsured because of you.
You love corporate welfare but slash social programs that help the poor. Then you use racist code words to divide the poor. And it works.
Your party rolls back protections for consumers and calls it freedom. Freedom for who? The Koch Brothers? Big oil?
You have two faces sir and you lie to the people who vote for you and point fingers at the opposition when is your party that fails
You talk about stagnant wages yet you vote against raising the minimum wage again and again. How do you sleep at night.
Unlike a lot of people I read the ACA. I hoped for single payer but I knew that your party would never allow that.
This is the problem with the GOP. You do little in good faith. It's all about winners and losers for you. Not serving. You value the rich.
If only U and GOP had included measures that would work when you were asked to.Instead your party turned this into an insurance reform bill
If only you and GOP hasn't kept voting to repeal. The markets would have been stable. You know how that works and yet you kept sabatoging.
Gonna walk by your office with a sign that says "Portman screws disabled veterans on Medicaid."  Also, Rep. Steve "the snake" Stivers.
I'd rather put cigarettes out in my eyeballs than watch your blatant hypocrisy. You represent big pharma, not citizens of Ohio.
Y'all's best plan would leave at least 22 million without healthcare.  Shame on you!
Removing the individual mandate is not how you lower costs. Prices will soar for those of us with preexisting conditions who need healthcare
Then you have to oppose the so-called "skinny repeal", which would be awful for Ohio families.
BREAKING: Insurers say "skinny" repeal will destabilize markets and lead to "steep premium increases and diminished choices" 

A letter from a constituent: Please #VoteNo #BCRA #AHCA #Obamacarerepeal 

The bill won't lower costs. Who is this bill for?
Have you read the latest statement from Blue Cross Blue Shield? The "skinny" repeal bill will drive up prices. What does that fix?
You don't have goals, you take orders from your party and you are willing to hurt Ohioans. You don't deserve to be our Senator.

Your goals appear to be: 1)Tax cut to the mega rich 2)Lower service 3)Women's health is unimportant.  Vote NO #trumpcare
Is it really collaboration or representing ALL Ohioans if you only work with gop senators? Why not collaborate with @SenSherrodBrown?
Really? So why aren't you for full repeal of Obamacare which has placed a HUGE burden on #Ohio #smallbiz and caused garbage part-time jobs?
I and many others will do everything we can to vote you out You will be one of the few voices that caused many to die We will never forget
How dare you You ran on repeal This is why we voted for you Cost 500 to 6k Can't even go to the Dr. You don't care about the people that pay
I'd rather puke.
Traitor
I gave you the benefit of the doubt. Even when you did the invite only town hall. People need health care not just the post drug addicts
You are a bad man!  Mendacity! I see you and I will tell anyone who will listen about your lies.
You prove yourself to be a liar, what you mean by lowering costs is for the uber wealthy, no health care for the poor!
Outside your Columbus office.
I guess I'll become an opioid addict so I can get health care.  Only makes sense in Portman-world.
Would love to set up a meeting to discuss this in more detail. Your vote = willful ignorance of reality + neglect of those you represent.
What small businesses did you consult? What workers did you consult? Who did you talk to? Who advised you on this vote?
Have you ever read a book about systemic drug addiction? Have you ever read a book about history of US healthcare system?
You don't know what you've done. Drug addiction crisis cannot be fixed with this legislation. Economy cannot be fixed with this legislation.
Gave u my vote last election as democratic but never again. U r a sell out to Ohio people and the entire country.
Your goal is to give tax breaks to the rich by selling defective healthcare policies to the poor. How do you sleep at night?
You are nothing but a snake oil salesman, Rob. Is that how you want people to know you? As someone without character?
You will b out if we fix these gerrymandered districts in Ohio.
Shouldn't goal be better access to healthcare and better healthcare?  Cost isn't only factor. Cheap policy that covers little is worthless
How much money have you taken from ins. co's? Glad you didn't get in the way of Americas agenda! We are ready at ballot box
I'm much less interested in your speech than your voting record. You're voting for a bill that's terrible for families & small businesses.
Doesn't address whether insurance will be adequate. Lifetime caps make insurance useless in catastrophic situations.
Thanks for nothing. Screw the poor and your constituents but keep your republican cronies happy.
please include the working and lower-middle classes who can't afford premiums or deductibles or they will be the "new" poor

I am a small business owner.  You know what lowered my costs and improved my coverage?  THE ACA.
Then why did you vote for BCRA last night when actuaries and CBO say it raises costs? http://www.actuary.org/files/publications/Academy_Letter_to_Senate_Individual_Mandate_072517.pdf …
We are so tired of your pathetic and insincere attempts to "help" OH families. If you really cared you would have voted no. GOP has no cred.
You're so predictable. Hide behind your "concern" about addiction so you can toss Ohio under bus on health care when they bribe you w/ few $
Your words don't match your actions.
Tool.
It's simple. Vote no on McConnell's tax-cut bill. It is not healthcare.
1 way to lower costs is to keep health care.That is a big expense.Hlth care costs can be catastrophic.A major reason for personal bankruptcy
How about you stop talking and get your citizens some real help.
One OH company has to forego $200K per month in orders because it can't get enough workers who can pass a drug test: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/24/business/economy/drug-test-labor-hiring.html?_r=0 …
I absolutely cannot stress this enough: you are an evil person
Please-:;;)(/-/~>|?£¥>~|'l
Zero people believe you. You are craven. Your word means nothing and you bent the knee when your people needed you most. Ohio deserves more.
Why isn't your goal for a healthcare bill to make sure all Ohioans get quality insurance? And you know reinsurance & CSRs would lower costs.
As always, Senator, your actions speak much louder than your words and we are watching every action you do and don't make. #SaveACA
Please vote no on repeal only or any of the bills that have not been scored by the CBO. We need a responsible bipartisan solution.
Then implement the fixes that Democrats and experts have known the ACA needed for years. Up the premium subsidies. Simple!
Remember, lowering premiums, at the expense of coverage, is NOT ACCEPTABLE!
We can really lower the cost for #smallbiz and #Ohio by taxing the wealthy at a higher rate, taxing churches, and a #singlepayer system.
We can't trust you to do what you're saying
This new skinny repeal is the worst most devastating option of all. #VoteNo
CBO on repealing the individual mandate ("skinny repeal"): 20% premium spike and 15 million uninsured increase.
https://www.cbo.gov/budget-options/2016/52232 …
You're not going to lower costs for families just business that pass it on to consumers
Thanks to people like you my mom with dementia won't get the help she needs if Medicaid is cut for seniors in nursing homes.
Striping healthcare via higher premiums & deductibles as you exempt yourself helps no one. As people pay bills we will remember who did this
You're a slug in a suit and thousands of lives are on the line because of your weakness.
Are you voting NO on repeal only? What Dems have you collaborated with?
Your goal is to get the ultra wealthy their tax cut and to bankrupt and kill the poor and working class. Own it Rob. No one buys your lies.
Bullshit
You put party over country. You refuse to meet with or listen to your constituents. Your goals do not serve Ohio.
You're weak and cowardly. You put money before life. You kowtow to McConnell and Trump. Your word means nothing. You work for Ohioans not MM
I'd rather watch your vote match your promises
We see your political motivation. We will hold you accountable for the disastrous impact this bill will have on Americans if you vote yes.
Continue to stand with this bill and you will see the same political reprucussions as Trump. #lowestapproval rating in history.
U wont last if u dont support Trump

You should be ashamed of yourself. I am ashamed you are in any position "representing" Ohio, since you ARE NOT LISTENING TO US.
What about the most vulnerable among us?  That was your statement.  The GOP plans slash aid to them.

Listen to patients and Drs.    Please!!!   Address the high cost of prescription drugs and medical costs.   Fully fund the ACA!!!   Fix it!
I see where this is going. Seems like you're laying groundwork to vote for repealing ACA. But Ohio families need it.
Yet you supported the MTP knowing that repealing ACA raises costs and guts coverage levels and without obtaining the votes for your "fix".
You are failing your duty to represent constituents and we will remember. Denounce Trumpcare. Do not repeal Obamacare.
By all means, lets go back to the days when insurance companies can decided what a ore existing condition is and how they can screw you out
Of the coverage you paid for. For example. I lost my Son and went to get grief counseling.
After changing jobs, the new company assigned a penalty for the grief counseling until I was off of anti depressants for 1 year
I should have received a damn discount. And how about the people employed to help the mothers like me who lose a child?
Should they be out of a job and be unable to pay back their student loans because we couldn't get covered?
Tell me Rob. The answer is, IT DOESN'T MATTER TO THE WEALTHY.
Ohio should not forget you were part of Bush/Cheney Adm.that crashed the economy and caused millions of people to lose their homes.
If that is truly your goal, you have failed. You put insurance profit above the people of Ohio.
You want to risk the lives of the elderly, the poor, & the ill to give tax breaks to the wealthy, Is that so they can donate more to you?
What about the tax cuts for the super wealthy ??  Don't forget about those !!!!!!!
When will you start listening to the people of Ohio?
You omitted the GOP and Trump sabotaged ACA.
You emphasize the individual insurance market--only 5% of Ohio. Medicaid is 26%. Why don't we move everyone to Medicaid & make it stronger?
You're blaiming the ACA for rising insurance costs.  Hilarious. The insurance companies set the rates. Your lies are reprehensible
Traitor
Why do you think we elected you in 2010? Repeal Obamacare!
Your goal is avoiding conflict with your party not defending the citizens of Ohio.
Is it?
Liar.
Then support and improve the ACA.  The BCRA, in all the forms we've seen, will increase costs and personal bankruptcies.
Your goal was to please Mitch McConnell. You succeeded. Feel good?
my 31YO pays $125 month on the exchange- affordable. Fixing problems with ACA is fiscally responsible.
If poor people don't have health care then they don't have to pay for it.

Quality. No point otherwise
Can it also be a goal to check voice messages from your constituents, it's been full for weeks- and I have a lot to say...
Clearly answering the phone isn't even an option.
I called last night to leave a message regarding the vote that had happened and surprise! Lines were open. Hadn't been that way in weeks.
I think having your healthcare taken away really lowers the cost
Baby Killer
Baby Killer
Baby Killer 
Baby Killer
Baby Killer
Blah blah blah.
Even if you do not run again you will be remembered for your vote to give tax http://breaks.You  do not care about the Ohioans.
It is not your goal, nor your speeches that will determine if you can ever show your face in Ohio.
#pragmatic BE INNOVATIVE SIR! Sometimes less gov't does not work. FIX the ACA to work for ALL Americans...meaning insurance regs, etc.
Have you abandoned your goal of protecting Ohio's most vulnerable citizens?
Have you abandoned your goal of preserving Medicaid coverage for those struggling to overcome opioid addiction?
Unless you've abandoned your principles, you will vote No on further repeal efforts, now that your efforts to improve the bill have failed.
We need a bipartisan healthcare solution. Do the right thing, not the political thing. Lives depend on it.
It's your goal to please your donors while ignoring your constituents. Your feigned concern about the opioid crisis speaks volumes.
It is my goal to improve life for #Ohio families and #smallbiz by doing everything in my power to end your political career.  #FixTheACA
I will not watch your speech. I will watch your actions.
You are spineless, and myself and other Ohioans that voted for you won't again! Our Governor has our best interests at heart-you sell out.
Do you believe the people who will get a tax cut are making life or death financial choices?
Yes Senator, if no one can afford insurance or healthcare than the "costs" are lowered all the way down to zero. Good plan!
Your goal should be to follow the constitution. Repeal Obamacare with a 2 year delay & have the states setup programs to help those in need.
By taking Healthcare from the people. Good plan.
How about EXACT criteria? Tell us exactly how many babies you will allow to die, where's the line 90 ok, but 91 bad?
Again, IS THIS A PARODY ACCOUNT???
Healthcare is not purchased like you buy a car, or a TV. Healthcare MUST be regulated by the gov't (sorta like ACA). Free market will fail.
Then keep the ACA and make it better! I am in your district and a health insurance agent who has seen thousands of families saved by ACA!
You can't say you lowered cost be dumping tens of millions off of insurance, like saving money on S.S. by killing them before retirement.
Don't count on my household ever voting for you again
you weasel, taking healthcare from 22M Americans  you swore to protect to give $ to billionaires  Traitor!!
I've had quite enough of your lip service. Its obvious you're more concerned about under the table payoffs and party loyalty than Ohioans
Then vote no on ACA repeal & work w/Dems to fix it. $100B shouldn't buy your vote. Care about 32 million uninsured & 1 million lost jobs.
Why did you vote to throw 860,000 Ohioans off of Medicaid?
I'd rather do surgery on myself which Ohioans will have to do you TRAITOR!
Let's be for real, Rob. Your goal is to keep your Senate seat. Listen to your constituents or our goal will be to kick you out.
Liar!!!!
Just stop talking. No one believes you
My question to you and all Repubs in congress: what if Trump had been elected as a democrat? Would you be holding your tongues & supporting?
The ACA lowered my healthcare costs by nearly $800/year for birth control alone by requiring my insurance to cover it.
To say nothing of the cost of premiums for peoplein my position 8 years ago, in grad school but too old to be covered by parents.
Also all the women who had free yearly gyno checks and mammograms!
If you pass a HC law that either prices me out or allows HC cos to deny me... sure, that'll save me money. I see what you did there.
I voted for you to repeal! That's what you promised. You can add working parts of ACA, back as you rebuild.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
That's not your goal.
