Here's an idea that would help w/better wages. Support collective bargaining. Then corporations couldn't pay women less...
than men for the same work. Don't reward corporations with lower taxes for sending production overseas.
Ran as a moderate republican who denounced Trump but @senrobportman  votes with Trump 96.6% so far. Portman is the definition of milquetoast
he is bought and paid for by trump and the Republican party. He got 6 more years of screwing his constituents.
At what cost? Vague lip service may get votes, but it does little to actually help your constituents.
trickle down economics sounds nice like Communism, but in reality it just doesn't work
clean air, clean water, Healthcare for all.  #Focus!
Higher taxes? Higher than when? What did the big tax breaks that George W. Bush gave the wealthy do to the economy?
The wealthy have not had their taxes raised in the last 8 years, yet they have a larger share of overall wealth than ever.
Job growth in President Obama's second term brought us to nearly full employment. What holds wages down is the greed of...
corporations and the stagnant minimum wage. Stop getting your information from Fox News. They've been wrong a lot lately
Regulations protect the people from those who would abuse them for profit. They protect the environment from those who...
would destroy it for profit. They protect the powerless from being held down by the powerful. They were put there for reasons
Once again Sen Portman, what specific taxes too high and  specific regulations too burdensome. Easy to speak in generalities
The FBI just confirmed it has been investigating Trump’s ties to #Russia for months. Talk about that please.
he won't even mention it. Will talk about human trafficking and drug abuse. Clean water is not a priority for him.
we need youbto step up against the trump regime- his daughter should not have a west wing office- corruption
there are plenty of jobs, however with wages that require public assistance. We need better paying jobs, and or training.
thanks for making sure the rich pay fewer taxes so they have more money to buy politicians like you #devos
if #Trump was helped by Russians, @senrobportman also helped by Russians.
Can't be biz as usual with White House under investigation for serious allegations. Corruption/Collusion. GOP ignoring!
regulations like not dumping in rivers, safe work places are so burdensome.
oh Rob. You're starting to fall into the #Delusional Trump category.  Let's have a townhall to discuss.
regulations protect workers and our environment. Come on. Protect the people.  Agree with #LivingWage
supply side economics fail everytime. This only encourages wealth hoarding for the corporate elite. You represent us not them
trickle down economics sounds nice but not many large businesses owners pass profits on to the employees
good education that includes civics is the key to prosperous and engaged members of society.
invest in green energy, jobs of the future. And help the planet. Jobs are important, almost as much as air and water.  Almost
, but what if those regs are needed for worker safety or to prevent polluting communities? Corp profits don't trump all else!
code for tax evasion for the rich more tax for the working more vac with a raise for congress do your job stop WH Russians
I am out of words to describe how angry your tweets make me. Actions are louder than words. Over it. Over you. 2022 & u r out
What planet are you living on? Statements like these are simply your cover for wealthy tax breaks & screwing OH. DO YOUR JOB
You are correct but not as drastic as Donald Trump!
without healthcare we die! Regulations protect us
Doesn't matter because the workforce will be too sick and uneducated to do the jobs.
So, you'll sacrifice the Great Lakes? "One does not sell the earth upon which the people walk.” -Crazy Horse
Please stop trying to BS us. Do your job! We want the truth! Don't be a #coward Demand @realDonaldTrump tax returns.
Will admit you've been on the better side than others, but please get the TAXES. This is our country!
Not going to have to worry about taxes and regulations if our country is ruined by this scandal going  on GOP ignoring!
I'm still waiting for an answer... Every time you cut taxes, shareholders profit and no #jobs are created, what changed?
High treason is going on. Better wake up and get with the program cowboy.We won't forget he stood by and watched.#getbusy
Raise the minimum wage, improve the ACA, increase tax on families over $250k, invest in job training, healthcare, and housing
wish you cared about the people of ohio.  We need education for children, health care for all, not bs about lower taxes
china alleviated the burden of regulation and now many areas the air is unbreathable.
why aren't you up in arms about the presidents lies to the American public?
I know you are saying to stimulate the economy by lowering taxes to the wealthy...Laffer curve was a failure to economy
Senator Portman make certain any new health care bill eliminates IRMAA or exempt IRA/Roth IRA distributions exempt from IRMAA
But not by harming people and the environment. Be smarter than that.
.@senrobportman Happy when my #taxes go to #publicschools & protected #environment. #Regulations save & improve lives.
your wife drove for @_MealsOnWheels for 12 years, how can you support the president's budget that would eliminate it? 
I'm looking for your statement on today's hearings.  Please comment.  I need to know where you stand.
He'll post benign nonsense: had a great round table with hard working Ohioans. Jobs blah! No backbone, no comment
You have zero credibility. You sold the good people of this country to the highest bidders. #PortmanstandswithTrump
Is protecting Lake Erie a “burdensome regulation”?
Higher taxes & burdensome regulations have held our economy back. We need pro-growth policies to bring back good #jobs w/ better wages.#Ohio
Last time I checked those "burdensome regulations " brought our lake back to life and stopped us from lighting water on fire.
Republicans have been in charge of this state for years, if anything it's their antiquated polices that drive economy down
regulations are not holding back the economy. That sir is a bold lie.
WHY WON'T YOU #LISTENTOYOURCONSTITUENTS??? #REALTOWNHALLNOW #DOYOURJOBROB #WHODOYOUREP #WEWILLREPLACEYOU #DONTFEARUSHEARUS
Burdensome Senators have held our society back. We need to bring back accountable Senators with better intentions. Get it?
you out of office.
"Regulations" is another word for "protections".  Protections for our health, savings, economy, environment, etc. #jobs #Ohio
We need an impeachment.
Hiya Bob! You were very worried about FBI/HRC investigation, I haven't noticed your press release on FBI/DJT- link please?
pesky auto emissions regulations. Who needs clean air and water?
We need you to fight for our State! If you are supporting GOP agendas that harm millions you are part of problem! @OHDems
Who needs regulations. What's losing a hand in the job, or dying from noxious fumes or working 60 hours with no overtime?
those taxes make sure our air and water are clean. What is your children's health worth senator?
Like rolling back protections for the Great  Lakes?  Those kind of burdensome regulations?
Here's a pro-growth policy: #savetheACA! It'll keep people alive, able to work &contribute to economy. #REALTownHallNOW #Ohio
The environment is sooooo burdensome. I'm sure my grandkids will thank us for destroying the Great Lakes.
I'm tired of my taxes paying for polluters who profit without conscience. "Burdensome" saves my tax $ for hungry seniors!!!
We also need a President who is not beholden to Russia. This is not normal!
Pls name the burdensome regulations instead of continuing to offer this lame slogan. And whose higher taxes would you lower?
businesses making more money. At what cost? The environment? Safety? Workers?
It isn't hard to do business in the State of Ohio or the US. What you really mean is that businesses just want to make more $
is there a place for a discussion of "externalities?"
lets have some statistics.  And while we're at it, how about the dangers to the environment & children when we roll back regs
please cite an example of a state that has grown its economy solely through tax cuts and deregulation.
oppose the wall.
look how great that strategy is working for Kansas.
you just posted about regulated the post office. GOP = both ways
if you work 40+hrs you should not still need food stamps or daycare vouchers. Let's pay our workers!
you should tell whoever is tweeting for you to stop. Look at the replies...people are not happy with these lies
we should raise our minimum wage. Support a middle class
-what regs? Banking regs? Environmental regs? Your party, under Bush, screwed up the economy. Michigan GOP poisoned Flint H2O
regulations keep us safe, protect the environment. Necessity. Keep catering to the CEO's and ignoring people.
some regs protect business and businesses too
you talk about regulations, we need clean water, some regulations are good. You can't have it both ways. Country over party
Regulations have protected our country be what we need it to be.  Taxes have helped support our country grow.
Have you checked out the positive jobs report from the last seven years Rob? Record number of positive months? Weird huh?
Translation: I want to slash taxes on the rich and cut environmental and consumer protections.
OH Stop... "the gap between demand and GDP will continue to close & disappear w/in next 2 yrs"
"75 consecutive months of jobs growth"
it's a worry - are elected officials spreading #FakeNews to justify big lobby donations vs. their constituent best interest?
with #russian corruption hearings, #gorsuch, destroying #obamacare and covering for #45s dangerous cabinet, this distracts.
If the taxes were cycled into education,social programs, job training and research, and not the military, we'd be alright!!
tax cuts for the rich don't do anything. Trickle down economics is a sham philosophy for screwing over the middle class.
how many consecutive months of job growth did we have under Pressure Obama?
any specific policies in mind? Or just the usual boilerplate anti-union, anti-worker, environmentally irresponsible stuff? 
if only that could be done without polluting the environment and giving billions in tax breaks for the rich
Higher taxes increase income inequality and regulations protect citizens. But I think you know that don't you
Read these replies, Senator. Your constituents know more than you. Open a book!
I am guessing you only read what you like as I just looked at a ton of replies to you and taxes and regulations r not problem
Are you preparing Ohioans for capitulation on healthcare and environment? Put your constituents first, not @SpeakerRyan
That's mindless blather unless you can tell us which regulations you're targeting and why.

What about our rivers,lakes,air? What is wrong with you protecting a liar? When should we give up on you?
I already have! He's lost my vote for his "lip service" and lies!
you just recently tweeted about the need to reduce the deficit and the nat'l debt. Lower taxes won't help either of these!
.@senrobportman regulations like those that keep the Great Lakes clean? I disagree with your premise.
Can you tell us over 60 how you plan to kill us?
those "burdensome" regulations protect our workers and our environment. You know that.
Ending corporate welfare & tax cuts for the rich? How about building a wall between Ohioans & that madman in the Whitehouse!
Burdensome regulations haven't been what's taxing our economy. Nor is it taxes! Read the Columbus Dispatch lately?
Please unleash some specifics Senator.  OSHA regulations? EPA?  Minimum wage? Employee health insurance?
some regulations protect because big corp takes advantage. Also how about higher wages gir jobs already have? Fix that first!
Regulations protect our environment. Taxes help give food and health care to people. We're doing ok:
Giving companies tax credits that cover the cost or adding automation to their plants hurts our economy. #carrier
We need clean  air, to feed the hungry, public education for all,  science, & like, we don't need a 4 billion + wall.
Instead of repeated tweets on Lake Erie,opiates,etc.,you recognize and comment on Trump RUssia and what you plan to do abt it
Then clean up industrial processes before deregulating instead of poisoning us all. Your votes kill people.
Liar. Taxes have been cut and cut and cut again. Especially on the already rich. This causes not one bit of extra growth.
Can you stop lying about high taxes impeding growth?  Our economy grew FAR faster (and more equitably) when we had 91% & 70%
top tax rates on the rich, and a 50% top rate for corporations.California raised taxes and lead the nation in economic growth
Kansas cut taxes (as did Louisiana, Oklahoma, Arizona, etc) and they all lag behind the national average in economic growth.
So why do you insist on perpetuating this well known and well documented lie?  Do the Koch Brothers pay that well?
And rather than rebut your absurd "burdensome regulations" bunk, why don't you specify the regulations you deem burdensome?
Or do you prefer to stop slinging voodoo at everyone on the Twitter machine?
burdensome regulations that keep our air and water clean?
passing laws to weaken unions hurt workers.
