Aren't you a few days late?
Whatever it takes. However long it takes. Get this done. Period. #CHIP is too important to children's health to let this fail!
You know you must vote to protect children.
Portman at work:
•Allow #CHIP to expire
•Plot to take away healthcare from 32M
•Ignore PR
•Huge tax cuts for donors
•Ignore mass shootings
Vote to appoint DeVos
Why'd you let it expire?
Aren’t you a little late? Besides, why pretend to care about #CHIP when you were just trying to take health insurance away from millions?
To make more money available for tax cuts! Duh...
Shouldn't have let it slip.
How about a town hall instead of photo ops?!

I was looking forward to your stance on healthcare but you were saved by Republicans that actually have a backbone!
My question is...What in the program do you want to change? What are you taking out or changing financially. Do tell!
Which u allowed to lapse. So, how important is it to u?  How's the NRA $ sitting in your acct?
I suggest you create a time machine and go back to September before this expired to start work on it. You guys screwed the pooch on this.
Remember that time you saw videos of twenty dead kids at Newtown and then you took NRA money? You have Vegas blood on your hands.

Glad to hear this will be a priority. How about a clean bill w no games. Kids deserve action.
Why are you always off point?
Get it done. PLEASE
How about saving CHIP.  That would be one.
Looking forward to November 8th 2022.
Blood money
If it is so important, why did you let it lapse?
Make sure you don't support the tax plan then because it will affect Medicaid which will affect CHIP if you restore it.
Better late than never
Great.  Now if we can get you to support healthcare for the parents too, we'll be making progress.
You know that funding expired last weekend, don't you?  While you were on recess?  Thanks for giving all those kids more to worry about.
Give us some good news, Senator. Americans need it right now. Extend #CHIP funding. Make it happen. Thanks.
Better late than never - sad it had to lapse first! Shame on all of you! Americans are watching & inaction is same as poor action!
No you aren't. You let it expire. I don't think you care about children's healthcare.
This is a no brainer. Should not have been allowed to expire in the first place. Just get it done.
We MUST cover children's health. Think of all of those children who need the quality care that @ClevelandClinic provides
Wouldn't it have been smarter to work on #CHIP earlier?
These kids depend on adults to stay healthy!Do you care about anyone other than yourself & your $$?U make me sick!U won't be reelected!
Should have never let it lapse - irresponsible!
Oh look who wants to talk about healthcare now!How did you just ignore 9 million kids losing their insurance?They're innocent kids who cont
Great of you to remember to do your job. Who’s going to lose funding?
I think we know who you represent, Rob. And it's not poor kids. Or anyone who needs healthcare.
So... Senate Republicans' budget cuts Medicaid by $1 trillion and cuts Medicare by $473 billion. 

That's all.
Your budget is bad for CHIPS & Medicaid. Great 4 billionaires. Maybe you should save your caring tweets for them.
...let's not forget the $1.5 trillion tax giveaway to the wealthy and corporations. Hey, those numbers add up! https://twitter.com/jbendery/status/915300694399307777 …
What were you doing in that you could not vote to keep it going last week? 

Oh I know.
You said exp. Medicaid, OH's most vulnerable, % of ppl covered, lower costs, & opioid trtment was important too.
Rob, you are untrustworthy
How many times must we beg u 2   Stay away from finance stuff remember what u & W did. #fakefoxnews
Too little, too late. Plus, we know you're gutting other Medicare programs to find the money. Starting to think you're not good at this.
CHIP should be a clean bill. This is too important to strangle with other issues. @indivisibledyt @IndivisibleOH8
You let it lapse
Glad to see you're talking about more than 2 issues though. I look at your account and it looks like you only have intranet exposure.
Worried Ajit Pai took away your internet and isn't allowing you to address real constituent concerns
It expired, Senator. What were you up to last month?
You would've voted FOR a healthcare bill that L.Graham openly admits he had no idea what he was doing. Watching what you do not what you say

Thank you Senator Portman. Please don't let this important program flounder.
You are so achingly out of touch
Failing to reauthorize the program w/2017 funding goals is a disgrace.   Be a good person, fund CHIP at a higher rate than 2017.
I've heard that some in the GOP want to fund CHIP by raiding medicare/medicaid.  That's not necessary. 43221
Letting it expire shows your priorities.  Poor children's health, not up on your list: manufacturers, military, hunting, tax cuts, SESTA.
But not important enough to take up before it expired right?
After you allowed it to expire last week.  Always count on Portman to do too little too late.
Of all the committees, I can't think of a more appropriate one for CHIP than the Finance Committee. BECAUSE YOU ARE BOUGHT AND PAID FOR.
You all need a time management class.  Or is this part of the master plan to eliminate healthcare all together.
This should have been done at the time when you were rushing through a plan to cut healthcare for 32 million Americans Rob. CHIP expired on the 30th. I guess McConnell must have told you it was safe to tweet about this now that the public is calling you out....
shouldn't this have been done awhile ago before it expired?  Prioroties
Is collusion with a hostile foreign gov't, lying, & obstruction of justice jeopardizing your self-serving #taxreform, Rob?

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
& why doesn't #TrumpTaxScam look great for our most vulnerable families?
A few thoughts on this. I’m not seeing *anything* that benefits the lowest-income 35% of TPs, while the top 1% gets trillions of tax cuts. https://twitter.com/Goldfarb/status/913045734366248960 …
