What about climate change? Imagine millions of climate refugees. What will that do to the US economy?
Climate change = hoax according to @realDonaldTrump
And you believe that?
I believe that politicians and the ultra wealthy scratch each other's back and could give a shit about us
Okay. If that's true, what can we do to help ourselves avoid climate change, or other problems?
I think I am on your side. I can't see the rest of the tweet for some reason. I am for regulations
I think we're all on each others' side. Nice to see someone friendly and skeptical on Twitter.
Let's work as citizens to combat climate change and help save our country and our planet!
Social Darwinism..That is all. Shameful and cruel.
To all government employees. How about spending less time on Twitter and doing you're job.
Congress needs to work on #ImpeachTrumpNow
Raising the minimum wage would be a good way to boost wages without giving gobs of money to your millionaire supporters.
Don't you know if you increase minimum wage corporations will just increase prices hurting the disabled, retired, and poor.
You have proven over and over again that you do not understand what is important.

#sorrytryagain

#NoTaxesTilTrumpTaxes
#REALTownHallNOW
Soo out of touch!
Important that Congress Impeaches fake POTUS!
So long as it's not trickle down economics because we all know how well that worked out
Would love to see some record of that theory doing what you say it will, when history shows the opposite result. #ShowYourWork
Please do not give tax breaks to the wealthy and corporations and think that will help the middle class and poor. It won't.
But who will benefit?
Your thoughts on this President. Keeping quiet is not an option. Ohioans will not support a racist. The longer your quiet you must be w/ him
Think FairTax.
Anybody in their right mind knows that repealing & replacing Obamacare & those tax cuts are not going to help the middle class & lower class
http://False.Tax  cuts mainly benefit the wealthy & mega corporations - not middle class. You worked in budget office. You know this.
Build the wall!
Important that you keep your promises and #repeal #Obamacare 

#DoYourJob
It's not getting repealed #dealwithit
p l a t I t u d e s. #empty #vaccuous #nothing there & #howaboutatownhallmeeting
regulations protect workers and the environment:  Where are your priorities?
We don't need tax cuts to the wealthy on the backs of the middle class. If your plan is anything like healthcare we say no thank you.
Important that Congress works to #Impeach the clueless POTUS.  How bad does it have to get before you act??
They don't want to loose their jobs. They will be voted out if they ever try!!
Rob, stop talking, stop tweeting and get your lazy ass to work.  You only work when lobbyists pay you. You clearly care nothing for Ohioans
Yes so our president can have the taxpayers money to play golf,and check on his private properties around the country and world.costing alot
It might've been important to meet with your constituents while you were on break. Then you'd know tax reform is not 1# on OUR agenda. Arse.
BlaBlaBla platitudes & smooth talkWe want U helping R Pres w/his agendas not yours! Congress work?? That's 2words that don't go together!!
a 1% tax to billionaires could generate $$45 billion globally per the United Nations. --where are your priorities? .
sure Rob, we believe ya..... just like you voted against Obamacare..... Oh wait that's right, you LIED #fakeconservative
economy is doin great ...ask trump
Do you even believe your own bullshit?  You support the party over the people your supposed to serve
Important that Repub U.S. Senators show integrity by keeping word: repeal/replace O'care. THAT will truly help small business/middle class!!
How about raising federal min wage finally? The working class needs the help, not wealthy that tax cuts benefit. #FightFor15
2of2
Puts back into the economy,  growth, creates demand, honors the people who make the the products or serve the communities of USA
1of2
Tax  for  that of lowest wage employees 2yrs ahead of for executives.
Is there enough leadership in Washington to get things done.
How about a plan that doesn't transfer wealth from poor and middle class to wealthy?
Keep your hand out of our pockets, Kochsucker.
NO important that Congress correct @realDonaldTrump for his PRO NAZI stand .
Then get Obamacare Repealed
Talk is cheap Rob let's keep our Jobs strong for Ohio and take care of The retirees as well
Details. TOWN HALL!
Regulations protect us. Don't endanger people and planet for your rich donors and friends. #resist
Yes. And corporate tax cuts are NOT the way to do it. HAVE YOU LEARNED NOTHING???
You're a part of the BEAST. You can choose to remove yourself from it. Until you do everything you do as one of its members is ANTI-CHRIST.
No tax reform for the 1%! Certainly not before white supremacists in the White House get their asses kicked to the curb.
How?  Plans please!  Or is this another hidden@plan like healthcare?  How did THAT work out?
Important that Congressmen protect our nation's democratic institutions & environment from amoral POTUS and cronies like Pruitt & DeVos.
Please don't forget racists like Miller, Gorka, and Bossert!
Nobody should work with any politician who does not renounce Donnie john racist trump
You are so lame. Ohians see through your fake "I care" schtick. The only thing you care about is party loyalty & kickbacks
So, Rob, are you in DC working on #taxreform or Ohio writing asinine Tweets? How long have you been in Congress? What have you done w/taxes?
Reminder, you were Bush's budget director when he slashed taxes, exploded the deficit, and nearly crashed the world economy.
And now Republicons want to do it again, in addition to removing pesky "regulations", ie- protections for workers and the environment.
No tax reform till KBB Donny releases his U. S. tax return for the last 20 years
Your millionaire buddies don't need any more tax cuts. How about doing something for the people who gave you a job to do.
@senrobportman Millionaires don’t need more help. #TaxReform17 not one penny in tax cuts for the rich.
Just get back to work with the idea of doing something instead of meaningless rhetoric.  Get to work.
Slashing taxes, mainly for the wealthy and corporations is more like a shot in the head. Release your tax returns with #POTUS45, boost whom?
More important for Congress to combat racism than give more tax cuts to rich white guys
Ahh, the champion of the non-controversial strikes again. Take a stand against racism instead of more tax cuts for the rich!!
So give the poor a tax break, raise taxes on the wealthy, and give us a $15 min. wage
Lower taxes for uber rich =s higher deficits, no help for middle class and working poor. Increase incentives for working poor. Fix ACA.
Hope it's a better effort than healthcare was. Lifetime conservative and republican # Very Disappointed
Rob, ur Regulatory Accountability Act to 'cost-justify' any new fed reg may sit well w/ ur corp. donors, but not us protected by these regs
Support President Trump’s efforts to reform medical care, taxes and gov’t bloat. God be with you and your family.
You mean eliminate regs so your donors can benefit while screwing everyone else???
You've got bigger problems, Senator. You need to censure this president. His behavior us beyond the pale.
Working for the people, who elected you is more important then big business or the 1%, changing safety does not help the 90%.
Agreed, Senator, but I hope tax reform isn't code for obsolete trickle down economics, and reg reform isn't code for "get rid of them all."
Trickle down does not work. Helping business & the already well off does not translate to better wages. Just fatter wallets at the top.
I hope you understand that tax breaks/loopholes for wealthier people is not how to make that happen. Middle class needs more discretionary $
Remember @GOP is giving a shot in the arm to the economy by having those less able, pay for government.
More important for you to oppose our racist, fascist president. When will we hear from you?  Plus you just want to give tax cuts to donors.
Republican leaders that remain silent, wear the hood. Why does @senrobportman  supports nazi sympathizer @realDonaldTrump ? #Impeachtrump
Only tax & reg reform I have heard Congress talk about would only benefit businesses, Wall St, and the 1%. What about other 90% of us?
Always the case yes
Trickle-down has been proven a FAILURE over and over. NO TAX CUTS FOR THE RICH. Listen to your constituents. NO SUPPLY-SIDE!
Supply side hoax of Reganomics
Yep. It never works. The rich don't create more jobs, nor do corporations given tax cuts. They just offshore more$
Important as long as tax reform doesn't favor the wealthy. I'll bet you want to eliminate the estate tax. Eliminate all credits & deductions
Always does!
You will fail.  If you can't repeal and replace how do you expect to get tax reform done?
NO NO NO! Don't be fooled. White supremacy, misogyny & transphobia have been the elite's most potent defenses against genuine democracy.
Just stop. Conspire with your mess of a party and get this man out. Then you can get back to giving tax cuts to the rich.
the economy begins with your people in your district. i am all for that. my business is giving a wholesome lifestyle to my people. kudos .
Can u explain exactly how removing protections and giving huge tax cuts to the wealthy "creates jobs" and "boosts wages"? Honestly curious.
Important you impeach this insane and incompetent president and reclaim a tiny portion of your soul.
"look over there" isn't going to work! Deal with the fact that your president is a racist misogynist not see loving lunatic!
Nice article about the truth of your regulatory reform bill in the dispatch. You are a lier and I do not trust or support you.
Your silence on the fact that Gorka and Miller need to be removed from WH isn't going unnoticed.
Please start working together to pass President Trump agenda!!! You are hurting the country by not supporting the GOP agenda
Tax reform? And what will that look like in the Trump years, I wonder. #TrickleDownEconomicsDontWork
Your priority wrong.Most important: #Russiagate #Trumptaxes #Mueller #Impeachtrump & convict Focus on preserving US now;tax reform can wait
Tax cuts first, them reform. No death tax.
Why does it need a boost w/ tax cuts for the wealthy? Stock market at all time high. Unemployment at lowest point in years. Be honest plz.
Tax cuts for top 5% aren't tax reform. They are welfare for the wealthy. Regulation reform is removal of protections for U.S. citizens.
You forgot tax the wealthy, not poor or middle class.
I just realized something, Portman does write these tweets nor does he read the responses
Pretty much. @senrobportman is bought and sold...
The whole GOP is only working for the 1 precent
Why isn't your name on these letters?!? https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Racist #birther in the WH #DidYouKnow ?
Why do you support this??! #Censure #CensureTrump
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Where is your plan? Who have you convinced to vote for it? Are you just an all talk McConnell yes man?
How is tax reform going to address income inequality, which is the main cause of weakness in the American economy?
You need  to repeal Obama care or u will lose power u traiter
Important so the rich get richer.
Raise the min wage to $15!
It's not easy to survive on 30k/yr
Let alone 15k/yr that current min wage gets.
Minimum wage jobs our not meant to be life long jobs
reform rules covering non profits first.  Organizations supporting political candidates should pay taxes.
I'm sorry, but what happened to #RepealAndReplace?  Oh, that's right you took the month off for vacation. #GetAJob
You over-estimate your economic importance. Your job is to #ImpeachTrump it might save the @GOP fm death by Trump.
Thought the economy was great Rob. Stock market all time high. Let's raise the min wage. Like double it.
There are many sides to tax reform.
"But.... DEREGULATION & TAX CUTS for my corporate billionaire benefactors!"
- @senrobportman
We cannot forget the unrepentant moral cowards on the right - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2017/08/18/we-cannot-forget-the-unrepentant-moral-cowards-on-the-right/?utm_term=.24eaa3a9f86b …

How about congress work on impeaching the disgrace that is our president. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Your press sec'y calls the Union of Concerned Scientists a "lefty group" in order to discredit them. Rude, not to say dangerous.
Very important that you stand up for the majority of Americans and call POTUS out by name. See you at yr next town hall. Wait, what?
Most important that you set in motion impeachment of @realDonaldTrump @POTUS so he doesn't destroy our country.
Talk is not action. Look at health care. Can you and your colleagues get it done?
You're a fraud! Go hang with your boy Kasich!
Renewable energy companies would create jobs and help the environment. We don't need tax breaks for your buddies.
Does you idea of tax reform mean more money in the pockets of the wealthy?  Or more money for the earned income tax credit?   Pl
Please more money for the earned income tax credit
Oh. Shut. Up.
Disingenuous, passive-aggressive Rob.
Maybe y'all need to put that on hold for a minute and worry about getting an actual president in office first.
Yeah but good paying jobs are just as important these days...
Repeat after me: Trickle down does not work.
Rob, you know better.  If Trump goes farther off the rails a lot of people are going to die.  It's your responsibility to stop this.
Rob Portman DID NOT KEEP HIS PROMISE TO REPEAL & REPLACE Obamacare ! This Ohio NO LONGER SUPPORTS YOU ! LIAR !

There are serious questions about the President's capacity to lead the nation. We need more adults in White House: Gorka & Miller should go. 
https://amp.theguardian.com/inequality/2017/jul/17/trump-united-states-tax-reform-plan-greece-commitment-to-reducing-inequality-cri-index …
All for boosting wages. But how are we going to do that? Trickle down doesn't work. Stagnant/declining wages for 30 years.
We need to get crooks and grifters and racists out of the White House.   Please stand up to YOUR president.
Rob is a multi-millionaire. He couldn't care less abt constituents.
Sir, w all due respect the most important issue facing us is our lunatic president...do something about it..
No respect is due. Respect must be earned by serving constituents, not donors.

Every day in Syria little souls are crushed by Assad's killing machine #Syria 
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
