Not if you don’t require it. Legislate cuts criterion. Reinvestment, raising wages, improving benefits. You can’t trust without verifying.
NOT!!
Reagan’s trickle down ended in recession, Bush’s trickle down ended in recession,  Kansas’s trickle down ended in recession #NotOnePenny
How? Explain exactly how it will create jobs, increase wages and encourage investment? Nothing in the bill encourages or requires those.
Conservatives disagree with your nonsense.
Pick up a social studies book Rob, see how trickle down economics has worked 2 other times, horrible, great for top 1%. Hell, google it.
Liar.
According to analysts at Tax Policy Center, tax plan would give 80% of the benefits to wealthiest 1%. How's this helping middle class Bob?
If you want to increase wages, boost the earned income tax credit. Giving $ to corporations will not lead to jobs or higher wages, never has
Pat Tiberi said he was quitting may be you should leave too @senrobportman You cannot peddle these lies for too long..
What about Puerto Rico? What are you doing to help them?
It has long been proven by economist that if you want to stimulate GDP you give more money to the poor and the middle class, not the wealthy
Nope
Republicans always say that. It never works. History has proven it.
 Work for us commoners instead of your high-dollar donors for a change

B4 U vote on giving tax breaks/estate tax breaks to wealthy, make trump enforce the Russian Sanctions, fix ACA, DACA, CHIP, PR, Priorities!!
This is what it will really do
That’s a premise you are required to prove. The evidence, thus far, suggests the opposite.
I have a wall in AZ for sale CHEAP.
Bullshit
Sorry it won't create more jobs what it's going to do is allow them to invest more in a booming stock market and automate their systems
Yeah except it won't.

#NoTrickleDownEconomics
#LookAtKansas
#WorkForPeopleNotBigDonors
you need to end the tax mandate on healthcare, it is unamerican, unfair and a horrible trick u all played on us. stop insuring illegals free
Trump won't even show his tax returns. He's a compulsive liar and Portman is his accomplice. #25amendment
NO TAX CUTS FOR CORPORATIONS OR THE WEALTHIEST AMERICANS. Not one penny. And NO CUTS to vital social services & environmental protection
It’s trickle-down and that has never worked! Why do Republicans keep trotting out the same old horse?
Please stop. You’re just embarrassing yourself
Middle class tax cut will encourage & sustain economic growth!! Trickle down economics doesn’t work!!
Your tax plan is a wealth feast for the wealthy, that will leave the middle class searching for the crumbs.
Can you rotate your staffers every week or so?  This same message is tired...oh, because it’s from the 80’s.  #investinthemiddleclass
It won't. You know this. Apparently you think we don't. But, guess what?
Nope! boondoggle for the 2%! GOP is pillaging US citizens. We want good schools and medical care.
You’re disappointing me, Senator Portman. You sound like every other party puppet. 
GOP plan is to take from the middle class & give to the wealthy while adding trillions to the national debt.
Same... stuff, different day! And if we don't do something to ensure fair elections, it'll keep on happening.
No, it won't. It never has. It never will. You are lying to your constituents.
Like Trump, you say the "check is in the mail" for the middle class.
I had no idea giving big tax breaks to the wealthiest people in the country could do all those things! Sounds like magic!
Liar liar liar. Your tax plan cuts taxes for the rich and businesses who are sitting in more cash than ever, but not increasing wages.
I have not heard you say DECREASE MIDDLE CLASS INCOME TAXES.
Constituent 44074 where in the tax reform are businesses required to use money from tax breaks to create jobs and increase wages?
#TrumpTaxScam
Enough of this shit and start writing up the impeachment papers. Public trust is gone.
The tax reform in 1986 didn't unleash significant economic growth until Clinton increased taxes in 1990s. No facts just growing deficit
It's a scam!
We know your objective is to rip off the middle class and put more money in the pockets of Betsy Devos    and Cardinal Health so quit 
Your plan steals from the middle class, the frail elderly, and ailing indigent to give tax cuts to the Mercers and Koches.
Republicans have been lying about this stuff for generations. We are calling you on it.
You say it all the time but it never happens. You give 'guaranteed breaks' to business. and to citizens you give promises that don't happen.
How about u tie #taxreform breaks 4 business to #job creation, increased wages, investment in upgrading operations. Unless it's just talk.
You are a LIAR just like Trump!!
When will you push for an investigation in the Niger  shootings moron?? It’s been nearly 2 weeks. #Niger Trumps Benghazi
it's simple you lie!
Lies lies and more lies
I encourage you to meet with your constituents publicly in Ohio. The last time you did that was 1,086 days ago.
I want to know where all the republican lawmakers screaming for investigation of the killing of our 4 Green Berets are. #trumpsBenghazi
Your pla steals from the middle class, the elderly, and the poor to give tax cuts to your richest donors, and you are a complete liar.
How are you going to pay for the tax cuts for millionaires?
NOPE lying Rob -- trickle down doesn't work - you are going to make all America like Kansas - SAD
Like Kansas?
Trickle down has proven to be an utter failure. Stop protecting corporate interest and start taking care of middle income Americans.
I hope we call you former Senator soon.
Trickle Down has proven not to trickle down... The money goes to wall street to pad the investors portfolios... #GOPlies
#trickledown
History says different.
You are lying. Math doesn't lie. #TaxReform #Wealthfare
Again another lie, we know from the past this is not true. #TrumpTaxScam
It won’t. That’s a lie.

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
you’re a disgrace to ohio
More LIES by the Republicans!

