but only if they're white male christians, right?
You are nothing but a pay to play alt-right puppet.
so why did you vote to confirm DeVos?
way to lead your non-theist constituents
You were wrong on Betsy DeVos and Pruitt.
That should be the goal for all students. That's why it's important to protect the rights of students wit disabilities.
we should ensure the kids have clean air to breath too. You botched that one today.
I feel like he laughed as he typed such a hypocritical tweet. We see you for the morally bankrupt person you are.
oh please.  The GOP policies will kill me and my kids before they even make it to graduation.  When's your damn town hall?!
What about God-given illnesses? Are they on their own for that? If they can’t afford treatment maybe they don’t deserve it?
incessant pontification. No word on trump the disaster. Sleaze
Thank you so much! As a Prof at CSCC I have homeless students. It is a serious problem.
I doubledog dare you to come home and say this at a townhall to your constituents' faces.
pander much? You don't care about "our" kids...only your own. #GrabAmericaByThePussy
I don't think they can do any of that when they can't breathe clean air.
"...but to hell with their air and water...." Senator Portman, we WILL remember your votes for these pathetic cabinet members
but those student loan debts make us slaves to ppl like u I don't anything will improve #BernieSanders
If you really believed that you wouldn't have vote for devos, pruitt, et al.
While they are wearing masks like China because of your vote for Pruitt. You lost my vote.  Long memory
God doesn't give them potential TEACHERS do
what does this even mean?  You voted for nominees who will destroy education and the environment.  #wewillremember
yet you approved Betsy Devos.  Does $51,000 buy votes?
Wait, didn't you vote for B. DeVos? Get real man.
GOP turncoat.Do what ya'll geniuses been doing for years, drop the standards, lower the bar! Helps minorities make the grade.
your feel good actions and tweets are a way for you to not participate in your constituents burning issues.  COWARD!
This is why so many of the people you represent pled with you to vote No on DeVos.
Here's a home kids! But, no quality Ed (I sold it) or environment (sold that too), & ur future is shit (cause I'm a #coward)
I remember Bernie and Hillary supporting this and more. Huge mistake not electing het
Thank you for re-introducing this bill and for being willing to work across the aisle.
Empty words coming from someone who voted for DeVos
what would god say about our wall? When we stare into the abyss it also stares back at us.
that dream dies with DeVos, Pruitt, Sessions, and others who paid for your vote. Hoped you were different. #portmansellout
separation of church and state
OMG. For real? Stop tweeting about kids and education; It's obvious how you feel/vote about them&it. Leave god out of it.
is why we need a term limit and Recall Vote ability Amendment to the Constitution.  Then we could do something now!!!
How will we breath
Going to be hard to do when they've been poisoned by pollution. Should have voted "no" on Pruitt.
I would also like for my children to have a habitable planet. Apparently, that's not important to you or the GOP.
Too bad they won't have clean air or water. Thanks for nothing, you phony.
how is any of this going to happen with poisoned water and smog filled cities?  So much for the Great Lakes.
so why on earth did you vote for Pruitt? Oh I forgot party before country. Shame on you
Please ensure this by supporting public schools, educators and social services that when kids get to school, they can learn.
.@senrobportman Then why did you vote for Betsy DeVos??
You voted for Pruitt and Devos guaranteeing that our kids will be sick and ill-informed. Thanks guy.
Too little too late we won't forget come next election.
Will be difficult with #Devos at the helm.
yes, now vote no on Pruitt.
And yet you voted for Betsy DeVos. Hypocrite. No on Pruitt.
this would be inspirational if you didn't vote for DeVos in exchange for $51k and had listened to/responded to constituents.
If you really cared about our kids, you would not have sold their education to a mad billionaire. Sellout
They won't be able to do that if the environment is destroyed.  stop #pollutingPruitt
.... finaly starting to realize #DeVos was a bad idea?
that all sounds good but I'm convinced you did not listen to Ohioans when you voted @BetsyDeVos. #noScottPruitt
it's not going to happen with DeVoss. :(
Please vote no to Pruitt.  He's not the right person for the job. Keep our water and air safe.
.@senrobportman You voted for unqualified DeVos. Your rhetoric on education is hollow.
always funny coming from a conservative.
Sounds like Hillary Clinton's words.
absolutely, that includes children in poverty and children of color.  Also includes girls.  Plans?
but you install someone who openly wants to dismantle safeguards for students with disabilities .or poverty or skin color.
"Potential" does not come from God. What the hell.
Good move!
How will Betsy DeVos help that cause???
then why did you vote for DeVos?  The graduation rate is sure to plummet under her.  #unqualified  If you had listened to us!
they need good schools, clean air/water/planet, access to health care and equal rights protection. Do your job.
are you saying potential is limited by God?  That’s fucked up, sir.
@alfranken All kids?  Even transgender kids? What will you do to protect transgender kids from this administration?
how about making sure they have clean air water and land? Stop polluter Pruitt! #RejectPruitt
please help take trump's finger off the button.
the president is insane Rob. We all saw the presser. He’s going to start a war. What side of history will you be on?
Please explain why the federal government is better to handle this than the states or charities.
I agree, which I why I'm baffled by your endorsement of Betsy Devos. Stop talking out of both sides of your mouth
.@senrobportman great to have a roof, but a solid education and a clean planet too? Vote NO on Pruitt. Already screwed us with @BetsyDeVos
yes I agree..and to accomplish this we must vote out the Republicans!
And the National Guard will make sure - Putin KGB -Hitler SS and your legacy? When is enough enough!
sure sure.. how much bribe money do you need to make you work for the children and not against them?
#Portman only cares about lining his own pockets.
Getting rid of this paralyzing debt would be great too.
running up the debt following trump and his rich family around the country every weekend.
Are you planning to delay the Pruitt vote until after his 3000 emails are released by judge's order?
How does God feel about you putting Pruitt in charge of our environment? Bet I know.
would never attend a church that has u or other elected officials as members.  i don't do bigotry/hatred
might I suggest you attend an amish/menno church.  great ones in my family.  grandpa was minister 37+ yrs, never heard hate
my family also does yrs of missionary entering other countries.  they r givers of their lord, not basher of fellow men/women
god is not a part of education in our home.  my beliefs r more in line with my amish/menno.  they r amazing, Christians not
Republicans operate a #RobberyAndSubversionSyndicate. Kids pay for Kasich's failure to create jobs:
Cool but what are your thoughts on Pruitt?
sounds good but why did you support DeVos?  Oh silly me, I forgot about the 51K! NO to Pruitt & hold a town hall!
Explain to God why you support actions that would cause death and suffering to millions of people? #PHARISEE #FALSEPROPHET
Vote no on Pruitt so they have an Earth to live on.
.@amiilu71 @senrobportman Soinds like a good first step to me--oh, unless, Senator--did Pruitt buy you too? Asking for a friend. #sellout
Oh yes, sold out big time.
Which is less likely to happen now after you voted in Betsy DeVos. Money talks, eh?
Then you should vote against Scott Pruitt so he doesn't destroy the EPA which ensures the water we drink won't kill us.
Under Ohio's #Republican supermajority gov't our school ranking went from 5th in US to #23. #GOP = #failure.
#Trumpism
having health care helps that a lot. Are you going to take it away from millions?
On a safe and healthy planet. (NO to Scott Pruitt)
Nice sentiment, and looks to be a good bill. If you truly feel this way, why did you vote to confirm DeVos?
So take away their affordable access to health care, remove head start and destroy the environment. Go get 'em, Senator.
ain't it something that kids in Cincinnati have been given more potential than the ones over in Portsmouth?
.@senrobportman Then, besides her bribe, why did you vote for Betsy Devos?
Can you ensure that, Senator, with the policies you guys are pursuing taking the country back to the 1800s? Seriously!
Not to mention the puppet of a foreign power you are supporting, who's sole idea is to line his and his friend's pockets?
Don't you see the disconnect, Sir?
