Amen
Illegitimate President does NOT get to push thru a corporate scouts for life: Garland was Robbed - NO!!
NO CONFIRMATION UNTIL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION, ROB. #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS #independentinvestigation #whatareyoudoing #REALTownHallNOW
What did they say about Merrick Garland??? #ConfirmGarland #independentinvestigation #CountryOverParty #whodoyourep #whatsGarlandsrating
They gave it to Merrick Garland, too.
Which has nothing to do with the Democrats declaring Gorsuch unfit.
of course they do.  Doesn't mean he is good for PEOPLE. #NoGorsuch
Garland is also qualified.
Oh well that's different then nothing more convincing then a room full of lawyers. Do yr job stop playing politics￼
You're not listening to your constituents, Rob.

.and Garland's was better than that! One year Repugs never gave him a chance.What is wrong with you ppl. Feeling confident since reelection
We Ohio paying attention to what you do Gorsuch nominated by president under FBI investigation possible treasonous activity. #NoSCOTUS
Did they give you approval to prevent the constitutional right of @POTUS44 to appoint a judge? If you would DO YOUR JOB... #trumpClownShow
Translation : Qualified does not mean right for the job, but since he isn't right for the job, we want him. He will protect our riches
He is not in favor of the little people. Just like politicians. We will not forget your actions, senator. Don't forget who you work for.
As did Judge Garland. You really don't care about ABA rating,  your most important consideration is that nominator has R after his name.
The same can be said about Garlands D by his name.
Why are we even nominating someone when it appears Trump's whole team colluded with Russia.  Start impeachment procedures,
What did they think about Garland?
Has your account been hacked? You keep posting these. If you read the responses you'll see that there are very few if anybody that agrees
#BlockGorsuch he is #Fascist & an extremely political person.We do not support his nomination and urge you to vote #NoGorSuch
Pleas stop tweeting trying to convince your constituents.  It isn't going to happen.  We know who you work for m, not Ohio!
Senator, it was not his seat to be appointed to.
You're gonna confirm the appointee of the lamest duck there's ever been? This is ahistorical. Do the right thing. Be right with history.
You clearly have no idea what the term "Lame Duck" means...  or you're being deliberately dishonest... or both.
You're gonna confirm the appointee of the lamest duck there's ever been? This is ahistorical. Do the right thing. Be right with history.
See the @latimes editorial today on 45. Must have a robust supreme court to balance 45. #NoGorsuch
Yes, we don't want to live in a country with a corrupt POTUS, a partisan and complicit congress, and a SCOTUS looking the other way.
You need to wait for all investigations to be finished before you confirm anything @realDonaldTrump puts through. #NoGorsuch
That isn't a law or requirement. Are you under the impression that it is?
Democrats are following a recent tradition ofnot filling vacancies onthe #SCOTUS inthe middle of a presidential investigation
Judge Garland was well qualified
EveryRepublican who didn't give Merrick Garland a meeting or vote is responsible and are LIARS, PERIOD! Stolen seat!
Protesters beaten at Trump rallies can sue, judge says, because the violence against them was incited by Trump.
Missing the point.
I thought they gave that to Obama's choice.
it's to bad you acted inappropriately when #Obama was president and you took part in it.
What kind of a real man(Gorsuch) would  seize a job (SCOTUS ) that was taken away from a true judge that never received a hearing?  Ruthless
What rating did they give to Merrick Garland?
I wonder what Merrick Garland would have rated????  This president has questionable judgement...wait until the Russian investigation is over
No probe, no robe.
It will be nice having a Justice skeptical of govt power instead of Executive branch rubber stamp Garland.
Merrick Garland was equally (if not more) qualified. #saynotogorsuch
#parrotthepartyline #coward #trumpisyourlegacy
How about well principled?
Your constituents say no thanks.
You do understand the opposition of Gorsuch, like Garland, is due to potus.
Justify in your mind but unjust as it gets.
1 Garland should have had hearing
2 Trump & team under investigation - hold until complete
Who's money is behind him and what arw the going to get in return. No Dark Money! No Scotus for a  Russian mole!
Or do you even care?
What did they say about Garland?
What u need to focus on is trump Russia.  Y r u always avoiding this topic?
Stop trying to justify your bad decision to tow the party line and vote for an illegitimate nominee for a stolen seat. #PortmanSucks
Only Dems are not interested in qualified, only in legislating from the bench.
#AfterGarland
@All100Senators ABA gave Judge Merrick Garland the EXACT SAME high rating! Hypocrisy at its finest!!
But your constituents do not. Ohio is paying attention. No investigation, no confirmation.
You mean the same association whose resounding endorsement of Merrick Garland you threw in the trash to play politics? Oh, good to know.
Lol
You mean like they did judge Garland? #stolenseat
@TheDemocrats vote him in quit stalling for the American people we won't forget election days!
We don't care!
#StopGorsuch #WeObject
So did Garland!!!
he's ALT right and we will live with him forever...want a MODERATE
Hmm.. that didn't seem to matter when they gave the same rating to Judge Merrick Garland, now did it?
Judge Garland was equally qualified yet Republicans wouldn't even give him a hearing
Not an acceptable or ethical position after holding the seat open and refusing to hear Garland
And the electoral college thought @potus was qualified.  Your point?
It doesn't matter that Gorsuch is qualified. He's not the right choice for the position. He opposes women's access to reproductive services.
Garland was good too.10 million in dark money backing Gorsuch
Our election was hacked. The GOP has no mandate because 75% of the country disagrees with all of you. #GarlandnotGorsuch #noprobenorobe
Oh for gods sake. Just about every lawyer with more than 2 lawyer friends has that. Your friends vote for it. It's nothing. It's bs
A bunch of old white men.
The American Bar Association unanimously gave Judge Merrick Garland their highest rating of well qualified. Didn't care then. #opportunist
Rock the filibuster if this irrefutably qualified judge is filibustered.
Oh I can refute. For example his unanimous reversal by SCOTUS just 2 weeks ago... He's unfit
Sorry, but he ruled by the law.  He was bound by his circuit court precedent.  You comfortable with his ignoring Roe precedent?
I'm not going to Argue with u. My law school education and real world experience r telling u he's wrong. CJ Roberts says he wrong too
The ABA is not who you should be thinking of when you vote. Think of constituents first and vote against Gorsuch. @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
Lifetime SCOTUS seat stolen from electoral majority, criminal POTUS appoints "Justice" who ignores the injustice of it. No!
Liberal Garland was Obama's fault. Had he offered a moderate instead, Repubs extremely nervous about losing to Hillary, would have given in.
Senator, qualified and the right person for the job are different things.
Get out of bed with Trump! Down with Portman!!!
