Not if you give the break to corporations or the wealthy. That idea has never worked. They don't create jobs. They spend the money on...
new acquisitions (followed by layoffs within those acquisitions) and on stock buybacks to inflate shareholder value. Trickle-down is a lie.
Trickle down economics just gets your leg wet, Rob. It always takes dems to come in after, rsise taxes on rich, liwer them for mids.0
WHEN has that EVER worked?  As for wages, when the R's finish off unions expect wages to be "better" than nothing.
2% tax hike in the poor. How is that good for Ohio when the wealthy h get a 4% cut? Are you all for real with this inanity?
#ConMan @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so the RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
Portman, Ryan, Cruz, Hatch… @senrobportman is cheering the dismantling of the middle class alongside Congress’ worst.
#TaxReform will get this economy moving and will generate more #jobs & better wages. 
It would if it passes the #KochTest but this version fails!
Do you honestly believe any #Ohioan believes your BS any longer?
You better!
That song is always on the charts . But no one buys it
Just more trickle down nonsense. Big savings for the wealthy, loose change for everyone else.
Just like it has when???  You can't support wars all over the world and cut taxes.  It didn't work in 2001 did it?  BTW what is the cost?
Blah blah blah blah blah
Nope
Wondering why the people of Ohio have to continually remind you of what is right vs what is wrong? #taxcutsfortrustfundbabies
It's not reform, it's a tax cut. It won't be revenue neutral, but will explode the debt. The middle class will lose.
You still believe that trickle down BS, huh??
LIES
Stealing from the poorest Americans will not make America great, Rob. But you're okay with that?
You couldn't find a single woman to stand with you?
#PhotoOpRob smiling all the way to the bank with this 1! Paying back his donors! Giving 0 fucks about the middle class!
Trickle down didn't work 30yrs ago: @senrobportman; the gop proposal makes MORE debt for the future.
Senator, it is a retread of trickle down policy. A guaranteed tax cut for the very wealthy. Can't you do better for #Ohio?
that’s cute you think Portman gives a shot about Ohio. He’s a DC politician giving in to party line
By putting 2 billion back in the pockets of the top 15 % of American wage earners
Wrong, listen to testimony from house yesterday....@HouseBudgetDems
You guys haven't even defined the brackets yet. Yeah right!
GOP #TaxReform will do as it has every time since Reagan: give huge tax breaks to the wealthy and precipitate a massive recession.
Where's Trumps taxes ?
The Republican Party continues to try and give more tax breaks to the rich. Bad bad GOP
@SenFeinstein @SenSherrodBrown 
It's about DOG WHISTLES
It's about WEDGES
ME=It's about millionaires giving BILLIONAIRES & family BigTaxCut
Not unless it includes LARGE increases on the taxes of those who make double the median av. household income of $56,000. We need more $$!

History says otherwise
What makes this time different?
Now you're interested. Tax cuts for your buddies...
Ok.
Nope. Lies. This is tax breaks for millionaires and tax increases for middle class. We will protest in the streets.
That literally hasn't been true in my entire lifetime, bro. Decades of trickle down has done nothing but cause stagnant wages & inequality.

Reform for who? When your people explode the debt & defecit, you'll tell us it has to come out of public programs. Lather , rinse, repeat.
Liar.  This is why I didn't vote for you. If you continue to lie with garbage statements like that, I will vote against you next time too.
NOT W/ THIS TAX PLAN. Tax rich, big business. Close loopholes so they must pay. Cut poor, middle class taxes. No trickle down
It's 2001 and 2003 all over again.  Setting the stage for amother '08 collapse.
Baloney.

And more #TaxCutsForTheWealthiest.
No New #TaxcutsForTheRich . No program cuts on social services!
Lies lies lies.
The economy has been moving since 2009. How about letting workers change jobs aka better job by detaching health care from work?
I doubt it, Rob. That familiar Republican solution has NEVER done what you claim this bill will do.
No!!!
Doing a victory lap already.  Rob   I think I’ll wait and watch you guys screw this up
Sigh.  No it won't!  It never has.
We need more tax brackets not less. Why does someone who makes 200k paying the same as 2B
STOP BEING SUCH A TRUMP AND KOCH BROTHER BOOTLICKER AND WORK FOR PEOPLE IN OHIO
And help the rich.
Lies
Not the reform that is being proposed. Close the loopholes.
We voted for @POTUS...We want his tax plan, his border security plan, his healthcare plan! Put on your big boy's N girl's pants & get to it!
Praying the @GOP can at the very least support & follow through with what we voted for! @POTUS's agenda!  Finally in control & ZIP!
It'll get the Swiss economy moving, RoPo. The people you're trying to pander to aren't here. It's just us common folk.
I don't believe you.
Really, then why has that approach not worked since Regan? Trickle down economics doesn't work. It's proven.
So was this news conference after the GOP ONLY retreat??
& bigger tax cuts for the wealthiest.
Better wages for whom? Contractually limited workers in factories or for the top tier wealthy?
You were elected to represent the ALL of the People of Ohio, not just the 1% and corporations. This does nothing to help Ohioans, quit lying
Don’t know all these people but, there doesn’t appear to be any democrats in this picture. Is this another partisan bill?
So now you guys like the CBO? BTW Business Insider believes that I, a middle class homeowner, will pay more while the rich pay less.
You want to #RobthePoor so the rich can get tax cuts. No #TrumpTaxScam! And, where are Trump's taxes anyway?
Hold on a second. According to our fake President, the economy is moving. He took credit. Unemployment already low. What you saying here?
Tax reform for big corps and wealthy donors? What about the middle class???? Jobs? Uh huh... Smoke and mirrors as usual.
Maybe on Mars.
#horsehockey trickle down tax reform has only benefitted the rich.
How?  More jobs for people we don't have?
Oh and Grover Norquist is a dipstick!
You do know that "supply-side economics" was just campaign rhetoric, right?  It's just BS, no data ever supported it?  You know this, right?
You are giving money to the wealthy. As always you are in the pocket of large donors.
WHY DON'T YOU TRY HELPING PUERTO RICO INSTEAD OF DOING THIS BULLSHIT
Robo Portman has moved onto the next item on the list.
Rob's career in government has left the next generation huge debt, wars, & a rapidly warming climate.
http://innovationohio.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/IOReport_Deficit_FINAL.pdf …
Time for him to go on a long vacation. I am sure ÒHIO will take care of this problem.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME ?????????
We know you want to give your donors a tax cut. You should let your constituents know just who those donors are. Here, let me help.


Yes millions for the rich & pennies for the poor!
You are towing the Trump line HARD today. Here’s the problem: Trump is a horrible person who cares only about his own well being. Drop him.
Tax reform maybe, but what you guys are proposing is nothing but #TaxCutsForTrustFundBabies
No to trickle down economics.
No yesterday  No today 
No tomorrow Nò forever
