In  #America, the #Trump regime creates the instability & insecurity they claim to want to address. They are the problem.
fixed it for you.
I can't respect or even listen to you now (even when I agree).
Tell Trump since he lovesVlad-Are you actually paying attention to the chaos or just  taking voting orders with no thot!
yeah might want to start listening to your constituents! New PPP polls out today!
You didn't have the fortitude to say no to DeVos but we're supposed to believe you'll stand up to the Putin-loving President?
hope your sellout of Ohioans earned you brownie points with President Bannon. I called you.
and the leader of your party is in bed with Russia. Am ppl are concerned about your judgment. #StopPresidentBannon @OHDems
Blah blah blah blah blah. Blah.
You censured Warren for reading the words of Coretta Scott King & voted for Sessions. YOU are the problem, not the solution.
The Russia-Trump connection is fading from the news cycle but remains a strong concern. TRANSPARENCY!
if you are an honest man we need proof. Words are cheap. Stand up to your president and your party when they defend #Putin
DeVos is also a problem, not a solution.
.@senrobportman the deference you give 45 by confirming noms allows instability to escalate. You and your repub peers are the problem
you are behind the times. Putin is now our ally thanks to #notmypresident
correct. So why don't you and senate republicans address the fact that they tampered with our election process?
.@senrobportman call me crazy but it seems like the #kkk is usually on wrong side of things, no?? 
So what are you going to *DO* about it? Words = nice, actions = better. Start by standing up to POTUS & instability he cre8s.
You too are a problem and not a solution....you know that little #$51000 vote for DeVos...just saying. #voteyouout
You are part of the problem.  You're doing the bidding of Koch brothers and DeVos family rather than the people of Ohio.
I dont really see ISIS or any foreign power as anywhere near the threat as Betsy Devos is, and you voted for her.
Them investigate Trump's ties to Putin. Dossier shows financial  kompromat in exchange for lifting of sanctions. Principles?
you might want to take a look at the PPP poll that came out today.   You are just as responsible!
GOP ADMIN NOT working with you or for the country AND you are falling for All  his cabinet picks.  Shame on you and GOP
Now make sure you vote party and let Price steal Ohioans Medicare Vote to steal every thing now like a good puppet
That why you support Trump like a good little soldier at every turn? DEFLECT DEFLECT DEFLECT! How will you vote on Price?
you made no Tweets on DeVos or Sessions to respond to your constituents. Hiding in DC won't work foreverFace us in OH!
Please stand up to Trump.
Stop the lies and beating of war drums! US foreign policy is responsible for instability. #syria Not our business
what is your plan? The administration you support seems very cozy with #Putin , so that makes you part of the problem
Putin would like to change your mind. What's your going rate again? Didn't Devos buy you with a few thousand?
"They are the problem, not the solution." Oh. Like DeVos?
thanks for confirming a racist AG...thanks for being in lock step w/ anything Repubs do no matter how terrible..
maybe you shouldn't take money from people who support Putin. Think before you tweet! Can't wait to vote you out.
Yes, like the Putin regime has caused instability here. Please step up and start opposing his cronies here.
why would you vote in #Sessions and vote to silence your fellow senator @SenWarren Party line is unacceptable #despicable 󾓦
so why are you working to hand our country over to Putin and his puppet, Trump? Shame on you. Stop pretending to care.
Start by investigating Trump's ties to Putin.
Let me know when you tune into what your constituents are saying. don't want to miss the 30 sec where you pretend to care.
you are the problem
You worry about Syria but vote for Devos?? Really???? #Whenisyourtermup? #Ohiocantwaittovoteagain
And you are the problem and not the solution.YES to DeVos.YES to Rule 19 #letlizspeak .YES to Sessions.NO to constituents.
How can you truly believe that you have any credibility with most Ohioans after your decisions this week?
.@senrobportman then start work on IMPEACHING DONALD TRUMP, because he and #putin will get us into a WORLD WAR by the end of this year
finally something we agree on
@SenDeanHeller @SenatorSessions too racist for 1980s @GOP, Perfect racist for @SenateGOP of 2017. #theresistance
then why does @POTUS  Putin so much???  I don't know who's more dangerous 
right now our biggest problem is 45 and how you vote
will you stand up against Putin and Trump?    So far you appear in lockstep -- not free thinking.   Pls make devos pay OH $5M
Huh.  Sounds like @POTUS .  Why don't you try to fix that problem.  It's a lot closer to home.
you have lost all credibility in Ohio. We know #Putin just has to match your going rate.
Rob, Obama and Hillary created the instability in the ME. Arab Spring has been going on for 8 years bc of their ineptitude
Well you better do something about it.  Potus wants to relax sanctions at the first opportunity
Amazing analysis. BTW - I tuned into the Sessions debates today to hear my senators' positions and you didn't have one.
Well in his defense he's proved he doesn't work for the people, only donors
Please explain this to the President.
Deeply disappointed in your votes for DeVos and Sessions. Reject Price! Ohio remembers.
Explain this to your so-called president.
Well too bad you're part of Putin's puppet government, huh?
Will our students learn this in their history lessons or will DeVos scrub history for a new version?
unfortunately the only history book they're likely to see is the Bible. RIP education
You're the worst and everyone in Ohio hates you now.
In US, the Trump & Bannon regimes create instability & insecurity. You are a big part of the problem, not of the solution
You left out their buddy Trump.
Will you at least have the common sense to vote "no" on Pruitt? I mean, come on.
it depends... Did Pruitt give him a donation? If so not a chance! If not? He still won't
After you steal medicare SS The Dept Of Education bill to kill it in congress .So the GOP for profit schools are your choice
Could you possibly try to do what's best for the American people this time?
Next you voting to destroy senior citizens .Price is going to steal medicare and SS.Are we to live home less now
keep drinking the Kool Aid you will never have my vote again
yeah big talk but sorry senator you have lost lost all credibility with me and many other Ohioans. We won't forget
I'll never forget he sold out our children's education for $51,000.00
you and @realDonaldTrump are the problems #ImpeachTrumpParty
then why Senator did you vote for Rex Tillerson, a recipient of the Russian Order of Friendship?
I hope you are successful in convincing the administration as such.
we must keep an eye on them at all times and keep the public educated
Radical Islamic Terrorists/Secular-progressivism/& Libtards are the problem. Nations sovereignty must be respected! MAGA/DTS!
Of course we don't like Putin and Assad. Bad optics. Bad fluff. Why did you vote for Sessions, a bigot with a record?
in the US #PresidentBanon and Trump's regime is creating instability and insecurity, & you are too weak to #resist.
you can't expect us to believe in your words when every one of your votes support a Pro-Putin administration
your only motive is your own comfort and position.
Ask Dennis Kucinich and Tulsi Gabbard.
Sen Portman sold his vote for  $51,000!!! He' just there to collect a check.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS We're here, we're real get used to us. You cannot lie away our right to freedom of speech and press
I know another regime that you could maybe possibly stand up to...
who do you think is creating the instability here?
Just remember these tweets are now public record.  We WILL hold your feet to the fire when the time comes for you to act.
by allowing unqualified people to run our education system, you sir are the problem, not the solution.
How can you get some things mostly right and so many other things so horribly wrong?
you're definitely going to piss off Dear Leader with this stance
Start worrying about the current regime in the #WhiteHouse.
while I agree with you on this, you have zero credibility with your constituency at this point.  You sold your vote. #DeVos
Not just his vote but our children's futures. This will have implications for years to come. I will not forget.
SESSIONS! You kidding me
.@senrobportman Please tell the White House that #Putin and #Assad are the problem. His tweets suggest he thinks they are the solution.
in #USA  the Trump regime do the same damn thing and you stand and do nothing #presidentbannon @POTUS  @RoguePOTUSStaff
You're our problem and, after your voting record lately, clearly not solution.
You & your vote to invade Iraq destabilized the region, created more crises, & had no justification.
People should be hanged for the Iraq War.
Translation:  Please, for the love of God, don't ask me about my @jeffsessions vote, or the @BetsyDeVos vote. #resist
You've lost all credibility with Ohioans with your vote for Sessions.  Goodbye!
Trump won't like you criticizing Vlad. I suspect you will reverse this position when Bannon tells Trump to tell you to do so.
How ironic, a republican saying that. What the heck do you think the POTUS is doing? Same story in the USA. You r complicit.
back up the words when the time comes, Senator
ironically in the US, #Trump does the same thing, and seems to have your support.
You may want to talk to @TulsiGabbard about that. People of #Syria wonder why you're funding their killers. #NoModerateRebels
You & your Party create war, war without justification, war without end. You are the problem, Senator.
Wait. Aren't you PRO Putin?  Confusing lately.
another disappointing vote. #NoSessions
your president admires Putin
You too are a problem. You voted to for both #DeVos and #Sessions. Shame on you and your party. #ShePersisted #TheResistance
Can we get a comment on your failure to vote as your constituents asked you to concerning Sessions?
Just got out of meeting with Sen. Portman staff where we expressed our opposition to the Immigration EO, Sessions, and requested a townhall. 
it's party before people with Portman. He has proven he is not representing his constituents.
so what do you plan to do, sir?
Devos will create instability & insecurity in our schools. You are the problem, not the solution. #DumpPortman2022
maybe the solution is to give them $51,000 and they'll do whatever you tell them
so go tell POTUS. He's the Putin lover!
