He's likely the most extremist Justice in all US history. What "consensus" do you think he will build?
READ HIS OPINIONS.  A conservative who will legislate from the bench.
You're like a broken record. You think he's qualified. We get it. We think he's not. U don't get it. But u call the shots til we vote u out.
Hey Rob,
I have a group of friends that all voted for you. I own a small business and all I here is no one will ever vote for you again.
I'm secretary for public elementary school. I will ACTIVELY campaign against @senrobportman.  This was last straw. Puppet held by orange-man
Just remember ohio wont forget on election day
He couldn't build consensus to support his appointment. You think he'll change personalities on the court?
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
We're starting #WWIII right now. Your top priority is still kissing Gorsuch's ass?
I'm with Art.  Have always voted for you, will not be again.  I'm exhausted by your hypocrisy.
I will actively campaign AGAINST @senrobportman
Looking forward to joining you in getting him out! Never thought I'd be involved in a #senate campaign but tired of these #traitors.
Hardly.
Sen, @GOP lack of integrity, power hunger, corruption &lack of historical or institutional memory would be pathetic if it wasnt so dangerous
So was Merrick Garland
Oh, Sen. Portman, I think your staff must have erroneously given you the talking points you were to use upon confirmation of Judge GARLAND.
shame on you. Voted for you. You participated in stealing seat. Not right. Just not right.
Lies...and you KNOW it!

Town hall. Constituents don't like to be ignored, makes them feel like you're bought off.
Makes them REALIZE you're bought off.
Horrible choice and of course you endorsed him. One more nail in your political coffin - can't wait to vote you out!
You're a thief!
oh right....we will never overturn Citizen's United now...
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland

So you were trying to talk him up despite the majority disapproval. No thanks.
Shall we bet he is NOT THAT?   lets say IF he does I give $10,000 to your re-election if not....you give $500 to a candidate of my choice ?
Enjoy your job...you will NOT be reelected.
~Mother of 2 in Ohio, tired of u lining ur pockets while Ignoring ur constituents.
Consensus builder. #irony #linejumper
You voted against our privacy rights for campaign money. I don't care what you have to say about the Supreme Court.
Once, just once, I'd like to hear you speak the truth instead of the party line.  You've  failed us, Rob. bigly.
Where was that justification for Garland?
Consensus builder? Not in a million years. The harm will last generations. I will be sure to vote against you.
Merrick Garland
Haha, Portman must be getting a lot of phone calls. We didn't want him, his party did.
Why did get into politics?  Some self reflection might be called for
You're just a rubber stamper, face it
Don’t speak to us about consensus after your unprecedented and unprincipled treatment of Merrick Garland.
I spoke on the Senate floor abt how Judge Gorsuch is more than qualified. He will be a consensus builder on #SCOTUS. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIcC3YzVQSs …
Did you explain why you refused to allow a hearing for over a year for @potus44 nominee? Violated constitution. Party 1st, fuck America.
He is certainly qualified, but Originalism hardly builds consensus.
pretty sure this was supposed to be Garland's job.
Ten years shilling for Corp America on appellate bench, being overruled and overturned....? Interesting qualifications.... 
Remember his consensus dissent in the "frozen trucker" case in defense of his corporate masters....?
Your party stole a SCOTUS seat. We won't forget.
The deal is done. Why are you still talking about it?
And DeVos will be a great Sec of Education. We get it, you don't care about the U.S. (or us) anymore.
Would you stop already!!!  He's confirmed by #Hypocrite Republicans.  Please move on to something else!  Please!
The people of Ohio are thinking you are just afraid of losing election funds going against @realDonaldTrump or being told you better or else
Stolen seat from cheating low life republicans like yourself
are you trying to convince yourself? Because I'm not swayed. You shoved aside process to get him seated. We'll remember.
By consensus do you mean far right a_hole? That believes Special Education standard should be slightly more than nothing.
Nuclear option. So sad. Stolen seat for your ultra conservative. Sad for American women
As long as it's YOUR agenda, eh?
Just stop trying to defend your partisan actions...
Forcing the vote by changing the rules is a strategy of a playground bully.
No he won't. At least not with the people of this country.   You sell us out every chance you get.
So is plagiarism now considered strong evidence of ethics. How about disinterest in who is funneling millions on his behalf?
How about refusing to meet with the representatives of the people? face it, the @GOP done gone f'ed up and gave up on their duty to people.
Too bad his nomination will be forever tainted by the actions of the Republican Senate and an impeached president.
History will not look kindly upon you. Remember that with every self motivated vote you make.
A long way to go to get consensus with #SCOTUS who unanimously overruled his decision on IDEA. Disability community is appalled at ur action
I'm sure he'll do some photo op soon with disability community, to make it right! Eyeroll
Consensus being he's worth changing Senate rules for, which will lead to more extreme justices on both sides?
You have been in my Cafe. Our level of disappointment in you is off the charts. You ran distancing yourself from Trump. Trump puppet
No he won't. Tens of millions of us are furious & will never view him as legit.
In his stolen SCOTUS seat? #Gorsuch*
Neil paid me a lot of money to say this. His checks clear really quick
How about a town hall. Some of us would like to know what you have against democracy?
This is enough to make me physically ill, where were you when there were no hearings for Merrick Garland? I will never vote for GOP ever!
Consensus building??? Really? After petty politics nuclear option?? You want to talk consensus building? Who writes ur tweets? Sets you up?
I'm sure Merrick Garland was as well, but you didn't speak up for him or the Constitution.  You should be embarrassed and ashamed.
That's we are afraid of
Many people do not argue about Gorsuch qualifications Senator. What we call you and GOP on is hypocrisy over #MerrickGarland. Equally qual
You and all Republicans are thiefs! Steel elections and steel SCOTUS seats. Heck, you asshats even want to steel from our national lands!
You had to change rules just to get the votes. Yup, big win.
Sir you are so very wrong on this issue
You got him on the court. His qualifications or lack of them are now moot. Well see the consequences of the vote. You may end the propaganda
You would have voted no on Gorsuch if, for some unknown reason, Pres Obama nominated him. For u it is not qualifications but who nominated
Spawn of your "consensus" won't be able to build it because he'll always have that asterisk by his name: *got seat cuz of GOP temper tantrum
enough with the Gorsusch posts. You're not convincing me.
Gorsuch is a partisan hack. I side with the parents of the autistic child he denied benefits and the truck driver who almost froze to death.
EAD Portman 
can you explain to me the honor and legality in denying Merrick Garland a hearing and vote?
Also, you need to compromise to be a "consensus builder". This entire confirmation process showed the opposite.
lol
And this is one more reason I won't vote for you again even though I have every other time you've run. #justfollowtheherd
Gorsuch will corrupt the intent of the constitution. People will be harmed for generations to come. @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
Why wouldn't you even consider Garland?
Rob said "trust the American people" to steal SCOTUS from voters, & now he's hiding from them. Town Hall meeting?
#RobsOhio
He's on. You blew up democracy for him - congratulations. Gloat if you want. But don't lie- he will not be a consensus builder.
That's irrelevant. He shouldn't have had a vote until Garland was voted on. And now you're broken the Senate. Nice job.
Garland was voted on.  It was no.  Very simple.
