BREAKING: US Amb. to UN Haley: "I must condemn the aggressive actions of Russia" in eastern Ukraine. 
Please hold Trump's feet to the fire on Russia. He & his SecofState do not need to play so nice & ease sanctions
DeVos demands a clear and strong NO!
Russia’s War against Ukraine
Trump is in Putin's pocket.
Navy SEAL, 8year-old American girl died in Yemen raid
would be nice to hear this from your president
02.02.17 occupied Donetsk. Russian invaders shut rocket's set "BM-21 Grad" to Avdiyivka
https://twitter.com/GarikLampa/status/827246817368821761 …
what does crazy @potus say?
yet, you left Bannon on the NSC…. Why??
So where R they? Wait...Drumpf is paying back Putin as promised for rigging election! #resist
.@senrobportman So why has Trump lifted sanctions on certain transactions with the Russian FSB spy agency? Congress must stop this!
@jaketapper @CNNPolitics @BuzzFeedBen @thedailybeast @CIA @FBI @chucktodd @DHSgov  This must be thoroughly investigated!
@CathyYoung63 @nikkihaley 

That is just the Manchurian Candidate throwing you off the scent

Tricksy Russian Agent!
so will you be pursuing thorough investigations into Russia's interference in our election? That's what's needed.
@SlavaUkraine20 @nikkihaley #stoprussianagression
VOTE NO ON DEVOS, COWARD
The dire situation in Ohio is that we need you to stand up for our children, Rob. #noDevos
you voted for Tillerson and won't answer your phone.
How DARE you act as if YOU are not responsible!You supported Tillerson-You support trump.This atrocity is on YOU.
we will have another dire situation if DeVos rules. Step up and represent your constituents.
so does DeVos
Did someone tell @POTUS?
Oh, did she just kill her job security?The first administration comment I have agreed with
@SalenaZito @nikkihaley So much for the absurd notion that the USA is a Russian lackey. Well done ambassador Haley.
your (conservative) constituents are overwhelmingly saying NO DeVoss - will you heed what they are asking? Please reply!
#Collaborator 

This is a #RepublicanCOUP 

#EnemyOfDemocracy 
#RepublicanHypocrisy 
#GOPtreason 
#GOPtraitors
Agreed. Now let's talk about how your president turned off the recordings when he talked to Putin.
by confirming DeVos you will make the education of our students a "dire situation" and we demand you condemn her confirmation
Why are sanctions being lifted? what are you going to do to reverse it?
Just as dire as the Education situation in US will be if you vote yes on DeVos. NO ON DEVOS!
vote NO on Betsy DeVos #DoYourJob
I will not be voting for you again if you confirm DeVoss.  You are not doing what WE OHIOANS have asked you to do!  Shame!
Have you checked with your boss about this position? I think he and his bud Putin might not be on board.
What are you personally going to do?
so sanctions got lifted?
please listen to Ohioans, Betsy DeVos should not be sec of Education..Please vote NO
and continued sanctions
yes thank you.
but it's ok to pollute streams again with coal mining waste???
So why were the tech sanctions lessened?
this Ohio voter needs you to vote no to #devos
We need clear and strong condemnation of Nancy DeVos as Sec. of Education, sir!
Say CLEARLY that you support NATO. Show your POLICY reflects it. Trump wants to dismantle it.
maybe we should send Betsy Devos, she can buy the Russians like she bought you
BRAVO!
You keep tweeting about anything&everything but you feelings on*Betsy DeVos*We want to know! What do you have to say?No DeVos
you'll just vote with your wallet though, right?  #disappointed #noDevos
But where is bully President on this? Oh, he's too worried about crowd sizes and TV ratings.
So you can tweet but not hear your constituents? We don't want DeVos. Republicans and democrats alike.
Dire situation in US is one that demands your CLEAR and STRONG action! #votenoondevos #constituentsmatter
Didn't you vote for Putin's guy for Secretary of State?
Trump is kompromat!
Thank u 4 supporting sanctions against Russia. Also pls object to renewed fight in Ukraine. Bad policy.
the dire situation in the Ukraine will not directly and catastrophically impact the future of Ohio the way that DeVos does.
@jameshohmann @nikkihaley Shall we hold our collective breath waiting for the condemnation??
You WILL be voted OUT!
so glad to see you both stand up to Russia.
empty words as tech sanctions diluted and US Oil companies bribing of Putin authorized today
I would think your constituents would get the same attention #NoonDeVos for the sake of Ohio's kids
A dire situation in Congress as you ignore your constituents #NODeVos #NOPruitt #NOSessions
its not us you have to convince, it's Comrade Spraytan and President Bannon.
I sure hope POTUS doesn't get mad and  fire her for this. Since he just gave Russia Spy Agency-spyware. Sad, Sad
NO on DeVos. Get you priorities in order Sir. Quit trying to pivot with all the other tweets. We get it Rob!
You need to make sure Trump knows that
to get you to vote the way your constituents have asked you to vote.  Is this all about YOU now?
Does your boss know that you are condemning the Russians? Uh oh--
If you can tweet, or someone can tweet for you, someone can answer your phone calls from your constituents.
Are you afraid to answer your phone? Your constituents will remember this!
Correct. I just don't expect Putin and Bannon to authorize Trump to do anything that may hurt Russia.
You don't care about Ohio kids-- why do you care about Ukrainian kids? #noDevos
Trump is not going to lift a tiny little finger to Putin, and if you don’t know that, we’re screwed.
