Senate plan is wealth care, not health care
Do what the majority of your constituents want, not what YOU think is right for Ohio. You were voted in to represent US, not your wallet!
Actually, you are supposed to represent what we want. You work for us.
Your record on protecting Ohioans is nonexistent- start now by speaking out against the Republicans plan to kick Americans off healthcare
Don't sign! Our government can do better!
This is a bill that will result in hardships and even deaths for many, all to give a tax cut to the very rich. Step up and do what's right.
You never come thru for us - you keep voting for big businesses who own you. I have no ability to understand your lack of compassion.
What's best is to have integrity and vote no on wealthcare
Golly I can't stand @SenateMajLdr
Pls vote no on the healthcare bill, aid oh's vulnerable, moms & children in need, working poor & my granny in Austintown, we r relying on u
Your interview this morning sounds more like a yes than a NO. Medicaid is not the only problem and you know it. Stop publicly ignoring this.
It is a redistribution of wealth from the poor to the rich.
You often speak about the opiate crisis, but this bill only appropriates $2B for 2018. 

Ohio's Trumbull Co had 189 overdoses in March alone
Make Vivitrol affordable offer Naltrexone implants
It's best for #ohio that you vote NO on the  disastrous health bill.
I am from Ohio, and this bill will hurt vets, the elderly, disabled, children, and the poor in our state. Please vote no.
Senator, this is your opportunity to do the right thing. The health care bill will hurt the poor, sick, disabled and the elderly.  Vote no.
Not "Ohio".. TAX PAYING CITIZENS, sir.  GOP just about tax cuts for RICH and windfalls for Pharm. & business. Shame.
Start by speaking out against #BRCA and #VoteNoBCRA if it comes to a vote
Will you?  Just like you did with #DeVos?
Please vote no for many reasons. Fix the ACA, don't endanger the health of older and poorer Americans to give tax credits to the 1%. Please!
You need to listen to & act on what your constituents ask you to do, not who pays the most.It's not about disagreeing. It's doing your job.
In spite of party dictates, right?
You can't even agree with yourself. Wanna fix/treat OH addiction? You don't do it by writing a healthcare bill that strips care for addicts.
Do you care about the people in Ohio?
Vote no
When I met you in 2008 I mistook you for a genuine and kind person. If you vote for #Trumpcare I'll know it was right to leave the "GOP"
You tend to do what your donors tell you.
That's what you've shown us @senrobportman! Why should we believe you're going  to listen to Ohioans??
This is a serious question, @senrobportman - how can you listen if your office never answers the phone? How do constituents contact you?
What about the mentally ill living in group homes in Ohio?  Will you  kick them to the streets?
Then support a bill that promotes health care, not wealth transfer.
You can't be pro-life and support this bill.
What you think is best for Ohio or best for your pockets? Anything except a vote against the health care bill would be immoral. Vote NO.
Health Care is a moral issue.  It's not Ok for you to support this bill.  Ohio over party.  Fix our problems.  Don't create new ones.
I urge you not to vote for this bill.  We can, and must, do better for Ohioans and all Americans.
I'm afraid for my autistic son. Life is hard for him and me, his caregiver. Please don't pass this bill where he could lost care.

Parent whose child DEPENDS on #ACA?
@TheLoyalO NEEDS your story to inspire  REPS
Please DM me ASAP to be included.
We  #AHCA together! https://twitter.com/TheLoyalO/status/879144798061572097 …
Your own Republican Governor and ally knows the #AmericanDeathcareAct is a disaster. Listen to him.
That's what I call it too. The Death Care bill.
Then vote #no
Thank you for listening.  Demonizing other Americans who don't agree with you politically is no way to make this country great.
Acting like the middle ground is considering a bill with 16-21% national approval and a majority nowhere is dishonest and disrespectful.
I hope this bizarrely laissez faire statement is a prelude to a "no" that aligns with your campaign promises, not a yes along the party line
Without following money?
You are not "the dad". You are our representative. Hear our voices and represent us. Vote NO to strip 700000 Ohioans of insurance.
The American Medical Association (AMA) strongly opposes Trump's healthcare plan.
No healthcare bill should ever pass without their support.
How much of the $382,100 you got from insurance companies and pharma was from Ohio? How much benifited Ohio? Greed at our expense.
We can all agree that Rob Portman is bad for Ohio health.
Please think about the opioid problem  in OH. Trump-McConnell "Care" not only does nothing to address it but escalates  it. Irresponsible.
People need health care not tax cuts for the 1 precent. Letting children and seniors suffer or die with no health care is plain wrong
It boils down to this: do you think we as a society have a responsibility to take care of each other? Amazing how the evangelicals (Cruz...
...etc.) can say no. Is this the Christianity they espouse? Jesus said whatever you do for each other, you do for me, and vice versa.
This theme is almost universal in all religions, so Christian or not, we should all be against any bill that puts the poor in jeopardy
I hope that's true, but we've seen you vote what's best for your campaign war chest too many times to trust you on this.
It's hard for you to listen to us when our calls go straight to a full voicemail and you don't hold town halls. VOTE NO on #BRCA.
When did you START listening because I've seen no evidence of this...
#REALTownHallNOW
#DontRobOurCare
#NoCutsNoCaps 
#BadForOhio
Maybe you should ask Ohio's doctors and hospitals what they think.  Healthcare in OH is better under ACA by all measures.  #NoAHCA

Because the @GOP believes sick children have been "personally irresponsible" & should be punished with painful death by treatable illness? 
So you'll be voting no on the healthcare bill then? Great!
You have to vote against this "healthcare" bill. It kills people, Senator. And it makes the opioid crisis worse.
#DontRobOurCare
Why don't you have people answering the phones?  1st representative I've had with that policy and have lived in 5 states
Vote no vote no vote no vote no on the healthcare bill. Did you get that? Vote no.
Please vote no and work with others across ALL of congress to get sustainable, affordable healthcare for all. No turning back the tide now.
You are not listening if you refuse to meet w/ constituents in real town halls!
What is the logic behind slowly starving and killing 23,000 Ohioans and millions of other americans to hand a casino mogul a $4 mil tax-cut
How about you answer some questions for a change. Tell me why so many poor people should fund tax cuts for people like Sheldon Adelson?
If you can't see that killing people as a consequence of this bill makes this decision clear, you don't deserve your position. Clear choice.
You should do what your CONSTITUENTS think is best, not you, bro. You represent us.
@senrobportman Your voting record shows that you are just a slick party line politician trying to make Ohioans think our input matters.
No, you will continue to do what is best for your party.  You have not spoken for the people of Ohio
It is your moral obligation to protect that American "voice crying out in the wilderness." Did you learn anything at Dartmouth?
Vote NO on the Senate #healthcare bill. We know what's right and wrong. This bill is wrong!
Senate bill PUNISHES the poor, REWARDS the rich, and makes more American families LESS SAFE. HOW CAN YOU SUPPORT THIS BILL?
Listening is key. Preconceived and immovable ideals go nowhere
There is not one single reply here urging you to vote yes on this bill. Listen to your constituents and do the right thing. Vote no!
Your behavior to date doesn't support this claim. If you cannot understand our unease then you don't deserve your job. Good Luck #VoteNoAHCA
Instead of doing what YOU think is best, why don't you listen to us? We elected you to represent us, not tell us what to do.
The phrase is listen to everyone. Not selective listening. Vote NO on #Trumpcare #OH12 #wehiredyouwecanfireyou
As a lifelong Republican, I know the Senate healthcare bill you helped craft in secrecy is plain wrong.  So do you.  Stand against it, Sir.
Will it take a relative losing healthcare for you to wake up again, Senator Portman?!
Everyone who replied is asking you to vote no. Listen to the pleas of your constituents!
The best for #Ohio is opposing this legislation. Vote NO!!
In other words, "listen", ignore, and follow the party line.  Yeah, that's sure best for Ohio.
In other words, I'll do what's best for my political career regardless of who gets screwed over. @senrobportman
How about doing what the majority of your constituents think is best? Ur there for what we think, not what's best for you! REPRESENT!
When the majority disagrees with you, it's time at listen & act accordingly.  Not to cater to your donors.
Nothing about the AHCA would be beneficial to Ohio.  Please vote no.
This isn't even a close call. You must vote no
#BadforOhio it's common sense
You should be more concerned about what is good for the planet, this country, and then Ohio...#climatecrisis
The Senate health care bill is #Bad4Ohio
Please vote NO on the #AHCA #wealthcare #Trumpcare
Where are all the pro trumpcare replies,  senator?  Perhaps you could supply one?  Then watch us year it apart.
I am one of your constituents.  This is an immoral bill. Vote NO .
This bill is so "in your face"bad that no good person would ever even contemplate approving it.
If you are truly listening to your constituents you will not vote for trumpcare.
In your heart of hearts you know this bill is horrible for the average Ohioan. Please do the right thing #VoteNo
What YOU think is best for Ohio?! We'll see if you value money over morals is really what this comes down to
Please vote no if you really mean it.
Can we agree that if you are "prolife" real healthcare for veeyibe should be at the top of your list? #fixobamacare #wouldyoutakeahca
If you vote for the healthcare bill you did whatever was right for your party not the people of Ohio.
You said you wouldn't support a plan w/o stability for Medicaid expansion populations.  PLEASE stick to that.
A plan that doesn't support essential services doesn't support the best hope for addressing the opioid crisis.
If you can't agree that both the AHCA and BCRA are a disaster for Ohio, that tells us which Ohioans you represent and which you don't.
I have read the responses from us the voter and the answer is NO on the health care bill. Read them Rob.
Aren't you supposed to do what WE think is best for Ohio? You represent US, Senator. Vote no to #Trumpcare. That is what is best for Ohio.

A no vote is the only acceptable response from you. Anything less and I will hold you personally responsible for my grandsons healthcare.
I value life and see others as human, do you? If you are listening to Ohio vote NO. Bowing to dt, mm is on you
Vote NO on the Trumpcare Bill.
You have got to be kidding me. You've no interest in how best to take care of Ohioans. You are only interested in your pocket. @JoyAnnReid
I think you need to speak to the governor about what is best for Ohioans.
It's actually not OK to slash Medicaid & kick people off their healthcare, especially in the middle of opioid crisis. This bill is cruel.
WRONG. I don't give a shit what you think. Americans & Ohioans do not support this bill. We pay you to act on OUR thoughts. #VoteNo #NoAHCA
VOTE NO ON BRCA! THANK YOU!
BCRA
You need to continue to listen to everyone and do what we think is best for Ohio. You are an individual and work for us.
A. You DO NOT listen.
B. Doing what YOU think is best proves how little respect you have for democracy:
You don't RULE us,
you REPRESENT us.
You got $382,100 from insurance & pharma industries to craft a bill that benefits them & the mega-wealthy.
Time you start working for US.
I would like to hear something more clear and specific. You're leaving the door open to a tax cut for the rich.
Your staff member in Cleveland told me you support public forums. Please let the public have a voice!
You and @JohnKasich both know this bill is bad for Ohio. Please vote no! 43402
Listen to ur governor
Well, the hospitals, doctors, ER nurses all AGREE this is a terrible bill. Along with Ohio governor @JohnKasich and AARP #VoteNoAHCA

We are telling you and so is the Governor.  VOTE NO.
#mitchmcconnell is a #Dinosaur his kind is going #extinct be a part of the #future with #us. #VoteNoAHCA
Do what's best for the people you represent. Vote NO on the healthcare bill. Remember, your job is to serve our best interests.
Your job is to do what we, your constituents, think is best for Ohio. The AHCA is a bad bill. Do your duty.
Stand up for Ohio citizens and vote No for this healthcare bill. You should put Ohio's needs  before your political needs

I thought you were sent there by us to REPRESENTATIVE US, not yourself or the dark money & lobbyists that give you money. 1/
Maybe you forgot that. How do you figure giving a huge tax cut to the wealthy & to the insurance industry on the backs of 2/
the poor, the working class, the middle class, the disabled, the elderly, the sick & veterans is in the best interest of 3/
Ohioans or the country? How is Ohio going to absorb those costs? Are our taxes going to be raised? Services cut? Both? How 4/
Do I pay for insurance as a 58-y-o w/pre-existing conditions? How does a family pay nursing home costs for elderly parent? 4/
What if they have an elderly parent & a sick child that the ins. co says is a pre-x cond? Don't tell me this is best for 5/
us!! This is best for your party, your donors, the rich & the insurance co whose stock is going up. I'm sure this will also 6
be really good for all those who are opiod addicted. Remember them & their families? You claim to care about them. Maybe 6/
Plz vote NO on Health bill. MY twin has Cerebral palsy and my Veteran daughter is seriously I'll for life.Thank you!
There is no question that the GOP bill hurts Ohioans.
#PortmanVoteNo
Please change your position and keep your promise to "all Ohioans ". You must and should vote no on "Trump Deathcare"
You're wrong to think that the Senate Bill is what's best for Ohio #HealthCareForAll #HealthcareBill
You mean what's best for the Republican party.  Vote no on BCRA!
no cuts to Medicaid to give tax breaks to the wealthiest 400 families in the country. Fix Obamacare, vote NO on this farce!!!
It's not your job to do what YOU think best. It's your sworn civic duty to do what is in the best interest of your constituents. Vote No.
Your concern for opioid crisis is a lie if you vote for this bill which guts all programs to help. Be brave.
true, but I think we can agree it is immoral to take away care from the most vulnerable people, disabled, elderly, kids
But you're really not even trying to listen?
Oh, dang! You're voting Yes on senate healthcare bill?! There's no justification for it, except maybe to you ability to raise campaign$
Fraud.
Please, please vote no on #AHCA
Please put Ohioans before party and vote no on this bill in its current form.  #healthcare
First DeVos. Now AHCA. That's more than enough to lose this voter permanently.
I'm waiting for the punchline... that's how you're supposed to end a joke!
Why not give us some reasons we disagree ? We'd love to hear a few reasons you now support the death bill
That would be to vote no for the New healthcare act make them reform it
Please vote no on AHCA.
LISTEN is key word. Healthcare bill process behind closed doors is UNDEMOCRATIC and silences our voices
stop lying
All due respect, it's your duty to do what your constituents ask you to.
And that's OK *for you*, because you are insulated from everything. It doesn't matter *to you* what happens to healthcare or education.
Best for Ohio to vote NO on that abomination of a tax cut bill. Weren't you one of the 13 to help craft it? How are you surprised? 16%
If u don't vote no ur not on side God or goodness.If u vote for this children & babies,Handicapped & elderly will suffer.Their blood on ur 
U claim be Christian.What would God say. Ur taking $ from needy/,poor & gives it to Rich. Is that his teaching? This will hurt Alot PEOPLE
U don't work for EViL McConnell. Your supposed to work for Ohio.
I'm making a list.If u vote 4 this my Healthcare will be unaffordable & when I get ill I'll be sending my bills to all of those who took it
In addition GOP lie about ACA. I have saved $220 per month by changing ins to ACA & deductibles less.
If u vite fir that evil unAmerican sacreligious bill which steals millions from poor & gives to rich u won't be re-elected in 4 yrs
If you cause people to die unnecessarily, that is NOT OK & we will get someone else to do what is actually best for Ohio
@senrobportman Where are the tweets for a "yes" vote? Where is the disagreement? I live abroad, but I'm registered in 44023 AND I VOTE!#HCR
Just in case it wasn't clear: vote NO. This bill is historically unpopular and you represent US.
200k opioid addicts statewide,@senrobportman The substance of this health care bill is shockingly bad. The secretive process? Un-American.
Sounds like you're getting ready to vote against what the majority of your constituents want, Rob. We'll remember how you serve us in 2022!
Vote "no", @senrobportman.  Choose Ohioans over party loyalty. Be on the right side of history. #HCR
So you're voting no on Trumpcare then?
#SaveACA #NoAHCA
Then why will u not hold a town meeting?
We are tired of begging you to do the right thing. If you can't see the atrocity & inhumanity of #TrumpCare, you are unfit to lead.
You better do what we want, not what you think we want.  Smarten up Port
What you think is best?  How about what WE think is best fit US
Vote no on the health care bill.
Your job is to do as the people ask, but whatev.
You do what your corporate funders tell you to do. Listen to the VOTERS
No, senator, it's not okay if we disagree about something so fundamental as healthcare - this is literally life and death.
Voting no represents Ohio's interests. You cannot honestly believe that #ahca cutting funds will help Ohioans or the #opioidepidemic
How about you do what we ask you to do..represent us.  Healthcare for all
@ senrobportman Sacrifice the sick, elderly, and poor to line the pockets of the rich, lose my vote! (Zip 45220)
No you won't.
If you vote to strip healthcare from over 700k Ohioans, that is definitely not OK. Immoral. Cruel. Evil. Greedy. Un-Christian. Un-American.
#SaveACA #NoAHCA
HA!
Voting NO is what's best. How many constituents have said that they want you to vote for it vs how many have contacted you to vote no?
The POLITICS of EXCLUSION, the coup in progress for social reform, is not good for my future in Ohio. But, my EXCLUSION  is "best for #Ohio?
Sure--but do the right thing on healthcare--vote no on the horrible bill
Medicaid matters a lot for kids in #ohio . see Data below about its effects.
#KeepKidsCovered!
So far "what you think is best"  is the same as what the GOP tells you to do.  Just vote no.
You haven't listened yet

It's sorta shameful that your justification for killing kids is that 'we may not always agree'
I'll next trust you to put the people of Ohio over your party. But i can always hope that you'll do the right thing...
