Bull. #Republican idea of #TaxReform benefits the superrich most. The rest is pie in the sky and more deficit.  Big nation needs big gov't.
UR being watched if you pay attention and go with your buddies instead of what's right for us, the middle class you will be voted out.
It's about giving your rich friends tax cuts.
It's about the top 1% refusing to reinvest in a society that gave them success because they're addicted to inflating their balance sheets.
Hahaha 
Then maybe give tax cuts to ppl instead of the Kochs and their subsidiaries!
You're a joke!
It's about trickle down your leg economics, again!
It's about tax cuts for wealthy donors.
How interesting, Senator. Just read this tidbit this morning. Guess history is just bound to repeat itself?
How about before any tax reform is crammed through you put in a condition that Trump release his taxes? No release of Trump taxes no reform!
You know this tax is for the rich and business!  Stop the lies!
The #Fightfor15 is a better answer. Stop selling this crap about taxes
Make sure tax reform is there to benefit the working people NOT billionaires and big CORPS. Work for the people. No tax breaks for the 1 %
It's about lining politicians pockets.
Why eliminate Estate Tax?
You are right, it is about opportunity. The opportunity for the rich to get richer, and the poor to feel the pinch.
Dear God you ppl r pathetic. She lost, get over it and rejoin America
This has nothing to do with Clinton. This is all about the government raping the Middle Class that keeps this country going.
Bill isn't even written yet&DNC&media types have u spouting nonsense as law, when will u demand they stop playing Sadist to your masochism?
As soon as the sadistic republicans get out of the way of progress. They'll destroy all who aren't the 1% of left unchecked.
House monkey? Okay, since you are going to start throwing racial epitaphs...this conversation is over.
Kind of sensitive there aren't u? House monkey isn't a racial slur, at least not in my world, but apparently in yours
Blah blah blah...now we get to see this posted every single day for the next 2 years. Stop lying! #PhotoOpRob pimping himself out for $!
@senrobportman it's about tax cuts for big business and the wealthy on the backs of the almost nonexistent middle class!
No, not really, but good try.
Your opportunity. Not mine. Not for anyone who isn't worth millions.
Sit down. We're done listening to your 
You mean it's about giving tax breaks to the rich.
Exactly
When Ronald Reagan cut corporate tax rates in 1986 wages fell for four years straight. https://twitter.com/Wonkblog/status/913035320362446850 …
It's about lining your pockets.
It's about making you and your friends richer quit lying not all are so stupid to believe you care about anyone other then that
Is this more Reagonomics?  We know how well trickle down went for the middle class!
LIES
Liar, liar, liar. Trickle Down DOES NOT WORK.
It is about lies.
It’s about robbing the poor and giving to the rich.
Nothing about tRump's tax plan will help the middle class! This is not a reform, but it will be a regret!
I don't see any women or Dems in your video. Think that's part of your problem not getting anything done on The Hill?

This is some @donttrythis level turd polishing right here
You're lying. Your colleagues are lying. Your president is lying. Stop it. You're pulling a con on workers to sate the greed of the 1%.
What are you doing to get aid to #PuertoRico?
Please do not vote for greater tax inequality and tax cuts for the rich.
It's about.@realDonaldTrump showing us his tax returns so we know he is not personally benefiting from it!It's NOT about welfare for wealthy
How can u say that when u have not seen what he is proposing? Did u happen to listen to what Fake POTUS said today w/reporters! Fraud reform
It's not about the top 1% getting wealthier on the backs of middle America
It's about BS to help the GOP rich boys white club Rob! C'mon, you know you can break that hold Trump has on you-you're a Buckeye!!
It’s about you failing the voters....again
How is letting the wealthy pay fewer taxes going to do that? We have three economies in this country... Wealthy, middle class, and poor.
The @GOP says #TaxReform is about #jobs. It's really about lower wages & the opportunity for the rich to get richer. #FixedItForYou
The @GOP version of #TaxReform is cutting taxes for the rich. That's why those are the only specific cuts outlined in the "plan" so far.
No it's about profits for your real constituents - the 1%.
#TaxReform is NOT for cuts for the RICH. Keep AMT and INHERITANCE taxes. We aren't stupid. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
It's actually a huge tax cut to the rich paid for by future Americans.
So tired of seeing this same group of horrible republicans trying to dismantle everything that this great nation has achieved.
With that SOB Paul Ryan standing behind you nodding his head and smiling it makes me wonder if you aren't going to stick it to us... again.
In theory maybe, but THIS one is about more money for the UberClass.  #UberClass #TaxCare

I'm pretty sure it's mostly about the rich getting richer.
Opportunity for the wealthy.
Nah. It's about the rich getting richer and the poor being raped. NBD, right? You don't care about real Ohioans, Rob.
Did you ask Kansas how their tax reform turned out?
your tax reform is about eliminating the inheritance tax for those with millions in estate, while you remove deduct 4 mid cls
Tax cuts (which is what these are) have nothing to do with jobs and wages.
I have no trust for your definition of #TaxReform given your history.  Your version closely resemble trickle down.
How so? Like many of my fellow Ohioans, I wonder if it isn't about trickle-down economics. Separate tax reform from job creation.
It's about lower taxes for the wealthy who donate to Republicans.
Its about making the rich richer
Do you really think we are that stupid? Tax reform is about giving really rich people even more money. And history shows that doesn't = jobs
If only you were honest. Too bad you lie like Trump.
I'm not convinced it is about me or the people I know. I still believe it is about the wealthy getting wealthier. U r not standing up for us
It's about tax cuts for big money.
It's about trickle-down economics.
After your actions or lack there of with health care, I don't trust you about anything.
Trickle down DOESN’T WORK. Tax rich & big business & close loopholes so they must pay. Cut poor, middle class taxes. Period.
It’s about the GOP trying trickle-down... again... when it’s never worked. Ever.
Your tax reform is borrowing from my future.
Name one Fortune 500 that's promised to use all of its tax savings on creating jobs?
it’s about #TaxCutsForTheWealthiest
Corporate cooks their books and pays little of what they actually owe and they are still VERY RICH.  NO to trickle down!
Are you trying to pull that trickle down theory again...  never worked in past.  Bush cut corporate to 35%, increased military USA suffered
Hope you're right...
This is wealth redistribution in the wrong direction. Plain and simple. Rich get richer, middle class gets moved into poverty.

http://Healthcare.gov 
It’s about making the wealth gap as large as they can. Billionaires working for billionaires.
This is a great opportunity to see Trump's tax returns.
This type of tax reform didn't work during the Reagan years, so how will it now?
Oh please. Does anyone actually believe this?
Tax reform is about helping out you and your buddies at the expense of average Ohio families.
And making billionaires even more rich!!!!!
All I can see is that the big Corp. get lower taxes than the family business, the rich get to have all their hidden cash stay tax free and..
It's about the Kochs, Mercers, Adelsons, and Trumps being deadbeats who don't want to contribute to the country that made them rich.
I fear this is merely a giveaway to the wealthy at the expense of poor and middle class who will suffer program cuts and little tax relief
it’d be nice if it was
Opportunity for rich people. Not the rest of us.

And wait, didn't you guys freak out about the deficit? Now you're increasing it.
For the likes of the folks in that photo, and their donors.  And, for pilots of private jets.  @SecPriceMD
#stopthesethievingliars!!!
Not really. It's about money. What about interest on student loans #standuptotrump
But it's not about jobs and wages. It's about reducing taxes for the wealthy and corps. Trickle down economics doesn't work. No D input!
Look at how proud Paul Ryan is he's like speak my little pet speak..thats a good boy.. time to help the donors
No. It's about enriching the wealthy. Tax cuts will not increase jobs. #moron
Raising the minimum wage gives more spending power to people to fuel the economy. Tax breaks for the rich does nothing for the economy.
What a load of hooey. 
Still lying Mr. 50 million? 1 trillion in cuts for the wealthy is no opportunity for US#stealingfromUS #toorich2careaboutUS #stopwealthcare
#TaxReform will destroy US economy by taking $ away from most consumers & giving it to the rich who hoard it away
It's about screwing the middle class
It's about transferring income upward. You know this. We know this.

It's about not trusting the Republicans. Get Trump's tax returns, then we'll see.
It's about rich getting richer off the backs of middle class
About giving tax relief to you and your wealthy donor friends? Try again.
Yeah right, lame ducks!
Lift the #JonesAct NOW help #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
YOU ARE A PHONY!
How were you budget director, again? You have so little rigor.
Start #TaxReform with abolishing the IRS and work backwards from there.
It's the answer to every problem. Balanced budgets and paying off debt? Recession? Low unemployment, skyrocketing debt? Tax cuts.
It's about jacking up the deficit & leading us back into a great recession.
It's about lining the pockets of your wealthy donors and sticking it to the black guy who used to be president! 
It's about opportunity for your rich cronies http://Rob.You  can't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining. Trickle down doesn't work
You've been sucked into Trumpism Senator.  We're all about cutting taxes but these plans are a smoke screen for lining wealthy pockets!
It’s new math. “Doubling” the standard deduction is ruse. You take away personal exemption and dependent deductions. Most filings are easy.
Is it postcard size? I hope you tell them the truth. Does it tax our 401K? I hope you tell the truth. Does it really help or hurt. Ditto
tried of your lies
Can anyone tell me where middle class starts and ends.
Approx 35K-125K per year. Depends on where you live. Average is 35K-75K per year. Poverty wages range from 11K-23K per year.
Remember when Obama said he wouldn't raise taxes on the poor? And then raised the sin taxes, as if it wasn't the poor who utilized them most
its about trillions of dollars for the rich.. wich don't mean jobs
The ignorant don't understand that they r the end users who pay any tax placed on a corporation...
You were in the Bush cabinet that crashed the economy, why should we trust you?
No its not It is about the 1 precent and Corp America. Nothing the GOP does is for working Ohioans It is stealing from us for the 1 precent
Just pass the damn thing.
You forgot one Senator. It's about unilateral party politics. Any tax reform that affects ALL of us should be passed by MOST of us.
Koch jobs are the best jobs, if you aren't opposed to losing your dignity. Right, Robert?
#TaxReform is a political term for "bend the little guy over"
It's about corporate welfare and rich people. Puhlease.
**TRANSLATION**

"#TaxReform is about jobs, wages, & opportunity for millionaire/billionaire Wall St hedge fund managers!"

-@senrobportman
it's about giving a #taxbreak to the rich and teaching the middleclass to be thankful for whatever the #GOP deems they deserve
No. It's trickle-down rehash and it isn't needed for the super-wealthy OR paid for. #TaxReform is Wealthcare.
It's about you trying to #RobthePoor. No #TrumpTaxScam!
D O N ' T     F A L L      F O R      I T ,  A M E R I C A . . . 

    #Resist                                     #TrumpTaxScam
Awesome. NOW PASS THE BILL.
Bot
Nope. Real American.
When you get an OPPORTUNITY you SHOULD MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS
Oh yeah!  And by giving tax cuts to the wealthy, the money will trickle down to the rest of us.  Right Senator?

#TaxReform
Standard liberal trope used to protect the flow of our money to the ruling class. Nice try, but nope.
Someone will pay, NOT YOU.  Taxes never leave, Fed'l goes down, State and Local goes up.  Nothing changes if nothing changes.
Opportunity for whom? Me? You? Your donor/owners?
You do a disservice to Ohioans with your silence on just about everything.
Yes. Republican tax “reform” will lower wages, kill jobs, and take away opportunities. All for a tax-cut for the wealthy.
It's about giving your donors and friends a tax break the rest of us have to pay for.
i retired at age 45 and you want to give me a tax cut but not a manufacturing worker in Ohio? You're full of it.
