VOTE NO. Please do not hurt so many of your constituents for a tax cut for the wealthy.

This is a very tough sell.  We're asking families to forego medical coverage in order to give more money to wealthy individuals.
U represent me. I have voted for you at least twice.That's in jeopardy if u support anything that only benefits rich people, hurts the rest.
Why did u vote for him and not the Dems?
I had a reason, but priorities change. I'm not a straight ticket voter. I used to be pretty solid Rep, but that's sure changed n last 12 yrs
Please consider that this bill is going to destroy Medicaid. This will affect everyone not just those on Medicaid. That is not good for Ohio
Please consider the need of 700,000 Ohioans who need the medical coverage and have no other options. Its working. Preserve what we have now.
1/2 Republicans are all about fiscal responsibility. If #BCRA is passed, would you recommend a woman whose fetus has a heart defect should
2/2 have an abortion? Or go bankrupt having the baby and watch it die when she can't afford sugery? Thoughts?
I've read it. Why haven't you? It's a disaster for Ohio. Cruel and inhumane. Will this be your legacy? #oh12
It's time to say no.

Why didn't you demand an open process while this legislation was being crafted?
You helped write it.  What is there left to examine?
The choice of being able to buy healthcare or being rejected due to pre-existing conditions isn't a choice! Vote NO on the #AHCA
I am an MD and former Humana Medical Director. Get some clinical advice. No more $$ for insurers. Allow everyone <65 to purchase Medicare.
beware of your vote and it's backlash. The American people will push back.
I like the goals you stated in this press release. Hope you will remain conscientious with them, especially "to protect the most vulnerable"
CBO confirms that Senate bill worse in every way except handouts to rich.
No on BRCA.
It isn't about what you want. It's about what the people you represent want. Have a town hall and hear us out.
Agreed!
Medicaid covered 70% of the $939 mil that State of Ohio spent on opioid crisis.Republicans in the Senate wants to gut Medicaid. Who will pay
How's your analysis coming?
Well, the score is out Senator. Are you ready to stand up for the poor, the sick, the elderly and those ravaged by opioid addiction? Vote NO
Vote NO on the new health care plan. It will negatively impact many Americans
@SenCapito @SenCoryGardner @lisamurkowski Care for newborn/elderly/sick/disabled. Reduce premium/deductible. No one worse off. Where r they?
Have you reviewed the analysis by the CBO yet? Thoughts? #22millionmoreuninsured #15millionlosemedicaid #772billionmedicaidcuts
Currently, I'm able to run a business and purchase my own insurance without going broke. Before ACA that wasn't possible.
Why is it the only preexisting condition that isn't at risk of being cut or thrown into an overpriced pool is that of having paid past taxes
It's not if it's only good for Ohio it's not good for the entire nation. Vote No for America & Ohio
It would be foolish to vote for a bill w/ 16% approval, no knowledge of long term effect, strips away coverage and GOP will own the mess.
Vote NO. Denying health care to the sick is cruel and wrong. No way to sugar coat this bill.
You were on the working group that wrote this bill in secret, how do you not know what is in it?
So, are you trying to get out of saying anything until after the CBO score comes out? This bill is inhumane! What score could justify that?
Don't BS us, Senator. You will vote 'yes' since your GOP masters and Corporate sponsors tell you to vote 'yes'. You don't care about us.
Surely you won't abandon this young man & our many fellow Americans like him? Could you? #VoteNoAHCA  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMZ6pJy_QKg …
Weren't you on the committee that drafted it?  Were you asleep during meetings?  Who wrote it?
please listen to #MikePhillips
.@wholeexpanse, who has spinal muscular atrophy and depends on Medicaid for his care, shares his fears about what cuts could mean for him: 
Did you really get campaign donations totaling 382,100 from Insurance & Big Pharm? Is that what your vote costs?
This bill increases the cost of health care and effectively denies health care to millions.  It is pro-death, pro-suffering, and pro-rich.
What you will really be carefully weighing is the cold calculus of the GOP: big donors vs. pissed off old/poor/disabled & kids, Mr. Portman.
You're one of the 13 selected to develop the Senate proposal. The fact that you still need to examine it, to understand it, says everything.
Who actually developed this proposal, and what goals were they pursuing?  Protection of the most vulnerable was certainly not one of them.
Do not examine it. The people of Ohio do NOT want this mean, regressive bill. Do your job!! No tax cuts for the rich!
Thank you- please consider carefully! Lives are at stake.
This bill attacks "the most vulnerable". A vote for it, is a vote against women. Please show you care about people over profits and party.
If this is true, you must reject this bill. It is clear this bill will be devastating to Ohioans, particularly those who need you the most.
It's not good for OH.  Do the right thing and keep health care for Ohioans.
Senator Portman, I have been a life long Republican, but this I cannot support. Why does USA have highest health cost in the world? Fix that
Love pics of people carried away from outside your office. Talk to your people. Better yet, listen and act on their wishes.
As a mental healthcare provider, this will kill my job, and hurt millions by denying care. #NoAHCA
Please remember these are REAL lives at stake. Healthcare is a right, not privilege for the few. It is a parent, child, sister, brother.
Let me help: By 2026, 64% of nursing home residents and 60% of kids w/disabilities will lose benefits all so billionaires get tax cuts.
Or how about, you know, LISTENING TO THE PEOPLE OF THE COUNTRY.
Do the right thing for ohio and America. Don't wait-Come out now against the bill. Cause true reform. You have the power to get it done.
We're you not in the room with the other 12 old white guys when it was written.  Man up Rob.
Yes, I often find myself having to reread and examine something I personally wrote. You know what's in it and it's a bunch of bad news
It's gonna drop 220,000 Ohioans from substance abuse coverage. Do you support that?
Defund @PPact now, we do not pay taxes in this state to fund democratic campaigns
Make this truly bipartisan, the way Congress should be. Work with @SenSherrodBrown. There are 2 Ohio senators, not just one.
Have a town hall and find out what the people you represent think. I'm sure they will help you.
Examine what you helped write? Please explain b/c you're making Trump sense (none at all)
I'd appreciate it if you didn't vote to kill my friends and family @senrobportman #NoToTrumpcare
Do you really need the CBO score to see what and who will and will not be covered and why?
How can you need to review it more when you were one of the 13 secret creators?  VOTE NO.  It's a terrible bill!
Senator, if you and your colleagues hate Medicaid so much that all you can do is cut, why not think hard and come up with something better!?
Not one medical association thinks this bill helps Americans.
I'm sure you'll see to it that it receives rigorous public hearings, debate, amendments?
Are you reviewing it or are the insurance lobbyists?
Please keep the ban on lifetime limits.
So even you haven't read it even though you were on the drafting committee? What the fuck do you do all day? #ProtectOurCare
Sen. Portman can you state what the CBO have to come back with to make this bill a Yes or No - would love to see before score is released.
If you care about the sick, the elderly, and the addicted, you must #resist . There is no human decency in this bill. 
Please post the proposal for your constituents to read and we can come to our own conclusions
This bill is worse than the House Bill which the CBO said costs more than the ACA and causes 23 million to lose healthcare. So?
The fact that you don't KNOW what impact this bill will have on Americans is deeply troubling. Seems like you've decided to vote yes. #Sad
Nothing but shame and hateful legislation. More $ for the rich. This is your bill to cover us???
but didn't YOU help draft it???
please don't vote for this bill!!!!
If you have any kind of a conscience, please vote NO!
Ohioans beg you!  Vote NO!!!
Pre-existing conditions should be firm and not up to some state decision. Medicaid for all. Vote NO!
Get it done.  If the GOP doesn't get repeal/replace and tax cuts done they will lose their control of @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Must finish now!
The people want you to vote no. I am one of those people.I have preexisting conditions. Heart attack,ptsd and bipolar disorder. Among others
You're on the committee w 12 other clueless dudes who wrote it. Do any Republicans read or work for the American people anymore? #trumpcare
Good, how many Ohioans will be better off and how many will be worse off because of this bill?
YOU HELPED WRITE IT!!  DIDNT YOU PAY ATTENTION?? DID YOU NOT NOTICE THE SECTIONS THAT VOIDED HELP FOR OPIOID ADDICTIONS??
Why not examine the benefits of #SinglePayerNow it is good for all Ohioans
I thought you were on the planning committee?
Seriously didn't you help write it?  Were you not paying attention.  This statement concerns me.
Note the huge negative impact of #Medicaid cuts on #disabled Ohioans.  No way for a decent society to treat people. Thank you
Didn't you help write this, sir? Don't you know what's in it??
Uh......didn't you write it?
Please do not kill me or bankrupt my adult kids
Didn't you co-write this bill, Senator? If not, who did?
You'll vote for it regardless of the score since it includes a tax cut for the only #Ohioans you care about- millionaires!
Take me away the individual mandate screws those of us who obligation to pay every month to have coverage
You were on the committee that wrote the damn bill.
Yeah, you better Rob!
I thought you were a member of the drafting group or was that McConnell misinformation.
I hear you say after some posturing you will vote yes; please do not betray the poor, sick, elderly &vulnerable to support tax cuts for rich
Medicaid for all. End. Of. Story.
OR, once more for the people in the back, JUST VOTE NO #NoOnAHCA
It's reported that you are one of 13 Republican Senators who wrote the bill. Ghostwriter or ghosting?
sorry to creep, big fan of Brad, in SE Ohio. Glad to see ur an activist on the right side of history, too. Right on
Why do you need to review when you were a part of writing it!? Do NOT support AHCA. CBO est 23 mil will loose insurance
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE VOTE NO!!!  This bill is devastating. Let us be about healthcare not wealthcare.
Examining it? Didn't you write it??
#TheResistance
I look forward to the hearings you'll have in the health subcommittee that you chair
Please vote no!!
Weren't you part of the secretive group that wrote the monstrosity?
We are counting on you to do the right thing, Senator. Please hold out for a transparent process & a bill that will cover all who want ins.
