yeah, and @BetsyDeVos is cheating Ohio out of money. Yet you still back her.
vote NO on Betsy DeVos #DoYourJob
I will not be voting for you again if you confirm DeVoss.  You are not doing what WE OHIOANS have asked you to do!  Shame!
Vote NO on DeVos. Are you ignoring your constituents? Bad form...
.@senrobportman you are worried about our STEEL but not the kids?!?  #devos
your (conservative) constituents are overwhelmingly saying NO DeVoss - will you heed what they are asking? Please reply!
Assume @realDonaldTrump is still able to use the foreign steel he's dedicated to. #TrumpsForeignGoods #MakeTrumpBuyUSA
we need quality public education. Vote NO on DeVos
, please show you put country ahead of party and vote against adevoss - we are talkng about our children
why continue on with failed supply side economics? Are you worried about campaign donations or real economic growth?
let us protect and educate our children and our steel. NO NO NO on Devos
Yes. The Constitution can wait. Steel moguls are in danger!
World Steel production over built capacity. Big Supply little demand. Come-on,Hope you're smarter than you think Ohioans are.
2)They may put in a word for you if you don't do whats right for us!Vote*"NO DeVos"*or put your application in at AK Steal!
What about our children
Oh hey, another tweet. If you (or someone else) can tweet, someone can answer your phone calls from your constituents.
seriously. Don't we pay people to work for you?
Putin's cheating is undercutting quality American democracy. We must protect our democracy.
protect our freedom. Protect our future. Should I teach my kids to build horse buggies or Teslas? #sellout
that five million dollars that DeVos owes would go a long way to help re-educate those that need jobs, don't you think?
please vote NO on DeVos the future of children is most important.
@BetsyDeVos cheated our state out of $5 million in fines. Why don't you protect Ohioans and the nation from her?
Where have you been on this issue for the past 20 years? Ive heard nothing from you.
Again?I know who is*Hiring*AK Steal in Middletown Ohio!I'm guessing you know that or do you even bother?I have family there(1
ignoring your constituents phone calls and pleas. Let's talk about Betsy DeVos Senator Portman.  Are you listening?
#the50000sellout
Why don't you care about DeVos campaign finance cheating? She owes Ohio millions of dollars but not a peep from you.
this sounds really hollow considering @POTUS buys Chinese steel & @SenateGOP is writing a bill for federal Right To Work laws
U could be a hero if you'd do the right thing. Vote NO on DeVos!
DeVos will undercut quality American public education. We must protect our children! Listen to your constituents!!!
actually we need to protect education. Say no to DeVos
Why do I never get a response from you. I got a response from Sen Brown.
Maybe he was russian to meet Bannon and Trump.
Six years.  We will work for ohio's kids and their parents.  We will protect our state.   You aren't.
talk to your new boss Bannon about this. Can you take time to answer phones #StopPresidentBannom
i. d rather you get rid of trump..
we must protect our children's education. Vote no on DeVos!
I'd like to know the volume of calls you have recieved encouraging you to vote 'yes' on Devos...vote for ohio! No devos!!!
could you protect our kids first.. I cant wait till your up f or re-election.
you are cheating ME by not even watching the DeVoss hearing and not listening to your constituents!  #disappointed #noDevos
I promise you we are not happy and Ohioans WILL NOT FORGET! You sold out our schools! Ohio has the best public schools
(43054- New Albany, OH) please vote no on Devos. please reconsider. Our kids & communities need strong public schools
You support DeVos. Enjoy your last term. The voters are coming for you! I will be your biggest headache for screwing our kids
is voting for someone who lined your pockets a form of cheating?  Just wondering ... #noDevos
answer your phone, your constituents are calling you to vote #NoonDeVos
So is Trump buying American steel now? Your mess YOUR president!
ANSWER. YOUR. PHONE. Ohio wants you to PROTECT EDUCATION #blockdevos
VOTE NO ON DEVOS. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO DEVOS GOT.IT
Pay for play much? Your constituents are overwhelmingly asking you to Vote No on DeVos.
@SenSherrodBrown As your constituent and a welder in the steel industry, I applaud your efforts to protect our steel industry
while you are fighting don't forget our public schools #noDevos
Leave it to OH R Senator to make statement about steel when we care about DeVos. Industry 1st, kids 2nd.
please vote no on Devos
No on DeVos. I remember and I vote
So....this trade war Trump is trying to start with China, you're gonna put a stop to that, right?
Steel good. DeVos bad.
focus. No on Devos. You're selling our children's future to the highest donor.
I guess a $51,000 donation is more important than Ohio's kids. Vote on Devos if you care about kids and not $$$$
Yes on Devos!  Don't let the @NEAToday and special interests buy you out. We must fight the unions.  Parents know best.
for profit and unregulated charter schools are undercutting good charter schools and public schools
Bullshit.
, @BetsyDeVos is undercutting our children's education! Give her money back and vote no! #StopDeVos @District15Ohio
just give her money back.  That's a thought. Then you won't be beholding to Betsy NO
What about DeVos, who is trying to undercut us by buying Senate votes? Will you protect us and vote NO?
and Trump used foreign steel in his hotels #ImpeachTrump
so @POTUS appointed a white nationalist blogger to the NSC days ago, and you've been eerily quiet about it. Not fucking okay.
while Donald Trump uses China steel
...Slow down there. Are these the #jobs we need in #Ohio?
Jobs are great, but if they put us on the track to another Cuyahoga fire or can't support a family, we should pass.
It is OK to be stupid and be a political puppet but when you open your mouth to prove it..it is not OK
protect our educational system and vote against DeVos
Betsy DeVos would undercut quality American education. Listen to Ohioans and vote No on her confirmation! #DeVosHearing
you have held public office for a long time. You watched the steel industry crumble enough #fakepopulism
Please vote against DeVos for Education Sec.  Public schools are not perfect but they ensure our democracy
YOU CAN'T RETURN CALLS. YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT OHIO
 ONLY REPUBLICANS n YOURSELF YOU WILL BE GONE WHEN YOUR TERM IT'S UP!!
protect education! Vote no on DeVos. I'm your constituent, and I voted for you. Don't let me down
protect the environment also!  And while you're protecting things how about our kids education? You need to vote NO on Devos!
people care about #VoteNoDevos more than anything else right
I'd rather you worry about protecting public education. NO on DeVos.
Protect American CHILDREN first, please. Vote NO on DeVos!!!!!!!!!!!
