Shame that public  education jobs weren't a priority.
what exactly are we going to manufacture? #behindthetimes
sorry Portman, your votes for swampy cabinet members will cost u your job in a few years!
#portmanforsale
why don't you worry about the education for those who need those jobs  #checkcasher #disgrace #showmethemoney
I'm all for job creation but we have to start looking to help ppl find different avenues. Tech advances are the issue
by the way, did you vote to silence Sen. Warren?  #ShePersisted
I work in manufacturing and we can't fill the jobs we have. This is not the solution of the future.
Why did you  vote to silence Sen. Elizabeth Warren for quoting Coretta Scott King during a debate about Sen. Sessions?
portman knows nothing about work or sacrifice. He is just another worthless career tax mooching politician.
Filling those jobs is going to be tough without an educated populace. #noDevos
Actually, the kinds of jobs and wages the GOP wants to pay and use benefit from an uneducated populace.
Sadly true.
- you voted for a much less educated Ohio. Long term job growth depends on our education system. #neverforgetyourvote #devos
How soon can we in Ohio can expect results?
Ohio's GOP supermajority gov't is so owned by BigOil's it drove solar jobs out.
manufacturing jobs that pay below a living a wage requiring further subsidies to support temp jobs. Repeat the cycle.
and make devos pay the $5M back -- schools (real schools) could use the money
I guess since you supported DeVos & public schools are doomed that's good. It's the only thing our kids will be able to do
Primarily at Trump-owned properties. And not for women. They obviously talk too much.
manufacturing what?   It's not going to happen.
Dad lost his  job at steel mill in 2015. Employed there for 22 years. They made cuts & let him go. #not65 #toolate
when will we be honest and discuss how technology is putting people out of work. Those jobs won't be long lasting.
will you be working to make sure ALL those people will also have affordable reliable healthcare?
pity's too busy worrying about Nordstrom Time dump Trump
Enough of the pandering, please. Stop using the rear view mirror to lead.  Prepare for the future.  Old jobs are gone.
#BetsyDeVos 
how? Give us a plan. A real, solid, based on historical facts and trends, market-based and researched plan.
No to Sessions. No to racism. No to bigotry. Yes to putting the civil rights of Americans first.
I implore you to vote against Jeff Sessions. His racist actions speak volumes.  Stand on the right side of history.
#SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor #SenatorBought&PaidFor
REALLY? DO YOU THINK WE DON'T KNOW?
Maybe you could open some child work camps to place the children in Ohio you failed by voting for DeVos.
anyone making remarks regarding the next election did you vote for Sen Portman? I did.
thank you for supporting the decisions made by many of us prior to the election. Don't back down.
beware nestle. I will not support them taking our water
why didn't you do it before? You are just a toad to corporate lobbyists and billionaires.
you are delusional.
Jobs should not come at the expense of the environment. There are more jobs in solar than in coal.
that's good, your both gonna need a new job after this term is up!
New poll released today Pew research Senator Portman favorable 42% unfavorable 54%. uh o can you say recall
POTUS too busy defending daughter's brand
Why don't you care about Education? Because you don't need to worry about being re-elected for 6 more years?
I hope so. Because 6 yrs from now  we are gonna have ques if POTUS econ heresy flops
we will not stop until you're both out of office !
last term senator!
40/51 Republican Senators are so busy kissing Trump's ass they don't have time to do anything else. #sellout
EDUCATION is what drives the economy. #PortmanForRetirement2022
Wanna know what would REALLY bring in good skilled jobs? A decent education.
Senator, don't forget the task u have been working on for 7+yrs. Bring back Delphi pensions which = $M to Ohio! Thx
Portman crooked paid off for vote
You're going to outlaw automation?
Right? Only if u sell Trump shit in your business. Manufactured in China, Bangladesh and Twain #GrabYourWallet
Well, when no more Ohio children have proper education after you voted for DeVos, they can all go make shoes in China.
You know what would make Ohio workers skilled for work? Decent public education. #wearewatching #boughtbydevos
what's wrong with the GOP?! Always looking back when you should be looking forward.
be honest. Automation has taken most manufacturing jobs. The future is solar & green energy.
's policies will provide manufacturing jobs only to robots, for which you will go down in history as a collaborator.
you mean the jobs to build bunkers.
we'll need more manufacturing jobs with this administration's evisceration of public education
@BetsyDeVos life is easy when all you have to do is collect checks from rich people, and tow the party line, eh Rob? #OH12
You have a chance to reject #WhiteSupremacy by voting no on Sessions. Cast a healing vote. Racist AG would be tragic.
He addressed human trafficking by voting to silence @SenWarren. Is our senator a healer?
No, but he plays one on tv.
On twitter, at the least.
how about you work for the people of Ohio instead of taking bribes?
How do you feel about him intentionally tanking stocks of companies like Nordstrom's, you spineless hypocrite?
I am embarrassed by your decision to support Betsy DeVos. PLEASE do not support Jeff Sessions or Scott Pruitt.
good luck next election... you'll need it
#stopsessions and stop embarrassing Ohio
We had a great opportunity to save the education system yesterday and you blew that. I'm looking forward to voting you out.
you're going to need one of those jobs in 8 years.
hey remember how you took $51,000.00 for a vote? That makes people suspect of you and makes it hard to trust you
#NOtoSessions #ShePersisted This congress is a joke and you will be voted out.
Never gonna happen, jobs are gone, future of manufacturing = robotics not workers
@senrobportman 
@POTUS = pro corp = hates workers/rights
you have the opportunity every day to listen to your constituents and actually represent them. Please start doing so.
PLEASE GOD PLEASE BRING OUR JOBS BACK PLEASE
You're a sellout!
We also had a chance to save public education, but $51,000 got in the way.
Hey, when you buy @senrobportman, he *stays* bought. #businessasusual #paytoplay #herehavesomemoneysenator
#KeepDreaming so called senator!
I fixed your tweet for you...I think you meant "to screw over more Ohians and the rest of America".  #DumpPortman2022
