GOP not holding hearings on Garland then going nuclear for Gorsuch doesn't bode well for partisanship
Have you lost your mind or think we have?? You've been riding the partisan bus for years and now point at others? Own your actions.
How ironic when you were complicit in highly partisan plot to SCOTUS seat. You think bipartisan means Dems bend your way. Disappointed n you
Are you kidding me? You steal a SCOTUS seat and now are concerned over partisanship?!
What a hypocritical statement from someone who has demonstrated nothing but partisan politics. Say goodbye, senator, your days dwindle.
Hypocrite.
Na, just change the requirements for passage. Sad!!  Action by Republicans weak justice candidate, changed rules.
After the Gorsuch vote, u can't be more hypocritical than w/ that statement if u tried. U are awful altho not as horrible as @SenMajLeader.
You remember that time when you voted to change the rules in the senate to ram through a SCOTUS justice in an extreme act of partisanship?
Yea well I'm sure dems won't be forgetting that one. I know your constituents won't.
You have got to be kidding me. You have voted along partisan lines every time. You must be nervous as voters will remember.
You vote party line. You want to work with dems????
Senator Portman, it is the Republicans who are radical and divisive.
First iwork on issues by putting party to bed. Then identity those which improve not obliterate @BarackObama's policies just because.
Blowing up the rules of the senate to further advance one party's ideals is exactly how u work together. We are not as uninformed as u think

Damned near everything that comes out of your mouth is a lie. That's how far you've fallen, Robbie. Pathetic.
And your denial of giving Merick Garland a vote or hearing and then your  voting to eliminate the filibuster helps this how?
took $57K from the Prince fam & gave DeVos a job she was unqualified for. Prince secured communications w/  #trumprussia
r u serious about this tweet? GOP just went nuke and changed that FOREVER. Don't insult us with this phony plea. Remember!!!
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
tell that to McConnell. Next election you may well be minority and Dem's will run Senate and they shouldn't need you
Your vote to change the rules and undercut the other party's voice makes this tweet seem like yet another lie. We're not fooled.
You're concerned NOW! Shame on you!
The last 8 years have been nothing but GOP obstruction and partisanship. You're just concerned that now it might cost you votes.
I'm gonna make damn sure that his lies and hypocrisy cost him votes.
We especially need bipartisan work on climate change.
#YGBFSM! How stupid do you think we are? Just stop with the lies and the deflection of blame.
Then WHY DID YOU VOTE FOR THE RULES CHANGE?! Seriously. It's like you're telling us to look at what you say and not what you do. #hypocrite
You don't believe a word of what you are saying!  Why continue to BS your constituents.  WHO feeds you?  It sure isn't the real American.
You voted for the rules change and the illegit nominee. You are partisan. Actions speak. Your words mean nothing.  #RESISTANCE
Gotta love that the @gop only recognises or acknowledges partisanship when **they** feel obstructed. #hypocrisy #fuckwits #signofthetimes
So true! Remember when they obstructed Obama (legitimatly elected Pres) and said that they were demonstrating their strong moral values? Ha!
Yep. Pretty much. Asshats!
You refused to hold hearings on one SCOTUS nominee and then ended filibuster rules to get yours. You have no cred. Go home #hypocrite
well the nuclear option helps a lot
Here is a big issue: Russian collusion w/ Trump campaign to influence our election. We need an independent investigation now.
Ummmmmmm you ever heard of Michael Jackson? He said, 'I'm starting with the man in the mirror.' Do you need a mirror, Senator?
After the fact? After blocking Garland? You're a LOT late to the discussion. #DoYourJob
Don't be righteous & fair now, after u got wat u wanted.
The more moderate Republicans in Congress should band together and insist on moderate policies. You always seem to cave in to Trump.
And McConnell, someone who cares about his party more than his country
Hope your offspring never need an abortion.  Or join a union.  Or lose healthcare and a job.
this is a joke after the shenanigans republicans pulled with this Supreme Court seat. #stolenseat
You're a smart, educated man and I believe you have a strong moral sense. Climate is today's Pettus Bridge & your side has the dogs & hoses.
Before you can address some big issues, your GOP majority needs to find the integrity to acknowledge that they exist. And matter urgently.
Don't recall you pushing for the confirmation hearing of Merrick Garland.
After 8 years of obstruction AND voting to change long-standing Senate rules to get your way, now you want bipartisanship? #hypocrite
You can't work for your constituents!  What makes you think you can really cross an aisle?
Ha! Are you serious? Where was that attitude for the past 8 yrs? Or even for Garland nom? Ridiculous hypocrisy.
I think it is time you all quit acting like spoiled kids. We don't elect a party we elect the person
Says a man who voted for the nuclear option? And for Scott Pruitt? And for literally everything Trump wanted after years of obstructionism?
The GOP is revealing its complete incompetence.  Changing the Senate rules, the awful AHCA, selling out our internet browsing privacy...sad.
You are part of the partisanship problem.  Vote for Ohioans, not for party
like you worked togthr on that supreme court thing? You are a hypocrite. Done trying to work with you. #2022 #TrumpRussia
Said the guy who wouldn't push for hearings or a vote on Merrick Garland #PartisanStoige
Are you kidding??? If you had concerns, then why did you kill the SCOTUS filibuster??? #wearentfooledbythis #rubberstampRob #REALTownHallNOW
Actions speak louder than words
So you speak of your concern about growing partisanship, but yet you voted to go nuclear- furthering partisanship in the Senate...
You still voted for Gorsuch and never invited Merrick Garland for a meeting! Little hypocritical there Rob
Your vote to close debate on SCOTUS as well as your refusal to vote on Garland speaks louder than these hollow words
Work together? Too late. Forcing Gorsuch on us after snubbing Obama's legitimate pick has shown us who the #GOP is...and it isn't pretty.
Next election I will donate to any opponent of Mitch McConnell.

Oh really?  Actions speak louder.....
Were you so concerned when your R buddies didn't do their job with Merrick Garland? I think not.  Your concern is hollow.
If you were concerned about "growing Senate partisanship," why did you vote to go Nuclear and change the rules? Can't have it both ways.
Your vote for the nuclear option with Gorsuch heavily outweighs your supposed concern for partisanship. We won't forget this.
Give us a break, list one time when you didn't vote party line!! Quit insulting us
You have got to be kidding me. Hypocrisy much?
When are you going to start?
You truly are shameless to express your concern over partisanship after the way your party conducted itself for the past 8 years. Shameless!
Holding a judge seat hostage was a horrible way to start. Explanation for that needed before progress can start.
@SenSherrodBrown Partisanhip is not how you all got elected.  Do the right thing.  Collect 100 mil in donation and not do anything is sad.
Start by apologizing for your role in delegitimizing President Obama.
That flew out the door when you changed the rules of the senate! Plus not even giving Garland a hearing last year. You will be gone in 2020!
Then perhaps you shouldn't have eroded the capabilities of the filibuster.  It was there to force you to find a non partisan solution.
You are a prime enable of this problem. You and your party have sold us all out. Literally, your price is on record.
Pretending to be concerned about partisanship after playing fuck-fuck games with Garland's nomination is laughable. I'm embarrassed for you.
sure, because using the nuke option and voting for Gorsuch is bipartisanship at its finest 
Merrick Garland.
Oh my God, do you think Ohioans are idiots? Your "concern?" You're the problem Senator.
you just broke a senate filabuster rule!
Pot meet kettle.
Work together???  McConnell refused to even hold a hearing for Garland.  You and the rest of the Right-Wing are hypocrites!
Yet your actual voting record reflects an 87% party-line adherence.
You are the poster child for partisanship. Remember not giving Garland a hearing? That was partisanship. #hypocrite
This is why we don't trust you: Russia, women, education, children, disabilities, cancer, minorities, immigrants, guns, and so on.
So funny! You sure weren't reaching out during last admin! Your version is Ds cave. Not happening.
Rrrrrright...so long as your side wins or cheats to get what it wants. You sir are a hypocrite.
What you mean things like, oh, I don't know, a SCOTUS seat?  
Won't happen. The old dem party no longer exists. Until party of JFK returns the alt left will fight everything
.@senrobportman Why are you still trying to repeal ACA rather than working across party lines to improve it??
Will you oppose any bill that takes health care away from any of your constituents?
You really should consider doing stand up.
I'm glad you work with dems on many issues, but you also voted for the nuclear option—as big a partisan move as it gets.
Russia Russia Russia. We want answers
True! You should try it!
#NuclearOption = PARTISANSHIP. You,
@senrobportman, put party before country in stead of working with the other side.
I'm telling you this as a friend Rob- you are coming across a teeny bit hypocritical here....
Be the change that you want to see on this one Rob!! Remember alllll the times Ohio asked you to vote NO?!
Words mean nothing. Your actions show that you lack credibility and character.
One filibuster and you change the rules. Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Maybe you should have considered that for Garland, a decent man who was treated indecently, before abandoning bipartisan for Gorsuch. Yeah.
Show us your taxes. Prove you aren't involved in #trumprussia. Then preach partisanship
Another empty tweet!!
Town hall now Rob
After the way you treated Garland and destroyed the senate's reputation with Gorsuch, good luck with that.
You're presidential in that Trump way. Just when I think you've got bottom, you both grab shovels and dig lower. #hypocrite
Says the Senator who has voted party lines and money in the pocket every opportunity...
#RESISTANCE
Your constituents see who you are, Rob. You think the rules should be different for the Dems. You want to blame the Dems. Not so fast!
Are you happy about McConnell's big idea for the nuclear option? You must have-you voted for it. #StolenSCOTUSseat
I'm sorry but 8 years of "know because we don't want to give the black guy a week n" sure as fuck means we shouldn't give in to your fascism
Now that you helped hijack a SCOTUS  nominee you want to work together! Enjoy you're next career!!!
YOUR PARTY IS THE REASON FOR PARTISANSHIP BECAUSE YOU STOLE GARLAND'S SEAT AND GAVE IT TO PUTIN BY GOING NUCLEAR!  *YOU* DID THIS!!!!!!
Funny how it's always the party in power that wants to "work together"
If you actually cared about partisanship, you shouldn't have nuked the rules.
You were complicit in partisanship with Judge Garland. Dems would be fools to compromise with the cheating GOP.
The GOP has been more obstructionist than any congress in history these past few years.   You are a total #hypocrite #partybeforecountry
You ARE the issue! #votehimout
Stop acting holy than thou support ohio not 45.
I am a constituent. If u were so concerned about partisanship then why did u vote for the nuclear option? Hypocrite Republican.
You have no right to talk you voted not to let Obama supreme Court nominee have hearings then voted to go nuclear on 45s pick.
If you were truly interested in working together then why did you support the nuclear option? Why not give Garland a hearing?
As for partisanship you need to first look at yourself and the Republican party.
McConnell is embodiment partisanship. Remember his make Obama a 1term pres. comment? Get rid of him and maybe you will have some credibility
YAY!!!  BIPARTISANSHIP!!!
You've shown no respect for "working together". Why bother? Just go nuclear. Ohio will remember.
That requires courage. Portman has none.
Maybe you should have tried to get a bipartisan choice for supreme court instead of going nuclear.
But you voted for the rule change? You are a partisan and hypocrite.
..but please, do tell us all about your concerns about growing partisanship, Senator Mushmouth.
#IntolerableDoubleStandards
Big issues like GOP-Russian collusion to corrupt presidential elections in the United States.
You treated Judge Garland with rude dismissal & denied him a hearing, then you stole SCOTUS from voters, nuked the rules.
You are the biggest kind of hypocrite.  You are "Do as I say, not as I do".
I would not look for cooperation.
Is this a joke? You literally just employed nuclear option & now you want to work together? The GOP is delusional.
Then you should have worked together to assure Obama's nominee got a fair hearing and a vote. It's a little late now!
You can't complain about partisanship when your party stole Garland's seat & promised to never seat any nominee Clinton would have nominated
