Stop it!  Liar!  You don't care!  You don't care about doing anything that helps you constituents so stop tweeting.  Go away!
You just voted to kill more babies than fetanol could. Congrats!
Fraud.
Stop trying to act like you care. Your vote today proves what you care about. #PartyBeforeCountry
Doesnt matter dead is dead no difference between oding and dying from no healthcare at least with opioids they wont feel the misery
How about defending our health care Rob?  You look like the kind of weak hypocrite we have in WH when voting against ACA and tweeting this!
Which is why you should have voted no. Needed that corporate $ though right...
No. That shit is already against the law
That's why a no vote today was so important.
Stop pretending you care - you just sentenced at least 500,000 Ohioans to lose insurance and God knows how many more!
Vote no on MTP on mystery health care bill because all versions strip $$ to addiction services.   A drop in the bucket amendment not enough.
He's voting for it. That great big hypocritical, so called pro life POS senator will vote to move forward to yank healthcare away from us.
Maybe they need to leave ACA alone or fix it instead of repealing it. You just voted to screw over the very people you say you want to help.
Lack of insurance will make the options crisis worse. #killthebill
How dare you act as if you didn't just vote to take health care away from millions! How dare you act like you care.   You don't.
You betrayed your state. I hope it haunts you the rest of your days.
The answer is not in providing med care. The answer is in things like border security and cracking down on availability of those drugs.
And you care so much that you voted to end Medicaid that will help addicts?   Hypocrite.
Or not vote to repeal ACA.
FAKE Rob Portman could care less about the opioid epidemic! He just voted to take away your healthcare!
How you can tweet this and then vote to proceed on the one thing that is helping this crisis is beyond me.
What happens when Trumpcare makes addiction a pre-existing condition and these people can't get healthcare?
$$$ for healthcare  rather than tax breaks would help. Your vote to allow debate was a huge error.
Sellout
Over prescription #opioids was the original problem. Go after the docs that were romanced by drug dealer #bigpharma
Or u just vote on stripping insurance from millions

Please release the tally your office received on the vote today.
Then why did you just vote to betray Ohio and make the opioid crisis worse?
wow this coward talks about saving lives on the same day he votes to take away health insurance...
@senrobportman You voted YES today. This will destroy Ohioans lives. You should be ashamed of yourself.
That is why fixing ACA and no cuts to Medicaid are important. SAY NO TO  THE HEALTH BILL
Opioid is today's crisis. What will be tomorrow's? This health care bill & process do not represent who we are as a nation. Vote NO today!
VOTE NO!
Bullshit. If you really cared about this issue you wouldn't be voting for a tax cut for the wealthy to take away healthcare from the poor.
How dare you post this on the same day you vote vote to proceed with millions losing health coverage? Shame on you, coward. #NoTrumpCare
That's all you can tweet? Ohio if he votes yes on the Motion to Proceed  get him OUT. NEVER Forget, NEVER.
YOU are about to make the opioid crisis worse. You can fix it now. #VOTENO on the Motion to Proceed!
#NoCutsNoCaps
#NoOnMTP
#NoBCRA
#VoteNO
If u believed this, u wouldn't have helped write a bill that takes away Medicaid funding & u certainly wouldn't vote yes today. Shame on u.
And you must vote no on the Motion to Proceed on healthcare. The prosals all take care away from people caught up in the opioid crisis.
And a strong Medicaid program is essential to solving the #opioidcrisis.  #VoteNoMTP today.
Then vote against any effort to repeal theACA
If you truly cared about the option crisis you would not be voting yes to proceed with debate on this abomination of a healthcare bill
I just read that you plan to vote to repeal @ACA. Might want to work on your resume. History will judge you harshly
And yet you're voting to repeal??? How hypocritical and evil. 45211
Please vote No on ACA repeal and gutting Medicaid.  AODA and co-occurring mental health issues need them both. Please





Well if you take away my healthcare I will lose my fight against opioids! I'm in a program that takes my insurance & I can't afford it w/o
Fixing the ACA would go much farther in helping the opioid crisis than stopping mail coming into the country. StopAct would hurt businesses.
This bill is NOT going to save lives, it will end more lives.  Please do NOT support the bill.
And keep and expand the medicaid coverage that ACA gives those struggling with addiction!! #VoteNoTrumpcare #SaveOurCare
Vote No!!
Big news today is the health care bill vote. Tell us you'll be VOTING NO or u are not serious about saving lives from opioid crisis.
No, they need to support ACA and vote no on TrumpCare.
The fact that @realDonaldTrump  will be in Ohio tonight, mean that you are a yes vote on something you have never read? Help Ohio! Not Trump
If IF the Senate fully funds Medicaid we will continue to have the resources to most effectively battle opioid addiction. VOTE NO!
Vote No to proceed with repeal ..... Ohions are watching. You know how many regular people will be hurt. Are you gonna be bullied ?
Yes opioids horrible but you need to get on board with repeal of Obamacare & stop siding with Dems
Senator, what about AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE for all Americans! Are you voting for a tax cut for the rich? Are you?
My disabled younger sister needs skilled nursing 2X daily. Medicaid pays but I can't afford to. Save her life. Vote No. (OH Zip 43201)
Vote NO today.  This is important.  VOTE NO!!!
THIS, Senator!
Any senator who votes yes on the motion to proceed today has lost the right to be taken seriously when complaining about process, for life
Medicaid expansion is a must in Ohio's fight against the opioid crisis.  Ask those on the front lines...the courts.
Someone I love is a heroin addict. Medicaid is the difference between his life and death.Be a hero. Vote No. (OH zip 43201)
Senator, if you realize the opioid crisis is multi-faceted and needs comprehensive treatment, please don't gut Medicaid and vote NO! 
Voting yes for the bill will impact Ohio's hospital jobs, more importantly take away healthcare access from those that need the most.
PORTMANIf Trump can make you vote for a despised, unfinished & deadly bill--he can make you do anything. TAKE A STAND NOW

VOTE NO
U either need to get a better social media staffer or retire. U are tweeting about health care needs while on the verge of killing #medicaid
Please please vote no. Save our healthcare, save our country. End this nightmare please. @GOP=gov't of Putin. @SenateGOP #ACA #KillTheBill
If you really care about this issue, vote no on MTP.  Later, look up ibogaine - it can be very effective, but still sch. 1.
Is your allegiance to the people of Ohio who need healthcare, or to a man who only wants to sign anything and call it a win?  Ohio First!
You want to save lives?!? Vote for people today rather than inhuman @GOP politics.  Please.
Tell us, your constituents, you are voting NO on this healthcare bill that would take Medicaid away from Ohioans!
I didn't vote for @JohnKasich but I stand with him in urging Ohio's one of two senators who is choosing Trump and party over Ohioans.
Sure, whatever, VOTE NO today
VOTE NO on ACA repeal without replacement. Fix healthcare, don't destroy it. I know so many relying on ACA!!!
After you vote on a healthcare bill that you don't knows what's in it, no one will ever say again the Senate is a "deliberate body".

AHCA. BCRA. Motion to proceed. Repeal-only. All = HIGHER costs & LESS coverage for millions of Americans. Senate, #VoteNO!
Call all his offices: https://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/office-locations … and 
email his healthcare staffer: sarah_schmidt@portman.senate.gov #NoBCRA
That is why you must vote no on full repeal.
Do not vote to repeal and replace if you honestly want to help your constituents.
Please find it in your  2 vote no today!my dad with Leukemia&my 2 kids with a rare genetic disorder R counting on U 2 do the right thing.
you must also vote no on this joke of a healthcare bill. I am a physician assistant in Ohio and I urge you to vote no.
Vote no on repeal of ACA, stand up for Ohioans! Awaiting your non response
Don't you dare confuse it with the vote for killing Americans healthcare. Vote no to save lives.
Then do us all a favor and vote NO on repealing the ACA or kiss your career goodbye.

Play this video in the Senate. Staff Sergeant Alexis Scott Sustained injuries in Iraq that's Medicaid treats. 500k vets at risk w vote. https://twitter.com/TalkPoverty/status/889842785993490433 …
The opiod crisis will be much harder to fight when #ORRA strips $842 billion from Medicaid. #VoteNoMTP.
Remember the kids today when you are voting for health care.  They deserve care too!!!  and not labeled as a preexisting condition!
No we don't want to lose HC so the rich can receive billions in tax cuts! Voting yes will = death sentence to the sick & to @SenateGOP
#AHCA
Vote NO on #BCRA
Then go fix #ACA the bipartisan way as it should be. Every1 deserves healthcare! 
McCain, Scalise knows the need 4 it
#AHCA
Passing something that only has 17% approval will wipe repubs out in 2018/2020. Just look at what happened to dems!
All the other countries provide healthcare w/o all the problems. Stop the #greed ! Ppls lives mean something! #BigPharma #insurance
Vote no!
Do not sign some ego-stoking death-care bill for the POTUS. Healthcare is right not a widgets. See the DOI and Bible - Matthew25:31-46.
If you can't stand up for our most vulnerable in OH then you have no business calling yourself a United Stated Senator! @GOP #KillTheBill

Alexis Scott is one of almost 500,000 veterans who would lose Medicaid under the Senate bill. Share your story: https://handsoff.org/  
Pretty sure republicans desire to destroy healthcare will make the opiate epidemic worse
Medicaid is another piece of the puzzle. Please don't vote yes when you don't know what you're voting for.
If u vote yes for this healthcare bill you are voting yes to appease Trump, Pence, McConnel, & Ryan and no to the people.  Please vote NO.
My friends son depends on YOUR NO vote! Lifetime caps & penalty for preexisting will bankrupt them or worse kill him. #Save32Mil #FixACA

Just because you'd prefer to talk about this, doesn't mean the horrendous healthcare bills disappeared. Please let us know you'll vote no.
Call 844-432-0883 if you don't know your Senators number! They are voting at 2:15 today!
YOU can also help to save lives by voting NO on that tax cut to billionaires that is disguised as a GOP healthcare bill.  Just VOTE NO!!!
The drug war did that.
#FlipOhioBlue is the new battle cry Senator. Throwing 22 mill off insurance is a travesty sir!
Lots of tweets today, but nothing about how you'll vote on health care. Your office doesn't know either. Trying to distract us? #voteno
You can start by voting no on today's mystery bill.
Vote NO on the GOP healthcare bill and the impact on the opioid crisis will be improved.
Please vote NO on the repeal today!  Stand with your constituents and NOT part bias!  Do NOT take healthcare away from millions of people!
If you don't. Vote no on this travesty you will have  to answer to all of Ohio!
What are you all voting on today exactly and how are you going to vote?  Have you accidentally ingested an opioid?  Stand up & answer!
220,000 Ohioans with substance abuse coverage will lose it if you repeal the ACA #WeWillRemember
You know what else will make #opioidcrisis worse. Voting Yes to repeal with a murky replacement that will savage the sick and poor.
Don't be a coward. Vote no on MTP.
Voting to repeal the ACA will make the crisis even worse. Vote NO on today's vote!
If u want to save lives, vote NO on cruel #Trumpcare
We all know it's about tax cuts for wealthy & destroying legacy of @POTUS44
#SaveOurRuralHospitals  #HeroNEEDEDNOW U R safe til 2022. #ProtectPreExistingConditions, #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NOTaxcut #opiodCrisis
Would you P L E A S E vote no on healthcare? Do the right thing for the ppl, please?
Hoping we can count on you to #SaveMedicaid
Former GOP Senator on mystery health bill: a no vote “is the only one that will be defensible in the years to come”
Vote no!
Vote no on MTP of you care at all about this, or any Ohio health issue. Get ahead of the rest of the GOP, say "no", and stand up for Ohio.
Vote No today.  There is not a plan yet that makes things better for all. Stop the rush and figure it out. Keep good parts of ACA/ fix flaws
so is the access to health care , if you support thr #stopAct you should not repeal ACA
Phone: 202-224-3353 (DC).  CCC & Toledo numbers on web site
https://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/office-locations …
Possibly the taking $$ & public resources from hard working, personally responsible, taxpaying citizens & giving to addicts is not popular!
Peeps, make sure you're calling. It's not enough to send a tweet reply.
#TrumpcareKills
Why are you not discussing healthcare. That is the issue of highest importance right now. Do not vote to bring trumpcare to the floor
Vote no
The new bill is not good
There is a right and wrong here
Please say no
Don't do it
Vote No today.  Ohio's citizens are more important than your party scoring political points.
Please vote NO on today's motion to proceed.
VOTE NO ON MOTION TO PROCEED!! If in fact that is the vote of the day being that you HAVEN'T TOLD US! Called your office, I'm not happy.
And vote no on AHCA!
Please be responsible with Americans' healthcare.  NO #repeal without #replace.  It will destabilize the market. Business hates uncertainty.
you must vote no on any healthcare bill that cuts medicaid . you would be killing addicts, old people and babies, no heart republicans
Taking away their health care sure won't help!!!!!
UR ignoring constituents about healthcare & URbvoting on it today, voting to throw millions off healthcare, how will that help drug crisis?
Vote no on healthcare bill.  Even worse than the ACA.
Vote No on any MTP.
Do you only care about the health care of opioid addicts?  Please vote no
Vote no on repeal of ACA until there is a replacement that will not bankrupt Ohioans like me.
Congress makes the opioid epidemic worse every day. People like gridlock because the majority trusts none of you. NO on MTP? Will you learn?
Making deals with mobsters like Trump/Putin or Koch Syndicate never ends well. They are enemies to the people & will betray you. #SaveACA
"The epidemic ravaging communities impacts much more than just the addict. It affects all of us." So does health care! Vote NO on MTP.
Vote no on repeal/replace and really do something to help the addicts and their families. Addiction is a pre-existing condition.
Most urgent in containing opiod epidemic in Ohio is protecting Medicaid. Senator, you need to vote against ACA repeal!
Another #DistractTweet
Your moral cowardice in not denouncing Republicon attempt to take health care from millions shows you to be unfit.
Senator, you can help save Ohioans' lives today by voting no on the motion to proceed.
Vote noon the healthcare act. It does not help.
you need to do the right thing & vote to kill this bill. work on the ACA & make it better, that is a better legacy & ur supporters want that
@Yost4Ohio 

Keep your promise--> REPEAL OBAMACARE!!
U know that voting for this healthcare bill is a vote against thousands of Ohioans..words are easy to type but ur action will speak volumes
What's the phone number?
you have a difficult decision today but it is imperative you make the right decision, lives are depending on it & u know that #SAVEMedicaid
.@senrobportman And repealing ACA is not going to make matters better. Work with Dems on a solution. @KamalaHarris is one, @SenSchumer anthr
Call his Washington DC office
Vote no on health care bill
Vote no on healthcare bill... you don't even know what you're voting for. Quit making it about politics and make it about people!!
Please PLEASE VOTE NO ON MTP
Protect people with preexisting conditions! Vote no today!
Vote no on the healthcare bill! It'll take Medicaid away from many who struggle with drug addiction!
#VoteNoMTP #VoteNoBCRA #VoteNoTrumpcare #VoteNo You clowns have had 7 years to find a better way & failed. Sad. I'd be quiet too I suppose.
Will this be after ACA repeal? #TRUMPCARE
Good start but go for the source similar to quaalude battle of 80's. This isn't political cover to support #Trumpcare.
Think how bad you'll feel with deaths on your hands from lack of insurance. Medicare for all not making oeople choose medicine or food
Please vote no today on an unknown trumpcare/republican health care plan. Your constituents are counting on you.
Nothing in the motion to proceed will help Ohioans-it will steal HC. U have great healthcare, Sen. Pls don't take HC from your constituents!
Please consider people you met during the break that NEED you to vote NO repeal! Don't cave to your party! YOU are the voice of the people!
Also vote NO on repealing the ACA.
Vote NO on the motion to proceed. Vote AGAINST any healthcare act that falls short of single payer. #OpioidCrisis #HealthCare #SaveLives
Stressing whether the US government will take our healthcare away compounds these issues!  NO repeal.  Do it the right way!  Work together!
I would like you to vote FOR proceeding to debate healthcare bill. Your repeal replace campaign a major reason I voted for/donated to you.
And protect healthcare? The nuns: “the passage of the bill would cause far more suffering than we could possibly attend to through charity.”
hey @senrobportman, your people want to know where you stand on HEALTHCARE. Stop spamming other info as a diversion.
#voteNo #NoAHCA
It's also why you should vote against repealing the ACA!
What he's voting on today is to allow debate. Not on the bill itself. It's to allow talk. He needs to vote YES. Everything deserves debate.
Debate allows for arm twisting and back door deals, Ohio could easily get shuffled out of any deal.
Bullshit. He already got $45 BILLION for opioid treatment added to the bill. If he's that pathetic, he wouldn't have gotten that.
#ORRA would cut $842 billion from Medicaid.
Having access to HEALTHCARE is essential.  Don't take it away!!!  Vote NO to repeal!!  Be the voice of reason that puts people before party!
