LIKE Europe +/- $100/mo  prem +/- $300 /yr deductible. NON profit insurance co's. LOWER Cost Better care (US #1 in cost)
@liveeudebate and a waiting list of 3 months to get in ?
NO there is NO waiting list for 3 months..........   if it is needed there is immediate space.....
You had 8 years & Trumpcare is the best you could do! ACA is viable. Quit trying to destroy it. Make it better.
Repeal OBAMA care,it's killing the middle class! I'm one of them & get rid of Common Core in Oh.,it's dumbing down our kids !
not trumpcare
Insurance companies bought you like you were standing on a street corner, and now you want to make Ohioans pay for it.
Trumpcare is NOT the answer. Vote NO, please.
let's talk about reducing senate terms so cowards like you don't get to piss on constituents for 6 years.
I agree. Put single-payer back on the table.
No tax cuts for the super rich.
Yes! Is about time we put people first! #peoplematter #prolife #healthcare
Can anyone say "redundant"?? #idiot
trumpcare does not match your verbal sentiments.  This makes me think you are disingenuous.
Then please support every citizens access to the Federal employee benefit system. The American people deserve it!
now we're talking.Big pharmacy & the insurance companies have Congress in their back pocket.
Ryancare will take away affordable healthcare for millions. This is obvious to anyone who understands the proposal.
Grow a spine and stand up for what Ohioans really want. If you read the replies in this thread pretty obvious. #SaveACA
If he doesn't vote with port best interest,we need to vote the greedy sob out of office,next election
give everyone universal health care then.
you are absolutely wrong. And you know it. Are you working FOR or AGAINST your constituents?
It's called "single-payer", Senator.
do not vote to pass the healthcare bill that is now presented do not pass
So does this mean you will stand for the PEOPLE and not just the party?  trumpcare is not the answer! Stand up & stand out!
save the ACA then...
That's what I THINK they should do. SAVE it. FIX it's issues

Another related GOP lie/distortion, Medicare & Medicaid are also NOT government run healthcare.
Single Payer! How long will it take to see it's the only real solution? It's not socialism it's ... #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
I do not want free health care. I want MY tax dollars to give me the same health that you receive. Fix the ACA for everyone!
Trump plan does not do this..more death on the way. Say NO @senrobportman
You have to stand up for constituents- No trumpcare.  Terrible for appalchian counties
Put people over politics. Stop Ryancare! It will hurt too many people. Work on improving ACA instead. Stop giving to wealthy.
We need single payer universal health care. It's bankrupting the middle class. I've seen it happen 2 several people I know
what does it matter if they die of starvation or asthma from all the pollution you are allowing to be poured in the air?
we need you to keep the ACA until there is an acceptable replacement
You're right! #SinglePayer sounds like a good start! Health care is a right!
we need a healthcare system that doesn't deny for pre existing conditions. We need senior's premiums to be affordable
you show a lack of honesty and integrity. Not to mention courage
Trump care is not patient focused. It is focused on tax breaks to the rich and allowing insurance companies to bonus CEOs
the aca is affordable and patient centered!  Trumpcare is not!!
keep the ACA and also start researching single payer. Do not repeal and replace ACA with this terrible bill.
You need to visit Akron Childrens Hospital. My grandson 3 open hearts there. They have said the impact of
your bill.Disaster
Unfortunately, there is no such thing as "patient-centered health insurance".  Stop pretending Trumpcare is.
I pray the GOP will stop lying about ACA They don't mention millions who will lose health care when it's repealed
We need politicians who listen to constituents & don't play partisan games that are literally bad for our health
#SavetheACA
Try lowering the cost of drugs, cut waste. Work for us, not big pharma.  Ask Bernie how to do it.
Health care is a right for all not a privilege for some. Please fix what we have. Don't throw the baby out with bath water.
You said "deserve " .  Why don't we all deserve  health care?
So that means you  will vote against the AHCA, correct?
when the ACA is repealed, what will the low income families who lose coverage do? Don't repeal, adjust the #ACA
it is not the GOP plan. #notrump
I watched the video and I think you have been in some deep trance. The conversation is about Republican/Trump plan. So talk.
Yes! It's called single payer. Ask yourself: why do we pay more for less in the US? We're paying the insurance cos. WHY???
ok but not Trumpcare, it's a tax cut for the rich and a death sentence for the poor.
Man, you are an incredible hypocrite. You vote 100% deconstruction and expect us to swallow this?
vote no to trumpcare
- Universal health care is the answer
The current ACÁ does this for me already. Just refine it &fix the flaws. Stop messing with our wallets & our health!
And that's not AHCA because 700k vulnerable Ohioans will not have a health care system except the ER.
Then it's a good thing we have the ACA! Help us keep it.
Is that what it's about, or is it about giving more money to the rich? 
After you showed independence in standing up for Medicaid spending, now you're waving the anti-Obama flag. Fix not repeal.
yeah, like Canada.
so design one. The AHCA isn't it. What do you propose? Or give all Americans the same coverage Congress enjoys. #HowBoutDat
Why the rerun? Talk about Trumpcare and the disaster that will be. That's the one you'll be responsible for.
it sure the heck isn't the AHCA!!!
#singlepayer
YES WE DO. #ACA was a good start. #TrumpCare is a threat to working Americans.
please clarify what you mean by "patient centered."
what we don't need is one that puts an even greater burden on the poor and infirm. Stop burrowing deeper into GOP's ass.

This is the budget proposal of a madman who wants to start a war. 

Congressional Budget Office confirms: #AHCA will cause 24 million to lose insurance while richest get a $274 billion tax break. #Trumpcare 
Don't repeal, improve!
single payer universal health care
@IP4PI @YouTube  I propose we make doctors govt workers,  cap salaries at $80k, and stop all research on medicine = CHEAP HC
Trumpcare is NOT it.
You mean the ACA?
AKA not trumpcare. You can't possibly support this. I thought you wanted to stop the opioid epidemic?
what is the legal process for removing a senator that is bought and works for special interests? #TownHall 45843 #DoYourJob
like a national health care system.
SINGLE PAYER YOU FOOL
Then let us all have the same coverage you have.
tell that to everyone who will loose their covers #trump liar
it's called the Affordable Care Act, Senator. Fix what is not working to make it better. Repealing it is not an improvement.
- we need more than words. Bipartisan OMB report says your party will leave 24 mill without coverage. Do you care?
#ACA provides mental health & addiction services, Republican plan doesn't, hurting Ohioans suffering in the opioid epidemic.
OK. AHCA is not it. Make Obamacare better. Over 700,000 Ohioans to lose coverage.
repeal and replace
Amazing how much time you have talk to people all over Ohio but can't squeeze in two hours for a few town halls.
The hospitals (JOB CREATORS) of OHIO do not agree with the Republican Plan.
We NEED you to #hearus at a #REALTownHallNOW. You don't know what we want. #listentoyourconstituents #repUS #savetheACA
Not the one currently proposed. And please define affordable especially with the paltry tax deductions your party offers.
fix the #ACA her cancer is treatable she cant work now because of it her life is in your hands
AHCA thinks a lot of Americans don't deserve health care.
or her children
or her grandkids
Vote no.  Stand up out loud now.
my 63yr old mom has cancer she is on medicaid please dont do this to her
Affordable. That's the key word isn't it? If I hear "access to HC" once more I'm gonna throw up. EVERYONE has access..it's the cost.
I can assure u that if u vote for Trumpcare or pass a bill that puts ins. companies first,that will clinch your unemployment
THAT WOULD BE THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT !!!!!
You need to resign.
No. What WE need is a senator that isn't bought off by special interests and will sell out Ohioans to the highest bidder.
If we deserve care then why take away our insurnce? #savetheACA #defendandamend #TRUMPCAREKILLS #dotherightthing #youcanfixit
How is it patient centered if 24 million aren't insured?  Or if we take away 2.5 million women's primary clinic?
we need a senator that will not go out of his way to make like harder for Ohioans. You're a failure Portman.
Have you seen a plan like that? Trumpcare certainly is not accessible for 24 million by 2024. Premiums will rise for others.
we r counting on u here in OH to stop the taking away of ACA, as r all US citizens.  we need u to step up
Fix ACA with single payer. And fund it. Republicans would rather make ACA fail, then blame Obama. Stand up for our citizens.
so will u vote against this, supreme court judge, all trump's candidates, help lgbtq, women's rights, equal/fair pay
you mean that they will get the care that they can afford - or in the case of ACHS - the care they cannot afford.
my wife is getting the cancer care she needs now and we can afford it. Your intent to "fix" the ACA doesn't make me confident
Stop talking and tweeting about this. Do something about it. Tell us what you're going to do. I want to hear about action.
do not cut programs and money for children eating at school or for meals on wheels for the poor and all
continue on. Time to make a difference.
Thought maybe you would put Ohioans over party loyalty! Low income Ohioans and the elderly will lose!
Phony Portman. Is AHCA THE fix? You won't say yea or nay? Keep ducking and dodging. We won't forget!
Ohioans don't wanna repeal, we wanna #SavetheACA. You'd know that if youd have a #REALTownHallNOW & #listentoyourconstituents
that rhetoric is BS. Older/low income people will not be able to afford. The ACHA is a disaster for ppl that need healthcare!
And how does the gop plan accomplish that?FYI tax breaks for wealthy ins execs does not fulfill your stated goal.
So 1 that is able 2support 24m more Americans than plan GOP had 8yrs 2formulate isn't patient-ctrd or affordable? I have ?s.
Medicaid pays 4 more than 40% of the cost of buprenorphine, a life-saving opioid addiction med. #gone
the issue is you cherry picked bad scenarios just like democrats cherry picked success stories. Your eagerness to repeal cont
will result in hiring Ohioans and the rest of the country.
like single payer.
That is exactly what we need.The big,greedy insurance & drug companies have Congress in their back pocket.
And one that helps 55-64 year olds also !
your plan does neither of those things. FIX THE ACA.
