If you truly cared about russian aggression you would rebuke @realDonaldTrump
Fraud.
Sounds good to me. Don't take away our ability to afford healthcare.
Your Tweet should be an explanation of your vote today. You owe that to your constituents.
What about Trump? He's CRAZY & US gov is like watching trailer trash on Jerry Springer! WHO IS GOING TO PROTECT THIS NATION?
You know for a fact that the majority of calls, messages, voicemails you received BEGGED you to not repeal ACA yet despite you comment to
Messages is the key here.. not once did I ever get to talk to a human in his office
Never gotten a human despite calling several times a month since January. No return calls or email replies. Nada zip zed zilch zero.
Never will anyone in my family support you again. And we all vote. This is personal.
As republicans enable our traitor in chief. As long as republicans have power they could care less about this country. Sorry bastards.
Aggressive&destabilizing = Senate tax-cut/no-healthcare bill, and YOU SAT ON THE COMMITTEE THAT WROTE IT. OH will. not. forget.
I've called his office dozens of times over past months. No return call or email as promised. He only listens to lobbiest cash.
I've been in touch daily since this senate tax-cut/non-healthcare crap. And still, I persist :)
Hope you do too!
YOUR priorities, not those of your constituent. Always.
Sure wish you would have been brave today & saved your constituents with pre-existing conditions.  You avoid his topic at all costs.  Coward
I called many times begging for him to vote no and I didn't get to talk to a human either. Portman is a coward.
When are you going to hold POTUS accountable for his aggressive and destabilizing behavior?
Please get rid of 45, and pence.  They are ruining our country!
Country FIRST not party!
Trump 2020
I hope for your sake sir, you are wealthy. Sickening. The lack of moral compass you have.
I'm a 16 year old Latino kid
Not one vote was manipulated by Russia.....it's a farce!
Your priorities should be Ohioans before party.  Keep my healthcare
Not an Ohioan, American, or Human. You are no less a traitor to the American people than the President you seek to appease.
Forget Russia! Islam is a greater threat to America! Support @POTUS ! No more "refugees." There is no "refugee status" in Constitution.
It is about 1 issue.
NO TAX CUT to funding of ANY healthcare
Your largest financial supporter has you in their hand (who knows WHEREitsBEEN)
When you had the opportunity to keep people with compromising Russia ties out of key gov't positions, you "showed deference to the Pres."
Yet you turned your back on the people your represent!  You went back on your commitment to us, so don't be surprised when we say you're out
Not pleased about your vote on the health care bill.  I called, but you didn't listen.  I will watch to see how you vote in the end.
Just resign already.
If you are so concerned about Russia perhaps you should look into transparency regarding hearings w/Kushner,Manafort et. al
But you just stabbed Ohioans in the back. A little pressure and you fold. You are a dissapointing individual who cannot be counted upon.
Neat to say that but you proved today you have no integrity. I used to defend you as a man with principles no more and you lost my vote.
do what was best for Ohioans you simply ignored your constituents. You are a sellout always have been always will be.

Hey look over here...Russia...I vote well...hey, don't look at that med coverage vote...look here...Russia...I am a good guy.
There is @robportman and then there is @SherrodBrown. They couldn't be anymore different.
Comparatively displeased that your priorities favor insurance companies over the welfare of millions of Americans...
What about holding the Trump Administration responsible? You can't avoid standing up much longer without looking complicit.
find some courage, speak out for Ohioans,  unlike today.
You are a coward sir, and you have sold your constituents out to curry favor with the most corrupt administration in modern times.
Stop tweeting.  Your constituents don't believe you anymore.
what are you going to do for Ohioans? Be specific!!
Rob, we will not forget tonight's sneak vote to repeal the #ACA
Unfortunately, @senrobportman doesn't care about anything other than the Party.
Are you going to hold the Trump administration for their involvement to? Do you even read these?
Shut up already! Who they are destabilizing? What they do in their country isn't our problem!

Why don't you just join the Democrat side? Why not change your affiliation and stop the charade.
The ACA is a disaster and the only people that want it are the ones that get it for free
Not repealing Obamacare is like murdering your unborn child and opening the borders to jihadists. Millions are going to die and you'll help.
When I see you politicians sign up for Obamacare and ban the insurance you have now I'll start listening to your gibberish.
You predictably went into agreement with the Democrats and still think Russia is your enemy when they could be our Ally against terrorists.
What does it really matter what's going on in other countries when you're voting to kill babies! Let's focus on America, Baby Killer!
Can you imagine being pleased after voting to remove health care from millions of Americans?
And you're going to hold POTUS accountable how? Oh - and healthcare... #DoYourJob #Ohio
U suck ! What happened to we the people.cant believe u caved in to just ur party as comrade trump would say , SAD
While you're busy patting yourself on the back, thanks for taking a step towards Ohioans losing their healthcare! You're horrible!
yeah but you voted to move this disastrous healthcare bill forward. Very disappointed
Could you talk Drumpf into doing that???
Then keep @realDonaldTrump accountable and impeach him. He is a Russian puppet.
Thanks for standing up to hostile foreign government that totally ignores rule of law & will of the people. Going to do that here someday?
Russia has occupied the White House - When will GOP acknowledge that??
You will be tied to Trumpcare forever
Your priorities should be based on the needs of your constituents.  Once again, you don't listen.

Waiting for reply...why does Kushner still have clearance
Did you learn the deflecting trick from Trump?You sell out your constituents time and time again. You caved like the coward you are.
What about the GOP's aggressive and destabilizing behavior, which you contributed to (again) today?
Russia hacked 1 election.  It is important..  but the people who die without healthcare will be lost forever.. all for tax cuts for the rich
You guys he shouldn't have voted to "debate" a bill that doesn't exist but we can still save health care. Keep calling!
When will you grow a pair of nuts and stand up for what's right? I wonder what kickbacks your getting for voting yes?
Do u care about Ohioans at all?I don't think so! If you did u wouldn't of voted to take our healthcare away!Thanks for the death sentence!
Can you actually talk about what your constituents are worried about? Who cares about Russia? WHAT ABOUT OUR HEALTHCARE?Do the caps help?
How about holding yourself responsible; to do the people's work; to give taxpayers health care -- like your own;you should stand up for us
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
6- What could you possibly negotiate @robportman that would be worth making health care much more expensive for everyone? 
We are too but appalled you thre Ohioans under the bus today. You're not for us. 
@CrazeeGrannie You are amazing! Keep holding them accountable.
You're a coward who voted for the awful health care bill that will jeopardize the well being of millions. Ohioans won't forget
I hold you responsible for the terror you've imposed on families by violently ripping away their healthcare so that you could get a tax cut
And yet you didn't stand up to party&POTUS put in place by  We're holding you accountable for DeVos & healthcare. We won't forget! 
Future Former Senator.
Please just stop. That's enough for today.
Embarrassed by your health vote. Sad day man
When will your party hold Donald J Trump accountable for his destabilizing behavior and Russian relations?  When, or if ever?
Priorities?  Your priority to open debate on repealing health care is sickening given no plan to replace with acceptable plan for the poor.
What about the opioid epidemic??
Horrible epidemic. Cool ad image, tho.
Priorities huh? Today you proved your priorities don't include healthcare for 32 million, or even reading the bill that takes it away...
We're not pleased ur priorities today included throwing 30M+ Americans off healthcare. And unless Russia bill can't be vetoed, it's nothing.
#Russia #NKorea are now less a threat #TRUMPCARE threat now biggest threat 
The bill appears to be congress conducting foreign policy. I have no problem with sanctions, but why is this constitutional?
Peaceful protesters ejected from POTUS rally, what a fraud he is.  This really Ohio in the USA?  GOP has lost its way.
That's great!  Now what about ripping healthcare away from your constituents today?  We see your priorities @robportman
Hows about holding Manafort, Sessions, and the entire male branch of the trump family accountable for their traitorous behavior? Hmm?
Who are u talking to?  The 6 ppl left with any respect for you? Nothing u do will fix how you hurt people today. U should resign too.
You have nerve to talk about Russia like u did a good thing?  The only good thing u could do where Russia is involved is impeach Putins boy
Displeased with your ACA vote today that will hurt so many of us here in OH. 5 years isn't long enough for us to forget. Shameful hypocrites
That's great senator, how about actually representing us and upholding your oath of office?
Rob hold Hillary Clinton and her husband Bill responsible for everything they did, oh with the Russians. Uranium deal? Follow the money.
You obviously don't understand the uranium deal.  Trump lied to you.
Trump supporters are the reason you got elected Mr Portman. Russia, had nothing to do with how we voted.
I bet you were awesome at dodgeball as a kid... hope you didnt sprain an ankle with all those pivots... SMH
You did one thing that mattered today. You know it, we know it. But sure, keep tweeting.
Displeased that you seem to care less about the opiate crisis and need for treatment programs. #Trumpcaredeathsquads
You only followed a massive majority. You deserve no credit here.
So why haven't you spoken out sooner. I've written you many times with my concern about Russia You need to fix ACA not repeal .Vote him out!

Thanks for voting to strip healthcare away from millions- you are a jerk!
So you're focused on #FakeNews instead of #RepealObamacare . Good to know. I'm just one vote, but will vote to #MAGA if you ever run again.
It's too bad we can't immediately hold you accountable for your destabilizing behavior... like voting you out of office tomorrow. #SaveACA
you are a coward. You are doing nothing for Ohio. Instead you support a bogus process to take healthcare away from millions.
Glad this passed. Where are your tweets in healthcare? Stand up for your constiuents, insist on time to read a/the bill. Vote no.
Health insurance is NOT health care.  Love u repeaters!
You couldn't come up with a bill better than ACA but decided to do away with it. Crooked logic which will make many OHs suffer
You voted to kill me... kill a lot of people. Just say why in an honest way. You owe us that. No party line... just say the real reason.
what about your priority to end the opioid crisis in ohio?
He is only doing that because it's a hot button topic. " look at me". He only cares truly about his party and his wealthy buds.
But Donnie says this is fake news! @realDonaldTrump
U should be in Youngstown with the president rather than falling for the scheme the Russians planned. Working like a charm on all of u
Please don't tell us about priorities unless it is your priorities to fix your error today. Your vote for ACA repeal is appalling.
Time 2 stand up 2 this regime & send a message to Russia. Election interference is unacceptable!
When will you decide to hold @POTUS and his family accountable?
I'm not happy that you voted down healthcare. I hope you include pre-existing conditions and no lifetime caps in the new bill!
Nice pivot. Wish your priorities included helping sick people in Ohio.
Hey Rob! thanks for voting to strip away healthcare from poor people. They may like it now, because they don't know their ACA is obamacare!
But you will be okay with hundreds of thousands of your fellow citizens losing their Healthcare.
Won't matter when Trump vetoes the bill, on Putin's orders. All the Republicans will come together to sustain the veto.
Considering only 3 voted against it in the house I'd say it's pretty well filibuster proof...
Not convinced that the Republicans won't fall in line so they don't embarrass Trump with an override of his veto,
You are full of it. YOUR president, the traitor, is currently destroying the rule of law. You voted today to take away ins from 24 million!
