Really? But you're not concerned about the eroding trust in POTUS?
You should be 'concerned' about who'd is eroding that trust, namely @realdonaldtrump.  #independentcounsel NOW!
I have no faith, feeling very helpless
You should be concerned with erroding trust in the GOP! Stop the madness
then please call for an #IndependentInvestigation. #countrybeforeparty
Are you concerned about your constituents eroded trust in you? You should be
You Sir have so far stood by and just watched. As one of your constituents I would like to know what you plan to do about this.
Ever worry about the lack of trust your constituents have in you? #IndependentInvestigation #complicit #TownHall
Get over yourself. GOP is is sullying justice left and right.
I have more faith in the FBI than you. At least I know they will be honest.
Russian reporters in the White House, American media excluded . Really and your concerned? You're one of Putins enablers, do your job!
Are you man enough to choose your country over your party?
Comey made several critical errors. I'm not sorry to see him go. That said, Trump cannot be allowed to undermine the Russian investigation!
You need to worry about us trusting the congress and Senate. The GOP looks more like Dems, no guts.
We dont trust Rob Portman either- high time for you to stand up and loudly speak up for OHIOANS. Im plan ol pissed off that you represent me
I am too. Particularly when it looks like our potus will only allow toadies to work for him.
.@senrobportman Please stop "clutching your pearls" in disappointment. Stand up for what's right. #demandaspecialprosecutor
The American people trust the FBI, just get Drumpf's henchmen out of its way!!! Wake up @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Check the polls. Congress's approval rating was in the 8% range last I looked. I think we trust the FBI much more than we trust you
Trust is eroded when you and DT keep saying we shouldn't trust them. That means you are causing it, so are you really concerned?
Demand an independent investigation! Ohio is watching and waiting,
Use this platform to stop colluding with the trump administration and your lying republican cronies. Call for an independent prosecutor!
Ask for a special prosecutor.
Concerned? Concerned? I terrified to death as is everyone I know. Our democracy has been taken over by Russia! Independent counsel now!
The one we need to be concerned about is this President. Talk about eroding trust!!
The American people demand the highest level of integrity in selection & confirmation of the next #FBIDirector. #Comey firing highly suspect
I hope you are equally concerned about the even greater eroding trust in the White House and the US Congress.  Yes?
Independent, non-political investigation. FBI Director, who will NOT be loyal to Trump, R's, D's. Top 2 R's & D's in each house pick new one
Then don't approve a trump croney. Investigate Russia if you care about USA
Yep.  Please do your Constitutional duty and limit the President's authority in this and other matters
When the President fires the man investigating him, and Congress and the Justice Dept won't act, we have a full blown constitutional crisis.
@POTUS  is eroding the trust of everything this country was built on.  What do you plan to about that?
If they (or you) stand up to the president, I will have faith once again.
Great to hear! Anxious to hear what ACTION you take based on this concern. Support independent counsel before approving new FBI Director?
Then I hope you support an independent council on the Russian investigation and will thoroughly vet the next FBI director nominee.
Don't you know @senrobportman only issues strongly worded tweets? He's afraid to actually stand up to Trump. #ChickenRob
Strongly worded tweets are a symbol of the members of Vichy congress.
You are a congressman, do the right thing, history is watching YOU! Be your best self and seek the truth!
Are there GOP members who fear the release of emails by Putin?
Your statement is confusing, are you saying FBI has lost credibility and which is why it's ok to fire Comey?
Trust   I don't trust any republican
no kidding! What u going to do?
I'm concerned that the FBI's investigation of the Trump mob will be delayed, obstructed, and not funded adequately.
You are right to be concerned Mr. Portman. I've contacted you often with issues involving 45* I implore you do the right thing for the U.S.
Than do something about it, please.
Because the president of the United States is determined to prevent the FBI from being independent of the executive branch.
The only way to get an objective, non-partisan review of the Russian meddling is a special prosecutor and independent invest. Support that!
The erosion has been due to the President. Stand up for the Constitution.
How about a strong, independent, unimpeachable investigation into @realDonaldTrump ?  DO YOUR JOB, PORTMAN.
There is no eroding trust, look at the polls.  Have some guts like your colleagues in the senate and stand up to the president
I have no trust in the executive branch. Fading trust in you. Please prove me wrong.
I trust the #FBI , I don't trust @realDonaldTrump and I want a fair independent investigation. FBI reports to #sessions ?
@senrobportman Stop playing middle ground on this one. Our sovereignty DEMANDS proactive action. Special prosecutor now! Ohio's watching.
I'm a CONSTITUENT and will ask you yet again to STAND UP - to Donald Trump and for our democracy. #SaveOurDemocracy #Ivote #andwillremember
You should be very worried about the eroding trust of our Congress and their ability to provide checks and balance to the executive branch.
Please show that you respect your constituents, the US Constitution, and our country by demanding an ind investigation. Why are you afraid?
You are complicit in the erosion. Why trust law enforcement when we dont trust lawmakers? AG lied under oath, you voted for him! #Comeygate
We have lost respect because of lies and innuendo about Hillary and then they did not disclose the Russian connection before the election.
When in the house you voted to impeach Clinton over perjury, yet too weak kneed to push for same independent investigation into Pres Trump.
So your solution is to unquestioningly allow the pres to pick the replacement for who is investigating the pres. Fill me with confidence
Trump meeting with Russian officials so soon after firing Comey says loud and clear of his intentions. We will assume you are complicit.
You should be concerned about eroding faith in our elected officials Senator. Independent Special Prosecutor Now!!!
We need an independent investigation!!!   Please stand for us and demand it!
And no trust in @POTUS    What a joke this admin has been.
A president should not be able to fire someone who is investigating him! Senators need to stand up for our democracy NOW. We will remember!!
You should've called for his firing earlier and should be happy he is gone now
I wouldn't give two hoots for you or any other Republican right now, especially Trump! Do what's right, call for Special Prosecutor!
When will you call for #independentProsecutor? Time to #ProtectOurDemocracy @OHDems
I'm more concerned about the trust and the executive branch of the government right now!
It's the president we don't trust. (You know that, right?)
Sen. Portman, WE TRUST THE FBI. Why do you think we don't?
we want an independent investigation! Stop changing the subject and stop putting party over country
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
You should be.  Better do something
Bro, look around you. What do you really think folks are concerned about right now?
Trust erosion started about Jan 20, 2017. Just sayin'
Trust eroding is because your pal Trump keeps trashing Fed law enforcement. Zero confidence Trump won't nominate another clown to admin.
Thank you @senrobportman – we don't agree on a lot, but I hope you keep an eye on this administration. Independent bipartisan investigation?
https://twitter.com/astull90/status/862387785096941568 …
The trust issue is not the FBI it's Mr Trump you should know better. He gets to pick someone to investigate him smh
I'm concerned of efforts to derail an independent agency. #bealeader #notafollower
Demand an independent investigation. Are all Republicans being blackmailed?
Who do average American citizens turn to during this crisis?  What will be done about Trump?
I'm concerned about the chain of command!  #IndependentInvestigation
Problems are in the media right now. Coney made himself a story for a year. Needed to go
We demand an independent investigation.
Really?  Ya think?? #Trumprussia #DontheCon #WakeUpAmerica
Special prosecutor. Ask for one.
You think trust can be rebuilt by allowing trump to appoint someone? Lapdog
a sellout. Party before country and $$$$$$ before Ohioans. Sucking up to Mitch McConnell and the WH is ruining your reputation...
NO CONSCIENCE = NO CHARACTER
Trust is not eroding in the FBI.  Trust is eroding in the Executive/Legislative branches and their ability to govern transparently.
Why did he wait 110 days to do this? Why just after Comey asked for increased resources for Russia investigation? Decisive? Cowardly letter
Senator, you should not be "concerned", your hair should be on fire. The Russian investigation has been compromised by Trump. #ComeyFiring
The American people have lost trust in the White House & the Republicans in Congress. They are now Trump bots & forget the country & people
I encourage you not to follow your party line.  Be a patriot and a member of the party of Lincoln, get a special prosecutor.
Ohioans don't have faith in YOU.  Demand an independent investigation, or resign in disgrace if you won't stand up to Trump.  45220
Then you should DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Because you can! (while all the rest of us can do is plead with you to do your job...)
you are as useless as McCain.
Trust is eroding in you @senrobportman for pandering to party and donors. Demand independent commission/special prosecutor now! #Trumprussia
So DO something. Call for the independent counsel and robust, bipartisan congressional inquiry needed to restore public trust and integrity
I'm more concerned about what Trump is hiding! He won't release  taxes and he keeps firing ppl who might know R involvement
How about eroding trust in the office of the President???? We must have an independent special prosecutor.
Jesus.  You took money to appoint an Ed Sec who HAS NEVER TAUGHT.  Trust?  Come on, bra.  Stop it.
How about we start with a strong, independent Senate that holds the executive branch accountable? Is that in your wheelhouse? Coward.
I have more faith in Comey than I do your hero Trump. Independent investigation now!! I can't wait to see you both out the damn door.
How about the eroding trust in THE PRESIDENT!!?? Senator, we need an independent prosecutor AND an independent FBI.
Are you concerned with eroding trust in GOP? Seriously, are u just gonna stand by while Trump gives our country to the Russians? WTF.
The American people must have faith in a strong, independent INVESTIGATION into #TrumpRussia not only via the FBI at this point.
You should worry about your constituents' trust in you. You are failing to fight for the integrity of our elections. Shameful. #TrumpRussia
U should be worried about Americans trust in the White House. Call 4 a #SpecialProsecutor 2 investigate #Russian interference in US election
So what are you doing about? You must support and independent investigation NOW
No trust in the presidency.
Please restore our faith in our government by agreeing to an independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia.

#RUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA #RUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA #RUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA #RUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA #RUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA #RUSSIA #TRUMPRUSSIA #RUSSIA
Are you concerned about eroding trust in the presidency? In Congress? In you?
Newsflash: I DONT TRUST ANYONE IN THE GOP INCLUDING YOU.
Start at the top. We need a President, a Senate Majority Leader, and a House Speaker who work for us instead of continually lying to us.
Comey, by letting Hillary off without even a slap the the hand, made the FBI into a political rather than law enforcement agency.
Looking forward to the announcement of a special prosecutor.
Our trust in Donald J Trump is eroded.  Stand up for a Russia investigation, show us that you still deserve our trust and respect.
Let's be clear; your constituents want an independent investigation. Placate your party and risk your seat.
Agreed, but what is your stance on a #SpecialProsecutor ? Trust can't be earned when the investigatee hires the investigator.
What about our eroding trust in Senators to put country before party? #IndependentInvestigation
Trust in the Trump administration has completely evaporated, get your head in the game and call for an #IndependentInvestigationNow
We first need to trust our WH.  @POTUS needs to be more transparent, quit lying and quit making rash decisions. Can you help with that?
The trust is gone. Promise broken. DEMAND AN INDEPENDANT INVESTIGATION.
special prosecutor
Why are you concerned about eroding trust, and not eroding democracy? You need to be more firm and forceful about what is happening.
Yates and Clapper weren't aware of anyone investigating classified leaks to Wash Post and Hillary investigation was dropped: 2 known crimes.
How about faith in the President? How about faith in his party to stand up? How about faith in our democracy?
We need faith in the entire democracy. PLEASE push for an independent investigation.  I have more faith in FBI than in Trump.
Do something about it.  Show some political will, and push for the appointment of an independent investigation.
How about you start at the top. That is where the eroded trust lies.
But you'll vote to confirm the puppet this POTUS appoints because you are McConnell's puppet. You are a slave to the money. #coward
Then call on that crooked two-bit county commissioner you call @SenateMajLdr to stop this bullshit and name a special prosecutor
You should move for a special prosecutor and you know it.
Why are you concerned now as opposed to previously. Help me understand what changed from your perspective.
CONCERN is not enough! It is time to ACT Senator Portman. DEMOCRACY itself is at stake
I'm concerned about your ability to lead. #ohiovoter
And the administration who seeks to bully it!
This comment brought by a Congressman. Is the plan to bring the FBI down to your level of American trust?
I'm concerned about the eroding trust in the POTUS and the congress!!!
You took an oath. Live up to it. Either act now to save our country from becoming a dictatorship, or be complicit in the downfall of the USA
Omg. But you have every confidence in Trump? When did you decide country was not important? Your party is complicit in the end of the USA.
NOT the issue. Your constituents DEMAND an independent investigation of Trump ties to Russia and that he RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS!
The American people demand an Independent commission and bipartisan support in the investigation into Russian ties with Trump admin.
It's time for an independent prosecutor. Comey asked for additional resources for Russian investigation just days ago.
It is a travesty that this #administration has destroyed our #trust in so many things
Please push back. Please insist on independent investigation. Be brave! If it is about Clinton then no need to stop Russian investigation.
We trust the FBI just fine, it's the president who isn't trusted.
Senator, that ship has sailed.
I guess if you're lucky you might get a job overseeing one of the camps, I mean detention centers.
What about trust in @POTUS and a WH that does what it wants and fires those that stand up to them?
Pathetic.
Rob, you need to face the truth here.  Once Trump has total control, he will dismantle the house/senate.  Don't be naive about your place.
Then you must demand a special prosecutor to look in to Trump-Russia. Anything less is com
Plicit.
My trust in the office of President and the @GOP party in completely eroded.  A Trump appointee by definition will not be independent.
Getting closer. Are you going to get to the correct answer? Are you going to finally stand up for all of us or just the republicans?
Your constituents demand an independent investigation! Do the right thing for a change!
You should be. Sessions will be interviewing the replacement. This is about Russia. This is about obstruction of justice. #RESIST
... and eroding trust in our institutions @ussenate & @SpeakerRyan if they don't stand up to @POTUS and the banana republic we are becoming!
I have even less trust in ability of the Senate to do the right thing.  Where is call for ind. investigation?  Where is real concern for ppl
How about the eroding trust in the White House? I am far more concerned about Donald Trump than I am about the FBI.
American people need faith in their government. Put your party aside for once and stand up for what is right. #IndependentInvestigation
Republicans who stand with POTUS on this matter and other outlandish policies will burn next time around. Take a stand and demand the truth
Appoint a #SpecialProsecutor If you don't condemn it, you condone it.
Country before party Senator!!!
There needs to be accountability Laws are meant to be followed not broken by a select few that have no consequence I applaud Trump decision
Im concerned with eroding trust in Congress to uphold our Constitution.  Republicans need to stop acting like Trump lackeys.
Now can we have an independent investigation into #Trumprussia???
As you point out, the timing of the firing further erodes confidence in this once great organization!
CONCERNED???? This is the end of @realDonaldTrump or the end of the republic. DO YOUR JOB. #SaveOurDemocracy
If I were you I'd be more worried about the eroding trust in YOU. What exactly have you done in the past decade? 8 years of jackshit then
Selling us out so you can profit. Why should we believe anything you say or do?
Trust in the FBI is diminished by the fact that Trump fired the person in charge of an investigation into his campaign.
Trust in the FBI will be further diminished if it -- and the Trump/Russia investigation -- is led by someone installed by Trump.
Trust in our electoral process & our representatives is diminished by partisan reluctance to seek the truth about Trump/Russia.
Trust is diminished by a White House occupant allowing only Russian media into his mtg w/Russians.
Wear a safety pin like Lebron.
What does this tweet mean? Are you saying Comey should or shouldn't have been fired? I expect you to ask for an independent investigation.
To clarify - an independent investigation into Russian interference in our elections and the involvement in DJT and his staff in this crime.
A special prosecutor is obviously needed. Do the right thing.

Mr. Portman, as one of your constituents, I ask you to demand an independent investigation into Russia's efforts to disrupt our elections.
You are eroding trust in our government. How can you sleep at night knowing a sociopath has you as under control? Are you that afraid?
Senator, are you saying you don't condone the critical statements the President has made about the FBI in the past?
Eroding trust is what you're concerned about? How about all the RUSSIAN AGENTS in the WH? #IndependentComission OR YOU'RE FIRED!
I am a constituent and I DEMAND accountability concerning Trump and his Russian ties.
