your empty meaningless tweets make it appear that you give a damn, but we all know better and we know u sold out. Just stop.
we all knew Pruitt would do this and you wouldn't listen. I hope your shoulders can bare the load.
.@senrobportman, policies pushing environmental efforts to the states while cutting funding for @ohioseagrant & @stonelab is curious, no?
he honestly does not care
We're keeping an open mind @PeteMarek. @senrobportman noted the #GreatLakes drive $10B/year in tourism so a $300M investment = good return
Oh, that's why he cares, he can see a financial benefit.
What the matter with the premise that a healthy #GreatLakes is good business? @SenojNG @PeteMarek @senrobportman.
Nothing wrong with that; it's inconsistent. What about the rest of the environment?
save the #EPA. Period!
Uh, did you vote for Pruitt???
Feigning interest in the environment... #pruittpower #partybeforepeople
again with the hypocrisy! You voted for Pruitt and didn't listen to your constituents. This is on you Portman! #badvote #sad
Need a bit more than a tweet to turn a POTUS and an EPA Director from not believing in global warming to being environmentally responsible
So why did you vote to confirm Pruitt? It wasn't a secret that Trump's cabinet picks were going to dismantle ALL regs.
Well don't slash EPA funding then. Or you can just tweet about caring, and keep on towing the Trump line.
Yes!
it is critical! Thanks for your Pruitt endorsement! Buyers remorse? Ohio deserves an apology from you! Way 2 disappoint!
good thing we got Scott Pruitt to help. That is sarcasm in case you don't recognize it. Nice going on that vote.
Excellent!
Do wonder, tho: DJT was pretty clear about his stance re EPA. And Pruitt even more clear. What did you expect?
please protect America from Russian infiltration being orchestrated by 45 Administration. Aren't you worried?????
@Zimshady9611 Show action and do something about it!  Protect the #EPA
cool, so why'd you vote for pruitt? #YouAreDoingItWrong
actions speak louder than tweets, Senator!
politicians often ignore letters. Please tell me you have more in mind than just a letter? How about a bill?
Then we need the EPA.
as a R, u should have the strongest leverage to stop the EPA cuts. Please do so.  Thx.
This is what we wanted, Robbie! You and I! ... Oh... right... you have to make it look like you care. Go get 'em! @senrobportman
@cleantechnica @EnvDefenseFund @acluohio Maybe confirming #pollutingPruitt to #EPA was wrong move to #protect #GreatLakes ?
your fault you could have voted no on Pruitt
Amazes me how you can tweet about protecting Great Lakes when you voted for Pruitt to dismantle EPA.  #hypocrisy
Then why did you approve Pruitt????
who is paying you? You wouldn't give two $hit$ otherwise...#Pruittsucks
but you voted for Pruitt?!?
He's your president. Can you control that lunatic? Good luck
.@senrobportman Maybe help us us chuck the guy setting our country on fire? How about standing up with us to help save our democracy?
too late... YOU VOTED FOR PRUITT!!!!
can we take the $51K you got from DeVos and use it to save our Great Lakes? 
Support EPA and Nixon's Environment Plan. TY
Do that but don't forget health care for the most vulnerable & investigate Trump's ties with Russia. (your constituent)
Why then vote yes for Pruitt and knowing it meant reduced effectiveness of the EPA?
Then why the heck did you approve a climate change denier as head of the EPA?
I urge you to join in with Senators from across the nation about the EPA budget cuts that will harm air, water & health.
- you get what you vote for- you should have said no to Pruitt.. #resist
your man Trump is poisoning our water with coal byproducts.
then why did you vote for Pruitt??
You are so sad, you voted for for Pruitt, this is just the start. Healthcare, Education, EPA, you are at fault.COWARD
@All100Senators The scientists show lakes in danger, but scientists believe #ClimateChangeIsReal so can't be trusted. LOL
EPA just dropped science in it's mission. That was the solution. Are you going to allow that, or push back and protect Ohio?
which congress?
Doesn't look like ur gonna get that "yes" vote for Pruitt past anyone.
Fascinating. I’ll bet Pruitt will be happy to use the charred remains of the EPA to help you out with that.
Voting against Pruitt would have been a good start.
Critical that we continue the Congressionally-authorized  initiative to protect the Great Lakes. http://bit.ly/2msf8qG 
after you voted for Pruitt your words are empty.
you always say one thing and do the other. I cannot wait til you get voted out. You do not care about the environment so hush
So NOW you care about protecting the Great Lakes? You voted for Pruitt. You share the blame for every future environmental catastrophe.
Absolutely! Do not let Pruitt and the administration undercut this and other critical environmental protections.
are you having Pruitt buyers remorse?   Unfortunately your @GOP doesn't allow return of defective appointments. #FactsMatter
Critical you begin the constituent-authorized initiative to uphold our representative democracy by having a #REALTownHallNOW.
Well Senator seems you best speak with Trump adm. because this is who is destroying the environment.
Totally support you on this one!
tweets mean nothing when you voted for the guys who want to gut the #EPA. #rubberstampRob
absolutely right but what did you think was going to happen when you voted to put pruitt in charge
you voted to poison our air and water by approving scott pruitt
We are all going to end up like Flint MI at this rate...
dude, you voted for Pruitt.
If you wanted to protect the Lakes, you shouldn't have voted for Pruitt. Duh.
If you really believed in this you would never have voted for Pruitt. U knew what you were getting.
.@senrobportman 
Respectfully, sir, all Senators must put USA over party and stop this NOW. We are witnessing our destruction  from within.
I have a horrible feeling tha we will see Lake Erie burn again under@EPAScottPruitt
u don't need to tell your constituents, you need to stand up to your party. They r the 1s that insist upon destroying the EPA
I think your corporate backers may disagree with you on that.
So wrong. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4V3_VX4kKs …
