U promised 2 repeal O-care, but did U promise 2 make h-c worse 4 #Ohio? G-C leaves out #opioid abuse-treatment fund from last bill. VOTE NO!
Every major medical Assoc. Is against this. Much unnecessary self induced suffering. I beg you to vote no
This new bill upends insurance markets and still really screws over OH  and WV. How do Portman & Capito look their voters in eye & vote yes?
They don't look us in the eye... Portman's last #TownHall was more than 1,000 days ago.
27 grants will not remotely make up for stripping Medicaid and the ACA. Vote NO on GrahamCassidy.
You're right, Rob. Ohio's opioid crisis will be JUST FINE after billions are cut with #GrahamCassidy. And cancer research, care for poor...
but yet you will vote for a bill that will take insurance away from my sick grandson. You are dealing with real people, real lives. COWARD
You don't understand the fundamentals of addiction if you vote yes on #GrahamCassidyBill we will see more systemic addiction in Ohio.
As long as they don't have healthcare they should be fine, right? #NoOnGrahamCassidy
Then only a true hypocrite would vote for Trumpcare. If you do let us know what orange spray tan tastes like.
You know what would help Ohioans with addiction? Not removing their funding by putting Medicaid and Medicare into block grants
You know what would help? Voting NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Graham cassia is not tax reform or health care vote no.
How can you possibly say this & still be considering #GrahamCasiddy? Do you really care about Ohioans?
No. He doesn't.
Addiction is a pre-existing condition. Sounds like Graham-Cassidy would permit states to charge addicted citizens more for insurance. Say NO
These grants will not remotely make up for stripping Medicaid and the ACA. Vote NO on GrahamCassidy.
I don't think spending 125K here and there is going to be very effective.
When is @senrobportman going to hold the drug makers who are making billions accountable for this massive problem? Are they your donors?
Fight for people who CHOOSE to take drugs and become addicted but lay down and do nothing for people who don't choose to get sick Vote NO
Yes but, where do you stand on Graham-Cassidy?
Portman: (Sends tweet...sets down phone) "That oughta do it."

How many tone deaf tweets will it take to help you sleep after Weds vote?
More important than any of these grants are the continuation of Medicaid expansion that connects low income single adults to treatment.
Drug treatment will be more difficult if the proposed healthcare bill is passed. No Medicare expansion, no treatment for many. Vote No!
Yea for the grants but $ a drop in the bucket compared to what Ohio would lose under #GrahamCassidy. Don't pretend otherwise. #OHisWatching
If you are serious about addiction (which we know you are) you must vote for quality healthcare. Vote for your constituents, vote No on G-C
I'm not convinced he cares about addiction. It's a handy talking point to deflect from his work to destroy education and healthcare.
Back in July you thought cancer research was a good cause. Why can’t #Ohioans with cancer get you on the phone to talk about #GrahamCassidy?
Why can't he have a town hall to discuss healthcare with cancer patients? Photo ops galore in factories. Why not visit hospitals?
Will Graham-Cassidy bill provide for healthcare needs of addicts across the U.S.? Your conscience should tell you to "Vote NO!"
Trumbull County 7th highest # of OD deaths in Ohio & setting a new monthly record in 30 day Sept but nothing for Warren/Trumbull. Shameful!
SAY A PRAYER IF YOU IGNORE THIS AT YOUR PERIL. 230 organizations against!
BREAKING: 230+ organizations just sent a letter to the Senate urging opposition to #GrahamCassidy. Read it here: http://bit.ly/2fKZDIm  
VOTE NO on Graham Cassidy if you're serious about helping addicts!
Will these grants make up for lost insurance for people suffering from substance use disorders? Ohio needs a whole solution #NoGrahamCassidy
And none of them will be funded if #GrahamCasiddy passes
Senator, let's try this approach. Tell us why you WON'T  #GrahamCasiddy
No hearings, no CBO scoring, ignoring that every expert says bill is disaster, bribing senators who resist. Wow, GOP ins plan must be great. 
And yet you always vote to real healthcare.
U go on AD NAUSEAM about opioids and the stop act, but now ONE mention of what's imprtnt to all Ohioans. Vote NO on Gr-Cass
Why isn’t Montgomery County on that list?  No. 1 in opioid deaths in America, and not on list? Please keep fighting for more help.
Does @senrobportman have @SenJohnMcCain courage? Vote NO on G-C. Bill disaster for #Ohio. State loses millions. READ
Will believe @senrobportman supports addiction care if votes NO on G-C. Bill terrible 4 #Ohio during #opioidcrisis
If that is so important to you, why won’t you publicly announce your opposition to Graham-Cassidy? #hypocrisy
Not an excuse to gut Medicaid, not even the tip of the iceberg. Vote NO on GC or lose all credibility on opioid crisis forever.
No. These grants are a miniscule drop in the bucket needed. Not worth the loss of healthcare created by the Graham-Cassidy bill. NO. NO.
Just remember this when you vote next time
And you get to keep all that Koch money when you vote yes on the GC bill. Ohioans have your number Mr. Portman and you don't have our backs.
Who will pay for your spinal cord replacement? You are such a toadie.
Voting no on Graham-Cassidy would help with that as well.
You know what else helps addiction? Access to affordable treatment. VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY!
Pocket change compared to the losses you plan to give Ohioans if you vote for #CassidyGraham. Vote NO!
I applaud Sen Portman for his efforts in this arena! Unfortunately proposed Federal funding for many of these programs FY18 to be way down.
Please vote no on trumpcare. It will negatively affect so many Ohioans.
The only thing I want to see from you is your condemnation of #GrahamCassidy
They'll still need affordable healthcare to get through withdrawal & addiction is a pre-existing condition, yes? Vote NO #GrahamCassidy
NO #GrahamCassidy  
STAND WITH OHIO, OUR GOVERNOR, OUR HEALTH SYSTEMS AND 
DO
NO
HARM
#ACA #AffordableCareAct #equal #quality #life #wwjd
A NO vote on Graham-Cassidy would also help turn the tide of addiction. Make your vote match your words!
No amount of grants will make up for the billions that will be stripped from Ohioans' healthcare if you vote yes on Graham-Cassidy. Vote NO.
Hey, since you're talking about the opioid epidemic, #GrahamCassidyNO
Yet you're willing to support Graham-Cassidy which would let states get a waiver and make addiction treatment not mandatory in policies.
What about Medicaid?? You promised not to vote for a healthcare bill that would end Medicaid expansion. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
But what are your plans for their health coverage? Are you really so blind that you don’t realize these issues go hand in hand?
Please don't take health coverage from Ohioans.  Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Voting for Graham-Cassidy without a CBO score is irresponsible. Vote "No".

Bullshit. What about health care for treatment?
But take their healthcare away
...yet, you will vote to cut Medicaid in our state.  Are you starting to see where you really don't help your constituents
If you vote for the ACA repeal addiction may have competition for number of deaths.
Grants mean nothing if you vote to strip healthcare away from 32M+ Americans. You were elected to serve & protect. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
VOTE NO on GC bill this week. Ohioans know addiction, mental health, pre-ex, woman's health, etc. will all be cut. Lives not big donors impt
Does that mean that you will vote "No" in #GrahamCassidy for the hood of your people? Now that a "Yes" vote is a total betrayal @SenateGOP
Agree, healthcare is important. So why not stop ignoring all your constituents who want your thoughts on Graham-Cassidy? It's pretty rude.
You know what would really help turn the tide of addiction? Voting against the Graham-Cassidy bill.
Only matters if you vote NO on #grahamcassidy which will make opioid crisis mich worse
When will you be announcing a decision on graham Cassidy? bill is bad for Ohio and you know it. I will be calling your offices this week
Are you going to vote to take insurance away from millions and to devastate the most vulnerable on Medicaid?
You wouldn't need so many grants if we had singlepayer.
Love your response! Dead on!
We need to keep Medicaid! Come ask us who do this for a living----block grants to states provide watered down services.
Vote no on graham Cassidy
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. A terrible bill that was just denounced by the @ClevelandClinic - one of the largest employers in NE Ohio
The tide will be turned again if you vote yes on Graham-Cassidy. Do what is right for Ohio. #VoteNo

No grants will be enough to help if you kick people off of their healthcare. Vote NO on #Trumpcare or the opioid crisis in Ohio will grow!
WHY DON'T YOU HOLD A TOWN HALL AND TELL THE PEOPLE WHILE YOU'RE GOING TO SCREW THEM ON HEALTHCARE
Cassidy-Graham ROB
we will see where you stand....
LYIN' @senrobportman doesn't care that opioid funding has been stripped from G-C, he still wants to STEAL your healthcare for his TAX CUT!!!
Vote no on healthcare
Speaking of tides...Mr. "Let's bit 4 pruitt & roll back regulations on businesses", have u seen that lovely algeal bloom in OH'S waterways?
*Vote, not bit* .....I blame autocorrect 
CONMAN @senrobportman voted to STEAL coverage from 200,000 Ohioans a year receiving substance abuse treatment through Medicaid!!!
not enough to do anything especially if u gut medicaid vote NO on #GrahamCassidy  if u really want to help those with addiction
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy...it will hurt Ohioans...work on a new bipartisan bill
Yet you still haven't said that you will vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill
Imagine how many people mental health professionals like myself have been able to help thanks to mcd expansion and continued funding.
I can't help but think that these tweets are setting us up for a yes vote by you on Graham Cassidy... #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
I'd prefer to know where the funds came from especially given your debt reduction rhetoric!
Now can we talk about #GrahamCassidy ????
I have a great suggestion. Ask your constituents for their comments & opinions on the major health care dismantle of Cassidy/Graham.
Fraction of the money heading into yo pocket I expect.
“and later this week I’ll vote to end Medicaid and strip substance abuse coverage from people’s insurance plans!”
How many of those grants will still be funded if Graham Cassidy passes? I would bet you have no idea. VOTE NO
And these people need healthcare! Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
The best kind of Federal money is the kind you have to fight tooth and nail with other communities to get.
