I'm an Ohioan from your district I voted for you. I won't vote for you again if you vote yes on this healthcare bill. Do you need my vote?
Dont vote this monster in again for any reason- he is a proven sellout to anyone that will give him money!
I doubt it. I think you are mostly hearing from those of us that hate everything you are doing.
Do Not turn against us! Work for us, not the party. We will remember. Have a backbone and do what's right!
To be fair, I didn't vote for him
I am an RN BSN and this will make it nearly impossible for lower/middle income patients to afford HC that they can actually use!
Give us the numbers then for and against!
"Both sides"? Trumpcare's at 16%.
Just what I was going to say @David Pepper @senRobportman
Why would any Senator want to pass a healthcare bill that would hurt so many?
No tax cuts for the rich. They've made out like bandits while most Americans have seen stagnant wages and rising costs.
Ohio's health is important.  You have 1962 days to show us you care about more than just the rich!  #bad4ohio #countdown2022
Cut Planned Parenthood and drug usage out of Medicaid bill. Miss use of drugs and Planned Parenthood  NON-PROFITS.
@senrobportman  You will put party over the people you represent as your record demonstrates.  Registered voters will remember at polls
People need health care not tax cuts for the 1 precent. Letting children and seniors suffer or die with no health care is plain wrong
They will not loose coverage, it's going to make a more responsible people that is sucking the taxpayer dry ..
How do you know if they are not responsible?  I know people working 2 jobs to support a disabled child.  Don't make assumptions!
NO to Trumpcare . Fix Obama care
Rob, for once, do the right thing and speak out against the senate healthcare bill- you cannot fight the heroin epidemic with Trumpcare
Currently, I'm able to run a business and purchase my own insurance without going broke. Before ACA that wasn't possible.
How exactly are you getting input? Twitter polls? How abt you have a #REALTownHallNOW. Tweeting abt getting input is not same as getting it.
When are these debates happening, I would like to tune in
Say NO to #trumpcare listen to Ohioan and @JohnKasich
So folks on both sides are passionate about issues; how bout let's back those who don't want their neighbors to die in the gutter? #NoAHCA
Support the EPA/NOAA and other agencies working hard for our environment. Work to ensure the USA remains the preeminent research science hub
.@senrobportman Vote no on trumpcare. Instead be a hero by figuring out how to lower costs. It's not all about insurance co needs
It's called SOCIALISM Mr. Portman, & U R suppose to be protecting us from it. If you vote for healthcare bill we will b another failed state
A stronger middle class is better for America than tax cuts for the rich. What are you doing about it?
Random sample of 250 reply to your request on Twit + FB. twit: 246 NO 0 yes 4 UThink? FaceB: 245 NO 5 yes. How will U Vote? @OhioDistrict3
@senrobportman you might talk with my @RepMikeTurner who did right by constituents & said no #AHCA - you must do the same & protect Ohioans
SenatorPortman you just keep pushing for the healthcare bill and send KasichCare down the road your disabled neighborSteve-45103
NO ON TRUMPCARE! Please don't take my insurance away
Constituents? You mean the rich who line your pockets. FTFY.
How about showing us stats and post'g the actual words. Transparency is Democracy. Afraid? @OhioDistrict3 @IndivisibleTeam @CbusIndivisible
The comments from YOUR constituents to YOUR request almost all NO. How will you vote??? With them? @IndivisibleTeam @OhioDistrict3
If Rep.Scalise wasn't who he is & didn't have health care,how would he ever have afforded a week in ICU without losing everything?#Trumpcare
Yes. This.
I find it hard to believe that you are getting any calls supporting this new HC bill. I feel like this tweet is cover for you. SAD.
But then you will vote the way Mitch McConnell wants you to vote, irregardless of what your constituents want.  An embarrassment to Ohio!
We the people want more health care for more people, not less.  Vote no for your constituents.
The GOP is certainly passionate about killing off its citizens. Vote NO on the healthcare bill, snd start working with Dems on this.
Senator: Sincere question ISO sincere response: for what reason(s) would you consider voting yes on the BRCA/AHCA? 1-2-3-Go...
*BCRA
Please listen to all your constituents
Seems like a big rush to push it through without much debate. Just like Dems did with ACA(we have to pass it to see what's in it)
Please vote no on AHCA.  It would harm Ohio.
If you really are hearing from both sides, release the number of calls/tweets for each side.
Both sides? We are not fools. Please vote no on this #mean legislation
Who are the people that think this health care bill is good? Must be the very wealthy
Mr Portman, can you please help Trump build the wall.
Where are all your pro- trumpcare replies,  senator?  Maybe you could provide one?  Then watch us year it apart.
#RepealAndReplace #BuildThatWall #DrainTheSwamp
That's just plain disingenuous. Both sides. Nonsense. Post "input" for pro trumpcare. Let us tear it apart.
How about having hearings on imp't things like health care and Medicaid cuts?
Vote no on the health care bill.
I hope you put the needs of your constituents and your humanity above your greedy and broken party.
Lol to caring about constituent input. When is your town hall? Why participate in a secret drafting process and rushed vote? Vote no.
Please try to work with Dems to fix ACA

If you vote against the death and suffering of Americans and tax break for the rich you will be a hero to millions & considered a hero.
Tax cuts for the 1% didn't help b4 and won't help now. The current senate bill will kill healthcare & the economy
Vote no on Republican No  Care health plan. People will lose jobs. People will suffer and die. Rural hospitals will close.
All of the work you've done to help substance abuse victims would be more than undone by this bill. You know this.
Democrats. we appreciate your listening. Worried abt medicaid & elderly plus opiods and our kids. Tax breaks to rich bad if people are hurt.
Host a townhall with your constituents. Give the people you serve & represent the chance to speak for ourselves, face to face
Vote Yes on HC...President Trump's agenda #AmericaFirstPolicies #MAGA 
As a constituent, I want to know why you support kicking 3million of your constituents of Medicaid.
Vote No on the healthcare bill...
Does that mean you are actually going to listen??
Physician here in Ohio. This bill is a disaster and people will die because of it.  That blood will be in your hands if you support it.
Guess a democrat first, eh? So what about it will kill people?
I believe this proposed bill is not good for America.
How?
I don't think the bill does enough, nor is it in the best interests of the majority of Americans.
Senator, don't cut Medicaid! #MakeAmericaSickAgain!
95% of your tweets are against this "bill" your thinking over??? You work for the people. Do the right thing, PLEASE!
Some senators have been providing number breakdowns. Can you?
If only you listened to constiuents the way you listen to money...
Fraud.
If you truly care about addiction, about children and seniors, about OH families, you must vote NO.
Our passion is our well being and health. It's in your hands. Be a good person and vote no.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare Vote NO!!!
Vote against health care proposal
This post is the mayonnaise of Twitter, it's pointless and says nothing. You could post this any day of the year #Vague
Tell us who is calling to support the healthcare bill...so we can educate them.
This Health care bill is more like a Wealth care bill. Please tell us how many people called you for and against this
Why not post one of the arguments you are getting from the other side. Perhaps we will be persuaded too.
You refused to see one side quite recently.
Vote No.
There's no "other side". Just Ohioans.
Is the "other side" tweeting? I never see their tweets 
I sincerely doubt there are two sides to Trumpcare. Unless you count a party of one as a "side."
vote no on the proposed healthcare law. It Stinks on its face and stinks for being written in secret #NoTrumpCare #badforusa
Medicaid is the life blood of children, opioid victims, the poor, the disabled, the elderly. Some of these people will die if you vote yes.
Both sides? How many of your constituents are asking you to take away their insurance to fund billionaire tax cuts? We're not stupid.
No you're not. Don't lie.
#VoteNoAHCA
Vote No on this horrible health fiasco and you just might see a 2nd term.  Vote Yes, this will be ur only term.
Well, what do YOU believe?  That will make all the difference in proving who u are.  And who will support u going forward. #SaveMedicaid
Here's one: Don't leave us high & dry while DJT's friends get richer. Cmon Rob. You can see through this abomination. I know u can.
Please oppose this dangerous healthcare proposal. This is about life and death for so many innocent people.
You aren't debating healthcare! It deserves more than 20 hours. And we can read ur twitter feed; it's very clear that we want u to vote NO!
No one is in favor of cutting Medicare.  It is widely popular and Trump promised not to cut it.

Rob, is assisted suicide part of Trumpcare? Because that is what cutting Medicaid will lead to when Grandma can't afford a nursing home.
Don't sell out the rest of the nation to make a deal for just us Ohioans. The country needs Medicaid expansion, not just OHIO; every state.
Beliefs are nice but they don't have to have any basis in fact. The CBO for AHCA is horrible. You know it. If you read it.
Both sides? You are getting a lot of people asking you to drop their healthcare coverage?
Then be intelligent and not a party back.
Fix Obamacare. You all had 7 years of bitching and  then nothing to fix it when your time came. And now show us who benefits from Trumpcare.
By both sides do you mean your constituents and the GOP?
What hearings are you talking about?
Have you read the statements posted here?  The bill has next to NO support.

Don't lie.  You, me, and everyone on Twitter knows you aren't getting calls about passing this.
my voter for you will depend on your vote- vote no in Ohio's best interest!
Passionate? Vote no on the healthcare bill. Every single person in Ohio is making the same plea. 43614.
We are passionate about health care. The current bill is terrible for Ohioans. Please vote no. Please.
But you're only listening to the lobbyists lining your pockets.
Who's debating? Or is Mitch just telling you how to vote today?
You have not been available for input from ALL.
Passion means nothing. Look at facts, for crying out loud. trump's Death Care Plan screws over everyone except the wealthy who get tax cuts.
READ YOUR OWN BILL. Look at the CBO report. If you pay attn to the facts, you have only ONE CHOICE. VOTE NO!
FACTS
#AHCA moves our #healthcare system backward by limiting coverage for millions of Americans. Swipe to learn more. https://twitter.com/PatientAction/carousels/871829875488944128 …
FACTS 

This is what trump's Death Care Plan looks like for middle America
My God, this thread.

Middle income increase in ANNUAL health care costs for a 60 year-old:…
The overwhelming input from your constituents is NO to the terrible Republican health care bill. Vote NO, NO, NO, NO! Don't gut Medicaid,
Please share the input numbers on yes vs no on ACHA. You will devastate human lives if you vote yes on ACHA.
How many calls have you received in favor of AHCA? How many against? Transparency, please!
Vote no on #TrumpCare. It is bad for me and bad for the rest of Ohio.
This is wrong wrong wrong.  Vote No.
Do not do not do not vote for this cruel health care bill.    You are an animal if you do.
Give us call tallies for all your offices. Everyone I know stands to lose with this bill.
Please vote NO...this is a disaster for our country. You worked on this bill which says a lot about you.  We will remember.
Our excellent OH gov (who has a heart of gold) does not support these medicaid cuts.  He should've won the presidency.
Please @senrobportman , vote no on this cruel health care bill. Your Ohio friends will suffer.
Oh please. We all know no one is passionately begging FOR Trumpcare. Pretending to look thoughtful,but you always sell out in the end.
So, if this bill goes thru, we will have more drug addicts + more untreated mentally ill.. is that really the logical way to go?
plus the violence we've already witnessed from a mentally ill man (shooting of senator).  Do you really want more of that?
Can u imagine all the ppl of OH that would lose mental health counseling and meds?  With this political climate we are in  (cont.)
Please vote 'NO' on this horrible bill. Trump PROMISED not to cut Medicaid.  Shall we call him  "Lyin' Trump", now?
He always lied and still does, some just never bothered to check.
Really? You've got a bunch of Ohioans worked up wishing you'd strip away their healthcare? No, You got several rich dudes and the rest of us
Without Medicaid expansion my daughter died
There are no "both sides" here. There is the imperfect but valuable and effective ACA and there's Wealthcare.  Stand up for Ohioans!!
That healthcare bill you're debating? One side literally wants me dead. So yeah, I'm pretty passionate about it.
#PP planned parenthood prevents more abortions than any org in US #FactsMatter
My cousin's grand baby has been through many surgeries    He is 1.   You would yank his health care.  Do not call yourself pro life.
If you want a prosperous #Ohio, fight for your constituents to have their physiological needs met by voting NO on BCRA. #PortmanVoteNo
Would you accept it for you or your kids as constructed?  Isn't reasonably priced healthcare something all Americans would be able to buy?
What phone calls? Nobody answers the phone. It just goes to voicemail.
Both sides, eh? How about releasing constit call totals for and against GOP #wealthcare bill?
If you care at all about your constituents, vote no on the health care bill.
Do you have a sense of the % of constituents for and against BCRA/ACHA? Are you willing to share that %?
I call BS - what are the numbers of yes vs no?   How much are you getting paid to vote yes.
Anything that can harm is not good. Remember you work for ALL not just the @GOP act like a #leader not a bought and paid for #fool
Time for YOU to stand up for what YOU say YOU are passionate about:  " protecting Ohio's most vulnerable," "fighting the opioid epidemic."
I hope you will vote NO. Please from Dayton, Oh
If you are getting feedback from constituents on both sides, could you post #'s? @ChrisMurphyCT did. #transparency
I'd love to see a tally of how many people have called/written in support of this health care bill vs against. Don't think it's quite even.
How many are for the bill? Please vote no and stand up for Ohioans and country
We know that with you $ talks, so are we going to have to start a gofundme so you'll listen to us? VOTE NO!
The only positive input you are getting for healthcare would be from the wealthy wanting that big tax break. VOTE NO ON TRUMPCARE!!
Will you report the number of calls you're getting for and against the health care bill? Your Twitter replies seem universally against
I'd love to hear the argument FOR the AHCA from someone who is not a millionaire or 300K deep in the pocket of insurance lobbyists.
You can't even begin to pretend that you are getting pro-AHCA calls. Unless they are from your big donors. #votenoAHCA
Please do not support this.
No constituent that understands healthcare would ever vote yes on this bill it is a tax cut. We pay for police, firemen, why not healthcare
How many people really want you to vote to take away their health care, Senator? Or to minimize the funding for your opioid pet projects?
I may be left, but I trust in your ability to do what you see as right for Ohio
this can't be one of those "oh we'll fix this later" when Medicaid runs out.  8 years, House and Senate, & this is what u came up with. 
ACHA will make me uninsurable- small biz owner, 50s, BC survivor. My premiums, if I can get coverage, would b about 2.5k A MONTH. VOTE NO!
I'm trying not to be a cynic. It's hard. You can help me by voting for the bulk of your constituents on health care, not just the wealthy.
How much money would we need to give you to get you to vote against the Senate health care bill, a.k.a. #DeathCare?
How many calls have you gotten in FAVOR of this legislation?
What sort of debate is it when the @GOP leadership won't allow debate & when protesters are arrested for exercising 1st amendment rights?
Check you voicemail Senator, your vm is full. Vote NO on this garbage Health care bill. Ohio deserves better!
