You'd rather kill the weakest among us. I'll make sure you get a copy of my death certificate detailing how your heartlessness killed me.
You work for the people, not the insurance companies. Try to remember that when this bill comes to the senate
The AHCA will not make things better.  Please listen to Ohio's voters and vote against it!
Then figure out a way to work together and find a solution, W voted you into office to get change. Have to start somewhere.
So what's your idea on how to fix it? What is the answer? We can't let insurance companies go back to saying who gets care and who doesn't.
why is congress exempt from new bill?
Then we can assume that you will come up with another plan that is reasonable & you will gladly accept that plan for your family.
I demand that you oppose the AHCA. It is BAD for Ohio. It is BAD for the country. Anyone who says differently is a liar.  @OhioDistrict12
Costs were blowing up long before ACA, remember? I do.
SINGLE PAYER
The ACA needs to be repaired, not hastily repealed to the detriment of millions of Americans simply because it came about under Obama.
US 11 of 11 OECD countries in costs average per person $3400 US $9400 = PROFITS - take the profit out of healthcare and costs will plummet
Talk to @tickerguy he has the solution or fixhc.us The question is do you and the rest of DC have the stones to implement?
I usually just troll you, but serious q: What is the conservative solution to outrageous & rising healthcare costs, specifically?
You should be ashamed of yourself.   If it were your son maybe you would care.    It it's my son so you don't.
Going back to not covering pre-existing conditions and people not having coverage isn't acceptable.   My son depends on Obamacare.
We have to put America above party.  I ask that you try and make average Americans your priority
Agree, status quo has to go...but how about taking on the real issue: ever-increasing costs of everything medical. Scared of Big Pharma? 
My daughters work for an addiction center and they believe that Trumpcare will be catastrophic for their cliants.The Ohioans can't afford it
Count me in!
This bill is not the answer. It only creates more problems.
Reinstate the subsidies that were meant to compensate insurers for accepting high risk conditions.
The AHCA is legislation that will literally kill people. You are just repeating Republican talking points. Represent your constituents.
Help fix it, #ACA was a building block for universal healthcare, not to be status quo. This should not be by party, it should be 4 Americans
Pass a health care law that requires YOU to have. If it's good enough for us it's good enough for YOU
Yes, premiums/deductibles are too high,but answer is NOT to take away pre-existing conditions coverage or any&all health care from people!
So does that mean you're a yes on the trash that just passed the house?
Because Republicans keep sabotaging it! Marco Rubio and risk corridors. Ur constituents r not stupid. Stop lying/obfuscating! @POTUS @OHDems
Vote yes Senator. It will be fun seeing who takes your place when you lose your seat
Everyone should send you their medical bills and you should pay them for us.
This bill won't lower healthcare costs. Giving up coverage for lower premiums is not a good trade-off. Don't repeal, improve!
try single payer. Duh.
This is due to Republican sabotage of the ACA, like when the risk corridor was defunded. Fix that and don't repeal the ACA!
Sean Spicer often points out that Medicaid recipients can not find a doc to treat them - "a card but no coverage".  Does Trumpcare fix that?
Medicare for everyone. I mean, it is the most cost-effective option and it has high customer satisfaction.
You ARE the Status Quo. In a suit. With PR talking points ever at the ready.  Too bad for all those suffering with addiction, eh?
Do you think this tweet tells anyone anything? Maybe you think criticizing not good enough is rational for voting for awful. We get it..
Eliminating the tax deduction for Employer paid health insurance would allow the free market to operate and increase the pools for #ACA
All you need to do with #ACA is increase the size of the pools, that would improve the pricing.
If you vote to support AHCA, I will vote you out! My insurance & coverage IS affordable under ACA.
Then penalize the damn corporations fr making thecosts so inflated, dont penalize the sickest citizens! People over profits, not the reverse
This is the most anti small business legislation ever.  Why start a new business if you have unlimited medical expense exposure
YOU NEED TO VOTE AGAINST TRUMPCARE PLEASE!
Don't vote yes on trumpcare. You will loose my vote, come re-election time!
So does this mean you'll vote for this horrible AHCA Bill?
By giving tax cuts to rich people and corporations. You see, that causes the hurzenbaltzers to gorgle the tweekles. Problem solved!
Insurance companies, drug companies, medical equipment companies & hospitals all making a boatload of money. Does Trumpcare fix any of that?
#AHCA only worsens the problems for those of us with preexisting conditions. If you care about US speak out against it.
When will you be holding a town hall?
Why would he want to do that? He would have to face all the people who want him to vote no!
well regardless you need to vote no on ACA repeal when it comes to the senate
Please make sure it loweres medication costs and costs to access healthcare. Especially for those with Chronic pre-existing conditions.
Do you think the medical community just might have some insight on healthcare, maybe?
Which is why we need to rally behind the most popular healthcare plan, Medicare for All.
I will count on you to oppose this bill when it goes to the Senate.
If you want to kill poor people that's your prerogative but don't pretend you're doing it for a noble reason you freakish ghoul.
And this excuse for legislation isn't a solution to that problem.  Vote no.
I fucking dare you to vote yes on this bill when it come to senate.
The Senate will change it before they vote on it. How about we wait and see what the Senate comes up with. This fight is far from over.
and #AHCA doesn't address any of those problems
And they weren't rising BEFORE the ACA? Why were millions without healthcare pre-ACA?
When is your next town hall meeting?
