Your constituent analysis shows that you need to have a #REALTownHallNOW.
#SCHEDULETHETOWNHALL
@senrobportman Your approval rating has been hovering in the teens forever and a day. Just an FYI.
Fraud.
You need to take an economics class. You clearly have no idea what you're talking about. #outoftouch
Whose analysis?
Why do you keep repeating known garbage. Do you actually think that will distract people from your desire to destroy healthcare?
You and other RINOS didn't create anything in years, so stop boasting and follow Trumps lead!
Vote Yes on  healthcare you may lose the kick back but it will help more American's
want jobs? Get employers out of the insurance business and watch jobs soar.
It's time ! #The25thAmendmentNOW
Why when a Republican president leaves office, the USA is in a recession or close to a depression? Trickle down doesn't work!
Your assumptions are wrong and therefore analysis is incorrect.  This conservative view has failed to work, every time.
#InvokeThe25th #25for45 #25thAmendment #25A #25thAmendmentNow #Dementia #Unhinged #CrazyPants #Disturbing #CountryOverParty
No white in that flag? Racist
Forget analysis, which will say whatever you want it to. Pick up a history book. Tax breaks for the wealthy always increase the wage gap...
...lead to a downturn in the economy, and increase unemployment. Never worked before and won't work now.
Make the tax code more progressive. The wealthy should pay more in taxes.
It is nothing but a distraction to have us look away from deathcare, thump style.
As budget director, you tried & it failed. Under Obama, you demanded it be tried and it failed again. What's different this time?
That is a very big "IF" Senator! We are watching "IF" you can even do Kate's Law right, let alone #taxreform - barely did @Gorsuch_SCOTUS!
Bullshit.
It's not that bad
How about standing up to let Ohioans know that Trump is unwell? Until you do, NO to you!
Where on the Ohio map does it show where your health care town halls are, Senator? OH-09, 43606
Agreed. 44023
Please show your work. When in our entire history has trickle down economics worked?
Let me help.
Quote "take that info back to constituents and have an informed discussion" can you tweet dates/times of your town halls?
He won't, he knows he's a traitor to Ohioans, and Americans, and he's also a coward.
When this group of Reps mention something pleasant-sounding like  "simplify the tax code," I immediately determine what I'M about to lose.
A jobs program with "the hope" of jobs doesn't sound like a jobs program.  It sounds like more corporate welfare.
No more tax cuts for the wealthy.
What is "the right kind" of tax reform? The kind that takes money from those who need help & gives it to the already wealthy?
How long are you in town for recess? Would be great to get a chance to talk health care and taxes at a town hall.
After you ravage our country,  what are you counting on for your political future--voter suppression?  Criminal.
Bullcrap. Same trickle-down, voodoo economics that has impoverished the middle-class and created the 1%.  Shame on you.
Call @senrobportman at 202-224-3353, 1-800-205-6446. Be polite, leave your name, zip, tell him your concerns. #taxreform #trickledown
One sure fire way to get wages up is to the raise the minimum wage. Lots if historical data to show that it works every time.
Quit enabling a cry baby
Where are the Don's  taxes.  Stop letting him off the hook
Stop trying to help the rich.  Simplify the tax code. A rewrite is not necessary
Please don't sell out 22 million for opioid money.
Trickle down doesn't work any better than your party's leadership. There's got to be a better way for all of us. False theories cost lives.
Are you aware of this? How much did you sell your YES vote for?
1: ALERT: McConnell just sent a revised bill to CBO. They’re close to a deal. This is CODE RED.
https://www.axios.com/senate-asks-for-cbo-score-with-without-cruz-proposal-2451585212.html …
No tax reform until Trump releases his taxes.  #DontheCon #WakeUpAmerica #trumpLies
Name 1x in our history tax breaks increased a wages? Reagan in '82 started. Wages stagnated badly. by 1990, Bush raised taxes.
Define" right kind". In general for R that means tax cuts for rich. Without details this is just a slogan.
Whose economic analysis, Professor Irwin Corey? We know who you are and what you are! We know exactly how you vote and who  you follow! STOP

Consult with Warren Buffet.  That old Reagan era trickle down theory is a fraud.
For whom? The rich, or the rest of us?
Do you mean cutting inheritance tax for wealthiest or wasting money building a useless wall? #NoBanNoWall  #Resign
A SLIDING SCALE for TAX REFORM...
THE MORE YOU MAKE, THE MORE YOU PAY!!
DON'T CUT TAXES TO TOP 20%
NO TAX REBATES TO TOP 20%
KEEP ACA...
Reading through responses, it seems we have wised up to your tax 'reforms', Senator. Your rich buddies benefit, the rest of us get screwed
of delivery for health care then you're either pandering to conservatives on taxes, or pandering to liberals on health care. Just politics??
So the free market works and must be bolstered in every industry except health care? If you don't accept the free market as the best means
Trickle down doesn't work. The rich save a larger % of their income, so cutting their taxes does less for the economy than a tax break 1/
for the poor and middle class. Trickle down only serves to widen the $ gap between the wealthiest and poorest citizens.
I suspect you mean trickle down.  How about a zero tax rate to those $50k or less and have the rates go up from there?
https://limaohio.com/news/249974/analysis-ohios-business-tax-cut-goes-to-the-rich …
Cutting safety nets is awesome so the economic elite can keep the population, sick and impressionable. Keep up the amazing work, Rob.
Remember all the jobs created by Reagan trickle down tax cuts? Me neither.
If you up there do not do the right thing soon. There might not be any country to worry about healthcare.
Tax cuts shouldn't be given to the wealthiest 1%. Countless studies show that the poor and middle class are the drivers of the US economy.
I've got more if you'd like, @senrobportman http://herald-review.com/news/opinion/editorial/columnists/noah-smith-tax-cuts-for-the-poor-middle-class-help/article_bd551609-7a40-5e1d-8c60-093d0a4f4e55.html …
Fix the Senate healthcare debacle first, Rob. @GOP has a history of juggling too many things and failing at all of them. Healthcare...
yoy're on the damn committee. FIX. THE. ACA. Tax reform is a different discussion on a different day. Get a clue, Rob. The majority of your
constituents are not happy. Deal with it. Fix it.
So the past 30 years of tax cuts wasn't enough but the next one will be? Vote no on the healthcare bill.
Then you don't need to STRIP HEALTHCARE AWAY 25 MILLION AMERICANS to give retroactive tax credits to the rich?? Score! ... the @GOP must go.
Does the "right kind of tax reform" have to begin on the backs of the poor and sick? #leadership
#impeach
Ya... look at Kansas. We need to not do what they did, there's clear analysis for sure.
