When met with a reasonable foreign policy, they are less likely to act aggressively. Any thoughts on #DumpDevos?
he won't respond - @BetsyDeVos bought @robportman's vote!
I really hope that's not the reason. He wouldn't sell our future to the high bidder.
Refuses to answer his phone .But can be bought by DeVos
Have you called offering money?
Pa is having a go fund me for there Sen .I guess we have to start one
Ok I mean money talks in the GOP
Going to war seems to be important to you .Worry about answering the phone to people in Ohio .No one DeVOS
has shown that, for a $51k campaign donation, he will vote for an unqualified, anti-public school candidate. #NoOnDeVos
wrong you cannot pursue peace through strength. it would not be peace it would be war. Use your brain.
Please vote no for DeVos. She is unqualified for Secretary of Education. Do the right thing.
You know who has the moral fortitude to stand up against concessions and weaknesses? These senators.
i believe the Tail is Waggin the Dog here. Create the problem to push the Trump agenda #hatemongers Meanwhile! #Ukraine
Dude, we met them with a racist travel ban, not concessions.
Advise your constituents will take if you vote yes on Devos. #DumpDevos
sounds like the current approach to @POTUS STAND UP AND BE STRONG AGAINST UNCONSTITUTIONAL INJUSTICE IN OUR OWN COUNTRY!
way to address your constituents who clearly want you to vote against Devos. Busch league.
Come on. Show strength #nodevos
#noDevos #DumpDevos
Strength is standing firm against bullying without becoming a bully.  BTW, No on DeVoss!!!
Translation: Lets bomb the brown people!!
Congressional oversight? Where were you turncoats when Osama Obama was giving away the store? Relish the anarchy you started.
just made it easier to keep Big Oil payments to foreign govts a secret. As in foreign payments from Putin's Rosneft to Trump.
I don't know what you mean. Are you suggesting we attack Iran?
And diplomacy.
have some guts to do the right thing. No to DeVos, stand up against Steve Bannon. Hey maybe some others would follow the lead
no to DeVos would you please stand for all of us
I think you are wrong. Don't be a party to pushing us into war. That is Bannon's agenda, not ours.
I agree and let's not meet DTlL with concessions and weakness.
again we in Cleveland do not think Betsy DeVos is remotely qualified. #careerover
Respectfully, shut up and answer your constituents or step down!
Your constituents have been trying to reach u. You are dodging us on the issue- NO ON DeVOS! Have a backbone- listen to us!
please do not vote to confirm Devos.
Hello @senrobportman - did this $51,000 really buy your vote?  If I raise $52,000 will you vote #NOTODEVOS ?#DumpDevos
China is "gearing up" with some very nice missiles for US and we can thank Don Trump for that
Do NOT support Devos for Secy. Of Ed. Listen to your constituents.
If you held a town hall, it would be as lit as this:
Studies have shown a reduction in violence amongst Mohammadians after they are shot in the face. #BanIslam #NoPedos
We'd have to be stronger than China
in strength against Iran
China co-op protection agreement w/Iran
Iran & China are allies
you must answer your phone
VOTE NO ON DEVOS
peace through strength is not peace that is intimidation aka bullying. The heart of America is better than that & u r 2.
Now that is funny.  Read that in a fortune cookie? Agression is met with aggression and the US will lose this one.
Your constituents are asking for YOU to avoid concessions and weakness by voting NO to DeVos!!
This message brought to you by the DeVos family, whose $51,000 bought Rob Portman's vote. Qualified by money. Nothing more.
Ohio has shown when met with the same things they vote your ass out. Listen to Ohio, senator. It's ur job! #noDevos
You are unqualified to talk about strength. Your support of DeVos is evidence of your weakness and lack of courage.
lots of foreign policy tweets perhaps to deflect from Bitchy DeVealthy and vote to allow filthy coal to pollute our waterways
Why support DeVos when she is either ignorant or dishonest? Is this good for OH?
http://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2017/02/04/513220220/betsy-devos-graduation-rate-mistake …
.@senrobportman wants to talk about anything but his decision to vote for #devos on Monday. Wants $51k more, so rolling over on #PublicEd.
can we pursue strong public schools for our children #NotoDeVos
That's why they tested a missile under Trump's watch! We know, we know! #impeach
You watched the Devos hearing & thought she was qualified. You obviously lack good judgement. You're becoming irrelevant.
It's important that we know exactly what that means & involves. Sanctions, negotiations, military maneuvers or engagement?
Trump did this not Obama you hypocritical Trimp sycophant
Iran doe't want peace u of all people should understand not everyone wants peace look at the Dems in actions against @POTUS
Does this involve putting any US soldier's life in danger?  Additionaly: Is "They're not behaving" part of the program?
what strategy would you advise for the voters who are trying like hell to reach you? #DumpDevos #SavePublicSchools #DoYourJob
THE VOTER has shown that, when met with concessions & weakness, they are more likely to vote out the incumbent. No to DeVos!
.@senrobportman Please explain peace through strength.  Sanctions? War? Troops? What exactly?
Is that why Trump has GOP Congress bowing and scraping?  #fearthetweet
How 'bout you show some strength and stand up against DeVos?
plese tell me you are not actually this ignorant about world relations
You must pursue free quality public school educations for all Americans by voting NO on Betsy DeVos! #DumpDevos #Ohio
You & your #GOP colleagues just added $10 trillion to the nat'l debt. Are you guys buying us a new war we don't want?
@BetsyDeVos's donation should NOT trump education! She is not qualified and a #liar! Listen to #Ohio! #DumpDevos!
he won't listen to his constituents ! She's cancer for public schools.
Most of the historians I've met with would argue the opposite. Putin's Russia, however, fits this description pretty well.
fewer tweets, more town halls around Ohio.
he won't pick up his damned phones and listen to us. What makes you think he will show up at a town hall? #noDevos
One last time..Maybe. Vote NO on Betsy DeVos. @SpeakerRyan taking funding for brkfst/lunch, the 2of them will take ed back.
vote no on Betsy DeVos
pay attention to Ohio before Iran .  Vote NO on De Vos
Aren't u in FL hobnobbing?
How about you listen to your constituents? We need a Sec of Ed that will #standup4publiceducation #nodevos
And while you're at it, can you vote NO on DeVos for us? Or is that too much to ask with the donations she's made to you?
this is Portman talking about literally anything other than his cabinet votes b/c he's #boughtbydevos
Instead of telling us what we must do, can you tell us what you will do?
That is some serious cognitive dissonance you've got going on there.
