what about the propaganda pushed by our media?
we need to know that there are no conflicts of interest in the White House. Demand a release of Trump's taxes.
great to see collaboration w @ChrisMurphyCT, he's fantastic! He is also vocal about important things, like #Trumprussia.
who decides what is or isnt disinformation you snake
stop using my tax dollars for stupidity.  I want to see real action,  not fighting the "false narratives" crap.  45701
we need an independent investigation of the Russian interference in the last election, independent of Congress and politics.
Do something about the liar in chief! Enough already! #SpecialProsecutor
you were elected to represent Ohios population, you should show up at Town Hall meetings and respond to constituent calls
what about false narratives from our President?
.@senrobportman How can you not demand the end of false narratives from 45?
What do you say about @POTUS tweeting unsubstantiated accusations?? Speak up for Ohio! #44718
What about the false narratives from our @POTUS? That's much more dangerous! @senrobportman
Impeaching Trump will help counter false narratives.
Poorly timed tweet, Senator! When it's your president who's promoting false narratives.
how about our President?
how about the false narratives from DJT?  How will you be countering those Senator?
Does this act help prevent US presidential staff from having secret meetings with Russians?
very good. Now how about the same thing for the propaganda and disinformation emanating from the White House?
Where's your legislation to stop the false narratives and purposeful disinformation coming from the White House?
what about controlling our US "press".  There need to be legal consequences to spreading false info if called news agency
there are 100 sen. that to work for us and the farmer
We should be more concerned about the #propaganda and #disinformation from America's mainstream than anywhere else
what about false narratives from the president. Grow a backbone, Rob. Otherwise, enjoy your last term....
what about countering false narratives from @realDonaldTrump ??!!
You really have the nerve to post this? If u truly mean this u will include a call for independent investigation trump/Russia
yes please!
Will this apply to false statements coming out of the  White House?  I am a very concerned Republican.
Stand up to your President. He's out of control.
, @ClimateReality is unhinged and this is what you tweet? I find it hard to respond without being disrespectful, but COME ON!
"But I see through your eyes
And I see through your brain
Like I see through the water
That runs down my drain."
-Bob Dylan
False narratives f/WH more troubling. #wheresthatbill #whostolethecookiefromthecookiejar #kickthecandowntheroad #donothingRob
What about false narratives from potus?  Stop the distraction, independent prosecutor for Russiagate,  POTUS'S tax returns.
Cool!  How about countering false narratives from our current president??  By the way, how about a town hall??
yours or the country's?

#Trumprussia #Resist #NoGorsuch #SaveACA #NoKXL
@HouseGOP
Oh.... So you are worried about #Kompromat
Are you concerned at all that cuts to the State Department would gut this program?
what about intentional disinformation from @POTUS. He has access to the best intelligence but quotes unreliable sources-awful
what do you say about the false narratives being tweeted out by POTUS?
Like Trump's false narratives? Grow a pair, Portman. Investigate!
Does that include the @POTUS?
@MattMackowiak Got anything to counter false narratives from our President? Remember- America first!
What are you doing about past narratives and current crap? #ImpeachTrump  #russiagate
.@senrobportman Any plans to curb "false narratives from Trump?"
POTUS Propaganda and Disinformation Act. #PPDA no pun intended
Sounds like we need this at home since our largest source of #Disinformation is from @realDonaldTrump #investigatetrump
like the false narratives (commercials) about the ACA every hour that 45 and admin put out?
.@senrobportman You often sound very reasonable.  So why not stand up to the #RepublicanPresident for his false narratives? #PleaseHelpUs
And the lies coming from Twitler?
what about the disinformation coming out of Washington?
And what is your plan for the embarrassing disinformation from your own party? Act please and be the one who stands up.
thx Rob.  I admire bipartisan legislation. Need to just add "and Domestic" into the title of that law.  ;)
Are you calling for complete investigation of Trump's false narrative regarding President Obama?
when is 45 going to act like and respond in logical presidential manner? It's embarrassing, don't you think. Action please!
How about false narratives from our own Executive Branch?
Keep pushing back against the disinformation being disseminated by the radial democrats. Their only purpose is subversion.
write a bill requiring POTUS to provide taxes for conflicts.
we know you are the Koch's errand boy - so you'll be giving them big tax cuts while killing your constituents.
.@senrobportman Could you start by helping us get @GOP Russian puppets and actors out the White House?

Billionaires demanding politicians rip health care away from working class families. It's like a Dickens novel. 
Glad to fight them on this. https://twitter.com/jwpetersNYT/status/838450619887255553 …
Special commission to investigate Russian ties to Trump campaign. Do your job. We deserve the truth, whatever it is.
.@senrobportman & @ChrisMurphyCT work together vs. #falsenarratives & #alternativefacts coming from WH & #POTUS. #CountryOverParty
This won't do any good if we have Trump in WhiteHouse spewing lies all day every day and colluding with Russia.
how about from our own lying @potus who gets his intelligence briefings from Brietbart and Infowars?
Today when the president's tweets have been particularly insane, I can't believe you have nothing to say about that. Speak up
Seriously, you need to find a way to counteract the propaganda and misinformation coming from President Trump.
A. Define "adversary." B. Does this include Russia?
our adversaries?!?! What a joke....do something about Trump-we will remember at election time.
Does that include @KellyannePolls and @PressSec for alt facts and #propaganda
We need to look at the propaganda being generated by the trump administration.
PORTMAN...it's time to #GrowSomeBalls and STAND AGAINST TRUMP RUSSIA AND CORRUPTION!!!!!
How about countering the false narratives from our president?
so that means you're countering trump ridiculous claim of Obama wiretap...right???
can we put one in to combat the propaganda coming out of the WH?
honestly, if you only try to silence FOREIGN propaganda then you are complicit in the Trump propaganda machine
That would be a great topic for you to bring up at a townhall meeting!
there's a typo in your press release.  Find it and the balls to stand up to the foreign puppet installed in the white house.
the biggest false narrative threat comes from our president
Obama for prison!! #draintheswamp
Please tell me you understand the irony in this tweet.
@MattMackowiak Rob, I'm a Vet originally from O H I O! Keep fighting the good fight and u may b a chosen one for President.
sorry but most of the false narratives come from the GOP these days. You've lost your credibility. #ThanksTrump
What about from our president?
what about our own President???
how about alt right (i. e. Fascist) propaganda?
What about from our own President?
get a handle on false narrative coming from WH do your job investigate the Russian connection demand 2c what Potus is hiding
by adversaries do you mean President Trump, his cabinet and the entire GOP house and senate?
you need to be more outspoken about all these Russian ties. Also how you feelin about the Great Lakes project now?
Cute bill but what about doing something about the "Foreign propaganda and disinformation" that took place? #Trumprussia
Are you purposefully aiming at irony here? Wow. The biggest source of disinformation has been the Trump White House.
let's start with our own White House where wild statement are made with NO factual basis.  #CountryOverParty Senator.
From within and outside our government?
And you will counter false narratives from the WH by....? Hint:answer has nothing to do with crackers.
And when those false narratives come straight out of the WH? What then? Stop messing around and DO something about him!
Do you think Obama admin tapped Trump's phone?  Lead by taking a stand against false narratives by Trump.
Ok. This is good. Now we need independent investigation into DJT ties 2 Russia. Also, Sessions lied under oath & needs to go.
please support the release of his taxes.  If there is nothing there, there is nothing to hide.
I think the idea is excellent, but how do we do this when Trump & his administration continue to call our own system fake?
what will it do about false narratives from our @POTUS? The GOP president is making baseless claims and threats.
how about countering disinformation coming from the White House.  Someone has to speak for Ohioans against Trump's lies
or lies from Fox, CNN,  MSNBC, Wash Post, NYT .....
Thank you. Please work to make sure that all Americans understand what happened in the last election to educate for future.
Nice but what about internally. Prez has no proof former admin listened in on him yet here we are.
you should focus on the false narratives being propagated by the President and his staff
