Ohio needs you to stand for us and NOT big business! #dotherightthing #CountryOverParty
Be on the better side of history here. No "go along", Mr Portman. Lead not follow
Can there be a more disingenuous person in Washington right now? Help for opioid victims! Help for trafficking victims!What kind of help?
I'll help you out. Vote no. It's bad for Ohio and it's bad for the American people. Millions will lose insurance. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
You know what needs 2 b  done. Bipartisan agreement. Don't wait 4 others.be strong and smart
Do you really listen to anyone other than big money and your GOP cronies? Do your job, Rob. Represent Ohio's interests
Very disappointed Ohio constituent/supporter. The bill is a nightmare.
In other news North Korea feels we have declared war,  @potus hates black ppl & disabled ppl begged Congress not to kill them. WAKE UP.
Don't vote for it.  Don't do it.
You can't seriously be thinking of voting for this new health plan !!! Try to remember your an American first before a republican. Vote no !
Please have a heart and vote no.
You’re not listening to the people you represent.no one wants repeal and replace, just FIX what we have with the Dems!!
Repeal and replace TRUMP if you want to do something constructive!!!
It is important...more money to Maine and Alaska. What about for Ohio?
Do the right thing - vote no. Bipartisan committee to get it right!
make sure you share stories of the 3000 disable Ohioans waiting for a Medicaid waivers in Hamilton county
Kill the bill.
Monsters make people beg not to let their families die. Oh wait, I mean the GOP makes ppl beg not to let their families die.
This bill is a literal killer.  No on #grahamcassidy is the only vote that supports your constituents.
Senator, how about giving the victims a chance to speak about this ethically vacuous an morally vacant bill?
I really wish you had the character to stand up for what's right. You do not.
you should read your twitter feed, Senator. You've lost your finger on the pulse, quite literally
Vote NO.
They're still trying? It's so dead their heath care plan would never cover it.
I hope you heard it's a bad deal for we the taxpayer's and citizens of the country
Lol
Are the republicans such elitists that they don't listen to their constituents. VOTE NO!
And yet you won't meet with your own constituents to hear their voices on this. #NoGrahamCassidy
This is a terrible bill and it is failing. If it even comes to a vote, yours should be no
This is not helpful to the issues, you claim to be fighting for: sex trafficking, opioid crisis... vote NO.
Funny not one reply in support of this bill, odd if it's so fantastic
Vote NO!
Please stand up for Ohioans who need health care. Dont cut ACA or Medicaid 30% and place individuals back at risk of high surcharges.
What every healthcare expert says is more important (and believable). It's absurd you're not listening. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
I believe most of them were thrown out; wheelchair and all.
Please vote NO !!!!
As if the pleas of all Ohioans wasn't enough.  Pathetic. We will remember when don't vote no!
Senator Portman,please stand w/Ohioans&vote no.We need affordable, accessible care w/EHB & pre-exist coverage
Don't vote for something you have not enough information about. #voteno #OhioVoter
The experts have already spoken and so has the Govenor and the people of Ohio.  What more do you need? VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY'S TRUMPCARE
Did you learn this?  You can still stand strong for Ohio and #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
People can't hold on.  Provide relief.  Repeal.
The bill I bad. It's sad that your constituents keep voicing their concerns, yet you still vote for this ungodly bill. Shameful!
Vote NO!
Waiting to see you keep your promise and at least repeal SOME of Ocare!!!  It's got to go. Need to return to free market principles!
It's terrible. Vote no.
Vote NO on Graham Cassidy!
Are you going to listen to those that don't agree, or are they not invited 
Vote no. This is not the legislative process. Stop pretending you are upholding the integrity of the law and protecting Ohioans.
Join the bipartisan effort to create a healthcare plan that works.  Your constants demand a real solution.
Sometimes I really wonder if you really listen to your constituents.
How about hearing from your constituents? WE DON’T WANT IT!
Save Medicaid!!
We are counting on you to step up and do the right thing.Your allegiance is to your state, not a party that is completely falling apart
You had better vote NO on this horrendous piece of legislation.  If you don't,  you will get voted out of office!
One hearing? You should vote against with McCain. This is not how Congress should be run. A vote in favor is a vote against America.
Vote no. Stop this rediculous childish republican behavior now or your taking a permanent timeout in 2022
But not the ones police have barred from the hearing, because the voice of the disabled ill and impoverished are to inconvenient for you?
You vote for Graham-Cassidy...We no vote for you...
I can't wait for Ohio to overwhelmingly vote for another 4 years of this miserably terrible Senator.
AMA is against this bill. When will you listen to healthcare providers!?!
Your support for Graham-Cassidy is BAD for Ohio and BAD for the Nation.
It's a sham hearing and you know it.
The bill is a disaster and the @AmerMedicalAssn @AARP @AmericanCancer and various other orgs have already said so! Get a clue!
Bet you're really looking forward to Koch Brothers funding your next campaign when you vote yes on Trumpcare
Vote yes like you've been promising for 7 years
You should be looking forward to hearing from your constituents! VOTE NO AND STOP THESE DUMB GAMES WITH OUR HEALTH
Vote No #
Why is #GrahamCassidy hearing in Finance Cmte? Why only 1 day, w 8 witnesses? Why are 2 of em Graham & Cassidy? Why only 1 non-govt witness?
The answers are obvious. We see what you're doing. If #GrahamCassidy becomes law & founders, we'll remember this process; this 1-day hearing
Hahaha nope it’s over
Vote "nay", Senator.
Oh so that means you plan on showing up? Wow good job. Way to do something.
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy Sincerely, one of your constituents.
Vote NO.  #SaveMedicaid
Vote no Real Lives Matter
So the "P" in Portman does stand for Putin. Figures, given your support of the Good 'Ol Putin party. You are gutless.
Do the right thing for Ohioans-- vote NO
This is your one chance to be counted and support for Ohio. Vote "no" #GrahamCasiddy. Support constituents not POTUS.
Please look out for the people of Ohio and vote no.
This Ohio voter needs you to vote no. Do not support this poison. I have great insurance but still avoid needed healthcare because of costs.
Wow 1st time u mention it. How u voting? #fakefoxnews
Please vote 'no' for your constituents and the country. This is to important to rush through. Work together across the aisle.
Please vote no pn this bill
Don't screw Ohio!!! Vote No!!!
You're support of this bill will be another nail in the coffin of your senate career.
Needs to be bipartisan- discussed like a group of adults. Not some orange faced menace pushing it down your throats. VOTE NO ON THIS BILL
Vote NO for Ohio!
Graham-Cassidy is shameful to its core.  Puts the most vulnerable among us at risk.  Please do the right thing for OH and US... vote NO.
This bill is not good for our country.
Let's get this on the record!
Vote No on this bill. Listen to AMA, Hospitals, Insurance Co, and your constituents.
Vote for the bill. Like you promised you would. Or step aside and let an honest person take your place.
Sarcasm Notice! Glad you are taking this incredible amount of time to hear from all the stakeholders. I am sure you are covering it in 1 day
Do not vote for this plan...its bad for ohio
Did u walk out like a sheep , following the leader?...arent u better than that?
Why bother, you blindly support the party line #spinelesssenatorportman
Ummmmm...
Did you see all the people in the halls waiting to get in?
Why don't you listen to their testimony?
Or your constituents'?
#NoGCHJ
He might if they slip $$$ into his pockets as he passes thru.
He won't get close enough!
Ohio loses billions for health care, the Medicaid expansion & dollars for opioid crisis. governors will have to make hard decisions. Vote NO
Why? We know you will do as thr big money donors tell you.
Yes... we know all too well what matters to Portman & it's not the people of Ohio & America. #BABAOhio12
Finally and what do you  think
You mean experts like Graham and Cassidy?
This isn't a fix. Please vote against it.
PLEASE vote NO to save lives!
Republicans have all left hearing room as most Democrats remain listening to protestors shouting
Why won't you hear the people of Ohio? @SenSherrodBrown seems to listen , even @JohnKasich hears ups, but not you
Wow! You finally tweeted something about #Trumpcare Maybe you’d like to hold a townhall to talk with more “witnesses?”
I look forward to you voting No! On #GrahamCassidy
JUST. VOTE. NO.  It really is that simple.Our state and our country deserve better.Reach across the aisle...work w/ Dems to improve the ACA.
Senator do you listen to CLE Clinic or Koch Bros?  Watching for you to show your true character.
Vote no on #grahmcassidy
Portman has to go...vote him out next year
Please vote for #grahamcassidyYES
Don't kill America! #GrahamCassidyBill is murder! Do what's best for the people not big companies!
Please vote against this terrible bill.
I’m one of your witnesses to higher deductibles & less care after leaving a group plan. Constituents over donors
Your offices have not answered their phones all day. Mailboxes are full. You are not listening to Ohio. Vote NO on Graham Cassidy
Another constituent here asking you to vote no. Your fellow Ohioans need something better. Please listen to us!!
What is there to like?  Nothing. Nada. Ne Rien.
#GrahamCassidy not a plan. For profit #healthcare is the problem and the "market" can't fix problems w/o gov't intervention. #SinglePayerNow
Vote No #GrahamCassidy
One hearing for a bill affecting1/6 of the American economy . . .Vote down all who support it in their next election!
I submitted testimony on why the Affordable Health Care Act needs to stay in tact.
How do you feel about hearing from us?
Isn't it a bit over the top politics when the bill is tailored to the no votes? leaves me felling ill that this is what they think of us.
Please listen to your Govenor and reject this cruel bill.
Voting no is what needs to be done
Vote No on #GrahamCassidy If it were a decent bill, the vote would wait for add'l hearings and the CBO score. Rushing it thru=no confidence
Please vote NO on this.
You risk your credibility and reputation if you vote for this bill. There is *nothing* that can be done to it to make it favorable to all.
It's a bad bill for Ohio, will cut Medicaid expansion, the @AmerMedicalAssn is against it because it violates 'Do No Harm'. Please vote No.
Please listen to medical associations, hospital associations, patient advocates, Medicaid directors - vote NO
Just vote NO
Please vote "NO!" You know why. It's the right thing to do.
Please listen to the people of Ohio and the medical community, and vote no on this abomination.
now you just seem to be thumbing your nose at Ohio. You know we're stuck with you until 22, so you don't need to pretend to care.
Vote NO!
What about the people who are going to be directly harmed by this bill? Do you want to hear from us? I'm guessing you don't really care.
Five days out, no CBO score, no amendments, one hearing, second draft today. You need to vote no on this.
well you certainly haven't cared about hearing from your constituents. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
.@senrobportman, .@GopSenFinance. Hearing from the bill's cosponsors isn't a public hearing. You fail once again to listen
Vote no
Children at Nationwide Children's Hospital need your help.  Do not let them down.  I don't have much faith in you.  Shameful.
Listen to all the health experts who oppose this monstrosity of a bill
You NEED to vote NO! #GrahamCassidy
Hear from aarp and the AMA this is a bad bill. Vote no
#GrahamCasiddy will negatively affect Ohioans; I have 1st hand seen devastating impact of no/poor coverage on cancer patients
Graham-Cassidy is a disaster for the American people.  Please do NOT SUPPORT!
Vote NO!
You need to listen to your constituents for once. This is bad for us and bad for Ohio.
LISTEN & follow what your constituents are telling you. The overwhelming Majority do NOT want Trumpcare! Stop wasting time & go bipartisan!
Thanks for tweeting something about this subject, will be interested in your impressions.
Too bad such a short list of witnesses, and no regular order.
I am looking forward to the revolution to extinguish all muslims and devils who feed at the hands of Rothschild, and am not afraid to speak.

Police remove protester as demonstrators shout "No Cuts to Medicaid, save our liberty" at hearing on health care bill. (via ABC) 
Please vote no. This bill will hurt Ohioans.
Vote no Senator.
Please do not vote for this bill just because the GOP thinks it needs to "pass something." Doing something just to do it doesn't end well.
We all know you are voting yes on this bill regardless of what it does. You consistently put your party before the people of Ohio.
As you listen to the witnesses, listen to your constituents who overwhelmingly are asking u 2 vote no. #autism
Do you look forward to hearing from your constituents? Seems pretty clear what we are asking from you, sir!
Try being a hero rob. Vote no
If the witnesses are Graham or Cassidy, you need to leave.
Have some integrity!! Vote NO! Listen to and follow @SenJohnMcCain and @JohnKasich #DoNoHarm #NoGrahamCassidy
Pls vote no
It has not been vetted properly, seen the light tot day  and most reputable health care orgs are against it. Vote no now.
just like we have been DYING to hear from you on your stand for/against this bill.  Vote No Senator!
Vote NO on the #GrahamCasiddy. This is bad for Ohio and no medical society has come out in favor of this bill.
#VoteNoGrahamCassidy
I'm sitting in my Ohio home watching the POLICE ARREST people trying to join with, and be a part of our government, and their future
COUPE?
You KNOW the right thing to do about this bill. Just like I KNOW you won't do it.
Looking forward to your NO vote, Senator.
This is a sham. Vote against this Senator Portman.
Please protect working citizens that cant afford   to take care of their own healthcare. Please vote yes gram/ cas
What about the integrity of the Senate process?
Hearing on a bill that was drafted yesterday, without a CBO score.  This is absured.  Your constituents don’t want this bill.
How about the thousands of constituents who called, written, and visited you?
Please vote NO. My six year old son has a pre-existing condition and the Graham Cassidy bill will not protect him.
ask about pre existing and the elderly. Ask about Medicaid and your state. Ask about regular order. Ask about CBO
Do not throw your constituents under the bus, especially while taking away their insurance
Vote no on this bill. Vote no on cutting Medicaid.
Wow, an actual hearing on a healthcare bill? After it was written 24 hours ago? So experts have had how much time to work through impact?
@senrobportman It’s time to step up. POTUS isn’t concerned with #healthcare or PR. Your leadership is needed now.
How about listening to us? You know, the people who put you in office? Vote NO!
Have you read the redrafted bill? Will you listen to the dozens of healthcare orgs who say NO to #GrahamCassidy? Including @ClevelandClinic?
Middle class had their healthcare taken away under Obamacare & given to poverty class.
How about the CBO? Or your constituents! VOTE NO
NO  ON GRAHAM  CASSIDY.  HORRIBLE FOR OH.
You a fraud Rob.  All you have to do is read this bill to know that is a death sentence to many.  VOTE NO!
I am a constituent. Vote No on this bill.  The Governor is against as is every medical association in US.
Voting for a bill with such massive financial implications for the US is irresponsible without a complete CBO score.  Vote NO
Christ almighty Lord in high, he speaks! Yes, hunny, thank you for joining us--we've been talking about #GrahamCasiddy for weeks. Welcome.
FINALLY-u r addressing this beast. Listen to the real witnesses who will suffer not the other politicos who just want to ram something thru
Listen to every professional health association in America, and more importantly, listen to the many Ohio citizens against this - Vote No!
No CBO, #VoteNo
Must be affordable. Otherwise it's all debt piling up on our next generation for our selfishness and greed!
