Did you see the AARP ad today on NBC.  Vote no on this Bill Senator !
Good time 2 tweak ACA, w/ medicaid/medicare 4 all option & give private ins honest
 competition. ACA  Medicaid pre-existing protections
Excuse me? You have tried to sabotage it 7 years then create uncertainty in the system...but the exchanges don't work?
Stop lying your party stopped paying the payments ,You do not care about http://Ohioians.You  care about the 1 precent and the kick back
Absolutely the GOP/Trump stopped payments to insurers for ACA coverage.  GOP has an inhumane AHCA so they can give their donors kickbacks
Rob Portman.....beat senator money can buy. Of course, if you don't pay Rob, you get nothing......
Again... What is Senate doing? Let's hear some debate? Planning to provide opportunity to review before any vote???
In the meantime....you'll damage those in need and while we wait, well, you should be counting your days as an Ohio Senator.
Are you referring to those other countries with lower healthcare costs?
Why are you trying to pass #trumpcare without a public hearing? Is it really that bad?

Because of . . .
And the counties with none!!!! How about those folks!!!! Write offs????
When is your next town hall meeting that's a real town hall meeting? (Request #232)
Not with this bill.  Let the democrats join the conversation and come up with an alternative that actually benefits ALL the people
Then fix THAT problem.  The new healthcare bill is a disgrace and you know it.
Insurance companies are pulling out because Trump is threatening to stop payments. The collapse of ACA is delibrate, and you are complicit
Anthem's pullout of OH HC b|c Pres & Reps play political games repealing the ACA.B/C of this 70,000 OH lose their HC.That's unacceptable.
Don't vote for the proposed Trump plan. It is NOT an improvement
Sir, I hope you read your twitter responses. You represent these people and their taxes pay your salary and HEALTHCARE.
All the fault of Republicons. You have done all you could to block real reform since Clinton proposed it in 1993. Let 40,000+ a year die.
#tellthetruth #shameonyou
Why can't we have the single provider healthcare that EVERY other advanced, business-friendly country has? Do health care co's own Congress?
Yes, they're in their back pockets.
Because the GOP won't support cost sharing subsidies, insurers flat out say so. This is on you.
Because of the uncertainty caused by Republicans.

sorry Senator you have done nothing to save Anthem...this is wrong. No vote until you face voters. Shameful if you don't we want town Halls!
For profit health care not working. Time for medicare for all!
If you do the political thing in this instance, it will negate all of the good that you have done in your career.
Address the problems, don't create new devastating problems for your most vulnerable constituents! NO VOTE ON AHCA! C'mon, use your head!!
Mr. Portman  hmmmm and the RICH  get Richer if this bill passes.  Single payer Insurance is what we should have.  You sir work for OHIO

We've done a lot better in WA than most states because the DEMS got on board the #ACA & worked FOR US. Imagine if every state had done that?
@senrobportman, funny thing: #Obamacare is a competitive market. It just needs fixed. I'm afraid you'll pass something worse. #SoSad.
You are going for the win instead of what is important to your constituents.
That's because they're scared you won't support them. Wonder where they got that idea? @realDonaldTrump
Time for Medicare for all. Bypass the insurance companies altogether.
Okay, but that's not because of ACA.
How can an insurance company be licensed in Ohio and not serve all Ohioans?
Once again, blame the greedy insurance companies, not the AHCA. #Trumpdoesn'tcare wont be better.
All because the insurance companies are scared of the instability caused by potential ACA repeal.
Or even know the price. Providers give insurers their prices. Why can't we all have them?  https://www.change.org/p/end-predatory-healthcare-pricing/u/19017911?tk=wyXtIwOFjz_Wd1uLiD39UPaNSAnnCND_MASoehzKN-w&utm_source=petition_update&utm_medium=email …
Anthem left Ohio marketplace because of the threat of the AHCA, not the ACA regulations.
As part of Team Trump your #SABOTAGE of the ACA will be shouted from the rooftops next election.  Your moderate tone is fake. #radicalgop
Have a town hall, we'd love to discuss.
How does #AHCA introduce competition? It doesn't have a public option.
Thanks to YOU!!  Fix ACA and publicize process!
Correct thanks to u and your parties' 8 year sabotage.  Mission accomplished, your dark money donors will be so happy.
How about price transparency? Posted prices that are same for everyone not based on who your insurer is. You wouldn't buy gas this way.
How about we cut pay to congress and establish #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer systems? It's not like Congress really works for it. People do.
Single payer is a great way to get costs down.
The republican plan will increase costs because fewer people will be insured.  We'll be back to square one. Does that MAGA?
Because you and your fellow republicans took it away.
You've waited six years for this to happen, are you finally ready to offer a solution, or are you sticking w/ the nebulous repeal & replace?
If you're a real moderate you won't condemn millions to no coverage. So many Portman-sponsored bankruptcies.
Ask the insurance companies why. I think they'll tell you uncertainty since election 2016.
step up sir!
Health care is a basic human right sir. I should know, I'm a nurse who treats all people, regardless of who is paying !
or how about supporting a single payer system for all Americans.
you should back fixing weak parts, sustaining what is working.
actually Ohio under John Kasich's leadership was doing fairly well in this arena.
due to RNC manipulation and uncertainty in the market.
There are ways to improve this situation. How about working with the Democrats to find a solution?  Any interest in that??
Sabotage is a strong word Senator Some of your constituents insist on using it Maybe we can meet to discuss why you think it's not #townhall
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.334
they all charge the same for the same coverage.
Another tweet fired off into the twitterverse w/zero regard for constituent responses #EVERYONEisfeduprobby #yourasininetweetsareinfuriating
That is your fault Senator because you didn't object when Trump sabotaged Obamacare. You sacrificed our health for big donors. Shame on you
Listen to the people of Ohio not the GOP
Because you and your cronies would rather diminish ACA bc it was Obama's than work to fix it.  It's pretty disgusting, actually
Please tell us your plan for pre-existing conditions? Please do not repeal until you figure out an affordable plan for the sick who need it.
How many jobs will be lost in Ohio in healthcare will be lost so the 1 precent get a tax rebate You only work for the 1 precent
Because u Trump & GOP are sabotaging ACA Trumpcare is an abomination Need single payer system Negotiate drug prices Premiums based on income
Still no solution from GOP. Only tax cuts for the rich.
You so want tax rebates for the 1 precent .But what about the children who depend on medicaid to live or the seniors in rest homes
You need to talk to @embena. These are some of the worst Twitter ratios I have ever seen.
#trumptool

#savetheACA

#REALTownHallNOW
Any bill that doesn't allow for hearings and amendments is WRONG. Improve the #ACA. No to the #AHCA.
Start telling the truth. Reason insurers pulling out is because of fear Trump will dump paying them. GOP/Trump playing politics w/ lives.
Then how about crafting a bill that will actually address these issues? AHCA won't.
You are really only concerned with insurance co. profits or you would work to fix ACA and not support your party's "plan"
Because of the uncertainty created by the house and yourselves. You're doing this to us.
The AHCA won't fix that. You know that. It'll let insurers raise prices for the Ohioans who can least afford it. Don't do this to us. Please
I guess we need a public option then to ensure that private companies will always have competition...
Your. Bill. Has. No. Price. Controls.
