No probe, no robe! Pres under criminal investigation should not appoint to SCOTUS!
Stolen seat
NO! NO! NO! You cannot confirm the nominee of a president under investigation!! Our president is a traitor!!!
NO to Nuclear Option.  You need to find a Justice who can can 60 votes!  The majority of country voted against Trump!  @SenSherrodBrown
Do you care what your constituents want?  #rubberstamprob
What happened to Judge Garland? Remember him? WE do!
I support judge Garland for SCOTUS. Remember ignoring him?
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
Sir, You have never voted against anyone POTUS put up. So no surprise that you are supporting Gorsuch. Pls side with the people for ONCE!
I am concerned about the way that he finds for corporations rather than ordinary citizens. We don't need more citizens united rulings.
Did your discussions with him reveal who is paying for all the ads on his behalf? Stop the #darkmoney allowed by #citizensunited.
The dark money supporting Gorsuch has also contributed to your perpetual campaign. Why do you hide from your constituents?
Merick Garland. Speak no more hypocrisy.
Key words "I" and "my". Representing your bank account - ignoring your constituents. Such an infuriating disappointment.
This is unacceptable
Disappointing.
#confirmgarland
#STOLENSEAT
Disingenuous thief.
Merrick Garland. A legitimate president nominated him. This president is being investigated by the FBI. Who's the lame duck?
#NoGorsuch until an investigation is complete on @POTUS and Russia.
Disagree.
NO. Listen to your bosses-your constituents.
Good thing you don't drive trucks.
I am your constituent which means I am your boss and I say "no". Or we're going to  play our own version of the Apprentice.
Simple. Because u play politics. Do yr job stop closing yr eyes Russians in WH and u do nothing
Left you a message at 202-224-3353. Approx 3:23 in video made stomach turn: 4 people, by the ppl!? Really? Bet most tell u 2 vote NO on Gor.
Disappointed in you. Irresponsible to move ahead on a lifetime appointment when Trump admin still under investigation. #votersremember
#stolenseat #MerrickGarland
When I listened to the hearing with his decision on the truck driver with frozen brakes, I knew he did not belong on our Supreme Court.
This sudden respect for our constitution rings hollow. Why'd you change your mind? Come discuss at a #TownHall in #45701.
You truly do not represent your constituents.  I feel sorry for those that voted for the puppet of the GOP.
Rob Portman...human rubber stamp
No need...we already know it's because ur afraid of that lunatic known as @POTUS!  We can't wait til 2018!
Vote NO to corporate favoritism.
Why support Gorsuch when his appointment was made by a man under FBI investigation? Country over party. #norobe #russiagate
How much did your support cost? You are doing a disservice to the people of Ohio by backing this nomination. Work to unite, put party 2nd.
YOU SUPPORT ALL THESE DOUCHEBAGS THAT ARE BEING INVESTIGATED FOR RUSSIAN COLLUSION! WTF ARE YOU THINKING SUPPORTING GORSUCH! YOU SUCK!
You supported unqualified DeVos, Flynn - want's immunity for ???, Pruitt - destroying EPA, and Sessions - LIED UNDER OATH! You're DONE!
Just tell them the train leaves at 3;00 pm, with or without them, no D's minds are going to be changed. More work to get done.
Nope. No. Absolutely no. 293 days you denied Merrick. No confirmation until investigations are over. #youworkforUS
Are you too benefiting from dark money?
No #confirmgorsuch
#Gorsuch puts corporations ahead of people. #Garland is more qualified for #SCOTUS. Reconsider your support. #NoGorsuch
NoGarland
Portman is in the opening day parade right now. Turn your back and yell "no nuclear option!" Make that parade a townhall for that turncoat.
The GOP listen more to corporations and people under investigation for collusion with an enemy power than American taxpayers. Lol.
$10 mill to put him in. $7 mil to keep Garland out. $17 mil in dark money. What's in your wallet?
The SCOTUS pick you support was picked by POTUS under FBI investigation.
A stolen seat w/ a judge nominated by a pres under investigation! We don't want your reasons why. No excuses. #StopGorsuch #Trumprussia
Had you given Judge Garland a hearing and vote and rejected him it would be different You ignored const. job. So Gorsuch is not valid nom.
Where's the link to your floor speech about giving SCOTUS nominee Judge Garland a hearing?
Hold up there, after POTUS investigation completes, then vote to seat. If Trump goes, so should nominee.
Rob whoretman, the finest senator betsy could buy!
Supporting judge who consistently rules for big business at detriment to rights of regular people & workers is wrong. #justiceforall #resist
He's not a consensus candidate. Can't get sixty votes. Not worth nuking the filibuster over. Choose someone else.
No! If Obama's pick was denied bc he had <1y left, a Pres under investigation by FBI should not get to appoint.
Does your speech address how it seems everyone else Trump has nominated so far has been in cahoots with Russia? There should be no vote yet.
I support your future replacement.
sorry, a POTUS that's under federal investigation should not have the authority to nominate anyone...  WRONG.
And Ohio no longer supports you ......bye bye
He is not up for election again until 2022. That is why he doesn't feel the need to care for us.
No. A president under FBI investigation should not be able to nominate a judge who will be on the SC for 30 years!
Appreciate that.  Tell Brown his job is on the line because 'no' means he's supports party above country.
NO confirmation Senator!! Our President and his surrogates are under investigation!!! This confirmation would be FOREVER tainted!!
Disappointed you support the nuclear option and allowing our court to become extremely partisan. 
$17 million spent to install an ideologue to SCOTUS seat stolen from voters. We should know who's buying this lifetime seat.
