We'll see.
How about tax breaks for parents of disabled children?
Taking the social safety net away so wealthy can get tax breaks, no, that should not be partisan, but it is. Why do you stand for this?
Our congress is broken. You don't listen to Americans.


.@senrobportman Hello Senator, anyone home? You do realize that you are "We" don't you? Who governs the IRS & writes the code? Do you job! 
Concentrate!  RUSSIA!
You make it a partisan issue when you refuse to talk about raising taxes on Americans who don't pay their fair share!
No - our voting districts are broken.  Why don't you fix that? Oh- might make re-election difficult...
We the people are watching. Tax relief at the expense of the average American is a no no
btw, how do tax cuts spur #jobs? All I've seen is tax cuts make CEOs and shareholders richer!
when all u do is give tax breaks the rich and throw a bone to the rest of us it's hardly bipartisan
if it's Reaganomics, nah we tried that. Didn't trickle down.
tax breaks for the rich doesn't work or fix the code. Case in point: the Reagan years.
ok, increase taxes on wealthy, increase spending on poor, arts and public broadcasting.
You want Dems to be bi-partisan funny because for the last 8 years your side were not even bi-curious
Hahaha yes!! Love  it!
I stole the concept fair and square from another tweet in my TL wish I had thought of it!
Trickle-down doesn't work.  Time for flooding-up!  But you've known this for years.  Gonna do it right this time?
For REAL tax reform please support @FairTaxOfficial #FAIRtax
Ah yes, the old standby sound bites of b.s. LOWER TAXES WONT STOP JOBS GOING OVERSEAS! It's a race to the bottom
you're right about it being broken. The rich do not pay their fair share. Fix that! #ohio #taxreform #AMJoy @SenSherrodBrown
please be mindful of the growing gap between rich and poor...and the negative impact of the Bush tax cuts on the deficit
Priority is Commission hearings that investigate and report to American ppl that answer questions about Russian interference.
I know that GOP would like to ignore the Russian cyber attack. The longer that you do, the guiltier it makes the entire party
you are part of the problem sir!!! Stop tax breaks for extremely wealthy and corporations!
Create jobs.... or give more tax cuts to your billionaire overlords like @BetsyDeVos?

#bribery
it's just hard to believe anything you say anymore Rob!
so quit voting the party line.  I suspect you only want bipartisanship when it benefits you.
Job #1 is the Russian investigation. We need to find out who's a traitor before enacting legislation
corporations don't make more jobs with less tax, they line their greedy pockets.
Will the wealthy get more tax breaks? Who will be fit from tax reform?
Fixing tax code is not a partisan issue. More benefit to rich, less to poor is partisan. How about equal and fair?
It certainly WILL be a partisan issue if your party favors top 1% with tax cuts. Expect a battle royale, i.e. Trumpcare.44236
... well that was a pretty quick change-of-subject
trickle down is a hoax. Your tax reform equals 1% paying even less.
Let me guess. You want the rich to not pay their share. We're going to fight this, too.
Putting $ back in the hands of middle class and those aspiring to middle class families-making their lives easier, is it!
We already know that trickle down doesn't work. Tax cuts don't work. What do you think is wrong with Kansas? Failed R policy
Our president is broken.We need to fix that. Our relationship w/you is broken. We need to fix that. #REALTownHallNOW #fixthat
Dems will make it a partisan issue. Wise up. This is war.
dear sen,plz ask US military to declare #MartialLaw so a #Military tribunal can try politicians for #HighCrimes #HangTraitors
Pay tax only on profit for businesses or individuals.  Equal treatment under the law.
Actually given that Obamacare is "imploding" working together to fix or implement single payer is a priority.
Jobs are important. Also important is funding for education, health care, social services - pls don't sacrifice those.
And remember they support jobs too. I work at a public university and won't get a raise this yr because of funding issues
Tax breaks for wealthy & shutdown of working-class programs not the answer. Let's start by cutting Trump family vacations...
U need to fix our healthcare system first.Single payer universal healthcare 4 everyone,including Congress.
Tax breaks to the rich do not help lower rungs, but simply make the rich more so. Compare pre-Reagan middle class to now.
Repeal and replace!
we need free market health care portman
As long as the rich don't get disproportionate tax breaks, you're right.
More supply-side bullshit. What creates jobs? DEMAND. What creates demand? A lot of people with money to spend. Get creative!
The tax code is broken when a “billionaire” like @realDonaldTrump pays no taxes. Do you pay your fair share?
anytime you try and portray anything as non partisan you come across like a giant #hypocrite #partybeforecountry
I know I don't matter bc I have not & never will vote for you, but don't you love America even a tiny bit?!?  #RUSSIA
The more pressing problem is TRUMPS TIES TO #RUSSIA 
The GOP broke it with too many breaks for the wealthy. This encourages them to hoard instead of invest. Very partisan.
you're right, just like fixing the ACA shouldn't be, but congress will make it that way. Prove me wrong. Double dog dare ya
.@senrobportman You guys capable of non-partisan? #backitup Ohio jobs are about so much more than just mfg. jobs. #taxreform #WeThePeople
Reagan
Marginal Tax Rate on Regular Income: over $215,400: 69.125% - over $29,750: 28%
Maximum Tax Rate on Long-Term Capital Gains: 20% - 28%
Eisenhower
Marginal Tax Rate on Regular Income over $400,000: 92% - 91%
Maximum Tax Rate on Long-Term Capital Gains: 25%
why are u just retweeting the same THING? Important = yes. Most important thing at the moment = absolutely NOT #priorities
#TrumpRussiaCollusion @DevinNunes is compromised our democracy is being tested, what the heck? Get your head out of the sand!
you continue to vote against the wishes of your constituents

you're what's broken, Bobby
Good point. Let's help ALL Americans.
What shouldn't be a partisan issue, getting to the truth on #Trumprussia #TheResistance coming to a neighborhood near you
You are so right lets return tax levels on the wealthy to that fine Republican Eisenhower's level or even Reagan's
shouldn't be partisan,but will be because go p will insist on biscuits for wealthy to exclusion of all else.
our President is broken, I'm pretty sure he's too far gone to fix. Time to replace!
You and your GOP colleagues made Merrick Garland a partisan issue.
strong economies, jobs are built from ground up, not top down. Make sure tax changes focus on low and middle incomes
Trickle Down is about as partisan as it gets, and that's what your statement oozes.
