Clevelanders are still sensitive about all the times our river caught fire. Please don't make us go back, Vote NO Pruitt
I celebrated outside your office on Valentine's Day. Why didn't you come say hi? When is the next town hall?
Ohioans care abt repair ACA, Russia, corruption in this admin, 45's taxes, etc. NOT your V-Day meal! #WhereIsPortman
Why aren't you doing your job? You obviously don't care about your constituents.
Awww, so bad. And this while poor folks either had to work or had no means. MGEDYAYAmerican Christian Movement
town hall meeting with his constituents would be better. Not for Rob at this point though. Everyone hates him.
America's Financial Salvation# I know how# contact
donalddavidson1948@gmail.com
is this why you can't work on investigating security breaches this weekend?
You need to visible support Pres. Trump! This harassment has to stop for the good of the country! Dems are ruining America
Corruption in the Republican administration has to stop for the good of the country. Russia is ruining USA.
Too bad you weren't in your CLE office on Valentines day, I wrote you a letter with the good people of @CuyCPC
As a gift 2 u we are going 2 launch a study into how many requests it takes 2 get a town hall meet date in Dayton
why didn't you schedule a townhall with your constituents?  #WhereIsPortman
Seriously!? I just signed a petition for him to have one. Do your job, Rob.
roses are red, violets are blue. When you run again, 0 votes for you.
beautiful! 
once again, you let your constituents know you were in state AFTER leaving town. Face your constituents!45177
you sold out Ohio for DeVos' bribes. Thanks a lot, puppet
better get the hell back there, Swamp is getting deeper
INVESTIGATE RUSSIAN COLLUSION OR GO DOWN WITH THE SHIP!
paid for by DeVos' $51k? Did you wipe the table with tears from public school children? You don't listen to constituents
did Betsy DeVos buy the dinner? #corruption
Do your Job ! You made yourself part of the swamp. I'm from Lucas county. Will never vote for you.
Hope you had fun while your constituents are terrified at the lack of morality and the corruption in DC. Take a stand for us!
What a waste of government resources! Can't believe government money was wasted on this! I guess your wife is fair game now!
back with your #constiuents I see. Did you actually talk to any of them or are they not worth it without $$$ #WhereIsPortman
INVESTIGATE Trump/Pence/Flynn with a committee like 9/11 -
about to have a constitutional crisis and ur tweeting about chilli?What is wrong with you? You're out in 2018 for sure.
town hall!! Pretty please with sugar on top
.....$51k from devos and you took your wife to skyline? Dude. I think I'm now MORE ticked. I'm pissed at you for her!
I'd be more pissed that my husband was using me as a prop.
No trust any longer Senator. You have betrayed us. You need to call for an investigation of this infected White House.
you look so out of place
Are you going to do your job as an American elected official, sir, & investigate further Russian influence?
did Betsy Devos buy your dinner?
funny how you are trying to be a 'man of the people' after the $51K you took from DeVos. We the people see through you!
hilarious!!!! Enjoy it while you can. #wewillnotforget #draintheohioswamp
Happy valentines day. I hope you join Sen. Blunt in leading the charge to investigate Russian connection.
On what side will history show you to be?  It's never too late to do the right thing.  Investigate Flynn & Trump.
That's sweet, now how about you start fighting against Trump's lies, corruption, and toading to Russia?
#cometoneo
That's a great picture! When you get back to DC it would be great if you could work on the Russian entanglement in the Oval.
please keep health care for all.   And please keep America safe from Trump and Putin
stop flouting your continued arrogance and ignorance! Are you purposely trying to NOT get re-elected?!
a #pandering photo will not fix how deeply unhappy many Ohioans are with you
Do your job, also quit faking like you're a Cavs fan. #investigateflynn #wheresrobportman
you'd think that 51k from Devos would allow you to eat something that won't send you straight to the crapper. #TownHall
OMG we don't care about your damn 3way! Schedule a town hall and investigate Trump!
as my eyes burn and water from Arco Recycling illegal landfill oozing methane into the neighborhood
seems that most commenters on this are confused about the election process. Also don't appreciate cinch chili. Funny, that.
That is nice. Now, be a patriot, find out who told Flynn to call the Russians. You owe Ohio the answer. #Indivisible
Fled back to D.C., don't you mean!
just once could you tweet something RELEVANT?! There is much to choose from. When your next townhall? #WhereIsPortman
You need to meet with your constituents now.  #wheresrobportman
was that before or after you helped confirm some of the most unqualified cabinet members in history
Proving once and for all that you are a real human and not a healthcare-killing Bannon-controlled android.
Can Skyline cater your townhall meeting?
if you are home why no town hall meetings?
I am deeply offended that anyone would eat chili over noodles, and also without Fritos.
Did you ask workers how they'd like #Puzder  as Labor Sec given his disdain for a living wage and many FLSA violations?
Watergate hearings: "What did the President know and when did he know it?" Still a pertinent question! #FlynnResignation
Literally:
Do your job! Investigate Russia.  Release Trump taxes.
gross.
wow, really? Countless constituents are asking for a townhall w/ you. Here you are in town & you ignore us.
probably because he doesn't represent us, he represents those families who give him 51k
Man, if this is a staffer please STOP. He's like the band playing while the Titanic sinks. Better get out while you can...
I celebrated Valentine's Day outside your toledo office with 45 other protesters.

couldn’t you have used some of your DeVos bribe money to have taken Jane out to a nicer place? #cheapo
PLEASE insist on investigating Flynn/Trump ties to Russia!!
good luck with that.
Do your job, Flynn needs INVESTIGATED Kiss your wife get back to D.C. AND DO YOUR DAMN JOB we pay your salary Ohio voter
We might pay his salary but we aren't making him rich with bribes. #Devos #wontforget #2022
