No one is buying your spin #GOPlies
Here is a senator talking about importance of reducing the deficit (something about the govt on a spending spree) https://www.portman.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/deficit-reduction …
On your watch Rob...

Again.

What will your “thoughts & prayers” do before the next one?

https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/04/opinion/thoughts-prayers-nra-funding-senators.html …
What kind of a guy gets excited about taking $$ from Medicare & Medicaid to give tax breaks to the rich?
The kind that needs boted out of office
Current tax proposal takes from the low income, cuts services,  and gives to the rich. Vote no.
Why weren't you excited about CHIP? Why weren't you excited about Expanding and Refining ACA?
Why aren't you excited about expanding DACA?
* the opportunity to line the pockets of the rich at the expense of the lower classes

#FixedItForYou #StopLying #TaxReform
And while this Deplorable GOP is at it, let's kill our citizens by taking their healthcare away. Shall we call the GOP the Grim Reapers?
I hope it better than what the GOP is proposing.
Seriously dude...thanks for nothing. You are a clueless hack.
The best way to help small businesses would be to provide universal healthcare. Employee healthcare is a huge cost for them.
Nope. No tax breaks for the rich & let us see trumps tax returns
Hey #BotPortman, your constituents dont want stupid videos featuring every pic you've tweeted this year.
WE WANT AN EFFING #REALTOWNHALLNOW.
Constantly posting your support for a bill that hurts most Americans and benefits only the rich is not convincing anyone. We are not stupid!
if it was really for American workers, it would pass quickly and bipartisan. U want to give the rich more money
Yes the rich are excited about your tax cuts. SenPortman: we have learned that the NRA paid you $3MILLION dollars from weapons sales! #LV$
Sorry, not buying it, senator
Cuts to Medicaid and Medicare should NOT be part of the plan! It will devastate the most vulnerable in this country! #savemedicaid

Check out http://trumptaxscam.org  for explainers & call scripts that can help YOU stop the #TrumpTaxScam! 
Good intention, but Rob only cares about the Koch Brothers. Since he doesn't care about constiuents none of this will help.
This excites you? You are out of touch with your constituents, Rob. Stop being Trump's lap dog.
Rob doesn’t represent anyone who isn’t rich and doesn’t donate big $$ to his campaign. Pay to Play Rob!!
Interested in some florida swampland?
What a joke! From what's been put out my tax goes up and I am retired. Ur optimism is ill founded. Look again and represent US for a change
You've tried this before & it failed. 
What's the definition of insanity?
You can call it whatever you want. We know it's a  #KochTaxCut
@senrobportman always excited about screwing his constituency... tried to take away our healthcare & now increase taxes on the middle class
we dont want you to give the rich evan more tax cuts in hopes of trickle down bull shit.. give the poor more to spend & create jobs
This would likely kill my family members with disabilities.  Shame on you!
Can you explain how the trump-ryan tax cuts will help low income Ohioans?  
Time for town hall meetings. 
Time to put people over party.
I, too, fear that it will pass.
I think you meant to say that you are excited about giving more money to rich people and corporations and taking it from the middle class.
Can you PLEASE comment on the impact on the debt?  Tax policy center says $7.2 TRILLION!
Why are you so excited about hurting us? What reward are your donors giving you for this?
Tax cuts for the rich do not help American workers and families
I think American workers and families deserve to see Trump's tax returns.
You’re optimistic that congress can rape the American workers for all their hard earned money to redistribute it to rich people who didn’t?
It cuts into Medicare  that makes it wrong.
I'll bet you are, you get to reward all your big donors.
Your optimism is false.  I can read the desperation in your tone. Not like the old days, Rob! @POTUS  ruined it for you! We are more engaged
One day u will have to stand in front of your maker and answer to having power to help and choosing not to.
Sen. Portman, where are @realDonaldTrump's tax returns??? You cannot pass any sort of tax reform without them, as any plan will benefit him.
what tax reform fore the middle class are you talking about ??????????? the propese 'reform ' by the GOP had NO NET result for middle class
Another arrogant white guy who's days are seriously numbed. Coward!!!

@gop bosses are still pulling your strings, huh?
Not 1 independent review of your plan helps the 99%
Yeah, we're screwed for sure!
Tax cuts for millionaires is not what we need.  Don’t hurt the #middleclass to help yourselves
The current plan sucks. Work harder
Yeah man! Don't listen to the stupid fucking libs
Let's hope.
TOWN HALL NOW! Stop legislating without representing us. Why do you disrespect your constituents so much? TOWN HALL NOW!
& especially the richest of the rich!
Dont forget Ohio this time please.
Once again.....you're not listening to your constituants if you're excited about tax cuts to wealthy 1%.
You are doing this for your big donors and to get more of that sweet Koch money. You don't care about the middle class.
Are we seeing the same plans?
How about women's healthcare? Any priority at all? What if they're rich women, do they count more?
Women don't count at all.
But what is the “reform” in here? How are tax cuts for millionaires “reform”?
The proposed tax reform is not about jobs or helping middle class as much as it provides a BIG tax cut for wealthy. You know this to be true
Haven’t been able to get anything else done except fuck over America they won’t get this done because we know what’s your doing
No amount of tweets from you will make us believe the lies.
How?
I'm excited about not voting for you in next election.
While MULTIMILLIONAIRE @senrobportman's BILLIONAIRE BENEFACTORS get TRILLIONS, WORKING AMERICANS GET ROBBED!!!

#ConManRob
Do you actually believe the nonsense you tweet?
As long as you those American workers make millions of dollars a year you mean
Wow, in spite of people who know that trickle down doesn't work, you still believe that BS! You have forgotten who you work for.
Your plan to finance you tax breaks for the wealthy on the cuts to Medicare Medicaid and Social Security will be your party’s end
But what's the reform? Who pays more? Less? What about natl debt?
Please don’t make huge tax cuts for the wealthy. Save Medicare and Medicaid. For your people.
This plan is a stinking pile of manure for everyone except the rich
STOP TAKING MONEY FROM THE NRA!
The only thing that can stop us senator, are the obstructionist in Congress. Start supporting President Trump, Senator Portman
Historically, corporations won't create jobs. They stockpile cash & distribute the rest to C-Suite executives. Irresponsible endorsement.
Cutting corporate tax 4 companies posting billions in profit won't create jobs, risks bond defaults,  interest rates. Reckless #TaxReform
Rob Portman currently running for most hated and useless person in ohio.  HE'S IN 1ST PLACE!

Congrats rob.
You're excited to rawhide taxes on the middle-class??
don't listen to those who are graduates of the post Reagan era, they were never taught basic math nor general business. 
Thank you @senrobportman for staying focused on the NEEDS of our great state #Ohio #MakeOhioGreatAgain #TaxReform #Jobs #MAGA
sick and tired of hearing Democrats put down hard working Americans and denying us what's rightfully ours we earned it,our $$
You mean American corporations and the super wealthy.
As a working American and a vet I don't mind a corporate tax cut or wealthy tax cuts, all who pay into system earned a cut.
The rest of us do, because our taxes will be raised to offset this.
I know you love the illusion of Reagan but you have to deny the fact that trickle down economics doesn’t work #standuptotrump
#boughtandpaid4
I really hope so senator, you and your colleagues really let me and my family n friends down on repealing obuma care. 
Rob only cares abt u if you're a human trafficking victim/opioid addict, & even they r only props as his support of cutting Medicaid proves.
He doesn't care about them either or he wouldn't trumpet this plan, which will make it harder to get rehab, etc.
Rob seriously just stop.  @GOP tax bill will NOT create jobs.  It is a tax cut for the 1% paid for by cutting Medicare/Medicaid.
Without robbing Medicaid and other health care programs?
WE WANT TO SEE TRUMPS TAXES BEFORE HE DECIDES ON OURS!!!!  IS THAT SO DIFFICULT FOR YOU TO GRASP???
Selling out Ohio gee thanks
I'm sick of trying to talk you.  You couldn't give a rat's ass about us.  Stop tweeting, you just remind me of what a mistake you are.
Please vote no on the bill the house just passed. What happened to helping the middle class?
This is trickle down & proven it doesn’t work. Tax the rich & big biz more. Close loopholes. Cut middle & lower income taxes.
We know you're gonna screw us with pants on. Do you realize it's gonna cost you your job?
Get it right! Tax reform is for businesses &1% at the expense of American workers & families. BTW is that the only video you have?
I’m not excited about “TaxReform” which takes Medicare/Medicaid help away from millions of Americans and gives it to the 1% in a tax break.
So far it looks like it's being done for the super rich and for corporations. SAD!!!
We’re not buying what you’re selling.  You think you can disguise your gift to your donors with voodoo “trickle down”...
Vote NO! This is NOT tax reform. It is just another way to take HC away inc taxes & give $ to rich.
Has there been a single statement from a non-donor, non-biz-owner Ohioan about how they see your bill helping them?  Or just #RoyMoore?
I'm excited to vote you out of office and have a person with ethics representing Ohio
Really?
Destroy Medicaid/care. 30 years at my job as health care worker. starved on meger sal to retire on broken  feet, back..GOP is the devil
Money.  That's the only issue #Republicans ever seem to care about. #Christian #Catholic #ohio
Once again, this is just trickle down your leg economics and we all know how well that didn't work.
You can get tax reform done for the wealthy, for sure. Not sure about the rest of us. No deductions for state/local taxes? Really?
You're a scammer too. Like Trump.
The only thing your doing to the working family is making it harder for them to get by.... The plan is for the Rich... But not the rest

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Rob, you're not fooling us.  This is a tax break for the rich, and will gut medicaid.  Why not focus on your incompetent dangerous POTUS!
I'm not. My taxes will, in all likelihood, go up under Trump's plan #thanksfornothing
Good joke
You're excited to hurt the middle-class. We're excited to vote you out of office. #TaxReform
@GrandmasWeb  @chrislhayes@@SenatorCollins 
REPEAL the tax rate cuts of the highest incomes and REPLACE THEM TO THE 70% OF 1981
NO TRICKLE!!
I’m sure can, but you haven’t proposed anything close yet. Please call back when you’re seriously on our side.
The opportunity is for the rich, who will be reaping the benefits. Nothing will be done for workers, families or jobs, liar.
You’re excited 2 gut programs that serve #Ohio’s vulnerable (the #elderly & the #poor) while you get rich? You’re a disgrace.
TAX CUTS TO WEALTHY RAISE THE DEFICIT!
TAX RAISES TO WEALTHY LOWERS THE DEFICIT!
REPEAL THE TAX CUTS(from 70% to 28%) during 70's & 80's.
Hey, Koch puppet, removal of state and local deductions are a non-starter. You are predator.
Not me I am not a corporation or donor so I am screwed
The idea that giving the rich more money creates jobs is a lie @GOP has been telling for 40 years. Just admit you want tax breaks for Kochs

It's pretty disgusting that you're excited about ripping off middle class Americans.....because truly, that is what your tax reform will do
Don't lie Rob. It's for your donors and no one else.
17 minutes after a tweet and you have 4 likes.  How big is your staff? And brothers and Sister? Shouldn’t you have like 100 first couple minutes. #totalloser
How is this good for middle class families? I am middle class and have a large family and my taxes will go up.  I want to know?
Or - "As one of the wealthiest US senators, Im excited to funnel more cash into my pockets at your expense."
You're excited to line your pockets.
I'm more excited at all the Ohioans that loathe you and every stupid tweet you put out that isn't on WTF is really going on...THE WAR ON WOMEN BY YOU, @GOP AND #TreasonousTrump
Yeah, it'll make supporting a criminal President worth it, right?
Oh snap!
#TaxReform should be about lowering taxes for ordinary Americans, not the uber rich with some pipe dream promise of jobs. Do YOUR job!
#TaxReform should mean everyone pays their fair share. The rich, poor, and middle class.
I agree with lowering taxes on the middle class and poor. However we should cut the corporate tax, but raise the taxes on the wealthy.
Calling a tax cut for corporations and the rich, “reform,” is not the same thing as tax reform.
Like continually beating the "reform" drum will convince anybody.

It's not tax reform. It's a tax cut to the wealthiest Americans. You know this. You are lying to your constituents.
You’re excited to give tax breaks to corporations and the top 1% on the backs of working Americans?  You sir are a fraud.
Liar- all you want is to line pockets of the wealthy!
You're the worst, #BotPortman.
How can you pretend nothing is wrong?
How can u pretend what's going on is normal?
#whatswrongwithyou
#wakeup
And by “American workers and families” you mean “the top-earning 5% in the country,” because you’re making things worse for everyone else
I'm optimistic you will be voted out of office next election
