Stop listening to the people that DIDN'T vote for you and listen to the ones that did!!! SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT And REPEAL AND REPLACE OB!!
Just because it isn't Obamas, doesn't mean it would be good. Only for the wealthy or very poor. They need a better one. Don't settle
You want to rip insurance away from thousands of Ohioans. You want to defund opioid treatment programs. You want to slash Medicaid.
I thought there was an increase of $ towards opiate treatment?
Nope:
im going to have to read the proposed bill again when I get a chance, but thanks for info
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
@senrobportman Lower costs are great. But you know that the current legislation does not Do that. U will regret that vote. #KeepKidsCovered
The only way to lower costs is universal coverage. Anything else is just a tax break for the rich via murder
That's a bold-faced lie. Why don't you or your staff answer your phones? Why no town halls? Are you afraid of your constituents?!
Well, if you and the @GOP ever have an ACTUAL BETTER system, I'll be interested in hearing about it
No, sir, you aren't working for #Ohio families. Fix #Obamacare
We need to work in a bipartisan way using regular order to repair and reform the ACA
Stop being a political bigot. Work with the Democrats.
OBUMMERCARE is KILLING the middle class! PERIOD!! That was the PLAN All along!!!# MAGA
Are you wealthy/homeless? Those are the two that would benefit. They can fix this with a better one. until then, why vote for just anything
Tired of your paid for propaganda speeches! Take your So called 7 followers and BS someone else!!
You aren't working for Ohio families.  Party before people should be your motto
I disagree. I got care & coverage thanks to it. You're not listening to your constituents. #ACA
Vote Repeal Obamacare
What did you like about this new repeal and replace bill? Please, indulge me. Just that it wasn't Obamas? Not good enough.
One of the reasons that I voted for Trump and you was to GET RID OF OBAMACARE!
So, instead you helped put a maniac in charge?
I would like your health insurance.  Give every American the same insurance you have and you can solve the healthcare crisis
AND.....so would we. Great point! Let's see how that goes down!
Insurance is a for profit industry. What for profit industry lowers their costs?
Tool.
You voted for total repeal (and ran on it) when it was safe to do so. 
Today, you voted with the Dems. 
Was Medicaid dif then?
Politician!
Senator, quit lying. Also, quit voting for bills that make things even worse (as you did last night).

Not sure why @senrobportman feels the continual need to betray Ohioans.
Then you should have repealed it! I know your concerns,  but you know they could have been addressed in another way.
Add a public option.  Monitor the results...insurance companies need competition.
That's a pretty sweeping statement. I was finally ABLE to get affordable insur under #ACA & I'm an Ohioan! Plz don't rip care away from us!
7 years Rob 7 years and you have not presented 1 "more workable" item that your benefactors would approve Perhaps you could work for us now
Your vote yesterday was disastrous. I voted for you. I won't make that same mistake again
But instead you're voting to murder thousands of disabled people
Keep looking for you photo in the list of brace, American-protecting senators voting NO on healthcare fiasco.#disappointedrob
Find something that works. We need a truly affordable care act. Give it back to the states, competition, not mandated, same care you get.
As a new resident of Ohio, let me just say thank you for fucking me over and making me realize this state is shit.
Again... I see you're supporting single-payer!  that's good.. Medicare for all! I will happily pay extra so all citizens are covered!!
Then why didn't Republicans DO THE WORK to craft a workable plan in the 7 years you've had?
We all see your incompetence

SEVEN YEARS!
Disappointed.  ACA did much to strengthen Ohians mental health. Essential benefits, pre-existing conditions, and Medicaid. We are watching
The voice mail is full at your office
Seems like you're less concerned about Ohio families and more about all those health industry donors who bought you out with campaign money.
I'll be calling your office shortly.  Answer your phone. Also stop the cowardice and hold a town hall
Actually, yes it is
stop rationalizing it's a plain bold faced lie
Lower costs sure but dont cut off 20 million people!
They got to you, didn't they Rob?
You AREN'T working for Ohio families! You are a Republican party puppet who doesn't care about who you are supposed to be representing!
Lowers costs for your constituents or for the special interest groups and corporations lining your pocket?  #VoteNoTrumpcare
ROB PORTMAN IS NOT WORKING FOR OHIO FAMILIES.  #votehimout
All Americans deserve quality healthcare. Senator, how about you vote on healthcare that reflects what you have?
Coward. Coward. Coward. You betrayed those very families today. By all means make something better, but have that BEFORE you take ours away.
I didn't agree with you before but at least I had some respect for you. That's gone. You serve your party, are supposed to serve Ohioans.
Obamacare is so much better than your shit bill...ask AMA, AHA and any other professional organization. You are a political hack.
I hope you or your staff read through these comments. You are supposed to represent us. This is an embarrassment for you and for us.
Baaa...baaa...another party line sheep joining the call even when he must know it is not true.
So what is your plan for a workable system?
Which we have no idea how to devise or we would have done it years ago.
I know you are reasonable. Repeal isn't the solution - it is a set back. Push to implement legit fixes - open state borders, tort reform...
OMG will you please stop the rhetoric on ACA not working in Ohio!  Other states make it work!  Just a way for you to justify your vote!
Will you push an amendment to allow negotiating prescription pricing?  That would have a major impact cost
It would work but retard trump group and you undermining just so wealthy can get their tax cuts. Ashamed to call you my Senator
Really? Sounds a lot better than something that doesn’t cover preexisting conditions, has a cap, allows you to be dropped Fix ACA no repeal
It is nice that my family has affordable access to quality insurance. Please don't take it away
7 yrs of planning and you got nothing???? What gives with that kind of action?
Then why did you vote for this miserable, miserly, cruel bill, Senator? Have you no shame at all?
Lower costs are a result of incomplete coverage & disadvantaged Ohioans losing their lives. Vote for our interests or we will vote you out.
What about newly released inmates that need healthcare as well?
Where's the studies? Medicaid expansion is a life raft to people that have to chose between paying rent, food, & medicine
So you voted for something worse????
I'm a Ohio Resident that is not voting for you
So fix the ACA. The GOP bills are abominations. Tax breaks for the rich. Screw that.
Drinking Ohio whiskey, retweeting pissed off Ohioans. How's your night going, Rob?
So far all we've seen is lower coverage to reduce premiums. That's not acceptable. You need to work w/Dems to improve the ACA!
Ohioans will remember the fact that you choose party over them. Your vote will make many suffer. We expected you to stand up for us.
Everyone loses but u and your 1% donors. I feel anguish for my OH brothers and sisters who u have disregarded for political gain/greed.
Voting against Ohioans wishes will not get you re-elected, you have failed us.  President Trump is insane & you chose him over constituents
Who provides health care to the girls advertised on Backpage? Make your rhetoric on other issues and ACA match.
Republicans don't have a better idea. You've had 7 years. You have nothing. Shame on you Senator Portman for voting yes to proceed. Shame.
ACA worked better than previous until torpedoed by Rs & RT. Repeal is step backwards. We live it every day
How does this lower the cost of healthcare.  You are just taking away access to coverage.  Shame on you
If you have real courage, you could propose the system that will work: single payer.
Then support a bill that actually does that. The math isn't there, man.
ACA works for this woman who worked her butt off for 40 years and became disabled. Do you think I enjoy not having my job?  Blood on ur hand
Enjoy the Senate while it lasts. You're in your last term. Hope you enjoy the 22 million deaths. Blood money for your financial gain.
Will you and other members of the Senate be participating in this "more workable system" or will we still pay for your superior health plan?
So work with Democrats to fix it.
A better system must include the concept that healthcare for all is essential. The cost of the care is the problem. Regulate big pharma!
Single payer. Time for the U.S. to join the rest of the world. Of course, there's the insurance lobby that pays congress..
#doyourjob #ohio
work with the dems and fix it. duh
When there’s 15 million more uninsured, is that a cost You’re will to accept?
I bet that workable system includes massive tax cuts for the wealthy!
You will wear this for the rest of your life.
Say whatever, you proved today that you don't care about the old, the sick or the poor. You only care about your party and it's awful @POTUS
This is a lie. My sister is a cancer survivor and in-home health care provider to the elderly. Both she & they depend on Obamacare. Shame!
Well it certainly isn't the GOP health care
So the best idea would be to take all healthcare away. Heaven forbid we try fix what we have. You Mr. Portman are a fraud. You love $ not OH
Sen. Portman: believe the hype from Trump or believe the many OH voters who show up at Town Halls to preserve their healthcare. Your choice.
Obamacare or the ACA is working for Ohio families.
#SinglePayer covers everyone for less. @SPANOhio and @PNHP can help you since you seem to need knowledgeable advice on this issue
Shut up and provide a viable solution, Senator! Spank the drug companies, allow real insurance competition, and MEDICAID for all! #SaveACA
ACA needs fixing. You've done NOTHING to that end.
You are not working for Ohio.  Let's vote you out.
@senrobportman, yet you can’t name the cause of OCare’s failure. You’re clueless, and you don’t seem to care. #FixObamacare, don’t trash it.
Sooo then why are you keeping it? Keep drinking the trump kool aid and when the time comes we will vote you out. #portmanout2020
We need government out of our health system. Whenever government thinks they can run something they make it higher cost and less access
Liar. This bill does nothing to advance healthcare for anybody.
You are making a fool of yourself none of the bills under consideration lower costs or increase access to healthcare and you know it
That's her is highly debatable. Highly. Especially since the federal government is undermining the ACA. And you know it.
Liar
Then fix it. Don't leave Ohioans behind.
You can just change the name to trumpcare and repair problems & Trump will love it, he wants Obama erased & doesn't care what it provides.
YOU don't work for Ohio families. #cantwaittillyoureoutofajob
What is your feelings about Cleveland Clinic and Medicaid?
Actually, that isnt true.  It needs improved not repealed.  Partisan politics.  #ACA
You're not working for Ohio families...but that can be cured next voting
You keep saying that, but I haven't found the people you are hearing from. Is there any way to get this news out? Otherwise just opinion.
You sir are absolutely wrong!
you aren't working for #Ohio
Nothing in any of the GOP proposals will make the system more workable. They all just cut coverage and support for the poor. They will...
all make healthcare more expensive and offer less coverage. You should have worked on a bipartisan plan that would do what you claim to want
I hope you know your chances of reelection are zero. #careerchange
Just remember that "nothing" doesn't cut it as such a system.
Congress should never exempt itself from any law it passes
Get hot. Do it!
Your feigned conflict is transparent and weak.
Do you even know any Ohio families? You couldn't be more wrong
a States rights,  Freedom based system is the only way. Washington cant fix it. Just let those that can CAN!
Lower the costs by cutting it out entirely?  Of course.  Party and donors over constituents and Americans. #POS
Pls:U need2 listen 2people on front lines of #healthcare, not @realDonaldTrump, like insurers patients and docs in ur state! We r living it!
You aren't working as a representative for Ohioans. We will remember your wanton disregard for your constituents in 2022.
#Obamacare WAS working& lowered sig the rate of rise of #healthcare costs #fact -the problems now mostly from changes made to MAKE it fail!
And the AHCA and BCRA are better????
No way in hell.
It's called the ACA.
Getting rid of the mandates will make costs SKYROCKET. If you think they're bad now, don't you dare vote to get rid of mandates/penalties.
My health care coverage improved under Obamacare - I live in Ohio and it is working for me!
You will regret what you have done. Party over country, sad!
Obamacare has been working for me!!!!!
You have limited or flawed data saying O'care is not working for Ohioans. You know what's not working for Ohioans? YOU!
This is despicable!  You should be ashamed Senator Portman.
I don't believe you.  Working in secret without bipartisan support is dangerous to the health of millions & our country. You are failing us.
The biggest hurdles facing #ACA is GOP sabotage, paid for with my tax $. How bout doing something about that?
Shame on you !  Your vote today is not helping Ohioans!
Nothing about Rep plan lowers costs w/out gutting coverage. Your state being ravaged by opioids, economic strife & u vote to kick them more.
Portman = Coward! Put people before your party, that's who put you there and gonna take you out. Unemployed 2018!
You. Are. Done.
Explain how this is so when @GovernorKasich says it is working for us?

It's working fine for me. Yearly out of pocket caps, no lifetime limit, daughter on plan, no exclusion for preexisting condition.
Strike 2
Whatever helps you sleep at night.
#RepealAndReplace  #Obamacare
Well maybe they should come up with one! Because what they are doing right now is criminal. Trump is bullying you all.
Yes, we do!!!
You're a liar. It is working. It has saved millions of lives. And, btw, it's called the AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. Obamacare doesn't fucking exist
Then fix it! Dismantling will cost billions. Some fiscal conservative you are. I'm a constituent and voted for you in past. NEVER AGAIN.
That isn't what @JohnKasich says.  He knows what the people of Ohio want and need.
#ShameOnYou #JackAss
Are you being serious?
So improve it. Don't replace it. I suggest all congress be on the ACA or trumpcare
nonsense
Hope you have a backup career.
I haven't seen one Republican plan that does that. Why don't you work with Democrats or submit your own plan?
U don't care about healthcare,opioid epidemic,people w/preexisting conditions, people w/disabilities,seniors:actions speak louder than words
Brave men and women would choose to fix the problem, not just kill it. You better have answers that help, not harm #45701
How about you and your buddies use the same plan that you are drafting for your constituents? Thanks from a single mom and teacher #45213
It is much better than NO healthcare and it IS working for thousands. What Ohioans are you listening to?  I can never get through to you!
What was the agreement to sell out so easily?
Vote no for PORTMAN AND DAVIDSON..they do not care about the Ohio people!!!
Can't we recall vote here in Ohio?  I don't want to wait for 5 more years to throw you out of office.
Lies!!!!!! 2018 will be a Democratic sweep. I will knock on every door in Ohio to make sure.
it worked great for me! Guess I don't count,
Better healthcare at a lower cost. How many will lose insurance Senator....32 million!
well when you clowns pass a halfass healtcare bill . will help demacrat take back house and senate a pass single payer
Why dont you ask a health economist? How much money did you get to vote yes on the debate
So how many #buckeyes will lose their coverage under #trumpcare
Repub-LIE-CON
You're their poster boy. If you cared about health of people in Ohio, you'd work with Dems to make needed improvements to ACA.

You aren't working on a solution! You are too busy running over Ohioans and taking away their healthcare!

