Your lying  (again ) !
please s
please see POTUS has no idea what he is talking about.
Do your job!! Help Puerto Rico!  Do something about Trump! He's destroying the country! Repubs complicit! #IMPEACHMENTNOW  #treasonweasel
If I'm not going to help Ohioans, I'm certainly not going to help Puerto Ricans. I am a coward.
There's only benefits for the very rich in Ohio; you know, like Senators.
Wealthy, not middle class, would be big winners in GOP tax plan, study says http://politi.co/2yxylvZ  via @politico
Rob, please learn mathematics, literally every analysis shows the Trump tax reforms hurt the working poor and middle class.
Ohioan here. Tax plan is a nightmare for our state.
You are SO out of touch with reality. It's disturbing.
Good one!
You mean tax relief to the wealthy, don't you?
VOTE NO on TAX REFORM
Of course you're pleased, because you'll get a tax break and we'll pay for it.
Are you pleased to see Trump attacking Puerto Rico calling them lazy .
Yes! I am. I'm pleased about everything @POTUS does. I certainly wouldn't criticize him. I am a coward.
Hahahaha!
Please don't laugh it me. It makes me feel small and weak.

I am a coward.
He is going after money to put in his pocket..not to help anyone else. Shame on you for supporting him!
You are dreaming if you think he has good intentions
Your party has no credibility on this topic until Trump releases his tax returns and stops wasting $ flying AF-1 every weekend to play golf.
You made a mistake - you’re doing this for big corporations not the citizens of Ohio
benefits...yes for us rich people , luckily NO benefits for the working serfs
Yeah, I bet you do and he does. More money for you and him, not us
Rob you did good with your NO vote on Trumpcare. Why do my taxes go up 2% or more when POTUS makes millions on the take away of AMT?
Rubbish. Quit kissing up to the Toddler in chief and do what is really best for the majority of Ohioans. #Resist
Don’t cut Medicaid and Medicare to give money to the rich, that is just WRONG!
thank goodness,  especially for the Portman kids right ? certainly not most people's children #$51000man
Pleased that the rich will get tax breaks??  Vote no!!!
Are you ferfuckin' real?  I just can't stand any of you anymore.
We need reform but THIS BILL hurts #Ohio. Tell the truth, Don't sell out. This is a gift to billionaires. Businesses don't pay estate taxes
No criticism of your president? You approve of his behavior, or will you be deeply concerned?
Deeply concerned is as courageous as I get, and that's still a stretch. I am a coward.
Oh, I thought you meant DISGUSTING benefits of #TaxReform 

What about blowing giant ass hole in the federal deficit?
Are you really this ignorant?
Isn't it crazy how out of touch with reality some of these people are?
Must of missed that during the cacophony of tweets attacking the US citizens of hurricane ravaged PR.  You’re tacit endorsement is shameful.
Right on!
It’s not going to happen! You will not gut Medicare ! In Ohio we know what your intention is-we want town hall in Cincinnati you owe us one!
Portman is a coward.
Agreed!
How does eliminating the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) create #Jobs? Are people staying alive to avoid the estate tax you plan on cutting?
Whoever is handling @senrobportman twitter account should be fired immediately. You could've found a better way to sell us on you abilities.
Don't forget the 1%.  They want, and will get the most.
How is it going to help us?
People are DYING and starving in PR but let's talk taxes that screw everyone that isn't rich. Is this the GOP's "let them eat cake" moment?
I feel sorry for Ohioans that you want to completely screw over, and for the rest of us Americans who are just fed up with your GOP insanity
Portman absolutely sucks. He is such a cowardly yes-man.
Good God, Portman. What is wrong with you? It's beyond issues now. Look at the man you stand with.
This doesn't include gutting Medicaid and other healthcare benefits to the american people, does it?  I sure hope not.  Thank you
#Fool
Why do people in the lower tax brackets pay MORE while those at top pay less?
This is what you choose to say today?While @POTUS embarrasses himself & us again by showing his lack of class and intelligence to the world?
Hopefully not just the rich Ohioans?
Exactly how many Ohio families are in the 1%?
What is wrong with you?
Now you're just trolling ...
"If I could have did something different, I would’ve said something. But that’s what evil depends on, good people to be quiet." W.L.Weaver
He is quiet. I don't think he is good, though.
I'm whatever self-preservation demands. Quiet when I need to be; vocal when I need to be; good is sometimes good politics. I am a coward.
Seriously? That's what you've got for us in the midst of a humanitarian crisis? He grinds away at his organ & you dance your little dance?
I do not thank you for "grids away at his organ," but yes.
Look up "organ grinder" and no, it doesn't have to do with private parts.
Yes, I know, but if you can stray from the literal for just a sec...
Kinda hard to do when the original intention is fairly obvious. It's a well-known phrase.
Well, yeah. But I don't think it's worth an argument. I just liked the imagery. That @senrobportman is a real piece of work. #UnfitToServe
What % of Ohio families stand to benefit? What % will ultimately be harmed from cuts to social programs when 1% gets huge tax cuts?
GOP BLOODBATH in 2018, the baseball practice incident will seem like a walk in the park. But you have your KOCH sucking up millions stashed.
Really? Ya, not so much for most ohioans.
Spoiler..you wont get this done.
Tax breaks for the rich won't help my family. Neither will corporate tax cuts. They pay too little as it is. Know your constituents.
Senator - do you have even one idea, that doesn't reflexively toe the party line?
While I understand the reasoning behind longer Senate terms, I'm already counting down the days until you're voted out of office .
Tax reform that benefits rich people like U? Based on trickle down - have you seen Kansas? We need a Senator who will work for Ohio.
This "tax reform" doesn't help anyone except those who are already rich. And this @POTUS is letting Americans suffer while he golfs. NO!
Children w/o health care, humanitarian crisis, DACA protection needed.Where is their relief? All while 45 insanely tweets garbage to divide.
Get with it @senrobportman!  Your constituents disagree and you represent us. I want to see his tax returns before any tax reform talks.
While hurting middleclass by higher txs if u itemize cutting SS&Medicare to control higher deficit PLEASE TELL THE TRUTH!!!
Seriously? Tax reform for the wealthiest???
What relief? 10% to 12% for poor? Lose mortgage deduction to help pay for Trump to save biillions? #trickledowndoesn't work
We should have heard that you was not for the latest heath care bill!!! We heard nothing from you on this issue!!!!
After total Failure by .@GOPSenate to repeal #Obamacare and to pass any of @POTUS Agenda? Not likely!
Tax reform does not equal tax cut.  How are you and your fellow republicans going to pay for this get-the-rich-richer scheme?
You could learn a lot, Senator, from your fellow Senators Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders.
You are simply a "yes" man for Trump.  What happened to your conscience? He has no morals and we are learning that you don't either. Sad.
So these reforms benefit Trump and the wealthy 1%. That makes you happy? Not most of Ohioans. Cuts essential programs. Shameful.
That's not true, they benefit the richest 2%. Trump,  Portman & Congress may consider the lower 1% of the richest 2% the poor & middle class
Are you kidding. All he has time for is golf and insulting our PR citizens.
He's the worst and you have no spine.
#TaxReform would be great and would help. This sorry #KochTaxCut you're proposing will only help the ultra-rich
You're just going to help him move these deck chairs,  eh?  Noted.  Next election will surprise you.
Any comments on YOUR president's spiteful and inappropriate comments re: the mayor of PR? Or will you continue to be #SilentRob?
You are a liar!  This is only for millionaires and billionaires.  WTF is the matter with you?  We are going to vote you out!
Do not vote yes on this bill, it does NOT help the middle class

I hope you are planning to retire.  We are tired of you.
Don't you mean relief to your rich donors ?????
Jackpot to the top 1% really the top .1 percent.  $100 for the poorest.  This plan is bs and you know it!
REALLT? You're going with tax reform and not Puerto Rico right now?
Great job voting against the interests of the people of Ohio on healthcare. Twice. Try to not fuck up again with the money>humanity bullshit
Be a human & stand up for Puerto Rico.
When you have a plan that has the poor pay for the tax cuts of the rich, it definitely isn't relief for Ohio families.
Thank you for more frequently praising Trump, clearly tearing away any remaining shreds of respect your constituents may have had for you.
Oh, for fuck sake. His colossal ineptitude is tearing the country apart, but it's all OK because tax cuts? You're a joke.
If the actions of the @POTUS today are not enough to validate the #25thamendment why was it written.
Thrilled the policy of the WH and Gary  Cohn is making a $1000.00kitchen remodel or new car part of tax plan to the aid to the middle class!  When will we get our "remodeled kitchen" or "new car" vouchers?
OMG
While people in Puerto Rico die.
When has he talked about #tax reform? All I've heard about is how lazy Puerto Rican's expect the government to help them out with #hurricane relief
Seriously.. stand up for what's right. You support a president that is evil.
$1000 maybe? Not much of a tax break! Especially considering what high earners and corporations will gain!
There's the Portman we all know. Disregarding his constituency and sucking up to his party leaders and lobbyists.
You've lost your way Sen. The only discussion about POTUS should be getting him out.The tax plan is regurgitated crap. Been there done that.
Well he, and your party who controls the national government, should be talking how we can help Puerto Rico you pansy.
Nope it isn't going to work. All reports say the proposal only benefits the rich. Also no one trust Trump or you.
Taxes your tweet of choice today?  Your silence regarding the Puerto Rico  tweets = agreement & complicit!
He’s discussing anything BUT #taxreform right now on twitter... maybe because it’s a losing battle too?
It would be nice if the senate did something that republicans campaigned on
So far not so good. Stop enabling the top 1% incomes. We are all paying better attention. Weary of lies
Perhaps you could tell @POTUS to get off the golf course and work? He criticized @BarackObama  for golfing. Said HE would be too busy! Liar.
All 6 Ohio billionaires (& their families) will thank you for helping them. The rest of Ohio families will get screwed. Who are you serving?
I'm not
You need to be declared incompetent as well as your fearless leader. Puerto Rico!
Do you believe the potus? Do you believe the b.s. that spews from your own mouth? Just an fyi, we don't.
You are out of your mind if you think the American people want to give Trump and his billionaire friends a tax cut.
Are you serious?
@senrobportman Ohio doesn't want @realDonaldTrump tax reform. It benefits the rich and does nothing for the middle class.
The benefits of tax reform? Current proposal benefits Trump and the wealthy; Cohen says can’t guarantee the middle class a tax break.
Please work on behalf of all your constituents. Not just the ones of us that have $5.5+ million to actually care about the estate tax.
Why in the hell are you pleased with anything @potus does? He is a senile lunatic.
maybe it will be good for you and we know it will save POTUS $4 bill yes that's billion $ but relief to working families you are lying
ok please quit calling it tax reform even POTUS has given that up it's tax cuts for the very wealthy so quit pretending no one is buying it
Sad Republican bullshit. "Pleased" white supremacy still most dominant American value.
If you want tax reform, get Trump's tax returns.
A. S. S. H. O. L. E.
*both you and Trump.
Instead of watching him pander I looked into the proposal to discover it helps his business and the rich #shocker . U should both resign
Yes, rich kids can finally get their millions of inheritance without paying taxes. Whewww!
You're kidding right? Or are you really that oblivious to his horridness?
Shame on @GOP incompetent racist corrupt treasonous lying putin puppets must go- blood on your hands complicit #nullify2016
Are you please that potus is attacking the people of Puerto Rico or will you ignore this as well?
You mean to make the rich richer...you aren’t trying to help the people of Ohio at all
Jobs will not be born of Trickle Down.
Dear Rob, please read this!
Ru equally pleased to see him fighting with the mayor of a city under water from a natural disaster? Oh, yeah, screw poor people. I forgot.
#TaxReform is all about wealthy tax cuts - absolutely no relief for middleclass families.

#PuertoRicoRelief actions are also grotesque.
How stupid do you think we are? This plan is a windfall for the wealthy everyone else gets some loose change.
How will we get benefits if you have to be a millionaire to get a tax break? Rediculous!!
This will hurt, not help, most Ohioans, @senrobportman. Please vote no.
You pathetic lapdog. PEOPLE ARE DYING IN PR WHILE HE SITS AT HIS GOLF COURSE AND YOU'RE PRAISING HIM FOR TAX REFORM? WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU??
Except the tax plan is stupid. How much of a tax break do the richest Americans really need?
Are we going to see another Republican plan that helps the extremely wealthy, & be expected to believe it'll somehow make jobs for the poor?
#tonedeaf
It'd be a reeeeal shame if this clown got replaced come reelection
Who is your President? #45 is slamming leadership in PR.
yep, every one that makes over $1mil per yr
Maybe he should be more focused on providing relief to Puerto Rican families?
Corporate tax cuts don't help workers.
Who the hell cares about #TaxReform when we have a crisi in Puerto Rico.  All you guys do is lie, there are no benefits.  Kissing 45's ass!
You mean #POTUS discussing HIS benefits of #TaxReform.

I didn't go to OH schools - it's called a possessive pronoun.

Not f_cking stupid
Please listen carefully to the analysis and feedback. I doubt it will change my tax one bit. #retiredand suvivinginOhio
Don't you mean the top 1% of Ohio families?
Rich families don't need relief!
My favorite thing about your Twitter is your reliable attack against Rob Portman
Your tap dancing to divert attention from 45 who is ignoring PR to golf is not appreciated. What will it take for you to call him on his BS?
Well at least your happy your rich friends get to keep more of their $ while children die of thirst in PR. Glad your pleased.
I though #BLOTUS said no tax cuts for the rich...and the plan raised on upper middle class. It cuts corporate tax to 0% on foreign rev. Wtf?
Portman for Trump; I'm against Portman.  I'll send you love on Election Day when I vote against you.
Voodoo!
Accomplice.
79% of tax savings is to Top 1%. I don't need a crummy 1000 . I need good schools and health care. No!
I’m so concerned for Puerto Rican’s on the island right now. Can we help them first before the tax reform campaigning?
You prop up this man who sees himself as a victim as he sits at his golf club and tweets vile at at suffering Americans?
Your standards and values have sunk to a new low.  This tax proposal will not help most in Ohio and you know it.
You should be embarrassed to align yourself with this @POTUS
It's not surprising Trump is interested given that he would be one of the largest beneficiaries.
Seriously?  His tax plan is horrible. He is a horrible person. And you will not survive this unless you speak out against him.
I'm sorry. What? HAVE YOU MISSED PR ENTIRELY?
Are you also pleased he's disparaging the mayor of #SanJuan from a golf course while she's wading thru sewage rescuing her people?
Uh ,which Ohio families are you talking about, Rob ? Not mine !
You really want to keep acting like he's "an okay guy"?
#Impeach the national embarassment already. #PuertoRicoReliefNOW #RussiaGate #Golfing #Republican
Who's he discussing this tax reform with? His caddy? Secret Secret that pays to watch him? Some random club member? Himself on the 9th hole?
This is abhorrent. You are actually hurting people. Real people.
Tone deaf much?????
*hurt* families and support your *wealthy donors* who want us to work for peanuts
This #taxreform is just one more way for that man you stand with to make more money. Are you so out of touch?
Special people and interests do not exist with the #FAIRtax which is simple, transparent, efficient, fair and hard to evade. #ENDIRS
You've accepted contributions from people and corporations and then voted favoring them. You have turned your back in Ohioans.  #Collusion
Wow a whole 5 likes on this tweet. That ought to clue you in as to where Ohioans stand on this tax reform and POTUS.  You are out of touch.
I can't hear you. Take your mouth off trumps butt.
Taxes? Trump has been making racist remarks all day. Go ahead Senator, hitch your wagon to Trump. See how it plays out for re-election.
Read the bill. 50 percent of cuts go to the wealthy. They are raising taxes on low income citizens.
Plus, he's making all of you look bad by his malicious tweets. Just continue to look the other way and see how far that gets you.
How about the PR disaster? You have sacrificed all your principles to get behind trump's tax plan at the behest of rich donors. Shameful.
And yet he criticizes the leadership of Puerto Rico - disheartening
Shame on you tax talk while American people in Puerto Rico are dying / suffering
I cannot believe you would tweet this on the same day he's been taunting the mayor of San Juan for asking for aid for her dying people.
Didn't realize Ohio had a lot of Billionaires to benefit.
evidently you enjoy being a sniveling coward instead of taking dear leader to task, portman
When did he have time to discuss it between blaming Puerto Ricans for the humanitarian crisis he is escalating?
Are you also pleased to see @POTUS shaming Puerto Ricans for suffering after a natural disaster? You're a one trick pony @senrobportman. SAD
Please think long and hard before casting your votes.  Ohio will not vote you back in if you keep getting your noise dirty.
I'm a coward, but I'm also safe for the next 5 1/2 years. I am a coward.
How about we pay attention to @POTUS putting down Puerto Rico when that's the opposite of the leadership needed. Trump can't be trusted.
Are you pleased to see him discussing Puerto Rico like it's trash??? Shame on you!
How many families in Ohio are in the upper 1%? They will for sure benefit.
Good, pleased on taxes.  Thoughts on his handling of Puerto Rico?
