It’s about you leading us Ohioans down a terrible economic path with this legislation. The Middle Class will be paying for your tax break.
I couldn't agree more. When are you going to introduce it, b/c the only thing on the table right now is a #KochTaxCut  ?
Maybe in a dream. #goptaxreform is about robbing the poor and giving to corps and rich. That doesn't make jobs or increase wages.
GOP the party for the rich, special interest and bought off by the Koch brothers
No, it's about huge tax cuts for the richest Americans, and NOTHING for the middle class. You are a fraud.
How do the people of Ohio tolerate the steady stream of lies from Portman? #dumpthegop
I don't buy it, sir. I lived through Reagan's tax plan and it did NOT help average people...
It had better be about cutting middle class taxes and not the rich.
Person who tweets for Rob, you still believe that, Huh?
It's about cheating the middle class. Be careful what you're singing onto. Ohioans are watching
If GOP really wanted to help working people then their tax reform plan would be targeted exclusively to them.
Just GOP lies to line the pockets of their wealthy donors.
It’s about lining your pockets, and your @gop bosses
I'm looking forward to learning more at your townhall meeting! Come to 44236!
What about the defunding Medicaid part if this rat trap "reform"?
NOPE
The @GOP tax plan is simply reverse Robin Hood, talking from low and middle wage earners and giving the breaks to the 1%.
Again, overselling!
You are kidding,right? Trickle down economics dont work.
It could be, if l #TaxReform were #TaxFairness. Reducing taxes on the rich does not help the rest. You are in DC to help the rest.
Its about putting more money in business owner's pockets
Smile as you wish Rob. We know trickle down does not work.
Vote no on tax reform
You're a RINO
Would you SHUT UP and LISTEN?!!
WE DON'T WANT IT!
You know that trickle down DOESN'T WORK. You lived through it!
#TaxReform is about making the super wealthy wealthier. #WageReform is about wages. About opportunity.
What opportunities will #TaxReform create for Trump? How will we know unless he releases his tax returns?
It would be nice if you gave a shit about the people your server not the corporation that fund your campaigns @senrobportman
And btw, I am an Ohioan!  And I vote!
It's about making the poorest of us even more poor!  What don't you understand about we should most tax those with the most money?
#COMPLETEBUNK #GOPLIES Never has a tax cut for the wealthy resulted in higher wages for the rest of us!
We've been hearing this line for decades. It's all bravado and claims with no convincing evidence. Show us how you know this improves jobs!
@senrobportman please tell us how happy you are about the repeal of the clean power plan? And also about China's leadership in electric cars
More like it's about keeping your rich donors happy so YOU have a job. Screw the rest of us.
Sleazy Kochsucker
what crap. This a money grab for the top 1%. Give the money to the middle if you (cont) http://tl.gd/no6b9b 
I hope wages really go up since we'll get no help with healthcare costs.
And I will add, this tax plan is a corrupt quid pro quo to pay back the Koch Brothers financial network for past and future donations. #fail
And yet, there is absolutely nothing in your plan that directs spending into job creating investment. The rich get to keep millions.
....for you, it's about raking the middle class over the coals....
Lies
It's a #TaxScam to enrich yourself and your wealthy friends while bilking the middle class of what little they have left.
It's about the rich and corporate profits. Higher profits never resulted in more jobs nor higher wages. Quit selling a lie. #TrumpTaxScam
No economic facts to back up increasing deficit. Pass clean Dreamers Act without useless wall and renew CHIP. Break cycle of poverty
Always about manufacturing jobs.  Your staff never posts about jobs in healthcare, or finance, or education.  Not enough lobby money?
Trickle down voodoo doesn’t create jobs. It never has. Quit shoving this garbage down Ohioans’ throats, man.
It's about gifts to the super rich in the guise of helping the middle class! SAD!!!
You are about making more money for your rich supporters
Stop pushing the #TrumpTaxScam, and show some courage like @SenBobCorker.
No. It's about enriching your donors by robbing the treasury. Robber Baron Portman.
Huh. Hah. Why not just tell them you will give them all purple polka-dotted ponies?
Stop lying to Ohio 
It's about cheating the working class.It's about making rich people richer.It's about wrecking healthcare and hurting poor people. #resign

The unemployment rate is low, we don't need more jobs we need higher pay.  This will only make the rich, richer.
Been watching this for about 30 years, time to change the channel.
Same old rhetoric & visuals. You would think with what you are paid you could find, and say, something new. Rinse, repeat! @indivisibledyt
Easier to believe if the benefits went directly to working class ppl v waiting for them to trickle down from greedy corps.
It’s about decimating services for people with disabilities!
#TaxReform  @stevenmnuchin1 Ponzi scheme that steals deductions from poor to give tax cuts to rich Demanded by donors like @Koch_Industries
And about providing more money for the most wealthy Americans
really? cuz it sure doesn’t look like it
for instance, the treasury department determined that the corporate tax disproportionately is payed by capital, not labor
Our democracy is in danger! Speak up!
#GOP #tax reform is propaganda. We're being bullied by the most privileged group in society. They "represent" through #GOPmalfeasance
@Gop is tainted by #Trumprussia. Complicit in trump's dereliction of duty. #VoteDemocrats
From Rob who family net worth is $20 MILLION
(Number show $8M for ROb remaining tucked away under wife & children) 
It also NOt about Jobs.

GOP tax plan gives 80% of the tax cuts to the top 1%. Bottom 80%? They'll only get 13% of the tax cuts: http://bit.ly/2zbjvwh  
.@GOP #MarijuanaReform is about #jobs. Its about opportunity. #TaxReform
Bet you just can’t wait to run the economy back into the ditch again, a la 2007.
Even small business doesn't buy it. They say they will spend their tax savings on tech, not jobs.
Absolutely. If I get a tax break it will definitely not go to increased payroll.
Stop lying to us! It's about tax cuts for your wealthy donors. The Middle Class and poor get screwed.
It's about another GOP handout to the wealthy. Your refusal to speak out against Trumpcare was also repulsive.
Try peddling your agenda at a town hall meeting full of Ohioans you're supposed to represent, Rob. You need an intervention.
Oh Happy, you know ole spineless Rob Portman won't hold a town hall as the snowflake doesn't want to be yelled at! #spinelessrobportman
Yeah, the opportunity for the filthy rich to filth themselves up with more riches.
It's about giving money to the rich. I doubt @senrobportman believes in God. Otherwise he wouldn't give Satan so much material.
Congrats, @senrobportman ... you are the Rat-snake photo op champion of Twitter
Come on @senrobportman stop lying to Ohioans. You only want to save $$$ for your wealthy donors.
It’s About making the rich richer
It's about corporate welfare and trickle down economics. It does not work. We see what is happening. 45 cutting taxes for own profit
It's about the rich the corporations the donors and then it will trickle down to the working class we will need to take away healthcare to
@GOP big $$ donor puppets lying corrupt racist treasonous #nullify2016
Nope. It’s about cutting billions of dollars from Medicare and Medicaid to pay for a tax cut for the rich. To say otherwise is a lie.
What about CHIP? What have you done to fund it?
