no he's not well qualified. He is anti gay and anti women
YOU have not paid attention to your constituents in previous cabinet appointments. I don't trust you.
call their bluff and put the vote up!!
So was Garland. Yet you didn't seem interested in doing your job to at least give him a hearing.
These kind of tweets are really insulting to our intelligence. #MerrickGarland
You are wrong.
.@senrobportman You know who was well qualified and should have been confirmed?? Garland...
stolen SEAT !!!
There goes #rubberstampRob again, doing whatever 45* tells him to do, ignoring his constituents, refusing to acknowledge mess
voting him out is our duty as Ohioans on his next go- around! Corrupt!! Disgusting!
your disgusting!
*you're #voteforgrammar
Stolen SCOTUS seat because of unprecedented Republican obstructionism. Terrible, dishonest, manipulative! #MerrickGarland
#stolenseat #sitdown
you allowed this seat to be stolen. Shame on you.
Firmly against supporting Trump nominees until investigation has been thoroughly completed.
and after as well
Fair enough.
And #JudgeGarland was well-qualified and should have had a hearing. #doyourjob
you keep saying that, but we listened to the hearings. #losingcredibility #stoppartisanpolitics
no. No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no o no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
thank you Mr Portman!!
you also told us Rob Portman was qualified to be a senator. His voting record probes that was a lie.
this is very disappointing. I will support democrats efforts to block this.
you are an embarrassment to our state no integrity
this is a stolen seat! Until #45 is done being under investigation of #Trumprussia the seat needs to remain empty!!  #sad
do you not keep track of your phone calls?!? Those are your constituents-represent us!
sir. We are your constituents. Your BOSS. We are against Gorsuch. You ignored us on devos. Please don't do it again.
NO. And my phone call to your office asked the same. #NoGorsuch #RussiaInvestigation #registeredvoter
what's up with Obama's pick? It was your duty to hold a confirmation hearing for Garland. Keep sucking on the orange one.
there are so many bots on twitter to promote hate!
GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLAND GARLA
and so was #MerrickGarland
so was Judge Garland but you refused to give him a hearing. Partisan hypocrisy at its finest.
that was joe Biden you can thank him
Stealing a lifetime SCOTUS seat from an electoral majority is a treasonous attack on democracy. Republicans, check yourselves
no joe Biden should have checked himself when he told them to hold the vote
stop voting for your party. Speak for the people of Ohio.. #NoGorsuch
no Supreme Court nominee should be voted on while the president is under FBI investigation
nope.
Who paid you and how much to vote for this racist?
he was nominated by an illegitimate president.  No new appointments until the FBI investigation of trump is finished
NO.
quit rolling over! Stand up! Be a man!
NO, he should NOT be confirmed. We the people deserve fair juris prudence. That is not Judge Gorman!  #2018wevote
#StolenSeat you are actively delegitimizing the Court by wholly ignoring Garland!
(After Merrick Garland)
no he is not and you are clueless
like Merrick Garland????
you are complicit in wrongdoing.
So was Merrick Garland. Why didn't you go to the floor on his behalf?
Eight present justices oppose Gorsuch.  Think you are smarter and wiser than them? You are not.  Kiss Trump's rump again
no. Just no. Stop it. At least have some dignity with your sellout behavior.
please don't support Gorsuch. This man is clearly partisan. #district3 #voter
Well as an Ohioan, I would just like to say..ENJOY YOUR LAST TERM.
SCOTUS doesn't want him! They no he's not qualified $10million in dark money? Poor choice! Do not vote for this unjust man!
No sir. No Russia Probe, No Supreme Court Robe.
Oh and btw @senrobportman you do know #Trump cut protection for #LGBTQ, ? #Gorsuch agrees. Thought you cared about your son + fam at least
Wow you really think we will have forgotten all this be the time you are up for reelection. You are so wrong. #byebyerob
Not until the investigation is finished. Trump may have fewer months left as pres than Obama had with his nominee.
Hypocrite!!
Rob, do you remember in October when Republican Senators vowed to block any Clinton nominee?
No. But you don't pay attention to your constituents anyway. You should resist Russian influence in our government.
Nom from pres under treason investigation should not be considered! Instead, go to Senate floor & vote for Russia probe
no lifetime appointments should be confirmed when the sitting president is under FBI investigation for his ties to #Russia
of course... party line... have you looked at his positions at all!!!
Stop kissing Trump's ass!
What about Merrick Garland? You never let him make his case, Rob. This is your last term. #rubberstamprob
Amen!
According to who? Your Russian President?
wish you had tweeted that, or even "met with"
Merick Garland was just as qualified. Your party's opposition shows why Americans HATE politicians.# Hypocrites
Headed to the Senate Floor to make the case for Judge Garland. He is well-qualified & should be confirmed.
You are just so wrong on so many things.
get republicans /speaker to start acting like the majority that you are. The dems would?
need to encourage, demand republicans remove heads from their butt and lead from the front, on everything.  Not the dems!
No. He. Is. Not. You, Rob, are a sell out.
so was Merrick Garland
boooooo!
This is serious Senator Portman.  Please stand for Ohio, not corruption.   Stand up for the United States.  No to Trump!
NO on #SCOTUS vote! #Trumprussia first! (oh, &: total comcast donation to Rob Portman (R) - $89,350)
You sold OH out for $89K? Disgusting...
Trump is on a sinking ship,don't go down with him. Don't vote while he is under investigation or you won't have my vote again
NO! Gorsuch backed by Philip Anschutz, conservative billionaire of Koch "Dark Money" network #NoGorsuch
.@senrobportman You voted for Betsy Devos making your judgement your worst quality, so forgive me if I don't take your word for it.
are you working for the Russians too? SCOTUS should not be confirmed while Trump is investigated for collision with Russia.
please don't!!!!!
So was Judge Garland.
No *45 appointment shld b confirmed as long as he is under a red cloud. U shld feel the same, if u were a patriot.
no until an independent investigation of Russian interference is complete. The American people deserve better.
I am a constituent and I say NO! How can you allow an illegitimate president to pick? You wouldn't even support Obamas pick
I am constituent of yours and I would like you to vote no on Gorsuch. He represents corporations not the people!!!
.@senrobportman Merrick Garland is well qualified and should be confirmed.
Your constituents are strongly urging against this appointment.  Do you hear us?
So was the previous nominee and yet...   Stay strong @SenateDems.  @senrobportman
thank you! I will work tirelessly to ensure you are not re-elected. Thanks for not representing!
#NoGorsuch while WH under Investigation for collusion with #Russia. Do you know or care where the $19M #DarkMoney came from?
so was Merrick Garland but he never got a chance thanks to you and you Rep buddies like Mconnell!  Can't wait for 2018!
Shame on you. Shame on your party. That seat belongs to Merrick Garland.
Your credibility might improve if you at least apologized for the shameful treatment of Garland.
just like Obama's candidate?
That is unfortunate. A president who may be removed from office does not deserve the honor of shaping the Court for decades.
another reason you are not qualified
As a constituent, thank you for representing us so well!
No, judge garland should've been given her hearing
You misspelled Merrick Garland.
No he should not be confirmed until the FBI investigation w Russia and WH is done. Why don't you listen to ur constituants?
.@senrobportman I will cross you of my list of people to vote for. Apparently you don't care about Ohioans or Americans. Disgusted.
you spelled Merrick Garland wrong
What was your problem with Merrick Garland?
Wrong vote on the FCC rule.   Can't wait to campaign for your next opponent.
You just don't listen to your constituents, do you? Deaf ears.
so was Judge Garland
There you go again doing things your constituents object to.
he is bought! Corrupt!
Sadly it's about politics and not qualifications. Garland never got voted on. Say no to Gorsuch.
Where is Merrick Garland's confirmation hearing?
Not impartial. Favors big business. Shame on you.
shame on him! He does not work for us! He Does Not Care about Ohioans! He is corrupted!

Until the russian connection is cleared up there should be no nomination to our SCOTUS by russian president
And this is the last few months of his term, no nominations in the last year of a presidency #Impeach45
.@senrobportman what planet are you living on? Well qualified like DeVos? I'm living in Opposite World.
wouldn't that be refreshing if he actually stated the truth like that?too bad he's a lying 
Merrick and Garland. 2 words.
as was Garland yet you sat on your hands shame to you. Do yr job Russians in WH
Respectfully suggest confirmation should wait pending investigations of the President and his election

Resistbot! Use it! Text the word "resist" to 50409 & follow prompts. It legitimately faxes your words 2 your Congress(wo)men. #TheResistance https://twitter.com/JBranscome72/status/846554616376516608 …
So was Merrick Garland, but with most of a year left of the President's term you refused. Party over country, right? #resist
Typical republican. A thief arguing to keep the stolen loot. We won't forget. I hope karma bites your ass biggly!
you really should start representing the state and not yourself. Listen to those you serve.
What about Judge Garland.  Many could say the same thing about him.
.@senrobportman Respectfully, sir, no Supreme Court nomination from either party should proceed while the person who nominated him/her..../1
.../2 is the subject of an active FBI criminal investigation, no matter how qualified the nominee appears to be. The nomination process...
... /3 must be above reproach in order to maintain the public's confidence in the Supreme Court's integrity, regardless of politics. End.
vote NO! I am one of your constituents! I DO NOT want him confirmed! I work for us- the people of Ohio!
No nominations by Pres under criminal investigation!
and this is why I will work hard to get u out of office next time.
count me in Lori!
Leftists/Dems STILL have their panties in a wad Go #HarryReid nuclear if you have to senator #TasteofTheirOwnMedicine
#SCOTUS
disagree
Portman-you will not be re- elected you r BOUGHT/PAID for-U r not interested in what is best for Ohioans! $89,350 to sell us!
I urge rejection. We need a judge who's analysis of the law is not only independent but also CORRECT! Gorsuch is not right.
@All100Senators Merrick Garland deserves the SAME respect!! He too is MORE THAN qualified!
No, he rules for corporate interests over people. Don't give him Garland's stolen seat.
as should Judge Garland
Gorsuch sides with corporations. He is an enemy of women's health care, LGBTQ rights, and access to justice. He is extreme!
Merrick Garland was qualified as well but I didn't hear u speaking up then. Typical #GOP.
Garland was well qualified. And GOP promised if HRC won, they would never vote for her nominee. GOP blew up the system.
Since when do qualifications matter to GOP.Judge Garland was qualified yet u used nonexistent rule to deny hearing.
You voted for Pruitt and DeVos so I'm extremely skeptical about your ability to assess qualifications.
Mr Short-sadly our senator is corrupt as he accepts "donations" from the very people and policies he votes 4
Why don't you head to a #REALTownHallNOW? You cant ignore us forever. We won't stop. #whatareyoudoing #stophiding #scheduleit
he skipped ours last week! COWARD!
Nah. First Garland.
Don't forget to mention #MerrickGarland who you screwed over ! #politicalhack
kind of like Merrick Garland
Is that what you said about Merrick Garland or are you just a raging hypocrite?
1. Gorsuch has a history of an inhumane, unAmerican record 2. no vote on a supreme court justice 'til fbi investigation into Trump russia
illegitimate nominee of a illegitimate president
Just tell the Dems that they're getting Judge Bill Pryor via nuclear option if they filibuster Gorsuch.  Plot twist!
NO. As a resident of OH, I ask you NOT to confirm Gorsuch.
So was Merrick Garland.
until the President is cleared no vote should take place.
Yes, #Gorsuch is qualified; though he's vying for a stolen seat.
Where was your willingness for a vote on #MerrickGarland?
so was Merrick Garland yet he could not even get so much as a meeting or word of support. GOP did anti American thing there
Still misrepresenting #Ohio, I see. NO CONFIRMATION UNTIL #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION. Stop pretending it isn't happening!
that's right! Illegitimate president equals an Illegitimate Candidate for SCOTUS!!
No #SCOTUS vote on a nomination from a White House under criminal investigation! #Trumprussia
no.
