I agree AND you should vote #NoAHCA, since 8700 #Veterans in #Ohio alone (441k total) would lose Medicaid under Senate version of #Trumpcare
And Ohioans deserve good healthcare, right? 
Aren't whistle-blower "leakers?
VA Healthcare got better Bill Clinton, Kenneth Kizer.  Got worse because Bush, many Republicans.  Washington Post 2007 - military hospitals
Who wrote the AHCA?  You were on the committee of 13. Do you know?  Did you write it or did you let the insurance lobbyists write it?
Yes, they do, so why take their medicaid?
1 in 10 vets depend on Medicaid. At least 1.75 million will lose all coverage under AHCA. Vets deserve better.
Our vets and active service members deserve a serious leader who cares about them.  POTUS cares only about his ego.  Truly sad.
And the healthcare out of the Senate will hurt alot of the veterans that don't qualify for some programs.
stop  your BS while you write this fluff tweet your taking a knife to Medicaid & giving a trillion dollars to the rich in tax cuts
While pleased for our vets, I don't understand why ALL Americans cannot have access to affordable quality healthcare?? What does it take?
A new analysis by the Center for American Progress finds that 441,300 veterans would lose Medicaid coverage by 2026 #NoAHCA  #hypocrites
That's why you'll vote No on #ACHA right? BC over 400,000 #Veterans will lose coverage under #GOPDeathCare #wealthcarebill
Wasn't Al Baldasaro @that signing? You are pleased @realDonaldTrump is hosting people who threaten politicians with violence?

Republicans say their health bill will lead to cheaper plans. @ReedAbelson asked carriers and actuaries about that. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/23/health/senate-health-plan-costs.html …
You will have the most needy Ohioans blood on your hands.
Fraud.
Our vets do deserve the best. The senate healthcare bill will strip 8,700 Ohio vets of Medicaid. Vote no on the bill.
Pleased @POTUS signed the #Veterans Affairs Accountability & Whistleblower Protection Act. Our vets deserve the best care & this bill helps
Don't all citizens deserve the best?  Make ACA better not worse.  Vote no on Senate ACHA #SaveOsaveour #SaveMedicaid #NoTrumpcare

Retweet to any Republican Senator who might vote no. Follow Mike at @wholeexpanse.
@SenatorCollins @SenCapito @lisamurkowski @senrobportman 
Yet when Comey becomes a whistle blower, he's labled a leaker.  Good to know which side of "POTUS" youre buttered on.  SAD!
Apparently the rest of us deserve nothing, judging by the horrible #Trumpcare bill you've drafted in secret. Why do you hate Ohioans?
If you get numbers on the number of in state rich people versus middle and lower income people you will have a helps vs hurts list easy.
The #OrangeSnowflake in office does not care about vets. Only the illusion of caring. You should know better.

And AHCA guts veteran healthcare. What is wrong with you folks? Why do you hate America and her people so much?
And the newest Senate version of the health "care" bill is taking AWAY from our veterans' benefits. Vote no on the bill.
So do all Americans. Vote no on this disaster of a healthcare bill.
Yes, so you can fire present VA directors and install your buddies or your son-in-law.
He did...
Then don't vote for #trumpcare it hurts #Vets
What about Ohio Rob ? Did you see to it all will be treated equally ?? Or will you cave to @SenateMajLdr ??
Disabled kids deserve the best care.  Older people deserve the best care.  Everyone deserves the best care.
Have you "studied" the HCA yet? Or too busy catering to your special interests?
Those vets fought for all of us. Now you need to stand up and defend Ohioans against the malicious cuts to Medicaid and healthcare. #SaveACA
You're right. They deserve the best care, and the #HealthcareBill is NOT that. #SayWhatYouMean #VoteWhatYouSay
Does he know what he signed? Lol especially the whistleblower part? He calls them illegal leaks! Hopefully there'll b ppl blowingwhistles!
Congress is so elated to pass a bill requiring the VA to be "more accountable". Clean up your own house, full of Russian tea biscuits!
If U agree to this why are U voting 4 HEALTH CARE BILL? Millions of vets rely on Medicaid for illnesses. U will be voted out if U support
Vets do deserve the best care. Solve the 45,000 vacancies so we can deliver the best care. Stop contracting it out. It's not rocket science.
Vote for healthcare....the ohio Republicans are counting on you.  Stop worrying about the scare tactics of the left...dont disappoint
The bill that will cost 450,000 vets healthcare?  Why do you hate vets?
And we would appreciate a Town Hall meeting, please.
Only people this president cares about are all related 2 him.no trouble lying to Americans every day. Taking away Medicare speaks volumes.
answer your phones @senrobportman
What about whistleblowers in the White House?
BINGO!!!
Yep.
Not a priority! Not supporting #trumpcare is.
Yes they do. And we deserve for you to vote NO on AHCA, Senator.
Show us YOU care and vote NO on the Senate Health Care Bill!!
Walk away from the crappy Senate "healthcare" bill. That bill doesn't help. In fact, it hurts.
#DontRobOurCare
#NoCutsNoCaps
#fixtheACA
THANK YOU FOR THIS EMPTY BILL POINTING AWAY FROM YOUR OWN RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE STATE OF THE VA @HouseGOP ! YOU'RE A GOOD CON MAN, TOO!
But the #healthcarebill won't.
Do regular Ohioans deserve the best care? Do we deserve health insurance we can afford? Have you read the senate bill yet?
Vote No on Senate healthcare bill
It is bad for Ohio.
Great! Now focus on our care!! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
