as your constituent, I'm very disappointed.
I voted for you bc you showed you were willing to stand up to Trump. Now you've caved too. You will not get my vote in 2022
in lock step with the rest. Remember you are there for the people not the Republican party.
What is your stance on H.R. 193
Tillerson - a friend of Russia who denied Exxon lobbied against Russian sanctions. How can any of us trust him? Or you, now?
This is scary for americans to think our representatives are backing someone with known Russian ties that will help Putin.
@just another trump sycophant
This is the wrong choice. I'm a constituent, and I'm wholly against him being SoS. Look forward to voting you out of office.
as an OH resident I find this very disappointing.
As an Ohio voter, I am very disappointed in your decision.
so not surprised by your renewed idiocy this term. Keep it up, senator, and we'll make sure it's your last. #WontBackDown
Good move Senator.
@realDonaldTrump then say goodbye to your job.  Trump is going to drag you all down.
Not surprising. Big Business has been your "constituent"  all the way. You received over $1.4M from the NRA
stand up and represent the people u work for! Demand trump tax returns.
Because of your commitment to Rex Tillerson I will actively campaign against you in 2022
Disappointed in your vote.
You know better. Ohio voters are watching you.
ok i trust your judgement
This is a YUGE mistake. He has no business in or experience in government. Support someone who really cares about US for once

I will vote no on Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State. Here's why: https://www.facebook.com/senatormenendez/posts/10154897996961358 …
As a constituent I am incredibly disappointed in your decision. I ask you to reconsider your vote. I know I certainly will.
indefensible.
You mean because of his commitment to the fossil fuel industry?
with this vote you are supporting a man w strong ties to an enemy of the US. It's unpatriotic and disgraceful. #ashamedOhioan
very disappoint to hear you will be supporting Tillerson's appointment... not a smart move
because of your commitment to the stupidity of this administration, I commit to voting against you
You mean, party over country, right?
Is he the best possible candidate for #SecretaryOfState ? Please do not just rubber stamp. Provide advice and consent
Will he be acting according to his own commitments or those of the @POTUS ? #Trump tends to prefer to exert a lot of control.
His ties to Russia should be disqualifying. Wrong choice for America.
I can't find anyone who supports this. Seriously, scroll down. All your constituents are against. Bad choice!
Don't vote for Rex Tillerson, Betsy, or any of Trumps cabinets picks. They are not fit to serve. Shame on you
I believe that you are not courageous enough to stand for what is best for our country, but instead kowtow to new autocrat.
as a constituent... this is embarrassing.  Glad to know the $20,000 in campaign donations have no impact on how you vote
Very disappointed that you chose party loyalty over what is right for all of us--worried and engaged Ohio voter
hey @senrobportman how can you ignore the people of your state and vote for Putin's buddy?  You cant support Ukraine and putin/tillerson!
it will be my pleasure to vote against you in 2022.
here was a chance to side with American interest instead of republican antics. Thought you were better than that #guessnot
Sad mistake! @SenateGOP irresponsible!
What will you do to combat lying in the White House? Will you accept it or will you reject it?
YOU maybe safe til 2023, but we're coming for your friends!  #midterms2018
Senator Portman, I am very disappointed in you. I voted for you in 2016, but I won't make that mistake again.
What a good little follower you are!  Oil is king.
@GeoffPyatt you, sir, are as gullible as the American people were when they took Trump's word that he'd release his taxes
tillerson is favorite stepson to Russia. AKA "briar patch" 
At least Recuse self from B. deVos. Campaign funds to you, dirty.
That's a surprise. Knew what your vote would be as soon as the big boys told you what to do.
This is a terrible decision. Very disappointed.
What are you thinking????
.@senrobportman 216-522-7095 (Cleveland office). 202-224-3353 (DC office). Start calling, y'all. #StandIndivisible
Please do not vote for #Tillerson @senrobportman @SenSherrodBrown #TheSwamp is these big money #donors like Tillerson and #DeVosHearing
supporting #Tillerson who has 200m invested in Exxon, has consistently gone against US fp, like in Iraq and Rus is a bad idea
perhaps you'd know you weren't representing your constituents' interests of your offices ever answered the phone #Tillerson
I do not agree at all.  Please reconsider your vote.
I want legislation passed that would require Congressional approval before lifting santions on Russia.
.@senrobportman Tillerson publicly supported lifting sanctions, didn't tell the truth about lobbying the WH. Vote no http://www.sent-trib.com/opinion/tillerson-s-past-dealings-worrying-for-new-post/article_3e3dcc7c-dd84-11e6-9cf2-cfe1d3686765.html …
Commitments concerning Russia are exactly why you should vote AGAINST Tillerson
This does not represent you, Ohio, your constituents, or your country. Shame!
did you sleep through his testimony? Senator, how his he a qualified or appropriate choice?
Sad. Say goodbye to your seat, senator.
I strongly disagree with your choice to vote for Tillerson. Very disappointed. #noTillerson
.@senrobportman Commitment to Russia? At least you're transparent enough I don't need an Xray to see you don't have a spine.
vote your conscience, comrade.
I will vote for your opponent next election. Can't wait to kick you out of office!
Choose your battles Senator. Now vote no on DeVos and Pruitt.  They are both incompetent to run education and the EPA.
how will ending sanctions ensure Ukraine's safety? #partystooge
Doesn't his company haves business ties with governments that sponsor terrorism?  Shame on you!  $$$.
Who is running against Portman? I will donate three hundred dollars to their campaign right now.
Cincy - Tell him in person how you feel. Rally at Sen. Portman office 1/24 at noon. #SwampCabinet  https://act.moveon.org/event/stop_trumps_swamp_cabinet/search/ …
yeah, sounds like he is super committed to Russia
Incredibly disappointing.
Oh he's committed to Russia.  And Iran for that matter. The rest of Ohio is saying no!
Really excited to get cozier with Russia, huh? This constituent is unhappy with your choice.
I'm glad you trust him because I don't.  Too close to Russia.
.@senrobportman receives money from Exxon & he supports Tillerson for secretary of state. What a surprise.
Shame on you! Your constituents clearly do not support this stance.
A vote for Rex Tillerson is not what the people of Ohio want. Vote no on his appointment.  A concerned Ohio voter.
I plan to vote you out of office ASAP, going to work hard this next election on that. #ConflictsofInterest are #UNAMERICAN.
These commitments sound like "alternative facts". Your constituents are telling you no! Why aren't you listening?
"an asset to president Trump" -- Not to the American people.
I am saddened to hear it.  I believe we are moving down a most dangerous path regarding the freedom of our Republic.
you are insane. We need a stateman as Secretary of State!!! Not another megarich donor! You will sell out our country.
When do you get your honorary appointment to the Feseration Council? You cont. to put party over Ohioans.
Because of your commitment to Trump's idiocy, I plan to vote for your opponent next election.
Exxon shareholders thank you.
I am very disappointed to hear this
I know that you just got re-elected. I hope you are very careful in backing http://Trump.You  can be recalled impeached

vote to save the environment! Vote to start new alternative energy sources!
you are wrong on this one . Disappointed
he's going to get more mega rich when sanctions against Russia are ended. 
The level of disappointment in you is now reaching higher than ever before. I think many people are having buyers remorse.
what? his major oil deals with Russia and the fact that Russia wants the restof the Ukraine? You mean that?
Hey @senrobportman.  You're going to be on the losing side of history. Ignoring constituents and siding with a facist.  Sad.
He is a coward.
you should be ashamed of yourself
VERY disappointed you would overlook his lack of qualifications & concerning ties to Russia. As an Ohioan, I strongly object.
So you're getting ready for retirement then ?
You spelled "caving to partisan politics" wrong.  Disappointing.
So sorry that perceived and very likely real COI were not enough of a deterrent. Russia must be pleased.
disappointed to say the least. Country over Party. #InbedwithPutin
You are obliviously suffering from Neurosyphilitic Dementia. Probably from sleeping with all the Corporations and Oil Men.
You all voted for Putin's puppet.Trump will be going for the money. Rex Tillerson is his agent for Russia. You're a disgrace
Of course u are. Tell your POTUS to release his tax returns.
We send 3.8 billion tax payer monies to Israel p/yr. They send 2 USA spies. We caught them. Why do you support that?
I plan to vote for you opponent in next election
committed to dismantling NATO? How about the UN? EU?
Commitment on Russia or commitment to Russia?
Shame on you. Tillerson should be under investigation not rewarded for his ties to Russia. @senrobportman @Loxodonta_s
Please make @realDonaldTrump release his tax returns. The American people have a right to know his business dealings.

NOOOO
don't forget his commitment to being a political donor in your back pocket!!
That's disappointing, Senator.
- Ohio voter.
