For shame...
temp* jobs.
only 35 long-term jobs while damaging the planet, at risk communities. Green energy job creation outpaces fossil fuels.
That's a lie.  Creates temporary jobs.  And does nothing for affordable energy.
how many jobs and what about safety of communities it runs through
wrong. We need to invest in renewables.  Protect the earth. Water is life!
read last week with the price of crude tanking some Keystone investors have pulled out. Stable?Affordable? #NotProfitable
no it won't. But God help you politicians when it leaks and contaminates our waters. #AMJoy #ohio #WaterIsLife #cleanenergy
Deal will be Canada's first pipeline access to U.S. Gulf Coast which could lead to energy instability for us.Environmental$2
btw why'd u vote to allow bear cubs to be shot in dens?
no. Not sustainable for environment, not enough jobs created, energy not staying in US. Focus on #Trumprussia & @DevinNunes
We need to invest in the future, not the past. We can jumpstart an industry of green energy. We have 1 planet.
you've been drinking the trump koolaid
...the oil doesn't remain in the US. Please stop misleading your constituents.Benefits only your donors. #resist
amen sister! So sick snd tired of this pos bull crap
b.s. 35 permanent jobs. Addiction to oil continues. It's like we are a junkie-cant get enough. Sad.
You a damn trip...
great we get to carry canadas dirty oil through our heartland.
I vote that we run the pipeline through the backyards of our elected officials.  See how they feel bout it then.
Yep 32 permanent jobs to trash the environment. Solid work
We want to know who you are? We don't know anymore.
Wow. I look forward to campaigning AGAINST you for your utter disregard for what constituents want.
...and damage the environment forever. Sen portman, man up!
Nope. It will hurt ohio's oil and gas producers. Seems like you would know this?
so how is selling Canada oil to China gong to do that you lieing pos
How many long-term jobs? Worth the risks?
35 approx, and Nope. Bet he hates that we dont depend on THEM for our Intel 
Not worth it. Stop misleading constituents. We need renewable energy and clean water.
so disappointed and disgusted in you. Oil is not the answer. Be forward thinking
35 long term jobs?! That's enough for you to sacrifice safe drinking water? Or is it the $$ you're getting #nopipeline
35 jobs. Jesus, you guys are pathetic. Canadian oil, funneled to Mexico, with German steel, to sell to China.
promote renewable and nuclear energy resources too, not just dying resources like gas and coal.
All 35 long term jobs! Wow! Really frying the big fish!
you are so full of crap. Fearmongering at best. Dream of killing animals in their dens lately?????
Fuck that dirty oil passing through our country! We would rather see an investment made in renewables with our tax dollars!
you can't be serious. I will not vote for you if you continue with this ignorance #district3
but at what cost? There are alternatives to destroying even more of our beautiful environment.
you're going to shill that crap? Oil for Canada? Built with Russian steel? You can't be that oblivious.
no it won't.  And you know it.   It's not even an American company
Can you not see what the rest of the world is doing? Instead of depending on oil switch to a renewable energy.  #environment
I thought Canadian oil company sold their oil to overseas businesses. Not US.
.@senrobportman jobs are temporary & the damage from the pipeline is permanent and devastating, and more broken trust with Native Americans.
keystone xl is not the answer. Shameful.
, 34 permanent jobs...34. Are 34 jobs worth the possibility of hurting what precious natural resources we have left?! No!!
- this is NOT the future. Stop turning back time.
it's getting deep in here, let me get my boots
It will not.  It's a bad deal for America.
how bout we run it through your neighborhood?
Nevermind the treaties violated and perpetuating unsustainable fossil fuel use and potentially polluting native lands.
well.... 35 jobs.   But just how does it do the rest?   Please explain...
- Talk to Canadians. They're not happy about the numerous spills they've had from the pipeline.
35 jobs is a lot! Is it worth the potential health and wellbeing of people? #badidea #partlineboy
Don't forget American steel.....
NO! Stop the madness- no on the keystone
@JordanChariton Maybe you should do a story on the guy who tricked you into giving him free-air time. #ResearchFirst #tytlive
@cenkuygur This guy fooled you guys into holding him up as altruistic. He is profiting off the legislation you applauded him for. #tytlive
SO disappointed to see this... By allowing this, we as a country are completely disrespecting American Indian communities.
are you justifying killing the environment for 35 new jobs? that's not representing US!
bullshit it will make us more dependent on oil. Will be voting you out
it's a terrible idea, creates very few long term jobs.
@ the expense of "sovereignty" of Native Americans after forcing them, often w/lethal force, 2 take our now worthless treaty!
BWAHAHAHAHAHA! Right, and I have a water  company for sale for you in Flint!
until you destroy the Great Lakes you "care" so much about
wow you really believe that ?   How many LONG term jobs ?   Where does the Oil go to ?  NOT the US!!!
And of course will damage the environment. But I don't think you care much about that...
It will create temporary jobs, and do permanent damage to the environment. That math doesn't add up.
great to bad it will help kill the planet but at least we'll have jobs when th world is done
translation: Guys look, we made some temporary jobs at the expense of your health! Celebrate!
.@senrobportman This is delusional.  Climate change will cause greater instability and cost lives.
Can you explain the broken promise to build with 100% US steel, or not at all...
The best way to curb global warming,spur economic growth,  protect against energy spikes is to invest in renewable energy.
it creates FIFTEEN jobs you tool
Nonsense. Koch oil from tar sands to Koch refinery to China. A few temporary jobs to tie in then 30 Canadians 2 run it.
I also can't believe you have lost your integrity, toe the party line so you won't be bullied while ignoring constituents
And will destroy the environment and endanger the health of those in affected areas. Better to invest in renewable energy.
That pipeline will be carrying Canada's dirty oil refuse! Why are you lying?
C'mon Rob. There will be 35 permanent jobs created by that probable water disaster. Shame on you for pretending otherwise!
Very happy it's finally moving forward!
what? *while threatening safe drinking water, the environment, destroying sacred lands. How about LASTING clean energy jobs??
is a delusional incompetent man! SAD! More #AlternativeFacts! These people will say anything! #Lockhimup
35 permanent jobs. Built with Russian steel. Wrecking environment. Sounds like a win for our country. 44236
And guarantee my grandchildren will have to live on mars. #byebyeearth #wahwewantmoremoney
It's temporary jobs, the US will gain 10-15 permanent jobs from this. Worth risking Natives water?
Owned by corporations and Betsy DeVos. You constantly ignore the wishes of your constituents.
35 jobs? While ruining sacred land and water? You are despicable.
You keep lying, snd assuming we don't know better. Shame on you. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
A few jobs mean nothing when we can't drink the water  #NoKXL
This will hasten climate change by making some of the dirtiest fossil fuel available for use.  Shameful.  Looking forward to election season
Those are misleading statements.  Very few permanent jobs will be created, and the affordability of our energy will not be impacted.
let's look to the future! Be smarter! Oil is dirty and contributes to climate change. Stop denying and help us!
please stop voting to destroy our planet! Temporary gains for years of destruction! Do more to protect our environment
35 permanent jobs is laughable. C'mon.
this could have accomplished the same hing WITHOUT disturbing the Native people!!! I would not gloat too much
you know this is a lie! For every job it creates, it will destroy land & water quality for THOUSANDS of people.Please vote No
man but your vote for this was expensive was it more that devos at $51000 ?  #$51000man
.@senrobportman So wrong & so wrong-headed. How can we talk #GreatLakes & disregard ND? #WaterIsLife #NoDAPL. Astounded by the hypocrisy.
where do you get your facts? Trump's twitter account? All the jobs created R short term. Roughly 35 full-time permanent jobs.
temporary #jobs at best, and we don't even produce the pipes in the US? China is grateful you approved this!
Not the 1000s of jobs @POTUS claims! You are letting down your constituents by believing everything he claims. #Trump lies.
50 jobs???  What about pipeline was to be American made,  now it's not.  Another lie!!!
In case you haven't noticed, on avg about 75% of Ohioans disagree with your votes. #Pathetic. It's time for you to #RESIGN
invest in #renewableenergy to really create #Jobs & provide stable/affordable supply. CLE=Healthcare, make OH=energy leader!
disagree this is a world traded commodity. Not nor ever will be independent in Calling BS
You are a SAD, PATHETIC #So-called #Senator for our State.
where is that oil going to ultimately end up?China,Far East,Europe,or stay in the U.S.
The ONLY thing you are interested in is taking #DirtyMoney for votes. Time to vote you OUT and get someone who represents US.
Tell the #kochbrothers to build a refinery in Canada next to the source. Save our #environment...oh yeah, they PAID YOU for your vote. CROOK
remember when constituents believe the BS from the folks they voted to "represent " them? Oh, nostalgia.
Liar!!! <50jobs and steel from China.  Not worth the risk!!!
Tone deaf and uninformed.
WOW! You're #clueless on this one. Less than 100 permanent jobs. Oil is for export to China. Only profit is for #kochbrothers.
As @POTUS would say #FakeNews way to lock steps with a demagogue Your a Senator inform ourself
we are DONE with this - Clean jobs are what Americans WANT & Deserve.
.@senrobportman again, false. Keystone XL will poison waters. No guarantee they hire Americans. Not using US steel. Foreign oil company.
no it won't. It's bad for #America and the #environment stop pretending you care about #ohio or the GreatLakes
take it easy Andrew Jackson.
#Jobs! (plural)
10 or 15 permanent jobs, how much steel came or is coming from Russia? How much US? Not much.
Yet another awful position that you failed to mention on your Tele Town Hall. You work for OHIO not for your donors!
35 jobs. And built with Russian steel. Glad you're happy.
except that oil is not even being sold to Americans.
FTFY: #KeystoneXL will create  #35jobs & provide a less stable energy supply to help protect oil company profits. @OHDems
Only short term jobs. Alternative energy sources seem like a better investment.
once complete, it'll only create 35 jobs though, right!?
Do you just repeat these baseless assertions without even thinking about them? Try again.
So long as it doesn't break and spew oil all over our parks, farms, and water supplies. 
Aren't u taking dangerous chance that those jobs aren't in tar sand oil clean up?  Also, after construction,  few jobs left.
#KeystoneXL It creates very little jobs. It's damaging to our environment. Some things are more important than pipelines!
*to Canada
Think about the future. What climate do you intend to leave them? What democracy?
Did you forget all the pipeline leaks and lasting damage riddling Ohio, including your back yard? http://www.cincinnati.com/story/news/2016/12/01/great-parks-oak-glen-sunoco-settlement/94663464/ …
please use your influence for good, how about focusing on creating jobs in sustainable/renewable energy.
keystone will be made with Russian steel.  You don't have a problem with this?  I do.
And what is the downside? What is it doing to the environment? How many jobs? Is it really worth it?
You are nothing but a sell-out.  Who cares about clean water? Probably not your grandchildren who are going to inherit a mess
If you want to state a case, please provide relevant facts: how many jobs? At what risk? What alternatives were available??
#KeystoneXL is Canadian oil, Russian pipeline, Chinese steel, flowing through Native American land. #alternativefacts
35 jobs.
Lots of new EMS jobs when the thing leaks! Not to mention Superfund site cleanups, (if the fed still pays for that!)
No way in hell your writing these tweets!  36 permanent jobs...  nice job!
I didn't realize the XL was considered INFRASTRUCTURE! Finally, I can open the tap and get Hot and Cold  running CRUDE!!!
are you HIGH? This will benefit CHINA, no one else!
just because you keep saying it doesn't make it true #sorry
#KeystoneXL is not worth the cost the only planet we have.
I think you're mistaking oil for green energy sources.
No on both counts.  It sends Canadian oil to gulf for export.  Jobs are short lived.  Less than 40 long term
Quit with the bullshit. It's a short term gain for long term consequences.
pipelines leak more than disgruntled white house staff. Fact.
[stable. adj. not likely to give way or overturn; firmly fixed] as pipelines break and destroy planet
.@senrobportman what do you think is more important- a little more oil or a clean secure water supply?
, what about the risk of BP-Like spill/explosion?  Pipeline decisions are not solely about money.
the report I read said 35 PERMENANT jobs. Is that number correct Senator?
i thought you were all about protecting the environment though
BS
Prove you have no $$ stake in this, before you ask us to swallow it!
he does. Votesane Pac is his largest donor.  They also financially supported pipeline.
Dream on! What is wrong with solar cells to protect us from energy spikes? They are simple & clean and don't trash the earth!
can't believe I used to think you had integrity.
No it won't. Bet you can't provide one independent (from congress and keystone) that says it will.
do you have Swiss bank accounts?
When will you focus on providing a more livable environment to help protect against severe weather spikes and water needs
a few construction jobs and less maintenance jobs because the pipe has already been delivered from Russia
can you add an asterisk to that? *while destroying the environment for future generations
...like maybe 50 jobs. Don't lie. Seriously. Enough BS. This is about more $$ for 1%. Again. Period.  Solar creates jobs, too
less than 10k short term  jobs & no meaningful long term jobs according to Forbes.
There you are in your alternate universe again. 35 permanent jobs, pipeline being built with Russian steel.  Bad for the US!
it will, but that $$ could be going to tons of jobs creating sustainable energy sources instead of relying on fossil fuels.
how many jobs, senator? 35 is the number I hear. That's not worth the risk and destruction.
senator, we don't need more oil pipelines.  We need renewable energy and technology. Also, the estimated jobs is under 100.
you voted to sell our browser histories and you're silent on healthcare. Get it together, man.
I hope you'll be voting to protect our healthcare by not replacing ACA with something that covers few people and conditions.
Climate denial is propaganda funded by the rich, with devastating consequences for the rest of us:
Climate change has gone on BEFORE man made factories etc. That's why the Ice Age ended!
Hahahahaha...ok!? For sure. Dear Leaders State Department  just said 35 jobs. More, indeed.
such a lie!
i can't wait to watch you get voted out of office.
It creates 35 permanent jobs & can poison us all. If u cared u'd transition us to clean energy. But that wouldn't make u rich
.@senrobportman #KeystoneXL will cook the planet, endanger the water, and provide fewer jobs than investment in #smartgrid and #renewables.
how though?
35 more jobs. Which I guess isn't nothing...But it's not the big deal you're making it sound like.
just stop.
