Sadly, we believe @senrobportman and those girls need access to affordable health care and safe abortions. Save #PlannedParenthood.
Smoke screen, who can fault you for this slam dunk issue? A smoke screen as you vote for Betsy DeVos. Crony capitalism rules!
@IAmJaneDoeFilm we get it. R U getting that Ohio is against devos? Vote no on devos. Remember you work for us
- and, right here in America, your vote is purchased for $51,000. 
#DumpDevos
Just want to make sure that you are still on board with America's educators in voting NO for #BetsyDeVos Thank you
no to DEVOS. We are watching.
harder to believe than an US Senator who would sell out his state's students, schools and teachers? #noDevos
no it's not hard to believe. Look at the misogyny of our president and your fellow republicans. Women are objects to you.
as if you give a shit.
You want to combat sex-trafficking? GET AT-RISK GIRLS A DECENT EDUCATION. #DumpDevos
It’s hard to believe, but in our own White House a white nationalist is advising our game show host president.
female students are sexually assaulted on college campuses.Mrs DeVos Is apathetic.She also owes Ohio 5m
It's hard to believe right here, in American, our children's education is being sold to the highest bidder. Shame! #DumpDevos
And our senators are being bought right here in Ohio! http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/the-administration/317975-the-ethics-case-against-betsy-devos …
Maybe we should use education (not DeVoss) and not pussy grabbing presidents to help combat this disturbing issue #Watching
I bet Betsy Devos would approve. Do not confirm her. Please.
Rob, do not watch it read anything comparing charter schools to public, nothing bad... you just don't need to worry.
Vote no on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! No on De vos! Vote no on De vos!
hard to believe you and the rest of slimy GOP are ushering in a theocracy.  Vote no on DeVos and the rest!
NOT where I LIVE. Please don't undermine the only chance a lot of these girls have to avoid this life. #devos
Your own Senate.Maj Leader Norment wants 2 DECREASE punishment 4 producing child Porn!What's happening to GOP in Senate????
No to DeVos is a better way to ensure the girls are better educated and not subject to subrogation!
Could you focus on the elephant in the room and not try to distract us by this good deed while selling your soul to Trump?
It is harder to believe that 51k could buy Betsy DeVos your vote. Do the right thing for our children. No to DeVos.
vote no on Devos- froma constituent in 43054
You are selling our children to DeVos for money
Vote No on Betsy DeVos!
And our children are being "sold" to highest contributer. @Stand up;do the right thing. #DumpDevos
That's a horror.  But so is incompetent leadership #nodevossivote
and that we have a pussy graber as commander in chief- stand up to the monster named trump/pence
Thank you for your activism on this issue!
vote No to Devos! From 45208
Important issue? Yes. Crisis level? Not at the moment. @SenRobPortman, will you not align your priorities with your constituents'?
hope you will reconsider your position on #BetsyDeVos. I strongly believe there's a better candidate for the job #StopDevos
I appreciate your words on this cause. Don't deny the Ohioans that are asking you to vote #noDevos
it's hard to believe our public servants don't care about quality healthcare and access to abortion for women in America
hard to believe you're trying to take away our rights to legal abortion #WomensMarch
vote no on DeVoss. Education solves problems. Vote no or never get my vote in 2022.
That's your colleagues John McCains "nation of laws"!
well at least they will have a career to fall back on when the DeVos Ed Dept lets them down
and in our congress, votes are being bought and sold to put unqualified billionaires in key government jobs. #DumpDevos
Education is critical to stop this.  Vote NO TO DEVOS #StopDeVos
and the best defense for young girls is positive and excellent public education. Vote NO on DeVos
Hard to believe but Russia can change a US election and you don't seem to blink. #ImpeachTrump
Hard to believe but right here in America $51K buys a vote for an unqualified Ed. Secretary. #noDevos
Hard to believe but right here in America women are being sold to GOP who will take away their choice.
Trump is preemptively blaming judiciary attacks, comparing U.S. to Putin,Bannon on NSC and you tweet about noncontroversies
Many of them from Ukraine and other Baltic countries by Russian mafia. Investigate Trump's Russian ties. What are you doing?
A quality public education leading to strong vocational pgms or college can help stop this. Vote no on DeVos. We're watching.
also vote NO on GORSUCH &SESSIONS !!! Watching closely
Stop tweeting about everything non-DeVos. Are you voting against her - as you should - or not?
Girl's education is the single best defense against this sort of thing  and you are handing the Department over to a donor
Stand with Trump and you will eventually have to stoop. Trump wants to be a leader of servants not a servant leader.
you know what's harder to believe? That you could support someone as unqualified as DeVos.
Its tough being the new First Lady
.@senrobportman Hard to believe you support gutting #publiceducation. When #women & #children are educated society prospers. #noDevos
Let's start with better education. That begins with an absolute "No" on Betsy Devos.
Educated girls are smart girls. Don't sell them out. #NoDevos #DumpDevos
did you just get the memo about this issue. It's been happening for YEARS! Wake up and listen to ur constituents! NO on DeVos
How do you square your opinion here with a POTUS who brags about groping women? #Ohioiswatching  #CountryOverParty  #Resist
You fail to address other issues that are important. DeVos,ACA Immigration. You seem to hide behind 2 issues.
It is horrible! Ohio has a terrible reputation for caring for its women...you are part of the problem. Vote NO for #DeVos
Hard to believe you're selling the public education out from under America's kids for $51,000! 
Vesty devos thinks poor kids should work in mines and factories. That's childhood slavery. Vote no on Betsy
not really with a majority of Moral less human beings in charge
you know what would help stop that? Good public education that leads to tech training or college. Vote no on devos
old story. Get with today's topics. Abuse of power by socalledPotus.
And you are selling our children to DeVos and our country to Bannon and our environment to destruction SHAME on you.
true. And we can fix. Please talk about bigger issues. #DIVEST #investigatetrump #russianhacking #noBannon #TaxReturns
