This was taken in Ohio??
Nope, his office in DC!
Thx! Knew the answer to that question. Wanted him to know we were on to him!!
OCare death spiral is actively injuring people. GOP must act. With House, Senate & Potus in GOP hands, inaction is gross negligence.
OCare was sabotaged by Marco Rubio when he killed Risk Corridors. Republicans are killing OCare intentionally do they can give u "NoCare"
A federal court ruled against using unappropriated $$ to reimburse insurance companies. It's illegal for president to create his own funding
See the link I sent. Without govt payments when insurance co's lose money, the companies can't stay solvent. OCare forgot to get that money.
Because Obama gave up on the Single Payer system which is what Progressives want. OCare was Repub plan, implemented by Democratic Prez
They never included republicans at all.
Lies! It took 1 year to create ObamaCare and invited Republicans to join every meeting. If you aren't going to be honest, I'm done with u
Quote from US News World repoet 2010. "By blocking out the Republicans—not to mention House Democrats who object to what the Senate passed—"
Town hall please. Be courageous
When will you have a town hall? What about those of us that don't work for one of the "chosen" employers?
Will you talk to us in Ohio, or do we have to come to D.C. to  talk to our Senator? There's a recess in Aug. Plan one now.
When will you actually travel through Ohio & conduct town halls? #Resist
Here's an idea-listen to vm's which are full and answer the phone in DC office! @senrobportman
Where were these photos taken?
These were taken in DC.
And then you will be a lemming, and vote with other Republicans contrary to the wishes of your constituents on issues like healthcare.
Portman has only controlled meeting and hasn't had public town hall in 2017. Don't buy his lies about meeting people.
Why make your constituents go all the way to DC to speak to you? Did you even listen? @gringacongatos Thank you for making the trek!
Thanks Heidi! He didn't listen. Afterwards we sat in his office for an hour and a half asking 4 meeting w/him or Sr. staffers but nada.
Get rid of COMMON CORE too!!
Support the EPA and fight cuts to the agency. We love our clean air and water.
Since when, exactly have you been listening? #NoShowInCincinnati.
how about a meeting that doesn't cost hundreds of dollars and a day off work to attend
What a lie. You actively avoid constituents. Your offices don't pick up calls. Your offices don't return messages. #NoAHCA
Except this picture was taken in DC and these constituents took a bus because you wouldn't meet with them in Ohio.
It's bad form to lie to your constituents, Senator Portman.
These people had to come to YOU because you couldn't be bothered to meet with them at home, in Ohio. Conduct a town hall, you #coward.
Hi! (44048) Sorry, there seems to be a typo here. I think you meant constituents will continue to travel to DC to met with you.

You didn't even have the courage to go to your state to meet them.  They had to come to you.  Cobarde.
Please vote No on this so called health care bill. Sir, you will be turning your back on so many of your constituents. Stand up for us!!!
Where do you stand on Trumpcare?
I hope you will put the best interests of the people of Ohio that you represent first and #VoteNoAHCA
Do you Gus ever ever tell the truth?
Stop lying!  You couldn't make it any more obvious that you don't care one iota for Ohioans...unless they're a rich supporter of yours.
.Might you actually attend a REAL town hall -- not one with hand-picked attendees
Cool. These meetings will take place BEFORE you vote on the Senate's health care bill, right?
please vote NO. I know you care about our opioid crisis, don't take away the Medicaid lifeline
Vote no on TRUMPCARE!!!
to the new mean bill: just say NO! #HealthcareBill #ACHA improves nothing for OH. People will notice.
A short simple request:  Vote NO AHCA
@senrobportman love to discuss #healthcare w u. Since u don't speak TO ur ppl I'll remind u about the children u represent #rememberthem?
You are a liar. These pictures were taken in DC, of constituents that took a damn bus to look you in the eyes. #Coward
These people met you in DC because you wouldn't see them in Ohio.
This was in DC
Drug addiction is a disease, not a crime. It should be approached medically, not criminally
"Discussing" issues with them and then ignoring those concerns in favor of wealthy donors and for-profit health execs. #AHCA is a con job.
Hey Rob, this applies to you too....
But you don't listen to anyone that you meet?
They had to go to you for that meeting. You are too cowardly to meet with #Ohioans!
You mean with donors? Because no town halls have been scheduled.
You're scared to have real townhalls, half the time you can't get a phone call answered. Shame on you! Not the way to conduct yourself !
When have you had a town hall?  You are not meeting with constituents unless it is staged.  #repealandreplaceportman
Great way to combat #opiodcrisis -- don't turn Medicaid expansion and other ACA protections into tax cuts for millionaires. Keep your word.
Please oppose the AHCA. It is going to devastate so many people including my mother and myself. If you care please vote no.
Dear Sir, is a political victory 4 #Trumpcare & @SenateMajLdr more important than your constituents & 23 mil Americans?
WHEN IS YOUR TOWN HALL???
But when will you hold a town hall mtg, live, in person, and honest? #ShameOnYou
Um, those folks chartered a bus to meet with you in DC because you won't hold public meetings with constituents #STOPtrumpcare
You aren't meeting with your constituents unless they're confined to their job site.
This is a disingenuous tweet but we urge you to make this a reality please.  Please, protect our care & vote NO on AHCA.
How about fixing education funding in Ohio so some of the #problems you listed can be solved b4 they are problems #stopDeVos #illegalfunding
You were paid $382,000 to vote for #Trumpcare! $382,000 to kill 23 million Americans! More will die without opiod treatment!

Do not support repeal of ACA until replacement proves to be in the best interests of Ohio voters.
You're on the wrong side of history. You are labeled as one of the people in private voting to kill people who need medicine & dr visits.

.@senrobportman dying to discuss the healthcare bill with you. If only I could see it...
Don't cave.  Break with party and vote Trumpcare down.  If the leaks are true this is abysmal.  Shameful.



If you want to win reelection you had better embrace Mr Trump.
Everyone...use RESISTbot to FLOOD his office with mail and faxes.  Text RESIST to 50409; follow prompts.  FREE AND EASY TO DO

REMEMBER...YOUR JOB IS ON THE LINE!!!
DON'T CONTINUE TO BE PATHETIC AND COWARDLY!!!
DO THE RIGHT THING FOR OHIOANS ...NO TRUMPCARE UNLESS IT'S AT LEAST DONE THE RIGHT WAY!!!!
DO WHAT'S RIGHT!!!!!GROW SOME BALLS PORTMAN  AND STAND UP AGAINST THIS WRONGDOING BY MCCONNELL!!!!
THIS IS NOT HOW REAL LEGISLATION IS MADE!!!!
REPUBLICANS ARE WEAK IF THEY HAVE TO HIDE AND DO THIS IN SECRET!!!  SHAMEFUL!!!
EQUAL TIME TO REVIEW AND CBO EVALUATION!!!!!!
SHOW US THE BILL!!!!
NO TRUMPCARE!!!!!
Vote no on ahca We can't ignore that addiction is a healthcare crisis. Don't turn your back on the people that need it the most. 45220








No, you'll go to "selected" areas and talk circles around the tough issues. You know, just like you always do. #ShowUsTheBill you coward.


Don't defund Planned Parenthood, don't make abortions unobtainable for poor women, don't screw with Medicaid.
How about sharing that secret health care bill you're working on..
please vote against Trumpcare.
Your constituents are really tired of you ducking us at home - you should b meeting us here. Man up & talk with us! @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Here's the deal, you don't have to travel anywhere. We will come to you ! Town hall?
Thank you for showing concern and integrity. Please show Rep. Davidson how it's suppose to be done. He hides from the public.
That's odd. I've been checking you calendar every week, and you have no public meetings scheduled. Where and when exactly can we meet you?
Why do you blatantly lie? You are hiding from all but a few handpicked constituents because you're stealing their healthcare.
Can you please share with everyone where you stand on the AHCA? The secrecy from the @GOP rn is downright criminal.
Only they had to go to you in D.C. to be able to talk to you! #oh12 #addressOHIO
...and Healthcare! Why are you hiding this bill? This affects all of us. Please Senator
Can you post a schedule?
Have a TOWNHALL. Listen to constituents. Being able to reAd and discuss the bill is important
What.
Is.
In.
The.
Bill.
Ohioans flood Senator Rob Portman's DC office because he won't have a town hall in Ohio
Ohioans flood Senator Rob Portman's DC office because he won't have a town hall in Ohio https://www.pscp.tv/w/bBksSTFBbVF6Z2dMWEF3S2V8MU95SkFCWW93eU54YlSNvPLc_x0CCxUe9yxM_EBwLkzYPmMMiYnZ3xq20ouc …
Um, but we traveled to you BECAUSE you won't come to us. #OH2DC
You have power to vote NO on a bill without substantial Senate debates & open hearings. Vote NO on any bill covering fewer people than today
Solving the #opioidcrisis and voting for the ACHA are mutually exclusive. Vote for that garbage fire of a bill and you lose my vote in 2020
Don’t let Ohio lose $110M in vital CDC funding. Oppose the AHCA & #ProtectPrevention http://bit.ly/2sQwQcy 
Don’t let Ohio lose $110M in vital CDC funding. Oppose the AHCA & #ProtectPrevention http://bit.ly/2sQwQcy 
Sen. Ron Johnson warns that without sufficient time to publicly review GOP health care plan,"I won't be voting yes".You need to do the same.
You believe him? Just like McCain & the rest of the phonies he'll be trying to be first to vote "yes" while kissing DJT's ass. Today's GOP!
without good affordable health care it is all meaningless
You say that but why don't you have a public town halls anymore
Discuss healthcare by showing us your healthcare bill.
There's a reason you endorse .@RepDaveJoyce #likeminds #TrumpRussia
This is the definition of lip service.
Oh yeah ........ when was the last time you where in N W Ohio ????   #Mean
Good morning Senator- I'm a Dem and I voted for you. Please vote NO on the health care repeal. Protect your fellow Buckeyes. Thank you.
How much money do we need to pay you for meeting with your constituents?  I hear it's about $51,000!  Sound about right!
So glad to hear you are willing to talk to us about healthcare. What is in the bill?
Holding any open group talks? Holding any 'unscheduled' and 'non-selected' attendees gatherings??? In other words, open to ALL CONSTITUENTS?
The only constituents you'll meet are the ones that greet you with money.
Are you going to keep doing this at workplaces where employees don't feel safe being candid?
When are you coming to meet with Clevelanders?  We live in Ohio too.
Are you going to release a schedule of these events? Make them open to all Ohioans? Because so far you aren't
when you comming to wayne county?
Who will you meet with in Ohio?
When will you be discussing issues with your constituents in Columbus? I'd love to be there. Is there a public schedule I can reference?
Can you list your public appearances schedule? I have q's and I can't get through to you offices. Just VM, but no one calls me back.
How about a Town Hall that's open to constituents? #stophiding #doyourjob #oratleastanswerthephone
When will you be in Dayton? Are your meetings open to public!
The video lead me to believe these constituents traveled 6 hours to see you, not the other way around. Might wanna get your story straight
Vote NO on AHCA
Please decline the Republicans Health Care, there package does not fit for the Average Americans Everyone has something preexisting
Have you been allowed to see the American Healthcare Act?
He is one of the thirteen older white men supposed to be writing it
When I talked to his staffer today they said he's not writing it.
Well that's comforting
Could you release an itinerary with town halls?
Thank you Senator. Please vote NO on the senate bill for #healthcare. It is counterproductive to your work on the #opioidcrisis.
Would you care to tell us what's in that health care bill?
... as long as I can remain in sanitized environments that don't allow constituents to gather in any real numbers.
Why did you hide from constituents this morning that drove from columbus
Ohioans beg you for a real opportunity to engage on a public, non-scripted level. All you do is tweet innocuous feel good notes.
But you don't-you hold meetings at friendly businesses and contrived social media events. You can't operate without McConnell safe space...
Why give a forum to paid/organized protestors and their liberal media hacks?
Way to regurgitate conservative talk radio bunk. I'll show my DL or even my tax returns to get into on Ohio town hall with #robbiesafespace
