If you understood anything, it would be that the tax code rewards activist investors for taking bizs overseas. Full reform isn't needed!
Puerto Rico in dire trouble. Ohio's white supremacist Senator has nothing but praise for the white supremacist @potus. Shame
#SilentRob
How about all those coming here to US on work visas bcuz companies can't find talent? There is talent & unemployed! They don't want to pay!
No, corporate and CEO greed is the cause of that.
We need #TaxFairness at home. You & I and many others who are better off, need to pay MORE TAXES. Support #FEMA, #CDC, other govt entities.
Bullshit Rob. Companies are looking for the cheapest labor to exploit so they can pocket the most profits. That's all.
So you open up tax loopholes overseas and you expect them to bring the money BACK? What kind of fantasy world do you live in?
One where tax cuts pay for themselves and trickle down economics doesn't cause a recession.
#SinglePayer or #UniversalHealthcare would allow small businesses to flourish and expand. Your #TaxReform priorities should include this.
You are so out of touch with your constituents.  Tax reform is not a priority for us.  Trickle down doesn’t work and hasn’t for 30 years...
Will you ever focus on what people are concerned about?  He are some hints health care, PR, Russia. You have no spine. We won’t forget.
We could penalize them for going overseas.
It does, so let's tax the shit out of poor people.
Honestly dude could you please stop with this. I don't want to hear about tax reform. There is one thing that needs attn and that's PR.
You'd be wise to take out Trump. Your chances of success of selling this to the American people is zero with Trump. #RacistRob
I am NOT a racist! I tolerate racists because I am a coward.
Your point is well taken......COWARD!!!
Rob, pay attention.  Corporations have more cash in their piggybanks right now than they have in 10 years. Are they reinvesting? NO
It's also why we have so many drug recalls. The pharmaceutical company manufacturing infrastructure is all post-WWII build. Needs fixing.!!!
Spot on @RayVra.  While not the only cause of shortages the failure to invest in manufacturing has been a big problem
If your concerned about jobs going overseas, maybe you should penalize activist investors for taking companies out of America!
Nope
2 Biggest GOP Lies on Taxcuts:
They'll:
1•Create jobs
2•Benefit the poor and mid class
3•Pay for themselves

..3 Biggest GOP Lies on Taxcuts
Nope, try again...from a registered Republican for 40 years
Companies/corporations get enough benefits. The are NOT people. Again, middle class take the brunt in this plan. Trickle down redux.
Like Trump's companies?
Our current tax code allows for major corporations and very wealthy to pay next to nothing or nada legally.  Close the loop holes.
Please tell us all the ways Corporations get to reduce their tax burden. Then tell us how middle class get to. I'll wait 
And your solution is to give them MORE money that they'll pocket - like they've always done? Bad Republican math at work, once again.
Right so all the corporations can buy back their stocks. Trickle down is a lie.
You think it’s encouraging to companies looking to invest in the US to elect someone like Roy Moore?
Promising companies to pay nothing in taxes while paying employees nothing is not a good deal for middle class families. I don't think so!

If everyone is sick or dumb, no one has the energy or smarts to get rid of the crooks in power. Great plan GOP. Too bad we see your crap
Why are you talking about taxes when people are dying in Puerto Rico? You should be working on funding to help them.
Like Trump’s businesses?
Where did ending the Estate Tax idea blossom? four-fifths of the relief goes to those with income above $1 Mil a year. Release tax return

They leave because of wages, Senator.  Not everyone gets to make $175K for doing nothing.
Curious have companies investing oversees committed to you to bring investments back and take cuts to create more jobs?  Or is this a hope?
you are only interested in making the rich richer
Liar. You are supporting a gay hating, gay bashing cruel man by the name of Roy Moore, for tax breaks. How does your son feel about that?
Brownback's tax experiment in Kansas was a disaster. Don't force it on the rest of us. #BrownbackDisaster #TaxReform
the senate approves a russain banker for a doj job?

Then why are you supporting a tax code that eliminates taxes on foreign income for corporations?
No cheap labor does!  Be honest!
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Hope you encourage #YOURPOTUS brings his businesses back #MAGA 
No it doesn’t. It encourages them to make even more profit for themselves & stockholders. Trickle down doesn’t work. Period.
work on balancing the budget first. Start with cutting trump`s folly of a wall we don`t need it and it useless
why won’t they now? profits are at record highs
Are there people that believe this shit? And if so, are they interested in a bridge I'm selling?
and the one that trump is pushing the rich get richer and the poor keep getting screwed
Please ask the President to release his tax returns.
It's a win win
It’s not about what’s good for your party or your own interests. It’s about what helps average to low income Americans and this plan fails.
Make the 1%pay their fair share.  Instead of screwing over the middle class
Comments on trump's racist rant against starving citizens?
#CHIPS Your tax breaks for the wealthiest can wait, Senator.
You can tell a lot about a society by how we treat the most vulnerable. What does it say when kids' health takes a backseat to tax reform? https://twitter.com/brucelesley/status/913196081646903301 …
Why don’t u help rally up all ur @GOP Cronies & help the people of # PuertoRicans Denounce stupid @POTUS & help.The Tax Reform can wait

Evidence shows that tax cuts for the rich help the rich accumulate wealth, but don’t do anything for economic growth http://brook.gs/2d4HyCW  
#TrumpTaxScam. C'mon, Robbie, we all know you want to fleece normal people so the rich get a tax cut.
Our markets decide more than taxes. If you taxed corporations zero they would still flee for cheap labor.
If you support this president & any party willing to devastate & kill Americans, then you are not an honorable man.
How about you do something to help Puerto Rico? And while you're at it, condemn the President for his tweets this morning
How will repealing the estate tax help? Looks like a way to compound wealth, and further stratify our society. DJTs family wins, w/o working
We can do a better job of messaging, like Republicons have done for years.

It's not the "estate tax", it's the "brat tax".
Maybe they would if the federal government stopped deporting or banning everyone who wants to move here for a better life.
Let’s travel around the #US together with the #Congress and talk to people about what they need from this tax code. Join me and let’s travel true America, so the congress gets the right picture?
'Encourage' is the operative word.  Will corporations really play ball and bring back jobs thru #TaxReform ?
If I told you the truth, the Koch bros would put me in a barrel of acid. I am a coward.
Paul Ryan's tax plan robs the middle class and gives to the wealthy in a ponzi scheme of reverse Robin Hoddism. You should be ashamed. #KochBrothersOwned
Wasn't it GOP legislation that paved the way to moving jobs overseas? GOP legislation that gave tax breaks to these corps?
Who wrote that part of it?
The average effective corporate tax rate (what they pay after deductions) is 12%. Average citizen rate? 13.5%
Need to close loopholes that encourage the jobs to go overseas!!!
SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
It's not the fault of the tax code. It's the fault of those who aren't willing to pay into our system at the cost of some profit. #taxreform
All the While Trumps are all overseas Bravo 
Because it is , these guys think we’re stupid because we didn’t inherit millions

