Not true works for a great many of us
I am a psychiatrist and am shocked that the new Senate health care bill still excludes mental health as a covered service
hi I'm a small biz owner in OH & I am terrified of losing health coverage if ACA is repealed. Talk to yr constituents, not yr rich GOP pals
Were these families better off without health insurance?
But you won't cop to the sabotage. Just the fallout. Using that as an excuse to get rid of something you never wanted passed.
the people of OHIO not for tax breaks for the rich. Please vote for the poor people of Ohio and keep Medicaid  and ACA. Thank you
Then fix it
It is working for most of us. Please work with Dems to fix it. #SaveACA
This is mostly Republican propaganda.  Trump's destabilization of markets has contributed much to this.  Fund ACA and make it stable
But try as you might to ignore it, people want you to make ACA better not repeal. Look at the numbers. They are not on your side.
The ACA needs work. Your plan will be far more detrimental to Ohioans, and will make the opioid addiction crisis worse. Kill the bill.
Not be reelected to the Senate. You have to vote the WILL of the people of Ohio, and that would be to keep Obamacare. Just fix it not
1/ I'm a #smallbiz owner w/a child w/spina bifida using wife's emplyr-provided ins. She works 60+ hrs/week. Our goal is to grow my biz
How will TrumpCare help you? Or will it help at all?
Oh so NOW you wants to talk about "choice"...(rolls eyes)... #prochoice #Abortionishealthcare #OhioStandsWithPP
How about return health insurance to preww2. We would be in better shape if we could choose like auto insurance
Tons of reasons here to still oppose the bill. Protect Ohio's kids, families, mentally ill, & aging from destabilizing Medicaid cuts. #OHNO
So do you agree w @VP that 60k Ohioans are waiting in line for Medicaid?
Then why not tell your president to stop withholding funds to subsidize   And maybe if your party hasn't created uncertainty in the market?
Then work hard to help fix it!! Now!
Repeal please. Stand w.Rand, Cruz & Lee
Not sure who's telling you this. Your constituents seem to think it's working better than what's on the table.
Don't go there cuz next thing u say u will vote that POS bill in
Agree.  So help support expansion and competition (a good American priority ) instead of undercutting ACA
You work for the people. All of us. Do your job and listen to them. Make ACA better. Your plan is a disaster.
Replace it with THC which is much worse than ACA.Sen. Portman this is about more tax breaks for the rich not about healthcare, so vote for
the rich people in America. Sen. Portman are you retiring soon or do you still want to be a Senator, because if you vote for THC you will
Your plan will increase costs more. We will see 5-10 years from now and you'll dodge the blame. More importantly, thousands will die. 2/2
Correct.  Put all Americans on the FEHBP for 5 years which means O'Care can be fully repealed. Choice in HC is restored.
how is this new bill going to address any of that??
Medicare also to pay if you are in a nursing home. I understand that all people are on Medicaid when in a nursing home.Can you kill to help
Too complicated in a tweet, but to cover our population everyone has to buy in. If they don't premiums will skyrocket. Fix the ACA. 1/2
So your idea is to make it 20 times worse. fix it now!!!!
if the new health care bill in current form.. and it will pass with YOUR VOTE! Ohio (Rob Portman): 396,300 people losing Medicaid
Because you and your cronies sabotaged it. Fix the ACA, and do not support this revised bill. Also, pick up calls from your constituents!
Do you really want to put 22million people to lose there  healthcare so the rich people will get richer. When you are old you will need
Republicans and Democrats need to work together to fix Obamacare. Not to repeal but to repair what we have , it only makes sense. REPAIR!!!!
People in nursing homes will not be able to stay there for the cost. People won't be able to get there medicines. People in Ohio will DIE.
Please support the ACA over Trump care. Ohioans will not be able to afford THC . Ohioans on Medicaid will not be able to paid the added cost
Okay. Then fix it. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water, you coward.
Sen. Portman the ACA is far better then Trump care. I am from Ohio and I know the AC A needs some help. But is much better  then THC.
So, are you going to vote to repeal ACA? Or haven't you gotten enough hard working, taxpayers' dollars for your fake disease of addiction?
You are cuttin MEDICAID! Period!  No matter what spin you put on it. You personally are cutting MEDICAID!
ACA has a framework upon which work can be done. Instead of partisan BS, why can't somebody in GOP grow up and lead a bipartisan effort.
Citizens love out @POTUS and support him 100%! Get Fedgovt out of healthcare!
GET DJT budget passed and nominations approved! @SenateGOP
No CBO score on Cruz amendment?  Conveniently submitted too late.  This is unacceptable.  Vote NO. PROTECT Ohioans. Fix ACA.
The ACA has its issues, but at its base it provides all Americans with healthcare. Make it better!  Don't hurt Ohioans more!!!
Vote NO on Medicaid cuts. Focus on bringing down healthcare costs, not uping profits for insurance  companies & their overpaid execs.
Full repeal....no tax and replace with tort reform.  No illegals on it. Lots of choice.Affordable care with reform of insurance companies.
So you are giving up and jumping onto the bandwagon.
The ACA is working for millions in Ohio including the owners of small biz. Improve don't repeal & replace. #ForOurPatients
Premiums and deductibles were going up prior to ACA. Work on fixing ACA, not destroying it and replacing it with something worse
So just straight up repeal it like you've promised to do for 7 years.
This is purely untrue.
How much lower must America go? We now have a President that is so immoral...don't do his bidding. Who have we become? Be bipartisan.
Be American!
Are you voting yes or no on the new bill?
time for a one-payer system of healthcare. would cost less than the price of one failing F-35.
Wrong! Most Ohioans benefit from ACA protections, Medicaid exp
If you vote yes on this bill it shows where your loyalties lie, and they're not with the people of Ohio. #voteNO
Please vote NO! Protect your constituents & all Americans.  Be tough! Have courage to vote your conscience & you WILL see massive support!
Fix it. We all know it's fixable.
This Ohioan will lose her coverage under your bill. You've had 7.5 years to fix ACA and this bill is the result? Vote no  #trumpcarekills
(2/2) women & pre-existing conditions. ACA is the best y'all could do before, so don't give us worse just to prove a point. #voteno
(1/2) Then regulate insurance companies, don't allow them to care more about $$$ than health. This bill hurts the old, disabled, children...
2/ So she could leave if she chooses. BCRA would destroy our risk pool, making ins unaffordable for us regardless of how I grow my #smallbiz
It saved my life and keeps me alive. YOU are responsible for choice limitation from threats. In meantime, Ohioans are at risk!
Then fix the insurance markets and leave #Medicaid for the #disabled out of it. Thank you
Please get on board for Repeal and Replace. Hear what Conservative Rand Paul has been saying. Be Strong!
...as GOP scuttles it from within.  Guess you're not interested in solutions, just blame.
The ACA can work, and has helped millions of people in Ohio and across the US. Do what is right for your fellow Americans. Fix it. #saveACA
Getting rid of it will also not work for many Ohioans who will see their healthcare disappear!
Passing this bill would only make things worse. Vote NO. Your constituents don't deserve to have their lives decimated.
This bill is awful!!  Vote NO!  Don't hate the poor and sick.
Have you forgotten the Republican
Party Platform?

https://www.facebook.com/JeffersoncountyOhio …
I have better & cheaper benefits w/ ACA than what my company offered! Definitely working for me & I hope u don't vote to take it from me!
Lost me with DeVos
You keep pushing this narrative,but it's FALSE--and 80% of the American people know it's FALSE.The ACA works & would work better if U fix it
#trumpcare is not the answer. Fix #ACA or go to #Singles #SinglePayer get insurance companies out of healthcare
Maybe because it's been sabotaged every step of the way. Fix it !
Let's count the number of tweets in favor of this bill
IYa don't oppose Trump TREASON your complicit
But it is working for many. Let's fix it.  Please reach across the aisle and work for the people. #PeopleOverrProfits
What's not working can be fixed. Maybe the problem isn't entirely with the law. Fix it rather than subbing in a harmful replacement.
#killthebill how can you can you continue to support McConnell's horrible bill? Any concessions to OH will be a drop in the bucket.
GOP has been sabotaging it by creating instability and then turning around and complaining it's falling apart.
The #BCRA leaves millions without care or subject to bankruptcy by allowing denial of affordable coverage. #KillTheBill #RepairDontRepeal
How can any elected official purposely vote against the vast majority of their constituents? $! That's how. Don't you have enough? Fix ACA.
Read your responses. Your constituents are on to you and your corrupt party. Do the right thing for once and fix the ACA. Don't repeal it.
We want universal healthcare. In one of the worlds wealthiest countries, the heath needs of all citizens should be guaranteed.
The new bill won't work for MOST FAMILIES. Figure out a better bill before killing millions of Americans. #killthebill
"No matter how many drafts Senate Republicans release, their "health care"bill has same overriding flaw – takes coverage away from millions"
Of course it needs to be tweaked. Fix what exists please!
This new bill would totally destabilize the healthcare market. All major insurers have said so. The medicaid cuts are still very real.
7 yrs to develop a plan that would be better. Haven't seen it, Find one, vote no on trumpcare NOW. Be brave
Exactly!  Support #smallbiz
So make changes. Propose meaningful, viable change. The senate bill is not a winner. Goes against everything you say is important.
Then FIX the ACA. The approach being taken by your colleagues will be devastating to hundreds of thousands in Ohio.
Everything you accuse ACA of is #TrumpCare & worse. #CBOScore: 22M+ Americans lose HC & $720B deficit in 2027. Vote NO if you give a damn.
So fix it! Obamacare can be fixed. I think u guys just want to get rid of it! It's all political,  not about ppl lives $
In your mind how many is many? It's actually working for many,many,many. Vote no on the new bill.
Not perfect , but has allowed myself and many others to start a #SmallBiz  by providing availability of quality coverage. #fixitdontnixitaca
Y becuz destabilization of tmarket becuz of the administration  Fix it, isn't working is better than dying! On your hands if it passes.
We don't need insurance. We need healthcare.
ACA far from perfect but even in current form far better than what is being proposed by GOP. Put all Ohioans ahead of party #voteno
Let's be honest, the main part of the ACA that isn't working for Reps is that it was written by a Dem. Life or death shouldn't be partisan!
But what of the #opioidcrisis ? #Putin and @POTUS don't care.

Do you?  Vote no.
It IS working for a lot of people too.  By all means, improve it, but don't replace it with something that only makes things worse.
TALK TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
I work for a Fortune 500 comp...have a $6k fam deduct; then they  pay 80%. A serious illness or injury will wipe us out. This is America now
Every year for me!
Fraud.
If the new version is so much better, why is Congress EXEMPT from it?  It reduces funding for addiction, which you said you cared about.
ACA works for my son..job doesn't offer ins. With a pre-ex cond, who will insure him and how much will he pay under trumpcare? Vote NO!
Republicans aren’t funding the laws. I think that should be against the law. Fund ACA, and forget it was started by a black man. Grow up.
The ACA is failing because Republicans have destabilized the market.  It can be fixed.  Quality Health care is a right of all Americans.
So come up with a better plan than trump care.
Help to fix it not gut it! What about the jobs in healthcare please don't cave..stay strong voteNO
Fix it. Don't just do as Fearless Leader says.
Senator Portman, the new bill is awful and you're exempt from it.  Vote No!
It sure is working well for my brother in law and his genetic kidney "pre existing condition ". Make the ACA work don't replace with trash.
Maybe because the administration threatened to withhold payments and companies got scared, pulling out. How about you fix that instead?
The #AHCA will make it worse.  Vote No and get to work on something that will work.
Sounds like you are flipping your decision. Bad decision. We DO NOT WANT tRumpcare. SAY NOOOOOOOOO TO tRumpcare!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Then work with the entire senate and fix it. It could have been done years ago. It is immoral to cut healthcare from millions. Vote no sir
Any why about the other side of this, it works for a lot of people. Tell their story
It was supposed to include a Public Option. REMEMBER? Who killef that idea?
Bottom line; Don't change it until you have a truly comprehensive replacement.
Premiums were artificially low:
If you think premiums/ deductibles are bad now, wait until sick people need real insurance & stuck with the Cruz high risk pools #saveACA
and stand up for us! This administration doesn't know what it is doing. Please go beyond party politics and serve Ohio
Really? I have a lot more choices since the ACA was passed. And premiums were skyrocketing well before. Try again.
forego tax cuts
indeed. Prices too high. However new bill not sufficient. Don't vote for it. Please. I need my healthcare
Ohio. Doesn't. Want. Repeal. Do your job and fix it. Don't throw a tantrum just because the Dem/black guy made it.
Fact: The ACA is working for more than it's not. #Ohio #smallbiz
ACA isn't perfect, but it's gross you won't admit that GOP meddling is what's responsible from insurers leaving exchanges.
Then fix it! Geez, you all are supposed to be so smart.... (Smacks forehead!)
Uh-oh. Are we getting close to throwing Ohioans under the bus, now that Mitch wants a vote?
As an Ohio small business I ask you to improve ACA. Ridiculous to start over.
But it is working! The #ACA with Medicaid expansion has provided health coverage for over 1M Ohioans. Please vote NO on senate HC bill
#OhioVoter
So tweak it. Fix it. Don't sentence poor and working class sick people to bankruptcy and death.
Do not cave! Vote NO on revised bill. Bad for sick people, poor people. Great for rich people. Instead FIX ACA!
Then let's fix the problems of the existing system rather than replace with completely new system?
The ACA isn't the problem, your obstructionist party is.  Vote no.
Fix it then. Don't go for a worse plan like the one proposed today. Please figure out how to improve what we have. 43512
Boo, you've been bought...
Senator, the answer lies in fixing the ACA, not destroying it, especially not via proposed bill which keeps coverage for you!
#killthebill Vote No!
Help fix it. Don't take Medicaid away from disabled kids!
It worked for my family when we needed it.
Don't do it - do not support BRCA!
In that case work with Dems to #MendDontEndACA. Pls explain how #BCRA is better for Ohio fams & small biz. I don't think you can bc it isn't
What about the people who will lose insurance through the Republican bill? Work with Democrats and fix this the right way. #NoTrumpCare
And what's with the small biz hashtag? You will kill small business if this passes. You're not fooling anyone!
It's working for my diabetic husband. You know this is wrong! Your hoping it gets worded so you're not the bad guy. But you will be
And the Senate bill is demonstrably worse. Work with Democrats to fix the ACA. They work with you once the threat of repeal is gone
Record sign ups. Try again.
Just stop with the " ACA isn't working" You ACTUALLY THINK WHAT YOUR DOING BEHIND CLOSED WILL? You actually want to be That Guy?
What abt the many families who wouldn't have any healthcare if not for ACA. Needs of many override needs of few. Defending YES vote???
So crappy insurance is answer? No pre-existing condition protection? Raising charge limits on older Americans? Obliterating Medicaid? #LIAR
Stop drinking the Trump Kool Aid. I'm so over @GOP to give tax cuts to the wealthy & to kill the middle class it's ridiculous!
STOP! This is old news. Don't you dare try to justify cuts to Medicaid & a tax cut for the wealthy & a bare bones plan this isn't the answer
You are confusing the ACA with the jacked-up Market that you and your fellows have allowed by deregulating it.
Medicare for all type plan is the answer you are looking for. GOP plan makes situation worse. #OH12
Come on, Rob. Talk about the GOP's sabotage of the ACA. Tell us about fixing the obvious flaws in BCRA. Country before party, please.
The new Trumpcare bill is NOT THE ANSWER!!! Work with Dems and fix ACA... vote NO
No Rob. Insurance premiums were skyrocketing well before ACA. It slowed and capped increases. You are lying. #IamsmallOhiobiz
That's because the GOP killed the risk corridor, making it too expensive, then scared them off by threatening ACA repeal.
It's not the ACA. It's our healthcare system. Keep adding and fixing it instead of gutting it. Progress, please. No BCRA. Ever.
Maybe we need another congressman like sherrod brown in 2020. Hmm
Well what about that handy little health care bill exemption you gave yourselves. Keep spewing GOP rhetoric. I had such high hopes for you
And now this new bill has an exemption for congress No. You use what you force us to use
Premiums up similarly b4 ACA. Give small biz breaks by #SinglePayer.
Don't believe the hype, @senrobportman. Vote for this heap of cruelpidity at yr career's peril. Don't trust Mitch; he dsn't care like we do
Then fix it and work to create a bill that would give MORE people insurance, not leave millions without the healthcare they have now.
So fix it don't just take it away from those for whom it works. Get your priorities in line with the needs of your #constituents
Revise and re-energize it then, new GOP Bill not the answer. Is your disdain for poor and elderly so high that you'd sell soul for new bill?
So get something done
Senate bill is not the answer.    We are counting on you to save healthcare for Ohio and the country.
.You party has been taking steps that are destabilizing the market. YOU have the power to fix that.
Repeal, don't replace. That will fix the problem.
The ACA is working quite well for about 700,000 newly insured Ohioans. TrumpCare endangers them! #VoteNo #ProtectOurCare
Please listen to your constituents! We want you to fix the current system, not trash it. Build on this base. It's solid, just like Ohio!
Full repeal only!!!!!!
This latest incarnation of a GOP bill is a disaster. It will leave Ohioans in worse shape. Do not support this bill. We need #MedicareForAll

WORK with DEMOCRATS to FIX it!!!! #WeSeeYou #WeHearYourLies
Then pass t HCBILL that will give us all more choices! Stop holding back on repeal &private sector coming N& giving us something wecanafford
2 main issues with Healthcare = Access & Cost.  TrumpCare makes both issues WORSE. No vote for TrumpCare! ObamaCare provided access 2 many
