1/ You're knowingly facilitating the takeover of this country by an authoritarian. You're knowingly facilitating the harm to millions...
of Americans if you vote to repeal & replace the ACA. If it isn't "good enough" for you and your family, then it isn't good enough for...
anyone else. You're an embarrassment to Ohio and the oath you took.
Silence = Complicit = Guilt
No conscience. No character.
#FakeAmericans 
#Hypocrites
#FakeChristians
What took you so long to act?
Too bad these girls will not have access to healthcare thanks to your vote today, @senrobportman
Yes, that is awesome! Super important. But today, just today, please concern yourself with healthcare. ACA helped me pay for chemo! Please.
.@senrobportman

Keep calling, Ohio!!!

http://portman.senate.gov/public/index.c …

And you should be held accountable for making Rape a preexisting condition. #shame #killthebill
Good Rob.  How will you vote today on a HC bill you have not seen not read and no CBO score ? Vote No!
If a liberal democrat says no, you better vote yes...
How do you plan to make sure the victims get the healthcare they need under Trumpcare?
Why discuss #Backpage in public when you won't discuss stripping millions from healthcare?
You work for the people, not the President. Any person who votes on a bill without knowing whats in it can't be trusted and needs voted out
Fraud.
We see you senator
Pathetic attempt at deflection, intern.
This is great news! Also protect our healthcare! Work w dems to fix #ACA help protect all Americans #leadership
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? #RequestTallyNo.657
a yes vote will be the end of your career
It will continue, so will opioid, and fentanyl. With illegals permitted in States. Medicaid/Medicare are cut, for all Americans.
U R not answering calls, u r not telling us how you're going to vote. Seriously, what do we pay you for if you hide when things get tough?
What sort of healthcare will these girls get now? How will they be able to pay for it?
Vote NO on motion to proceed on Trumpcare that will strip away healthcare from millions.
Please vote to ensure that survivors of trafficking are able to continue to get the health coverage they need.
It's all the website... Not the monsters who do it. Creating a easy to Target boogie man.
Any comments to this Ohioans who have been holding YOU accountable on the MTP vote? #VoteNoToTrumpCare #VoteNoMTP
Vote NO, Senator. #Trumpcare #TrumpcareKills #GOPcare #GOPcarekills
Awful process. Awful bill. Today's the day you were elected for - to  ignore the KOCH/PAC $$ and STAND WITH US. It's pass or fail. VOTE NO!
GOP says they are too stupid to figure out SINGLE PAYER. 20 allies of USA figured it out. @SenateGOP  @SenateDems
Why can't we fax you @senrobportman ? When will you accept your constituents faxes? Better yet, have a Townhall! We NEED to talk. #Save32Mil
Enjoy your vacation..It's going to be a long one establishment swamp dweller...WE WON'T FORGET
Is now a good time to remind people that one of 45's good friends and close business partners was arrested for child sex trafficking? 
Well make sure you vote no today because these girls need healthcare now!
The companies that make the opiods lied about their effectiveness and safety. You accccepted contributions from them. Who is accountable?
thank you.  time to take down #Backpage
Tried to call your offices today, Left message in DC,  couldn't get through in Columbus. Vote no on ACA repeal/replace-my family needs ACA!
@GOP you are accountable for your own sexual preadator in chief. You failed my 3 daughters and 3 sons when you looked the other way
#VoteNo
Vote NO today.

Full repeal of BOcare now.
Rob's doing what he was told to do and Voting for the motion to proceed on health care. He always tries to distract with human interest
stories when he's about to do something awful.
VOTE YES SENATOR,  JUST LIKE 2015, JUST LIKE YOU SAID TO GET ELECTED! ! VOTE YES!
Vote no today
An important effort, but is this really the day to be talking about it? You must vote NO on today's MTP. Lives in Ohio depend on it!
Your fight to protect these victims tells me you're a good man. Please vote NO on health care repeal today to protect all of us.
This is great that you are raising awareness -- but don't you also want health care for these young women and girls?  #VoteNoBCRA
You're right. And you will be held accountable if you vote yes today. Lives hang in the balance.
Country vs. party? Life vs. death? Care vs. lack of care? Compassion vs. non? GOP vs. your Ohio constituents? Choose wisely.
PLEASE VOTE NO TODAY. Thank you.
Vote no today. #44236
Thanks for this important work. But I am dumbfounded why u continue to tweet on issues besides h-care. The vote is TODAY. Please vote NO.
Vote no on #Trumpcare
Please vote no!
Please VOTE NO today on healthcare!!!!
So did Trumps biz partner. Do better.
I want ur promise of a NO vote on TrumpCare. No selling out Ohioians, or our countrymen 4 even more tax cuts for the 1%.
Which #Backpage Healthcare bill are y'all gonna vote on, grifters?
Your silence on healthcare and Trumps lack of decency at the bsa jamboree tells me a ton about you.
good on ya, Rob!!!
"No" on today's motion to proceed, thank you.
#VoteNoMTP
Thank you for all of your important work on this. Now don't vote to deny these victims access to treatment and health care!
Exactly VOTE YES. OBAMACARE IS A NIGHTMARE!!
Trump Models got shut down this past April amidst a bevy of scandals that include slave working conditions, undocumented work, & extortion.
Today of all days requires a tweet or statement about healthcare Rob. A political novice would know that. Do you stand with Ohio or GOP?
Ohio and GOP, vote YES!!
please vote NO on motion to proceed!
I appreciate the awareness you're raising for this. Let's make sure these girls have access to the physical and mental healthcare they need
Please vote no on the motion to proceed today. You cannot vote to continue any action on a bill that only allows input from a select few.
Glad this issue is getting tackled as human trafficking has substantial rise. In all seriousness, I hope u investigate Trump Models as well.
Vote NO Today please on Trumpcare. Improve ACA not repeal or replace.
Don't vote to kill me today
Vote no today. Over 85% of ohioans want to KEEP OBAMACARE.  Don't be responsible for their deaths.
ALL OF YOUR OFFICE VMAIL IS FULL so please please please do NOT vote on this bill that you don't even know what is in it
What about healthcare, Mr. Portman?? Are you going to vote to rip it away from millions??
Please vote no on motion to proceed today. Thanks, Your constituent
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
6- What could you possibly negotiate @robportman that would be worth making health care much more expensive for everyone? 
