Will you fight today for the most vulnerable & their healthcare? #NoAHCA VOTE NO TODAY.

Sincerely, a constituent.
Fight for the Health Care of all Americans, Senator. Our health is an even more precious resource.
Like your vote for epa chief? But seriously, please vote to keep equal, affordable access to quality healthcare for Ohio
Vote NO! Do not repeal ACA.
DO NOT vote for the ACA repeal! There is currently no plan. What will you be voting for?
Ok, and I agree that is super important, but how are you voting on healthcare today? Please don't vote for a mystery bill.
please fight for healthcare too. The proposed bill is not the answer!
If @realDonaldTrump can't be a boy scout, you must! Please vote no on the #AHCA!!
How's that?Deregulating and kissing corporate a** won't do that senator. You really disappoint me talking from both sides of your mouth.
Vote no on whatever version of healthcare is up Listen to Governor Kasich. All the versions are bad for Ohio.
It is a mistake for the Senate to proceed with a vote on Tuesday. 
I live in Geauga County and I'm asking the Senator to vote no. #VoteNoMTP, #VoteNoBCRA #SaveACA
We need to know if you're voting to proceed on this healthcare bill. Ambiguity is not an option. Better vote "no" - cause this is insane.
#VoteNo today! People over politics!
Will this somehow make up for your vote on health care today?  Ummmm...NO. and I'm a tree hugging environmentalist. You are sad Sen, sad.
By the way Senator do the right thing today vote http://no.Show  them you're there for your constituents not to save their face
Healthcare is critical to Ohio and the USA.  Vote 'no' on #BCRA.  Support and improve #ACA.
US Navy Vet honorably discharged. Vote no on repeal bill.
Vote no on any version of healthcare--we are watching
Try reading the Republican Party Platform
https://www.facebook.com/JeffersoncountyOhio/ …
Please vote NO on the bill stripping care from millions. Be better than that. LEAD.
Vote No. I like Obama care.

The Obamacare 'disaster?' That's the reason my son is alive today, @realDonaldTrump. It's the exact opposite of death for him. 
So glad your son is OK. I fear for the millions who will lose their health insurance under any bill or repeal of ACA.
Corporate Shill.
Guess you care more about the Lake than your constituents who need the ACA.
You've voted to weaken EPA and every reg that protects the lake & Ohio's land and water.
No BS Rob?
trump is costing you 2018 votes!! Impeach him now!
Thank you for standing up for the Earth & Ohio. Regulations to keep our water & air clean are necessary not job killers.
You already lost that fight when you supported Trump
OHIO IS WATCHING SENATOR. Do not let the bully tactics from the bully sway the way you vote today. Far too many seniors are relying on you.
Don't distract from health care. Vote no on motion to proceed. If you care about Lake Erie, support the EPA.
Fight to REPEAL & OR REPLACE! OC

He's laying the groundwork to fire Sessions, then fire Mueller. If he does this - general strike & we go to D.C. to protect our democracy. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/889790429398528000 …
You know what else is critical to Ohio? Medicaid and Health care. Vote NO tomorrow.
Ohioans not having insurance is critical!
Commonsense protection, yes, but not fanaticism.
How about saying you will vote NO on the motion to proceed on the Republican health care bill? We need you to vote NO!
Better fight, save ACA and repair!
You are betraying Ohio if you vote for the repeal..You will never win another election in Ohio.Too bad,you would have made a good governor..
Health care is critical to Ohio.As you know thousands of auto workers will lose healthcare- they are laid off. Don't vote to kill.them.
Save and improve the ACA! It was crafted by serious people unlike the dangerous and incompetent and rushed GOP plan.
Vote no on any GOP only health care bill!
Why'd you vote for horrible @EPAScottPruitt then? You can't be trusted.

YOU'RE PUTTING YOUR BANK ACCOUNT B4 THE INTERESTS OF OH.  YOUR VOTE HAS BEEN BOUGHT OFF THRU SLUSH FUND $. UR A CRIMINAL
Please vote no tomorrow! Healthcare is critical to #Ohio!
Exactly like health care.  Vote No on Motion to Proceed.  #FixACA
FIGHT for improved Health care, STOP the childish repeal behavior, start working with ALL to improve the ACA .
Please be a stand up guy for Americans, vote NO on the repeal of healthcare bill. Millions of lives hang in the balance. We need support.
Please vote NO on Tuesday's healthcare vote. If ACA goes down, my family's physical and financial health will be in ruins #truestory
VOTE NO!!!
No one cares about anything else except their healthcare. You cannot pass this bill #ohioiswatching
Please do not proceed with a vote on ACA Repeal. GOP will regret hurting millions of lower and middle income Americans
Access to high quality affordable health care for all Ohioans is the only thing that matters now...vote NO on Trumpcare.
Please vote no on healthcare bill...Ohioans have faith in you.
#VoteNo on the motion to proceed. This is insane. People will suffer and die because of this vote. Don't let #McConnell intimidate you.

INTERACTIVE: Under #BRCA, older & low-income people would see largest premium increases compared to #ACA http://kaiserf.am/2tErJhl  
Thank you
More critical: not taking healthcare away from millions of Americans just to give McConnell a political "win" – vote no on MTP, no on BCRA!
Choose leadership over gamesmanship, Senator Portman.

Just used @botresist to send Robbie my thoughts on the healthcare bill and so can you. Txt resist to 50409. #HealthcareNotWealthcare 
Are you seriously blocking people from talking about the healthcare vote tomorrow? Why? Are you some kind of coward?
#VoteNo
I hope you will fight for the people's preservation.32mil, 23mil or 22mil losing health care.Which is one is OK WITH YOU? VOTE NOT 2 proceed
The health of the environment and the health of Ohio's most vulnerable are vital. Vote no tomorrow #johnkasich
The ACA is critical to #America. The lives of millions of Americans hinges on your vote tomorrow. #VOTENO
To vote yes on a bill without knowing what is in it and no CBO score would just be highly irresponsible for our state. Counting on you!!!
Thank you. But will you also fight for healthcare for all Ohioans??  We hope so!
Please vote no tomorrow! Ohio and Governor Kasich need you!
Vote NO on the MTP. It's not a GD sporting event with a prize trophy to win. It's people's lives. It's communities, hospitals, nursing homes
Healthcare is also critical to Ohio. Vote NO to protect Ohioans on Tuesday.
Senator Portman, Please vote no to proceed. Save the lives of millions, work to fix the ACA. Please
Lake Erie?! Obamacare is sinking our State! Disabled can't find STNA Cut hours & pay! All $ going to Diaster Exchanges.
Vote no! This is a sham. You don't even know what you're voting for.
Affordable Healthcare is critical for Ohio. #TrumpcareKills
Funny that a guy who voted for Scott Pruitt can say this with a straight face. You're a hack.
Vote NO on the unseen #trumpcare. This will save lots lives.

.@senrobportman's health care vote will be published in the AARP Bulletin and mailed to all 1,500,000 AARP members in Ohio. #VoteNo
I have a very good memory and will remember your actions tomorrow. Vote NO on grounds to proceed. vote no on repeal. From 44106
You're speaking of everthing but health care. Please vote no on repeal & help fix the ACA for us all. Do what's right for America not Trump.

Kathy from Reno, Nevada, owes her life to the same care @SenateGOP is trying to repeal. @SenDeanHeller: Kathy is counting on you to #VoteNO 
This is a circus. Don't walk plank for Russian mobster & unpopular Koch leaders on unpopular bill.  They will betray you. #SaveACA
Please, please, please do not pursue this reckless healthcare legislation. Do not cave to bullies. Millions of Americans are looking to you
Our president is coming totally unhinged. What he did at the boy scout speech was beyond wrong. Who wants children to boo a past president?
Vote no in the motion to proceed on the healthcare bill tomorrow and truly represent the people of Ohio.

President Obama is a devoted husband and father
Trump told the Boy Scouts about his rich friend's orgies

Your party is filth, GOP.…
VOTE NO on this irresponsible and deadly "bill." Thousands of Ohioans will die. Do the right thing.
Ok that's good....but first save Medicaid. My daughter has a disability and she will need Medicaid to be healthy and independent.
Try that same stance on healthcare. Time to go after insurance companys not ACA ! VOTE NO
Please vote no on GOP healthcare repeal & fix the ACA!!!! We need you to hear us!
Having healthcare INCLUDING MEDICAID AND ESSENTIAL HEALTH BENEFITS FOR CANCER, MENTAL HEALTH & CHRONIC ILLNESS  is also critical. #VoteNO
I love the Great Lakes. Ty. Please also vote no on MTP. People are important too.
Your tweets are bizarre given the healthcare vote tomorrow, traitors in the White House, and no one in the State Dept. Man you're a mess.
Please continue to put people before politics. Vote NO on #ACA repeal - your constituents are counting on you!
#Healthcare is critical to #Ohio.
You gonna keep fighting #OpioidAddiction...or not?
#TrumpCare/@GOP screws over Ohio voters.

#KillTheBill
Remember your constituents wants you to vote NO tomorrow. Protect our care.



If you vote for this bill you will be promptly voted out of office!  Ohio needs you a thousand times more than the rich need more money!!!
I will campaign for your opponent if you vote yes tom!1person can't make a difference u might think but there's a lot of me's out there!
What good is Lake Erie if you can't live to see it!!  DO NOT VOTE TO REPEAL OBAMACARE! THIS IS INSANE!!! YOU WILL KILL PEOPLE, OHIOANS!
You know what else is critical to Ohio healthcare!That's really important! How about you stand up for us against Trump taking it away?

Accordingly, we will report to all 38 million AARP members how their Senators vote, via ads, our print publications, social media and more.
Vote no tomorrow
Seriously??? What about the millions of people who's lives are at risk? Your constituents want you to vote NO tomorrow!
Why do we have phosphorus poisoning our lake ?? Corporate farms?
Senator Portman, the future of people's lives are in your hands. Please vote NO to appeal. Please put people lives above political party.
Yes it is, and I am not sure why you voted to confirm Pruitt. I hope you will show more spine when it comes to protecting health care. Thx
Fix ACA, NO to anything put forward tomorrow.
There is no justification to voting on a bill that you AND your constituents have not seen and debated. #OhioWillRemember
Then vote no on the healthcare bill because our health is as important as the health of our lake we are counting on you
Take a stand on health care! Millions are terrified of losing their care- this is shameful!
Fight to save our healthcare!
Please vote to preserve healthcare by voting NO on MTP tomorrow.  People over party.
Thank you for working to protect Lake Erie but please #voteno on any measure to repeal ACA.  #notrumpcare
Thank you for supporting Lake Erie and #Ohio. Tomorrow, please #VoteNo so millions of Ohioans can keep their healthcare!
Your lack of a voice is disheartening. Very disappointed that, given an opportunity to speak out, you've chosen to cower from @POTUS
#VoteNo on the MTP tomorrow. Remember your constituents.
You're tweeting about Lake Erie when tomorrow 32million people are watching your vote if they lose coverage? Payoff Portman, playing it cool
Why don't you fight for my health insurance?
If you care about anything you need to leave the republicans
Our healthcare is critical to #Ohio I hope you continue to #VoteNoTrumpcare ! Without medicate expansion & #affordablecareact we will die!
Let's preserve our healthcare as well.
When asked if he was concerned that leaders hadn't told him what bill they'll be proceeding to, Sen. Portman simply said "ask leadership."
Why are you even in office? Show some spine. You're supposed to BE a leader. #VoteNoMTP #VoteNoBCRA
Please do not allow Americans to suffer/ die. VOTE no on this horrific healthcare bill. We need officials who put our country before party.
Vote no on the vote tomorrow!!!

An asthma attack is terrifying. Under Trumpcare, asthma is treated as a pre-existing condition, affecting premiums. 
Yeah, yeah Lake Erie..great. What about health care. Tell us how you'll vote and what it is, exactly, that you'll be voting on. Tell us now.
I can't wait for you to wait for whatever decision gets made on health care and then break your radio silence 2 hours later. Coward!
P L E A S E  vote no on healthcare if you want what is best for OHIO. That's what we want.
We are watching to see if you have the courage to stand up for #Ohio #voteno.
"...when it doesn't add up you vote against it."  http://amp.usatoday.com/story/502976001/ …  #wealthcare #mysterybill
Your constituents have the right to know whether or not they will continue to have healthcare. You should be discussing that.
Vote NO on this cruel bill that leaves millions w/o healthcare, children, veterans, poor, and the sick..Effects 1/6 of the economy. NO!
Please vote NO on Tuesday's motion to proceed.
ACA has been a lifeline for millions of Americans. Most want the law strengthened, not repealed.
All the money you're wasting when you could just build an water inlet further out. $50,000,000 would pay for a new inlet...
8th tweet today & Still no mention of healthcare despite your constituents asking. Your silence says it all, you've sold your sole.
Lemme guess...u'll remain silent on HC vote until we know it won't pass, then u'll pretend to be all brave and say u opposed it. Amirite?
Please fund a campaign to encourage organic, non-GMO,sustainable farming practices,avoiding phosphates and ammonia.
You can throw money at it and it won't make an impact unless you get to the heart of the http://problem.Farm  runoff&phosphates.
Please remember ohio's biggest industry is healthcare! No insurance and ohio's economy will suffer greatly!
Prove that you are pro-life and #VoteNoMTP. Support kids like my daughter Evie.
Why are you avoiding a commitment to oppose robbing millions of healthcare coverage?

Republicans are trying to take dignity away from Americans. We can’t stop and we won’t stop keeping up the pressure on health care. 
Know what else is critical to Ohio? Not choosing between rent and healthcare. #VoteNoMTP #VoteNoTrumpcare
another thing that's critical..affordable and humane healthcare, the below grps do not agree with the Rs secret health plan
HEALTH CARE. Tweet about health care.
People are more critical to Ohio - take away their health care and medicaid and what do you have - NOTHING!!!! VOTE NO
Please protect Ohioans from the Senate death bill.
WHY???
Portman office has been telling all callers all day that there is no bill and no vote tomorrow. https://twitter.com/vp/status/889606667700228096 …

If @senrobportman votes yes on MTP, he got totally hosed on opioid help for Ohio. It NEEDS $2.2B for opioid treatment. It will GET $272M.  
Gee, Senator, so many tweets today, but no mention of the healthcare bill. Hope that means you're just voting NO!

Senator, vote against AARP at your own peril

Over the last few weeks I have heard non-stop from Americans who will suffer or die if @GOP strips them of #healthcare. Repeal is immoral.
what catharine said
I expect your NO senator. Your constituents expect you to do the job of maintaining protections for the most vulnerable citizens
Vote NO on REPEAL!
Critical health care vote tomorrow and your thinking about the lake.....
Ohio, please remember how Portman votes on Healthcare!
Totally spineless Portman ALWAYS votes Party over Constituents!!

.@robportman Ohioans are watching your vote on #healthcare reform. Don't cut #Medicaid funding! https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce54ddo5i/4k5zh …

BREAKING: 166 groups just sent a letter urging senators to reject stripping health care from millions of Americans. http://bit.ly/2uRQJ4h  
Bad start to the week. Ught oh! Catholic Sisters call out your bill & u support J.Mandel who likes himself some pizzagate conspiracy theory
Anybody have this guys cell# ; rest of phones are absolutely worthless!!
Great now when you and the @gop repeal ACA and take HC from Americans instead of a burial at sea you can just dump the bodies in Lake Erie
Vote to bring healthcare up for debate.
Healthcare no on BCRA, No on repeal and replace. Fix ACA!
Hard to believe someone who ran to repeal replace wouldn't even be willing to discuss repeal replace. Worse than hypocrisy. Sheer deceit
Hopefully you care as much about the people of Ohio as you appear to care about the fish of Ohio. VOTE NO on ACA REPEAL!!!
Happy to hear, but what about healthcare? Vote no on the motion to proceed and protect kids like mine. Born w defect, saved by #ACA

Wow. Catholic nuns: this is the "most harmful legislation for American families in our lifetimes"; it is "simply immoral" and not pro-life. 
Catholic nuns, Pope Francis, AARP, your entire Twitter feed - responsible thing to do is vote no and get Senate working for Americans again.
Repeal Obamacare and do it right this time. You promised America. Keep your promise.

Every major patients' rights group in the country took out a full-page ad in today's New York Times to urge a No vote on Obamacare repeal. 
I care more about if you will promise to vote against any budget that de-funds the #GLRI. Your "fight" is meaningless without your vote!
If you can't stand up to #ProtectOurCare for most vulnerable in OH then you have no business calling yourself a United Stated Senator! @GOP
Thank you, Senator Portman! Let's also address climate change which exacerbates algal blooms in Lake Erie!
That's wonderful, but Why do we have an EPA director who wants to eliminate the EPA?  You voted party line for him.
The Great Lakes are a North American treasure. We must do everything in our power to protect the greatest fresh water lakes on the planet.
Word on the street is you are blocking anyone who tweets you to vote NO. I certainly hope you wouldn't ignore your constituents like that.
U want 2 drag an 80 yr. man who just had brain surg. xcountry to take away health care. Be better than this vote NO
Cornyn tells us he offered to drive McCain cross country in RV for health care vote.
Country over party Mr Portman. Please, Ohioans need you to vote no on any repeal of the ACA. Fix it. Don't kill it. We will remember
Do one better...vote NO on this GOP healthcare debacle
Saw it was on sale via auction-the preserves!?  Fix the ACA...vote no to any replace and replace doodah.  Constituents are watching.
Turn your phones on. And vote NO on the motion to proceed on the senate healthcare bill!!!!!
Vote NO
Thank you for protecting Lake Erie. Now, how about protecting Ohioans health care?? Do the right thing by your constituents, PLEASE.
why did you vote for Pruitt for EPA head then?
Sure is and the destruction of that terrorist training camp near Cleveland is important also
How about fighting to save healthcare for Ohioans? #VoteNo to #BCRA in ALL its various guises
