Enumerate them for us so we can know the reasons you voted to give Billionaires a huge tax cut and take away stability of T1D families
Try starting by repealing Obamacare. Thanks!
It would help @senrobportman to understand how the #ACA has affected you personally. Can you speak to that?
Outrage over Federal Government spending money it does not have to do something I don't want done. Tired of 'Nanny State' mentality.
Is your outrage over federal spending limited to that ACA, or does it extend to military $$$ and such and the associated price tags, too?
Dose "Provide for the Common Defense " ring any bells for you?
So mil spending gets a blank check? Are soc security and medicare for your elderly family part of the nanny state?
Public schools, fire and police departments, libraries...aren't they all part of the nanny state you are tired of?
You are confusing Local Government responsibilities with Federal.
You have consistently said you want to keep the Medicaid expansion. That's admirable. You have also consistently said you want tax breaks...
...for the wealthy, which means the middle class will have to pay more. That's why everyone is complaining about Trumpcare
Get ready to leave office. You will not be reelected. Ohioans are sick of you NOT representing them. You have failed Ohio.
Your a lawmaker do you job! Work for the people and not billionaires! Let your legacy be a good one
My concern is your potus is suffering a mental health crisis.  He is leading your party. He is leading our country. Does that concern you?
Maybe if you met with your constituents you could clarify what you stand for
Perhaps u should think about being inconsistent and reach out to Dems - revise and re-energize ACA. Quit being a party player be a Patriot.
MY concerns throughout this process have been consistent. I am concerned people will die. That is contrary to my Christian value system.
It's better than anything you have proposed. All you are gearing for is Koch's tax cut at the expense of human lives. That's unexceptable.
You are wrong. Quit trying to change something you have had more than enough time to do something about and have done nothing.
If you vote for #Trumpcare , Millions of #Americans will loose coverage. Emergency Care is more expensive than preventative care

my dad: b4 donating his organs said, he'd need 2 know who the doc was.why? at least a dem would wait til his heart stopped
@Ohio @SenPortman @SenBrown @GovernorKasich @RepJoyce  @newsnet5.com Please, Save Ohio's ACA & Medicaid & Medicaid Expanded! HAVE A HEART!
Please continue to reject this harmful bill. This complex issue needs real leaders. (None in WH. Please be one for OH)
thank you for being consistent on Medicaid and Opioids, but hope you also protect chronically ill working for small business.
I am worried that your consistent concerns are about your political career, not about our health.
We're still going to try to vote you out. You refuse to condemn Trump's childish actions, and your constituents aren't turning a blind eye.
.@senrobportman
Republicans' new tactic: "Look over here while we take away your healthcare coverage!" http://bit.ly/2swlr2L  
Consistently disappointing.
Actually, "concerns" aren't worth a bucket of warm spit.  Please stop with the handwringing & pious platitudes. We need heroes, not cowards.
Maybe your *concerns* should be FOR the constituents whom have elected you to represent them. Listen and hear *OUR* concerns.

This congressional break gives an opportunity to hold town halls and talk about your consistency. Can you tweet the times and locations?
Be the leader we need. Work with your colleagues from both sides to fix ACA. Or better yet, join the fight for single payer - best option
Really how is this different than the people that traffic in human lives. That's what you are willing to give up at the expense of what?
then IMPROVE the ACA   stop with this bull of repeal
NO to full repeal of Obamacare, with replace later. My lord, what are R's thinking?? You cannot continue to yo yo folks.  Far too important!
We still expect a no vote on Senate healthcare legislation that is anywhere close to what Senate Republicans have proposed.
No lifetime caps & many children in Ohio rely on Medicaid.  My retired Mom and Dad worked hard and saved, don't destroy their healthcare.
We Ohioans wouldn't know what your views are on healthcare because you won't hold town halls.
Please REPAIR the ACA!  Americans don't want a repeal & we sure don't want the AHCA/BCRA. These are NOT BETTER for working class Americans.
Wow. Snarky much? You could have just tweeted a link to a site where you have articulated your concerns.
#BCRA #NotAnswer. Please #VoteNo #timeForAllRepublicans: #stopEnablingHim, #Time4SinglePayer
Your blood money is no good when voters know the truth. Can we recall Portman?  https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/6/30/15900564/health-bill-politics-midterms … #ProtectOurCare
You have 'concerns'? That's just super. Maybe you can also send 'thoughts & prayers' to all who lose medical care because of this bill. 
U know you're in a position to actually DO something about this, right? It will take courage, which I have 'concerns' that u are lacking.
That has not been clearly demonstrated to ur constituents. U r Mr. Maybe & I fully expect u 2 cave. I hope I don't. #SaveAmericanLives
You helped write it, now have Town Halls to explain it!  Why are you afraid to see you constituents?
Then why did you write a bill Lyons didn't like?
Trump is obsessed w destroying Obama's legacy- don't participate- be decent- call Trump out on bs #countrybeforeparty #SaveAmericanLives
Stand up for what is right - reform the ACA - support Medicaid - don't play politics w people's health - #principalsinaction
Like every other GOP you have been bought (over $380,000 from Big Pharm).  Do the right thing #UniversalHealthCare
To make wealthy people wealthier? To make sure kids born with health issues don't get care?
Consistently supported by insurance company lobbyists??
As well as your consistent concern about meeting Ohioans in Ohio for a public townhall.
Yet your vocality on the issue has been very suspect... Let's discuss this at a #TownHall
How does this guy keep getting voted back into office..... ?????
Republicon concern has been consistent since the eve of Obama's inauguration when they vowed to oppose him 100%. Party over country.
Most of the increase in premiums is because of Republicon obstruction.
#ACASignups TENNESSEE: BCBSTN blames a whopping *97%* of their 2018 rate hike SPECIFICALLY on Trump/GOP sabotage: http://acasignups.net/17/07/01/2018-rate-hikes-tennessee-early-look … 
As someone in OH who stands to have liberties lost if/when Medicaid is cut...understand! No taker! A human with disabilities. #SaveMedicaid
Do not accept @SenateGOP bribes. Listen to @JohnKasich -- Extra $ for opioid crisis doesn't erase the loss of care for tens of millions!
You consistently vote with Trump, that's for sure! We have consistently demanded fix ACA, NO ON BCRA. Constituents both D & R hate this bill
How about you consistently choose country over party. If you need help doing so, I have a great idea, hold an open town hall & we will help!
Sure they have!
Sure, the last few days.  Before that, you just towed the party line.  
Consistently ambiguous
Your concerns since trump took office have been about what the GOP tells you to do.
You know what we don't pay you for? To be concerned. We are able to do that all by ourselves.  You know what we pay you for? To lead. Do it
Like what concerns? And will those concerns keep you from voting yes? So many Republicans condemn and vote yes. SAD!
HAHAHAHA!
Just a reminder that millions of Americans are counting on you to make  their lives better, not worse, Senator.  VOTE NO on WEALTHCARE!
Then do the right thing and vote against it. Fix the ACA than replace it. You know the right thing to do for Ohio so do it.
I hope that the $45 billion Mitch gave you for opioid treatment doesn't buy your vote. Ohioans are counting on you to NOT be for sale.
Mexican Ciro Beltran-Sanchez brought his wife Maria Teresa to Columbus for FREE- for them- treatment! #WhyPremuiumsUnaffordable DEPORT!

Mike Pence thinks I was 'personally irresponsible' to get sick as a little kid. Does their cruelty know any limits? #SaveMedicaid 
Why do you need to brag about that?
Concerns do not translate to a vote for your constituents!  My concern is you care more about your donors and will vote how they want!
No. No. No. No. you are unclear and you don't give a damn about the working class aka 97% of Ohio
While I love your stance on opioids I am extremely concerned about the new healthcare bill plz protect the most vulnerable no tax break
Do you care about people with preexisting conditions? Your party doesn't. Cancer patients need you to distinguish yourself from #GOP!
You and your party never had a healthcare position. You said you could do better, but you weren't even trying. You had 7 years, and...nada.
7 years only thing GOP did was use healthcare policy against Democrats & planned tax cuts. Examine the GOP president not even mentally fit.
your concerns RE drug addiction widely known. Bottom line question: How supportive of new plan would you be if you were mandated to use it?
Selling out health insurance of tens of millions, decreasing quality of care for all, in exchange for opioid $$, is not a sensible position.
Consistently in line with whatever the party tells you to do.
So far it only seems like you're concerned about opioids. Good start, but there's a lot more to be concerned about! #voteno
No you have actually been very evasive. You know the facts more than most, Ohioans will die without Medicaid. We will hold you responsible
Your only concern seems to be how you can avoid constituents. Spineless worm!
And your concerns have been consistently at odds with the GOP bills. If you vote for them, youll show your word means nothing
It's been a pretty secretive process, so no one knows what your tweet means.
Bill written in secret involving input from only Repubs=wrong. BIPARTISAN work on a bill with hearings and input from other views=America.
Senator, you said the ACA needs to cover MORE ppl, and cost less. Work with your Dem colleagues in good faith to stabilize markets & lower $
Mine too.
I don't care if u're consistent. I care about healthcare & Ohioans. If u care about them, u must vote no on the #BCRA.
Maybe you should actually take a stand for the Americans you represent instead of capitulating under GOP rule against their best interest.
Currently, I'm able to run a business and purchase my own insurance without going broke. Before ACA that wasn't possible.
These are the stories people need to be sharing. Are you in favor of small businesses, @senrobportman ?
Both plans so far have been consistent also--consistently awful.  I will respect you if you stick to the "good for Ohio" mantra, but...
Thank you Senator. No need to reinvent the wheel. Forget party lines and do what's right for Americans. Fix ACA.
You NEVER take a stance either way.  I would be shocked if you voted against this health care bill, and yet, you have "concerns".
Warren Buffett calls @SenateGOP #trumpcare “Relief 4 the Rich Act." Don't deny 22 million h-c to give rich tax break
Keep the DUES (TAXES) for this COUNTRY CLUB (U.S.A.)!
NO TAX CUTS
NO TAX REBATES
Or, is your Independence Day the day my ILK is  'CLEANSED?'

FACT: @realDonaldTrump can say or do anything he wants because he knows Congressional Republicans are too weak to oppose him. He owns them.
Consistently value women? How about the UNDISCIPLINED elder that didn't know where to turn. And, do you constantly think highly of poor?
You Republicans have had 8 years! You have no idea how to fix ACA. HOld a Town Hall and you'd know what your constituents want.
Just PLEASE keep standing up for OHIOANS and our need for fair, reasonable healthcare!!
Just not shared with any of my constituents.
Maybe have a few town halls then. From OH-09, 43606
Education no concern though as you approved that horrible Betsy DeVos.
#Repair Not Repeal 
#ACA
Didn't you help craft the senate bill?
I don't trust congress! They are trying to take power away from Trump & Tillerson on sanctions! So wrong!


Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Either fix the #ACA or give us #MedicareForAll.
Corporatist Fraud.
I don't get it. You were listed as one of the 13 men who WROTE the senate bill.
Read these comments senator
But you refused to take a stand and say you were voting no...until the vote was pulled of course. #actionspeakslouder
Consistently in favor of hurting the sick, poor, the elderly.Consistent towards massive tax breaks for the wealthy.towing the party line.
We wouldn't know, you still won't tell us where you stand.
For opioid tx yes, thanks! But what about kids & seniors on Medicaid? What about NO to tax cuts so ALL constituents benefit?
22 million people will lose their health insurance. AHCA will have to improve coverage numbers, affordability and quality. Campaign promise.
Yes, you're right. You've consistently supported tax breaks for the wealthy at the expense of healthcare for the sick and poor.
You seem to forget him consistently favoring lucrative protections for Big Pharma as well...
Consistent does indeed apply! Congratulations on not lying! You have CONSISTANTLY wanted all of us to lose our healthcare so you can profit!
Concerns? Your career or the people? You haven't made yourself available for a town hall, how do we know.
Yes. Consistently cowardly.
I'd like to go back like before and choose my insurance! I just got notice Anthem is out now I'm down to nothing!!!!!!
We'd love talk to you about them here in Cleveland! Any time!
How about a Twitter poll?
might I suggest a bipartisan approach to the health care issue?
You helped write it. & any concerns you had you did not bother to share with your constituents. How about we all sit down & talk healthcare?
Honestly, I am fairly certain most of us have thought about it harder & have more at stake than do you. Maybe you can learn something?
Concerns aren't a plan. Where is it?  Black & white printed plan. Available to public. We're waiting. Otherwise just hot air.
Opioids and human trafficking- that's all we hear from you. Here and now tell us what you think we want and what you are going to do.
Consistently wrong.
And opaque.  Will you vote for anything that erodes ACA protections to preexisting conditions, essential services, or lifetime caps?
I'm sick of hearing about "concerns" and how bad Ocare is. I want to know what you're going to DO about it. #healthcare
This would be a lot easier to believe if you would have seated 6 female and 4 racial-minority senators on your white men's HC committee.
Or maybe even invited a Democrat or 2...
Did you express your concerns to your colleagues in the #wealthcare bill you helped write? Do they share your concerns? Why or why not?
Not me, I went from fix ACA to Single Payer.  And I don't think I'm the only one.
You NO vote on this bill should also remain consistent. @OhioDistrict12
Eyes wide shut!
Our health-care system has been broken by Republicans. The ACA was torn apart by party politics.
The bill you helped write in secret is as ruthless & cruel as the larger class war GOP & The Great Sociopath are waging on us
Constantly limited
No they haven't Rob! You were on the gang of 13 writing this piece of garbage! You are spineless and unwilling to stand up for what's right!
There is no reason to defund Planned Parenthood and Medicaid other than not protecting the most vulnerable. Make better choices. #resign
Obamacare cut Medicaid to the most vulnerable & expanded it to healthy adults. GET YOUR FACTS. GOP is cutting GROWTH to healthy only.
Sadly the process has been DEEPLY flawed.  The process needs to become coed and bipartisan.Hold open hearings.
There have already been open hearings on health care. Nobody needs to hear more sob stories. Most of GOP has met with the committee.
The open hearings were being held YEARS ago when the ACA was developed.  We have a new congress and new administration now.
For months the phones & fax machines have been jammed in Congress because of people voicing their opinions. Write a letter.
Furthermore, this is about much more than health care. It's about survival as a nation & a $70 trillion national debt (yes 70 not 20).
It's also about freedom and liberty; ACA is 1st about government control & 2nd about redistribution of wealth & only 3rd about health.
So hearings about health care alone really do not begin to scratch the surface of the issues & the markets collapsing require no debate.
BCRA is a terrible bill. It raises premiums, it kills protections, it prices sick people out of the market, guts Medicaid for tax cuts.
Your vote will go to the highest bidder. It's been consistent your entire time in the senate.
yes, and vague. U tout the party line on ACA, but don't say House bill was BS &  "mean" & that Senate bill is a tax cut for the very wealthy
Too bad they haven't been for the people in your state or in this country. Your concern is your career & $$$, the same with all GOP members.
So, it's a "no", Mr. Senator? Please clarify for a constituent. 
#Trumpcare
Come have a #townhall and tell us your plan. How are the poor covered? What criteria is used in the  pricing structure? Vague = deception
Also consistent: your ability to serve the interests of those who give you hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Yes, consistently way off the mark!
I suppose it's easy to be consistent when you haven't had a town hall to hear your constituents concerns. 
To be fair consistency in position and backing his constituency are not necessarily the same thing. Can't wait for next election cycle.
Pretty much. One might wonder why a member of the elite committee to write the bill didn't seem to have much say.
Not only that, but why was it an "elite committee" to begin with? Legislation is passed w/public input, not one party playing god. #Greed
There has been more public input on health care over a number of years than any topic in history.
LoL. Whatever you say Senator
Your concern has been strictly about "your state", not the best interest of the whole country. Give it a rest Portman.
Toeing the party line with zero regard for the health and well-being of Ohioans, we know
May I commend you for your correct phrasing of “toe the line”? (Many saw tow the line or tote the line). Agree 
GOP has been so deceptive that it's hard to understand what you're saying. Can you be specific? What's your proposal?
Tax breaks for the rich, as always. They don't care if we all drop dead, except they might lose a vote or two.
Please meet with your disabled constituents before someone gets hurt trying to get your attention.
Obamacare expanded Medicaid to able bodied adults & CUT Medicaid for the needy/children/disabled; Senate is SLOWING GROWTH for the healthy.
So have the concerns of your constituents. We're concerned that ACA protections are about to be stolen so the ultra rich can have tax cuts.

Consistently unclear.
He cares about opioids. That's about it
But, their tax cuts will benefit the makers of opiods. Big pharma is slated to get some of those BIGLY tax breaks. Ironic, no?
They also supply narcan bring back an addict at school but heaven forbid you'll supply same school w/epi pen or push for drug counseling
I have a novel idea, why don't you have a town hall meeting and LISTEN to your constituents. I am a constituent and you answer to me.
Oh maybe because of death threats and other threats of violence.
Do your job.  Work Bipartisanship.  Fix ACA or go single-payer.  45684
This is repeal in name only; Portman and most of GOP are liars; this is an amendment to ACA and nothing more.
Not reallyс
me too

now vote for the people of Ohio who you're supposed to represent who overwhelmingly oppose this bill
A statement BEFORE the vote was delayed would have been more reassuring. Easy to say nay after there wasn't a vote.
Yeah, but you're supposed to care about and listen to OUR CONCERNS. 
#REALTownHallNOW
#FixItDontNixIt
#listentoyourconstituents
#FixTheACA
I'm in his district. His staffers are good about meeting but he won't do a town hall. He meets with people in D.C. For monthly coffee
