That level playing field will b <toxin-filled water just like Houston. No thanks Rob. Hold a real town hall so u can hear from real workers
Did you mention a #LivingWage??? How about healthcare for all??
No. That's what the big businesses want. Not what the workers need. You wouldn't know anyway. You aren't interested in listening.
How about if you help the Cheeto in office not piss of South Korea? We may need their assistance in the near future. @realDonaldTrump
#moron
You have the nerve to post this after wishing us a happy Labor Day.  The holiday that celebrates the hard work Unions do for us every day.
Regulatory relief hurts us, because Corps. will use it to punish workers, pollute the air and water and still pay no taxes or give raises.
Lemme fix that last hashtag for you Sen. I'm sure you meant #cleanjobs, or #greenjobs? I know UR all in on a higher min wage too, right?
As far as trade, lets start with POS 45 and his family.  Nothing American made. Oh, except for his $65 baseball caps, advertised by the WH.
Ur like a bad band, knows only 3 songs--taxes, sex trafficking, opioids--and can't read audience to know we want to hear DACA, Russia, etc.
Crossing my fingers this includes DACA people but knowing you don't have the cojones to truly act to protect the Dreamers. Step up , Rob
Liar. The only tax relief you want is for the rich and corps. Corps are already wealthy enough to give CEO's huge raises/bonuses. Stop it.
Wrong need tax reform and repeal O care and buuld wall. Stop trying to tell us what we need and try listing
That's not going to happen by cutting taxes for the richest 1%. Close loopholes, increase taxes on wealthy, and middle class will benefit.
And healthcare and clean air and clean water
You really mean you believe the Republican lie that if business is less regulated and less taxed they hire. NO, they use workers as slaves
What is the percentage of tax reduction Ohio workers receive under your plan, Senator?
We also need a representative in government who will not sell out his constituents regarding affordable health care. It's not you.
Translation:  I'll be voting for whatever Trump wants, regardless of what is good for my constituents.  #partyovercountryalways
Unless one of his kids is affected #fakedoxnews

How about a townhall u coward #not ohios Sen #fake fox news
Tax breaks for the rich always benefit everyone else, isnt republican tax theory what welcomed the last recession?
Workers don't need regulatory relief, they need to be protected from greedy employers who refuse them good pay and safe work environment etc
Trickle down Econ. Doesn't work Rob. Talk to us at a townhall about this! #portmantownhall
He would like us to forget his role in bush WH they killed econ. #fakefoxnews
stop whining about tax relief.....when you really mean .  LESS taxes for the rich, more burdens for the middle class
We need healthcare for all!
Trump has ended DACA. Dreamers who want to stay will now be required to prove they have modeled lingerie and married a billionaire criminal.
Yes!  Like the regulatory relief n Texas!  Toxic chemicals everywhere and no way to know the extent. We all feel so free!!
They will not be adding more jobs.  They have the money to do it now, but choose not to.  This has been tried multiple times and has failed.
Ok so today is union trolls day. Ignore. Stay the course. Reduce taxes, appoint judges, repeal ACA.
Wrong. We are many, you are few.
Weak, insidious, meaningless language. What are you doing for education? What are you doing for wages? Supporting tax cuts for rich?Shame.
Why is Ohio behind job growth nationally after seven years of @gop leadership?
Look at ur t acc. Didn't see any supporters maybe listen to voters instead of donors  #fake fox news
Really? What SPECIFIC regulations are preventing workers from earning more?
@embena 
@KG_Smith 
@EmmaleeKalmbach
I agree but you want do anything
Stick to Senate’s Constitutional mandate. Skills training and jobs ain’t there. You can’t reduce debt by lowering taxes. Reduce spending.
When Repubs talk "regulatory relief", it never translates into actually helping small biz. Just corporate relief. #ohio #jobs
EVERYONE of declared Christian faith needs now, more than ever before, to draw close to the Throne of Jesus Christ in daily prayer, as do u.
Or maybe we need more value for our tax dollars. So maybe you should fight for your constituents and not your party.
Dancing on our heads with two left feet and ugly shoes. Everybody do the Portman Shuffle.
Isn't it nice when there is no longer a Democrat as president and you can stop pretending you care about the debt? Back to voodoo economics.
You want deregulation? This is what it gets you:
FIXED UR TWEET TO SAY WHAT YOU MEANT
#Ohio CEOS WANT tax/regulatory relief, & skillED WORKERS WHO WILL WORK FOR AS LITTLE AS POSSIBLE. #Jobs
,,,and affordable healthcare with meaningful benefit coverage,
We need the relief of you losing your Senate seat!
LOL. Portman, you're part of the swamp. You're a two-faced politician, Typical. Ohio will deal with you.
Working on it? .@POTUS set a schedule and withhold their perks if not met! Stop their health plan & put on ACA! Stop foreign travel, etc.
How would you know what workers need & want anyway? Have a #realtownhall!
Umm. No, #Ohio workers need union & safety protections. And yes, skills training. It's Ohio corporations who want tax & regulatory relief.
Regulatory relief for more profits for the congressional donor class such as NFIB, Goldman Sachs, & DeVos family. #GoAwayRAA
Regulatory relief is working great in Houston. Unfettered sprawl, not knowing what chems are causing explosions, wading through toxins.
Get rid of H1B H2B visas. Americans need those jobs.
Then work hard to get them don't demand Dem like free loaders
Your 'regulatory relief' is the cause of deadly toxins released in Houston w/ no EPA intervention. Ur policies are literally making us sick.
Ohio workers need Patriots, Rob. You either support trump or you are a Patriot, you can't be both, not anymore.
I find it ironic that you want regulatory relief but you're also all about preventing algal blooms.
Close: You mean #Ohio CEOs. Easy mistake I know.
Regulatory relief is what's causing toxins in the water in Houston, isn't it? You're saying we need more of that? Ummm.... no.
#payattention
Are the "workers" gonna get tax relief or corporations and donors? #followthemoney
No, regulatory "relief" means making workplaces less safe. We need regulations to protect workers.  And no tax breaks for the wealthy.
Or maybe goverment that will support education and wellness that allow constituents to work smarter, toward things like sustainable energy
The country needs new leadership.
Then give THEM a tax break vs giving most of it to the rich.
Rob was in the Bush administration. Worst jobs record on record & economic crash. Zero credibility:
http://innovationohio.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/IOReport_Deficit_FINAL.pdf …
What you mean is the Koch Brothers and your 1 precent donors demand a tax cut .While your hero Trump wants to nuke us
No, we need a #REALTownHallNOW.

#payattention
