This is great opportunity to show leadership.  It's time to get to work and Cosponsor the Dream Act (S.1615) #DACA
Another lame attempt to fence straddle. Denounce the Presidents action and Make DACA law of the land NOW!
The dreamers beef should be with President Obama and Democrats, they let the dreamers down!
Obama did the best he could with EO when facing an obstructionist Congress, led by Senate and Mitch McConnell.
Unfortunately we have a corrupt and we'll fix it later attitude within the political establishment, nothing gets done!
Nothing "fix it later" in McConnell's leadership direction to obstruct Obama at every turn.  Or Trump removing any vestige of Obama era.
Good!
Great! Co-sponsor S. 1615?  Don't even consider tying it to ridiculous wall! Majority of didn't support wall in Nov. & they don't now!
Usually when its time to vote...you do the exact opposite.  This time lets see you listen to the people.
He wont-hes a pure politician, no soul, no integrity.
No amnesty. This sends a bad message to all who want to come in illegaly with children. Where does it stop.
End of your career as a republican
Ok , so is that real work towards a permanent solution OR the standard Rob -will -never -buck -the -swamp dwelling Rethugs 
That is what congress was supposed to be doing. And Obama had no choice when there was no action. It's your job! Do it!
Actions speak louder than words. Cosponsor the Dream Act.
Keeping the current daca kids is ok, but we don't want daca to continue
If you vote to keep daca and continue to allow illegal aliens to bring their kids so they can drain our economy, I will vote you out
While Ohio is finding a way for all to have medical, and making cuts. #BROKE. Residents will pay for immigrants. Without jobs. Right!!
Then do it.  You all new this was not constitutional.  It is time to solve problems and get things done.  The people are fed up
Why do we need a solution? What is the problem? #DACA
Please run as a Dem next election.
You are gone next election Senator. You already showed your lies. Couldn't vote to repeal Obamacare when you said you would. Bye Bye
So stop running your mouth and do it. You know your party controls the house and senate, (and has an oddball puppet in the WH to boot)?
Then support #DreamAct . Now.
Please do.  No more talk from Congress. More action. I want Republicans to show they are not just a party of white people #DACA
What does color of the skin have to do with DACA, Obama and Democrats fed false promises to so call dreamers!!
Who knows what you actually support until you vote in lockstep with the rest of the republicans.
Most dreamers would just like to be legalized, citizenship is not their priority!!
Then please cosponsor the Dream Act now so I can stop calling your office. Thx.
Republicans Refuse to do anything as usual. Republicans want to be LIKED by the MEDIA and continue to Lie to Their Base Voters! Watch out!
Actions speak louder than words. Cosponsor S.1615 now! #DACA
Prove it
#action #makeithappen
<also get additional fund from believe me they want to hear from u #DEPORTTHEILLEGALS
ATTENTION ALL illegal immigrants fill free to stop by or write DANCES WITH MEN @ 2446 Belmont Rd NWWashington, DC 20008 this is were u can>
Dreamers are doctors, lawyers, teachers, friends, and colleagues. Time for Congress to protect them.
Pass republican Rac act!
#DreamAct #DACA IS NOT ABOUT MONEY IT IS ABOUT HUMANITY
You must start by recognizing they are here illegally. They must do something special (National Service??) to stay, and family must leave.
Please cosponsor the bipartisan Dream Act (S. 1615) to protect DACA recipients
What about American citizens You Are bad employees that don't listen to your voters.
I hope this is a promise to vote for the Dreamers and not just more empty words.
"Permanent Solution"? then deal with 14th Amendment abuse where illegals have citizen children with mixed allegiances: illegal parents & USA
Don't refer to your fellow human as "illegals". It's demeaning to them and tells people things about you that you probably don't want told.
It is illegal and unconstitutional, enforce the laws YOU swore to uphold. Better yet resign your post, let another defend our laws.
Just like amnesty in 1986,1994,1997,1998 (Haitians),2000 this is used to subvert the law.KNOCK IT OFF.OBEY THE LAW @potus #maga #deplotables
Here we go again...ignored immigration laws once again for 30+ years...same mess as in 1986...forced amnesty. That's ur bipartisanship. 
Yes!!
Just like you wanted a good solution for healthcare and then voted for every garbage plan McConnell put in front of you?
perhaps you should goose @RepSteveStivers into action for continueing DACA. e doesn't seem to listen to his constituents.
Thank you, Senator Portman!
Thank you!
Thank you for your words. Now please take some action. #DefendDACA
You forgot as CITIZENS!
Your words are hollow, time to act is now. Lead, or resign!!
Great.  We are counting on you.
In other words...If my party decides to leverage it for a donation on the wall I'm all good. Grow a backbone Portman!
Then you need to pass S. 1615, the Dream Act. Please do the right thing!
First build the wall, please.
Put up or shut up - you sold your soul to support @realDonaldTrump
Even Obama said 22 times that #DACA was unconstitutional. Giving a legal path to "children" only encourages more illegal immigration.  #1986
@GodSaveAmerica1 @senrobportman Right! Obama talked two sides out of his mouth! 
Rob... bipartisan efforts?  Oh, that's right... allow DACA to stay, get nothing for it.  Got it.
It figures seems you have completely thrown into the progressive democratic socialist party go ahead and switch parties
Ohio will be holding you responsible to make this happen! The dreamers did not deserve to be treated this way by Trump! They are American!
Thank you for your support
Yet you barely mentioned it in your town hall and didn't include it as a choice in your poll. People were looking to you for information.
Yes support DACA
Thank you, Sen. Portman, for doing the right thing and recognizing that those in DACA contribute to our society.
Please take care of the dreamers!
...and you propose...what? Speak up, please. As it stands, I have no idea what you're thinking. #KingOfDoublespeak
2013, The Gang Of 8! Congress failed millions
I am a dreamer I'm just not an illegal dreamer
My family came legally to this country and I think we need the same thing today they are illegal
You will never get my vote and I will speak out against you
Thank you. Please lead on a clean bill. I am a constituent and watching closely.
let me guess ... the Wall gets funded and kids can stay? Ugh
Senate already has a bill for comprehensive immigration reform. Boehner refused 2 bring 2 a vote. That's when Obama acted to create DACA.
WOW..you are human
Holding you to this, Senator! Get it done!
But will you lead?
I hope you are sincere. Lead. No half-measures or equivocation. No strings. No riders. #DefendDREAMers - it is a moral issue.
Do it because it is the moral thing to do. Just a bonus that it's also fiscally and politically beneficial.
Grea - follow thru on this then - good thoughts and wishes on Twitter mean nothing without action.
This is a layup. No excuses for not getting this one right. Don't just give lip service - lead.  Sponsor clean DREAM act. #DefendDACA
Looking forward to lending our @leagueofcities voice in this conversation @senrobportman - 120K municipal leaders are ready to work w/you.
Then start the effort and don't quit until it's passed!
As your constituent, I look forward to seeing your legislation in support of this tweet very soon.
What!? #BotPortman actually tweeting about a relevant topic. Question is, does anyone believe he is sincere? I don't
Please spare us the crap. Get to WORK and DO something about it.
I hope you can continue to see what's morally right and speak the next time our POTUS is despicable. Too often it's just too quiet.
Do it. No lip service.  Action now.
Great!  Please make it happen.
Do the right thing, Rob. For once. Please.
Thanks @senrobportman, join bipartisan sponsors of the #DreamAct!
They must be allowed to stay. Stop playing politics with people's lives.
Your full statement includes an unnecessary partisan swipe at former President Obama. Not a good start to supporting a bipartisan effort.
It's the right thing to do. Thank you!
See!  Saving #DACA is Something we agree on. We should discuss this & many other issues ata #TownHall soon. I promise to be respectful #plez
Thank you so much! Keep up this good work!
I support American citizens and those who are coming here the legal way...get rid of DACA and deport them..come back legally
You voted for DeVos, you voted repeal ACA, you will back Sessions on DACA. You are a good little soldier. Party before constituents, right?
I hope you mean that. We are watching
No more free 
He will only go the way that he thinks is best for him.
Please do.
A bipartisan effort to remove the oaf in the White House ought to do the trick.
Your party is deplorable! History won't be kind!
Get it done!
Then do it...
Well America wants you to do more than support we want it done.  No excuses.
That's great!  But please don't allow Trump to use DREAMERS as pawns to pay for his stupid wall.
It's what he intends to do along with his GOP minions
No path to citizenship. Why do they go to the front of the line.
Do not reward people who break the law. Work permits should be given. NOT citizenship.
You let Obama rewrite immigration law and now you say you're going to do your job? Liar
Thanks. Now we know who to vote OUT. #RINO
You could start with Impeachment proceedings; stop the vengeful POTUS & your party from undoing Obama's achievements just  for spite.
I agree.  Work together and find a solution.
Don't look now, Senator, but Nazis have infiltrated GOP. Get them out or you won't have a job after a statement like that. #FightFascism
No Wall! Protect Dreamers! Ohioans are watching you!
HERE'S THE SOLUTIONS: LET THEM STAY!!!
Why did you block Obama on DACA ??? And everything else? You played "chicken " with people's lives.
Thank you!
They can still apply for extension. Just http://in.case  congress does its usual
No actual stance, CLASSICAL PORTMAN. I can't wait to vote you out of office, shame on you.
It's time to stop talking about it and act. These kids deserve better.
At last!  Speaker McConnell seems lukewarm to deal with DACA.  Will you stand up?
Co sponsor the dream act. A clean bill!!!
Reminder that Rob Portman voted against the DACA originally.
Bill's been around for 16 years. Where've you been?
We are looking for action on this right away, then. It's the only humane thing to do.
Then tell @SenateMajLdr to sit down with the people across the sidle and work something out
Just like you supported repeal of obamacare. Loser.
No wall either
Quit talking about it and do something right for once in your political career!!
Too bad it had to wait this long since the last president asked for and was never given similar legislation.
Sure you do. But when it comes time to have a backbone and stand up for your beliefs, you always waffle and vote with the herd.  Coward!
#PhotoOpRob supports #WhiteSupremacy...he always has...he always will! He's a liar! #Disgrace
I really hope this means you'll be fighting to pass a clean bill. No money for border walls! Those people deserve to live free and peaceful
So your saying dont build a wall but give the illegal immigrants amnesty and citizenship?
Yup. I'm saying give these people that have never known another home a path to citizenship. Statue of Liberty says: We don't need a wall.
So no border then? More can come and have more Dreamer children and then more, and no wall, no border, no country, just a global Utopia. 
So, what's your answer?
We need to some action Senator; not just words.
@senrobportman only knows how to say words; until he gets money from some lobby. Then he knows what to do! WHATEVER THEY SAY! #spinelessturd
Step one. Reverse Trump decision.
You mean reverse the illegal Obama decision that Trump reversed legally?
Looking forward to seeing you vote FOR the #DreamAct
So you are hopefully working with @SenBennetCO and @SenCoryGardner?
Clean bill. No wall. Anything else is cruel. You're on thin ice @senrobportman.
I support building the Wall!
Support means nothing. Do it or Don't do it.  Your actions will redeem or condemn you. @GOP
I hope I can trust your word.  Support of those like DeVos and Pruitt tell such a different story. #fdevos
You have 1891 days, senator. #Countdown2022
"we don't need any more proof of the malignant bigotry at the heart of President  Trump’s agenda" @MikeTurnerOH @SenSherrodBrown
Make. Itizens of all are here.make future illegals aware of what will happen to them.
You have supported that racist scammer of a president as well.
They are already contributing.  Pathway to citizenship.  #DACAWorks
Prove it!
Then pass it no money make it a clean bill simple as that
Secure borders, jobs, true immigration reform, build the wall, tax reform, health care, do you get it!! What is the problem? Phone townhall!
Until @SenateMajLdr #NOTMYPOTUS #GOP demands DREAMERS to go 
Its called the law. Do progressives just decide they can pick and choose which they like and which they dont? Thats why we have LAWMAKERS!
I wish I could believe you.
Happy to hear this from you.
Regan did the exact same thing and now 30 years later we are still dealing with the same problem #BuildTheWall
If u allow Trump to push u into spending $70B to build/$150M a yr to maintain a useless wall in order to do right, u r bad at ur job. #DACA
. Okay hillary.
Start by co-sponsoring the #DreamAct. Be a leader.
Don't "support efforts". Co-sponser the Dream Act or quit pretending to be middle of the road because you're up for re-election. #SaveDACA
Bipartisan effort.  You mean... THEY approve "the wall" and YOU let dreamers stay?  Americans are sick of Your idea of "bipartisan efforts "
Uhhh...hes a Republican so technically one of the "they"
They "Democrats" approve the funding for the wall… You "GOP" let dreamers stay
Deal!
We will hold you to this and don't expect funding for a wall to get this . We need the money here not for a wall!
So we need money for dreamers but nor for the wall? Okaaaaay
What do we pay for the dreamers?
Great. When I called today, I ALSO requested that you squash Mnuchin's plot to end tax-deferred 401K and mortgage interest deduction.
We will count on you and thank you when you do!
Thank you!
Time to get to work, Senator.  Cosponsor the Dream Act (S.1615) #DACA
Glad to hear it. Let's hear about how you reached across the aisle today.
Pass the Dream act..16 years and no action. Stop politicizing people's livelihood. #WeThePeople
Isn't that disgusting. For 16 years, illegals have taken advantage of our country and continue to demand we make them citizens.
Really read his response.....he's the master of saying something while saying nothing at all
We are counting on you to protect the Dreamers.
By sending more meaningless tweets like your baby boss?
How about affordable healthcare for MILLIONS of hurting Americans before Illegals getting amnesty.Republicans better watch out.
You should support citizens and legal immigrants for once.
Thank you, Senator!
Way to take a stand, Rob!  Every statement from you is circular.  Serious milk toast.  It's embarrassing.  Too bad you're not embarrassed 
Senator, heads up, you've got a handful of trolls commenting on these tweets: New accounts, low following, will cue you in.
FYI: The trolls I've noted are ALL pro-DACA.
Lets get started now Rob! Please don't tie their fate to a stupid wall!! People should not be used as pawns like the orange racists!!
So you'll be creating legislation then?
There's already legislation.....
Oh, where? Do you have a link? I'd like to read it.
https://www.americanimmigrationcouncil.org/research/guide-s744-understanding-2013-senate-immigration-bill ….  Passed with 68 votes in the Senate in 2013.
Died in the House
And it's not legislation until it's passed. It's just a bill.
If they are contributing with jobs why not get citizenship with parents????
Then pass a clean bill. No wall money, nothing else attached. Be a leader
Really?  Why?  Just give in to Democrats?  Why not get something for it?  Unless supporting illegal immigration is the sole reason.
Glad to read these words Senator, now we'll watch for actions!  Absolutely no funding Trump's wall in return for #DACA.
I hope you mean it if you want my vote next time. Your spine fell out on health care, did you find it?
