Hopefully they have good health insurance right Senator?
Cuz they are screwed when you pass the repeal ACA.
Prayers don't pay medical bills.
Portman no one in Ohio believes a damn thing you say anymore . You are done in Ohio.  You have lost 3 votes in my house
But I will work.everyday to make those 3, 30 thousand
Prayers are good. So is healthcare. #NoSkinnyRepeal #healthcareforall #VoteNo
Amen LORD heal them quickly.
You could give a shit about the people in Ohio... listen to your messages your voters said repeal Obamacare and your ears were deaf
Very disappointed in your vote today .
I send mine to  those with Obamacare these people will be in poorhouse until they settle in court with the amusement company.
Federal regulations may have prevented this tragedy Mr. Portman. Safety above profits. I am sure you'll use the phrase.
Instead of prayers and sympathy how about sending health care that will cover their new pre existing condition?
Let me get this straight, you'll happily vote to kill babies, but are saddened when others die?
Grow a pair or be fired in 2020! Tired of being lied to. You promised a repeal of Obamacare where is it? POTUS would sign immediately#MAGA
My prayers and sympathies too except I really mean it.
But will the injured have health insurance for treatment? Or your "thoughts and prayers" in lieu of healthcare? Hard to pay with prayers. 
To the terrible people manipulating this tragedy for political gain, take a good, hard look in the mirror at yourself...
Prayers are little consolation when you're ripping healthcare from millions. 1929 days. Do better, Senator. #UnseatTheSellout
How about instead of bitching and making it all about yourselves why don't we actually pray for everyone impacted by this awful accident...
Political gain is more important than actual suffering to these people...
Maybe it's a good idea that they have #healthcare that's accessible then, eh? #SaveACA #SaveOurCare
Is sympathy & prayer now accepted by Ohio Health & Columbus physicians as payment?  Your sympathy & prayers are about as helpful as funny $.
200 billion is an inadequate kick in and NO JUSTIFICATION FOR GUTTING MEDICAID.  VOTE NO on skinny repeal plans!

BREAKING: The Congressional Budget Office says the Republican's so-called "skinny" repeal would increase premiums by 20% NEXT YEAR. #SaveACA
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Pls follow those prayers with a vote against repealing Obamacare. Ohioans rely on Obamacare everyday for all sorts of medical emergencies.
No amount of lipstick is going to dress up these piggy plans so far.  VOTE NO and STAND WITH US for something better!
THIS is why Americans need regulations, which you & other Repub-LIE-cons are always trying to rescind in favor of corporate profits.
You suck

Dems got CBO to estimate impact of GOP “skinny repeal” bill.

One takeaway: Uninsured would go from 26M next…
Andxall those ppl need their ACA which you are trying so damn hard to take away from them. SINGLE PAYER !!!!!
Do you care if they have health coverage to get treated though? #fixACA
One top of their pain and suffering, now they'll face medical bankruptcy due to your efforts to remove ACA protections.
..need recall election!..None of these people yelling abt saving the ACA voted for you Portman they all voted for Strickland
You also sending your prayers & deepest sympathies to the ENTIRE REST OF THE OHIO POPULATION whom you're screwing over w/"healthcare" bills?
What they need is excellent and affordable health care - you know, the kind afforded to you.
I pray they will be covered by medical insurance
Thank goodness the accident happened before you vote to take away or at least make their healthcare more expensive, Baby Killer
Traitor
Single payer would mean the people injured & their families wouldn't be worrying how much this will cost right now. ACA helps with that.
In a time of tragic, people can't even put health care politics behind.Thank you senator for caring those impacted by this tragic incident.
You should pray because you will be voted out of office soon #closetdemocrats
? All your post sound like you pity your constituents. We're doomed because ACA, opioids, we're suckers because we can't get jobs.
So, will the injured be protected with your decisions about health care? Get on the right side Sir.
Hey slow he voted against it happy with him now keep up slow
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
If you really wanted to help, you'd ensure they had affordable health care. Prayers don't pay hospital and funeral expenses.
Yes, this is sad. You do understand that your votes to repeal the ACA will result in MILLIONS of Americans without health insurance?
Hope they can afford insurance.
Rob, I admire you for this statement. But also admire my fellow Ohioans calling you out for your healthcare baloney. Save ACA!
You're a #Rino #Traitor  and will be voted out.
Man, hope those injured have healthcare.....or do you want to rip that away from them?
I hope they had insurance... #JustSayin
Luckily the accident happened before you voted to remove their healthcare
But you don't want them to get medical treatment. Judging from your despicable healthcare vote.
As a Ohio voter you lost my vote because of your no vote to repeal Obamacare.
You promised us here in Ohio you would repeal Obamacare and you broke your promise you caved to the liberal democrats who lost.
Continue to pull back regulations it won't hurt much. Just keep lining your pockets   #resign
Prayers are not healthcare. God gave us brains to solve problems and #WeThePeople have solved health problems but don't let all have access
Thank you for voting against the full repeal. Pleasedo not be bullied by @realDonaldTrump
Hopefully they have healthcare
will they have health insurance for treatment?
Good God Man!!  You are an OFFICIAL LIAR!  " We must Repeal Obamacare!"  Uhhhhhhhhhhhh. Just Kiddn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well good for you. Why don't you and @PatTiberi get together and find more Govt regulations to delete so industry can be free
Prayers and deepest sympathies are the next plan to replace the Affordable Care Act.
Amen
You know those people now have pre-existing conditions and you voted to make them pay higher premiums for the rest of their lives, right?
Mad at you right now. 
Yet you are willing to personally make a vote that will result in many more deaths than this tragedy.
It's perplexing
Don't worry he got the Soros money
your deepest sympathies mean nothing since you voted to take away their HC.  So, shut the mouth and don't tweet #faketweets
Jane and I send prayers to all those injured. Prayers will have to do, however. I just voted to repeal their healthcare. #hypocrite
Yeah, well, it would be nice if you had helped us out on health care today. You lied to us. We are suffering due to your obstinacy. Thanks.
