why do you support #DontheCon #Trumprussia is only going to get worse. He is in bed with #Russia #russiagate #DumpTrump
@guerillagirly1 Trump is Putin's puppet & you are Trump's puppet.  You voted for all of this #Tillerson #Price #Pruit #Devos
@birkirstin yea, but I'm not down for going to War with Russia. Use of force is only way we will deter & that is scary
Russia wants sanctions lifted. They don't deserve our cooperation. Cutting State Dept. budget/staff bad idea!
totally agree with all that you said. When Generals says it's dumb, that is quite telling. Trump is  crazy.
Then impeach 45* and get to work.
why is your party not investigating? @GOP are such hypocrites. We will remember come re-election. #Cleveland #Ohio
so do something!! Independent investigation of Trump and cronies! We're watching you #TownHall 45843
maybe you shouldn't have given as much deference to the current Administration's unqualified Cabinet appointees!
if you were truly concerned about Russia you'd investigate @POTUS and his corrupt cabinets ties to Putin!
hard to restore our leadership when Russia is controlling it.
What are you doing about that?
Do you read the replies to your tweets? Do you care about the emails? The calls? Do you put party before country?
what rock did you just crawl out from under - duh collusion with Russia honey thanks to your buddy Trump
AND YET TRUMP AND HIS ADMIN ARE PUTINS PUPPETS
you might want to check with the Putin cronies and POTUS about that. I doubt they're interested....
Sounds like it's time to impeach Trump. He's an embarrassment.
finally you say something I agree with
.@senrobportman then why is the GOP so reluctant to fully investigate President Trump's business and political relationships with #Russia?
.@TaePhoenix @senrobportman Great question!  senator, how much do we need to pay you to get an answer?
hey guy, the person you supported for president is currently under investigation by the FBI for collusion w #Russia, so uh?
RUSSIA$->Twit-Ler+Sessions+ROSS+TILLERSON =illegitimacy/treason #Trumprussia #DontheCon #Impeach45
.@senrobportman We have a leader, who, by the bye, you did not support & continue to show tepid support for now. Go .@POTUS Trump!
first you have to figure out how to go against President Trump's friendships with the Russians
I read your words, but I haven't seen you take any action.  We expect you to take action as our representative. Just do it!
Yet your president does nothing about it!
Think @POTUS can do that with all his financial debts to Russians?
You really have some nerve speaking about Russia and not even mentioning ur president and the cabinet you voted 4, EVERYONE!
have yo have a boogie man to justify the military industrial complex  , trying to get more tanks built are ya?
Pitty @realDonaldTrump wont accept it is Russian Aggression.  Which also shot down an CIVILIAN airliner
so what is your suggestion? Tweeting is easy. Don't be so broad.
First you need a leader. Please get us one
It takes a lot of courage to stand up for a regime that has countless ties to the country you're advocating against.
I vote for that! Support Ukraine  and also protect the USA from Russian attacks.
Your leader continues to insult our allies and cover up and distract from his ties to .
Yes! First step impeach Trump! 44138
Fooled by this rhetoric into voting for you. Come to NEO and says this in Parma to all the Ukrainian-Americans.
Country before party! Impeach our Muscovian Candidate.
That would be a nice tweet to send to your senator, Rob. You're the senator, so why don't you take action? Now!
let's start by beginning Impeachment proceedings.
isn't that a little tough when #Russia has a man on the inside?
How? By tweeting policy positions without taking on the Trump admin? I’ll bet a look at his taxes would be informative!
#Russia got your man Trump elected. You should be nicer to them. Also, delete your account.
Apparently you really haven't been paying much attention to what the Pres. and his minions have been doing. WAKE UP!
THEN DO SOMETHING!actions speak louder than tweets. You have shown a true concern for the Ukraine, investigate Trump/Russia.
When are the Javelins being shipped or has Trump stopped letting you help Ukrainian people v Russian aggression in Donbas?
introduce a resolution to investigate @realDonaldTrump & his cabinet or we'll never address the Russian corruption.
Talk to the Russian asset @realDonaldTrump!
How about looking at 45 ties with Russia
A good start would be investigating the trump administration ties to Russia...
@TatAtfender Ukraine is part of Russia and we are ready to fight for it. Are you ready to war with Russia over Ukraine?
So true!  And we must know what obligation our POTUS has to Putin. Investigate that, don't agree to his military-state budget
good luck convincing comrade Trump.
bahaaa..that's a good one.  You think we're going to restore our leadership?  The leader of the free world just meet w Trump!
Tell that to 45 who is Putin's puppet.
You voted across the board 100% backing of every trump nominee. You had the chance to do something about #tillerson. Failure.
Make sure the President gets his sources from the State Dept and not Fox News or conspiracy theorists.
Are you deaf to the irony of this tweet?We deserve to be treated more intelligently than this.I'm sad I voted for you. Truly.
I voted for you because I mistakenly believed you would be somewhat of a foil to this moronic president. What a let down.
The POTUS included...
did u not see him with the German Chancellor.  do u see him blame Britain for wiretap.
again please step up and get rid of him, pence, ryan, bannon and the band of hate
careful, he's not receiving State briefings, we are all going to end up dead.
Nice soundbites, but you must actually do something for change to occurr. Congress doesn't seem interested in doing so.
Then #standuptothebully in the WH. He's ruining our leadership in the world and he's in cahoots w/ #Russia. #demandhistaxes
why do us support this regime by voting for his appointees and his policies.  step up for OH and all of US
