anything run by washinton dc will suck and ultimately fail why would anyone want dc to do your healthcare
they ARE gonna run it and you will be forced to participate And im a freedom loving American Have a nice day
okay im a bot.... lol good bye.
"Tax reform" is code for screwing your constituents in favor of your rich buddies. Quit taking money from the middle class for your donors.
Where was your voice when courageous Senators were opting out of voting for the horrible health care bill that was thrown together? OH voter
Stop cuts to SNAP!  Stop the lie of privatization that corrupts our prison system and will decimate Medicare.
Sooo are you going to work with our POTUS on the tax reform or work against the POTUS? The next time vote comes up I will not vote for you!!
You mean like more money for the rich.  I think that is the Republican mantra..
Still waiting for my fair share from trickle down economics. When will I see it? Been waiting 35 years.
Sure, raise taxes for the poor and give tax breaks to yourself and your corporate masters.
the poor dont pay income tax.
No, the poor don't pay ESTATE tax. If you have an income you pay income tax.
most poor or low income get it back with earned income tax credit. Far more than paid out. so yeah they dont pay.
Portman's poised to pick the pockets of the working poor... again.
Better wages? Like a $15 minimum?
Fraud.
Greatest wealth inequality since Great Depression. 50% of Americans living paycheck to paycheck.  Address THIS.
if you want more money improve yourself and do it.  dont wait for government
Trickle down is lie and we know it.  The income gap has never been larger.  Your actions don't support the people of Ohio.
What a joke. Now you tell us your are going to pass tax reform.  You have WH, house, and senate and you can't get anything done. Sad.
Infrastructure means more jobs. Talk about that
Sir, your job right now is to repeal OCare. No deflecting by talking about taxes. That comes AFTER repeal. Remember when we voted???
While I wish this were true, my employer sponsored (not paid for) insurance runs me $900 per month with $6000 deductible. Single payer now.
Code for tax breaks for the rich don't buy it
It means neither of those things if #TaxReform = tax cuts for corporations and the wealthy. You represent all of us, not just the 1%
.@indivisibledyt can you prove that? It's always tossed around like common knowledge but no one can connect the dots. 
If it's one thing the Republicans in this congress are known for, it's responsible financial planning.
Fix the darn Obamacare disaster!!!
How about you pay attention to what your constituents want. You work for us!!
#Smallbiz in OH and around US desperate for relief from outdated #taxcode. Main Street needs Congress to move on #taxreform ASAP.
Repeal in total the ACA obamacare. REPEAL!!!!!  please!
Redefine wealthy to 1 million dollars & above from all sources, wages, real estate holdings & income, hedge funds managers pay/gains, etc.
Reform taxes so the self employed aren't screwed. Bigger employers still need to pay their share.
You refuse 2 Repeal Obamacare! Can you say @JoshMandelOhio ?!
You guys really think you are something! Just stop stealing our money! It's not that hard
Just get it done!
@IndivisibleOH8 Will you resign if tax reform doesn't create more jobs & better wages? Don't think so! More "trickle down" economics?

Please produce the historical data that shows lowering corporate taxes leads to #jobs and higher wages!  For now it's just rhetoric
we know, tax breaks for rich, trickle down. your pathetic
good for you...now get ready to vote NO on ACA repeal...I live in OH...44062
You let us down on healthcare #Termlimits
No to TrumpTax reform for the rich Would eliminate earned income credit & head of household deductions hurting low & middle income families
We can't trust you. Obamacare must be repealed and the burdensome taxes removed! Vote Repeal!
yes and we all believe the fairy tale . "trickle down economy"
Pivoting so hard you might get whiplash.
As a reminder, you were budget director for Bush. You slashed taxes and regulations, leading to massive debt and crashing world economy.
It should also mean the president should release his tax returns. To see if he can be trusted with reforming the code.
One can only hope this will be more than the old " trickle down " #Kansas.
Enjoy your last term
Please get with @RandPaul on this issue also!#StandWithRand
Why even have taxes? If reducing them is always the answer, why not go full Republicon and eliminate them altogether?
So does #RepealObamacare.  You were elected because you promised #RepealObamacare.  Do it or voters will #RepealRobPortman
I expect you'll be just a vague with "tax reform" as you were with health care, but we know this is just a give away to the rich. #oligarchy
If you weren't part of the swamp before...you just became its captain
You are smoking crack? Giving to the rich from the poor. Yup great freaking idea. Do you want your job?
It was so nice to meet you yesterday. @Dysautonomia
Senator, repeal the health care fiasco, MAN up
Repeal? What repeal?
Shame on the do nothing GOP - whining about repealing for 7 yrs, yet ZERO happens because of their pigeon hole ideology. DO YOUR JOB
Hold a public town hall & hear for yourself how a $40 tax benefit for working-class & a $900k+ tax benefit for wealthiest is unfair & wrong.
Cant work on tax reform until you vote YEA for healthcare repeal. Just do it!
Seven years!
Tax cuts for who, you and the rest of the 1%ers?? Your constituents don't want that senator we want u to fix the ACA & keep our Lakes clean!
Trickle down economics didn't work then and it won't work now. Make the rich pay their fair share senator! #resist
Didn't we already try this like 15 years ago?? W slashed taxes on the rich and all we got was a recession!
Since the 1980's, the real wealth growth has gone to the 1% while middle/working class was shafted.  Are you prepared to correct that?

Don't just give corporations tax cuts for nothing. That doesn't equal jobs. Create a real jobs program, not just corporate giveaways.
No. It. Doesn't.
You are one of the richest in the Senate. A multi-millionaire. Tax reform will be skewed to only benefit the wealthy and your net worth.
Be careful with the promise of more jobs and better wages. That is what "trickle down economics" was supposed to do. How did that go?
Billionaires don't need tax breaks - middle/working class people do. Think about it.
NO MORE TAX BREAKS FOR BILLIONAIRES!!
As a life long republican, you need to DO YOUR JOB AND REPEAL this horrible Bill.  If not, we will lobby to replace you at next election.

Lol no it doesnt it means more profits for people that are already doing just fine.  Can't wait to vote you out.
depends

Translation: I want rich folks like me to pay even less in taxes. The gullible keep buying trickle down so I'll keep selling it.
#livingwage is where it's at! And until your president releases his Taxes, we can't support anything you present! Remember, you work for us!


Abolish taxation.
Hoping that you will provide tax cuts for the rich, who suffer so much from taxation, and have so little say in government
I am a constituent & I don't believe you. I think ALL Republicans are liars & only have their own self interest & that of the 1%.
@senrobportman we also need to bring f/t jobs w/benefits to inner cores of CMH; CLE; CVG; DAY; YNG; TOL etc. we can't have 2 Ohios! #OneOhio
Yeah, "tax reform," we all know what that means. 
'looting' has such a harsh connotation tho
No tax reform until Trump releases his taxes.  #DontheCon #WakeUpAmerica
Your employer pays more in taxes than any country in the world.They match what you pay .Free money for DC? WHY?
@senrobportman This country has never seen more prosperity than under Eisenhower Tax rate was 90%. But CEO's did not make 276x avg. salary
I'm sure you will make sure that fails too
Can you guarantee me a raise when my boss gets a tax cut? No? Then I guess trickle down doesn't work. Also, vote no on any ACA repeal.
Tax reform without repeal & replace Obamacare is a joke. Reform has hands tied by  the massive taxes of OCare. GOP becoming a joke.
Trickle down does not work.
How about jobs in Ohio?  No tax breaks for the rich or #resist.
#TrumpRussia #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump #Resist
FLASHBACK: Don Jr. July 24, 2016. On the Clinton campaign's claims that the Russians were helping Trump: "It's disgusitng. It's so phony." 
#TrumpRussia #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump #Resist
Bush 43 WH ethics lawyer on NYT story/Donald Trump Jr. and Kushner meeting with Russian lawyer: “This borders on treason” via @MSNBC 
That's nice, unfortunately we don't believe a word you say #RepealObamacare

I'm all for that, that's great news! But I am NOT about giving rich folks tax breaks. If there are tax breaks for the rich, I don't support
#ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia #RESIST

Sheriff Richard Jones, the racist Trump lover of Butler Co. refuses to save people from overdosing. #opioidcrisis https://twitter.com/bakerjournal/status/887377245911871489 …
