if you care about education vote no on Betsy DeVos. She is not qualified.
if you believe in the students of this state, vote NO on #BetsyDeVos she is unqualified and dangerous to our kids!
If you really care about Ohio students, please vote "NO" on Betsy DeVos for Secretary of Education.
Then make sure sure they do not go to OSU, liberal college that coddles snowflakes
What about our Muslim students and immigrants?! #NoMuslimBanJFK
love how you support students! In order to continue this support we ask you to vote NO on Betsy DeVos for Sec. of Education!
WE NEED DIVERSITY IN OHIO SCHOOLS!!! Grow a pair and fight diverse / discrimatory Trump
If you care about kids, then please do not support Betsy DeVos. She is unqualified, kids deserve better than this.
how will Ohio children be "jobs ready" after Devos dismantles the public school system? #DumpDevos or we need to #Dumpportman
try teaching them life skills! Not common core! Hell, most can't count change back!
I would hope you can stand with most Ohioans in supporting public education and refugees. The #MuslimBan is UNCONSTITUTIONAL
STOP with these ridiculous tweets. These are making Portman look out of touch, at best. Xenophobic at worst.
if you're serious about that then you should vote against Betsy DeVos
Devos bought your vote. You clearly don't work for your constituents #DumpDevos #DumpPortman
Instead of waiting until you're up for reelection, we should just recall you. #DumpDevos #DumpPortman
You ought to seek a better candidate (than DeVos) for Ed. Sec. while you're at it...
If you care about education, you would know that DeVos is not qualified. You need to oppose.
if you want them to be job ready than #StopDeVos Bad for public education!
Won't happen if you let Betty DeVos in charge of Education.  She must be stopped.
vote no on DeVos! She is not the right candidate for public education. #noDeVos
I hope you don't vote for Betsy DuVos, she will be HORRIBLE for public schools.
any comments about the unconstitutional #MuslimBan that affects students in Ohio?
proper education and training precede getting a job. No on DeVos. We can do better.
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos and please, stand up to this ban! Our country wouldn't exist without refugees!
then prove it by voting no on that Devos creature.
If you care about Ohio students you'll vote no on devos.
the SOE nominee would do much to hurt this bipartisan bill. Please say no to #DeVosconfirmation and for Public ed #nea
everything going on and you're talking about baseball?? You don't see a problem with that?
what about the OSU student who was detained today by #MuslimBan ? Has she managed to return to school or was she deported?
your silence is deafening. What's your position? You are Ohio's voice and you say nothing. Take a stand or grow a spine
Stop promoting yourself.  Get to work to stop the insanity!
could you do a little research on the for profit AI of Cincinnati closing their doors and not giving students tools needed
will you support the Syrian refugees?  Will you please speak out on this?  I am a constituent. Please do the right thing!
Ohio voter here, like you care. Stand up for what's right #MuslimBan is illegal and not American. Stop falling in line and SPEAK OUT
lots of tweets today and nothing about refugee ban. I've never been so ashamed of my country.
Another reason to reject DeVos. These students are the future of our economy.
Vote NO on DeVos too, if you care about education. She is utterly unqualified. #resist
- cool, but what about the ban on refugees? Some of which served side by side with American soldiers?
Wow. The house is on fire and you're adjusting the pancake recipe. Please pay attention to what matters. #MuslimBan
What about the foreign students who are now stranded either here or there because of YOUR PRESIDENT's ban?
Let's focus on the unconstitutional, inhumane, and un-American #MuslimBan first, Senator.
why not teach them on the job. That's how you learned to be senator.
stop patronizing tweets & respond to us your voters about how youre going to stop @realDonaldTrump from destroying America
Step1: Keep DeVos out
Do you support Trump's #MuslimBan?
TAKE A STAND ONCE IN YOUR LIFE. STOP THE REFUGEE BAN NOW.
#VoteNoDevos #EducationForAll
why aren't you standing up with your fellow senators against the ban? Stop with the clueless tweets! #NoMuslimBan
then you should not vote for Betsy Devos.  She will ruin education for all except those making money off of her
Where do you stand on the refugee ban? Issue a statement.
Republicans need to stand up to Trump,  oppose #muslimban, no wall, and no negotiating with Russia!
Put Industrial Arts back in the schools! We don't need new laws!
you need to speak out against Trump Ohio does not condone #MuslimBan please do not remain silent represent us!
really? This is what your tweeting about today? What about Ohio green card holders? What about Ohio immigrants? #NoMuslimBan
your silence speaks volumes.

Cowardly Republicans go utterly silent in the face of Trump's cruelty to refugees and immigrants http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/01/28/1626504/-Cowardly-Republicans-go-utterly-silent-in-the-face-of-Trump-s-cruelty-to-refugees-and-immigrants …
And Portman keeps tweeting into the wind....
-THIS is what you're tweeting about today? How about condemning refugee exec order? And denying Devos' s appt?
Please oppose President Trump's executive order on banning refugees. We want to see you stand up for #NoHateNoFear
Why aren't you speaking out for refugees, immigrants, Muslims, Americans?
you talking about our students. Our country is becoming like Nazi Germany-quit turning a blind eye-that's what happened there
Senator, please oppose Trump on #MuslimBan.  #Cleveland

Disgraceful! Iraqi interpreter for US Army Ahmed Nashmi+wife/baby were heading to USA on visa. Risked life for 6 years. Visa just cancelled.
so this is what we can expect? u will ignore unconstitutional actions by potus instead of protecting us and our rights? Shame
I am so disappointed to be represented by a sen who is touting his bills on the day America is turning our back on its ideals
@POTUS is purposely creating havoc that is creating crisis& will lead to riots. Address the problem at hand&take a stand plez
Make sure no one is detained with a green card.   You are a professed Christian.  Stop this madness!

To my colleagues: don't ever again lecture me on American moral leadership if you chose to be silent today. 
even if they're immigrants? or not christian?
getting that $5.3 million fine from DeVos would be a start. Impeach Trump

To those fleeing persecution, terror & war, Canadians will welcome you, regardless of your faith. Diversity is our strength #WelcomeToCanada
just know your silence weakens us as a country. We no longer lead the world - which is what Putin wanted. You are aiding Rus.
Quit sending out these ridiculous tweets today and address the elephant in the room!  Stand up for what's right.
Can you please introduce the bipartisan Stop the Country From Going To Hell bill?
You do know what's happening in America today, right? Please acknowledge and oppose the Muslim Ban!

Trump executive order could block 500,000 legal U.S. residents from returning to America from trips abroad: https://www.propublica.org/article/trump-executive-order-could-block-legal-residents-from-returning-to-america/?utm_campaign=bt_twitter&utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social …
can we ask make sure they can study here and contribute to society? Senator, stand up against the #muslimban stand 4 values!
There is no muslim ban!
what is it then?
you better teach our kids to lay bricks and round up immigrants because that's our bright future, sir.
if you don't stand up to Trump on the Muslim ban you are harming Ohio.
You're seriously embarrassing yourself today. Please speak up on behalf refugees, Muslims, Americans. You can't ignore this!
Rob, will you stand up to Trump's over his illegal and unconstitutional #MuslimBan? Ohio needs strong leadership. @senrobportman
