It sounds like you are all for UNIVERSAL HEALTH COVERAGE. Good for you! It's what this nation needs and what our President promised.
Do you want to address costs now… or later? #acha
Compounding costs & enrollment just leaves more behind in the future. #finance
I have preexisting conditions; my grandchild is deaf, another has autism. Have mercy.
Maybe you could try the Heritage plan that Mitt Romney instituted in Massachusetts?
Please make sure that pre-existing conditions remain covered for the benefit of both Ohioans and all Americans!
Sen then tackle the insurance, pharma, and device companies that gouge budgets of your fellow Ohioans.  Break the Hospitals from Insurances
Rob, stand up for us the way Dave Joyce has done. Fix what the House gets wrong on healthcare
You are doing the right thing!
Rob the fool is un-American
They need to leave behind (in prison) those health execs and docs who have screwed Americans for years via fraudulent pricing.   fixhc.us
So far you've shown little will to do the right thing. The PEOPLE you represent would like that to change.
I hope that you realize that #highRiskPoolsFail and that the preexisting portion of the AHCA must be removed. Over 30% of Ohioans have a PEC
remember too that "ppl" here goes beyond those w/ opioid addictions and includes anyone on this list. Don't leave us behind. Vote no.
So I can finally count on your NO vote on something?
I have no faith that you mean this.
Please vote no, sir. I like my prenatal care and my little cousin appreciates her treatment for her congenital heart defect. She's 9.
Then you had better vote against this bill when it gets to you.
Please vote NO on this heinous bill. GOP hates women, children, seniors, vets, the poor, the sick, etc. show OHIO you hear us. #VoteNoAHCA
Please stand up for what is best for the "least of us".  Be a man of courage and principle. #ACARepealDebate
Millions of your constituents will be left behind if you vote yes to this bill.
As an Ohioan, I will remember if you vote for this travesty, or anything equally heinous. And I will remind everyone of it. Count on this.
You've left people behind before with your votes on Gorsuch, DeVos, Pruitt, Sessions. Why should I believe you now?!
All great appointees
hardly.
The only redeeming attempt is Just. Gorsuch. He also voted to remove privacy protections and clean power
Remember this?
Thank you for being a common sense advocate for your Ohio constituents during the healthcare debate.  You help patients, doctors,& hospitals
Tens of millions of people including the disabled.
How can anyone believe a word you say @senrobportman ?
Two OH House Republicans voted NO yesturday. Please make changes to ACA and dont hide and celebrate behind a shameless Republican President.
Please say you will vote NO on the AHCA. We deserve better!
#trumpcare leaves millions of ppl behind. Experts agree, it will be devastating for everyone but the 1% that can afford. #VoteNoAHCA
Amen.
That's your Party, buddy!  You aren't up for re-election for 5+ yrs, but you are going to be surrounded by More Democrats, Senate & House.
As a conservative I do not think Congress and the Senate will come up with a health care plan the People can afford or coverage we need.
Look at the salaries of insurance company CEO's who make tens of millions of dollars a year. Why? So they can hike my premiums annually.
It's not congresses job to "lower health care costs". It's your job to get out of the way so the market can lower them. #closetdemocrat
Socialist
I live in Cincy. If you support bringing back pre-existing conditions, it will haunt you worse than your support of Betsy DeVos 
Thank you, please continue take a stand for the people who deserve fair healthcare coverage. It is a right for all
Shut up. You're a part of the problem too. All of you so-called patriots to the 10th power Repubs are traitors and enablers. Yeah, I said it
I am going to be watching Ur next vote on #Trumpcare and making sure if you don't keep Ohioans interests at heart my next vote is against U
If the AHCA becomes law, my 71yo mother will die.
Please vote against AHCA
Standing with those who will be hurt by @PatTiberi's vote on the #AHCA. #WeWillRemember #AHCAHurtsOhio #LetOhioLive #saveACA
I hope you keep that in mind when it is your turn to vote on this.  Will you be a lemming or a leader?
Yes, please and thank you.
Good idea.  Please tell your friend @RepSteveChabot next time ur @ the campaign office u share here in Cinci.
We are depending on legislators with a conscience to help our most vulnerable. Not to punish them.
I hope you will stand by this statement when the pressure is on.
Splendid idea! How does this happen?
Trump has trumped everyone. I hope you won't. I don't understand how our elected officials can do this to us. Do they hate us?
Then I trust you will stand against the proposed healthcare
Don't bullshit us. Vote NO.
Agreed. What happened today is ridiculous.
Medicare for all would do just that
If you vote Yes on this abortion of a bill, we are coming for YOUR seat and until then, we will make your professional life VERY difficult.
He won't be up for reelection for five and half years. We are stuck with him.
Yep.  And until then we dog his every move, every vote, every statement.  His 5.5 years can just be a little less pleasant.
Yeah well you didn't go it. Big fail...
So you're acknowledging here, that if you don't vote NO, you're fine with being replaced? Right?
#DoTheRightThing #This family physician believes in #singlePayer
And just to be clear, those people include women. The GOP's war on women must end.
You have an obligation to all of us not just the wealthy
You have an opportunity here to listen to your constituents. I hope you do some soul searching and do the right thing.
We'll be holding you to this, Senator. Real lives are at stake.
Yes, house bill and partisan gloating are reprehensible. Celebration is for more lucre for the 1%ers, and Trump's ego, not about health care
Start with tort reform and drug prices, unless that is too close to home.

JUST IN: ObamaCare repeal bill contains exemption for members of Congress and their staffs http://hill.cm/nPH6pef  
Are trying to suck up to us now?
Portman is a Senator - He didn't vote today or at all on this yet
"Yet" being the operative word.
He is opposed to the version that passed today in the House per this --
Again, "yet" is the operative word.  We will see how he votes; so far, he's been quite disappointing.
We will hold you to this. You must listen to the people of Ohio and #votenoonahca
Well congrats, because you just screwed over the vast majority of your constituents.
24 million behind and millions more left unprotected from pre-existing opt out clause.  Your vote matters on this Rob!
why are members of congress exempt from the changes?
I hope this means you will vote no. The majority of Americans want this bill to fail #noAHCA
Please stick to this principle.  I am dismayed that the House jammed through a Bill without any impact analysis.
Why don't we stop giving people 4,5,6,7,8 and more doses of Narcan and spend that tax
 payer dollars on the people who really need help.
Did you vote for this latest spending bill?
If you truly believe that you'll vote no.
That responsible action starts with a no vote on your part.
Will u stop big pharma price gouging? #ProtectOurCare @SenSherrodBrown @SenSchumer @oh3voters
I hope this means you will vote against the #AHCA
What will you and the Senate do? You have demonstrated concern for victims of opioid addiction crisis in Ohio. Pls let that be your guide.
I hope that you will vote in keeping with this view. NO on the coming vote but also real protections and support for vulnerable Ohioans.
Please don't think we won't notice if the Senate creates a different bill that is still horrible.
So u want to keep obamacare? How about Americans enjoy the same healthcare as Congress & Senate?
House Republicans have become so obsessed with the "Obama" part of "Obamacare" that they don't care about anything else.
Too late in the House. Another #GOPfail. We won't forget in 2018.
Do not allow sales taxes on health services and reign in prescription drug prices.  A 15 to 20 % reduction in costs with no loss of service.
I have insurance via my employer-based plan, likely the largest in the US, yet experienced 20% increase in '18. Collapse or Repeal/Replace
Check back with me in a week @senrobportman . I bet you fall in line just like the rest of your party.
Presumably the Senate will wait for a CBO score to see how bill affects all Americans and 1/6th of our economy.
Please follow through on your own words and #VoteNoAHCA
You gave 'deference' to an insane man when you voted to confirm DeVose and Pruitt. Are you still on the same page with the lunatic in WH?
Consider doing yourself and USA big favor: Save us all much time + agony; step up, announce you won't support this horrific idea in Senate.
So, you are a "no" on the ACHA as passed by the House?
I hope this means you will not vote for this supposed "healthcare" bill!
I hope you mean that. Would be surprised if you do though
Senator, I can finally agree with you! #fight if #AHCA isn't good enough for congress, it's not good enough for everyone else.
How about prohibiting drug advertising? How about federal drug negotiation? How about Canadian drugs? How about OTC hearing aids?
What is your position on this new bill?
Screenshoting this for when you eventually cave and vote yes.
The house version just passed will leave millions behind and raise costs for people like me, kick the entire bill back. #dotherightthing
If this becomes law I guess I will die!  Have T25 diabetes won't be able to afford treatment!  This is evil!
Bullshit, you'll vote Yea next week. Stop pretending you're not going to.
Ball's in your court now. Good luck. I fear you're going to need it.
Tell your friends!
Over 50? Tough luck.
#Trumpcare imposes an age tax on Americans over 50 by allowing insurance companies to charge these consumers up to 5x MORE https://twitter.com/aarpfl/status/860212646301380608 …
I certainly hope I can count on your voice against this healthcare travesty.
Let's start with not making things worse, like #AHCA
