Pass clean bills on CHIP and DACA.  Show you really care for the children and young adults.
why don't you do something then instead of using this as a bargaining chip for #taxcutsfortherich #racsit
And Medicaid and b.c.
Not if it Cuts more than $5 billion from the Affordable Care Act’s prevention and public health fund.

Walk the walk not just talk the talk! Take action
This is another epic FAIL on the part of this republican led administration.  Unbelievable, thoughtless, clueless at the top.
Hmm.... I don't work in Congress, you know anybody who does senator?
I love it when we agree. I hate that it happens so rarely.

Time for you to grow and backbone and speak out for Ohio against your failing party and its lunatic master.
Please make sure this happens!
Senator Portman is on the case, so now we'll see some action! says no one who has been awake this year.
Quick close the barn door the horse has gotten out
Thank you
Ummm...you are in Congress. You've wasted weeks discussing replace and repeal (you still haven't told us where you stand on it). #DoYourJob
He wants to take healthcare from the poor and women and give tax cuts to the rich
Don't I know it. He's too much of a coward to say that out loud. His aides: "The senator is still reviewing the bill."
Pass a clean bill to renew it. We are tired of the gop holding children hostage.
#ExtendCHIP then look in the mirror, baby.
You're right but do u actually read the replies? Listen to Ohians for a change! Stop being so sneaky, fix ACA and extend #CHIP .
This is what a leader does when policy is correct.  Now stop touting the planned tax reform like it's good for Americans
Are you a janitor or Senator? Stop the tweet and get to work for CHIP extension.
Vote no on tax bill
You must extend CHIP and you must not cut Medicare or Medicaid.
Why did you vote to take away Medicaid from 850K Ohioans?
Your term isn't forever and we won't forget the tax cut you're about to get as Ohioans lose health care and become even MORE IMPOVERISHED
Yes. With a non convoluted bill unlike the one GOP has put forth. #CHIP
If only we had an insider who could convince their colleagues to pass legislation...  #leadership
You know you're in the congress right. We sent you there so shit like this wouldn't happen.
U must act u know where YR prez is leading our country act now b4 it's too late
And Pence waste money for political stunts like yesterday
The GOP Congress just passed their tax reform bill that would gut the CHIP program. And you will too when it gets to the Senate. Two-faced
How about also working to repair the ACA instead of repeal? That would be awesome.
You seem to have turned your back on the least among us. How can u not recognize the link between poverty and sex trafficking ur pet project
What's YOUR plan??
Heads up big guy... You are in Congress & you and the GOP goons let #CHIP expire. Your cynical manipulation of #OHIO wont work anymore.
Can the GOP act on anything? The party that can't govern.
The 10th amendment seems to indicate this should be handed off to the states. Why are you maintaining support for this as a federal program?
You are in Congress.   Do your job
Why?
You and your party need to start caring about humans.
Program expired a week ago, it's a good thing Kasich cares more than you!
 Why weren't you tweeting about this sooner?
CHIP is extremely important, Senator. Please ensure no one in Congress plays political games with children’s healthcare. Clean renewal.
You Republicans let funding run out!!! SAD!!!
You let it expire.Fraud.
Maybe Ohio should budget better. Maybe Ohio should "encourage" those who need chip to get off their asses and take care of themselves. Maybe
Tell Chabot...
Guess you guys shouldn't have let it expire, huh?
Why was it allowed to lapse in the first place?
Craven for power only to aid the rich
Tell us what you are going to do Rob.  Be specific
I’m begging you to join forces with @SenSherrodBrown to get chip funded and to work on the ACA
Why don't you get off your ass and do something for a change!
Ohio ranks 48th in infant mortality #IncreaseCHIP keep #Medicaid fund #PlannedParenthood don't let kids 
I am a constituent & I would point out to you that it is your Republican party that hate the poor, children, and elderly.
CHIP saved my kiddo with cancer!
Huh? Are you sick? Temperature? You're exhibiting kindness to poor people.
YOU are a member of Congress! Get it done! And retroactive to expiration date so no loss of coverage for millions of children! #CHIP @OhioDistrict12 @ProgressOhio @innovationohio @umcjustice
But you're totally cool with taking away healthcare from millions of people in order to give tax cuts to billionaires. Got it.
we hard-working Americans need a tax cut we need to repeal and replace Obamacare take a stand senator
Thank you for taking a principled stand to help children.
If we had #SinglePayerNow we wouldn't have to worry about extra programs like #CHIP.

Get your priorities straight.
with Obama Care draining our bank account I doubt the US has extra money 4 program like chip
We should spend more on Mar-a-Lago golfing trips for #POTUS and chartered jets for his cabinet members.

#RepublicanLogic
I blame your @gop bosses. When are you going to take a @!$&$%! stand???
What about DACA? What about PUERTO RICO? What about women's healthcare being stripped away? And yes CHIP?
We know....tell your cronies about it, not us!
Maybe if you hadn't spent months trying to steal our healthcare, CHIP would've already been renewed, eh?
Both Republicans and Democrats need to stop viewing Healthcare as a political tennis ball. Go back to the table and work together on it!
We all know you don’t care about kids, since you were ready to kill Obamacare for millions. Maybe you’re hoping to cut Medicare and Medicaid
Why did you sit on your ass and allowed it to expire. Because you too busy trying to take our health  insurance away to give tax cut to rich
Oh my gosh this is first time you have tweeted anything in support of poor kids!  But why did you let it run out?
Who do I call to lobby for CHIP extension?
Why did you let it expire, Senator? Are you so bad at your job that you forgot to extend a program that literally protects childrens' lives?
And your party's plan is to pay for children's healthcare by slashing healthcare for adults/elderly patients.
Want CHIP to be extended, but not at the expense of Medicare/Medicaid!  Find a better way!
Where oh where are those #ProLife #BibleThumpin #EVANGELICALS Now?
Jesus fed the multitudes...What r u going to do? #WWJD @Franklin_Graham
Rob's constituents feeling uneasy, uncertain about the future as Rob works on a tax cut for himself.
Why didn’t you do something to stop this?
Rob Portman LIED & DID NOT VOTE TO REPEAL & REPLACE Obamacare!
you let it expire
