Not public, not a "Town Hall." You know better.
What town hall? Just like most of Washington now everything has to be a big secret or behind closed doors.
Did you discuss saber rattling? The destruction of public education? The embarrassment that is our President?
Who do you think you are fooling? Scaredy cat.
Regrets I couldn't attend. Please support S.18 @FairTaxOfficial for bona fide #taxreform
calling these events townhalls is even more insulting than the fact you won't hold an actual townhall
Hey! That's not a town hall. Don't lie! We're sick of it. You've been in DC too long. Now you are spewing freaking alt facts. I call BS.
6 yuppies is not a town. And that's not a hall. Be a man and face your constituents.
What town did you invite to this town hall?
makes it worse that you r calling this a #TownHall what a slap in face 2your constituents who have been begging to meet w u
Was this open to the public? Where was it advertised? It's not a town hall if only supporters are invited.
You're a lying P.o.S. Embarrassing OH on a daily basis.
This looks more like a supporter meet & greet. Why not have an open townhall for the people you serve?
You lie, sir. A townhall requires that you make it open to your constituents. Why do you ignore us?
Why didn't I know about this open to the public meeting?  Oh, because it wasn't. You don't know what a townhall meeting really is.
Hahaha!!  Why weren't your constituents invited?  Who put a check in your pocket this time?
Typical Swamp behavior. Money talks and the other 99% get ignored.
What town hall???? I was not informed.
You are so insulting to the intelligence of Ohio voters.  You really think you can label a private meeting as a townhall?  You are a LIAR
GOP can't face real people that ask real questions. Was "Town hall" in quotes? That makes lying ok. #GrowAPair
How come none of us who've been asking for a town hall were told about it?
How can you call this a town hall if it's not open to "town"? Some of us buckeyes are getting pissed at this #shitshow
https://trklvs.com/index.html?s=687055&f=77 …
THIS IS NOT A TOWN HALL, #rubberstampRob. We've explained this many times. #payattention #REALTownHallNOW #doyourjobrob #SCHEDULETHETOWNHALL
#chickenrob your time is limited you want nothing to do with the people your supposed to be representing
He probably doesn't care if his time is limited. He's collected his donations and will get his lifetime gov't pension.
Town hall indicates that the town was invited... not a select few. Misrepresentation!!
Townhall without constituents is kinda like   #TAXREFORM without tax returns @realDonaldTrump
We've been over this, Senator:  private business meetings ARE NOT TOWN HALLS.
"the population of this town is five. And they are all very rich."
When and where is the Columbus town hall?
"Townhall" = alternative fact.
Looks like this was part of his audition tape for the next season of The Apprentice
please advertise your next town hall so your voters can show up #TownHall #dontbescared
you had a town hall?! Why didn't you make it known to your constituents? #coward #notatownhall
FYI- NOT a town hall.
Do you wear asbestos underwear to protect your nads from your pants on fire so much? #liar
Really?! This is not a public town hall. Do not portray it as such. Don't be a . Come to Cleveland for a real town hall
Looks like a photo op / donor meeting to me. #notatownhall #doyourjobrob
THAT IS NOT A TOWNHALL. MAN UP!
Meeting supporters in your office hall doesn't count. Do your job. Trump is hiding something no tax return and u don't care Russians in WH
This was not a 'Townhall' meeting sir. You score 0 points with your voters for this appearance at a corporation! Nice try-
OUR TOWNHALL?  NICE TRY!
What town hall was that? Are you still not inviting the town to your town halls?
Doubleplus ungood use of the word townhall!
Did you invite the town of Columbus, OH? Didn't think so. Believe me, I'm looking for every invitation from you. It was a private meeting.
Its not a #TownHall if you dont invite the town, @senrobportman
this is not a town hall. Please do not insult our intelligence.
"Alternative town hall"
Town hall!! I've been waiting for one of those. Wait. Your definition of town hall isn't the same of mine. Face your constituents, sir.
Since when did private events become townhall? Are these new Alternative Townhalls? To disseminate alternative facts?
Uh, I didn't know about it nor was I or Amy of my neighbors invited. What gives?

Be clear: this is not a town hall. This is a paid corporate appearance. You have yet to offer a true town hall dialogue to your constituents
It doesn't look like a town hall but more like a donor event. Real town hall talk about #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns closing tax loopholes
Town hall? I must have missed the notice to the public. Have a real one we all can attend.
This was not a townhall.
I missed my invite, RSVP: I imagine people shouting, DO YOUR JOB, Hypocrite, Women's Healthcare. Shove that WALL somewhere?
If that's a townhall, I'm the fucking Pope, Rob.
Did you happen to be concerned about #TrumpRussiaCollusion  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#fakenews Pictures of you looking for more white business donors. #resign
Not townhall when not open to constituents. Give us a real townhall, April 23. #chickenrob
You ever think to meet with your non-supporters? Chicken.
This was not a town hall. It was a meeting with business execs. Stop hiding.
What town hall was this?! Not legit if not open to the public.
.Fielding softballs from JP Morgan at JP Morgan is NOT a townhall. It's a donor meeting
JP Morgan really needs the attention to human trafficking and opioids, good to see you going to where the problem is, brave @senrobportman
Let's get beyond the talking!
What town hall? Not opening it to the public is chicken shit
When is your Cleveland town hall?
Those aren't average voters, they are special interests.

Tbat wasn't a town hall, you ARE a liar.
Just "BOOOO" on you Rob Portman!
Not a true town hall #MilquetoastPortman
My invite must have gotten lost in the mail...
It's a sham, and so are you!
Foreign Affairs: “stupid or nefarious” "@JasonKander (THREAD) THIS IS A REALLY BIG DEAL. I'm going to tell you why https://twitter.com/thehill/status/854638480252645376 … …
Aircraft carrier was not moving toward North Korea when White House claimed it was http://hill.cm/H3ua4Pe  
Maybe if the Defense Department started Tweeting troop and ship positions DJT would know what was going on?
Was this open to the public, advertised on your page?  This was not a townhall!  #WhereIsPortman
Looks like a board meeting with top dollar donors.
Where was this town hall?  Was it open to the public or just supporters?
Was the the town invited? Sounds like this was a closed event. It is insulting to you constituents to call a private event a #TownHall .
THIS, was your town hall?? Ridiculous.
It wasn't a town hall, it was a private meeting with JP Morgan employees.
#ChickenRob, real town halls are open to the public. When can I talk with you about tax reform, etc.? I've asked for a meeting.
what #TownHall? You and a hand full of invited guests? SHAM! Come to your office in Cleveland around 4 today and let's have a chat.
Oh my gosh! It's not a freaking townhall!!
