I remember calling your office before the inauguration to complain about white supremacists in the WH. You believed the @potus 1/
Had the right to pick his own team. This is what happens when you give them a voice. You need to call for resignations and firings 2/2
I called my senator too.  His aides didn't know who Gorka was.
Omg. What state?
Ironically, NY. But those were staffers.  I've got Gillibrand and Schumer - Gillibrand is always on the right side; Schumer often is.
Awesome. Good leaders.
 I've got @DickDurbin  and @SenDuckworth. Feel blessed. How many folks in red states feel that way??
In Alabama, we had Sessions, now have Shelby and Strange. I'd rather have Judge Roy Moore, at least he doesn't belong to business.
You have a better choice and could help the whole country by voting @dougjonesforsenate.
Your party, your president Mr. Portman.  Money/mouth.
Thanks for you condemnation of hate and bigotry. But you need to work with the Congress to tell the WH that this is not acceptable.
How can you do that and remain a Republican?
1st, you're giving these people a platform and adding fuel to their argument,
is it so wrong to want to protect your history and race?
however i agree that our culture and heritage is under attack by politicians who are too afraid of offending people, the left started this..
Then get rid of #bannon and #gorka. You do nothing and are therefore complicit in all of this. Blood is on your hands. #Charlottesville
And Steven Miller has to go, too
He won't force him to do anything. He's a spineless politician who will forget all of this and won't make trump move an inch.
Spineless republican I think you mean.
Are there any democrats demanding they go?
Yes. Maxine Waters
But thanks! I didn't think of her right away.
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/101202260/ … more than just Rep. Waters...
Thanks for saying this
Yes senator so your R's ALL should be saying this & your Pres. What are you going to do about this?
Now let's see what actions you take to follow up like working to stop voter suppression targeting minorities.
When are you going to hold the GOP and the GOP President accountable for labeling it domestic terrorism.  Stand up for US citizens!
THEN ACTUALLY STAND AGAINST 45 & DO SOMETHING OTHER THAN TWEET YOUR CONDEMNATION.
Then why are you supporting a White House with card-carrying Nazis? Call on the POTUS to get rid of Bannon, Gorka, and the other racists.
Senator Portman I've always respected the way youve handled yourself, so I ask what are YOU going to do about it?
Senator, thank you, but please take no solace in your words...many of these people come from your state.
Too little too late.  Trump is your guy- own it and stop being a coward
But, started this not white nationalist. Leftist-Sorosist begin dimestic terrorism. They ar AntiKapitalist, Anti-normalist, NeoMarxist.
and far-left extremism not to forget..
Absolutely, Senator Portman.
Okay, Mr. President—@realDonaldTrump @POTUS: when it happened abroad, we condemned it as terrorism. #Charlottesville  https://twitter.com/iangertler/status/896472837455609856 …
And call it Terrorism.  Make the administration call it that as well.
Yes the domestic terrorism of antifa & BLM which have been running rampant as cowards virtue signal. This is leadership?
Tell that to Cult45
You can do something about it Senator but the spineless @GOP cowers in the corner. Shameful.
Until you stand up to Trump, you need to shut up, Rob.
Not a tragedy. It is a natural outcome of the rhetoric of the past year from Trump.  Your words are weak and meaningless.
We hold your Birther Party for the hate in this Country
I will remember this and so will everyone whom you have put in harm's way by not performing your Constitutional duties.
I wonder if this attack will be logged by Mr. Gorka's selective memory.
Condemn, yes, but not undermine the 1st amendment rights of citizens. Divorce the terrorism from the rest.
You do realize it was Antifa that drove the car into Antifa? You do realize it was Antifa that attacked protestors that had a permit? Sad.
Trump won't. Will you step up and condemn him? Be a man, be a patriot, be an American and call out Trump.
Be a WOMAN more like. They are the ones who stand up and step up.
Condemn Communism too you coward!!! This was Nazis vs communists!!
Maybe you should tag your boy in the White House if you truly believe this. Let him know it's unacceptable to ignore hate crimes.
Thank you for saying what the slimeball leader of your party was incapable of saying.
Tell @POTUS this. If he doesn't call this what it is, and condemn it, then get to work with your @GOP at impeach this world embarrassment!
And by that I mean they're just labels the media is throwing around to demonize anyone who isn't a leftist or neocon.
Want us to believe you are sincere? Denounce GOP efforts to suppress minority voting! #votersuppression
Cute words. No action. DO something.
Thank you for condemning this more unequivocally than @POTUS would. Now, let's remove ALL traitorous Confederate monuments. #Charlottesville
Can't have it both ways! Support @realDonaldTrump, & you support white nationalist!
You and your cowardly GOP colleagues Enabled this Senator. May these terrible deaths forever be on your conscience.
Wow Rob! You actually took a stand!!
And here is what the nazis published after trumps speech
Thank you, now u & ur #GOP colleagues need 2 partner w. Dems & pressure #POTUS to get rid of #Bannon & #Gorka #Charlottesville
Wake up and stand up to @realDonaldTrump Country first. Bannonites and Millerite's don't belong in our White House. #Nazis

Is this your way of saying that the killing today was justified? That those people deserved to be run over because they were protesting
Just words until you and your fellow GOP clearly denounce Trump and act to remove him from office. He is a clear and present danger.
Your support of the man is support of the agenda. Live with this, own it and take it with you on your judgement day.
Call the president out by name with your fellow Republicans. Ohio is counting on you.
'White nationalism' is the new 'alt right' which was the new 'conservatives who are not neo-cons' you fool.
You enabled Trump. You enabled them. Shame.
I'm a constituent (Toledo).  Don't think I won't remember your weak response to the oncoming threat to me and my family.
Yeah... but you still back hate-mongering, riot inciting trump & his goons 
Appreciated. But. WORDS, WORDS, WORDS. Stand up. DO something. Tell your colleagues you will not support this anymore. FFS - PLEASE.
Thanks, Senator Portman, for your clear message. Much appreciate your specific message.
Yes we must. Thank you for taking a strong stand (finally)against white nationalism, hatred, and domestic terrorism.
How can you condem such hatred by radicals and notdamn the radical left and their supression of the First Ammendment? # milktoast
Trump has 2 White Nationalists working in the WH Bannon and Miller when will you condemn that ? When is enought a enought
don't forget Gorka
You Rob Portman are a spineless coward. Words are useless when you support him.
Start by condemning the White House, NC GOP attempts to disenfranchise black voters and racial gerrymandering for credibility.
We can't have a president who supports white supremacy. You need to censure and impeach.
Very nice sentiment.  Now what are you going to DO about it? Your lunatic in the Oval Office is a white supremacist.
.@senrobportman The car that was used to murder those people in Virginia is registered in your state, Senator. Just an FYI.
The driver is from Maumee, Ohio near Toledo.
Just to be fair, he is a transplant from Kentucky. Only lived in Ohio a year.
So the man who plowed his car into a crowd and murdered a woman is from Mitch McConnell country? Good job @GOP.
It is too early to tell if he was radicalized in Portman country or McConnell country...
I saw you refuse to endorse Trump as candidate. Denounce him by name as every legislator should after his despicable statement yesterday
STAND UP and be COUNTED!!  This TWEET is LITERALLY the least you can do.  Try to do more than the least you can do!!
Aren't these the same people that our racist AG said will no longer require DoJ surveillance? Aren't Bannon, Gorka and Miller the same ilk?
Yes they are Lisa, & thanks for pointing it out! #SupportTrumpSupportRacists
And condemn the president who told them "get them out of here" with your car.
And Antifa and BLM right Rob?
I hope we voters of Ohio condemn you. You stand with 45 , and we see you. Coward.
Start in Ohio! I'm not surprised AT ALL that the terrorist came from OH. The entire state's polluted w/racists! They Are NOT 'good ol'boys'!
Tell your fucking President!
We must condemn all nationalism, we are one people of many colors. Funny how you wrote that
The time to condemn racism was when Trump was spouting birther nonsense. You were quiet and now he's president.
it's not white nationalism, it's white supremacists. One w/strong patriotism for their country is a Nationalist. It's not a bad thing.,
Can you get the president to say THOSE EXACT WORDS and mean them? Please and thanks.
Stand up to and remove the Nazi stank in your party! Otherwise #GOPisComplicit #Charlottesville
You are absolutely correct, Senator! Gorce that terd in the WH to call it terrorism, too.

Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!
I suggest you get your boss to say what you did. If not, you are complicit
Ironic, R.E. Lee forgot the past. "He would not attend dedications, even statues to Stonewall Jackson." listen to historian Bud Robertson.
Ok, so Let's stop racist policies coming from 3 Alt-Right in White House that has emboldened this terrorism in VA. @JoyAnnReid @CoryBooker
Fish stinks from the head
Thank you, Senator.
Then get rid of your president who supports this ridiculousness
Thank you, Mr. Portman.
Remember when it took you two weeks to denounce the bomb threats against Jewish preschools?  Ohio remembers.
@jaketapper THESE DEMOCRATS NEED TO STOP THESES BACK-DOOR DEALINGS WITH HATE GROUP'S TRYING TO STIR UP THE HATE ACROSS U.S.
Then why are you not condemning the president, who has fostered this kind of behavior through his speeches and rallies?
Another RINO, useful idiot of the left jumping to conclusions. The domestic terrorism was committed by Antifa Nazi Democrat Brownshirts!
you are complacent, you allowed this to happen, you refuse to acknowledge we have a psychopath in the White House
It's time to impeach the president. He thinks all this is just damn fine.
Thank you Senator.
Finally!
Thank you... but you are a hypocrite, an opportunist and a sellout . Ohio will remember your vote on healthcare.
Thank you for being clear and honest, senator.
YOUR president, the one from YOUR party, won't even acknowledge that it came from a very specific side sporting #MAGA hats, reb flags. etc.
So when will you & the @GOP stop enabling @realDonaldTrump who enables this domestic terrorism. Words are cheap, Republican words lies.
PLEASE do something. Your actions since January show only that you are complicit in this nightmare. #StandWithCharlottesville
And yet the president won't.  And tomorrow you and the GOP will move on like this never happened.  And he will still get your support.
Do your job go to WH tell him it is time to go talk is cheap and you are spineless and weak like your fellow congressmen and woman just sad
If you support @realDonaldTrump, your words are hollow. Prove your words have meaning.
Thank you, @senrobportman. As your constituent I applaud this statement and encourage you to vote in ways that reflect condemnation of hate.
Who started the violence ?
Then make your feeling known to 45 and AG so they can do something about it. Thank you for being one Republican for calling it what it is.
Bannon, Miller and Gorka are whispering into the ear of POTUS. Demand better. Thank you for a clear statement, but it isn't enough.
.@robportman maybe you can start by not blindly supporting your President who stokes the hate. Be a leader.
Impeach the man destroying the country, or take ownership of every last one of his despicable deeds.
The car had OH plates, so it's one of your voters
Thank you Senator, for calling it what it is.
Love to hear your definition of white nationalism.
I wish you had some kind of ability to check the President's power.
I can't seem to find the tweet where you condemn #BLM & #Antifa Am I missing it?!
but not those who caused the violence? antifa
Good luck getting DumpyTrumpy to call it terrorism, those are his people, his base.
GOP has chosen politics of fear hate and bigotry. You accepted sessions Bannon and others with history of hate.  reap what you sow.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Portman. Now press the 3 NAZIs in our WH are fired and impeach the demented Putin loving @POTUS. Clean it ALL up!
Bravo for using the correct terminology.  Now do something about it!  #ThisISTerrorism  #Charlottesville
It's a good thing you helped elect the fascist in the White House, you hypocrite.
Stop using the word "nationalism" inappropriately.
Stop with your meaningless tweets and rhetoric.  @realDonaldTrump stands by these people and is tearing the U.S. apart.  Well done senator!
Thank you Mr Portman, that was announcing the obvious. Now for the next step...u must call out the President for his part in this behaviour.
That's a good first step. Now you and the @GOP need to get rid of the Racist in Chief.
Now, be a leader, and call for the immediate firings of Bannon, Gorka, and Miller, who helped fuel this carnage.
Don't forget Sessions.
You need to rid America of the current administration asap .. 

DO IT NOW !
So, Portman: "Thoughts and prayers" knee-jerk, and let's get on with cutting taxes for the ultra-rich? 
#25thamendment 
#AmericanValues
The killer was from a hate group out of Ohio!
well, maybe you should also condemn black nationalism, such as when blacks run around beating up on whites, or threating to kill them
With all due respect, @senrobportman, your party has been cultivating the white nationalists since the Southern Strategy.
Rob, I'm a native Ohioan and you are the worst type of politician. This is what happens when you let someone like trump in the White House.
Senator, i often disagree with you. But today, I thank you for this.
Talk is cheap. There are hateful white nationalists inside the White House, making policy choices. What are you going to do about that?
Don't act like you give a shit now....smfh #myskinismysin
Do your job and demand resignations of the White House Nazi's.
Then be clear Rob. Don't just tell Trump. Tell the voters. Tell them that if they support the Nazis in VA then YOU DON'T WANT THEIR VOTES.
Start impeachment proceedings immediately Portman. Hopefully the Dems will take the house and senate...
Don't talk until your willing to stand against Trump and his white nationalist part..... bannon, gorka, and the @GOP .
Trump is tacitly supporting them.  If you don't remove him, we will assume you tacitly support them too.  Actions speak louder than words.
Yet YOU voted to confirm a known racist for Attorney General of the United States and know there are white nationalists in the White House.
Thank you
Any plans to stand up to the executive branch?  How about condemning Bannon and Britebart as white nationalism in the white house?
Now it's YOUR job to get those white nationalists out of the White House @senrobportman!!!!
Oh least not forget black nationalism too you sanctimonious hypocrite
How is your wifes son
Thank you Senator for calling it the way it is. #Charlottesviille
@senrobportman Trump doesn't condemn Nazis. The Republican party must or share in responsibility for #charlotesville
Live up to your message!  Start process to remove trump and his white nationalist PIGS from the WH!
Actions speak louder than words.
That's what your proposed immigration is like..... racist
Cuck
Interesting to see you come out now but always silent when peaceful Republicans are beaten up by antifa and blm. Weak sauce.
I supported your candidacy, you need to be thrown out of office
as an Ohioan and a city elected official in Ohio, thank you for speaking up
Glad to see you are recognizing the truth. Thank you for this.
Thank you Senator. Now get your party to explain that to @realDonaldTrump or ask him to leave. Please.
Why can't our potus condemn white nationalism? Because he is a white supremacist!
Take action to remove Gorka, Bannon, Miller from the White House. Otherwise this is just hot air you're blowing.
So do something about it and get that white nationalist out of the White House.
Senator, you have the power and responsibility to act for the good of the USA. #ImpeachTrump!
The president needs to resign. Unfit to lead. Seriously unstable. Dont stand by and give platitudes. Get him out.
Thank you Senator. can you urge @TheJusticeDept to once again investigate these dangerous #WhiteSupremacist #domesticterrorist groups?
@OleHippieChick will you stop voter suppression? Actions speak louder than words
Time for Repubs to call for trump's resignation. He has lost the confidence of the majority of Americans. He is destroying our country.
Very well and good and yet you voted to confirm Jeff Sessions.
Thank you Senator. Well done.
Thank you please work to remove Gorka, Bannon and Miller from Administration. I called about Bannon after the inauguration. #Charlottesville
Amen!!!!!
Talk is cheap Senator. Some action re Bannon and Gorka would be better
Why don't you also condemn Antifa and BLM, both hate groups?
This does not begin to end until you and your fellow GOP senators will speak out against @realDonaldTrump and his incitement of violence.
You should tell the guy in the WH to do the same.
@jaketapper Thank you, now go speak to your President and let him know that hatred is wrong.
Where ur & GOP voice when Trump candidacy supportd by Breitbart Duke white supremacists? Better late then never worthless to woman killed
One more, too many to go #cville
Time to stand up to your president, Portman. Grow a backbone.
It's time for all of Congress to come together and remove Trump and his Nazi regime  from our WH .the longer you wait the worse it will get
Need a fund to rent out billboards reminding people it was Right-Wing Terrorism which caused death and hatred in Populace
tatto it on tRump's forehead
called targeted marketing
Don't have enough money to paint a space that large and empty. Could play 5 Superbowls at once inside that space
you must have a large screen
tRump has a tiny forehead
Was thinking inside the pox, sorry, box
tRump has very small pox
sad
you need a bigger whorizon
I will settle for Whovians
Horton hears them

Thankful that both of our Ohio Senators are speaking up, now let's do something about the people in Washington fanning the 
how did you feel when the KKK endorsed Trump? What the hell did you expect?
Thank you Senator Portman. I'm proud of both of my Senators.
But you support someone who is a neo Nazi apologist and who hires people who support and encourage white nationalism. Denounce them by name.
You left out two other groups.... #willyounamethem? #willyouaddress?
'Bout damn time!
Say, Rob - why don't you stop wringing your hands and impeach the SOB? Otherwise, it's just hot air. Talk is cheap. #hypocrite #coward

