I am a constituent and I think if you really cared that much you wouldn't have supported a guy who is destroying our great country.
And what R Ugoing to do about it. Give us a REAL face to face townhall and tell us!
Please put your efforts towards saving the republic first. Or nothing else will matter. Help him out @SenJohnMcCain. #courage #ImpeachTrump
Look at this chart. Just look at it!
And it's not time to throw more people in prison for low level drug offenses. Talk to the POS you confirmed for AG.  Sessions needs to go.
I am convinced this is a troll account. Surely no elected official would allow himself to look so utterly oblivious to his voters, right?
Yes because Rob Portman believes we will forget by next election. #lostmyvote
I will never forget how he has let us down!
Will you stand up to the White House?
I'm guessing no, since he does not even have the courage to face a roomful of Ohioans.
YOU voted to confirm this sicko."OMB's Mulvaney says  AHCA should meet Kimmel test - cover all  kids - but not adults who make "bad choices"
Nor the time to cut health care for 26 million Amercans
Trump could care less.
I want a non-vague answer with inescapable detail.  What is your position on pre existing conditions? This WILL come up in #2022
Love the focus on overdose prevention, but you need to publicly comment on ur constituents' #ACA fears! Will u defend us??
Senator Portman, when is your next town hall meeting? (I'm a REAL Ohio Voter and not a Russian Troll) #RequestTallyNo.61
When is your next town hall meeting Rob? We would all like to talk with you about your choices.
Remember to protect our disabled children when looking at healthcare. #SaveACA
You better not be voting for a lame healthcare bill that doesn't cover ALL Americans. Election 2018 is coming fast. Do you want Re-Elected?
He is not up for reelection. He just was elected to a six year term. He is up in 2022
Show up to town halls if he ever has one. Call him. I call everyday. Write him as I have been doing. That is it.
I called and left a message once, and I never got a call back.  Do you actually speak to someone or leave msgs? I will call everyday
I have never spoken to anyone. I just keep calling. I have voted and will continue to.
Nor time to discuss phasing out #Medicaid.
don'tpostthisbullshitifuvotedtoguthealthcare
You're right - this is not the time to cut funding to fight the opioid epidemic.
#KillTheBillNotPeople
#DontRobOurCare
#NoCutsNoCaps
#NoBCRA
It is also not time to cut Medicaid - the program provides for drug Tx and psychiatric care for hundreds of thousands of Ohioans
Right you are!
Now is DEFINITELY not the time to cut funding on health and reward the very rich with more tax breaks. Nor is it the time to ignore causes.
Drug epidemic a big crisis indeed, but Trump Admin a bigger crisis. Trump admin too busy with scandal & turmoil; unable to help you here.
Yet that's what YOUR president is proposing to do. What is your line in sand? What does he have to do for u to say enough is enough?
even more critical.. and yes this is important.  #SpecialProsecutorNow
Drug use is going up. People cant handle trump
Yeah your buddy the president will cut the funds though. Why keep people alive if your AHCA is just going to kill them?
Bruh, you are voting to cut affordable health care.
Why tell us? WE know it's a problem. Tell it to TRUMP and the GOP who want to cut the funding. You just got reelected. Why r u so scared?
open your mouth Rob! Your silence is condoning the destruction of our constitution! Your leader is mentally ill! Save us
How does the AG's policy of seeking maximum sentences for drug-related crimes help? We can't hear you.
When is your next town hall meeting? (Request #74)
Since you took office (2011), use of heroin quadrupled, cocaine doubled, and fentanyl skyrocketed.

You aren't the solution to the epidemic.
No, it's time to impeach the cause of the overdosing, impeach tRump and give America Hope Again
No one wants to hear any of this until you vote for independent investigator into Trump/Russia. Your GOP will get no work done. Listen
A chart of #POtuS admin members under investigation for collusion w/Russia, or other misdeeds - truly #skyrocketing. Step up, senator!
No time to cut Medicaid expansion as it helps those with addiction treatment.
Oh, were we talking about drugs? I thought the subject was possible obstruction of justice @realDonaldTrump
And yet you support our dictator wanna be in chief. You're such a joke. Wake up! Country over party. #gopwakeup #woke
Or cutting Medicaid funding or the mandates for insurers to cover for drug treatment? #AHCA #Healthcare
How about living wage work and healthcare for all - that would put deep cut in drug use.
You were a yay vote for JS as AG.  His opinions on incarceration and mandatory minimums as opposed to treatment were well documented
And yes, this issue needs to be addressed, but again, in 2015, 0.00026270456503 of Ohioans died from a drug overdose.
What are you doing for the 0.99973729543497 of your constituents?
what are you doing about the traitor @realDonaldTrump !?
I suspect you aren't truly willing to work to prevent the drug crisis or do things that might break the cycle.
i.e. Like making sure all Ohio children have access to safe, well-funded, quality schools and idk maybe feeding the ones who are hungry?
Why? Based on Jefferson Beauregard Sessions speech yesterday, the new plan is to just lock 'em up, then let jails deal w/ them
I now assume that a. You have benefited from laundered Russian money and b. You are a traitor.
No, Jefferson Beauregard Sessions who you voted in favor of is just going to incarcerate all of them
Should we therefore take your statement here as a rejection of the House legislation sent to the Senate?
THEN THIS IS NOT THE TIME TO CUT HEALTH CARE. Advertise treatment options, make them easily accessible or stop pretending u care you jackass
Look at your constituents. Face 2 face. Look at us. #talktous #REALTownHallNOW #ChickenRob #standuptothebully #specialprosecutor #scheduleit
Keep pushing to gut Medicaid ... your actions NEVER match your lip service #lostmyvote
the overdoses are rising despite you getting money. Let the states handle it, fed gets in the way.
Gotta pay for @POTUS 'S wall somehow, right? #maga #draintheswamp #STOPTrumpCare
.@senrobportman talk to ur republican house counterparts that just butchered any hope these folks may have had.
Sen Portman you are one of the good guys. Please stay and stand up to the Republican bullies who support the traitor in the WH!
So does that mean you'll advocate for more funding to addiction services & treatment in the #AHCA re-write?
Do not support the terrible healthcare bill. Speak up for the people pls.
You have your aim on a critical problem in our state. Sadly,  Trump's adulation addiction is using up all the oxygen in the room now.
Yes this is important but YOUR admin will do nothing until the #Trumprussa issue is resolved!  Independent investigation please!
How are you going to treat people already suffering from drug abuse?
I don't understand your alleged passion for this issue while at the same time you want to gut health care. Seems inconsistent.
Keep the ACA and improve it.
Time for you to revisit the effect of prohibition of the 30's ... see any similarities ?
