Then why did you vote for it?
I thought this vote was just to open debate?
It is ... people are so clueless
This moves it one step closer to passing. Possibly by the end of this week.
This is to open debate to amended the Bill so it does Pass ! Praying it does
Thank you for praying that people die.
Many will die if this bill is not passed , the healthy go without HC , no checkups leading to sickness .than it becomes affordable. Wake up

I'm serious, I want a real answer why you voted for something you claim to have concerns about.
/2 You expect people who can't hold down jobs to buy private insurance, fill out the forms etc. They won't. Many can't.
The way you show your concern is by voting no.
The Portman Amendment outlines tax credits for people who don't pay income tax. /1
Prove it...
Shame on you for voting yes today. This "skinny bill" is evil.
In the end, loss of meaningful coverage is what will matter. To the people of Ohio, and to your integrity.

If you are ProLife then you must support healthcare for all.  Prolife means caring for all life from womb to tomb
What is your end game here?  Your statement is woefully short on specifics.
IS PART OF THAT PLAN DECIMATING MEDICAID AND TAKING CARE FROM OUR NATION'S POOR AND VULNERABLE? #SPINELESS #KillTheBill
You just voted to gut Medicaid, so we know you're not to be believed.
U need to get working able bodied people off Medicaid!! U need to quit saddling middle America with these people!
Cold Comfort.
Fraud.
Stop being Kasich's rino puppet.
#NoTrumpCare
What are concerned about?  The over loading of ineligible place there on OCare?
Keep looking for you photo in the list of brace, American-protecting senators voting NO on healthcare fiasco.#disappointedrob
He voted for it because he's a coward who gave in to political pressure. Access to health care should not be politicized. People will suffer
Then why on earth did you just vote to repeal without replacing? God save your corrupted soul. And save us from you!
There's more than Medicaid at stake Senator!  You're not listening to ALL of your constituents... just the few that want to repeal
The real epidemic in America: GOP's MASSIVE KOCH ADDICTION
Then suggest Single Payer! It solves both access and controls cost. If u r not moving towards that, then u aren't serious about a solution
BS
But, you voted FOR the bill right? Not just for the debate but FOR that terrible legislation. Let's FIX the ACA or start fresh with better!!
Liar liar pants on fire
Because of this vote Medicaid will be gutted and Ohioans will lose coverage.
Ohioans age - we need true health care. There are MORE issues than opioids. No to this. I want an open hearing and working across aisle. NOW
Repeal it, that's one of the reason we reelected you.  Do your job.
You have been about controlling costs. Is that code for gutting Medicaid and hurting Ohioans in the process??
All these concerns... we get it: you are a reluctant sabotager.
That sweet, sweet, sweet smell of Koch Brothers blood money will turn even a moderate Senator to the darkside.  PLEASE resist.
I don't think it matters at this point hes through he gives shit faced a whole new meaning.He gets it from his head being in Trump/Pence ass
A little late for that now, Senator. Trying to solve the problems you created with your Tuesday vote?
http://www.thedailybeast.com/before-trumpcare-a-free-clinic-saved-mitch-mcconnells-life … - RT Enough said
You should be ashamed of how you voted tonight. I am certainly ashamed to have you as my senator. Do what is right for Ohioans!
This so-called "skinny repeal" just makes things worse:
The Senate MUST pass a healthcare bill. Get R Done !
So that's why you were just s yes vote? Lying hypocrite
I will vote against you for this. I will volunteer against you for this. I will fight against your election for any office, ever again.
Yet, you just voted Yes on BCRA? We continue to have doubts about 1) Allegiance to America; 2) Mental state; 3) Your humanity.
What is the bill? Can we see and review it?  Details pls!
Gutting Medicaid and giving states waivers isn't the answer
And I will continue to watch YOU and fellow Republicans closely. Adamantly OPPOSE this. And I am a registered Republican/might switch!
#pragmatic Whatever you vote for will not fix any problems. Fee market economics DOES NOT work for healthcare; it's not bought like a car.
Could you have enough concerns that you would stand up and vote NO? Can you do what is right, not what is easy?  Ask Senator Collins.
Take a few minutes to read the CBO Score Senator.  This is bad for Ohio and bad for our medical industry.
No, you won’t. Your colleagues have given you no reason to believe them, & now you’ve given us no reason to believe you. (44048)
So y did you betray us and vote yes? Support the majority of your constituents not your donors.
Today you defied your constituents and severely damaged the Senate. Only recourse is to vote no on the final bill #KeepKidsCovered
With all due respect, this rings hollow.  No viable reacement is on the table and none was when you took this vote.
Concerns like why is it only growing "x" and not "x+" when it was expanded beyond its foundation to begin with? Growth is not a cut.
P.S. Read your darn replies.
Please work to allow those with preexisting conditions to keep affordable healthcare. C'mon man.
But congrats on being in the crony club. Don't think you'll make it into heaven.
Seriously. People will die. Blood on your hands. And that feeling you should never ever show your face.
Listen to all the messages we've left. You have no idea the consequences of this bill passing. No clue.
Please remember to put your constituents and our health first. Nation over party.
Put your vote where your concerned tweets are.
Yes, keep working on the bill until it works well!  Perfection may not be achievable, but you can alleviate/fix some of the Obamacare pain
LIES.. U ARE HEARTLESS
Give us a break. You had your chance. We will not forget
After your vote for DeVos, how can we count on you for anything else?  Will u work 4 rich 1%, or common voters? Will u use same healthcare?
Continue to regret voting for you on your supposed hard stance on Russia. Failing Ohioans. No on AHCA
As a constituent in Northern Ohio I respectfully ask you not to take away the healthcare of any Ohioan #voteno
How  are you going to justify your big payout from pharmaceutical  companies when you vote against healthcare for Ohioans? You  $  > OH
No preexisting conditions, and no penalties for sr's! I pd when younger&didnt use.  That $should have pd for grandparents. Now it's my turn!
@senrobportman, #BCRA is irreparable. The fact that you don’t realize that means you’re not as smart as I thought you were.
This bill can't be improved. You need to work with the Dems to fix what is already in place. Actions speak louder than your words.
Voted for you last fall... this will be your last term as an elected official... #sellout this vote will haunt you... @DispatchAlerts
Nope. Don't believe you. Coward.
Bla bla bla bla. Do you get a bonus for cutting Medicaid for 1/2 poor on Ohio? I'm sure your rich friends will "reward" you.
I voted for you.  I feel betrayed by you.  I am sorry I voted for you.  We are all American rather you acknowledge us or not
We need to cut Medicaid. Enough with entitlements. Its not right that others are forced to pay more so others get free healthcare. REPEAL
Not a single hearing, no markup, crafted in secret...you caved and it's shameful.
Put it in committee
Please vote no on present healthcare. We are our brother's keeper.
#Ohio cannot trust you.
I hope so but doubt your honesty
Why don't you go home and think about the people in our state you have put in jeopardy. Thank you for turning your back on us
Hollow words from a shallow man
Access to quality care for all or begin anew with bipartisan bill.More moderate, less far left or right - care focused not special interest
Why would you believe anything either of them say that they will follow through with.Did you never see them campaigning?#yourealiaralsorob
Total repeal, no insurance bailouts we want government to stay out of insurance business.they didn't do a good job with the veterans
I don't get it Mr Portman. Trump is a natural born liar and Pence is his yes man.They both have told lie after lie.
What did Ohio get for you to vote "yes" today? Were you promised Kyrie Irving has to stay with the Cavs?
just come up with a plan to fix the parts of the ACA you don't like. If only you had time to think of these things over the last 7yrs
You can even rotate the name through all the senators, one week it can be called PortmanCare!
I thought you turned in a very poor performance in Zabriskie Point
The #Medicaid provisions should be completely removed
Just remember to vote for it in the end
#sellout
You have lost our trust. We will no longer stand with you.
Shame. On. You.
So yanking healthcare access from millions without a bipartisan, evidence-based, expert supported replacement is the way to go?
It's not just Medicaid that will suffer. Costs will skyrocket w/o the mandates. If everyone isn't req'd to buy in, ppl who need it pay more.
Why not work to IMPROVE THE ACA? Instead of trying to kill it so you can get some nice tax breaks.
And I hope concerns about disabled, pre-exsisting cond, no life limit, wellness tests, lower drug prices reasonable deductibles.
If we could trust your colleagues, this might be believable, but the bill so far destroys millions of lives. Literally!
You are pathetic 7 years and you still have no plan. We from Ohio will not forget ACA needs fixed not repealed
Once again you disappointed your constituents.  Keep voting for your party and not your country.  We will not forget
Can't have it both ways Senator.  Bill is bad for Ohio and worse for Ohioans.  Do your job...represent us, not your party!
Improve it further?  There is nothing good about it to begin with.  It needs a complete overhaul so you shouldn't have voted for it. 2020!!!
You continue to vote to move it on and show no backbone, integrity, or ability to cross party lines for principles you allege to hold...
There is no bill.
You're supposed to fight for Ohioans, not bring tax breaks to the 1%. What a coward!
Or is it simply political that you and the other republicans chose not to share in the reward of helping America by fixing the ACA?
Here's a thought, ACA is good start. How about work w/ Dems 2 improve it? Instead u  vote 2 proceed on 1written w/ min input & bad CBO score
Because we can't afford to give less free handouts to people?
The ACA? Or is the fact that the ACA was put into law by a black man and you simply must get that reference out of mind?
So Rob, after a wasted agenda of voting "to have a debate on repealing healthcare", are you telling the people of Ohio you are unable to fix
Politically speaking you are a dead man if I can do anything to make that come about
You promised some months ago not to vote for any repeal bill without a thoroughly thought-through alternative. But all politicians are liars
Your "concern" is duly noted, as was your vote.
I have concerns my dad will die without protections afforded to him under #ACA. I will hold you personally responsible.
You voted yes...all Ohioans will know of your treachery
That's a 10 on the BS-o-meter, Rob.
You need to i prove it until islt@covers everyone covered by Obamacare. Work to reduce cost, not benefits.
You have chosen to be a GOP Senator instead of an Ohio Senator. Don't try to get us to tell you it's ok. #leadership #peopleoverparty
You have zero concerns for Ohioans, you proved that today.  I'm going to work just as hard to take away your healthcare in 2018!
Vote it down!!!!!!
Which bill? You're a fool if you think McConnell can be trusted.
You have 'concerns'. Millions of us are scared shitless.
bullshit- you sold out to Trump and his thugs! I have lost all respect for you!
Just stop
I'll believe that when I see it.
The #1 thing a Senator should do is represent his people- thank you for NOT representing your people. #politicsdonttrumppeople #punintended
Liar
You're a liar and a coward. Shame on you.
I will hold you personally responsible for the harm this bill causes along with every other Senator who votes to repeal ACA. Shame on you.
How about put the money back? There is no other last minute solution except that or 'no'
You are abdicating your responsibility to your constituents and we will remember.  This is not how government works and you know it.
You will be better served to listen to constituents. The leader of the GOP is not going to. He will throw you under the bus in a heartbeat!
You can't handle the heat, you will be out of this shortly.
The 45 billion is too low and the cuts too extreme.
I hope this is true. Please share your plan to improve the bill. You owe us that.
Election time can't come soon enough.
So tired of you.
No one believes you anymore so just stop talking.
Can you share the contents of the bill and guarantee committee hearings an open hearing, open amendments? #youtookAnOath
I have concerns that as a person w/ a preexisting condition, I will lose care because of annual/lifetime spending caps.
What about the people with pre-existing conditions that are not poor or drug addicts???? Your concerns are a joke,you have no solutions.
Stop your lies. You are no lo ger trustworthy.
Just go on vacation. All of that glad handing and back slapping must have worn you out
@GOP Party of greed and destruction.
You continue to lie to voters while accepting Koch bribes.  If you want to fix something, fix the ACA, which will work with fixes & support.
Vote him out in 2022
Standing up for us. U care more about your stupid party wanting to say!  That's right. We got rid of Obamacare,  who cares about Americans
#Coward #ProtectOurCare
Also Obamacare saved my life. It can be fixed.  Stop sabotaging it & the market would start to stablize, I'm so disgusted with u not
Stop playing politics.  We should have universal care for all but your party wants ppl to go without & literally die cuz we can't afford it
And we, Senator, continue to understand that you don't listen to nor represent your constituents. #Shame
Really where's your voice and where's it been. Tried all day to reach your offices VM full, or no answer??  You will answer to the voters.
You have concerns until they throw more money at you
You'll do what Mitch McConnell tells you to do.
But you'll be a Trump lap dog.  I won't forget your vote today, remember mine in a few more years.  Won't be for YOU.
Actions speak louder than words. You voted with a party that wants to eliminate Medicaid help for the people you say you want to protect.
Best way to send a message of concern was not to vote for it.   Country over party.  Constituents over big money.
I don't think there is any way this bill could possibly be even close to Obamacare in coverage. My granddaughter has type 1 diabetes.
She, and millions of people like her are counting on u to keep universal coverage and no lifetime caps. Lives depend on that!
Votes speak louder than tweets. You still have a chance to make this right during the actual debate. We'll keep watching.
You will pass a bill we want.No preexisting conditions, Cruz amendment,no illegals,lower payments.Full repeal.For the people who work.
See you at the voting booth, Mr. Portman.
I'll be sure to explain to my patients that, yes, they may be headed for bankruptcy, but you made sure to express ~concern~
Easy Question: Why should it be legal for providers to charge different customers/patients different prices for same service?
Easy Question: Why don't you support providers listing prices for services?
Really because you VOTED yes to cut Medicaid by BILLIONS today, While you enjoy your GOVT HEALTHCARE
Vote no. There's no improving this bill.
Good at least it can be hammered out now reach over to @SenSherrodBrown and get them to help hammer it. No Tax break for rich.
There is no fixing this bill.Your statement is disingenuous.We will VOTE YOU OUT OF OFFICE! Fix the exchanges stop the sabotage & ACA WORKS!
I don't think you have the balls to stand up against your owners.
Thanks for listening to your constituents, Bob. You're a real piece of work.
You didn't even see a bill.
You cannot fix that disaster. Hope u remember this day, Ohio voters will in 2020. So plz don't b surprised when we vote u out.
I was a Clinton/Portman voter. You have now lost me. You are voting to hurt people that had faith in you. Shameful.
What bill? There is no real health care bill in front of you.
Guess what? It's not JUST about Medicaid! It's about lifetime caps, pre-existing conditions, higher premiums& huge tax break for rich&ins co
Deeply disappointed. This process has shown no respect to constituents.
This is all about two bunches of little boys wanting to win a game. The problem is that this game is life or death!  No patriotism here.
You voted yes. When you could have reached across the aisle to reform. The voters of Ohio won't forget this. I'll make sure of it.
SHAME, @senrobportman . As an Ohio family physician, I will make sure my patients know that you are supporting the loss of benefits.
I think the Republicans are being UNPATRIOTIC by looking out for their own political interests instead of the health of this country.
PORTMAN IS CORRUPT
By your vote today, you have thrown the healthcare system into chaos for all Ohioans. Voters will hold you responsible if they lose access.
You haven't a clue
