Portman Stats:
Photo ops: 3,252
Days without a Town Hall: 996
It is Immoral to take #Healthcare away from millions of people. Vote NO to Repeal #ACA . Improved #MedicareForAll will save money too!
A reminder - MILLIONS of Americans are counting on YOU to make our lives better, not worse. VOTE NO on this awful bil
You will be primaried if you don't Vote for  #RepealNotReplace We don't want gov ran HC! Send it back to the private sector!
You are a perpetual disappointment.   No on BCRA, yes on #25thAmendment
If you can't stand up to protect the most vulnerable in OH then you have no business calling yourself a United Stated Senator! @GOP #BCRA
Another great cause was the Mansfield Pride event in Richland County
A 13k deductible is a joke. These plans will kick poor people off  healthcare, and create higher premiums for sick people. It's a joke.
MILLIONS of Americans have spoken - over 70% (inc. 72% indend.) want a bipartisan fix to ACA, not terrible plans presented. STAND WITH US!
Hope they don't hurt themselves. Minor accidents without healthcare can be fatal. But you don't care about that, right , Rob?
Please do not vote for the GOP bill as is. Hammer it out before it passes. You will lose constituents.
17 million people found healthcare thru ACA from '13 to '16. POTUS promised better healthcare w/ lower premiums. VOTE NO!
So no on taking away people's health care?
I will be sending obituaries of every single Ohioan that dies because of Trumpcare. I promise you Every Single One. I promise you!
You enjoy good health and a good health plan unlike many others If you vote for trumpcare, you will have the deaths of Ohioans on your hands
Vote NO on #trumpcare it will be a killer of people - not your people because they aren't rich and conservatives; but your constituents
Please vote no on healthcare bill. Thousands of Ohioans are counting on you.
PLEASE do not be bought off w/ PAC concessions. ACA is NOT collapsing, and you know it. VOTE NO!
"This presidency cannot be saved. It's all downhill from here." WaPo editorial 7.22.17 which side of history are you going to be on Senator
How WILL you explain this?
I would like to hear even one undecided Republican Senator defend a THIRTEEN THOUSAND DOLLAR DEDUCTIBLE. https://twitter.com/lauralitvan/status/888118654759354368 …
3/3  Wondering if my atheist family should move since apparently "In America we worship God" -Trump  But go ahead and enjoy your ride.
2/3 In addition to deciding how best to help my friends in the transgender community.  #TransRightsAreHumanRights
How nice for you.  Meanwhile I am here fighting for my friends about to lose healthcare.  #SaveOurCare
You like to dress up & ride a bike, then u turn around & work to take healthcare and destroy protections for cancer patients and survivors.
Senator, are you riding #Pelotonia this year?
It will show that you care about people with cancer if  you vote  NO to Repeal The Patient Protection #ACA
Thank you for riding. As Republicans try to kill the ACA, we need this research more than ever.
Looks like you support survival of the fittest because that's what the new healthcare bill is all about!
The richest are generally not the fittest or the smartest. They are like Trump....inhereted wealth makes them think they are superior.
I saw group of bicyclist near the Golden Lamb today, I looked to see if you were among them.
Fund the CSR's/other comps, provide a public option, and fix what needs fixing.  Make things better for us, not worse.  VOTE NO!
Fraud.
#NoTrumpcare
So nice you can get out & do this while Ohio patients in pain suffer from CDC/PROP bogus guidelines.

1: ALERT: Trump admin is using fake #'s to flip moderates— 
saying people can be moved from Medicaid to Cruz plans without harm. Via @WSJ: 
Healthcare repeal and replace is an even better cause that you should be supporting NOW @FoxNews @seanhannity
#FixACA
#FixACA
Still want to know if this is true.
2: They flipped Portman yesterday. Cassidy? Gullible as ever. 
#FixACA
#FixACA
People with cancer (and everyone else) need health insurance. Vote no on #BCRA and instead #ProtectOurCare. I'm an OH mom and MD. 43209
Meanwhile, back at your job: New White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci praised racist, sexist, violent Breitbart News
Glad to see you voted for a homophobic,sick ,lying ,conspiricy theory spreading ahole for judge. No hiding where your loyaltys lie.
You ran and won on repeal!
No Trumpcare!!!
Vote NO on Trump's Deathcare bill.
meanwhile you support the lunatic in the White House. You are complicit
Another great cause is affordable and accessible health care for all and you can arrange that indoors!  #ProtectOurCare #FixACA #NoOnMTP

.@senrobportman - #RepealAndRun is not up for debate. Vote NO on motion to proceed. #ProtectOurCare & #SpeakUpForUs CALL: 844-432-0883 
What is your next event? Do you EVER inform constituents about your schedule, or schedule a single publicly accessible event in Ohio?
Even Better cause medical care for USA
Vote no on MTP and no on trumpcare please
Passive-aggressive...again. No confidence, Rob.   Your lack of concern for your constituents is appalling.
Stand behind conservative Americans
are you going to vote to repeal ACA/Obamacare? think long and hard about this if you want to be re-elected! It's failing and has to go!
How do YOU want to be remembered?  VOTE NO
No on Senate health care bill.
Have good time you liar
