Medicaid expansion far more expensive and of less benefit than anticipated..access of truly poor to care actually WORSE
Why did you vote for something that would harm millions and make healthcare even more inaccessible for the most vulnerable? #FakeCompassion
That's what I have been saying! Good job. Now please follow through and fix our beloved #Obamacare That is a #win for America. #quality
How was your vote to repeal going to help the most vulnerable again?
The only thing that people in Ohio want to hear from you Rob is a concession speech
Thank goodness other senators stepped up and did the right thing.
Work with your Dem colleagues to make the ACA a better system. Better yet, Medicare for all.
Portman likes his 6 figure kick backs from the Koch Brothers and big gas and oil and that more important than Ohioans
Don't forget Big Pharm - $388,896.  So sorry I ever voted for this man - should have given Strickland a chance.
Getting the big pharma under control is one way to reduce costs in health care. Our drug prices are an underreported story.
Don't be fooled Ohio.  ACA can be repaired.
Some good news for Obamacare in Ohio: insurers will fill 19 of the state’s empty 20 counties. 

http://www.insurance.ohio.gov/Newsroom/Pages/07312017ExchangeCounties.aspx …
Idea: how about single payer, universal health care?
Or, if you don’t fancy that, you can always look to an all-payer system like Maryland:
We have Medicaid for the most vulnerable, please support our President. Get rid ocare! We never want to hear that name again. Obama?
I don't trust you, nor do I believe a word you say anymore! All your rhetoric is just tiresome B.S., and terms like "access," used by Dems.
And fix the damaging affects the Obama money to States did with Medicaid. Do it!
Agreed. So why'd you vote to Repeal? Fix the problems of ACA. Work with Dems. Find your common sense
Single payer
Ohio needs a better Senator
Stop Lying you creep.It's time you formally joined the Democrat Party. You're a personally exempt from Obamacare,Lie-To-Get-Elected Disgrace
You forgot EQUAL. I don't understand why you value some Ohioans rights over others. Please keep the #affordablecareact
Aren't you the guy that voted for a bill that would have cost more than 20,000 people in this country their lives due to loss of healthcare
Aren't you the guy that voted to take healthcare away from almost 1,000,000 people in Ohio?
You are a #fakeconservative and a #fakerepublican. OH will get better healthcare and a better senator
None of the GOP plans do anything to address ACA's weakness.
Then maybe you should have voted differently on that #SkinnyRepeal instead of voting to increase cost of care and reduce coverage. #lies
time to move away from a government sponsored program that is a failure.
Try a bipartisan bill next time. I suspect it will be a better bill than either party would create alone.
Yet you voted to advance a healthcare bill that strips millions of insurance & access. I hope you're worried about your next election.
If you would spend your time working on that instead of tweeting a bunch of nothing you might get something done.
Your bill would have raised cost and left millions uninsured.  Problem with democrats they are independent thinkers. Repuplicians obey .
Then work with Dems to provide it. Stop pretending Repub plans will even begin to do those things.
Just shut up.  Try working with a bipartisan approach.  You let Ohio down.
Of 10 states highest ODs ALL have expanded Medicaid...more Rx, more ER visits, more Dr visits but NO improvement any health parameter...true
1st everyone needs to work on this GOP & Dems.  Work on what other countries have - #SinglePayerNow  #UniversalHealthCare
Please take Senator Collin's lead to ensure that the ACA is not undermined during the interim - keep low income subsidies, ect.
You could start by not letting the WH undermine the system we have now.  My 2018 premiums will be going up because of all the uncertainty.

Slow entitlement growth...Oregon Medicaid Study shows NO improvement at three years, expansion detracts from core function /fuels opioid use
Work on single payer and quit taking bribes from insurance companies!!

MSNBC's @AliVelshi calls out EVERY Senator who were paid off by the insurance companies. This is disgusting. SHARE THIS. #TrumpCare #Crooks 
Don't forget Rob Portman voted to take our right to health care away. He'll pay for that when he's up for reelection in 2022
Yes we do need the ACA to be improved. But you @senrobportman voted YES to stripping healthcare from millions and WE WILL NOT FORGET IT
I lost preventative coverage when ACA was mandated! Is that fair???
And when you're finished, we'll still need it. You need FIRED along with @SenSherrodBrown. #Ohjo has to many failures from our senators...
I look forward to seeing your bipartisan plan that actually does this.
Didn't you just vote to take #healthcare away from everyone? You're a piece of work man.
Obamacare and Medicare do not do that. Refuse to become govt killers like U.K. with single payer.
Then get to work. You and your colleagues have wasted enough time on this repeal nonsense. Build on what we have started.
so far,all Rep plans are so much worse than what we have now, you gutted ACA before it was passed and this is the best we could get
you have disappointed so many of us Ohioans in the way you voted, shame on you and I so hope you are not re-elected
Bipartisanship best to save/repair/reform/improve ACA. Honor subsidies until bill reformed. @SenateGOP @SenateDems hold hearings/debates. 
H.R 676 Medicare for All Act covers everyone, costs less than OCare & TCare, & has better quality care & turnouts. Make OH & USA great.
You had a chance to lead on health care but choose instead to follow the GOP herd. Redeem yourself by joining Democrats in bipartisanship
Maybe you should try working with people #trumpspuppet. #hack
#ohio needs YOU to do your job; work with dems to propose a plan that benefits the people, not the GOP.
Please shut up with the rhetoric. YOU voted to take Healthcare from Ohioans! You're the problem!
sure but what you voted for does none of this.
No third payers
u don't seem to care enough!
You're a traitor and lied to your constituents. Why did you vote for it in 2015? Because you knew Obama wouldn't sign? All U care about is u
Why don't you ask your fellow senators that campaigned on repeal, but fought to keep the current system.
Are you trying to convince us or yourself?  Because you're not exactly getting us closer to this goal, sir.
And yet, you chose to prolong #ObamaCare

#AllTalk
Trump care and Ryancare and Senate Secret Health Care don't work for Ohio. Fix ACA don't get rid of it.
You voted against us you 
So you'll be fully finding ACA and expanded Medicare?
Get to work then! There are states for which ACA is working better than here in OH. What are they doing that we aren't? Ask around & fix it!
WhichIsNotWhatYouVotedFor
Key word: better. The plan that you voted for in the middle of the night that would have taken insurance away from more Ohioans was criminal
so besides tweeting what are you doing about it?
Single payer?
You sir are a paper tiger, a wolf in sheep's clothing. Make all our evenings better and climb back under that rock you've been hiding under
Then why repeal versus improve? "Repeal" is all about catering to your base. "Improve" is all about governing.
No wonder your name is Rob. You want to ROB us of #healthcare!
That's true. Please work with Dems including @SenSherrodBrown to come up with good solutions and follow proper processes to pass them.
How about working class? Individual market? Who cares about our plans cancelled 7 years ago?
You are supposed to be fighting for the health & care and HEALTHCARE 4 Ohioans. Constituents are forced to do your job. #DoYourJob
Then please stop voting for ones that don't do that.
#BrokenRecord We still need you to value ALL the voices of your constituents not just those with $ behind their nanes or R in their party
Nobody is saying it doesn't. But your bullshit way of demeaning democracy is not the way to do it. Grow a moral backbone and work together
Then what we need is more. More choices, from more providers. That means slashing mandates. Do your job senator.
Why don't you talk to some doctors? Just a thought. You seemed like a smart guy at one point--prove it!
Yes, but you can not be trusted to deliver a quality healthcare package. You proved it by voting for skinny repeal. Fix Obamacare
Try price caps, AK style reinsurance of most expensive illnesses, or just jump straight to Medicaid for all
Rob just please SHUT UP!!!
Meanwhile you voted repeatedly, even in the dead of night, for legislation that would have done none of this. Ohio deserves better than YOU.
Instead of sitting on your hands why don't you get  insurance,hospitals,and drug co. Together And figure out a good plan that would work
Did you vote yes on a bill you didn't want the house to pass?
That would require investing more, not slashing Medicaid, overall coverage. Do @Enquirer Ed Board meeting and explain what Senate should do.
Stop voting for bills that do the exact opposite of all those things.
Primary this anti Trump loser. Portman is a traitor to the nation!  Term Limits needed immediately! Hang these traitors high!
I wish you would stop talking and start doing. Reach out to Dems and strengthen Obamacare. All talk to action. Quit whining.
Yes, @senrobportman we do. Isn't that why we elected you? To pursue? Not push through partisan proposals that are clearly not doing that?!
Why don't you reach out to the Democrats and ask to start working on a bipartisan solution?  Until you do, we simply remember your YES vote.
We need a serious BIPARTISAN effort 2 #RepairObamacare . A public insurance option would increase competition and bring down costs.
The markets need a stable plan in place.   Quit messing with the plan.   It's working for many Ohioans including my son
Where does it mention you talking to your constituents, Senator? I don't see us mentioned at all? Will you listen to us? #Save32Mil #FixACA
Ohio needs to repeal and replace you
All of this coming from the senator who after his son came out of the closet all of the sudden supported gay rights. #SMH #Ohio
Agreed so help fix the ACA!
Why are providers able to charge different patients different prices for the same treatment? #healthcare
Why can't we know the price of services before getting the bill?
You are a #flipfloper
Yet you voted for the three GOP proposals that were far worse than the existing ACA.
What are you up to now I wonder? Running for something? You are duplicitous and spineless. How about serving Ohioans instead of Trump?
It's called #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthCare #MedicareForAll
Like u tried to protect the vulnerable?  U are not kidding anyone.  Work on fixing what we have not taking it away
Recind EXEMPT OCARE on EVERYONE NOW- RECALL RECESS they tell lies at TOWN HALLS. They need to DO THEIR JOBS @POTUS @VP @Senate_GOP @1Bobnews
Uh.....Then do it.
We have been asking you to work with Dems to fix the ACA? Listen to your constituents. Do your job.
Right and you voted YES early Friday morning to cut million of Americans healthcare. Shame on you sir. We will remember.
Senator Porter, please fix the system we have now don't burn it down and try to start anew.
Work with Sherod Brown, get ideas from your gov, then develop some courage to face down most in your party.  Show leadership you know need
portman, you need to work with brown for better healcare.. or we need a better senator
Tweet less work with dems to create a workable, just plan.
Lowers the cost of insurance for who?  I am sure your referring to the wealthiest among us.  Save a lot by kicking 16 million poor of policy
#SinglePayer
There are a large number of vulnerable. Hope ALL are top of your mind when thinking about health care.
#MedicareForAll
Reach across to the Dems, follow the courage of John McCain, Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski. For the good of country!
Glad to see you describing single payer. Maybe you should spearhead that idea since it's what you want based on this description.
Yes, we do. So tell us what exactly your ideas to accomplish it are and how you plan to get it through.
So work across the aisle to accomplish that.
You're right, Senator!. Now's your chance to work with Democrats to fix the ACA so that these things happen.
We have one, if you'd fix it. Then you'd have ample time to develop a bipartisan (including women)plan. No secret mtgs. Debates & hearings.
#Ohio needs a new senator who does more than talk.
You're right. And repealing the ACA will do the opposite of what you're saying. Actions speak louder than words.
So get off your ads and work together to come up with a plan. Look Canada has one.
Then work with the dems&come up with a HC plan. We are the only country in top 35 wealthiest countries that does not have universal HC
Time to raise taxes, or pay better wages?
Duh. Problem is GOP (my party) took us in the WRONG DIRECTION. Shape up! Be a leader! #disappointed
Thats right so fix obamacare
And after seven years we've heard no ideas from you or your party that would accomplish that.
Great, agreed. So when will congress produce a plan that doesn't make all these things worse?
Agreed. Please put citizens before politics and work with republicans and democrats to improve our healthcare system.
Are you listening & thinking of positive answers? Railing against ACA or writing a bill over lunch sure isn't solving anything.
OH needs someone who's actually working to improve things not just saying he does. Also a POTUS who doesn't threaten Americans 2 get his way
Unfortunately the only republican plans cut coverage increases cost & eliminate millions. Stop trying to satisfy POTUS and help us instead.
Why not reach out to Senator Brown
It's okay to work with him actuall we Ohioans would like that
Yeah so get with all of your colleagues and make a plan that improves what we have.
No, American needs Republicans who will live by Conservative principles, and not surrender at the drop of a hat! You people are a disgrace!
Dude you have no more self respect left...... you voted for a bill that raises premiums by 20% and 16 mil would lose Healthcare. Bye 
You voted to rip coverage away from thousands of Ohio's "most vulnerable," but now more of this hollow rhetoric

No one's buying it anymore.
So true
Then why did U support the "skinny bill"? It's the opposite of what U say U want Actions are louder than words. Why should we believe U now?
Ya think?
Then let's see it. Isn't that your job?
Great opportunity for bipartisan problem-solving. #Ohio
Yes, fix the ACA.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
Work with the Democrats for better #healthcare.
Work with Dems to get there! Do what your constituents are begging you to do!
Senator, you & @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain @SenCapito betrayed American taxpayers by continuing Obamacare theft for hospitals & insurance
Stop trying to kiss up now senator. You were all about repeal. You lied. You & Kasich are addicted to the Medicare morphine drip from DC.
How about single payer?
Yes. Please fix this before I move back to Ohio.
Help your constituents by fixing what we have. After all, that's what we have been asking of you. You're supposed to be working for us...
Just stop. If you actually think what you voted for helps Ohioans you're not just incompetent, you're willfully ignorant.
Please stop talking about healthcare.  We know how much u don't care about us
so how about you *fix* the #ACA through bipartisanship?
Get it done. Talk is cheap!  Get with Senate colleagues &3 obstructionist @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain reverse epic failure
Then please work with the Democratic Party to get the fixes in place. That is the only way to get the votes.
Then work with Democrats to increase coverage in ACA.
It sure does, you have some work to do with all of Congress to make that happen, not just a bunch of boys in a dark locked room over dinner.
Yes. But you repeatedly voted for the opposite
You just say whatever sounds politically advantageous; actions speak far louder. But this tweet is true;  it's tragic we can't count on you.
I guess it's time to implement #SinglePayer #healthcare
Work with dems to fix the ACA.
Well you've done a real shitty job so far. 
You were part of the 13 male senators that came up with BCRA harming the most vulnerable.
So work with the Dems to find a solution
Instead of talking at us, how about talking to us? Which day will you be at the Fair? #StateFairTownHall
Then work for a bipartisan fix of the ACA.  Call and chat with Rep. Charlie Dent, R, of PA.
Single payer does those things
Then why did you vote yes on a bill that did none of those things?
You need to stand with John Kasich and Sherrod Brown...FIX what we have!! Do what's best for Ohio!
Then, why don't you actually, in good faith, work on one????
Cost of coverage for who?  Premiums or overall costs? How do the GOP ideas provide access or protect the most vulnerable? #DetailsNotPander
Yes, and we know now from repeated experience that you will have nothing to do with making that happen.
Work on a single-payer plan then.
Then call appropriate committees into session and work with the Dems to make improvements.  Place Country over Party!  It's not hard.
Yes, and what Congress was proposing did not achieve that. Please try to do better.
this is why you keep voting against repeal plans?
Will you commit to a bipartisan process and regular order? If not, your words are hollow. Enough of the undemocratic, secret BS!!
Repeating yourself won't suddenly make it or your dreams come true
fyi, none of your partys bills did those things. 
That jam - it - through strategy was horrible.....
Universal healthcare. Get on it.
Quit tweeting about it & start calling dems to get it together. We need action not simply more words. JUST DO IT ALREADY, please.
Support and improve the ACA.  Stop sabotaging it.  That's a start.
I thought that was what you were supposed to be working on. Weren't you one of the senators that drafted the last abominable bill?
thanks for trying.  The "skinny" bill was far from ideal, but better than nothing.
Yes exactly, so please work with Dems to make a plan that actually accomplishes those goals, because none of the GOP plans did.
Would love to see you tweet..."sitting down with Dems on Monday, to put together bi-partisan plan, for all Americans."
Oh cut the BS! You don't give a damn about Ohioans or anyone else! Big pharma and insurance co's bought and paid for you!
Fix the ACA. @potus threatening to sabotage it puts millions lives in danger. Blood on his hands.
