Wish you cared about regulating something besides my uterus! How about stopping ACA repeal so I could afford a baby then?!
You have no right to tell the Victims of such Horrific Acts that their voices are not heard!You know some are as young as 10!
Thank you for protecting the unborn and giving them a voice.
shame on you. Men restricting women.
Today, Senator Portman attacked a woman's right to choose.  We must #StandIndivisible against attacks on women's rights.
Hard to tell from the announcement, but if this is the bill that defends Planned Parenthood, he should say so
what about the mans right to choose?
That position might carry more weight if there were exceptions for rape & incest. Are there?
Genuine question.
I would have no problem with that being a part of it. Still no tax money. Rich liberals can pay
This will further add to govmt spending. If they can't afford to get an abortion then they can't afford to raise a child. Welfare $ to raise
.@senrobportman clear assault on women's access to healthcare.
As your constituent, I do not support you in this.
Federal funding already doesn't go toward abortion as part of the Hyde Amendment (1993).
Today I decided to move out Ohio so your state will no longer get my income taxes
bodily autonomy is a human right. Maybe fund contraception if you want to decrease abortions. You don't represent the people.
Tax payer money never has been used for abortions. Stop the #alternativefacts. This is about controlling the female body. Sad
that is a terrible idea.  Shame on you! That shame will follow you
Thank you!
You should be ashamed. You know the consequences of limiting abortion rights. Sincerely, a voting constituent #abortionaccess
religion and politics should never mix. I voted for you and now regret it. In lock-step. Stop being a party puppet!
this was a dangerous decision. This is not what your constituents want.
oh yeah so dangerous!! His constituents voted him in knowing he was Pro-Life. Why would he vote otherwise?
federal tax $$$ DOES NOT FUND ABORTIONS. It's a Lie. Stop telling it. #WomenMarch
You need 2 answer 2 the women of Ohio!Would you introduce a bill for #Castrations of Rapest-Child Molestation&Incest Victims!
unacceptable! It has been made clear that this is not what your constituents want! Represent your people!
, make up your mind. More babies=more welfare. Fewer babies=less welfare+more taxpayers. Simple math, sir.
but it's ok to cut funding for food. You know for the ones who have already been born.
You, Senator, won't serve another term. #packyourbags
Thank you.
Senator, women want abortion safe, legal and rare. That means you should spend MY tax dollars on keeping it that way.
Actually, what you're doing is endangering the lives of millions of women and taking away their reproductive rights.
Thank you!!!
@joannesmoot  I support all who seek a life of  higher standards  @ value Life....AJ
why?
just can't wait until next election. YOU'RE FIRED!
You just hurt women.  Liberal Ohio women will not stand for this.Going to take back our congress. You are not representing us
What is it going to take for all you OLD MEN to STOP THIS MADDNESS!Give us a chance to find another alternative  #Castrations
that is the most ludicrous thing I've heard all day - shame on you
does this bill include rape and incest too?
do you not realize the constitution is a living document? You can't permanently end anything. Spend time saving healthcare.
your a shameful heart man. Little in stature and mind. Please never refer to yourself as a Christian again, your a Pagan.
women's right to choose. You say you support your constituents. Do they not use Twitter. READ THESE TWEETS #standIndivisible
The Hyde Amendment already banned federal money for abortions.  What the heck?  You are alienating this woman from Columbus.
Um, didn't the Hyde amendment Already do that? Are you guys just spinning your wheels passing nonsense legislation again??!!
this is already a law. Stop wasting time and energy and focus on something that needs to be done, like fixing the ACA.
Will you answer to God for the lives of women who die for lack of health care?
That's nothing to brag about.
you say abortion is against the conscience of half the people.   It's actually less but still, don't you represent all of us?
disgusting. If you could read or understand English you would know that tax payers do not fun abortions.
7 in 10 people approve of Roe v Wade....we will remember
I drove from Ohio to DC to March...I guess you didn't listen very well.
Please tell me what legislation you have passed regarding a man's body?
. As one of the people you are supposed to represent I am disappointed in your bragging about dismantling women's rights
Very unpopular move politically. Did you miss the #WomensMarchOnWashington ?
with no protection for women who are raped? That's inhuman. #sexualassault #womensrights @OHDems
if you want to save lives Do Not Repeal ACA. No repeal without a replacement. That's being pro life!
Seriously? You don't think we know what the Hyde Amendment is? Thanks for ensuring women won't have access to care.
it’s already illegal, dummy
this is an awful, awful decision for women in Ohio and America. Sir, you are making poor decisions for your constituents.
Women rights are human rights. Did you learn nothing from Saturday? #womensrightsarehumanrights
please introduce a bill to end federal funding of capital punishment because all life should be protected.
That's a lie and u know it. Abortions are not funded by taxpayers. You took away healthcare from women who need it. SHAME!
shouldn't a man who w ants a vasectomy be required to have counseling too?  I mean he won't be able to reproduce 
I'm sure you care about a man's right to reproduce too. Don't you?
mandate that men who want viagara be required to get a prostate exam and a cardio stress test ED and heart disease r related

Gross.
why are you bragging about this? Defend women's rights. #womensrightsarehumanrights
will the bill pay for the care of newborns found in garbage cans or hospital care for women that mutilate themselves
more women die when abortion access is restricted.
You aren't ending abortion. You're ending safe access for women.
*Today, I helped launch an attack on women's rights* I fixed it for you. #womensrightsarehumanrights #RoeVWade
So now women who can't afford an abortion will take dangerous measures and mortality rates will increase. Those deaths on you
the abortions were NEVER paid for, they provided information.Are we a communist society? Control what women can be educated?
In a communist society, the government would be funding everything, so, no.
Not familiar with the Hyde Amendment?
you are not pro-life, but pro-birth. Where's the health care all these babies?
shame on you.
Hyde Amendment! You are so dishonest, just like Trump. Try being upfront with your voters for a change!
because screw women, right? Why should they have rights? You're a clown and an embarrassment.
You better start loading up on Koch money now because the women of Ohio have long memories.
Don't let this issue take funding away from other non-abortion services provided by places such as planned parenthood.
Day after Women's March you could have intro Paid Family Leave to show you care about women. But no, you just want to control our bodies.
That's nothing to be proud of. Safe, legal, affordable abortion saves women's lives.
I'm embarrassed 2 be represented by someone who completely ignores the voices of the millions of women who marched this week
Learned something about Rob Portman today. Little regard for women's health issues. Leave them no choices. An Ohio voter.
federal gov does not fund abortion except for rape incest and moms life
If you are against abortions then why aren't you FOR health services & birth control to reduce the # of unplanned pregnancy
Federal $$$ helps low-middle income women get pap smears, cancer treatment,  & birth control to reduce the # of abortions
Federal $$$$ does NOT, let me repeat,  DOES NOT fund abortions.  
Federal $ provides health care  to low- middle class women
I'm embarassed that you puport to represent me!!
There is no Federal Funding of Abortion. The Hyde Amendment stopped that years ago, and you know it.
No coincidence that you were mum during the #Womansmarch2017
Thank you!
And you may want to look for other employment-we are coming for ALL OF YOU!! Americans want an end to Fed funded leaching!
We are watching you more carefully now. You will be called to explain this vote to Ohio women
Empty optics. Federal funds have been barred from abortions for years. This hurts women and families
you should be ashamed of supporting this restriction to women's health care!
wish you could spend more time worrying about life already here. Sad!
Now sponsor a bill requiring all candidates for president to produce their tax returns for the previous 5 years.
abortions are not free & are not subsidized. Taxpayers do not fund them. You're using #alternativefacts
abortion is a legal medical procedure, decided by a woman and her doctor. Poor women have this right too.  #prochoice
worrying about women in 3rd world countries getting abortions, instead of those here @home having insurance. Fail.
Ohio is one of the bottom three states for infant mortality. How about paying attention after they come out of the womb.
Thanks for responding to the Women’s march in such a progressive and thoughtful way  #useless
lets see how many taxpaying women you are sentencing to death..what a complete jerk move..@GOP will be voted out of office
Are you really so ignorant about government policy? It's already illegal. Do your homework & stop wasting taxpayer money.
why do you despise the already living?
@EllenMorris1222 oh, ffs, you just made women's lives harder. You going to fight 4 healthcare 4 babies actually HERE?
no, don't be silly. Republicans don't do that
Have you been to Trumbull County Sen to see the unwanted children  .No care after they are born
.@senrobportman And as you've made clear by destroying the ACA, no federal legislation is ever "permanent."
that's great, but that's not where all that money goes. BTW who has the most liberal abortion laws? Israel.
BRAVO!!!
Boo!
But no healthcare for baby or mom, right. You are pro-birth not pro-life. Pro-life would be for health care.
no American is ever refused health care. A hospital wont refuse to service you. Health ins Not in constitution
shame on you.
Easier than trying to solve real problems, right?
#GlobalGagRule will contribute to the #AIDS epidemic. This is not progress. This is backwards.
why aren't you working on fixing our healthcare? #highriskpoolsfail #preexisting #uninsurable #BCsurvivor small biz owner
@beth_wellington Thank you!
7 in 10 people support Roe v. Wade.
THANK YOU!!  MANY CHILDREN WHO WOULD'VE NOT HAD THE CHANCE MAY LIVE TO ALSO THANK YOU ONE DAY AS WELL FOR YOUR EFFORTS!  @POTUS @VP
are you going to start whining like the White House? You realize until you stand up to Trump you are painted w the same brush
this is going to create so many jobs
Thank you Rob! Let's continue to walk to returning Constitutional sound governance.
so what is the Hyde Amendment for? Why don't you stop wasting our time & do something about saving our healthcare?
BLATANT LIES! If you don't know the facts you're in the wrong job!
#Resist
#Hack
#Liar
#WomenAreWatching
#alternativefacts
Even in cases of rape or incest?
