
@senrobportman You're not paying attention.  We want to know where he got that #tenMillion in his pocket.  #nevergorsuch #resist
Oh, yeah--and there's this. #stolenseat #loser45
so nice to see your humorous side. Will not impose his personal beliefs??? That's your job. #WWRPD
you are a fool not to look at his previous rulings to see he has a history of doing such. #youarenothingbutapuppet
#alternativefact
Gorsuch is a line-jumper. #WWRPD
Like how you did with Title X funding? Why do you hate women and poor people so much?
Rob Portman prefers to fill his bank account with $ he steals from starving children. He loves thinking about them crying in hunger #tytlive
But you are free to impose your personal beliefs on the rest of us rather than listening to your constituents? #doyourjob #FilibusterGorsuch
Yeah, and Trump would be soooo busy as president he wouldn't have time to golf. #growapair
Rob. Seriously, we get you have a bromance w/ #gorsuch . I STILL disagree with your choice- 44107
Garland deserved at least as much consideration as you're giving Gorsuch. Not impressed with your endorsement.
as I am sure Judge Garland would have done. #stolenSCOTUS
NO vote on Gorsuch unless Trump is cleared of ties to Russia! #MerrickGarland
with the change of SC from Constitution interpretation to politics of party term limits take on a new meaning. Do yr job
Bullshit
and u really believe this  his record!! #fillabusterGorsuch
YOU, as a legislator, need to stop the corruption. End the corporate take over. Fix the mess caused by the Citizens United decision.
how do  you know???
Why are U imposing Trump's beliefs on the rest of us #rubberstampRob? R U involved in the cover-up/worse? #wedontknowaboutyou
A POTUS under investigation should not have a supreme court pick.  #russiagate
He will only bend the law to save a corporation it's in his record
#alternativefacts #Fakenews His RECORD speaks volumes. You are SO FAR OUT OF TOUCH WITH REALITY.
So the law was written to always support corporate interests vs. the individual?  You are getting worse every day.
What like Mike Pence didn't impose his beliefs on LGBT people? The GOP doesn't believe in freedom.
who paid you off this time? Did you get another 51000 to kiss Gorsuch ass?
How can you continue to not even acknowledge the terrifying prospects of RussiaTrump? #independentinvestigation #speakup
Fake news.
Yeah, sure,  keep talking Rob.
This made me LOL. Literally. Imposing views is the name of the game for guys like Gorsuch. Don't insult our intelligence.
stop please just stop
If all judges needed to do was to "apply the law as written" they wouldn't be judges. Laws always require interpretation.
Although, I thought it was wrong for REP to block Garland, I think Girsuch should be approved.
No vote on Gorsuch (or anything else for that matter) until RussianTrumpGate is independently investigated.
he personally thinks it's OK for employers 2 ask women about their plans 2 have kids in job interviews. So no, u r wrong.
His interp of the law on school accommodations for students with disabilities was so wrong the SC ruled 8-0 against him. Sad!
Perhaps...but the fact remains the seat should not be open in the first place.
.@senrobportman OH.COME.ON. (If I roll my eyes any harder I'm going to give my brain whiplash! Thank God that'll be covered under ACA!)
. I hear he favors corporations over employees. Hope u r correct.
#Gorsuch record proves the opposite. Your continued lies & denial of WH corruption is astounding. #VotePortmanOut #DarkMoney
I'll believe in the blooms after I see the flowers
The fuck he won't, sucka
Mr Portman, its Merrick Garland's position! Or, let's wait until the people have a President
And Garland would/should have been a great justice for us all. #TrumpIsntCredible. @SherrodBrown @OHDems @OhioDistrict12
and when you keep writing laws that disproportionally favor business, Gorsuch will enforce them. Just the trickle down lie.
He will roll back Rights of women and workers. He should not be confirmed.
There were laws codifying discrimination against women and enslaving Black Americans. A Gorsuch would've left us in chains
Explain why You voted in favor of Companies to sell my web browsing history and other personal info?Put your constituents 1st
Just the way Betsy DeVos won't pursue her private agenda to ruin public education.  @SenSherrodBrown @OHDems @OH3voters
Just like you won't impose your personal beliefs on the rest of us thru your votes against constituents? OH WAIT...
#FrozenTrucker
wrong to support Gorsuch when the 8 Justices don't support him. #RepresentOhioans Garland deserves the seat
as written by the corporations, for the corporations and of the corporations. #fillibusterGorsuch
he will only support corporate and special interests.
sadly we are stuck with him for 2049 more days :/
as opposed to DeVos who will impose her misguided beliefs on us instead of bettering legislation as previously written.
We do not believe that statement. Look at his record.
what about @GOP congressmen who try to impose their personal beliefs on everyone?
NO, it's a word.  Use it
you do realize all you spew is rhetoric and lies.  Please stop!  Your constituents are educated and know the truth!!!!
doesn't change the fact the seat does not belong to him and and and and the new administration needs to be cleared 1st!
Bullshit.
No on #SCOTUS vote - As an life long Ohioan, I do not agree with this nominee!
#Trumprussia all that matters

then vote already don't change the rules.
Imposing one's beliefs upon another and applying the law as written are not mutually exclusive. Shouldn't you know by now?
That (R) next to your name is a liability. You picked the wrong team.
you did notice the high rate of his decisions overturned by higher courts, right? including SCOTUS
you wish.
please stop following trump like a lap dog. You're ok with all that you are allowing him to Do? Please stop!
we trust your judgement about as much as we trust Putin, NO GORSUCH!
Comcast bought your vote for $89,000.00 against internet privacy!  HYPOCRITE!
I've got a bridge in Columbus I'd like to sell you
You do realize his personal beliefs do frame his application of the law as written. Right?  @OhioDistrict12
just like you?  Yeah, right!
yeah right. We've seen how he applies it to women and other marginalized groups
Then why confirm him? The role of the Supreme Court is to fill in the blanks where the law is not explicit. Wrong litmus, Rob
He already has imposed his beliefs & tries pulling them off as original constitutionalist.
We need to NOT get rid of the 60 vote rule- So ... work to win over the @SenateDems - Delay the vote & work the room!!!!
That may be, but you should have considered Garland, and his nomination is tainted by Trump.  No on Gorsuch.
you don't listen to your state about anything. Your party has become corrupt and you are an embarrassment #countryoverparty
Then why him? WHY the fervor to nom a conservative? If he won't interpret law conservatively? He's under a red cloud
2) of suspicion. NO to a judge nom by a so called pres under FBI investigation.
his record says other wise. 45 shouldn't be allowed to have a nominee in his final year as president #impeachtrump
You are most of the reason I wish there were down votes on Twitter.

written law must be interpreted so #gorsuch / #garland will use personal beliefs to make interpretation as any judge would
Tell all the Dems.
as written where exactly? In the everlasting book of #alternativefacts
as would have Judge Garland
#NoGorsuch. Special interests, corporate bias and a sincere lack of compassion. He really looked terrible.
as written? You mean the way the second amendment includes the words "well regulated militia"?
You voted for DeVos&Pruitt. Your judgment is poor. Gorsuch hates women and thinks a man should've frozen to death 4 his job
Here in KY my daughter is a teacher & they have already been called into a meeting & told to expect job cuts! Sad
Hope her job is safe! Everything is in such disarray in this country. It is very scary! We've got to stay and keep fighting!!
She's only in her 2nd year of teaching so may b one of 1st to go. Low income district & upset that program 4 food going 2 b gone
Ugh. Reading that turned my stomach! Thank your daughter for doing such important work. Fingers crossed people with hearts prevail!
I will. She lives her kids & the job!
You say any thing to play the GOP http://puppet.love  you sold out internet privacy for 80,000 bucks
Perhaps you should have a face to face Town Hall and see what your constituents think. Remember them? You work for them.
And your evidence J. Garland wouldn't do the same?Oh right you have none because he didn't get a hearing.
@SpeakerRyan said Russia meddled and nobody's disputing that. So now get @SenMajLeader to call for independent investigation
too bad you've already tainted his seat by blocking a hearing for garland.
we couldn't appoint someone in the last year of Obama's presidency, can we in the last year of @realDonaldTrump's?
Stolen seat as an Ohio voter don't expect to have another term. I don't believe for a moment that Gorsuch will follow law.
How about Country before Party?  No vote until #russiagate is investigated
It is irresponsible to focus on SCOTUS and not call for an independent investigation. You know?....Russia.
Fat Chance Moran you must be packing for home Americans that vote peace out
with all due respect Senator. The judge was unanimously overturned by SCOTUS last week. He is outside the mainstream.
@All100Senators @YouTube Judge Merrick Garland is the same high principled jurist. Not even a hearing-dereliction of duty!
GOP blocks SCOTUS pick Garlund because Obamas last year. This orange clown might not make it for 3 months. You know? Russia..
Having watched the interaction between him and @SenFranken voting No is the next best thing not having a hearing at all
How about investigating Trump first?
also: @realDonaldTrump was elected with help from Russia.  I think we need to wait. #Trumprussia
He looked bad...REAL bad. He sure didn't care about the working guy. And couldn't answer a simple question. It was absurd!
then he must have horrendous legal/personal beliefs to achieve 8 SCOTUS judgments against
When Merrick Garland gets his hearing... then you all can vote to confirm one or the other.
#parrotthepartyline #coward #trumpisyourlegacy
Did you fall asleep while @SenFranken not only exposed him but destroyed him or are you a puppet to your party? You Tube it
This is a stolen seat and cannot be filled by a president under investigation. Time for country over party.
too bad the Senate doesn't similarly apply the Constitution
Yeah, Merrick Garland applies the law as written, too.
Confirmation of any Judge to a stolen SCOTUS seat by a treasonous POTUS will undermine the Court's authority for a generation
that's goetta
I dont trust your judgement; you confirmed Betsy Devos.
well she paid for it
NO CONFIRMATION UNTIL #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION. OPEN YOUR EYES & EARS! #WHATAREYOUDOING #COUNTRYOVERPARTY #REALTOWNHALLNOW
Bravo! Amen!
until a corporation offers him some money
bullshit and you know it Portman.
