Please do not repeal the ACA until there is a legitimate replacement. The American people need affordable healthcare!
I'm so sick of this GOP lie. Insurance costs go up like the costs of other businesses.  Hospitals have to pay staff, buy supplies, etc. We need Obama care, and we need MoCs to work with insurance companies to make costs better. Do your job!
the ACA is not the cause of skyrocketing cost. Let's look at regulating insurance companies and big pharma to reduce costs
The ACA saved me from bankruptcy and homelessness because I survived breast cancer and became uninsurable because b4 the ACA surviving cancer was a “preexisting condition”. #fixACA #saveACA
Sounds great, what's your plan? Been waiting about 7 years to hear all about it!
a winner identifies the solution and doesn't just point out the problem. Be a problem solver not a problem!  #healthcare
We can do better once your out of office.
So repeal and what? Go back to people with preexisting conditions not being insured and more citizens going bankrupt over medical bills? Some Christian you are...
Still waiting on your plan. 640k Ohioans gained coverage under ACA.
Stand up for Ohio, for America and tell us how you'll improve, not dismantle, a program that has saved so many lives.
Do we have to wait until you pass the replacements to Obamacare before we can hear what they are?
ACA is fantastic, fix the minor problems - don't throw the baby out with the bath water
Then please come up with the "better system" before you do away with the existing system.
ACA is working in many states. CA has 11 insurers and only 4% premium increase (8-10% before ACA). Work with Dems to improve.
@GOP attempt at healthcare was a disaster. Trump ran on better healthcare for less money. We all know it can’t be done. Why not patch the ACA and make it work. It’s far better than anything the Republicans have proposed.
Why don't you go after the insurance companies for skyrocketing costs? Their CEOs are making record-high salaries.
We need you to prove you care about people not money\party politics. Have the new plan ready so nobody goes without make the transition easy
https://twitter.com/TheDemocrats/status/822191959401852928 … More affordable for who Senator?  Looks like repealing is only a good deal for people making  200k
RT if the Republicans’ plan to repeal the ACA won’t save you money on your taxes. 
if you CAN do better, DO BETTER FIRST before you repeal. Otherwise, you're hurting Americans for political gain.
.@senrobportman Skyrocketing costs aren't set by #ACA. Don't give in to gross partisan politics. Your constituents are counting on you.
lets see an actual plan. Enough vague reference
just don't leave anyone without coverage
Does Rob even understand Obamacare is not insurance? I wonder...
Y'all haven't done it in 6 yrs. What makes you think you'll get it together now?
again, what provisions of the ACA do you find expendable? Don't speak in platitudes, be specific. Third time asking.

Do not repeal witout relacement Most Ohioans want to keep aca. Fight for aca or we will find a senator who will.
@14thV Then fix Obamacare! You have had, as a party, YEARS to come up with a plan. God forbid you work with Obama.
Continuing to use #ObamaCare instead of #ACA is cheap and partisan and gross. Also, fix, don't dismantle. Cowards.
Will the new plan cover the costs of those who are murdered due to your A+ rating from the NRA
What's your better system again? Oh wait, that's right - you just want to kill the one we have and figure it out later. Oops.
you do realize 220,000 Ohioans will lose addiction care with repeal, correct? #saveACA
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #LastTermRob
And what do you propose instead? Go on, I'll wait... In the meantime, please don't repeal the #ACA leaving millions uninsured
Premiums actually slowed and healthcare spending decreased. Insurance has responsibility to cover ppl at all risk levels.
what is that system?
You keep saying that but I see nothing! At least @POTUS did something and had a plan. #SaveACA
Previous tweet about a smooth transition seemed very reasonable. This seems oddly provocative and partisan.
How would you know the American taxpayer pays for your insurance and the insurance of your family
You've had 6 years- where's the replacement plan? #ACA #wherestheplan
So what's the plan?
.@senrobportman #ACAworks. Insurance companies made money hand over fist b/c congress did nothing for 8 years. Sickness is not a commodity.
We are watching! You and the GOP had better deliver or it will cost you dearly.
As small business owners, we actually like ACA, but if you can come up with a BETTER replacement, we are on board.
Still just words. Experts agree it can't be done unless it looks a lot like ACA.
Then why are you gutting the pieces of it that ARE working, like birth control coverage, preexisting conditions?
The uninsured rate for non-elderly adults in OH has been nearly halved, from 13.4% to 7.6%. Rates go up b/c @GOP allow it.
Why are you throwing out the baby with the bath water.  Keep what works in the ACA & improve it.
Every American citizen deserves affordable healthcare. Not abortions. Not babysitting. In majority; do it.
Yes, the one Trump says he has ready to go.  Insurance for everyone! Pass it Monday. Why wait? Wait, he has one,right?
Republicans have tried repealing for 8 yrs. Why don't you already have a plan? Listen to the people. Majority want NO repeal
#RepairNotReplace.
The costs will have to come out of someone's pocket.  How much will come out of the pockets of patients?  Can you say?
you are aware from oh 1990-2010 the costs and premiums were increasing *more* than now? Did you do anything about it? No.
How about you cut your own healthcare and pension as well. Along with your children. You are a joke of a senator!
#Obamacare Gives me medicine I need to live without sending me into debt. Will you pay for my medicine? It is 100k a year
OK, but show us the details before you repeal ACA.
Absolutely. Had you all worked with the administration over the last 8 years, we might have had one already. #bipartisanship
GOP has NO plan vocalized 2 replace other than "we're working on it". Let's not play w health of millions #Obamacare #SaveACA
it's not necessary to repeal and replace. Just work to improve the law to negotiate lower costs.
ACA or as you call it Obamacare so it is said as a pejorative saves lives. @GOP plan no more then GOP sanctioned genocide.
#RepsOnTheRun over your ACA lies.
We can do better than you!!
#DeathByGOP is your agenda. We see you
GOP plan make the rich richer and the poor sicker. I am one of your constituents & will see to it you are never re-elected
specifics??
Greedy insurance companies are unneeded MIDDLEMEN who have single-handedly wrecked healthcare reducing both quality & access.
So let's fix what's not working instead of throwing it all away! Repair not repeal!
Too bad we don't have a PE, or Congress, that cares what they're doing to people.
Obamacare does not need replaced to be improved.  Expand it. Add a government plan for everyone to buy into. Keep it.
LOL. We know you and the GOP have no good ideas. Try reigning in the greedy hospitals, pharma and insurance companies.
Banishing pre-existing conditions to high risk pool solves promise of access, but FAILS affordable. We've been here before.
Set up high-risk pools across state lines with bigger pools than state-only pools which are too expensive. Under ERISA.
Then Force Rich People To Pay Their Fucking  Taxes! When Fucking Have The Money They Don't Need Fucking Tax Breaks.
Please let us know the details of the GOP replacement plan. We are tired of hearing how bad ACA is w no GOP plan #SaveACA
Yes we do. Sell health ins across state lines. Set rules under ERISA like large corporation self-insured plans. Bigger pools
AFFORDABLE, accessible, high quality
we need an actual plan to replace the ACA rather than kicking millions off healthcare. Why not work with dems to fix ACA?
best way to move fwd is to to work w Dems to fix ACA. GOP can't even agree how/when or what to repeal it w
And this plan is...? Until you show a plan this is just a slogan.
Why did you vote to repeal all of it, instead of what is not working? Fix it. Skyrocket costs are the insurance co.'s doing.
Reply to @senrobportman i respect ur service but unless GOP has a solution that performs better & costs less, repeal without replace- no go
do you have to discard and start over? No. But you'll do anything to tarnish Obama's legacy. Coward.
What is that system? And affordable, accessible for whom?
