I worked for a small business. They were exempt from providing healthcare. ACA allowed myself and coworkers to be covered.
myself and my boss couldn't get insurance at all before ACA bc we both had pre-existing conditions.
Do you remember before ACA when insurance costs were spiraling out of control?  Insurance is the problem, not the solution.
@SenateRPC President Obama Rocks! A GREAT   President!  Thank you President Obama! #PresidentObama 
Define "small business." If they can't afford ins for workers this is due to private ins companies. Not #ACA
There is NO economy and job creation if people are DEAD. #ACA saves lives.  You put your hate of Obama over Ohioans.
Millions of people losing health ins is REALLY going to hurt the economy.
well, at least no rich people will suffer so it's all good.   
Coverage portability, preexisting condition protection, and parity of male/female costs are essential aspects of the ACA.1/2 @senrobportman
Sm/Med biz cannot compete w/o offering benefits. How do you expect any to stay in business? Have you ever talked to SMB? @senrobportman
incorrect sir. I am a small business crafter who would not have affordable insurance w/out ACA.
without the ACA, my small business would've shuttered last year and I would still be digging myself out of medical debt.
ACA enabled me to start my biz, now $3MM in revenue and employing 5 w/health care & 401k. I'm a cancer survivor.
ACA helped this small business owner when I got cancer. No insurance w/o ACA. What's your better idea?
without the ACA, I’ll have to close my business forcing myself & my employee to find work elsewhere. You don’t speak for us.
I'm a small business owner. I have 10 employees. It is not hurting my business!
Seriously ashamed that you represent our state. You guys need to get a clue. #dontrepealtheaca
I'm self employed and couldn't afford health ins anymore w/out ACA. My old superhigh deductible policy cost 3x as much!
you could not be more wrong. #ACA enabled small biz owners like me to buy insurance, without subsidy, supporting the economy
this small biz is able to thrive & retain employees because of #Obamacare ! You do not speak for us!
Our economy is better than it was under Bush. Who it's hurting is your ultra-rich friends!
But all people, no matter their state of health, need to be guaranteed healthcare. So what is your solution?
that is an out and out lie and you know it. Propaganda. You have single payor, socialist insurance. Give it to us, NOW.
I'm running my own business & get treatment I can't afford on my own.
This is a lie, senator.
Keep telling yourself that as you try to sleep at night knowing 3,600 Americans will die every month after the ACA is gone.
MD husband in solo practice couldn't get ins. b4 ACA cuz preexisting conds. Surgery saved his life & jobs of 34 employees.
yeah? Bigotry hurt North Carolina's economy but the GOP certainly isn't interested in abandoning it.
without the ACA I couldn't afford coverage for myself or my 3 employees. It THE ONLY reason we all have coverage.
Which Small Bizs does it hurt? The ones with HUNDREDS of employees? My "small biz" with 5 employees found health care.
small biz owner here - without ACA, my family has NO insurance. It's really that simple. & ACA is really just that important.
so what provisions of the affordable care act do you think are expendable?
and people without pre-existing.   Just people.   People who have every day issues.  Like my son's sinus infxn
It also created a ton of medical jobs to help with all the people finally getting treatment for health issues. Sooo, stow it.
so fix it don't repeal it. That's not the answer.
no it's not.  People in small businesses have coverage bc of it
My small businessman husband has health insurance despite a pre-existing condition because of Obamacare
my husband - self employed -only insurance he could get would be through #ACA  Bad for our business to repeal it!
It's sad that we as your constituents have to educate you about things like the history and purpose of the ACA
I know a ohioan small business owner who could die because of this. Don't hide your shame behind honest entrepreneurs.
Actually self-employed folks I know are very grateful for #ACA. It's a relief not to be at continual risk of bankruptcy, yknow? @kelleydeal
OK, @senrobportman how are you going to do that when you can't even manage your Cincy office? http://cin.ci/2inTgMU  via @enquirer
expain - in which way exactly - site some specific examples and does that outweigh the good?
Senator, I believe you are mistaken. REPEALING Obamacare would hurt the economy.
I don't know, it seems to be working for this guy.
The bad optics that began Paul Ryan's town hall: Ex-Reagan campaign worker thanks Obamacare for saving his life. 
actually the Republicans are hurting small business! stop lying!
most government regulations hurt small businesses...
What is the plan to offer affordable healthcare to all citizens while reducing costs & increasing quality and efficency? #ACA
the ACA gives many citizens the confidence to self employ without needing insurance from an employer. So it's pro small biz
ACA has benefits even for those with private insurance. What stays, what is changed and what goes? 2/2
We deserve a side-by-side comparison of new proposal BEFORE a repeal. It's not fair to decide blindly!  1/2
Is it your position then that anyone who dies preventably in direct result of repeal w/o replace is a martyr for this cause?
Have you measured effect on entrepreneurship from folks preferring to remain on employer-provided insurance?
no one is saying ACA can't be improved.  We just want to know GOP plans to cover same w better care and cheaper.  Tell us!
what's the fix? I'm a small biz owner & the future looks scarier with repeal. This repeal seems to favor wealthy more. Stop
It is the only reason the small company I work for even exists. DoD contractor making revolutionary A.I. in Ohio.
How? And does it really justify the consequences of millions of Americans losing their health insurance?
Voting along party lines doesn't help Ohioans who need medical insurance.  There is nothing to replace it.
Please let us know how ur plan will provide coverage for those who signed up for ACA, and about pre-existing condition protections.
Then work to fix it. Pre-exiting condition protection is needed. Do you not care what constituents want?
Bullshit. I own a small business. Do u Senator?  ACA has kept my employees healthy and productivity doubled. U r wrong
how on earth does it undermine small businesses?!  And undermine economics?! Cheap rep sh@t talk. #obamacare #ACA #trump
I have studied this mr. Portman. You are not telling the truth. No backbone! COWARD!
being able to get coverage thru obamacare allows people to start and work for small businesses
Lack of access to cancer screenings hurts your constituents. #fixinghealthcare #refinedontrepeal
again republican talking points. I own a small business, went from 20 to 75 employees in the last 2 years. Not hurting me.
The #ACA has given millions health care they need, with no discrimination for preexisting conditions. What is your plan?
