Tax reform won’t save lives, better gun laws will.  Priorities.  The rich can get more  later.
Thank God there will be more jobs so I can find a second, or third, to cover the increase in my fed income taxes 
That is just not true, it's about enriching the top 1% further - cut payroll taxes for jobs growth  #taxreform
Greed the true religion of the Republican Party
It's also about gutting #Medicaid & putting prgrms that keep medically fragile@kids alive and at home at risk
There is also the fact that tax cuts do not increase jobs.  Just corporate profits that are not shared with the workers.
How do you sleep at night knowing you lie about this massive transfer of wealth to the already greedy wealthy?
But most of all, thank God for the opportunity for your b/millionaire friends to save a little (lol a lot!) of money @ my family's expense
Delusional lies you're selling there.
Brownback's tax experiment in Kansas was a disaster. Don't force it on the rest of us. #BrownbackDisaster #TaxReform
LIAR. SELLOUT. WORTHLESS POLITICIAN FOR 1% .
What a bunch of crap when the republicans get their tax breaks jobs are the furthest from their minds off shore bank accounts are
Thank you @POTUS for working on #PromisesMadePromisesKept Tax Reform is a MUST! #AllAmerica can agree that taxes are TOO HIGH. Keep @ #MAGA
Actually, it's about taking bread, medicine and education from poor people and giving rich folks a tax break, but why quibble over facts?
All u need to know about GOP - they meet with KOCHS to decide OUR fate?  Continued war on the middle class.
Not just GOP but Dems too. Under BHO 95% of all new wealth went to top 1%.
Largest transfer of wealth from poor/middle to rich in history.
Barack at least tried hard - more tax cuts on the rich (higher rate, health care taxes, etc.)

But he was obstructed 6-7 yrs by KOCHS party
BHO had a dem congress his first 2 years. He pushed 4 no jobs bills rebuilding infrastructure, no higher mw, no Single payer, public option
Rob it's about tax breaks for billionaires. Stop LYING!
Get what done?  The details are even fully out yet?

This is not tax reform... This is give the Rich more take away from the middle xalss and poor
There is literally zero real evidence that tax cuts to the wealth and to corporations lead to more jobs. None.
It's about lining the pockets of your millionaire buddies, @senrobportman, there's no evidence you have any concern for your constituents.
DITTO


This is a GOP tax plan? Possibly 30% of middle class gets a tax hike? I hope the final details are better than this. http://www.taxpolicycenter.org/publications/preliminary-analysis-unified-framework/full …
STOP! Let's worry about gun laws right now. You're indebted to the NRA, huh? Give them their money back so America can be safe again!
It’s about cutting middle class taxes and not the rich ones. Make it happen.
Rob, I wish I could be with you on this jobs thing. As it is, you have betrayed basic needs of the people. You sold your soul.
He NEVER had a soul.
Still waiting on that trickle 
