More important to stand up to big pharma and insurance cos & vote no on #GrahamCassidy.
Important that you don't take away our health care for pre-existing conditions! #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #BadForOhio
then why don't you take on trump and his gang?  NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
Vote NO on this most recent outrageous healthcare bill!  Or I will vote NO for you.
It's important that you don't throw millions off their healthcare coverage
Not meeting with ur constituents at a Town Hall also undermines us! U represent US. NO ON #CASSIDYGRAHAM

Propaganda & disinformation now coming from our own White House....please deal with it
EVERY SINGLE ONE of the 50 state Medicaid directors have united to oppose the #GrahamCassidy repeal bill. #VoteNo
It's important you protect your citizens.  Give them health care
Why do you ignore what the people of Ohio want? We ALL NEED HEALTHCARE. Stop lining your pockets,  do your job!
All these tweets yet nothing about Graham-Cassidy! Vote No! Over 5 million Ohioans have pre-existing conditions! This bill is pure evil!
Important that you don't vote to repeal Obamacare!
You mean the kind of crap that had an impact on the recent election? You know the one that elected that orange hippo?
And prosecute the Trump cronies and others who aided.
And vote HELL NO on Graham-Cassidy of course. UNBELIEVABLE Lyndsey Graham sponsored that bill. What an abomination.
Just another Clown Party POS TIME TO VOTE ALL THIS SCUM OUT!
What Trump-Russian connections...?
Graham-Cassidy betrays the Ohioans you work for.  You don't even have the courage to directly address your position on it. #VoteNo
D U H !!
You are very active on twitter tonight yet silent on #GrahamCassidy. State your position!
He won't- @senrobportman is terrified of #Trumps loyalists & wants to play the middle #courage #ethics #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy
Especially when the disintel calls are coming from... /inside the White House/ #impeach
Would be nice if you all had the same attitude about healthcare for Americans.  But at least we will have more bombs.
We don't need GOP les about our medical insurance. Vote No on #GrahamCassidy
Why is the Mexican government and their citizens here illegally allowed push their agenda in the U.S. Illegals register voters, campaign ,,,
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
You still have time (barely) to avoid going down in history as one of the most cowardly Graham-Cassidy stooges. #VoteNo
Sleazy Kochsucker
It's important that you vote against the new healthcare propoal. Why do you want to kill off your voters?
Bullcrap Portman. You openly a support a man who directly benefited from this practice. 
You should be ashamed of yourself Rob.
Rob I'm certain you will vote to repeal healthcare. Explain why you want your constituents to die.
It's sad when the American citizens have to worry as much about elected officials as we do our international enemies. Why repeal healthcare?
Allowing insurance companies to disallow pre existing conditions, is a good thing to you?! We will remember w/our votes next year! Vote NO!
(202) 224-3353
Vote NO #GrahamCassidyBill
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy Please, @ least try this time to be human this time.
Is Russia behind these brutal attempts to strip millions of Americans of their access to healthcare?! Please stand up for OH#nograhamcassidy
Foreign and domestic, wouldn't you agree? How many times have you spoken out against the clear lies from the current occupant of the WH?
Vote no on Graham Cassidy bill.
Important that Americans have healthcare. No on graham Cassidy!
Vote NO on Graham Cassidy!
Important that we educate our citizens to know bull shit
Hunny, that would require a new US President :/
Insurance surcharges under Cassidy-Graham:
Asthma $4,340
Diabetes $5,600
Cancer $72,980
Pregnancy $17,320
How will you vote, Rob?
Another Portman smokescreen?
So we don't notice as you sell your soul for foreign $ to GOP while Ohio looses $2.5 billion?
Everyone who is tweeting about health care: PLEASE call Sen Portman's office to be tallied.

202-224-3353.

You can leave voicemail.
Well you can start with our current President and his campaign
Now you'll talk about Russia? Trying get to hide a Healthcare vote?
What about propaganda and disinformation from our supposed elected representatives like yourself  #PhotoOpRob?
Yes, and voting machines too. Enough with the vote rigging!
Yes. Please show your Ohio voters exactly the false news stories that they consumed
No shit Rob Portman. Where have you been the last 8 months. And oh by the way LEAVE MY HEALTHCARE ALONE!!!
You are our voice and we are saying NO on the #GrahamCassidy bill!
@CNN Foreign Propaganda??  Hey Portman... Are you AWOL?? What say you about the shit coming out of the White House?????
What about the Domestic propaganda coming from WH daily?
Senator Portman, it's important that we stop disinformation and propaganda from our own congress. Trump ROCKS
also against Trump administration and Fox News, Breitbart & Infowars. Probably more dangerous right now than foreign sources
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy! Ohioans and Americans will suffer.  Support and improve ACA.
Be courageous and vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill!!!
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy (worse than Trumpcare) bill!! This breast cancer survivor needs protection. 45150
Does that disinformation include dismissing climate science deniers?
It's also important that you CARE about the people who live here.  Vote NO on the bill to repeal the ACA.
Keep doing the good work!
A great way to bolster those defenses would be to #impeach Trump #25for45
Yes!!!!
 And please show leadership and stand for Ohio...KEEP OUR CARE  
#ACA # AffordableCareAct #Obamacare
And important to vote against the Graham-Cassidy proposal!
Collusion....say it, know it.  They did this with help.
vote no on Graham-Cassidy. We need single payer not another screw the poor act
It's also important that you don't take away healthcare from children. Vote NO #GrahamCassidy
We should bolster our defense against trump propaganda & his disinformation
So you're cool with impeaching Trump then?
