It failed in Kansas. It failed when Reagan and Bush did it. Try something new.
Please look at what @govsambrownback did to Kansas. Schools had to close for days because there was no $!
They don't care!
No cuts for the rich.
Show us trump's tax returns.
We want HEALTHCARE.

YOU ARE NOT LISTENING
Stop kissing Gator Boys ass and giving tax breaks mainly to the wealthy
You propose double taxi action by taking the state and local tax deductions away. You pile more debt on to the middle class
Not this tax reform.  Tax people with higher incomes, you dolt.  SUPPLY SIDE ECONOMICS don't work!
Overselling is a sign that you are trying to shove it down our throuts! Very bad sign! Senator!
#TaxReform will not create jobs. Corps distribute tax savings to C-Suite execs & save the rest.  Very irresponsible.
What a load of lies!
You know you're lying and doing it straight in the faces of those who will benefit the least. Can you feel shame anymore?
Republicans are using Trump's ignorance to do dispicable acts. They don't care at all about the average person they never did.
Is it a magic trick? Cause all evidence indicates that cutting taxes for rich does nothing to create jobs.
Mr Portman, the tax reform hurts the middle class, we are tired of the deteriorating conditions for our families
STOP TAKING MONEY FROM THE NRA!
Tax reform will only benefit your rich donors. You don't represent Ohioans. Your actually giving large tax breaks for the rich.
Real tax reform might.  I don't see any real tax reform proposal.
#TaxScam
Is the stock market at an all time high, as Donnie has been tweeting, or do we need to 'jump start' the economy? So confused, Robert .
Trickle down economics doesn’t work. We need better education, infrastructure,renewable energy, sustainable farming & a healthy environment
Resign you don't listen to the people of Ohio.
Have not yet seen credible study that says this will help middle class.
I don't believe you or the GOP. I don't believe Trump. Kansas did this: https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/542532/ …. Please stop the Bull 
No tax cuts to anyone making more than 1M a yr. No cutting out the 'death tax'.
Raise SS to unlimited over 500000 a yr. No trickle down.
Tax reform won't matter a bit if 45 drops a nuke or two...
Nearly full employment since Obama admin. If tax cut is job boost (which it's not) where are workers coming from? Idea instead cut deficit!
Trickle down economics doesn’t work. #learnyourhistory #reaganwaswrong
Your POTUS wants to increase the nuclear arsenal tenfold?? What’s wrong with #Republicans? Can’t you stand up to him?? #ohio #christian
Republicans are destroying the constitutional rights of the majority and minorities w/in. They are loving this. WE r not represented at all
Rob please just stop.
You are aware that this same plan failed in Kansas, right? #TaxReform #SaveTheRich
no giving more back to the rich is NOT jumpstarting the economy.  Besides tRUMP keeps telling us HOW  GREAT the economy is.....contradicting
Tax cuts for the wealthy do not bring wage increases to the workers. Quit lying about it.
You don't learn easily, do you? Trickle down doesn't work. This helps the 1%, not 99% of Ohioans.
When do you plan on introducing it? All we have now is a #KochTaxCut that your party claims is "reform"
This plan has many untruths for the average American.
Don't let it include abolishment of the estate tax for the super rich which will increase inequality, the deficit and national debt.
I wish you felt the same about repeal and replace the ACA.
This won't work. Listen to Kansas:
No tax reform until Trump releases his taxes #DontheCon #trumpLies #WakeUpAmerica
Economy good now  4% unemployment. Any less than that, we'll need to overhaul immigration and let more people IN to do the work.
Meanwhile there are cities in US which have programs to help homeless w/ less than 1/2 the budget of Tom Price’s flight. #ohio #christian
you and @potus don't get to brag about the strength of the DOW and also say the economy is weak.
For those reading this look up Kansas tax cuts as an example of what portman want for the whole country...it failed
#TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam
How in heaven’s name can you talk about jumpstarting an economy growing through the roof? GOP can’t spin it both ways but keep trying. Shame
There's no evidence that cutting taxes leads to an increase in jobs, Rob

Stop lying to your constituents
What protections are in it so that business tax savings are required to be used on additional labor and higher wages? Big assumption if not.
MASSIVE TAX CUTS!! That's what trump says! Host a town hall and tell us about it! It sounds like a friendly gathering!
1,079.
Tax Reform is critical to you receiving those sweet, sweet Koch dollars.  It had nothing to do with jobs or helping the middle class.

Dear Senator Portman, quit trying to feed us .
Still looking for ideas on how to cut the deficit? Don't cut taxes for the rich!
Not your kind of tax reform!
As a conservative, you need to restudy "fiscal responsible" as it relates to USA.
Oh, if only it were true.  You really are a joke.
so how many jobs will you yourself create??????
How? You cant just say we need #TaxReform what reform is in the plan?
Tax reform is important. Just not the tainted, corrupt and fraudulent GOP version of it.
Trickle down economics doesn’t work and is an obvious scapegoat to line your pockets and those of your wealthy donors. #lies #corrupt
But our Republican president keeps saying how great the economy is.  So,  why do we need tax cuts for the wealthy a day corporations?
Yes it is if aimed at low and middle class.  Trickle down never did work.  Meaningfull reform needs true bipartisan debate and compromise.
Rob, as your constituent, I'm asking if you're going to do this by taking food stamps away from children and Medicaid from the disabled?
You’re a coward and a liar. Just announce your retirement and we’ll all be happier.
You are going down in history as someone with power who did NOTHING for the good of workers, country, and human dignity.
this is corporate welfare! The lowest 50% of wage earners pay no income tax, this is a gift to anyone making over $200K
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan 6.2mil jobs unfilled, 2.3tril. not being spent by corps. NO tax cuts! #educate #hire
How will that happen when all the tax breaks are going to the top 1%?
#reaganomicsIsAFailure. Learn from past mistakes
How can ANYONE share how they REALLY FEEL when we see how BRUTAL the potus and FEMA boss treated Puerto Rico's mayor
Free Speech is replaced
Trump's. Tax. Returns. Please.
Your passion for tax cuts has trumped any interest you had in our environment.  Pruitt will burn the Cuyahoga again if there's profit in it.
Really worried about Medicare and SS. Tax cuts will cut into what programs? And really very little benefit for average earner.
Please stop saying that. It’s not true.
You cannot continue to act like anything going on in WH is normal. To ignore is to support the crazy rants. When will GOP Congress stand up?


From Rob who family net worth is $20 MILLION
(Number show $8M for ROb remaining tucked away under wife & children) 
It also NOt about Jobs.
I've asked repeatedly 4 u to give evidentiary support to your claim that @GOP tax cuts will jobs and wages.  #robisakochshill
Tax breaks for the wealthy don't help the economy or create jobs. Poor and middle class Consumers with higher wages create jobs. #TaxtheRich
Why are you trying to gut Medicare & Medicaid? How will that help the average Ohioan?

Quit lying, Rob. This plan is tax cuts for billionaires and corporations.
but this plan will take money from Medicare and Medicaid are you willing to risk that for tax breaks for the 1%




Oh Rob! This is a #GOPLIE Tax cuts do not stimulate economic or job growth. This has been debunked several times over since 1986.
Will you do your job and get Richard Cordray fired?
Too bad it won't actually do that. It's just an excuse to push more dollars around for you and your buddies. #liar #badplan
If you support @realDonaldTrump , #Ohio will support you senator.
I will
The facts. Trump’s tax plan will only benefit the extremely wealthy.
A slick video isn't fooling anyone, Senator.  This "tax plan" is a giveaway to the rich, full-stop.
Your boss says economy is great why do we need to give more breaks to business & the wealthy? U trying 2 tank the economy again  #coward
"Republicans used to think of themselves as the party of fiscal responsibility, but that label clearly is outdated"
Disgraceful plan.  The corporate rate being lower than the middle class rate..??  That's fair to you?
False. Most money is proven to go into business pockets and very little is given to workers. This is a give-away to the rich and adds debt.
GOP Tax Reform helps the 1% who don't spend the savings.  Little benefit to lower/middle class where the $$ would be spent causing growth.
What ever happened to your concern about the deficit? Companies already sitting on trillions $. Which they're using for stock buybacks.

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Constituent 44074 Where in this plan are companies required to $ from tax cuts to create jobs & increase wages?
Check the stat's economy doing well! Thank's Obama! Hx will not look kindly on Repubs for letting an unfit Trump to remain in office!Impeach
Rob boosted the federal deficit with his budget for Bush, then asked for our help in the reducing deficit. Now he looks to balloon it again.
Once the current Executive branch leader is impeached and Congress settles down, then we talk about leaving the taxes alone.
Your #TaxReform plan will create a recession. The same plan failed in Kansas, and will fail the country. Let's discuss at a townhall...
How about helping expose Bias small county run CPS and GAL in Tiffin Ohio.  Child disclosed to numerous therapist https://www.facebook.com/megreen12/posts/10155735056701354 …
We have documents to prove they are very Bias and working against mother.  Alleged abuser has strong family ties in the county
Did you say gun control? Didn't think so.
You are LYING with this video and statement in order to meet demands of Koch Bros. Network. You’re corrupt.
#liar #corrupt #PhotoOpRob
Also the economy is doing fine!
As a retired pastor, I am more interested in keeping my social security and medicare intact.And as a humanitarian, I believe medicaid vital
If only you had a plan that would accomplish those things. This plan guts govt income and spikes deficit to unrecoverable level. #BadPlan
Just going to keep pretending our President isn't 100% batshit crazy?
“#TaxReform is critical to making the rich richer, so that they can enrich me with campaign contributions.”
Of course Republicans stole SCOTUS. Of course they steal elections. Republicans are organized crime's public policy arm.
