#GorsuchHearing cannot proceed until we clear up #Trumprussia
Of COURSE, you do!  You're a Party over People and PLANT kinda guy!  #no2gorsuch #Trumprussia #CongressMustRequest
Trump doesn't get 2 select lifetime appointments until he is cleared of colluding w/Russia. #IndependentInvestigation
When the @POTUS is under criminal investigation, they should not be able to make a lifetime appt for #SCOTUS. Let's wait.
unlike the man tbat nominated him. Go count your cash
-pro corporation
-pro corruption 
-anti middle class
-anti worker
-anti women
-anti disabled

Seems right up your alley!!!
I'll be contacting Brown to support him as well
liar
Wrong. Garland should have a hearing. Gorsuch was named by a POTUS under FBI investigation.
Please hold this vote off until they finish investigation into @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU! The majority and an #OhioVoter
I STRONGLY disagree. Why on earth would you vote for a lifetime appointment when @POTUS is under federal investigation?!
Before any app't, first find out if POTUS sold us out to Russians. Priorities! Lifetime appointment from fake Pres? Bad!
no right to appoint him while tainted white house under investigation - Garland deserved your support . No excuse.
No one should be confirmed until Trump's Russian ties are investigated and cleared. You are a traitor to this country.
No appointment in the last year of a Presidency, right?
I think you and I have different definitions of 'fair'
Look at the 2 old white men planning their old white men takeover.  Still waiting on your town hall old white man.
why am I not suprised? Gorsuch supports corps over workers & nominated by Pres under investig. Party over #ohioans  #gorsuch
Look at his record. No!
how much would it cost to get you to vote NO on Gorsuch????  Name the price....
NO
Renders very ironic the mantra of those who say judges should not impose their own feelings on the law, eh?
put it to a damn vote if you get 60 you win. If not then suck it
the other ones you have "strongly supported" have lied to you or under oath. Reconsider Gorsuch for #SCOTUS.
And you bought it! 
He believes schools don't have to accommodate special needs kids. Clearly you agree. This is disgusting.
#NoGorsuch #StolenSCOTUSseat belongs to MERRICK GARLAND.
Agreed.  Gorsuch is impressive - The real deal.
You didn't have the courage to stand up for the also very decent Garland.  Kinda makes your endorsement a bit hollow.
what is fair about a trucker losing his job to avoid freezing to death?
Obama not in last year of term.  Trump under FBI investigation? Sure!  Lifetime appointment for that guy.
Odd your support follows unanimous rejection of Gorsuch IDEA case from 2008 by US Supreme Court. Judgement an issue.
we'll see about that.  If only the senate had done the same.
Now, convince that "other" Ohio senator to do the same.
Maybe some of that sense of fairness will rub off on you then?
#Trumprussia
but since trumps already campaigning for 2020 I guess we should wait til that election happens right? Isn't the the new rule?
You’re such a hypocrite. Merrick Garland for #SCOTUS
.@senrobportman listen to your constituents. The party is not your boss. We are. #NoGorsuch
So he will not impose his views on abortion and same sex marriage, etc in his decisions regarding others rights?
another one that's 
ohio went for Obama twice, but you let GOP take the seat away from Garland
the position belongs to merrick garland. You're a hypocrite and a tool.
you are making a mistake
Bet J. Garland did, too. Gorsuch will be under a cloud by being appt. by POTUS being investigated 4 foreign influence.
You are joined at the hip with Republicans. But guess you agreed the truck driver should have frozen to avoid firing?
Did Merrick Garland understand the job?
wow, you have turned into a huge disappointment
of course you do. Problem is, he will impose his views bc #SCOTUS has become too political. U should represent  all Ohioans
If the Senate can hold a nom for a "lame duck" president, surely one under investigation would warrant the same response
your constituents strongly disagree...oh wait, you don't care about us.
Gorsuch would let a man die on the job rather than move to safety. Gorsuch is in the pocket of buisness
.@senrobportman the problem is he is not fair.
When did you become #rubberstampRob? Ignore constituents & ignore insanity of WH = we don't strongly support you ever again.
By "dont strongly support you" I mean we are pissed and we will all work hard to ensure you're never elected again. #betrayal
You know who was fair and wouldn't impose his views on ppl? Merrick Garland! If you wanna talk about fair... #REALTownHallNOW
Why won't you be fair? Why won't you stop imposing your views on ppl? #dontdelegitimizeSCOTUS #independentinvestigation FIRST
Respectfully disagree. Pres. under FBI investigation should not be able to nominate SC justice. Let's wait for outcome.
YES YES YES YES!!!! Thank you Senator! Time to use the "nuclear option" on Democrats before they officially filibuster him...
He is biased, favors corporations, and is not fit, esp. Appointed by a Pres. Under FBI investigation #StopGorsuch
if you cared about fairness, you'd demand a vote on Garland who 3 million more Americans chose! #StolenSeat
Yes we need a strong protector of the rights of corporate personhood!
His version of fairness allowed corporations to impose their views on employees. #NoGorsuch
I STRONGLY disagree. He'll put corporations before people. And I have my doubts his putting his religous beliefs aside.
was this not true of Garland?
he doesn't deserve a hearing before Garland. He is trying to steal Garland's seat on the court.
I object to Gorsusch and believe nom stolen from Garland. & Gorsusch was nom by an illegitimate Pres under investigation.
Gorsuch understands that his job is to be fair to companies, NOT PEOPLE.
(3) Or acknowledge that @senategop acted to commit malfeasance in office and put safeguards in place to prevent future events
Nope, not going to happen.  He's too slick.
Again, out of touch with Ohio! This man hates women! He thought a trucker should freeze to death waiting 4 help. #NoGorsuch
I wish you strongly supported the constitution as well.
Well the little black knight over his head has other ideas.
you've lost my vote!!! No neil until investigation into Russia is over
(2) Senate should not confirm any SCOTUS nominees. Either enshrine new "no last year of term" nominations...
That seat should be reserved for Merrick Garland. No one should be confirmed until Garland has his hearings.
(1) Until @SenateGOP addresses the shameful obstruction and abdication of it's constitutional responsibilities RE: Garland...
Only if the judge's views match your own. The 60 vote rule was put in place to assure centrist judges, no?
He's an asshole, homie.  He hates women, minorities and MORE!
Anyone appointed by Trump is not worthy of the trust . Under investigation !! That makes Gorsuch guilty by association
And to let down children / and let a man die in the cold ... 
You support stealing. #MerrickGarland
Ef that shite. We don't need a justice that can't admit he made a wrong decision in the trucker case. Vote NO
Allowing one Party to steal a lifetime SCOTUS seat from an electoral majority poisons trust & poses a threat to democracy.
I strongly support Merrick Garland for #SCOTUS.
