I can't believe I just voted for you. Oh i remember Strickland. Guess we had two lousy candidates
You're bi only when it suits you. :)
The opioid money is woefully inadequate, it's not even close. And Medcaid is NOT unsustainable. It's another KOCH concession. VOTE NO
Please vote against the health care bill.
I see your party's health care bill exempts congress from its effects. If it is not a good bill for u it is not good for us. Vote NO.
Please vote no. It's a matter of life or death to some of us.
So you're meeting with the Dems on this?
Please vote no to this healthcare bill!  I work in healthcare & we are going backwards - thousands will die because of it!!!!
This is what you should be doing on healthcare
Obviously not working hard enough
@clairecmc @ChuckShcumer Would be lovely if you would work w/your bipartisan colleagues to intro legis to fix Senate HealthCare abomination.
As with illegal drugs, a border wall will slow this trade as well.  It will provide limiting and blocking hurdles channeling traffickers
Yes to bipartisan.
Senator you must not vote on the health care bill until it is fair for all Americans. I have strong union make it fair across the board.
Fraud.
I pay 1100.oo a month for health care it doubled in 2017 I guess I'm paying for the folks who didn't have health care REDISTRIBUTION
why can't you do the same for health insurance? lives are lives, neither one is less important. Thank you for your efforts to stop this
Single Payer
No. No you won't.
.@SenateDems It would be lovely if you would work w/your bipartisan colleagues to intro legis to fix the Senate HealthCare abomination.
MILLIONS of Americans are counting on YOU to make their lives better, not worse. Need a bipartisan fix, and real solutions.  VOTE NO.
ACA is NOT collapsing. It's a lie. Fund the CSR's/other components. Stabilize the market, and make fixes to ACA.
Please vote no. My life depends on it. Essential services caught heart condition that prior to aca my insurance wouldn't allow testing for
The opioid money is a nice lure, but this bill is still just as bad as the first. Vote no on ANY cuts to medicaid.
Vote no on healthcare..Man up
how about bipartisan effort to fix the #ACA ? Come on, do it for Ohio!
Snap Health cards for all food stamp recipients for health policy only purchases. Keeps gov't at minimum and keeps in open market.
STOP bipartisan BS! #dems_soros_cartel devour USA &U push bipartisan. Disgusting! we voted 4U 2x &R very disappointed in U! @SenateGOP @VP
The bills set forth today will take us back 15 years to when cheap healthcare plans failed us and led to high med bills/bankruptcy. VOTE NO
When our POTUS always comments on women's appearances, he contributes to an atmosphere that says it's okay to buy women like livestock.
The government has never fixed anything other than your reelection
Get in board and bring the healthcare bill to the floor for debate what is wrong with that!
This new bill is even worse than your first try. Vote no! Trump is a disaster and you all can't govern
@senrobportman Get on board with Senate bill. @GOP promised -get it done. If you want to add amendments then do it but don't hide behind MTP
Time to vote yes on this healthcare bill. Dayton is in need of that opioid assistance.
Still a HARD NO on healthcare bill. That opioid bribe isn't worth a thing. Hold out for a bill that actually helps Ohio. #VoteNo

Make no mistake: this is a deliberate strategy. A CBO score of the Cruz amendment would be a disaster. This is unprecedented. https://twitter.com/PeterSullivan4/status/885564864068034562 …
Work with the Dems to fix the #ACA. McConnell's bill is not the answer.
Now to get u to work on healthcare with. Bipartisan colleagues
For contrast, this is from a Senator who actually prioritizes healthcare over tax cuts for wealthy:
The bill would end the Medicaid expansion and replace it with just $45B to address the opioid crisis in the entire country for 10 years. 
Where are you on BCRA? Are you ready to let more Ohioans die from preventable illness? Did you turn your back on those relying on Medicaid?
But wait....now you want a CBO score?  What if there isn't one?  And BTW HHS evaluation is not a valid substitute. #SaveOurCare #NoBCRA
NO NO TO HEALTH BILL. URE SELLING US OUT RE MEDICARE. ULL B OUT OF OFFICE SOON
It would be appreciated if you would apply the same bipartisan approach to healthcare.
I so hoped this referred to health care.
Senator, here's another bill to scrap and work on in a bipartisan way. Vote NO on MTP on healthcare.
#NO
Over a million Ohioans with __employer_plans__ could face limits on coverage.
7: As many as 27 million people in employer plans nationwide could face arbitrary limits on coverage.
https://www.axios.com/who-loses-from-new-benefit-limits-2440451694.html …
Why you gotta talk in riddles
Portman is desperately looking for a way to be a coward and vote yes. Betrayal of all residents of OH.
Portman sounds like someone who got none of the things he made a show of asking for, but was just posing so is now looking for a way to yes. https://twitter.com/LACaldwellDC/status/885552764142714881 …
From the man who administered Medicare/Medicaid/ACA for the Obama administration.   
Vote NO on BCRAP, Portman.
1. The Senate Trumpcare bill amendment was just released & it went from very bad to unworkably bad. First analysis.

https://draftable.com/compare/YQqISKezkQIt …
Oops I thought you meant the throwing people out of their wheelchairs in your office problem. Guess you are ok with that.
Yes, but what about healthcare?  Bipartisan is the way to go!
Do not vote vote for that health care bill. If it passes republicans will lose in 2018. Republicans lied to us conservative Americans!
Terrific! Now what r u doing to erase preexisting conditions &elderly abuse in http://healthcare.How  abt success in ch schools a lie?
Parents don't find out until they have to pay for remedial classes in college to find out that their charter school lied abt kids successes!
Please vote no on Trumpcare. It's harmful to almost all of us -- except the extremely wealthy!
Please get it done! Your democratic counterparts are only interested in obstruction.ACA is unaffordable, therefore,OH is without Healthcare
Mr. Portman stay strong, courageous vote no on Sen Trumpcare bill. Please work with Rep Sen to vote no & stand with 85% ppl & save 20m HC!
Don't you dare vote yes on this horrible Senate healthcare bill!
I hope you are sincere in both your no vote and commitment to truly make hc better AND truly provided to ALL.
That's all great; but don't forget about all of the folks counting on you to vote NO on #TrumpCare
Try also working on a bipartisan fix to the ACA. Do not repeal, fix the issues
Work to help your constituents and not your donors perhaps, hard to believe but you work for us & not them, or your suppose to
Say no to BCRA, your governor thinks it's bad for the state and so should you. Shame on you if you vote for something that will hurt it.
Ha ha I was fooled as to the subject you're tweeting about - of course, you are ignoring the elephant in the room.
How is it "bipartisan" if only one party is attempting to eviscerate health care for millions? Grow a spine and do something moral.
Why in the WORLD would you have your constituents fear you? How is that morally okay with you? Please do what you know is right.
I hope your able 2C that Teds changes make it workable 4 all of U ppl 2 vote & pass the bill!
HEALTH CARE for today. If you vote yes & I get a catastrophic illness in the future, I will send you any/all uncovered medical bills.
I've spoken to MANY ohioans on here and have yet to see/hear one complain about the ACA. PLEASE VOTE NO FOR US! YOU'RE OUR ONLY HOPE!!
You should still be voting NO on this terrible healthcare legislation and work w/ Dem colleagues to fix HC problems.
Thank you!

Please do!
Repeal BOcare
Seriously, didn't think sex trafficking was a partisan issue just abortion, health care, basic essential coverage, & Medicaid expansion
Please work on a bipartisan bill for all Americans....vote NO on this horrible Trumpcare bill!
With all due respect. Healthcare effects way more people. Please please vote against this death bill. Will hurt all Americans but %1. Shame.

Still deep cuts to Medicaid in Senate bill. Will vote no on MTP. Ready to work w/ GOP & Dem colleagues to fix flaws in ACA.

Here's the exact exchange with @senrobportman on motion to proceed. 
So it goes
Hey @robportman - remember this? Entitlement reform was an urgent matter in 2014 but now not so much?
Don't you think Ohioans deserve an answer on where you stand on the healthcare bill more than we need s third #Backpage tweet? #leadership
Thank you. Good cause. What is your position on the BCRA? Will you stand up for all Ohioans, not just Haslem, Gilbert and rich donors?
For a moment I thought you were talking about #BCRA and was optimistic. But hey, you might try the bipartisan approach for healthcare too.
Yep he's totally trying to "cool guy" us. They must think we're all as obtuse as the average trump voter.
Thank you
Terrific news!  Chat with @lisamurkowski about how the problems were addressed in AK.  Can it work for all of us?  #SaveOurCare
How about fixing the treasonous executive branch once and for all!
If I'm not supposed to care if other people have healthcare why exactly should I care if other people are trafficked?
Please make sure the bill protects Medicade and individuals with preexisting conditions!!
Is this true? If so, it might be something you'd want to share since almost EVERYONE here is tremendously concerned.
Portman is a no on motion to proceed on revised Senate health care bill, says he's in the same position as he's been and reviewing language
He may still be holding out to throw millions off of health insurance/let thousands die.
.@senrobportman said he's undecided on motion to proceed. Medicaid cuts are his issue
Great. Please be sure that the resolution to the "problem" is getting healthcare to all Americans "once & for all."
What part of what you're hearing from us makes you think it may be ok to vote for repeal?
Will you?
Before I saw the link I thought you were voting no on the health care bill because it does not help your constituents.
PLEASE be the one vote that we need to reject this bill....PLEASE!!
How will you vote on motion to proceed?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
Remember when you argued in the WSJ of the urgent need for entitlement reform? Those were days when a spine wasn't necessary.
And vote NO on a partisan bill that will strip Ohioans of their healthcare.
Vote No on healthcare 
<--His Party is already working with the Kremlin to steal another election from the American electorate next year.
#GOP
