You have no credibility, just an empty suit who says things that are meaningless. Your vote last night on healthcare will not be forgotten.
Sad that none of the three GOP senators courageous enough to vote against party lines were the republican senator from Ohio.

What do we have law enforcement for?
Your vote against the wishes of your constituents is a disgrace.
Who is your PR person? Bad job posting stuff that has nothing to do with health care. Vote NO tonight.
In your heart you know this repeal bill is not about HC it's Tax cuts  it's and destroying the ACA which had been sabotaged by not funding.
Opioid epidemic is important, so is health insurance. More people have diabetes, cancer, etc. Work 4 all of us! Don't vote against us!
So not only do you want to kill babies, but you also wish to explode the debt? Where will your inhumanity stop?
So here's an idea, Senator, just vote NO instead of even giving this thing a chance to become law!
Portman told @BresPolitico he's a "yes" on getting to conference but does not want skinny bill to become law.

AARP will inform our 38M members how each & every Senator votes on this bill via ads, our print publications, social media & more. #VoteNo
Trying to pretend you care while stripping 1 million Ohio res. of their insur.  Very sick voting for skinny bill instd of helping Ohioans.

You know what else would help the opioid crisis? Access to affordable healthcare. But you're going to take that away from Ohioans.
Yet you vote yes to repeal the ACA. Hypocrite. I am a progressive but I did vote for you. Disappointed.
Call @senrobportman 1-800-205-6446 or 614-469-6774 Provide your first & last name and zip. Use manners let him know your concerns #Trumpcare
VOTE NO TO SKINNY BILL!
If u really care about all this opioid addictions Vote No on that horrible SkinnyDeathBill
You'll never get my vote again. In fact I'll volunteer for your contender next election. You crook
Once again you are a disappointment.   You are a party hack and care nothing for the people of Ohio.#hotair
RESIGN.  You're just as terrible as McCain.  NASTY TRAITOR.
You are no expert
And yet you voted yes last night to deprive millions of healthcare and raise prices.
Thankful today for great senators like @SenJohnMcCain . thanks for not standing up @robportman , see your true colors now
Stop pretending to care. All you want is money.
You have betrayed your constituents with your votes on the healthcare destroying bills. Bye bye.
YOU VOTED AYE ON TRUMPCARE... how did that help Ohio?
Had to vote yes didn't u?  POS
Hey u r quiet tonite...u plan on voting for that disaster.  U will pay Mr P you will pay at the ballot box.
how can you expect anyone to care once you vote to take away health care?  the skinny bill sux and you know it.but still voting yes #saveaca
#VoteNo #FixACA
Please please please do not vote for this bill. Does not accomplish what you say you want. Do not betray your words to your state

.@ChrisMurphyCT explains how the #SkinnyRepeal bill that Senate GOP doesn't want to become law...will become law. A must watch. 
How can you fight so hard for this, but support the Skinny Repeal which takes away support?  You vote against your own interests.
Why do you keep voting against healthcare for those who aren't opiate addicts?
No on the "skinny" repeal!! Madness to proceed without a measured, thought out plan! Please work on fixing the ACA!
Every moderate GOP Sen knows health debate has devolved into madness, & that *best* possible end is a bill that is awful by *their* lights.
Think of your constituents. #VoteNo
We need a few Heroes please be a hero for the country you represent all of us
You need to vote no on the skinnyrepeal it's not a real bill this is not how to legislate taking health insurance away from Millions #VOTENO
If you care about the opioid problem   #VoteNo  Im begging u, my son is battling addiction, I live with MS, my youngest daughter a preemie
You're a sad soul Rob. Your pick.. are you just another GOP extremist? Or an actual human being who cares and deserves respect? Vote NO NOW
Put the suppliers of these drugs in an off shore hole away from the rights we citizens of the US enjoy for there eternity#problem solved
Yet you support the Skinny Bill. No one who needs coverage will get it
Did you ever think ppl abuse opioids bc they are in pain? A Healthcare professional can treat the pain, but you want to repeal the ACA. 
Now, to get those people detoxed and in treatment, need the expanded Medicaid that would be gone if ACA were repealed.  NOtoSKINNYREAPEAL
Why would you even consider voting yes on a healthcare bill that you know is terrible?
yeh great, while you Republicans screw us, the citizens with your silly ass games. Read Alinsky and wake the hell up.
Stop trying to distract us.  Vote no on Skinnycare!
Please vote NO on Skinny Repeal bill! Please, you have no idea how this is going to impact the American people! PLEASE!
Who knew we elected so many spineless punks?

'Skinny repeal' impact on OH, per  @USCBO, @KaiserFamFound by 2026: 561k lose coverage, average premium increases $550
What we need is real market solutions that treat patients not big Pharma that masks a condition yet makes worse down the road
It's also important that we stop the 'Skinny' repeal because it hurts so many people in Ohio.
You should read & learn from history. Trump is ushering in a dark new conservatism
Hey, can y'all stop trying to kill Americans and move on from this travesty of a "healthcare" bill? Can you be grown ups for, like, a week?
Vote no on skinny repeal!  The CBO says this will increase costs and decrease coverage substantially. Protect Ohioans and all Americans!
Vote no on current healthcare measures and work in bipartisan manner to improve, not repeal, the ACA. GOP measures will kill constituents.
Have you considered maybe putting a focus on rehabilitation instead of throwing addicts in jail???  
DISGUSTING that you and Repubs won't repeal Obamacare!!!
Why should we trust one thing you say? You voted to take health care away from millions of people & decimate Medicaid.
and......not gut healthcare and Medicaid but sure yeah
Vote no on the skinny repeal.  Focus on what's about to hurt millions of Americans that you purport to care about
so cool that you were able to tweet this while simultaneously voting to strip thousands of ohioans of their healthcare
That number is actually a bit higher....
Stand up for the rules of the Senate, for democracy! Do not vote to move to conference the healthcare bill! It is NOT ready and you know it.
True, but do not support traitor trump. Stand up for Ohio as our Governor does!
All of these Tweets and FB posts are meaningless if you vote for the senate healthcare plan. Don't act otherwise.
LYIN' @senrobportman & his GOP comrades passed #CARA with $0.00 in funding.... ZIP, ZILCH, NADA!!!

#ConManRob #Hypocrite #AllTalkNoAction
vote for skinny repeal and out your pet projects out of business. If people don't have insurance, they don't seek treatment.
We should be calling the StopAct the StoptheMailAct because that is what it will do. Like healthcare, Rob chooses the worst options.
Fully implement all 181 million authorized dollars!?! Wow! That much spread nationwide will surely solve everything! No healthcare needed!
LYIN' @senrobportman wants to STEAL coverage from 200,000 Ohioans a year receiving substance abuse treatment through Medicaid!!!
420,000 opioid addicts weren't covered under Obamacare. 640,000 won't be covered under trumpcare. Next.
Vote NO on skinny repeal!
Right I'm broken I've lost 2 family members but all Ohioans need insurance for everyone there's all different needs
What a joke! This will be meaningless if you take treatment away from people.
Stop trying to deflect from your disastrous support for #TrumpCare. VOTE NO.
It is important that you & the GOP don't gut health care in this country! This will be your legacy.
