why not invest in #cleanenergyjobs instead of #dirtyjobs you are selling out to #bigoil
Russian steel...34 permanent jobs...killing the environment...something to be proud of. Yes to voting you OUT
Hey, I have an idea.  How about you have a town hall and see what your constituents think about Keystone XL? Temp jobs? Dirty sand oil.
as it says no to clean environments.
no to that first one
That is Canadian oil and resources in the pipeline.
says yes to unsustainable fossil fuels and environmental degradation.
Devastation to our env. due to leaks will last a lot longer than these temp. jobs.
what about the environment you've been prattling on about for the last few days. Not worth it.
So the ends justifies the means? Lots of jobs for people who die from pipelines ruptures? You're willing to sacrifice...
if the oil goes to China, how does it help US energy? If the pipes were made in China, how many #jobs are create
Jobs created are so few they're barely a rounding error and the oil will be sold on the global market.
We should be focusing our future efforts and investments on renewables that have less negative effects on the environment.
translation : Once it is built, the Jon's will go away, but the millions I was paid to push it will stay
and yes to Russian steel, no the environment, no to long term job growth.  I can't wait for you re-election.  #noportman
35 jobs.
How many of the anticipated 39 jobs will Ohio get?
#alternativefacts #Fakenews oil is for CHINA stupid.
Canadian oil, foreign steel, 35 permanent jobs, Lost trucking & RR jobs, Nat Amer.@ env. risk - MAKE AMER. GREAT????
What happened to holding the President accountable for using US steel?
If you only knew
it's a big NO to YOU! Senator Portman. actively campaigning for whoever your 2018 opponent is. #cantwait
.@senrobportman The future of American energy is clean energy. Cheap & stable supply.
says no to nature, no to the environment , things that can't be replaced
Are you kidding me?  All risk, no reward.  US LOSES thanks a lot for nothing. Send it all to China for $
why are you lying to us? Trump has money invested in this pipeline... That's why it's going forward. With Chinese steel!
say no to 35 more jobs & no to destroying the ozone #Saveourearth
35 permanent jobs. Quit telling only part of the story, sirrah. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
False, False, False.  How can a pipeline designed to transport Canadian tar sands be "American Energy??"
OIL is not the future! It will destroy our planet.. my home... your families home! Get on the right side of history !
is an #environmental #terrorist driven by #greed
our Country, our planet, to line the pockets of a few?  Shame on you!
As many as dozens of jobs!
How much of this oil stays in US? How much is gas going to decrease? Zero!
and yes to oil spills! creating jobs has more to do with education, not oil.unfortunately you sold your soul to #Devos 51k
Only in the short term and it does a lot of long term harm.
says yes to 1 yr of temporary jobs & 35 permanent jobs & more pipeline leaks.In 2016,1 leak alone was 176,000 g of crude oil
we dont use tar sand oil. We do export it. There is no American energy here
34 jobs? I'll tell you what...I will start a Green USA Company just to employ those 34 people. . Cool? Cool.
say no to permanent ecological damage for a hand full of jobs that really only makes a few people rich. #rubberstampRob
Did steel for this come from #Russia or USA? How many new permanent jobs? Who benefits - big oil/campaign contributors?
Just say no
and YES to American oil spills. #worthit?
How many long-term jobs?
34 more jobs and a whole lot of Russian steel. It also says "Go Screw" to the people that don't want it in their yards.
Not true. Jobs... try solar and wind jobs.
The analysis says the pipeline will generate only 35 long term jobs.Ruining our environment for this, is not a win. #resist
Say yes to 35 permanent jobs & poisoning American land/people. You're so wrong in so many ways.
35 jobs for canadian energy being sold to china and lining russian steel oligarch's pockets.
We'd rather have sustainable jobs in #renewableenergy . #KeystoneXL gives us more leaks and pollution. Time to move forward!
STOP with the lies!!!!
It is Oil to be imported out!  NOT our OIL!
F'in Rob is a lie piece of 
Which steel companies are making the pipes ?
How many permanent jobs will be created? Only 35?  That doesn't really say yes to more American #jobs, does it?
Fair enough, but to be legit why don't you also say what it says "No" to. If you're going to speak, then speak the full truth
Climate denial is how politicians rake in record campaign donations from polluters:
http://www.ecowatch.com/kochs-dump-trump-to-fund-climate-denying-senators-in-ohio-and-nevada-1896586956.html …
#ProExtinctionGOP
and yes to foreign steel.
just heard Russian steel?
Don't buy trump's hype on this. Do your own homework. That IS part of your job, you know.
.@senrobportman R U kidding right now? have you seen the numbers.  you are, once again, WRONG. quit peddling alt facts
But will it be made of foreign materials like the Dakota pipeline?
says yes to more pollution, yes to more fossil fuels, and yes to more money in his donors' pockets #KeystoneXL
Senator, it's using foreign steel, and will generate about 35 permanent jobs, be an environmental risk and not carry OUR oil!
No mention or even a hint of “clean” anywhere surrounding this.
Built with American steel or nah?
Will u now call for an indep commission for Trump/Russia or will u continue to aid coverup? We won't forget. #Trumprussia

34 jobs.
"Yes" to those 34 jobs, and "fuck you" to everyone else.
