Did you discuss impeachment of djt? PLEASE ACT NOW TO IMPEACH THIS INSANE MAN.
Tfw you're actually networking for your own future career opportunities & hoping no townies notice
it's not a town hall if it's not open to the entire town.
Not a town hall if not open to the public. Liar. Lapdog. Coward.
Not a town hall. This was an employee meeting.
What are you doing to stop trump from using nukes or pardoning people who do not meet criteria, inclu his family/friends?
It's not a town hall if it's not open to the public
What? No tax discussion?
When are you going to have a real town hall with your constituents??  These photo ops don't count!
How about a real town hall? You know, the kind that is open to the public?
I thought town halls were supposed to be open to the public. Wouldn't a meeting at a company be closed?
IT'S NOT A TOWN HALL IF IT'S NOT OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
That's not a town hall
Announce event. Admit all constituents. Allow questions on whatever subject they want. Listen, answer.
THAT, sir, is a "town hall".
A wuss hall maybe. Portman's capacity to hold a true town hall is crippled by either his fear or his loathing of his constituents.
Stop calling meeting w/ employees a town hall. Find a new name. Note the definition below with emphasis on meeting with the PUBLIC.
Are employees who work at a company not members of the public?
Bottom line: a closed event with a specific invited audience is not a town hall. (and you weren't accurate about Indivisible's goal.)
Not a town hall if it is not open to all. You vet your crowds, senator.

I’m running for Senate to stand up for Ohio families and I’ll work hard with Donald Trump to pass a conservative agenda. 
Nice try on the 'town hall' but I am rating that one as #FakeNews
Look at my handsome man going after that so called Mia sen rob Portman 
How about DACA?
No, this does not qualify. It was a controlled meeting. This is not how you listen to us. When are you holding that town hall meeting?
Nice that your are responsive to a business.  They don't speak for the rest of us.

I’m running for Senate to stand up for Ohio families and I’ll work hard with Donald Trump to pass a conservative agenda. 
Do something for Ohio beside tooting your own horn.  You are a terminal disappointment
You've used your earnest looks while delivering lies to exhaustion.
Seriously? YOU've never hidden YOUR presidential ambitions, but not meeting YOUR constituents WILL be remembered and not to YOUR advantage.
U love 2 hear yourself talk don't U?! We're not interested N anything that isn't backing R Pres You louse fr t swamp! Watch Y electoral back
@senrobportman I would like to know how you sleep at night knowing you are helping to kill your constituents?!
You have more than 5 years left in office. Are you going to avoid open town hall meetings with your constituents that entire time?
That's not a #TownHall
Lol.  Lol.
Visiting a business is NOT having a townhall. Do you need a dictionary?
That's not a Town Hall! It's a business all hands mtg. Meet with your constituents for real, not a few select ones in  front of their boss!
When you hand-pick the attendees that's a #faketownhall
That's not a real town hall, Senator. When will you have one that is truly open to all of your constituents?
Ohio deserves better.
Not a Town hall if it isn't open to the residents of the town!
A meeting with employees only, in front of their bosses, is not a "town hall."
How about an open townhall with constituents?
Maybe ask someone on your staff what a "town" is. That was a business  meeting.
That's not a town hall.

How about a real town hall. Open to all who want to see you?
Really! A Town Hall Meeting! Why don't you set up a real Town Hall with your constituents?
This is not a town hall Rob. Stop saying it is. Your record of meaningful engagement with the voters is abysmal.
That's not a town hall.
#FakeTownHall You sound like @SpeakerRyan now! When will you hold a town hall for your constituents?!?!?! #Disgrace #FakeTownHall
That's NOT a town hall Robby!!!!! When is the REAL town hall?!?!?! Still supporting #WhiteSupremacy & a man that brags about sexual assault.
Will you be driving your new D3 tank around "town", Rob?
JSMC is not a town.
Stop lying, since the crowd was controlled, they could only ask about opioids, trafficking, and tax cuts for the rich
Talking to employees is NOT a townhall!
That's not a townhall. Do you lie about everything or just most things?
Oh please. This is not a townhall. This is a company meeting.
Nice grandpa haircut, you boob. Careful your bias is showing.
I can't believe you still don't understand that if you don't invite the town, it isn't a town hall.
Please don't call it a town hall if it's not open to the public.
A Town Hall is open to ALL, not just employees under the eye of their boss! #justice
Lol...nice ...inside a secure perimeter..you have alot to explain
How about a townhall where ALL your constituents can attend, Rob?
THIS.
IS.
NOT.
A.
TOWN.
HALL.

#wearentstupid
That is not a town hall. That is a meeting. A town hall is open to all constituents. It is not by invitation. @CbusIndivisible @mn
that's not a "town hall", that's a campaign event, & you're a joke of a Senator. FACE YOUR CONSTITUENTS
Nope. Not a town hall.
A closed meeting at a workplace is not a #TownHall!!
I do not think "town hall" means what you think it means. Much like "duty" means one thing to your constituents and another to you. #impeach
Please stop with the nonsensical tweets. Get a grip and deal with what is important right now.  Our government is falling apart becz of DT.
Your staff keeps damaging your credibility by calling these sessions town halls.
Did you discuss why you are so afraid of trans citizens serving their country?
Can you spot the snake in this picture?
So we're literally just calling any photo op a "town hall" now?
Ah, Rob, no wonder you've forgotten what a Town Hall Meeting actually is: your last one was so very, very long ago - October of 2014.
This. Is. Not. A. Town. Hall.
#PhonyPortman Have a real town hall!
Rob - what do you say about POTUS pardoning racist Sheriff who terrified Mex-Americans, while avoiding sex crime cases, some inv. children?
Rob Portman only cares about the victims of human trafficking if it involves white women.
It's definitely a worldwide issue, & our state dept doesn't seem to give two craps about building those types of human rights coalitions.
And guess who is a big problem with trafficking? -- RUSSIA!!!!

Of course, Rob won't touch that one w/ a ten foot pole.
That's not a town hall. That's a staff meeting
Portman is straight trolling now...
Not a Town Hall!
It's not a freaking town hall, Rob.
Thank you for visiting!
Constituents without weapons contracts would like him to visit so they can have a word with him. But Portman has not made himself available.
Why don't you hold a real "town hall" with the public, not cherry picked supporters?
Every time Portman tweets about an employee "town hall" I'm like...
That's not a town Hall.
That is not a townhall.  That is a businesshall. When do the rest of us get to talk to you?  More photo-ops, no townhalls.  You really suck!
You met with an army tank plant & call it a town hall!? I had dinner with my kids last night & it was a wonderful neighborhood get together
That is not a townhall!
You had a "town hall" like I had a "one woman sold out show on Broadway" 
Speaking at a business is NOT a town hall
You hold town halls? Really?!  I want one!!!
Ole spineless Rob is too chicken sh*t to hold a real town hall mtg! He's afraid of being yelled at! #spinelessrobportman
Not just being yelled at. Afraid of dissent of any kind even if civil. Doesn't want to look constituents in the eye to justify votes.
How does a citizen at large get an invite/opportunity to attend one of your town halls?.Asking for friends
I had a town hall with my dog this morning. We discussed walks, treats, and more. 
#NotATownHall
Roof
Not a town hall meet without the cats!
Was this town hall closed to the rest of us, your constituents, who are pleading for a chance to talk with you???
Yep...behind a secure perimeter
"Town Hall"
You are redefining the term.
It's sad you will not openly meet with your constituents.
that is not a TOWN HALL!
Rob you seem to be under a misconception of what 'townhall' means.  I thought this dictionary screenshot could help!
What are you doing about their healthcare, having meetings is not enough, you senators are good at have meetings
Why I don't trust you: that's not a town hall meeting, Rob, no matter what you say. If it was, why were none of us invited?
So, are you going to vote to impeached @realDonaldTrump r are we voting you out of a job? Get your shit together Portman!
Reminder: it's not a town hall if the public isn't invited. Hint: You've never held a town hall.
