TOWN HALL TOWN HALL TOWN HALL #wheresrobportman #fromaconstituent
outstanding record indeed...for all the wrong reasons. Just a friendly reminder you are actually elected by people.
what about Merrick Garland
Stop it. Not buying what you are selling.
. What action will you take to investigate Trump and Russia. The Senate can not whitewash this. Bigger than Flynn. Tax Return
How about investigating the Russian connection too?  Seems like you have too much time on your hands
Fuuuuuuccccckkkkkk you Portman. Merrick Garland deserved a vote.
whoa.looks like I'm not the only unhappy constituent. #represent or #resign
Your railroading of Merrick Garland was vile and you do not deserve to have a say in this process.
support Merrick Garland first. Stand up for what is right.
Huh.  So does Merrick Garland.
I really feel it was unfair what happened when Merrick Garland was chosen and didn't even get a hearing.
So over Portman.  Will never vote for him again!
we may be stuck with @senrobportman for a bit longer, but I will put all my time and energy behind a decent person
MAYBE.. BUT you never put Country first... join in bipartisan calling for independent investigation WHY don't you???
if only you'd join others in ANSWERING YOUR DAMN PHONES
You're clearly out of touch with what your constituents want. Hold a town hall and we'll be glad to share our thoughts.
Your legacy will be a forgotten political hack who endorsed Trump and rubber stamped everything he wanted, then lost in 2022
what the hell is wrong with you? Seriously, do you even care what anyone in ohio thinks?You are wrong AGAIN! Get it together
Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garla
so was #MerrickGarland #smh
of course you do; God forbid you stand up for what OHIO wants, you only do what @POTUS wants & what #Money pays you to do!
#CORRUPT
You support someone who ran a fascism club in college?
So you want to tell me why Gorsuch is OK and Garland was not? #IGotQuestions #ThatAintRight
YOU have a terrible record as a senator who listens to his constituents. You are influenced by money. We remove our support.
Judge Neil Gorsuch “lacks the impartiality and independence the American people expect and deserve.” WRONG for America!
are you leading the call to investigate the Flynn issue?  If not why not?
That's absolutely hilarious.
Does he love Russia as much as Trump?  As much as you?
Judge Gorsuch is a good pick. Hope a fewDems agree. Once this is complete Senator, investigate Trump's connection to Russia.
Its almost a year since YOU and YOUR cohorts OBSTRUCTED the Garland nomination? I won't waste my vote on a do nothing Senator
when is your next town hall?
.@senrobportman Fair-minded as long as you're not female or disabled.
#NoVote until Trump and Russian involvement thoroughly investigated.
maybe he can advise you to make contact with your constituents!!  #wheresrobportman
obviously you have spoken to nobody about his record in disability cases. #PartyLine #GOPTool #trumpslapdog #sellout
So what. Nomination needs to be withdrawn until FULL investigation of Trump/Russia ties. Whole administration is tainted.
Noooo! You're doing it all wrong. Something about listening to your constituents...
Did he pay you also? Is that why you're supportung him?
does the name Merrick Garland ring a bell? hope to hear more about your thoughts on the administration at the next town hall!
Shouldn't you be busy looking into an investigation or don't you pay attention to the news. Ties to Russia and POTUS! Wow!!
of course you do. You don't care about your constituents at all.
as always, substitute "Merrick Garland" and it reads the same
I think you need to hold your horses and let's investigate this interaction with Russia before we start talking SCOTUS!
you should start listening to your constituents Robbie...They had no idea that you were a Republican lap dog...they do now!
you are never getting my vote in Ohio again don't care if trumps on ballot for voting against trumps cabinet
.@senrobportman you are selling out. Trump is a joke. And everything he does is crap leading to fascism.  Face it.
Will he stand for the #Constitution and our #Sovereignty? Not some weird interpretation of it? Will he #Impeach45 ?
PLEASE "join others in offering support" for investigation of Trump administration's communication w/Russia #OhioanAbroad
it is now impossible to trust your judgement. You supported the incompetent DeVos.
What did he have to say about Roe v Wade and Citizens united?
Obama won the majority of all votes cast in 2012, @senrobportman Trump did not even win more votes than his opponent. You fail to serve.
Wasn't the same true of Merrick Garland? Why is there a vacancy at all now?
Repubs who voted for @senrobportman and are disappointed need to make it known they will not vote for him again.
You know who else has an outstanding record as a fair-minded, independent, and universally respected judge?  Merrick Garland.
after Garland I wouldn't expect an easy confirmation.
so nice of you to extend the same courtesy to Merrick Garland. O wait....... #TownHall
.@senrobportman Are you even remotely interested in speaking to the people you supposedly represent? to the staffer reading this: TOWNHALL
- 4 weeks of Trump chaos & lies. When will you and your colleagues investigate him? You are responsible for the damage caused
So you're ok supporting Mr Trump's nominee as he is attacking the independent judiciary?  When will you stand up for Ohio?
Does he have a connection to Russia? Better check that out before you vote to confirm.
TOWN HALL!!
.@senrobportman Will #Socalledjudge stand up to #POTUS? Fairminded for #Corporations! Explain #MerrickGarland #DoYourJob
NOPE--He's TRUMP's judge and Trump is a traitor. #Gorsuch is a collaborator. We will NOT legitimize a traitorous regime.
#StopGorsuch  we don't support this choice
.@senrobportman Yeah, whatever you do, don't worry about the WH burning down right now. #presidentbannon #comradetrump #itsallgood
I'm a citizen of Ohio. You represent me. I do not support this man. Neither should you. #imyourboss
no new Supreme Court Justice until we have a president elected by both electoral college and popular vote.
NOT universally respected here. He is a radical and consistently sides with big corporations. Did he pay you to say that?
when the hell do I get to vote you out?
You are kidding right?
Merrick Garland
Scalia's seat SHOULD have been filled by Garland.  Failing that? Hilary's pick #riggedelection #RussianInterference
Gorsuch nominated by someone who was/is colluding with Russia we should hold off on his confirmation hearings till 45 gone
STOP tweeting and do something about RUSSIA.  #spineless #coward #TRAITOR
you are going to need to do more than offer support. This will be war....
Shouldn't you wait for the Senate hearings to make up your mind- oh that's right- you got your orders from DJT/Putin
Doing otherwise would have required independent thought.
hahahahahaha! Really? Someone nominated by a Russian-backed usurper? Surely you jest!
how much did that "support" add to your bank account?
You just keep giving your tacit support of Trump and see what that gets you next election.
Let's be honest even if he didn't have those qualities you would still support him....
and you're well on your way to #failOhio again
support him all you want after #MerrickGarland gets a chance.
Funny, we elected YOU to work for US!  You don't listen, and we are watching. Quit following along the GOP corrupt highway.
Did you not think Judge Garland was "fair-minded, independent, & universally-respected" also?
but you voted for devos and munchkin and sessions.    Hard to tell
Do the right thing - vote Merrick Garland. Oh wait, forgot who I was speaking to......
you are not supporting your constituents that's your job. Don't get too comfy in this seat
You spelled Merrick Garland wrong.
You don't need to be a judge to know that stealing a lifetime appointment to SCOTUS to be filled by a lying fascist is wrong.
You have more important things to do. #russiagate
ofcourse you do...such a disappointment.
No new justice until the Russian spy is out of the Oval Office.
Rob....rob. Buddy. Come on. Stop with the bullshit and give us a townhall!
Ah, so you don't see women as being equal to men. Really good to know!
Your silence on the Republican Administration being compromised by the Russians is deafening!!!
Is Gorsuch also a puppet?
portman sure is.
coincidentally Merrick Garland is also all of those things. Maybe take a shot at confirming his rightful appointment first
what are you going to do about trumps potential ties to Russia? Be an American ahead of your party
Would be nice to see decorum return "at least" the Senate rather than based on who proposes or appoints. It's been too long.
He is not universally respected. He is seen as a racist and a bigot by many.
Oh yes, fair-minded...except, of course, when it comes to WOMEN.
#Gorsuch also hates the lqbtq community! And ickly disabled children!!
can merrick garland get a vote
You promised to vote on the nominee chosen by the American people. 3 million more people chose Merrick Garland. Do your job!!
.@knigdan @senrobportman YEP.
and you support every outrageous act taken by the Pres over the last 3 weeks incl insecure mtgs at Maralago and Russia ties
Everything else is a distraction. Russia hack answers now.
More important issues to be discussing right now! We want answers about Russian ties to 45s campaign! NSA issues too!
You don't find the originalist view problematic? It's definitely NOT 1787 anymore.
.@senrobportman Image that. You support a GOP nominee. Too bad Garland never got a shot. Party > People.
If you live in OH please sign. http://petitions.moveon.org/sign/senator-portman-host-2?akid=178092.35473050.IGct2P&rd=1&source=mo&t=1 …
@HappyChichester @senrobportman @MoveOn Done!
You stole the seat
Save it for a seat that wasn't stolen. You and your party have no integrity!
was this why you turned a blind eye to the collusion with Russia?  This was why you sold the soul of our Country? UNAmerican
Not really. I'm sure he'll be anti civil rights and pro corporate.  Why do you think Trump wants him?
How much did he charge?  More or less than Devos?
by fair-minded do you mean radically conservative?
Merrick Garland.
