you gave fodder to Democrats, shame on you. Republicans have power so take control of the narrative
I didn't see what you said. I can only assume that you supported Sessions recusal. Great! Now support his resignation.
such bravery! I always bs my way through confirmation hearings, too. No big deal/repercussions. Party first!
... at ANY time. I'm SICK of this political theater crap. You Rhinos are barking up the wrong damn tree. You best stick together, Sir.
Why do you betray your party and Sessions? He's a good and honest man.  You betray the people.
it's called putting country before party when you know something is wrong...no betrayal at all
There is nothing wrong.
so how do you know this?  Fox News?  If nothing is wrong let the investigation proceed..never tired of investigating HRC
As your constituent, I want you to join @SenSherrodBrown in calling for Sessions to resign. 45069
Agree 45701
Agree 43016
voters won't forget you put party money/loyalty over citizens of Ohio and voted for this unfit for office AG  #AGresign
blah blah blah. He should resign or be jailed for lying under oath!
If you give in to these Lib Tards, You're really going to piss me off.
Well I'm glad you said *something*, but he really needs to resign. He lied under oath.
Don't think he's listening Jeff. 
Haha I know :) But it feels good to say.
WELL DONE SENATOR!  The people over party
OUR NATIONAL SECURITY is at stake. Sessions must resign & an independent commission must investigate #Russia
Sessions should resign!
any1 idiotic enough2 doubt @jeffsessions is suspect of being an agent of the Communist Chinese and the Saudis
Read the story. Did not see you quoted. Why cave to the lying left?
this traiter, the lady who is going to wreck public ed, and the pollution freak. Really batting 100 kid
otherwise, every Rhino will have coming to them what they deserve. I'll let you figure that one out.
RESIGN not RECUSE!!
Wrong R word, Senator Portman. The word you need is RESIGN. #sessions
At least he's finally doing something! There's a glimmer of hope that he's more than a Party Man.
Take it @bobbehsmash loved Zell Miller for not being a party man & endorsing  Bush @KDuBayGillis @senrobportman http://www.weeklystandard.com/zell-miller-endorses-bush/article/4550 …
This is all getting tiresome, sir. Please demand an independent investigation.
recuse is not enough. Resign.  Don't be on the wrong side of history, Rob
you must call for Sessions resignation. Anything else is collusion with treasonous people.
Did you have to run your statement by your patron, Betsy DeVos, first? #senatorforsale
We the People are NOT stupid. Sessions did NOT lie under oath. The question asked him was about the "campaign." NOT if he had met Russians
Not good enough! #Sessions MUST RESIGN then a full bipartisan investigation into 45 and all his connections to #Russia
Nothing like being on the correct side 72 hours too late.
he needs to resign immediately
WHY aren't YOU helping fellow Republican AG Jeff Sessions?
he lied.  He was pressed to answer and he lied. So you support or justify lying?  45701
It's always party before country with you. We won't forget any of this, including your support of DeVos
You know Trump collaborated with the Russians but don't want to see the evidence because it hurts you politically. Treason!
What would your reaction be if it had been revealed that Elizabeth Warren had contact w/Russians? Hypocrite.
Flynn lied, forced to resign. Sessions lied, you support him. Trump lies, you support him. Shows the kind of person you are
it's about time Portman that you serve your constituents keep up the fight. Make sessions resign!!!
Nice lack of courage in standing strong with AG Sessions.
Resignation NOT recusal for @jeffsessions.
PERJURY n. the offense of willfully telling an untruth in a court after having taken an oath or affirmation.
As a constituent, I ask that you support his resignation rather than mere recusal.
confirmed a known racist, told Senator Warren to sit down. Now you say recuse?  #ResignSessions #perjury
whether perjury or bad memory Sessions must go. No trust No law
Sessions must resign. He is guilty of perjury.
Wow...who could have predicted that Sessions would be problem? Answer: Senator Warren.
You lost my vote today. Covering for dems and msm. You know this is a witch hunt against Sessions. Political  grandstanding. NO HONOR!
Thank You for having some ethics!
This may not be enough.
As my senator I wish you would get a backbone.  There has been zero evidence yet and you come from a red state!
Thank you. This is good but Sessions never should have been confirmed in the first place.
resign no other words 45040
Thank you Sen. Portman for speaking up and out on this topic. We need more accountability.
Sessions needs to resign! No exception
do your job stop playing party politics demand his resignation Russia should not run our WH do your job
you voted to approve Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III. What will his resignation say about your judgement?
U need 2 do the right thing & demand Sessions resign. He cannot perform the duties of his office w/o integrity.
How on earth can he be the head of the US Department of Justice? He perjured himself! He must resign!! 44236
.@senrobportman Thats nice, but unless you find a way to undo your confirmation of Betsy Devos Im just counting days till you're gone.
Thanks Rob. Great start. I hope you will be on the right side of history. Keep it up! Ask for resign.
@Gingrich_of_PA You're a cuck #Rev18 c/o Dixie Nation and WickMediaProductions #War
Thanks.  Now work on assuring we invest more in climate protection than Lebron James makes in a year to play basketball
.@senrobportman Appreciate any influence you may have had on #Sessions' recusal. Hope you soon agree he should resign.
Thank you but resignation should not be taken off the table. Rats like the big cheese. Push for justice.
resignation of his position would be more appropriate
C-Span's video of confirmation hearings are online & free. In the context of Trump campaign Sessions did not meet #Russia
Good first step @senrobportman but he really needs to resign. And we need an independent investigation! #sessionsresign
thank you @senrobportman for putting country before party.  Keep doing what is for the good of our country~
So glad to see you call for accountability of misdeeds. I hope this is only the start of principled, not partisan, decisions.
her perjured himself under oath! He must resign. Rob @GOP sure loves lying. Rob should we be teaching #children lying is ok
#FireSessions
He lied to you before you voted for him. He's lying to America now. Is recusal enough, Senator?
You voted for Betsy Devos - no one cares what you say. 44870
step up your response. If any dem had perjured themselves in a confirmation hearing you'd call for resig
he must resign immediately
made a decent statement - AT LEAST recuse, but lying under oath calls for resignation!
But you voted for him. YOU. VOTED. FOR. HIM.
Thank you!  He should recuse himself, at a minimum.
really that is a slap on the wrist he either lied, withheld, misled or forget, there all the same  he should be replaced
thank you for your statement.
portman should recuse himself from mooching on the tax payers.
you don’t think lying under oath is grounds for dismissal? he is the attorney general.. it’s disgraceful.
Thank you!  I'd also encourage your support for an independent prosecutor being assigned.
did Obama get to you?
Thank you Senator! Will you also call for and support an independent investigation? A 911 style commission is required.
this is a good start Senator. Push for his resignation next!
Thank you, Senator, but it's not enough. Sessions must resign and an independent investigation must take place #FireSessions
Not recuse - resign!   His racist past, voter interference and now perjury. Long past time to go.
He lied under oath, he should resign. 43209
You spelled "resign" wrong.
He needs to RESIGN. And you need to demand full investigation w/ special prosecutor on #Russia.
He should resign.
I believe you meant to say, "Resign". Lying under oath almost caused a successful impeachment of a President. #Sessions 43123
He should be arrested and tried for perjury and fired from the DOJ!
Sessions needs to resign. He perjured himself.
these liberal witches are not the ones you should worry about ! RINOs gotta go !
Proud of your stance. It is the ethical choice.  @senrobportman @DispatchAlerts @GOP @TheDemocrats #Indivisible
I voted for you, but I am very frustrated with how quickly republicans feed the insanity. You are letting them play politics
When are you Republicans going to wise up to the Dems tricks?! Witch Hunt Rhinos Gutless Wonder
I am one of your constituents and I think he should resign as AG. We can't trust him to be truthful.
thank you. You are listening.
Bravo, Senator.
NO need to recuse....JUST resign and save us the $  of an investigation and the egg on @realDonaldTrump face
He LIED. At the very minimum- he should recuse himself. How bout resigning?! Never should've been confirmed.
Thank you for your stance on this issue.
If there is a probe. Dems just want to waste taxpayer money and delay Trump's plans
If we had a real POTUS he would be fired. Regrettably, we only have one who plays one for tv.
He should resign, he lied under oath Bob. Not cool. This entire administration needs investigated
It's a start!  Now get this investigation rolling!
In all due respect @senrobportman your response to #Sessions perjury is pathetically weak
NO!!! it's time people do what is RIGHT...country OVER party
Shame on you! Ignoring all the others Hillary, Obama and all their criminal deeds You should resign!
thank u for this step.  I am hopeful u ask for resignation.  after all my party did to @HillaryClinton we can not do same.
I am one of your constituents and we both know that Sessions should resign! #Taxes #Russia
Thank you for having the integrity to do what is right. I'll take recuse as a first step towards resign.
you need to go the next step resign
Thank you, good first step. If he was a Dem you'd call for resignation though. Senator Brown got it right
great start with recuse, but what really needs to happen is *resign*
- He should Resign! Jefferson Beauregard Liar!!
I think the dems are witch hunting at this point !!
swing and a miss.  As usual you take what your voters want, and do a little less.  Call for him to #resign
No, Sessions must resign. He committed perjury. Watch Sessions pre-AG interviews. Hold Sessions accountable
appreciate this, BUT, could u provide your definition of perjury? Clearly the def differs from common man law #SessionsLied
And so is the entire regime #How deep does it go?
Thank you, although I think he should be called upon to resign.
Russian probe is BS. I didn't vote for you so you could waste taxpayer $$. Do your job,  leave Sessions alone
You voted to confirm #Sessions over your constituents' objections Maybe you should both #resist #2little2late
Get serious and lead. Sessions should resign!
If you think he should recuse because he was speaking to Russians, why not resign since he lied to Congress about it?
this is getting scary. GOP needs to stop protecting their party and start protecting their Country
I think the word you are looking for is Resign. #Sessions
good.
He needs to resign for lying to congress.
good for you Senator!  However, lying under oath is a crime and he should resign.
Be the man you are supposed to be! Represent your people or we send in a replacement!
I suppose if you hadnt ignored us so completely on devos we might be willing to give you the benefit of the doubt on sessions
For the love of God, man, the longest arm of the law lied under oath! Do you hear yourself?
.@senrobportman Your OFA chorus arrives on time. Meanwhile, Republicans like me are very disappointed. You abandon an innocent man. SHAME.
He needs to resign. Now. Lying under oath will get folks fired -- the A.G. is not an exception to this!
Sessions must resign.  You must stand up for investigation into admins ties to Russia.  USA before GOP
he should resign and the adminstration should be independently investigated. Anything less is not doing your job.
Flynn resigned, Sessions must go as well. Can't have a AG who lies under oath
Thank you senator! Now time for independent investigation. Also to call for Sessions' resignation over obvious perjury!
If the US AG doesn't tell the truth UNDER OATH , how on earth can he not be fired?!
You know Sessions.  Did he ever give two hoots about Russia b4 he became a TRump surrogate? Talking to Kislyak?  Not his idea
. Have some guts  & demand that AG Sessions resign and require investigation of Putin-Trump-Axis be by SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
he is one of the few Republicans who has shown any guts at all...as an Ohioan I see this as an important 1st step
HE MUST RESIGN NOW! AS WELL AS TRUMP, PENCE & EVERY OTHER TRAITOR TO OUR UNITED STATES!
Not enough. Americans need an independent bipartisan investigation. Shed light on this. Republicans could be next.
Shdn't you want to know WHY he perjured himself?  If he has a good explanation he can stay. If not, he has to go. Agree?
Maybe you should have listened to @SenWarren when she tried to read Coretta Scott King’s letter. You let us down. 45069
oh yes he did
#SessionsResignNOW for lying under oath. We need an call an independent special prosecutor. Be a  leader. #SessionsRussia
He should resign and this matter should he investigated and charges made as appropriate. I am sick of WH lies
Recusal is the minimum. Resignation preferable Independent Trump/Russia investigation NOW, with same zeal as bengazhi invest.
please demand an independent investigation into this administration's ties to Russia.
I'm pretty sure you spelled "resign" wrong. #FireSessions
finally!
Even the appearance of impropriety requires him to, at a  minimum recuse himself, yet better, resign. #recuseorresign #Russia
he didn't do anything he should stay right where he is you Republicans have to fight these damn Democrats
no recusal now!!  He must resign!!
Thank you.
something you and I agree on. At a minimum he should recuse himself.
how about demand it as a start to the investigation into trump's ties to Russia
he lied under oath, recusing himself is not enough. Resignation is the only option. #Sessions
And jail time! You know one of those private ones!
he perjured himself; he should resign
and Jail
Sessions should recuse at a minimum.  Thank you for saying so.
too little too late. Resign or be removed #Sessions ! #SessionsLied #SessionsResignNOW
Good
thanks for doing the first step...but don't you think he should resign for lying under oath?
Indeed he does! How about seeking the truth now! #GOP #Lies
sorry he needs to resign he lied under oath
