@wooltonparish The ACA was a FIRST STEP!  GOP could have worked to improve it but all they did was obstruct.
I know single-payer can't happen due to $$ of insurance establisment/GOP,so in 2009 I favored public option
you have had six years to fix it, but instead you petulantly voted to repeal with no replacement in sight!
Trump care isn't the answer
we are small biz. Universal healthcare for all and we can prosper.
ACA does work-can be improved. GOP has done everything possible to sabotage like removing risk corridors! refusing Medicaid
So disappointed!  Make insurance companies play fair.  AHCA is a disaster, ACA is working.
To be fair, Rob Portman has sold out all Ohioans for campaign cash and pay to play, why would this be different?
then fix the #ACA and ditch whatever evil plan @SpeakerRyan got going on. #persist #resist #TheResistance
If u box out pre-existing and low income, it's barbaric. Re-think your position. Jesus and your voters will thank u
ACA is better than what has been proposed so far by the GOP
we need a universal health care plan. Fix the ACA.
then fix it!!!!! He AHCA is not the answer. Throwing people off of healthcare to give money back to the rich is not it.
If u wanted to help the ppl of OH u wouldn't give $$ back to the 1% while taking insurance away from those who need it most.
Sounds like #propaganda. Why is this suddenly a thing?
This targets elderly, poor, and sick.  http://www.dispatch.com/news/20170313/ohio-could-lose-26-billion-under-trumpcare …
@Ldyforce6 @senrobportman In other words those who couldn't pay much for Trump's campaign
what is your reply to this statistic?  This is simply insane. Half ones gross income for health ins. http://money.cnn.com/2017/03/13/news/economy/cbo-premiums-republican-health-care-plan/ …
your not working!
If people lose their health insurance, then you have no one working jobs
if the Republican plan passes it will be a disaster for Ohio
It's not perfect but far better than the sham your party is pushing. Back to the party line you go. Sad
so work with Democrats to fix it!. Don't throw it away. It's working great for lots of us!
ACA is working in Ohio, if you had town halls you would hear it from the people, you wouldn't listen. #2022
not perfect, sure. But your Republican plan hurts more than helps.
you're wrong. But what's new?
thanks to subsidy, my premium is less than $90 a month with low deductible. ACA works. Couldn't afford to buy without subsidy
I own a small business BECAUSE the #ACA prevented huge medical debt. I got well & opened a business with my savings instead, @senrobportman
The ACA is not in a death spiral & you know. http://Pls.work  to to fix it.No tax cuts for the super-rich.
Have you thought about raising the Minimum Wage then we could buy Health Care Oh forgot the rich wouldn't get richer
LIES. FIx what's wrong with ACA. It's NOT Obamacare. Fear mongering ass
Maybe if the GOP worked to strengthen instead of sabotage the ACA would work as intended.
single payer is the answer. Public option, at minimum. Unregulated insurance mkts before ACA did not work either
Let's have a town hall and discuss it. Too big of an issue to just tweet about.
I am a healthcare professional and I am worried about my job.  GOP plan will close hospitals.
Yes, it is.  Health costs have been going up for the last 20 years because insurance companies want more obscene profits.
we must understand some medical phystlities are IN business to make a PROFIT in America. It's not about caring and giving.
stop lying, Ohioans know better.
NO .   MODIFY the ACA......control the insurance companies .
Is it any wonder it's going up, look at the salaries of health care companies, the administers of hospitals and the uninsured
- this 'replacement' hurts small businesses MUCH more than Obamacare EVER did!!!
- much more suffering to come with GOP agenda
do you read your fellow Ohioans here? Your comment Is BS. The ACÁ works.
Small business will suffer more when entrepreneurs can't get affordable insurance and need to get a day job.
I find that interesting cause Obamacare helped me out tremendously and I've found it to be cheap and affordable
If you vote for the proposed plan, everything  you post about concerns of Ohio's opiate addiction problems were crap
...Repeat of false facts.  Portman think for yourself and stop the rederic. The Rep Trumpcare proposal is 100x worse
You might want to watch town hall with @PeteSessions and see how his constituents in TX felt.  #Ohio #Obamacare
Single payer healthcare is working everywhere else. The open market does not work for medicine.
well then quit whining about a soon to be repealed law, from a president who is no longer in office, and fix the problem!
Prop up party at expense of ur constituents. I realize it needs some tweaking but what abt Medicaid? #SinglePayer
As an MD all data I have seen indicate the rate of rise in US healthcare costs slowed with #ACA. Are there other data?
STOP INSURANCE CEOS FROM GIVING THEMSELVES $$BILLION DOLLAR RAISES and we can talk about costs...
Two words. Single payer. Take the burden off all businesses and provide equal healthcare for all
well then fix health care, don't delete health care!
so FIX it! No repeal no replace!!! Or are you unable to FIX problem areas? If not, you should not be representing us!
#ACA is working. Health insurers are raising their own prices. #smallbiz is made possible when entrepreneurs have coverage.
Not my experience in my business. Get small businesses out of the health care business completely.  Single payer solves all.
want to grow entrepreneurs & grow small business? Remove the highest rising cost. Extend Medicaid to every American
.@senrobportman make no mistake the ACHA is not the answer for the US or for Ohio.
disagree with ur hyperbole. Needs tweaking not repealing completely.
Et'u Brute'? How r u being bought? Ohio will not support YOU!
ACA is not causing health cost increases #RX #MedMal #EROveruse is #saveMedicaid #ProtectOlderAmericans @oh3voters @ohdems
BS
please just stop.  Private insurance is what is not working  ACA made it a bit better.  #PortmanTrumpRecall makes it worse
bull and more bull...trump care WILL kill people and you know it. get out ahead of the pack with some real fixes of medical
its out of control because the GOP wants it to be.  Fix the issues and support your constituents.  Be on the side of right
ACA works better than what the suggested replacement will.  Have town halls, hear what your constituents want. Work for us.
I like my insurance.
ACA is working about as well as you'll allow it.
Not Accurate
Don't repeal, improve!
so, lowering tax credits for low income families is the solution? #townhall
You are dead wrong. Shame on the GOP for trying to convince Americans that it is bad just because Obama got it done.
please be quiet you're embarrassing yourself.
Do some research. You're supposed to be working with data, not what you hear on Fox "News"
So fix what's NOT working and keep what is!  Repair not repeal and replace!
NO! You're not working!  You had several years to amend and fix it but you refused. Shame on you
And taking insurance away from literally millions of Americans is going to fix that?
#ACA works for the 20 million that got insured. #AHCA is not the fix. Especially for the vulnerable populations.
FIX IT!!! The price tag for this debacle your party is pushing is going to harm Ohio!! We're watching Rob!!!
Then work together and fix it. Leaving millions uninsured is not the answer.
and you and your colleagues did fuck all about it for 7 years. Now you have a plan only Lucifer would be proud of. Congrats.
I understand healthcare costs skyrocketing...but how is it, that 90% of healthcare companies are making huge profits?
... GOP has had all these years to formulate a plan, and you still don't have a viable alternative. You're a joke.
we want #UniversalHealthCare not tax breaks for the insurance companies and the wealthy! No more! #TownHall  45843
YOU ARE NOT WORKING! Do your job and stop this madness!! Ohio wants to talk to you #TownHall #IndependentInvestigation 45843
Speaking of NOT WORKING, any Town Halls scheduled any time soon around Ohio?
Anthem reps lied to me when ACA launched and it cost me $1200. If ACA is broken why would they lie?
ACA created competition, true capitalism instead of monopolies
. REPEAL, REPEAL, PERIOD.
ACA IS working. What won't work is 24 million without insurance. Do the your job. Do the right thing.
ACA has slowed down the rise of premiums. Tell the truth-GOP plan is a tax break for the wealthy and death sentence for poor
Lies, lies and lies
why don't you ask the insurance companies why the premiums keep going up?
costs go up while Insurance company CEO's salaries increase...I'm no economist, but I think there's a correlation there
Sorry Mr Portman, thumpcare is much, much worse! Will YOU be signing up for thumpcare?
you have to take responsibility for congress stalling on every effort to modify and improve the ACA. Repair don't replace
The current Republican plan would put even more people at risk of not having insurance. Please reconsider.
So what's YOUR plan? You've had 7 years...It's pretty easy to say someone's idea is no good-much harder to come up with one!
Please have a BETTER option (not Tryan Care) before you repeal.
It's working for some, not working for others. Only thing that will work for all is SINGLE PAYER
#RepealAndReplace
One way to keep health cost down is to QUIT importing in "refugees" & allowing illegals FREE health care, cause it ain't free
. Work 7 days/week caring for the sick yet couldn't afford....2 cuts in pay, NOT WORKING,  NOT AFFORDABLE!!
exactly this!!
Quality healthcare for women, Americans with low income, the elderly, those with mental illness or addiction? For shame @GOP!
you're not working for us we do not want food taken away from the cold and the children and the poor
my costs go up dramatically w AHCA. You cost us Lake Erie; will you cost us health care too?
you are so out of touch
So fix it.   Don't replace it with a system w 700000 Ohioans off insurance.  Access w/o ins is not care.
tell that to the millions who will lose coverage under the GOP's sham of a plan
"#AARP recognizes magnitude of the upcoming vote on this harmful legislation that creates #AgeTax..." http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aarp-to-alert-38-million-members-how-their-members-of-congress-vote-on-health-bill-300425482.html … @senrobportman
the ACA is working. You'll be failing your constituents if you repeal it.
Insurance went up faster before #ACA than after. Rate of increase is slowing. #ACA helped millions #AHCA will hurt #24million
listen to your constituents. The ACA needs fixed...not replaced.
Many aspects are working.  Build on those.
I agree. Let's go single payer. Like every other civilized nation.
sir Trump is destroying our country, our status in the world. DO SOMETHING
Does the ACA set the prices or do the insurance companies?
AHCA not the answer. Incentives for small biz to insure not corporate tax cuts.
please stand up AGAINST any measure that forces uninsured to use emergency rooms as primary care! Expensive and ineffective
Maybe if human beings looked like $ the GOP would work for them. Lazy, thieving, corporate dogs #lLockEmUp #gopLiesWeDie
Research says otherwise sir.
Trumpcare is not the answer.
the ACA kept my family's cancer care costs down due to no lifetime or annual limits and annual out of pocket maximums. #truth
please release your own insurance until you provide it for all Americans.
you are wrong.   It is working.  I know a 54-year old woman who is happy with it.  My 27-year old son is thrilled with it
so u like alternative facts too?  Cost increases were going up at a faster rate before #ACA. Fix #ACA, don't repeal.
Healthcare costs always go up. They're going up less now than before the ACA. #savetheACA #letstalk at a #REALTownHallNOW
Not according to the congressional budget office. new plan would destroy the country. Grow some balls and stand for Ohioans
Simply repealing the ACA & being devoid of regulation means insurance companies to achieve profits over the health care of most Americans,
my small biz, which is me, will not be able to afford health care under the ACHA. ACHA is a GOP tax break for rich.
So the "Ryan" plan gives tax cuts to the rich and basically screws older folks and kids??  Great work.  NOT
Future headline:REPUBLICAN PLANS NOT WORKING.Massive pollution,schools failing,allies alienated. You are supporting this.
@All100Senators @YouTube LIAR! #THERESISTANCE I LOVE MY OBAMA CARE(s)
if you vote for this current Republican HC bill you will be betraying the people of OH: FIX the ACA
.@senrobportman after 7 years the plan republicans introduced was actually worse for Ohioans but you'll still vote for it. #rubberstampRob
we need to pull Ohio out of being a welfare state. Too much welfare and not enough jobs
Do you realize, senator, #ACA/#Obamacare enabled me to purchase affordable health insurance for the first time in a decade?
meanwhile, it impoverished others...
Let's get Trumpcare passed so more folks die and we lower our overhead. What social contract?!
and the Trumpcare solution is to give insurance companies more profits?
you're not working for Ohioans. You're nothing more than a Trump minion. We deserve better
Trumpism steals SCOTUS seat, colludes against govt, undermines Constitution, foresakes its own, lies.
the fact that the first word to that is obamas, leads me to believe it's BS
