Please do not endorse Betsy Devos for Education. I need an education system to still be around for my grandkids.
We also need quality public education - PLEASE VOTE NO ON BETSY DEVOS
so, you are saying give more credits to business, yet they don't develop more work. Screw low income. Got it.
We need strong public schools. So educated people can fill your #jobs No to DeVos
As a rural Ohio educator, VOTE NO ON DEVOS! Do the right thing, Senator. We are watching. #VoteNo #DumpDevos
think of what $5.3 million in fines from DeVos will do for Ohio. Show us you can implement & collect #noDevos
You’re right! We need to raise taxes on the wealthiest, raise minimum wage—all the things which have been proven to work.
6+ yrs in Senate & what, exactly, have you done to modify taxes for the benefit of any taxpayers or companies?
you know what makes more job?  Strong education!  #noDevos
Devos bought your vote with a $51,000 campaign contribution...Shame on You!
Vote NO on DeVos!!!!!!
Without compromising environment.
Please do the right thing for our students and say NO to DeVos!! We're counting on you!
If government feels student loan interest rates are equitable, why is the interest deduction limited ?
Vote no on Betsy. She bought and paid for that nomination!
And that also considers long term environmental effects and does not negatively affect the middle class.
for #Ohio kids vote NO on Devos. Do it for Ohio. We need you to be a champion for us.
We need you to know that your #Jobs are to Respond to us the real people!Now *"VOTE NO DeVos"*give us a HEADS UP!
So ashamed of you for supporting DeVos rather than public education.
We need our leaders to release their taxes and be vetted @senrobportman @Enquirer
we need good schools for our children. Please vote no on #DeVos
Stop carping & get behind President Trump, no excuses.
I bet tax reform could bolster public education.  I'm sure that's your goal!  Say No to DeVos!  #NODEVOS
Stand up for what the*"Majority Of Ohio"*wants you to do*"VOTE NO On DeVos"* #NoChildLeftBehind Have a backbone!
we need a secretary of education who isn't @BetsyDeVos please vote no.
We need you to do what's right for education in the buckeye state... No vote Devos, this appointee is simply not qualified
We need you to vote no on Devos.  Come on Rob.
Vote no on DeVos. That's what we need.
Yeah, but first, we need to #blockdevos
because it has worked so well inKansas?
The 5.3 million DeVos owes Ohio sure would help. Vote NO on DeVos! Ohio taxpayers are watching.
Oppose deVoss! Oppose Bannon!
we need a tax plan that benefits the middle class versus the upper class
trickle down tax cuts didn't work for Bush and it won't work for trump.
Senator, right now you have a bigger problem with Trump/Bannon PLEASE VOTE NO ON DEVOS IF ;YOU VALUE EDUCATION.
Yes on jobs! No on DeVos because she's unqualified! No on Mnuchin because he's lied right to your face!
watch for Trump sleight of hand Iran on notice to draw attention away from http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38821078 …
please oppose DeVos! Your public school voters, Republican voters, are begging you!  There are better conservative nominees!
Have you listened to your voicemails, Senator?  No DeVos
We need quality education even more. Prove that DeVos can't buy you and vote NO.
PLEASE vote NO ON BETSY DEVOS OUR CHILDREN DESERVE BETTER WE NEED SOMEONE W/EDUCATIONal EXPERIENCE not
Just called your office. Grew up in Bellaire, & many family members are teachers throughout the state. #DumpDevos
@BetsyDeVos UNQUALIFIED plagiarist.
no on DeVos!
please listen to/clear the voicemail at your offices.  If you're going to run away, at least let us leave a message
Don't fall into a republican trap. Reform is one thing, but all I ever hear from Republicans is CUT. We need taxes!
One of your five offices should be able to take a call.  Could it be that you don't want to talk to us? #NoonDeVos
We won't have people to fill the jobs if they don't have the right skills. #noondevos
Stop dodging, sir.  Your constituents are calling.  Pick up the phone, please. #NoonDeVos
Vote no on Devos. Judge her on her qualifications not her politics. Stand up and be counted!
Please vote against Mrs DeVos
In the university where I teach, students who plagiarize are expelled immediately. Are we hypocrites?
-called your offices and the voice mailboxes were all full (Cincinnati, Toledo, Cleveland) or no one answered (Columbus, DC)
jobs are important but you also need to ensure all Ohioans have education that makes them empoyable. No on DeVos #NoonDeVos
What we REALLY need is for you to vote NO on DeVos. We don't want our schools to look like Detroit's!
You need to work for legal-citizens/tax-payers of Ohio! Stop redistribution to Welfare-state! Leave SSA/VETS alone!
we need quality education for our kids to fill those jobs! Pls vote NO on DeVos! 45211
You mean the kind of tax reform where you take our taxes and build a $40BILLION WALL.
Why don't you start with getting rid of RITA?
You mean tax reform that makes everyone including billionaire candidates pay taxes. Or have to disclose tax returns
please vote NO Betsy DeVos. She's clearly unqualified.
I'm not a business but taxes are crippling to middle class remember that! No to Devos nomination. Not qualified
Vote NO on Betsy Devos. From the 45242 zip code.
please join and vote NO on DeVos- send the right msg that inexperience and $$$ does NOT buy cabinet spots 2 feed vanity!
I hope your idea of reform isnt tax cut for rich, but assume it is. Work to close loopholes that allow trump to pay no tax.
How about some leadership limiting the influence of Trump's Rasputin/Bannon?
we also need less predatory lending.  Vote no on Mnuchin at full Senate.
Mnuchin preyed hard on Ohio and you gave him a pass at today's vote.  Shameful.
the little  guy , can spend the money creat jobs instead of creating bigger bonuses for the rich
you talking about lowering taxes for the rich ..you know trickle down.. ben therte done that...reduse the taxes on
start with trumps tax returns
yes, we need to tax rich people vastly more so we can afford infrastructure
we also need quality education - VOTE NO ON BETSY DEVOS
