just resign .  make it easy on yourself, leave the sinking ship
Still happy you prepped Trump for the debates Senator?  Think that was a good idea?  We got what you helped put in the WH.  Fix it.
Certainly not concerned enough to question your unwavering support for treasonous traitor @realDonaldTrump.... 

#HYPOCRITE
I will scream to the mountain tops if it meant one more person will not vote for Portman.
Yes it is.  Every day that U continue to support this administration is a good day for #RUSSIA.
Well? What's your plan?
Unlike Sec. of State Clinton getting $143 million after U.S. uranium deal.
Delayed because of YOUR party and the inability of YOU and YOUR COLLEAGUES in the Senate. #coward
Welcome to the party pal.
Time to take action Senator
Better late than never. Glad to see you finally standing up to this admin. Please keep it up.
Well why did you vote to confirm him? We asked you not to and you ignored us! #representyourconstituents!
Oh, it's concerning? Remember our concerns when you were confirming him? Ties to oil & Russia. What could possibly go wrong???
Tillerson is a concern. He seems to be a control freak who cannot share or delegate.
Concerning: ROB PORTMAN is still in office mucking everything up.
So, what do you plan to do? Even your statement lacks passion, commitment, and courage. You need to stand up.
Actions speak louder than words, call him before your committee
Six months of loyalty to a disloyal administration is enough. Thank you for finding you voice. Please encourage other senators to speak out.
What can Congress do about this?
This is a very important issue you've brought up Senator!  We are looking to you to stand firm, and call out DJT on his Russian favoritism!
I can not believe the idiot Dems are still talking about Russia. Stand up Portman and find out why Hillary gave uranium 20% to the Russians
FIXED IT FOR YOU!
Concerning that progress on combating Trump American propaganda & disinfo is being delayed b/c of @GOP
If this surprises you, you've not been paying attention.
More needs to be done ASAP
Oh, you're concerned now? Maybe you should have voted NO to confirm a Big Oil executive with very close ties to #Russia to run @StateDept
Rob, Kelly has become Nanny McPhee for the WH. The World is watching. You know what needs to be done.
Damn Nanny Mcfee tho..
Duh. But just keep confirming Trumps nominees. I mean it's only for 4-8 yrs, right? How much damage can they do? 
Plz stay on this b4 funds expire on project. Preventing false info to Us is vital to democracy. Don't let Tillerson gut.
This is a clear sign of collusion with the enemy.
Tillertson is russian agent...for oil deal, no sanctions. Kick him out.
Your team, Senator!!  Please, please, please make this administration accountable
You mean the Sec of State you helped confirm?  Called your office expressing opposition to him at the time.
Yes! Put the pressure on this corrupt administration. Stand up to these possibly treasonous men. Define yourself as an enemy of Russia!
Tsk! Tsk! You'd think someone would do something re: propaganda and election hacking, wouldn't you.
The simple fact that @senrobportan blames Tillerman is quite ridiculous considering he's doing Trump's orders. #sitdown #skinnyrepealass
You had evidence Tillerson was in the Kremlin pocket and NOW you act surprised. You are pathetic.
Pretty sure your constituents could see this coming, if only you would have done your job and listened during his confirmation.
I dare say, are you finally waking up and realizing we have Russian operatives in the WH?
No Kidding Trump said he believed the sanctions bill to be "seriously flawed" WHY?
I'm glad you're actually paying attention to this.  Now, let's turn those tweets into action! #ohio #trump
Thanks for speaking out about this!
Thanks for speaking out! Also concerning that @realDonaldTrump won't enforce sanctions bill. Maybe we should find out why so pro Russia?
Need I remind you that you voted to confirm Tillerson?
Any concern abt the disinfo from this administration? It happens on the daily. We've made no progress combating it b/c you won't mention it.
"Concerning" Yet you'll just clutch your pearls then fall right in line. Spare us your concern, how about action for once!
Most of the misinformation concerning Russia comes from Don Jr. and the White House anyway...
Now you're talking! Also cuts, lack of diplomatic staff sounds risky. Our influence worldwide is tanking. Now ranked 3rd in soft power.
Sen. Portman, this is just the latest on a long list of concerning behaviors from the current admin. 

Why is @POTUS so deferential to RUS?
In 1977 when I took Civics, there was a separate but equal branch of government with oversight authority. Check on it. Better than tweeting
Where were you during confirmation? You guys own 45.
All this "concern" from @GOP lawmakers over the past 7 months, you'd think it might add up to action ... but nope.
Between Graham and Portman, it's a concernorama!
Americans are past the "concerned" stage. We also don't think the WH is "a dump", it's just being treated as such. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Isn't it though Senator. Makes you take a moment to think why would our president admin be so lenient on Russia?   Something is rotten in DC
Why did you vote to take away Ohioans' Medicaid?
is it concerning?? Have you paid much attention to your party lately? Seems predictable if you ask me.
Oh no not CONCERN

I need a drink
Cheers!
Your "concern" is adorable.
Senator, have you read this?
Terrifying
You get what you voted to appoint.
Could there be a reason? Oh, I don't know, maybe because they are working  with Russia? Gee, is there anything you could do besides concern?
Because of the president you supported and the secretary you confirmed.
of what does this "Russian propaganda" comprise?
We must reply to Putin's Cyber Pearl Harbor @MalcolmNance @Billbrowder @WarrenDavidson @SenSherrodBrown
You voted to confirm Tillerson. If you want credit for standing up to Trump...
 Stop. Voting. On. Trumps. Whims.
He not only voted confirm him, he sent  letters to constituents who voiced concerns chastising them "trump should have the people he wants"
Entirely predictable given who you confirmed
Confirmations have consequences.
What is going on with this administration??????
Who confirmed him again?
If only some governing body could do something instead of just tweet about their concerns.
That's in their playbook:
Step 1- clutch pearls
Step 2- might include a stern warning
Step 3- do nothing about it or vote for it anyway
this is where I AGREE with you!!!
When these "concerning" things happen & you think someone should do something about this --realize that someone is YOU! @JeffFlake
Your party is an embarrassment to traditional American values.
Rex Tillerson has ordered @StateDept to rewrite its mission statement, removing any mention of promoting democracy. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/josh-rogin/wp/2017/08/01/state-department-considers-scrubbing-democracy-promotion-from-its-mission/?utm_term=.882131b570ce …
Good.   "Promoting democracy"  seems to mean bombing people and destroying whole nations   i. e.   Iraq,  Libya,  Syria, Yemen,  Afghanistan
What the hell? Are they working for Russia or the USA?
Thanks for being on top of this, Senator
Makes you think, eh. Is the guy wh o got Russia's top honor now soft on Russia?
SO MUCH CONCERN! lol, all Republicans do is talk about how "concerned" they are about these idiots, without actually DOING ANYTHING
How strange that the Exxon CEO appointed by Trump would do a poor job keeping Russia in check? Did you vote for him?
Appointed by Putin*
I agree Senator. Keep saying it please. @StateDept
Even more concerning that you cowardly GOP Senators are ignoring the corruption, lying, and thieving going on in the WH. DO YOUR JOB!
Russia owns this entire administration. Wake up @gopsenate & realize it. It's blatant & right in front of everyone
Senator, you have been silent on the topic of Russian propaganda....maybe sit this out, let some Senators who have backbone work this.
Your party cut funding to the State Department.  Diplomacy prevents wars. Republicons are putting this country in danger.  #Shame
When Hillary was SoS  the State Dept was infested with neo cons.   At least Victoria Nuland is gone.
Oh sweet Jesus. Give it up.
