Our country encourages freedom of speech, but let's communicate w/o hate in our hearts. No good comes from violence. #Charlottesville
Yet you continue to lie subservient at the feet of this administration.
Do media & a Neo-Con like Portman condemn the Antifa & BLM violence we saw today and have been seeing for a while now? Has to be both ways.
I'd say if you're paying attention there's universal condemnation. But you know that's if your eyes are open & want to see it.
Really. Show us your or Portman's or WCPO's tweet, report, press release, etc specifically condemning Antifa & BLM mayhem. I don't recall it

SW Ohio is an epicenter for right wing hate groups.  Where is our Senator?
Cody, for the win! Suck at that, you soft batches!
Plagiarized again from Michelle Obama... smh
Did you call Donald to express this message?
No thoughts of your own? What about denouncing neo nazis at least. Free speech is fine. I agree. But you can say you disagree if you do.
Can you say you agree or disagree with agendas of BLM & ANTIFA who also came with shields, cluster chains other weapons, pepper spray etc?
Rob, you're just defending #45 by this tweet! Grow a pair and stand up to this Oran buffoon! Quit being spineless!
Will you condemn white supremacy, specifically? Please stop dancing around the main issue!
Maybe you can ask her husband for condemnation on these acts?
Be specific Sen. Portman. Denounce White Supremacist violence. Counter protesters are being mowed down. This is terrorism #Charlottesville
I abhor what happened in Charlottesville Sat. But you need 2 call "counterprotesters" what they are as well: BLM & ANTIFA! BOTH SIDES WRONG!
Accomplices.
Mr. Portman how can you agree completely after all her husband as done to incite this type of violence? I will wait for your reply!
Too bad POTUS doesn't agree.  Aren't you sorry you backed him?
But your husband has applied to become head of KKK. TTUMP INCITES VIOLENCE
Please. Say. Something.
Then perhaps her husband should stop inciting it. Shame on you!
There is no protection in 1st Amendment for Violence! NONE.  City of #Charlottesville is much responsible for incite. Truth. Beware agendas.
You need to condemn the white supremacists as home grown terrorists. Anything less makes you complacent with their violence. We are waiting
Denounce the hate or #resign there is no room for hate here.
But her husband won't call out white supremacists 
This statement is a mess. How could you agree?
We all know freedom of speech but there are consequences for hate.
I'm sure you do...the domestic terrorist voted for you.
Complete suck up
Pretty sure Michelle Obama said this but ok I agree too! Tell ur hubby that
Blah blah blah -- she is married to their De Facto LEADER. 

Empty words --
You and her should tell her husband that.
Your response is unworthy of your place in our democracy. You must disavow white supremacists! Stand up for our ideals!
Senator, you need to do better. You need to make a statement of your own that condemns the self-identified neo-Nazis. They are UN-AMERICAN!
Are you serious, Bob? That's the best you got for racists? Where's your stars and bars?
Oh please. Grow a pair @senrobportman
How can we be live anything you say when you are scared of your constituents?
she means white supremacist terrorism and so do you, right Rob? C'mon be a man and say it. My Dad fought a war to get rid of those flags
You support a POTUS who has created this environment! When your gay son feels the wrath of your actions will he forgive you ?
Is this the best you can do?
Impeach Trump
Let's see you confront the Nazis then. Stop being a coward and defend your people for once in your career
She should heed her own advice and help her husband
Vague phrases. Excuses. The hate is real, senator. Denounce it in plain language.
Your statement on racist violence is based on the musings of the trophy wife of a game show host huckster. You are an embarrassment
This is the best response you have? Disappointing.
Do you agree completely that Nazis have no business marching through our streets? Do you condemn white supremacists?
That's it ? That's all we get from you? I admire your work to end human trafficking, but your silence today is deafening #Charlottesville
An actual leader would write his own statement.

Agree completely with #davidduke #fulfilltrumpspromise??
ICYMI: David Duke said rally was to support  MAGA agenda, waiting patiently for @POTUS to reject and denounce KKK/Nazi support of all kinds.
Scammer #Trump encourages the white supremacists in Charlottesville.  Shame on you.
Pay better attention @senrobportman, #Charlottesville was enabled by @FLOTUS husband, via his bigoted and vicious henchman and supporters
Thank you for concurring with this vague chicken shit statement.
GRAPHIC: Pedestrians struck by car after Unite the Right rally http://www.dailyprogress.com/gallery/graphic-pedestrians-struck-by-car-after-unite-the-right-rally/collection_9ad95178-7f81-11e7-ba2b-5f75148f6c79.html?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=user-share … via @dailyprogress
Why does the Republican Party refuse to condemn or even utter the phrase White Supremacist? You might recognize the license plate.
Smart- don't come out against your fellow protestors too strongly.
Yet you support the same goals as folks running over counter-protestors, i.e. mass deaths of minorities, as evidenced by your Senate votes!!
Of all the people you could retweet. Of all the deep, meaningful commentary on this matter. You're a coward @senrobportman shame on you.
The only way you could have done less would be if you just favorited @FLOTUS's anodyne tweet. Pathetic.
To whom are you and the illegitimate FLOTUS referring? The neo-Nazis who support Trump just as firmly as you do? This is YOUR hate Portman.
We're looking to you to take a specific stand against white supremacist aggression, Senator. A retweet is all you have?
The Repub. Party OWNS this. You bought into a hateful, antagonistic, morally-bankrupt candidate. Now, you must stand up against it. #ohio
Do you condemned white supremacy in all of its forms? Dig down deep, find the spine you once had, and speak out against this hate
Senator Portman why is the GOP letting Trump get away with his hateful rhetoric?
You would have been better off agreeing with @OrrinHatch Good to see you siding with racists over decency!
White supremacists are all about hate.
Say it!! Nazi's and Racists!!!
You sir, are a #trunt. Can't wait till he grabs Sally by the 
Stand up to 45 and and his hate laws if that's how you really feel
PLEASE CAN YOU BE SPECIFIC????? WHO ARE YOU CONDEMNING?????
Perhaps you should elaborate on your statement:
Any lawmaker or leader who speaks out against #Charlottesville without mentioning racism should be ashamed at their own lack of integrity. https://twitter.com/joeheim/status/896403577761124352 …
No you shouldn't encourage hate speech. Just cause it's allowed doesn't mean it's encouraged. Pls step up Senator
Are you going to condemn the racism and hold accountable those in your party using their position to legalize discrimination?
@flotus denounce white supremicists AND violence and I also agree completely
Why can't you issue a strong statement?
Pretty pathetic that your president @realDonaldTrump gave them a platform and has someone representing them @SteveBannen in the cabinet.
Seriously?! That's the extent of your statement! No condemnation of white supremacy and all of its hate? Take a stand, a strong stand!
Ho. Ly. Shit. 
This is completely embarassing, Rob. This isnt some opinion piece in a newspaper. You need to #saysomething.
#whatareyoudoing
Gag. Too little Too late
Racism is more than "hate" and bigotry. It's a system of hierarchical oppression based upon artificial taxonomies made real.
As long as Gorka, Miller, and Bannon are still in OUR White House, we know @realDonaldTrump is insincere.
Hello Melania, the alt right can't communicate without hate.  It's what they are about.
Just say the words-White Supremacy. Why can't any of you in the @GOP say it? It's not that hard.
Specifically condemn the white supremacists, you spineless hack
I know Rob is not a white supremacist but he knows those dingbat Nazis would vote for him if they lived in OH. Politics over all.
Distance yourself from everyone in the administration. I'm already regretting my vote for you
And yet you are silent when @potus spews hatred toward and then deports tax paying, law abiding immigrants in our state. Where do stand?
Sorry Melania not now. Go back in hiding
That ship sailed a long tome ago.
That's all? "Agree completely"?
Going to take more than 2wrds, Rob. You're a US Senator. A membr of Congress. Your own statement, Rob. OwnIt
The @gop is enabling the hate and violence. YOU ARE COMPLICIT. #GUILTY
Senator, I'd appreciate, as a constituent, a more focused, exact response to the events currently unfolding.
When will you take action and remove the KNOWN white nationalists racists from the White House?!  Tweets are not action
Then we will all assume you agree that she should start with her "husband"
Do you also agree completely with Sen. Marco Rubio's statement, which identifies the evil he condemns?
Nothing patriotic about #Nazis,the #KKK or #WhiteSupremacists It's the direct opposite of what #America seeks to be. #Charlotesville
Weak statement, yet stronger than our prez.
Specifically, do you have anything to say about the White Supremacist, Neo-Nazi, Alt-Right? Too cowardly to offend your base?
Or do you agree with them....?
This is NOT communication!!! These are Nazi's and KKK members protesting in the name of the @POUTS
You could start by not pushing a hateful HC, tax agenda, deregulation of bank and bus. regs that harm your constituents. Actions not words.
.@senrobportman these Nazi protestors are yelling Heil Trump. Spouting hatred & violence. Your response is pretty lame, remember WW2?
Who is the antagonist Senator? Are we at the point of #AllHateMatters now? I never believed the GOP when they said AllLivesMatter either.
#2022
@FLOTUS -
Waiting for you to condemn white supremacy, senator. You can type the words, I know you can.
Typing and meaning them are 2 diff. things.
Mr. Portman, this is unsatisfactory. The hate expressed is not without context; it is racist and mediocre. Be specific in your condemnation.
You retweet Melania ? That's your answer. Weak man. Denounce these bigots with a clear statement
@FLOTUS This started because of your HUSBAND, Bannon, and Miller racists comments!  Bannon, Sessions, Miller need to be fired!
I agree about both freedom of speech and violence, but that still doesn't clarify your position on white supremacy.
Way to address the problem Rob!
Apparently neither of you want to say the word Nazis.
Or white supremacists..
Rob, your endorsement of Trump came after he called for torture & spouted racist, sexist poison. Why?
What is happening in Va. is like watching what happened at Kent State. Only difference is there is no National Guard to stop violence!
Spare us lying fraud!#MelaniaBraun Melania Trump on reporter who got death threats after profile:'She provoked them'
Please educate your husband and get him to a psych doc ASAP!
Agreed-but this violence wont stop if Soros keeps funding and paying these thugs to protest to the point of violence
Can you cite proof of this accusation? Nazi's we're spitting on people as they walked by.
#hypocrite
She's worried about Kushner losing his job to a nazi, white supremacist skinhead in #Charlottesville. Don't be fooled. Trump ran on Hate.


