Why? Why? Why won't you answer more straightforward specific issues like you do with opioids? What are you hiding?
Meanwhile in C-bus, disabled folks wanting to talk to you abt Medicare are dumped out of wheelchairs onto the floor. https://www.facebook.com/atticus.garden/videos/10155516253533288/ …
Back in Columbus tonight, Rob? Come talk to the constituents spending the night in your office. #sitinsavelives
A little civility is always a go start at getting a seat at the table
Well when thousands of phone calls, letters, emails, and tweets don't work, you have to try something else.
If Portman had any civility he'd actually hold a town hall.
Yep, this should really help....
@ColsFire trying to get in 37. W Broad 4 person w/chest pains. Protesters block medics from entering
They admitted they treated no one.  And there was an open elevator.
Medicaid*
You would make things so much easier for yourself to Simply open the process to constituents and work w/democrats on broad range of issues
As specifically as you do with opioid addiction. I support your concerns on that but you present it over and over as if it's the only issue
Please protect our healthcare & don't repeal Obamacare!
Remember when your office denigrated protestors at your office as "Socialists from New York?" That's what anti-Semites said in the 50s.
Remember, it's not just the addicted that need help! Protect our #healthcare, too!
Not just "protestors" - they're your constituents. Do right by them.
Thank you for listening to your constituents. I don't agree w/many of your stances, but respect your work w/addiction.

Arrests beginning. Hard to see but doctor being put in flex cuffs after staging protest in Sen Cotton's office 
Nice of you, but it's not just addicts who will suffer under the repugnant  plan. Women, elderly, the poor will also lose coverage.
Glad there was a conversation.
Not ok! First you refer to constituents as protestors, then refer to protestors as socialists. These are Ohioans with justified fears.
They're called "constituents"
Oh ffs, that pic of Portman is just a BS PR release. He's been bought by the insurance lobby, among others - like Betsy DeVos.
https://mobile.twitter.com/Spicerlies/status/881555079530151940 …
All you can handle is six???
It'll be in next week's flyer as having held a town hall, just as was meeting with banker donors. He hasn't had a real town hall.
Resolution occurs when both sides LISTEN. 

People must actually TRY to find agreement for the "country" and "people" to work and benefit.
Your job is to listen to what we want done, not to do what your overlords demand
That's more than @JeffFlake will do. Thank you for meeting with constituents who disagree.

@maddow a group of disabled peaceful protestors were arrested at Corey Gardner office protesting Block Grants Medicaid proposal. DM for more 

Capitol Police: 43 protesters arrested as disability rights activists conducted a "die-in" to block hallway near Sen. McConnell's office. 

Huge protest inside and outside of Senate Majority Leader Mitch Mcconnell's office happening right now. 

Capitol Police arresting protesters who rely on wheelchairs. They dropped one.

#NoCutsNoCaps 

Capitol Police dragging a disabled protester away without his wheelchair. 

Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 

Healthcare Protesters are arrested outside Sen. McConnell's office on Capitol Hill after the release of the #SenateGOP Healthcare Bill. 

Blood on the floor outside of Leader Mcconnell's office as protestors are physically being removed. 
He'll vote for it he thinks if he caters to the opioid crisis everyone will say how great he is that's the deal he's making screw the rest

Don't crucify the guy for a word.  The point is he is talking to folks.  Save the "it's his job."  We are proud Ohioans who are civil.
Words matter. Words shape perception.
At least you had the integrity to meet with them.  I disagree with your position s usually, but I respect this.
Six people? Not enough. In a restaurant they'd get separate checks!

Protestors tell me folks being loaded up here were the protesters  arrested at McConnell's office. 
Going to keep asking. Not going away. Protest because you need to understand that and it appears you don't. Why not speak to specific issues
Since when are constituents "protesters" ?
Don't take away their healthcare. Have some respect for people's lives over tax cuts for the wealthy.
They are called constituents. Wow.

Loud, angry chants of SHAME as Trump's motorcade arrives @ Trump Hotel for fundraiser 

"Just vote no!" protesters chant outside of GOP Sen. Cory Gardner's office. Demonstrators have sprawled out across Republican offices.. 

Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 
Protesters? No. You met with constituents. Look at that picture. Retirees, moms, grandmothers. We are the realities of healthcare.
Constituents & concerned, involved American citizens - the people you are supposed to listen to & represent - have you forgotten?
I realize Town Halls can be raucous. But people with different views still need to make an effort to talk. Thank you.

Capitol Police arresting protesters who rely on wheelchairs. They dropped one.

#NoCutsNoCaps 

#StopTrumpCare 
#SaveMedicaid 
#NoCutsNoCaps
#ADAPTandRESIST 
…

YOUR CONSTITUENTS shouldn't have to track you down. Have a #REALTownHallNOW and address #ALLOHIOANS. It's your job.
#stophiding
#scheduleit
Sorry but he only represents Republicans and his donors! I was cut from an event for being a Democrat! 
#WeWillReplaceYou @senrobportman. Your job is to represent #ALLOHIOANS. Why are you kicking us out of events & forcing us to track you down?
We're not protesters, we're constituents. You work for us, we're not here to shore up your self importance.
Ohio Legislators let us down again
https://www.facebook.com/Jeffersoncounty/ …
We want to have a real conversation about healthcare. Hold a #townhall. Your "slow strangulation" of Medicaid has us very worried.
We're not "protesters," we're scared to death the GOP will kick our parents out of their nursing homes so that the wealthy can get richer.
That's great but why won't you meet with protesters with #disabilities who are at your Columbus office right now?
Protestors? I think they were constituents!
Nothing you say matters to me. #Devos
Just repeal the ridiculous tyrannical individual and business mandates. They are unAmerican and have no place in a free society.
Come Join us on the Roebling bridge Sunday. We have a lot to talk about.
People in your Cincinnati office are waiting to speak with you too.
Whether you personally agree or not is of little consequence. You were elected to represent our interests, so why are you ignoring us?
What about the folks SITTING IN YOUR OFFICE? You work for us and we want answers. 1949 days. #WaitingForPortman #UnseatTheSellout
Protestors?   It's sad that you don't recognize your own constiuents.  Try meeting with more of us.   You might be surprised.
You could connect with even more at a townhall. Ohio isn't fooled by these pics.
It's always good to listen to the other side.  Try it in congress.
This is why it's important to meet with your constituents, you may have a good conversation. Townhall now! 45177
Poorly worded- those people aren't protestors. They're Ohio citizens. Glad you're listening. Pls vote no to ACA repeal.
When you only meet with selected groups you keep yourself in an echo chamber Senator.  Try meeting with teachers & public employees!
Rob seen here with the only 6 people in Ohio who disagree with him. All other calls, letters, tweets are fake news for sure. Capiche?
@DSACincy is in your Cincy office right now if you wanna chat. Bring pizza + beer and we'll make a night of it. #medicare4all
Glad they were able to track you down.
Why must you refer to your constituents, American citizens as protestors, activists, liberals? They are constituents & Americans. Simple.
I don't care much about this. We are activists and protestors.
We are his constituents & it seems dismissive 2 hold people that don't agree with him in a different category when he works 4 all of Ohio.
I don't disagree really but we know there's "us and them" thing anyhow. At least he finally sat down with 6 people when he couldn't escape
Agree! I'm gonna disagree with most things he says! So...there's that!
People whose lives your decisions will change forever are not "protesters" just bc you won't give them a chance to be heard any other way.
wants to take healthcare from MILLIONS of Americans to give TAX CUTS to the RICH!!! #KeepCalling
Your constituents are spending the night in your office in Columbus tonight waiting for you to agree to schedule a town hall.
Another name for those protestors-"constituents"
Oh my let's not meet with a larger group.   Coward
Fraud.
Love that you are able to disagree and still carry on the conversation. Proud of Ohio @SenSherrodBrown @JohnKasich
What was said during this conversation? Or was it as "public" as your weekly contrived coffee meetings? Come meet the voters at a town hall
How long are we going to watch Trump take us into danger? When is GOP going to step in and impeach him. I am so worried about U.S.
Health care??
They're real people, your constituents, unlike the collaborator orange flake

they are constituents. And when will you have a #TownHall? #DoYourJob #ProtectOurCare & kill #BCRA.
I appreciate you at least meeting with them. Please visit schools and families of medically fragile children. #SaveMedicaid #SavetheACA
Do you mean you met with some of your constituents???
Please fix the AHCA and you can change the name if necessary. Think about the economic implications, if not the negative impact on Ohioans.
Glad you were willing to meet with that small, older group of folks.
Remember it's not your opinion that matters. Is ours, you're just OUR voice. Start listening! @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Thank you for listening to them.
That's awesome, @senrobportman. I know you are being very thoughtful about this issue.
How is that ?
Have a real town hall.
Senator, any vote other than a NO, does not represent the majority of your constituents. We rely on you to represent us!
Thank you for meeting with them. Please vote no on the Senate healthcare bill
Your constituents think you're hard to find. You represent Ohio: ALL of us, not just Republicans.
Vote NO on Trumpcare. NO NO NO.
Don't give in to McConnell- listen to your constituents! Vote NO on the healthcare bill! It is heartless and will hurt Ohioans.
Telling word choice. As @GCDPOH says, you mean constituents. Who have legitimate concerns they are bringing to you. Their representative.
You met with protesters or is this another photo op? You were highlighted as a Sen avoiding his constituents by the media.
Thanks for meeting with them, Sen. Portman. Please keep in mind our civic duties as Americans, which includes justice for ALL.
Rob at his best....
Sorry, "protesters?" Did you mean to write "constituents?"
Protestors? Look like constituents to me
Looks civil. A town hall could be as well. Accept our invite before you vote. @OhioDistrict3 @CbusIndivisible
We were waiting for your town hall here in Columbus, right outside your office, in the rain. ??
"Protestors?
I thought you represented everyone, even the folks who disagree with your policies.
Glad we have one Senator who respects the fact that some constituents disagree. Thanks Senator Portman.
thats a start ........... come on up to N W Ohio and listen to what we have to say
Why bother with agitators? They do not speak for most of us! #repealobamacare
Hoping Obamacare implodes and then you will have to actually do something
Please vote no on ACA repeal! Millions of lives are literally at stake.
Constituents not protesters.
Please vote NO on ACA repeal. Don't play with the lives of millions.
Dialogue, people listening to one another. A great strand in our US fabric, one I hope never disappears. Dissent and protest important too.
Just a suggestion - maybe your Party should check in somewhere. You seem to have a nasty Koch habit.  VOTE NO on Wealthcare.
Glad you met with a few. Vote no.  We need real healthcare not tax cuts for Millionaires
Look forward to the discussion at your next town hall meeting. #coward #resign
Let's all hope that we can solve this terrible epidemic.
@SenateMajLdr @senategop @housegop @speakerryan

Protesters now outside of Republican Sen. Cory Gardner's Senate office. Chanting "shame on you." 

This is the seminal image of our battle. She’s being arrested for protesting ACA repeal outside McConnell’s office. https://twitter.com/desiderioDC/status/877914158787842048 … 
