$770 p/p+ $4K deductible for a silver plan C-Bus is not affordable. If providers charged the same amt without insurance ins not necessary.
Please save Medicaid in Ohio. Too many people depend on it.
Please protect people w/ preexisting conditions. Allowing annual/lifetime spending caps would devastate my family & kill me.
GOP: lying for 7 years, & you refuse to hold town hall meetings. People are fighting for their lives.
Thank you please protect Medicaid for my patients with mental illness and addictions.
https://tinyurl.com/ybfolpvw  Where is the cost control, how are you getting at the root cause?  GOP had 8+ yrs to work on, what were you doing?
Here's an idea save money and provide coverage/care for every American citizen.... basic Universal single-payer.
We need many things, but you're not on the list.
It's just lip service until you vote no on #Trumpcare. Work w/ Dems to make the #ACA better for everyone
All you need to do is add in a #publicoption and regulations that prevent insurance companies from charging more while making record profits
Fraud.
we need low cost, good coverage for everyone, in addition to lowering the cost of prescription drugs. Drugs eat our lunch.
Great, the #ACA  already does that. So why are you trying to repeal it?
@senrobportman @IndivisibleOH8 @OHDems  will not be standing w/Oh., but once again W/Ins. & Pharm donors. $354,616. 2 wds. Single Pay.
I live & vote in OH, please vote "no" on the proposed healthcare bill. Fix what we have & let people keep their coverage. TY
Please call Senator Portman's office. It's much more affective than tweeting.
ALL OHIOANS!
How about fixing what we have or....
well plan that Senate is proposing isn't going to do it LOL.
PS What is the name of the woman who wanted to see u - the one the cop dumped on the floor? Symbolic of what ur yes vote on BCRA does to OH.
BCRA does nothing u say u care about. ACA could have worked but GOP hogtied it. Americans paying price for your partisan bullshit.
How you consistently manage to say nothing of substance must be why you have risen to this level of power
Insurance companies pulled out due to lack of subsidies for those with high-risk conditions and GOP desire to gut other ACA protections
The ones you push out of the wheelchairs who protest
Thank you!
You can do that by fixing the ACA.
The Ted Cruz Amdt creates a two tiered health care system.  That doesn't protect low income Ohioans.  Pls have bipartisan hearings!
To ALL Senators
Why not offer Medicare coverage to those of us who would prefer government run healthcare instead of insurance run healthcare?
Self employed here, ACA helped me. Vote no on BHCA. Don’t withhold subsidies and cost sharing and destabilize Ins Market
The senate bill does none of these things. Please work with democrats to improve the ACA.
Excellent ideas! Glad to hear you support single-payer Medicare for all. That's what you meant, right?
You are fake you must go.
Reduce costs of deductibles and premiums for who?  I am ok with paying more if it means coverage for those not as privileged as I am.
How about all elected officials use the same health care plan that they are voting on for their constituents? The replacement is #atrocious
Individual mandate is a must. Basic math: more people in risk pool - i.e., more HEALTHY people = ability to spread cost. NO-BRAINER
And there is NOTHING about the AHCA or the BCRA that do ANY of that.
Middle class Ohioans need protection, take away the pre-existing conditions! Hold a town hall and hear our concerns!
The way your cops helped disabled americans out of their wheelchairs today? Is that the kind of help you mean?
GOP creates uncertainty in the marketplace leading to insurers dropping out & higher premiums. You authored this shameful bill- FIX IT !
Quit insulting us. We are from Cincinnati, we are your constituents we want good and affordable HC. This does not make us Socialists.
Great, can we rely on you to act? You need to stand up for Ohio and America and vote NO! Fix the ACA, stop sabotaging it.
Repeal OC now. It is pure stupidity for any Republican to roadblock repealing OC.Use phase 2&3 to finish! If fail GOP will be out in 2018
Your best bet, if you want something to pass, is to work with Democrats. The Freedom Caucus will never support keeping Medicaid expansion
Want to do something to show you put country before party? There are a lot more in the middle, Dems and GOP, than there are at the extremes
I suggest that you and Sherrod Brown work together to improve what we have instead of trying to satisfy the radicals in your party. Or his
Don't screw us over.  Vote NO
Quit messing with health insurance and work on lowering the cost of care. Insurance isn't health care, it's business
Single payer health care. Medicaid for all!
Giving high income people a massive tax cut won't achieve either of those goals. #StabilizeACAPayments
Single payer reduces total costs:
What I see is Dems working furiously to save Medicaid. I see Dems lucidly explaining how to stabilize markets & bring down $. But you? Nope.
So you're voting no on #BRCA/#AHCA, right, cause it does NONE of those things.
Careful, this sounds like you could be at cross purposes with your party.
So, again, you're voting no on this bill?
.@senrobportman please try working across the aisle. Partners are waiting. @RandPaul is not an ally.
Then you must be a firm no on the plans put forward by the Rep caucus. You should reach out to Dems & work together for all Americans.
Occams Razor Rob. Don't repeal AHCA. Alter the framework where needed. Doesn't have to be a nee bill so the GOP feels like it "won"
Vote NO on Trumpcare. Work on health care for all. Killing constituents in exchange for tax cuts for the rich is horrendous proposal
Yes we do...make sure you're talking about major medical insurance and not catastrophic insurance policies. Huge difference in coverage...
we need to mandate everyone have coverage! It's not ok that some don't want to. I don't want to pay for car ins either, but it's the law!
Go do it. We already know
payer/provider partnerships work. Some insurance companies are leaving? Cleveland Clinic is jumping IN!
PLEASE let the ACA do it's job-the payment shift hasn't been fully implemented. Ask Cleveland Clinic how we do it!!
lowering premiums and deductibles will happen when we lower the cost of care-shift from ffs to bundle/capitated payment
@IndivisibleOH8 You would be better served in this end by working with your fellow Ohioan, @SenSherrodBrown, than with Mitch McConnell.
Adequate affordable coverage for ALL Ohioans
FIX the ACA. No repeal. NO replacement can improve the ACA. TRUMPCARE is a tax cut. It is NOT a healthcare bill. It's a tax cut.
Great talking points (except you forgot the bit from the top re: Obamacare imploding), but what's your plan?
Bipartisan effort to combat rising h/c costs is needed to heal OH and country. #VoteNoBCRA #ProtectOurCare #wealthcare #CountryOverParty
Telling more lies and bullshit. Republicans need to work across aisle. Suck it up. You had 7 years of blaming obama and still no plan
Still #WaitingforPortman to tell us what this really means. Will you vote no? There's no such thing as an acceptable level of mean or evil.
Then we need a strong NO from you on the Better Care Reconciliation Act. It does none of what you wrote here. Instead, expand ACA coverage.
So how are you planning to vote, Rob? Ohioans would love to know.
NOt enough lipstick in D.C. to dress up this pig of a bill.  Need a bipartisan fix, not tax breaks for the rich.  VOTE NO on #Wealthcare
Tell us how BCRA does any of that. It doesn't. Shore up the ACA.
These are great talking points, but the bill proposed right now in the Senate comes far short of these goals.  VOTE NO on #Wealthcare
Vote no on this health care bill.   We deserve better.  Show us that you are willing to put Ohio constituents before party.
Not one aspect of the bill addresses costs/premiums. GOP had 8+ yrs to work on it. Could've worked with Dems/Obama. What were you doing?
Senator - How do these goals and the healthcare plan you have drawn up with your colleagues align? Are you going to be for Ohioans or #GOP?
the legislation you wrote behind closed doors *raises* premiums and deductibles!
It's not going to work unless you give up your planned tax break.
That would be ACA.
but why can't you work to lower the cost actual of health care? Stop tackling insurance! Lower the cost of medicine!
Unless you have pre-existing condition, 50 & older, disabled, poor, addict, immigrant, pregnant or want an abortion. NO PROTECTION
I would like to pick up the Dispatch & read of my OH  senators  Portman  & @SenSherrodBrown  working together to fix ACA.Too much to ask?
And #ProtectMedicaid for the elderly and disabled...
Hopefully this means you wil commit to voting NO on the BCRA/AHCA. Cutting Medicaid will deprive low-income Ohioans of care.
Please vote against repeal of #ACA
Premiums under trumpcare would go up. Sensible legislation isn't just "repeal" it requires actual work and insight from the industry
Reduce costs by cutting out the middle man...single payer system!
DO NOT allow insurance companies to offer low premium plans which leave families without actual coverage! Keep #EssentialBenefits!
Tell us the true reason they are leaving: bcz you Rs keep all in suspense w ur baseless cries regardng OCare failing, and no replacement
Single Payer.  Done.
Healthcare is a human need and right. Universal health care for all.
I am a constituent and I would like to see the Republican Russian Party work with the Democrats to improve the ACA.
Healthcare is essential for all Americans. Need bipartisan effort to enhance ACA. Big pharma must cut direct marketing to consumers to save$
We must protect the coverage of kids & those with #preexistingconditions. @OHPediatricians & I ask you to #Keepkidscovered & vote #NoBCRA
Single payer. Current bill in Congress is a joke.
Senator, every proposed R plan in H/S does the opposite of what you profess to want. Will you lead your colleagues to something different?
THIS IS YOU AND @GOP DOING. 7 years of vile hatred and NO PLAN TO MAKE AMERICA BETTER. it's DISGUISTING. Fix this before people die.
We need high deductible catastrophic coverage! Our family's budget has no room for today's crazy premiums - my family is uninsured.
Seven years, 7!
Trumpcare is abomination It will not reduce premiums It will reduce benefits offered We need single payer Negotiate Drug prices or fix ACA
But what about the #TaxCuts??? JK, no one is asking that except your pals @tedcruz @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Please NO VOTE on trumpcare.  Fix Obama care.  Work bipartisan
your idea is to go along with this bill that will hurt millions of Americans I am sorry your logic is not sound and you should be ashamed
The challenge is your party says things like "save Medicaid by cutting funding." Until you're specific, there is no way to know what's what.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
These sound like good goals. I'm not sure what your policies will be. We just all need healthcare. I'd love to hear your plan at a #townhall
Low premiums don't matter if nothing is covered.  Healthcare should come before insurance and pharma profits
A profit, yes but they shouldn't be gouging us.  Why are the same drugs way cheaper in other countries?
#TrumpRussia 
Is that the mayor of NYC?
Like creating a single payer system? Lower premiums, healthcare for low income Ohioans, same healthcare for high income Ohioans :))
You where a member of the #Secret13   RIGHT ??  Seems you have all the answers now ....
The ONLY thing that reduces the cost of health care is paying in Cash. https://www.patmosemergiclinic.com/CongTestOral.html …
I don't believe this bill does the things for which you are advocating.
CBO SCORE #AHCA
https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/52849-hr1628senate.pdf …

Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 

And that's   just like you are...

the side-by-side 

This is the seminal image of our battle. She’s being arrested for protesting ACA repeal outside McConnell’s office. https://twitter.com/desiderioDC/status/877914158787842048 … 
Nobody is speaking out. This is not normal. This is not ok.

Protester ripped from her wheelchair and carried off

#NoCutsNoCaps #StopTrumpcare 
