maybe you can start eating #LakeErie algae and call it a delicacy...big bucks if you can make America Great like that   @senrobportman
why did we allow an agency have such power outside the reach of the people and their boss, we the people? Get them in line
you really should have opposed Pruitt then.
what will happen if the trump administration disbands the EPA?
You have to be joking! Fully fund it with what? You voted to confirm Pruitt when you knew he wanted to gut the agency.
Such tough talk from a lapdog. Of course the economy will be strong if business can do anything they want to the environment!
While you're at it maybe you should ask the EPA director to stop lying about CO2 not causing climate warming
you shouldn't have helped rush Pruitt into power!
So now you'll know how we feel when you ignore our wishes, and we all lose.
You supported Pruitt over your own state. Ohio holds you accountable!!
Well thank you but you should have thought about that before you installed an avowed opponent of the EPA to be its chief.
Thank you for standing up for our lakes. Please work with your colleagues to fully fund the EPA & protect all our resources
but Molly, Portman wanted this
We can't measure pollution problems unless we have an EPA. We can't support clean energy without a DOE. We need science!
Good to hear but if you care about air and water Pruitt was WRONG for Ohio and all USA
Lipservice won't save the Great Lakes. Do your job!!
we voted for you to lead, not put party before country.  You knew what was coming. This is on you. We are disappointed
@GregHarris71 this is what you get Rob....
if only you could have done something to stop this
What the hell did you think was going to happen. You had the power to vote no. You chose the past of least resistance.COWARD
Better hurry....haven't you heard? 45 is doing away with the EPA. Who needs environmental protections?
you get what you vote for. When you supported Pruitt, you chose to weaken environmental protections, and you hurt all of us.
you voted for Pruitt, what did you expect?
should have stepped up the in confirmation hearing instead of towing party line #GreatLakes  more important than #politics
#protectthegreatlakes
nice try film flam man! Trying to play both sides of the fence. We watch your voting record
good luck with that! RWNJ top dog @ EPA. Actually I'm  suprised you're not in lockstep.  Like the rest of your party
I'm confused. You supported the new director, yes?
see you guys think we're just sore losers. Do you get it now? Wake the hell up and start fighting for Ohioans
YOU VOTED FOR SCOTT PRUITT, THIS IS YOUR FAULT.
U voted to confirm Pruitt remember? Isn't it true the EPA budget cut by 37 mil? So where will the funding come from now?
Then why did you vote to confirm Pruitt, who spent his entire career trying to destroy the agency he now heads? #NotBuyingit
Fair Point @senrobportman. Pruitt - You know, the guy who doesn't believe CO2 = the primary contributor to Global Warming...?
those are some nice looking doggos you two got there
sadly, my American bulldog Murphy passed away last year. Still looking for another one.
You ridiculous hypocrite. I guess the EPA is bad unless it benefits you?
Agreed, but when something doesn't directly affect Sen. Portman, he is GOP (Trump) all the way.
good luck with that... YOU OTED THIS GUY TO HEAD.. you own it!!
you voted for Pruitt whose specialty is dismantling the EPA. You sold out the Great Lakes along/w other US watersheds. #EPA
LOL
WHAT THE HELL DID U THINK WAS GOING TO HAPPEN when u voted to confirm?!?
We tried to tell you not to vote for Scott Pruitt but no one answered the phone in your offices.
then why'd you vote for him, you coward?
when our river is flammable again Sir we will remember your vote to confirm Pruitt and dismantle the EPA #LastTerm
good luck. Shouldn't have confirmed this anti-scientist to run the @EPA. You put party and power over country and clean water
nobody saw this coming. By nobody I mean EVERYBODY ACCEPT YOU AND YOUR GOP COLLEAGUES WHO CONFIRMED THAT ECO TERRORIST. 
you should have thought of this before voting for @ScottPruittOK
You would have been one of three needed to force Pence vote. One of four to block. Too bad you didn't do your job.
wait, you're serious? Smh
Maybe you shouldn't have voted 2 confirm Pruitt. Country over Party. I think your party line rhetoric will oust you in the next election.
Why didn't you think of the impact on the Great Lakes BEFORE you voted for a EPA head who doesn't believe in EP?
Idea:  Threaten to vote no on that craptastic health care bill unless the project is funded. Then I'll believe u give a damn.
Yet you voted for him knowing damn well his anti-environmental views. This is on you. You did not represent us and our homes!
You voted to confirm Pruitt! You could have said no!!!! Republicans truly are deplorable.
This statement is utterly hollow given your endorsement of Pruitt. What did you honestly expect?  This is what you voted for.
You mean for the limited time we have an EPA because the wingnut in the Oval office is working to abolish it.
Voting in Pruitt was a vote against the Great Lakes. Can't have it both ways.
I suggest, then, that you back the EPA's regulatory power by voting #NotoREINS on committee next week. We are watching. #PullBacktheREINS
don't know how you could vote for Pruitt but we will remember your stance today and hold you to this
sure you did but when the vote comes you will do like you did with Glenn. You are all show and zero substance.
You can thank yourself for approving Pruitt for head of the EPA. 45 is cutting the EPA by 20%. Fight like hell for the Ohio!
I believe step 1 is going to be protecting EPA and making sure it has funds to support such initiatives.
then please stand up to protect the EPA from massive planned budget cuts.
Holy Crap! I agree with @senrobportman. Now if he would only see the value in ALL of EPA's work.
But....didn't you vote for Pruitt? 

You're lying again Rob and we know it.
.@senrobportman Agree. And stop rolling back environmental regulations! Air & water quality will suffer.
but didn't you vote for Pruitt? And support DJT? What the heck did you think was going to happen?
Should have said "no" to Pruitt. Support the EPA, keep our air and water clean. Ohio is watching.
and your republican cronies don't care about our fresh water -- our waterways --  but good luck to you!
@brimcmike How about urging the Congress to impeach our lying, kleptomaniac President?
thank you for standing up for the Great Lakes. We all need clean drinking water.   Please continue to defend the Great Lakes.
Great
w/the EO re:"waterways", unrestricted nitrogen from agriculture will cause greatest algae bloom ever
So, its not enough
Thank you.
your support seems sincere.  Hopefully you will vote against further weakening of environmental regulations
Thee proposed cuts should not surprise you This is what Trump said he would do
Yeah, I think maybe if you were serious about the EPA you wouldn’t have voted to confirm Pruitt. This is all talk.
Then why did you vote to confirm Pruitt as EPA  head? Makes no sense unless you are incompetent or trying to cover a bad decision.
Please continue to fight for the Great Lakes and EPA funding.
you know Pruitt has zero intentions of letting that happen.  We told you so.  Put Ohio first
the EPA needs to be fully funded in order to fund GLRI. Don't let @realDonaldTrump slash its funds!
http://ln.is/www.thenation.com/ar/xQ1ed …
looking forward to acid rain and all the fish in the streams having tumors again  like when I grew up
they could also protect our air and believe all the scientists about global warming. Why are trump kings dismantling the EPA?
if you had stood against Pruitt's appointment chances would have been better. #CountryOverParty
was recently on the gulf coast of Florida. They're dealing with a similar situation with "red tide."
thanks, but I guess hindsight is 20/20. Perhaps next time you will listen to your constituents before voting on party lines!
forget it.  Trump getting rid of the EPA department.
Reap what you sow #PRUITTPOWER
you voted to confirm #pollutingpruitt so this is on you. Now make sure our healthcare is covered bc were gonna need it.
yeah lots of people are having buyers remorse. U had a chance but played politics instead. Nice
.@senrobportman Thank you sir!!!!!
Meanwhile, your man trump wants to severely hobble or even eliminate the EPA. He's not here to help you or anyone else.
Are you serious? You approved of Pruitt for the EPA even though you know he want to dismantle it just shut up Portman
Important? ya think? let us know if you have any voice with EPA; doubtful; pitiful.
Good thing you supported someone who cannot recognize the science behind global warming!
Bahaha yet you voted to confirm a climate change denier who wants to dismantle the #EPA to lead it. #rubberstampRob
.@senrobportman You rubber-stamped Pruitt, so you don't get to say this.
he wants to get rid of both departments , the epa because bussiness men want it and the state deparment ..putin weants it.@senrobportman
trump is cutting the epa,s budget by 40% to get money to build the stupid wall. then thers the state department budjet..
did u ask this question of Pruitt in the confirmation hearings?
tax the people who live around it !!!!!
YOU most likely destroyed the EPA, including clean water & air, when YOU voted in Pruitt. #ScienceMatters #TrumpsPuppet
Your @POTUS is cutting funding for the EPA!
Stand with Trump Mr Portman I voted for u! Most of the people responding to u didn't.
Thank you!
Rally the troops in the senate!
we know when things go south, you'll say "But I tried" and we'll know it's a lie. ALL Ohio voters will know.
what EPA? We know the main function of Pruitt is to abolish EPA bcause clean air & water are bad for biz
great to hear! What about the health of your constituents and proposed & disastrous health bill? How will you fight for us?
might be too late! What happened to your agreement with Pruitt for voting him in!!
urge @realDonaldTrump and the rest of the @GOP to fully fund the @EPA #oneworld
how about you demand full funding of EPA and a purge of climate deniers?
Fight hard, senator. You need to atone for that Pruitt vote. Thank you.
@maxeckenwiler But if the EPA has no funding...
#truth. Fight for our water source!
Absolutely! Rob's votes aren't fighting for us.
I know.  He better start.
Thank you for that, but why did you vote to confirm him?  His true colors showed during his hearing??
thank you! And let's also encourage Trump EPA to acknowledge co2 is contributing to climate change. Because Science and facts
I thinking you should have thought about that before voting for Pruitt.
Talk is cheap but you just voted to give polluters more say on where drilling happens on our lands (HJ Res 44)
Really? What's your plan? It seems like U made UR choice on Pruitt & are pretending to act but your hands are tied!#SaveEPA
I would have full supported this except you voted to confirm Pruitt.  Actions speak louder than tweets!!!
Trump wants to slash EPA budget, Pruitt is at EPA. U support them &still want funds. Can't have both u made ur pick. Own it
. @senrobportman just wait til they hold the GLs over your head for your ACA repeal vote. Grow a pair and don't vote party line, you hack
I'm urging you to call on a independent council to investigate #Trumprussia #Scandal #Trumps7WordWireTapLeaks
. @senrobportman but you didn't have to vote him in Bobby my boy. You get ZERO sympathy, you had your chance and you blew it
Now, it's good he's seeing he fucked up. It doesn't absolve him in any way.
But if he's genuine about not wanting Erie to become a Great Sludgepool, I'm okay with that.
He's welcome to start trying to do his job whenever he wants. So long as it's about saving more than face.
EPA?  What's that????  You voted for the guy that is dismantling that program.  We tried to tell you.  You didn't listen!
tell it to the candidate you endorsed. #feckless
yessss!!! This!!!
better get it done soon. Future of EPA doesn't look good
this is your fault, sir. You continue to support Trump's cabinet picks that are dangerous to Ohio and America.
there you go
you're really saying this? You voted for Pruitt and you knew what he was going to do! Get your priorities right! #hypocrite
You voted for Pruitt knowing what he's about. Did you think he'd make an exception for you? Ridiculous.
Never happen unless the lakes can come up with some cash.
Thank you. Maybe you are starting to realize the vote for Pruitt was a mistake. Please urge the full funding of all EPA work!
HOW, ROB. THEY HAVE NO BUDGET.
.@senrobportman Too little, too late. Barns and Horses. #GreatLakes are like #DAPL, #climatechange or #science for @EPAScottPruitt
Trump and his flunky Pruitt arent going to fund this....but he's your guy right?
#LIAR
Urge quickly, Senator, the EPA is going Bye-Bye!
Senator, please urge @POTUS to fully fund the EPA!
Support EPA budget. Don't let Pruitt destroy the agency.
Maybe you missed it, they are killing the EPA also. Attend a town hall meeting and your constituents can fill you in.
Thanks for supporting the lake.  It is vital to keep it Blue!
Better make sure POTUS funds the EPA, then.
you voted for #pollutingPruitt. Talking out both sides of your mouth. Gutting the #EPA and then needing their help. #gopbiz
Ansolutely this is important. Be vocal and stay strong!
Maybe if you hadn't put party before country and voted AGAINST @EPAScottPruitt this wouldn't be happening. #FIXTHIS #resist
why did you vote to approve #pollutingPruitt? Seems like you're paying lip service to the future health of our Great Lakes.
agree wholeheartedly; but @POTUS seems to feel different and it's him you have to convince.
That is critical for health and welfare of millions. Thank you for your environmental work such as debt-for-nature swap.
The budget for the initiative after Trump slashed it is less than three weekends for him at Mar-a-shitto.
Thank you, please continue to push on this issue.
Good luck with that. Again, how much does trump want to cut from budget of EPA? 24%
what the hell is going on in the Dept of Justice now???
hey rob. You voted this guy in....own it!
The GL have been in trouble for a long time-why haven't you pushed for this before? Reelection time, you're out!
.@senrobportman maybe you should have thought of that before you passed through a guy who wanted to shut down the epa. Worthless POS
glad that you taking a stand here. But every state has a pet project and important environmental concerns. GOP has cut lots
Hopefully the EPA will.  However, it is about recovery and restoration not bout BIG GOV control as it was under @BarackObama

Pollution kills more than 1.7 million children a year, World Health Organization reports http://cbsn.ws/2lP66C6  
