.@senrobportman #SmallBiz would do better w/out #RepealObamacare Please. Are U really fighting for them or special interests & Insurance Co?
@indivisibledyt  I'm sure you are more comfortable w this group than in a town hall setting. And they all probably support ACA repeal.
From @SenSherrodBrown  

"What does ‘skinny repeal’ mean for Ohio? 
561,000  kicked off coverage, premiums up $550 year
& hospitals out $5M"
Do you support the WH strong arming @lisamurkowski with threats to her state? A yes vote today condones that. Vote no and help fix the ACA!
Keep fighting to make sure employers aren't responsible for the health and well being of their employees.  So moral and courageous.
How about holding a town hall meeting with your constituents? Quit being a coward! Stand up for us! And do your job! #ProtectOurCare

What does ‘skinny repeal’ mean for Ohio? 

561k kicked off coverage, premiums up $550/year & hospitals out…
Are you proud of depriving 22 Million Americans of healthcare?
Yeah this is the right thing to focus on today. Btw what will happen when their employees are sick & bankrupt?
Vote no to skinny repeal, which you guys reportedly wrote over lunch.  I did that a few times in high school and college.  Didn't go well.
So when might those jobs arrive? Ohio has been lagging behind the national average in job growth for about 60 months.

Hey when you get a minute can you explain to us what exactly is going on with health care? Thanks so much!
We can't vote Portman out for a while. Til then, donate to campaigns areas where we can make change. #ohio #smallbiz
U should have supported repeal. I guess democrate will hold your job next
Were small businesses petitioning you to drop health insurance mandate? Don't listen! Vote no on skinny bill.
PORTMAN TAKES HEALTH INSURANCE AWAY FROM FAMILIES.  MY FAMILY DOES NOT SUPPORT ANYONE WHO SUPPORTS HIM.
Have you ever noticed how in all the pictures you post everybody pretty much looks the same?
And, Rob, where have you been for the last 6 year? Besides opposing .@realDonaldTrump & voting pro ACA, to stymie small Biz growth?

Who else hates the GOP's "skinny repeal" bill? Bipartisan governors from across the country. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/10-governors-including-republicans-against-obamacare-skinny-repeal-health-care/ …

Still haven't seen the GOP health care bill we are voting on. Is this really how the GOP wants to conduct business on people's health care?
GOP IS DOING THIS VOTE ON HC JUST TO DO IT. PLEASE VOTE NO!!!!! it's important enough to create a bill that all parties are part of
I'm terrified. PLEASE vote NO on HC bill. Write 1 that includes Dems /Independents PLEASE! Put people above ego/politics just this once
It appears that the small biz owners you meet with are involved in manufacturing.  Maybe they have the most powerful/wealthy lobbyists?
How much do businessmen have to pledge i  exchange for your support. I need to know so I can start saving up for you to protect/represent me
You don't care about the ppl of Ohio. We Will actively work against you in your Next Election! RINO'S Need Primaryed!  Fake Senator
#NoTrumpCare
maybe you should start supporting small business by getting rid of Obamacare like you promised #FlipFlopper
Vote no on skinny http://repeal.Show  us you care about the people of Ohio. Or show us where your loyalty really lies. #resign
The cost of uncovered health care destroys our economy so if you don't care about people's lives at least do what makes economic sense
But...where are you on healthcare?
when will you be meeting in Cleveland or nearby to talk with us?
#VoteNo on #SkinnyRepeal !!!!!!
Locking your Cincinnati office doors really? This isnt Russia!  This inly shows your priorities they are not peoples lives, its your party
Amen!
Hey Baby Killer, you're constant su king up to owners is the whole problem, why are you sharing this??
Vote NO on the skinny repeal today and then call for a more rational policy legislation process that starts with public hearings.
If these plans are so good for us, why are they being crafted in secret w/ hardly anyone knowing what's in them?  VOTE NO!
I find you beneath contempt. Proud to be working on your replacement! ●
Too bad you're not fighting for us. Did healthcare lobbyist get to you?
We need affordable coverage for preexisting conditions & Essential Health Benefits for ALL. Don't let us down.
With health reform vote, remember that ALZ is often a pre-existing condition and 1/4 of patients are on Medicaid.
ACA healthcare bill giving employees of small business access to insurance is also huge. Losing mine next yr cuz GOP upheaval
Save ACA. Vote no on the "skinny" flim flam plan
MILLIONS of Americans are counting on you to make our lives better, not worse. VOTE NO on 1% and PAC giveaway plans. STAND WITH US!
Portman is outta here...
Over 70% of Americans want a bipartisan fix to ACA, including 72% of independents.  No more political football.  VOTE NO on skinny repeal.
Did healthcare come up? The skinny bill which will deprive 16 million of healthcare and raise premiums by twenty percent? Vote no, fix ACA !
BS. Skinny repeal gets rid of mandates. That means people who are paying for it that don't want it. Mooches are safe
Seriously? Colleagues working to rewrite 1/6 of economy over lunch? Maybe you need to focus on that #KilltheBill
DON'T CAVE to KOCH's and PAC's. VOTE NO on skinny repeal and terrible plans. We want something better, NOT worse.
10 lucky people got ur audience. Dozens drove to DC for same respect to discuss healthcare and u blew them off. coward. @CbusIndivisible
no African American small biz owners in Ohio ?
You mean keeping your money men happy with their bribes to you.
I wish you'd fight for people instead of businesses.
Do you support Ohio's cancer patients in the same way? With the same zeal? Vote no on skinny repeal Rob. Ohioans want you to fix the ACA.
Whatever, you'll change your mind in two years anyway #RepealObamacare
