
You don't need to worry about any of this,  Portman. You won't be back to D.C. Due to ur "yes" vote on healthcare.
You have a gay son and can't say anything bad about Roy Moore who wants to make being gay illegal? Just to give the rich a tax break. Shame.
To be held in the offshore accounts of billionaires.
Sir . I think you speak for the very rich
How much $ goes to paying politicians who seem to forget who their employers are? #YouWork4Us #townhall #doyourjobrob
And how much extra will you pocket as a result of tax cuts on the wealthy? Enjoy your last term. Rob Portman-best senator money can buy....
Never forget this fact.  Portman = Trump
Look at Paul Ryan laughing at #TaxcutsForTheRich you are all weak men who only care about your selves #racist
This is just ANOTHER transfer of wealth from the working class & poor to the wealthy
SPINELESS @senrobportman has thrown his full support behind RACIST, BIGOT Roy Moore, so RICH can get MASSIVE TAX CUTS!!!

#MorallyBankrupt
Then rather than tax cuts, make it a rebate when corporations hire people.
https://twitter.com/briantashman/status/913182686914711553 … 
Rob Portman, who has a gay son, won't criticize Roy Moore, who wants to make being gay a crime, because taxes http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/27/roy-moore-senate-republicans-no-comment-243220 … 
How does raising the lowest bracket and lowering the top bracket do that? 
This is more "rob the poor to pay the rich" w/ lies abt jobs!
Wasn't it #Congress that gave corporations tax breaks for outsourcing back in the 90's helping to take jobs away?
No billionaire tax cut!
Horseshit! Never trust a Republican to do tax reform. 100% the richest people will benefit the most.
Democrats to , they are no longer for the working class
True, but enough of them are opposed to screwing over the poor & middle classes that we stand a much better chance voting for them.
I watched when you commented on Roy Moore. You said I think he is for tax reform. I don't know him. He wants all homosexuals to go to jail.
if there was ever a time for your to grow a spine its now. We are talking about your son, it should be personal for you. Support the dem.
How does your son feel about your lack of courage regarding Ray Moore’s views on homosexuality?

Or did he already know dad is a coward?
I think it’s pretty clear how popular this idea is(n’t).  Why don’t we discuss a plan that doesn’t rob the poor to feed the rich? #Jobs
This is what you always say.  Then you expand the debt.  Standing for the National Anthem isn't proof of love of country, paying taxes is!
LIES
Corporations don't reinvest in their employees; they hoard. Trickle down is a myth.
Start from the top down. Let the Trump family businesses stop buying their brand name products that they sell in this country from China.
Was there a moment at which you said, Yes, what I want to be when I grow up is the smiling face of class warfare?
Translation: I want to give corporate America & 1%ers tax cuts they don't need. Screw the middle class.
Fixed it for you #Pay4PlayRobPortman
Talk, Talk, Talk, Talk. No action!
Repeal citizens united should be part of this package!
Eliminate the tax break given to companies for moving things overseas? But the GOP opposed that in 2010!
Stop pushing corporate and millionaires welfare. This raises lowest individual rate and eliminates deductions middle class rely on.
Don't believe it & don't care. We need higher #taxes and decent government services. More $$ for #FEMA, #CDC, #healthcare! Not 3d world USA!
... while it adds 10 trillion in national debt!  Sad!
@senrobportman the average American is getting $650-1,000. How is that going to solve anything for a single working mother? #itsnotyoudummy
@senrobportman good try. It won't. Trickled down economics does not work!
Oh Rob, you really don't know how ont'l biz works, do you?  Sigh....
Did that happen with Reganomics? No.
#11 reform summed up by a billionaire with a conscience.
Rich Americans know they don't need a tax cut. They also know trickle-down economics is nonsense. Listen to @TomSteyer: 
Your mindless bullshit never ends.
Raise taxes on the wealthy. Lower taxes on those who will spend. The economy needs domestic spending. Trickle down and investing? Useless!
Well done Sir...
The entire scheme gives to the rich and takes from the middle class. SHAME!!!
I've waited and struggled patiently now is the time, time to change the status quo, time to give back. YES Trump's tax bill
those who are against are obviously falling for the same rhetoric by DEM'S that they have fell for over last 2 half decades.
this countries lower middle class is sick of working for others, we want our money we work hard for. Support Trump's plan.
sen.Portman do not listen to a failed party supported by people screaming for freebies. Time to take care of working class.
sick of Democrats screaming same old crap, "rich will benefit most" what? Obuma almost literally destroyed us but that's ok?
I'd say it not only can but it will. After 8yrs of a dismal 1.5% GDP a 1.5% jump would be fantastic. Support Trump's tax cut
Rob "Lead from Behind" Portman. Always silent on the tough issues, but out front for the photo ops. Ohio deserves better.
I am so happy that you are listening to President Trump, senator. Now, support him!
Get it done!
The "Tax Cuts for Trump" proposal released today would reduce Trump's 2005 taxes, the yr he leaked, by 85%, according to David Cay Johnston
Show me trumps taxes first
#TaxReform is getting the lower class to think the rich are benevolent piñatas, & if they have more $, will rain profits down on everyone.
Like Carrier? You handed them millions, and they did layoffs anyway, then said they'll automate that plant and eliminate more #jobs.
Wonderful...doesn’t hurt that as Senators and the wealthy in this country you will give yourselves a wonderful tax cut as well. #amiright
You mean giving corporations and the wealthy tax breaks? Because that worked so well for everyone else under other GOP admins.
Or maybe even gazillions??
#TaxReform can. But will THIS #taxreform ? Be honest, Rob.  We're watching. #Truth #Honesty #Integrity
Trickle down again I see. But your donors will be happy.
Tax reform is all about tax breaks for the rich. The GOP couldn't get them with fake health care bill. So tax reform. Good joke scammers.
So, Mr. (not really) Fiscal Conservative, the math doesn't work.  Now what?
Just like the healthcare reforms you guys keep suggesting are going to take better care of people for less money, right.
Your idea of #taxreform has failed in the past & fails the #KochTest #NotAPenny 4 the Kochs or their businesses. 
Your BS won't fly anymore
With all that money you would think that the senator would be in favor of Ohioans getting healthcare instead of losing it.
Nope. Killing the estate tax only helps the wealthiest Americans. Trumped up trickle down has never worked, Rob.
{{Citation Needed}}
Will Donald and Ivanka be bringing their overseas businesses back to America too? Just asking for a friend. 
You're not fooling us the Estate tax exemption only benefits millionaires & billionaires.
the only people you want "help" are your billionaire donors- you'll screw the rest of us over in a heartbeat- as usual
#PuertoRico Get them help! Send more FEMA personnel&GET this Ship MovingNow! Overturn Jones Act Now! STFU Abt taxbreaks4wealthy!HELP THEM!
You did such a great job at Taking away Healthcare, I was expecting most Breaks will be4 1%&Corps! Looks like I was right!
Give back the golfing money, illegal use of government planes by staff members that's a great refund
In the yachting industry
go ahead, keep telling yourself that...

Actually it has never worked in history to give businesses tax breaks. They don't create jobs. Just give the tax breaks to the middle class!
Are you saying that Trump and Ivanka are going to relocate their clothing manufacturing plants back to the USA?
It will certainly help billionaires buy a new private jet. Won’t help me. But at least the wealthiest will get fancier jets.
Corporate cooks their books and pays little of what they actually owe and they are still VERY RICH.  NO to trickle down!
You really believe that?
We need to see Trump's tax returns.
The GOP tax reform is nothing but a fleecing of the middle class.  As a single parent home owner I will pay more taxes!   Awful!!
This tax reform screws the middle class!
Where are they going to invest it? Factories run by robotics? A ploy to give the donor class big tax cuts good luck, we will be fighting U!
This is a fantasy! It will NEVER happen!
I'm one of you business owning constituents
... there is nothing set for the poor or middle class! What are the tax brackets? I didn't read about anything you said. ASK THE PEOPLE!!!!!
Lies
Your tax "reform" just adds two more generations trust fund kids. Tis not even conservative
Senator: UChicago economists say the tax plan is a windfall for millionaires and billionars at the expense of the middle class.
What happened to your campaign promise of managing the deficit?
The US government will LOSE TRILLIONS if passed. How, praytell, do you expect to actually run the government?
Sort of. Disingenuous to say so, at best. Last time corps used that money to reward stockholders. Very little investment in US workers
Yep!  Right into stock buybacks and dividend increases... just like last time!  Total Republican scam!!
As an Independent I voted for you.  I guess we all make mistakes... mine will last for another 7 years.  God help
Ohio!
I have already been educating my 14 year old about this no talent a$$ clown.  He will be replaced.
My 15 y/o keeps talking about when she votes for the next one.  #Hope

Not cute.
Trump doesn't even make his products here????  WTF
There's no evidence that this proposed plan will lead to more jobs and economic growth...
Sounds like u r just repeating #s @realDonaldTrump throws around. No guarantee tax reform brings $$$ back, or that it would b used for jobs.
That has been tried, too.  Tax dollars (at discounted rate) was nice.  But  money did not get invested.
It raises taxes on the poor and provides tax cuts for the rich.  Calling this reform is a joke.
You're trying to #RobthePoor with your #TrumpTaxScam. We're not dumb!
Cutting taxes for the rich has never produced for middle class Americans. Mid class has been stagnant since Reagan started this nonsense.
The amount of money ur buddies have oversea's is 2.5 trillion...
 Republicans have never cut taxes and it helped the country. Well the Rich it does.
Maybe we can all get jobs building yachts for the new American oligarchs! #MAGA
GOP trickle down.
Hopefully #YOURPOTUS will also bring back his & invest in 
yeah yeah. We get it. The Koch Payback Plan.
Screw the middle-class. 
Cut taxes for the 1%ers.
Koch you.
The rich spend less of their tax savings in the economy than the poor and middle class. No to tax cuts for Pass Through Corporations.
Forbes says you're a quack, trying to sell economic snake oil.
U know there's no guarantee of that. It "can," but it could very well not. Stop coddling big business. Don't they make enuf profits already?
I see a boom in  40,000 sq ft mega mansions coming, not family-supporting jobs.
Trickle down is best trickle, Robert!
In other words "invested" is code for tax breaks for the wealthy. If You want a robust economy give to the poor.  Instant financial boom!
We're not falling for it. We're smarter than you think. Keep ignoring us though.
Rob Portman is good at ignoring his constituents.   In fact he excels at it
good one bobby
“Tax reform” is hot hot Republican garbage and it makes me sick every time you use the concept to pretend to care about America.
Quack! There is no reasonable reason to believe those dollars will go towards employment. They haven't in the past. #moron
By “bring back” you mean “take away from programs like Medicare and Medicaid to pay for a tax cut,” right?

We know you want to give your donors a tax cut. You should let your constituents know just who those donors are. Here, let me help. 
Thank you for this! Another battle but we will work for justice for the hardworking people of OH!
