We agree on the Medicaid issue, but allowing insurers to offer plans that cost little & provide less is also unacceptable. Giving states...
...the "flexibility" to get rid of the clauses about preconditions and lifetime maximums hurts Ohioans. Raising premiums based on age...
...doesn't hurt the wealthy, but it does the middle class and the poor. Tax breaks don't help those near the poverty level; they don't...
...pay already because of their lack of a living wage. Billions in tax breaks for the ultra wealthy isn't good for Ohio. You have many...
...more reasons than just Medicaid to vote against this bill. Talk to the people you represent, not just those you handpick for photo-ops
Senator, youre part of the 13 who drafted this bill. There are human beings lives on the line. You care about heroin epidemic, so vote no.
Thank you
Thank you for standing up for all Ohioans. Let's keep this trend going!
The whole plan hurts the retired people ! Like we are nothing
You and the rest of this party better get your act together and support our President.  I am disgusted with the lack of support for thePresi
Thank you Senator. It's comforting to know that we Ohioans can count on you to stand up for us as soon as it becomes politically practical.
He's going to go on recess, come back, claim that the bill is fixed, not specify how, and then vote for it anyway. Book it. Done.
This is what he intends to do. We must make it politically terrible for him to do so. Engage his biggest donors? Call them out? #NoAHCA
Ya know what Rob? I heard that you made this statement and took this position AFTER @SenMajLdr pulled the bill and didn't allow a vote. Why?
lead the pack instead of following! get it done!
Why arent you addressing the greed of big Pharma and health providers gouging the American people? There's the skyrocketing cost issue.
There's so much more wrong about this bill than the heinous cuts to Medicare. Do not accept an opioid $$ payoff for a yes vote. #noAgeTax
Thank you, sir.
END the political elite health care advantages in the swamp until WE get our health care fixed-Are YOU RPORTMAN better than us???
REPEAL IT NOW! charlie gard is an example of socialized medicine-Ocare must go! U promised-i do not think voting No is brave
Trading peoples lives for huge tax breaks to the rich is not acceptable. Vote NO on this bill. Lives depend on it. Next election does too.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @WhiteHouse @JohnKasich  Thank you Senator. Make ACA better, or better yet - Medicare for all!
Please spare us the fake concern
Fake and after the fact when it didn't matter anymore concern.
please think of those who have no power
I am pleased with your current stand and pledge to defeat this awful bill. I understand that you want better choices for Ohio Keep fighting
You should have had this out last week
A terrible plan!
according to the constitution any of us can do your job and we are all equal-No vacations and NO health care for you!
Well you had are family s vote but now you will not we are done with you are Brown enjoy your seat why it last ohio spoke you didn't listen
The one you wrote????
Sen Portman, @realDonaldTrump is a master conman.Continue 2 OPPOSE Senate Health Care disaster. U must stick with @JohnKasich.
Women and children deserve better than GOP health bill. Put us above party.
Better get negotiating!You've had 8 years to work on getting this right. STOP the politics and political favors& do what's right for the USA
Your Employers request No August recess until you have a viable Healthcare plan for all.
Sen, I call you everyday & ask you for Town Hall but you don't respond.  Please do a TH in Toledo.  We want to talk w/ you about healthcare
THANK YOU THANK YOU. Please don't back down when merely cosmetic or only slight changes are made. Fix, don't repeal ACA.
Thank you again.
He wrote the bill along with Mitch and his minions!
You'll get bought off by some bullshit funds allocated to opiod problem while millions lose health care.
Thank you Senator, I am a constituent, and like many others follow your Healthcare position closely.
I would say 'Thank You' but it took you until after the current bill was turfed to say you opposed it. I like my Senators to have backbones.
Medicaid is not only problem, caps, more costs for seniors, tax cuts for rich, preexisting conditions, loop hole for large corporations more
How very brave of you! To come out against it after it was dead. I was just reading yest you didn't know what u we're doing. F'n politician
Were damn autocorrect
Remember, he spoke out only when he was safe and there was a delayed vote.
Appears drug addicts are now controlling legislation?  A look @ sentencing guidelines for dealers should be more than a slap on the hand
Thank you for voicing your opposition, although it would have been nice to hear sooner. I hope you continue to listen to your constituents.
Will you stand by that after leadership "tweaks" the bill? Seems like if McConnell needs your vote, he'll have it. Took long time to say no.
You insult us by thinking we won't realize the timeline of your opposition to the bill. Politics as usual.
I hope you don't use cosmetic changes as an excuse to betray your constituents just to save face with GOP elites + cut taxes for rich people
Wow Senator.
I would have given you more credit if you would have announced this BEFORE @SenateMajLdr delayed the vote because the bill was terrible.
This was posted over two hours after the bill was pulled from. You're a little late to the bandwagon here.
I applaud your position. I hope you are sincere in seeking better HC and not just window dressing a plan to cut taxes for the wealthy.
Thanks for doing the right thing for Ohioans.
Are you only now coming out opposed because the vote was delayed?  Will you still look out for Ohioans after the recess?
Thank you for opposing this bill which is bad for Ohioans. Now reach across the aisle to craft a bi-partisan solution for everyone.
Thank you Rob for standing up for us!
How about demanding the tax cuts for the top 1% be removed? This would ensure the vulnerable are looked after by saving Medicaid.
Too little too late Senator showing no courage in taking a stand before the delay. Very disappointing
Thank you!
You obviously didn't read any of it or the CBO report. The CBO said premiums will increase in this bill, not decrease as you state.
Thank you. Please also note that this plan does not address the skyrocketing premiums you mention - it exacerbates the problem.
Could you maybe say, "thousands of Ohioans called me to say no to this bill?" You work for us, Senator and for our children.
How about opposing eliminating people's health insurance rather than just a draft bill? We need leaders with moral courage.
Glad to hear you opposite it. There is alot wrong with it including the tax break for the rich
Thank you
Thank you. Pls understand that drug addiction is not the only problem Medicaid is essential for. Don't let the elderly and disabled down.
Sucks
Matthew 25 states "what you have done to the least of these,you have done to Me". So, are you a man of faith or a hypocrite?
Thank you for taking a stand to protect the health of Ohioans.  Please continue to put our health first. It will make America great.
You are the embodiment of #adaylateandadollarshort #townhallsnow #constituientsdeserveavoice #dotherighthing #yourjobisontheline 
Next, we need courage AFTER the recess!
Now you're talking!  And maybe even listening!
Thank you thank you thank you.
Thank you Senator. Please remain strong in the days and weeks to come. Protect Ohio. Protect Medicaid.
Thanks for stating your opposition to the bill. Please keep in mind not just those battling opioid addiction but all needing Medicaid
Thank you Senator. Please continue to oppose this bill. 28,600 dying every year if this bill is passed should keep anyone awake at night.
Thank you!  As your constituent, I am glad to hear that you oppose this bill.
I just signed lease to be your constituent. Happy to hear this news. Compared to my 2 current Sens who wrote this bill (WYO)
Opposing it after it's already delayed. Profile in courage 
Thank you Senator. No need to reinvent the wheel. Forget party lines and do what's right for Americans. Fix ACA.
Scared to have your name on a losing bill
Please please please don't be bought off by some 'special favor' to Ohio that McConnell throws in to sweeten the pot
Thank you
Thank you senator!
Thank you Senator Portman. Please work toward a single payer health care system with equity for all citizens.
Oh thank goodness! This made my day!
Is the @GOP  meeting with @POTUS  re: ACHA over, will u confirm on record u still do not support it. Want to make sure u weren't bought off.
YASSSSS Thank you!!
There really aren't any good parts to the senate draft.the answer is to fix aca and stop allowing insurance companies to much freedom
The "draft" will RAISE premiums for worse policies. You still have it wrong. We are still watching the progression. Town Hall for NE Ohio?
How courageous of you to come out against it after the vote had already been delayed!!!
Good start how about repairing the ACA or hey how about single payer
  Just a idea
#TrumpcaresUnAmerican #trumpdontcare
The American people have spoken and voted you in office to do a job let's get it done Obama care has to go.
Please don't listen to the noise we have to get rid of Obama care and the forced mandate. It's killing small businesses and is unaffordable.
I'm concerned about insurance costs for seniors. Will it be affordable? The last I heard, it was going to cost more. Please fix that.
And also make decisions on bills before they've been made for you.
You left out how they plan on reducing premiums. It is on the backs of the elderly, the working poor, and the disabled.
Please consider joining with a bi-partisan committee to re-write a bill that would enjoy broad support and achieve your goals.
Super.  Come up with something better than the ACA, or sit down and shut up.
Glad to see you support the people of Ohio!  Also glad to see you have the guts to stand up to the bully in the WH!
I hope you stand by this after the 4th of July break. All of Ohio is watching.
Access to affordable healthcare is aright. Both House &Senate versions of the "healthcare" bill r nothing more than more tax cuts for the 1%
Thank you the children and the disabled are so great full
Thank you so much for standing up for the people of Ohio!
Hmmmmmmmm  a little late
There are other probs with this bill beside the impact on opiate addiction. What abt lifetime and annual caps?
Appreciate the statement. But please don't vote yes in exchange for opioid funding. There is no coverage for essential benefits.
cut the shit, if you really cared about Ohioans you'd vote against any legislation that threatened any number of us with loss of coverage
you're weighing the needs of your $25 million worth of donors against a potential constituent uprising to boot your ass out of the Senate
I appreciate this but its disingenuous being on drafting commitee and your stance on opioids. And you declared after the bill was stalled.
Thank you!
@senrobportman thank you for putting people above party and continuing to work for good healthcare for all Ohioans.
Great start. Next is creating a single-payer healthcare system for the "greatest country in the world" so sick citizes don't go bankrupt.
Thanks.  Hoping you stick to this, Senator
Good for you, Senator Portman!! Way to go!!!! Thank you so much.
It's always good to be against something that won't see light of day!
Good. Now reach across the aisle and craft some legislation to fix the broken parts of #ACA #NoTrumpCare
Don't vote for that excuse of a health care draft.  seriously.  Your voters will die.
So when can we in Cincinnati expect a town hall to discuss the #AHCA and #opiodepidemic ?
Thank you, Senator. And I agree with @albertoxandrade that the bill can't be fixed with a few tweaks.
Reminder for everyone that Sen Portman was on the committee writing it
How brave of Rob Portman to take a stand at a time when it means SHIT-ALL!
My guess is he wants MORE vets and seniors to suffer.
Thank you - thank you - thank you. Please go back to the drawing board and create a healthcare system that promotes life and not profit
Why don't you oppose your traitorous and cruel President.
Whatever your reasons, thank you for deciding to protect your constituents from that immoral bill.
Thank you Senator
THANK YOU! Please also commit to NO Medicaid cuts for seniors, disabled & children; NO lifetime limits.
Coward.  You helped write this. If you want to help Ohioans fund the ACA and start working on single payer.
I urge you to get input from Ohio's most vulnerable citizens directly so we can tell you what our needs are.
Thank you Senator. Please understand that this bill is not a few tweaks away for being good for Ohio. It is fundamentally unsound.
Thank you for doing the right thing and having the integrity to do so. Fix what is broken and protect human beings!
Thank you!
Thank you! Don't allow yourself to be bought and paid for. These are real lives of Ohioans. #Universalhealthcareforall
Thank you! Please continue to represent us Ohioans who would be hurt by this bill or similar legislation.
This is a start, but Ohioans count on you for real leadership, which includes statements of opposition BEFORE votes are cancelled.
.@senrobportman This is the right, brave and moral decision for all Americans. Thank you.
The bill in it's current state is a disgrace.  We see that you want bipartisan dealing.  Go for it.
Good. You still have my vote. Keep opposing this bill.
Thank you
I am happy with your final decison This bill has real consequences, so please stop playing political chicken and help kill it completely.
Senator thank you for standing up for Ohioians. Keep fighting for a better bill
Hey, how about fixing the ACA instead of drafting a new "Mitch McConnell" one though??
Wealthcare is a bad idea.  Letting insurance company's have caps, tax breaks for rich, and throwing people off is not the way to fix it.
Thank you, Rob Portman. I do not think you should be afraid of a universal, single payor healthcare system. Look into the future. Be Bold!
Throw it out. Start w/ACA & work with Dems@ to improve and work toward medicare for all!
Good decision, Senator, thanks.
45402 Reg voter. Thank you Sen for opposing this--ACA needs fixed, not scrapped.
Thank you Senator
Laughing at all the comments thanking this man 4 opposing bill. HE HELPED WRITE IT.  Wanted 2 get something 4 changing vote 2 support it
We are watching this closely sir...do not betray the Ohio middle class. I will go to my grave opposing u if u do not stand up now!
All hospitals, doctors, nurses professional associations are opposed to this "health care" bill. Rubbish...Trash..Death..
Do NOT repeal. Don't let anyone LOSE their healthcare coverage, but improve Obamacare instead
Good job Senator Portman. You are putting people first. Please no side deals just to get a "yes" vote.
Why did you wait until AFTER the delay was announced? Your voice should've been heard before long before now about this horrible bill.
Sir, why would u oppose a bill YOU HELPED WRITE? You can duck this all u want but we will remind EVERYONE in ohio of your part in this
Thank you!
You should have been out front on this. Not taking cover behind others who went before you. Taking 3rd most $$$ from ins lobby hold you up?
Shove it, Bob.
Thank you for this statement, Senator.
brave to release this after the bill's delay! so proud that you represent my state! 
Thanks for coming out against the #BCRA. Now, be a true leader and work with ALL MoCs to fix the ACA. #Bipartisanship
It's too bad you didn't speak out against #BCRA BEFORE the Senate delayed it's vote, but #BetterLateThanNever
When white folks are drug addicts the GOP likes treatment.  Otherwise jail is goid enough.
Thank you, Senator, for remembering Ohioans. But don't waver. It's not enough to oppose the "current draft". This bill needs to die.
I'm glad you were able to get to the right decision but you should have gotten there sooner.  This was a horrible bill.
Remember a seemingly healthy face like this is why #BCRA doesn't work!! #FixACA #HealthcareMatters
The above face can turn into the attached scenario is the blink of an eye. #PreexistingConditions #HealthcareMatters
We are all 1 second away from getting a disability /life turns on a dime
I am glad you now oppose the Republican bill. Don't cave in to McConnell after the holiday. Do not repeal the ACA. Work to improve it.
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to fight for Ohio's vulnerable going forward. We will be watching. 45415 #MendDontEndACA
You have hx of working bipartisan. Please step up & lead your colleagues in workable legislation that benefits all people-NOT INS/PHARMA
Press for public hearings with experts in med/psych, health policy, insurance, Pharm, and general public. Work together to #MendDontEndACA
End result should be most beneficial for most vulnerable, not leave anyone out,and not excessively pad anyone's pockets (rich,ins,pharma)
^^^ #FantasyUSA ^^^
So proud of your bravery to come out against one of the most cruel bills in history AFTER a vote was cancelled. True american hero. 
using coded language to say he doesn't support "current version". Rest assured he'll step in line @ voting time! #KeepCalling
Thank for @senrobportman! Keep your party accountable! Ohioans need Healthcare!
The people of the State of Ohio are looking to you to get it right. This bill is not even close to that.
Thx for putting Ohioans first in this first step to stopping attacks on working people. Let's work to ensure all Ohioans have healthcare
.Thank you for listening to your constituents! Now, when can we talk about a #UniversalHealthCare system? We're free next week, like you!
Thank you! Please protect people w/ preexisting conditions.The reintroduction of annual/lifetime spending caps would be devastating to many.
Minor fixes to this abomination won’t achieve your goals. Will you have a town hall to discuss the way forward with your constituents?
I know I'd definitely like to know when a Cincy townhall is happening and so would @cstevens338
Heck yeah!
This bill does not "promising changes to reduce premiums in the individual insurance market". Some get cheaper coverage; many pay more.
Did you see what happened to counties in WA State who had no insurers on the ACA? The state signed up new ones.

There is no death spiral.
Thanks Ohio. Please keep up the resistance!
Thank you for opposing the bill you helped write after Mitch decided it wouldn't pass. You're a real profile in courage. SAD!!!
Now you can speak out after it has been delayed. You are weak and only do what benefits you. Remember 2018. Never getting my vote ever again
Thank you Sen Portman for listening to your constituents. #noonhealthbill #nowgetridof45
Would you mind elaborating on how you think this will lower premiums on the individual market? All analysis I've read indicates opposite.
He obviously failed math. And economics.
Vote NO on the next iteration of this monstrosity.
Thank you
And thank you for not supporting a plan that cuts Medicaid so drastically.
Look into the possibility employers will stop offering insurance as a benefit since no longer required or offer useless plans
Thank you!
Must not be enough money it in for ya.
On the one hand I'm thankful that my elected officials are in opposition to this. On the other, why did it take you so goddamned long?
Bravo. You have made the right choice for Ohioans today.
Remove the ability of lifetime maximums  PLEASE. Those are financial destruction to a lot of families
That's a start. Why not work with members from BOTH parties to make healthcare fair? Good health isn't a GOP or Dem issue.
I want to this more than once! We're part of the individual market. Over 50 yrs and we're healthy. We pay $14400 with $7000 deductible.
It's really high + kid in college, small business owners, it's squeezing us. We also care about other Ohioans! The greatest improvement--
For many Americans/Ohioans would be to not worry about healthcare! People would be free to be entrepreneurs and work where they want!
Healthy productive workforce is good for our state and country! Taking care of poor and elderly sick is the right and good thing to do!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you, Senator Portman!!
Robbie the lowly coward, only finds his position after Party decides to postpone.
Finally you speak! Where was the courage of your convictions before they tabled the vote? Man up and do what is right for Ohioans!
Thank you senator!!
Did you write this on the bus? U r one of the 13 special dudes who WROTE the damn thing. So brave to oppose it when it's politically toxic.
That you don't understand both the dire need to pass the bill and that your requirements can't be met in a reconciliation bill is duly noted
