The Senate's healthcare bill will hang all those out to dry not to mention children,elderly,poor,low income families.
.@senrobportman the devestation by Trumpcare is real. People in every zipcode will lose health care. Only the rich will get a tax break
So don't defund Medicaid, which provides care for those devastated lives! Vote no on the Senate bill!
#trumpcare removes funding for these efforts.  Please vote no on Trump care.  People, country, over greed and politics.
Not real enough to keep funding heathcare to those addicted? $382,100 from insurance and pharma to let Ohians suffer?
Rob's answer to the opiod crisis is to strip addicts of healthcare and stop mail coming from foreign countries. He is bad for Ohio health.
Rob; unfortunately the GOP does not care what you think about the opioid crisis. Read the health-care bill. How could they possibly care?
Ohioans will need to solve this problem without assistance from conservatives in Washington. We are on our own. Everyone is on their own.
In case you don't realize it opioid addiction is a pre-existing condition and as such will eliminate a person's ability to obtain insurance.
T2P:Your thinking on the healthcare legislation is very sloppy. I understand you want to satisfied long-held beliefs. New thinking required!

Well then you better vote no on the garbage healthcare bill you just that you've been working so hard on. #TrumpCare #WomenHater #OhioHater
Then you need to vote no on the healthcare bill.
Where can I find a chart that shows how much my tax cut will be? This is very exciting.....
Listen to your constituents.  Leave Medicaid funding in place.  Ohio is the center of this epidemic so don't follow pied piper Mitch.
And cutting Medicaid will not help!   Vote no!
you'll oppose the healthcare cuts, right? Because otherwise these people won't get better.
Rob, don't vote for Trump care, if you do it will be political assassination for you. You will never get re-elected again. NEVER AGAIN!!!
Get repeal/replace done or obama care will stay and single payer will be next stop! Get pragmatic! More changes in round 2. GOP in control
The devastation that would be caused by the Senate healthcare bill is real. As a person w/ a serious preexisting condition I am terrified.
It is.  Which is one of the many reasons you must not vote for the AHCA
Vote No on this healthcare bill!!
You know what would be so cool? If you actually how a town hall meeting to discuss...anything.
How would you defend "phasing out" Medicaid for people making < $16,400/year? Where do they go? Dont pretend AHCA depravity can be tweaked.
It is devastating. Families need local hospitals and mental health providers to recover. And they NEED Medicaid to do be there #NoCutsNoCaps
Shallow words unless you vote no on the senate Health Care bill.
Where's the money to fight this coming from? NOT the killer health bill before the Senate!
When, not if, the # of opioid deaths explodes because of the AHCA, please don't put on that "I never imagined!" stuff. It's plain as day.
Sen. Portman, I had the pleasure of mtg you at opening of NURFC. I genuinely don't believe you can vote for the Senate #WealthTransferBill.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoTrumpCare
No #NoBCRA #nobc #StopTrumpCare
Then vote no on ACHA. I from your district. Don't forsake us by approving this bill!
This is why you must vote #noAHCA and please protect your constituency
So, vote for Trumpcare and Trump's budget and make it worse?
please vote no on the ahca on the grounds it doesn't provide enough for addiction recovery
If you truly cared about tackling the #opioidcrisis you would say No to this horrible health care bill & listen to your constituents
God bless this land and save those that cannnot save themselves.
This is true and Medicaid is the lifeline for people with addictions.
More reason to vote no. People will literally die and you're on the fence? My sister is disabled and will suffer if it passes. She votes, 2.
given that, how can you possibly vote for the new Republican healthcare bill, which will cut Medicaid.
Truth to Power: The GOP leadership does not care about the opioid crisis. Need evidence? Read the GOP's proposed Healthcare legislation.
Truth: GOP leadership wishes all the opioid addicted people were dead. They do not care about these people. They only care about the money.
T2P: The GOP leadership is not concerned with the ill, the infirmed, the suffering child. Their motives are selfish and self-serving. Liars!
Please stand up + vote no on Medicaid repeal.
So vote no!  Think of all Ohioans - including those with autism like my son - who would be adversely affected in so may ways!!
And you tweet about all star game voting. What a joke
And the health care bill you drafted behind closed doors slashes funding for AoD treatment. Why?
Then don't vote for a healthcare bill that doesn't provide treatment for those people suffering from addiction! @senrobportman

Hope you are a "no" vote on the Senate health care bill then.
Great to acknowledge but what are you going to do abt it? Cut taxes for rich by cutting health services for addicts and mentally ill?
Support Medicaid funding and vote no to BCRA. Medicaid provides mental health and substance abuse treatment. Help Ohio.
So let's make sure affordable health care is also available in all those places, right? #SaveMedicaid #SaveOurCare #NoTrumpCare
Please Do not vote for this health non care bill!
Do not allow your party to gut health care (TREATMENT!) for poorer Ohioans. Some zip codes can afford treatment. Others just can't.
@senrobportman vote NO on AHCA. This bill is not in Ohio's best interest
...then vote NO on AHCA!! Care more about your state than tribalism.
Yes, the opioidcrisis is real. So is the fact the the health care bill will deny millions coverage. Man up Senator Portman. Speak out. No!
Please vote no on the Senate Healthcare Bill, Ohio is looking for your leadership
Fighting drugs by cutting healthcare. Really? 
We're not stupid, but you must be.
Then why would you support the health care bill YOU designed? Cuts benefits for Medicaid that provides help for opioid addiction
Truly-vote yes on healthcare bill and your credibility on this issue will be completely void. Could no longer be taken serious on issue.
This is why we can't repeal ACA or cut Medicaid. Vote no, please Senator. #NoAHCA
How will we pay for any of this Senator? Will Ohioans have their taxes raised, services cut or both? Do you care? Vote No!
Good article. Addicts are on the streets every day in Cincinnati. VOTE NO to continue to get needed help for these people. You must VOTE NO!
It will get so, so much worse if this terrible healthcare bill is passed. Don't be bought by tokens of treatment, it needs long term help
If you vote yes, this will be the end of career.  I will begin immediately working towards ensuring you do not get reelected.
Then why the hell are you cutting out the Medicaid benefits to help addicted Ohioans?
Marietta and Belpre are hit so hard by this. Trumpcare will only make it worse. Save Buckeye lives, vote no.
It's not enough to talk the talk. You need to walk the walk. Your vote on #Trumpcare will reveal where you really stand on opioid crisis.
What are you doing? Vote no - #VoteNoACHA
#AHCA is a #deathbill Your YES vote will kill Ohioans and your career. It's that simple. @CbusIndivisible @OhioDistrict12
Then do the right thing: vote NO on BCRA to prevent Medicaid cuts in OH #ProtectOurCare
Then don't support AHCA, which makes it harder for opioid abusers to get help.
Please vote no on AHCA.  I'm sure you're aware by now that this crisis will get far worse with the cuts to Medicaid, among everything else
Sir, this reason alone is enough to reject the AHCA. Your constituents could not be saying it more clearly: reject the bill.
Let hope you remember these people when you vote on AHCA #TrumpCare VOTE NO!! #VoteNoAHCA
So, you're going to vote for a #Trumpcare bill that makes things worse?  Talk is cheap, and it doesn't help deal with the opioid crisis.
Hate to break it to you Sen, but an extra 24 beds or measly one-time couple billion $ won't do shit relative to the harm #BCRA would cause
Senator, your leadership in the fight against opioid crisis is admirable. Ohio expects similar logic to protect Medicaid with a no vote
AHCA will make it worse. Vote no.
And your solution is to gut the program that's currently addressing it best? Newsflash, not many addicts have employer sponsored insurance.
How can you so passionately voice your concern over the opioid crisis but support a Senate bill to kill funding for treatment? #hypocrite
And the senate healthcare bill will worsen the devastation. Vote no on this bill.
This is one of the MANY reasons why the Senate healthcare bill is #Bad4Ohio.
And for that and so many other reasons, now is not the time tp weaken Medicaid or the Medicaid expansion.
The GOP "health care" bill will make it much worse, so make sure you vote NO on that thing.
We will see how you truly feel when you vote on healthcare. Please do what's right. #CountryOverParty
The AHCA only funds fighting the opioid crisis for one year. It provides no treatment under Medicaid. Vote NO.
As it is, AHCA will make things worse.
People with mental illness are gonna have their treatment stopped, and a country filled with guns. Smart move..vote NO!
Senator, please keep this issue in front of the Senate. Thank you.
No cuts to Medicaid!
One of many reasons why you must oppose the Senate "healthcare" bill.Please don't take insurance away from Ohioans.We beg you
Vote "NO" on Senate Wealthcare.  This should be a clear party or people vote.  Please do not let us down.
You have to know that a yes vote on TrumpCare would be devastating to these struggling Ohioans.  I expect your vote to reflect that. Vote NO
I hope you stand strong to make sure there is guaranteed coverage for drug rehabilitation. Be a man of principle.
With this statement you cannot support #Trumpcare #TrumpCareCutsMedicaid
Your leadership is needed now more than ever Sen. Portman. Don't let this bad ACA bill sail through the senate. People are watching & dying

That's why you must VOTE NO on the AHCA bill. The only thing worse than this crisis, is this crisis with no viable options for recovery.
The devastation caused by the #AHCA will be real.
So vote #NoOnAHCA
So you are voting NO on the health bill which removes Medicaid coverage by 2024?
Then please vote NO on this deadly healthcare bill. PLEASE read what your constituents are posting. To fight crisis we need ACA.
Hint:  they are being prescribed by doctors  & then being  re-sold on the streets.
The extra access to doctors makes it easy for people to get scripts for drugs that help you get high & to sell a high to others
O care has helped the average Joe & poor peeps become a drug dealer
Please do not cut Medicaid funding which helps fight addiction.
PLEASE vote NO! on health care bill.
The AHCA you helped put together and support is equally devastating. Prove us wrong and #votenoahca
Support the ACA, reject AHCA & BCA
The Senate Wealthcare bill hurts the exact people you experiencing this, "devastation."  What's your vote.  Say something not platitudes.
Then please vote against the health care bill!
Kill more people by taking away their health insurance.... but ya there's a drug problem. #killthebill #voteno
You should vote NO on healthcare if you want us to believe you care about opioid crisis. If you vote yes, you're just a phony liar.
.@senrobportman thank you for recognising the deadly repercussions of the BCRA. It will take incredible strength and integrity to oppose it.
You mentioned #Medicaid, but many more of those ppl will die if Medicaid is cut. To help, you must vote NO on the BCRA. #ProtectOurCare
You are fighting a good fight. But talk to us about this healthcare bill! #uniteforOH @JohnKasich @SenSherrodBrown
vs."Senator hacking away health coverage finds thousands of dead citizens across his state." Why #pander @senrobportman? Sell out honestly.
Say no to #TrumpCare then.
#TrumpcareKills will only make it worse.
28% of Ohio's 2016 spend on addiction was derived from Medicaid expansion! Pls allow this effective strategy to continue! Vote No on BCRA.
You must vote No on Trumpcare/ACA-repeal if you are sincere in addressing the opioid crisis.
The senate bill takes funds from opioid abuse treatment centers. Unless you plan on voting against the bill don't act like you care
Don't fake interest and think you can support Medicaid devastation bill.Put trillion in care for middle class or back in pockets of rich .
Yes. That devastation will be extremely real if the current HC bill is made into law. Please Vote NO on the AHCA. All people matter!
And the Trump agenda helps this how? A couple of meetings with the ever sleeveless Ivanka? Shame on you. I used to respect you.
#NoAHCA
It IS real and we're going to need the Medicare and Medicaid $ your monstrous "healthcare" bill would take away from the fight. VOTE NO!
You thought Obamacare was "Rammed through Congress." Will you hold this Bill to your own standards - or were you lying?
I live in Milford, OH. Please vote no on the AHCA.  It guts Medicaid and will have a devastating effect on the addicted. Do what's right.
We need Medicaid funding to fight addiction. Vote no.
One of the "amendments" this week will be funding for the opioid crisis so Portman looks like a hero to make it appear less of a disaster.
That atrocity of a health care bill will not help you in this fight.  Let me hear you say Nay, senator.
Then vote NO on Trumpcare - that's how you show how important the opioid crisis is to you
#NoAHCA then. Don't continue to abdicate responsibility and rely on Band-Aids to solve major issues.
And how do you think cuts to Medicaid would affect these populations???
Yet @realDonaldTrump concern? "HC colluded w the Dems in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie"
Sherrod Brown held Town Halls to support the Bill he voted for. If you vote, will you have the courage to do the same?
Then why did you help write a health care bill that massively reduces the federal money to fight this crisis?
If you really care about your his, you must vote no on the Senate health bill. Implementation would devastate opioid treatment.
Blame Kasich! He is not cracking down on Drug sellers and users!
Decades of that approach to drug problems shows it is not the answer.
How would you know being a Troll from Spain!
Why would you consider voting for a bill that would make this real devastation even worse? If you actually care, you'll vote against it.
These are great measures, but if you pass #republicancare there will be less medical care for the opioid crises, not more. Please vote No.
Supporting the Senate health bill is not going to help. Don't be a coward. Stand up for Ohioans and Americans. #opioid #Ohio
Then you MUST vot #NoAHCA
Vote NO on the Senate Health Care Bill, it is wrong for Ohio & the country.
@senrobportman If you care you will not go forward with this disastrous health care bill. If you do, this will be your last term
If you care about the #opioidcrisis in #Ohio then #ProtectOurCare. @JohnKasich  and @SherrodBrown both know the #HealthcareBill is toxic.
And #TrumpCare will make it all worse
What is your interpretation of #Medicaid under the new bill? #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #NoAHCA
.@SenatorCollins to @GStephanopoulos: "The Senate bill is going to have more impact on the Medicaid program than even the House bill." 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
Your plans are evil sir. #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Yeah, @senrobportman is voting for the Senate bill. He's going to get some money for opiod addiction, declare victory, and reward the Kochs.
Yup. If it's a choice between doing the right thing for his constituents & doing the bidding of the Kochs, Kochs win every time
And yet with cuts to Medicaid from your Senate Trumpcare Bill, how is that going to help Ohioians?
Call @senrobportman's office phone numbers:
DC 202-224-3353
Cincinnati 513-684-3265
Cleveland 216-522-7095
Toledo 419-259-3895
#Trumpcare
Then support strong Medicaid funding and vote no! 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NOCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
150% of poverty= $9/hr for 40 hrs/wk. $6000=ONE THIRD of pre-tax income. So, choice becomes hc or rent, hc or food. #BCRA https://twitter.com/larry_levitt/status/878605553705943040 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
Need quality Healthcare for all to effectively deal with it, Rob. Vote no on the Death bill. 
Ok perfect we're on the same page. Note no on this healthcare bill then obviously
