Revenge on Obama care. Is it perfect , no! Why can't it be fixed. As a person in recovery, what's happens to all your work & the people
I continue to believe you and the rest of DC are too scared or corrupt to address the real problem of medical monopolies
Thank you Senator Portman.  We can accept changes but not ones that will hurt people who rely on this program.  Single payer??
THANK YOU for caring more about the public than about your party.
The GOP bill gives these people $$$ up front to buy real coverage like the rest of us instead of dumping them into Medicaid.
$$$. That's the same 25-35 dollars for an entree? Right?
No, it's plenty to buy a real insurance plan.
This bill will destroy small business in Ohio. As a small biz owner that survived breast cancer the AHCA will destroy my biz and my life.
Good, so vote no!
Getting treatment for substance abuse, I'm truly afraid for all of us. This is life or death, not a political game! Come to a town hall mtg
Incidentally, Medicaid doesn't adequately protect the Medicaid expansion population, either.
Will you vote against it?
show that you care about Ohio lives w/ actions, not words. currently all the focus in on #2018, but your actions now will matter in 2022.
As some1 w/preexisting conditions if you vote yes even w/my family on Employer Ins my kids will be homeless. No1 can afford 30,000yr+ copay
Ok will the 1% can be not the other 99%
But you will vote for it anyway. Party before Country. Win for Trump before the needs of your Constituents.
No it does not. But how does anyone really know, when nobody has actually read it.
You blew up the budget with Medicaid.  You think the feds are going to bail you out. NOT! Tax cigs  $7/Pk, tax alcohol  $1.00/0z, tax pop.
It's rare for me to like one of your tweets. Thank you for your sanity on this issue.
Pre-existing conditions to, the older already r getting the shaft with high cost. Must work with Democrats on this. Enough with the games!!
This bill is horrible. What is it with your Republican party wanting to take health care away . They don't care about us, it's about
Glad to see this. I hope you continue to fight for the least of us. After all it is actuallu what Jesus would do
I Know those people didn't give you the kind of cash @BetsyDeVos did... But they need help.
Then you'd better vote no for AHCA. It puts anyone with a medical condition at risk.
when the intention & the focus of healthcare = profits, it will never be affordable

UK is the single payer model
What would you know, tubby. You're part of the problem.  Lay off the donuts, get off the couch, take care of yourself, be a MAN not tit sukr
Fine. But there are related concerns I have tried to discuss in a civil manner with your staff only to be dismissed by them. WHY? RU afraid?
I hope you continue to put country above party, or explain how 800M transfer from medicare to top 2% is good for USA. HOR did not explain
It doesn't come close, you know we need coverage to help fight this Opioid crisis as well, we can't have Americans not covered.
Healthcare should be a right , not the right to have access to it. I would have died without the Medicaid expansion, I worry for those with
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
We count on senators to stand up for ordinary Americans. These are real people affected! House GOP disappointed me deeply with bad bill.
So that's a NO from you?
How about their coverage for those dealing with opioid addiction?
Thanks.
I look forward to a no vote from you.
I respect you Senator. I would appreciate if you did not pass the bill in its current form. Sd- A swing voter
Medicaid expansion literally saved a loved one's life. Basing the value of a human life on ability to pay for care is CRUEL. #VoteNoAHCA
That is just one of many flaws. No person with a heart can support this disgusting bill #noAHCA
Shame
That is one major issue, there are so many others. It totally hits pre-existing conditions and essential health benefits. #NoAHCA
Thank you for your continued effort to seek a more viable solution than the House plan.
Thank you, Senator Portman.
Nor does it protect women or anyone with a pre-existing condition. And the list of pre-existing conditions is so vast, that's all of us.
Health care is too complex for this type of bad legislation. Goal was to improve competition to drive down costs. Fix the total system.
This is your moral obligation! I will not pat you on the back.
Thank you! Finally, something we can agree about!
The only thing that will get repealed and replaced will be the supporters of this bill come election time.
What kind of republican favors medicaid expansion except one trying to buy their constituents votes #shame
I hope you're primaried then
If you really care for the vulnerable populations in Ohio and the opiate crisis you will #VoteNoAHCA.
Looking forward to your NO vote on this one!
We didn't need the expansion in the first place.  Everything in life is not free
How about not expanding government programs and shrinking the scope and size of said govt... you know republican/ conservative principles
I hope that means you plan on voting NO!
You must vote #NO one #ahca it will hurt #Americans #voteno or loose your job
Please stand up for the people of Ohio and vote against this disastrous health care bill.
The American people are counting on the Senate to correct this. It's going to drive an even bigger wedge thru our country. #fixit
Failure on your part to fight this will be just another nail in the coffin. #DoYourJob #PitchforksAreComing
thank you for being a voice of reason!  Gov should Fix the ACA and stop the using healthcare for politics!
Did you vote no?
Please don't change your position not even for a sweetheart deal.Seniors, poor, people with pre-existing conditions need you.
Hmmmm doesn't seem to protect women. ....at all!  Regardless of income-EVERYONE should be covered.
The Senate needs to do something thoughtful rather than trying to score political points. Americans shouldn't have to worry about coverage.
Good policy not politics!  Thanks, Senator Portman.
Good for you--at least one GOP has moral values.
So you voted for it?
Then don't pass it!
Then stand against it when it gets to the Senate. And please no platitudes.
Better yet work on getting bringing jobs and a robot economy so that they don't have to depend on Medicaid 
It does not adequately protect anything except tax cuts for the rich.
cc: House Republicans
ACA opened a Pandora's box that will cost trillions on a path to gov health coverage where lawyers make more than doctors
So you give billions to rich insurance companies who put 5000 dollar deductibles so they never have to pay out and poor avoid doctor.
It doesn't and you better remember that whole Ryan trump health care is going to destroy all of us.
Is that the only thing you don't like about this bill? There's plenty of other reasons to vote no.
What matters is that he's voting no!
It hasn't helped that Kasich has spent years handing out that sweet sweet government cheese. Should try maybe being conservative.
I think Portman and Kasich reflect conservative ideals far better than the House or the President.
TIL agreeing with Pelosi = conservative ideals.
Then let Ohio pay the bill, tax your citizens for the services you want to steal from others and give to others for votes
I continue to believe you are a dishonest disaster and fail to represent the great people of Ohio. I pray you will fail in next election!
You are right!!  Please stick to your guns (so to speak).  We are behind your NO vote on the AHCA as it currently stands.
Get the insurance lobbyist out of our govt. Their profit margin has to do with as many votes as they can buy. Tired of them buying our govt
Way out on the limb there, Robbie.

http://www.eTruePolitics.com  #AHCA #Ohio #Trumpcare #SocialDarwinism #JimRenacci #ohiodemocrats #GOP #p2
And when this bill goes to the Senate, you won't cave...right? You'll be strong, right? Right?
Trumpcare, when the numbers come out will absolutely decimate the elderly and low income families.
Then you must vote NO.
Glad we agree on this. Please stand by your words with a vote against #trumpcare.
What is your position on this goodbye healthcare
You are correct. Pls do not support this bill!!
I'll go ahead and put you down in the NO column then.  Thanks.
Thx
My @RepLoudermilk just voted for #AHCA to strip away strong legal #ACA Protections to affordable care for us
#GetItRight @SenAlexander
How much $s will it cost to buy your vote? @potus is VERY RICH, he says! #BoughtAndPaidForPortman. No worries @GOP he'll sellout.
But I BELIEVE you will vote to pass it in the Senate. Because erasing Obama's legacy is so important 2 your ego!
TY for rejecting current bill. It's not just Medicaid expansion & addiction tx. Protect pregnancy & all pre-existing conds!!
That's your only concern with the bill? So, preexisting conditions and lifetime caps get your thumbs up?
Do what's right...please don't succumb to party pressure.
DUH!
I want to believe you but you've proven your vote is for sale. Sad
Hmm.. how much money it will take for you to change your mind and help the deplorable 'freedom' caucus pass the new version of Trumpcare
Rob whose fault is tht? John Kasich ur Govenor THT WAS SO SELF ABSORBED & FIXATED ON RUNNING 4POTUS DECIDED 2 TAKE THE MEDICAID FUNDS/OBNOXS
Your words are meaningless without action
Or anyone's, Congressman.  Too bad more of ur colleagues voted based on something other than their constituent's phys & financial health.
They have to draft their own bill cause this one sucks so much
based on all I learned in 25+ yrs in health care insurance & financing, AHCA at best exacerbates the problems, more likely causes chaos
It doesn't protect any of *America's* Medicaid population & that winds up hurting the nation, including Ohio
And u voted for it why then?  #byebobbie
Thank you for sticking up for the most vulnerable... stay strong
He voted for the ACHA, The only thing he  is sticking up for is a tax cut funded by the most vulnerable
He hasn't voted for anything yet, he's a senator
Duh thinking of Rob Wittman, my bad
No worries 
Why, pray tell, did you support Price's appointment? Two faced and not worried because your seat isn't up in 2018?
Gee, @senrobportman, ya think?
You'll be remembered next election, another republican sell out! You are an accomplice of Trump's tyranny!
So Senator, will you be able to resist voting yes in exchange for a inconsequential additional $ amt like your House buddies?
I'm down to 1 insurance co & that co says they may pull out at end if 17. Premiums& deductible crazy high. It's insurance I can't use!!!
Continue the Good Fight. #VoteNoAHCA
Vote no on the current #AHCA. Medicaid cuts hurt schools!
Thank you for voting against this
So we can count on your vote against it?
Or a lot of others.
Ya think?  It's a giant tax giveaway that strips health insurance from 26 million Americans. It is opposed by more than 70% of the public.
Everyone is important,  but everyone is better when they have a job. Health insurance is better, life incentives are better, hope is better!
Thank you, Senator Portman! Also, proud of rep Mike Turner, a great American like you.
Ohio should NOT have taken the medicaid money. Government does not have blank checks. Too many ppl r on medicaid
You're party seems to have plenty of $ for war and tax cuts for Wall Street
A step in the right direction Now do better and protect health care for all
Vote no on AHCA!
This I expect you will do the right thing for Ohioans and give this turd sandwich a big ol' fn NO!
Because it doesn't..
It doesn't! @RepBillJohnson didn't understand that, but we'll remind him in the next election. #CountryOverParty
Thank you.
Obamacare must be repealed!! #MAGA
Then please vote no. #VoteNO #VoteNoAHCA
No shit.
It's a mess.  The Republican party supports only money.
I couldn't agree more pls protect the most vulnerable #protect aca
among so many other problems
capitalism in healthcare = bad

UnitedHealth And Optum Profits Rise Despite ACA's Political Uncertainties
This is one area in which we are in total agreement.
Thank you, Senator.
