The only tax reform you are looking for is the one that bleeds your constituents dry and makes your bank account bigger.
#TaxReform just as long as you RAISE the tax on the rich like POTUS spoke of recently
Fund renewable energy, innovation in art/tech/culture & grass roots entrepreneurs. Fund clinics. Fund healthcare. We don't need more yachts.
Cutting taxes for the rich is a scam. Trickle down economics only benefits the rich. You're a shill.
But for last 5 yrs economy has grown, jobs created, wages are rising slowly, etc. so why do we need reform?
Yes but not what you are planning 15% to everyone. No loopholes, credits or tricks. Would do it. 1% social security increase. Leave it alone
No to trickle-down econ. Deficit hypocrites. Reform is a misnomer--this is just going to be tax cuts for the rich. Saw this movie before.
No, the GOP version of #TaxReform is a gift to the rich, as always. #TrickleDownEconomics is a lie, and always has been. #FollowtheMoney
Not true and you know it's not true. Gives the wealthiest among us tax breaks. Does nothing for average Americans.
Trickle down economic doesn't work and your insistence that it does insults our intelligence. #gopfail #donorclasseconomics #no
It hasn't in the past, what is different this time around?
Or are you once again lying to us to help your wealthy friends?
The middle class can't afford to purchase you, so #TaxReform will always favor the rich. #FollowtheMoney #TypicalGOP
When corps get that money they will pay down debt and buy back stock. The only thing that will help labor is demand for products and service
#Equifax and other bureaus need heavy regulation. 143 mil Americans w assets and credit in limbo puts economy at risk. @SenatorCollins
No to #TaxReform if it means $trillions for billionaires
Want to help the middle class? Medicare for all. No more profits off people lives.
Are you purposely ignoring #GrahamCassidy?
More tax cuts for the rich while the @GOP and @POTUS  wants to gut Medicaid and Medicare is typical.  Feed the rich while burying the poor.
Shut up and #ProtectOurCare
That is a LIE!
Vote no on Graham Cassidy trumpcare. Do what is best for Ohio and protect the ACA. If u do not u will be  voted out.
Read the comments. Constituents are saying no to this tax reform that favors the wealthy. And no to GrahamCassdy. Why aren't you listening?
You are unsurprising silent about the upcoming vote on Graham-Cassidy.
Trust complicit Congress w/ my taxes? No way.It's failure to address WH finan conflicts of interests&loose ethics shows it's equally corrupt
Only if tax cuts are for middle class  when you cut poor and middle class the rich get richer not the other way around
Hey Senator why not give us a sample of what you consider to be reform. My guess  right now is it's whatever they tell you it is
Time for talk is over, time to act
Beginning to wonder if there is anyone in the Republicon party who is NOT a Nazi.
Support our president Rob. He is the master of job creation and tax reform. Just back him when he needs your vote. No more obstructionism
Rob was Bush's budget director when they slashed taxes, exploded deficit, crashed world economy, decimated finances of middle class.
Please share a time when trickle-down economics worked. I'll wait.
Will you promise, that if what you say doesn't happen w/i 12 months of tax reform being enacted, you will resign from your seat in Senate?
#Lies #PhotoOpRob doing what he does best...lie!
When was the last time "tax reform" actually helped low income/middle class Americans? Do inform us of all those jobs created in OH
A truly productive step would be to challenge Trump on all of the $ he is taking from us taxpayers & putting in his own pocket!
Complete blather. Show us the legislation or quit kissing trump's ass. U R CONGRESS!  So more accurately: U NEED TO ACT!
How will it benefit the President and his family businesses? How will we know if he won't release his tax returns?
The rich must pay their fair share. Is that what you mean when you say #TaxReform? Or is it to put more $ in rich pockets?
Always all talk on taxes, nothing done when all they have to do is talk
Huge tax cuts for the wealthy on the backs of middle-class & retirees does NOT grow the economy, it's reckless. #TaxReform #VotePortmanOut
:  we need a tax increase.
Getting rid of corporate and wealthy tax loopholes will boost the middle class. Make them pay.
Tax cuts for the rich taken offshore, no relief for those making under $60,000
We need a huge increase in the EITC paid for by increasing taxes on the rich.
And just how does taxing investment income at half the rate of wages do that. You cannot explain it because it is false.
This mantra has been told to the American voter for decades : to families, the working class, the working poor, the absent middle class...
You all for your party and you donors ,The working man is expected to pay for your donors tax cuts While you take everything from us
Stop it. It didn't work for you during the Bush years.
#trickledown does not work. Enough with the BS.
No, the only thing the TAX CUT will do is increase the pay if CEO's and allow shareholders to get bigger dividends! No increase n worker pay
Does Congress NEED to act on healthcare? I bet you will silently vote to end protections for cancer patients by the end of the month.
It will do none of those things. You're a liar.
Ohio's government is a GOP supermajority that enacted #taxreform. 3rd worst unemployment in the US:
https://www.bls.gov/web/laus/laumstrk.htm …
