Anybody can promise unicorns and rainbows. The devil is in th details. And ur details are a giveaway to the rich
bullshit and you know it
Trickle down economics did not work before and will not work now. Senator, you know that. SO DO WE.
What make you think it will happen now, we have had 30 years of trickle down with few jobs and lower wages, GOP lies, Paid by The 1% #GOP
It will not help poor or middle class! I can't wait to see this great jobs count you are touting. Can you guaruntee they will be decent pay?
How does repealing the estate tax and AMT do that?
@senrobportman who do you consider "middle class"?
150k
Trump's plan raises the lowest tax rate from 10% to 12%. You say that benefits the middle class. He wants the highest tax rate to go from...
...39% to 35% but the wealthy won't pay less in taxes. He wants the corporate rate to go from 35% to 15% but they'll use all that extra...
...money to create jobs and increase wages. Where did you learn your math? Your elementary teachers can't have been this bad.
It will do none of those things. It will, however, appease your Koch overlords and get you their money. We are not stupid, senator.
Liar liar pants on fire!
And You Know It!
I don’t believe that even you believe that lie. Have you actually read the recommendations. Big tax cuts for rich, nothing more.
LIAR
By middle class, do you mean people making above $150,000?
Basically, Trump is leaving Puerto Ricans to die and Republicans are letting him.
Your idea of tax reform is cutting Medicare by 473 billion, and Medicaid by 1 trillion and then calling it "reform."? #LiarLiar
How will cutting the estate tax & raising the lowest bracket create jobs? Your #KochTaxCut is not reform, hold a #townhall & you'd know...
Talk to people who don't donate to him? Sure...
You seem to think like #45...that if you keep repeating the same lies people will eventually believe you. Wrong. We are not stupid!
Trump doesn't care about helping the Middle Class. Let's keep it real here. Do not destroy your credibility to defend his honor.He has none.
We’re still waiting on 1) details and 2) how you’re gonna pay for it.  Oh yeah... 
Vote no on tax reform
Ohio turned red n the quiet majority here support you. Keep up the good work representing Ohio n our interests. Keep supporting our @POTUS!
Trickle down does not work. It's already been tried over and over.
You sir, are liar and a fraud. Enjoy your last year in office.
How about saving Medicaid and B.c. for all women. My freedom is just as important as your religious freedom. All Freedoms matter
What kind of new car will you buy Senator with your tax cut? My tax cut will get me an oil change on a 10-year old clunker.
Define middle class.
Trickle down didn't work under Reagan, won't work now.
Look at Kansas, Brownba k implemented this structufe fof the state and they are worse off for it. #badpolicy #richgegtheirs
Lie 1, lie 2, lie 3...you’re out!!
@KG_Smith nice video edit, you coward. Every daily tweet about this transparent tax concept aligns you closer to 45's sinking ship. 45211.
I don’t think so
{{Citation Needed}}
Kansas tried trickle down economics and it didn’t work. Please stop lying to us.
The main things #taxreform will do: bring back investment to America, create #jobs, help the middle class, & simplify our tax code 
Stop embarrassing yourself with these lies. Just be straight up and tell how you're going to fuck us. The @GOP base won't care or notice /1/
... and the rest of us wouldn't vote for your party if an FSB agent put a Makarov to our head. /2/
Nah. It'll help your rich friends get richer. Fess up, Rob.
What’s Trump hiding in his tax returns?
This is manifestly untrue.
Big business will just put the money in stock buy back and get robots to do the work!
The lies just never stop pouring from the mouth of Portman. Time to end the GOP in Ohio. #dumpthegop
Will or you hope does?
Under previous tax cuts much of the benefit went to shareholders, not workers or community. How can we keep tax cuts local?
QE1, 2, & 3 led to record stock markets but did NOTHING to help the average worker. Why will Corp #GOP #TaxReform help middle class?
Average CEO to Worker Pay is now 303-1 up from 20-1 in 1965. Workers need help not Corps from #GOP #TaxReform
Trickle down economics didn't work in the 80s. Why would it work now?
Stop selling out Ohioans!!! You know better. Create actual tax reform that will help us!!
I checked.  The lamp only gives you three wishes, and that always turns out so well.
How does the repeal of the Estate Tax help the middle class? Is middle class now defined as assets of $11 million for a family?
Sen Portman, you lie with such ease. You are the Swamp. #TaxReform
Begin at the top , Robbie, because shat runs downhill, and make Dotard & his family bring jobs & investments back to USA.
Yeah, because in all of the years under both parties, it got simpler with GOP input.  Dream on and stop taking money from the NRA!
Louis XVI didn’t like raising taxes on the rich. Neither did Tsar Nicholas II. Bad outcomes for their countries. Remember your history.
How? Prove it? Show your Work. Making fantastic claims doesn’t make them so. You’re a lying employee of the Koch network. Resign. #liar
No it does not.
Special deductions & loop holes mean most businesses/corporations don't even pay 1/2 their tax rate. Close loop holes, eliminate deductions.
Constituent 44074 Where in the tax reform are businesses required to use money from tax breaks to create jobs and increase wages?
Become loved, work on something transformative like this
Why won't you appear in anything but @FoxNews. All they do is Russian propaganda!
This entire statement is a lie.  Please stop lying to us.
1,084.
How does your spouting buzzwords do any of these things? Eliminating the AMT & Estate Tax are not going to bring investment back to America.
#TaxScam
Trickle down doesn’t work. Voodoo economics doesn’t work. Reaganomics doesn’t work. Read some recent history before you lie to me again.
Wrong. Trickle down economics hasn’t ever worked bc it violates the basic economic principles this country relies on to grow
Also ur last 5 tax cuts haven’t grown the economy or created job bc it’s not based on economic reality
The main thing that tax reform will do is give a lot of money to the rich! #NotOnePenny
Rob Portman is voting to raises taxes on middle class Ohioans.
Lying about the #TrumpTaxScam once again, eh Rob?
Go to http://WH.gov/taxrelief  and sidn the petition courtesy of President Trump.
Do all you Republicans drink the trump orange kool-aid twice a day or do you change up flavors?
History shows the first two are false!
The third one is a lie.  Majority of #taxreform going to the rich!
The fourth is probably true.

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
Was this the interview that you said the middle class constitutes a family that makes 150k a year?
Some of us Americans have a brain!  We won't be swindled!
GOP tax reform will blow a huge hole in the federal deficit while most relief goes to incomes above $1 million a year. Release tax returns
I call bull shit!  We know it only helps the wealthy!  Try again liar!
Please site examples of when trickle down economics actually worked long term?
Nice try, Scrooge McDuck
The main thing #TrumpTaxScam will do is give HUGE tax breaks to top 1%,DECIMATE middle class RAISE TAX RATES for working poor,pay CEObonuses
I seriously doubt all of that comment.
1) prove it will bring jobs. Research shows trickle down doesn’t work. 2) Prove middle class benefits. Studies show you & 1% will benefit
Bull. The main thing your tax cuts will do is consolidate wealth at the top. Trickle down is a lie, and you suck at selling snake oil.

And provide big tax breaks to the most wealthy Ohioans.
Rob. NO One is buying your load of 
It will do none of those things but it will make you, who is 14x richer than the avg member of congress, even richer!!
It will actually do none of those things directly. Also, the only people who are complaining about how complex our code is are the rich.
How you ever were elected to serve this state is beyond me.  Oh wait, must be all those donors who bought your soul.
AGAIN no one positive reaction to your tweet!!!  Give it up Rob you are hanging with the losers.  Step out be brave and bold like Corker
Just ask Speaker Lying. He will corroborate this. Almost 100% “FAKE NEWS”. Thanks for the update.
Omg. Please quit lying!!!!!  Just tell the truth. More cute for you and your friends at the top. Damn. Just at least be honest
What about the opioid crisis today Robbie? You seem reluctant to bang that drum now. Is there a reason?
Maybe. But this plan isn’t “reform”, it’s a tax cut for millionaires. It’ll tank the deficit for their benefit, at the expense of the poor.
How will that work exactly? Because it's never worked before. It gave us increased national debt & widened the socioeconomic gap.
You are lying. You know you are lying. Stop lying, or just STFU! Sick of you and your party's power-grubbing partisanship!
I see someone is still being medicated.
Exactly how is raising taxes on rhe middle class helping us? Oh yeah, the trickle down. Been waiting since Reagan
Portman fiddles while America burns. PR, Obamacare destroyed. the rise of White Supremacists in OH & you think we want to help the rich???
Lies
***FOR THE RICH
If Ohio hadn't expanded Medicaid thanks to the ACA our GOP failure story would look like Kansas's:
It will do none of those things. You. Are. Lying.
