There are a lot of things you could call tax reform. Something helpful to the middle class, or another giveaway to people who don't need it?
Also, how much will Trump and his family personally benefit from these reforms? Be nice if the country could see his tax returns & know.
Ohioans wake up are you seriously buying this crap tax cuts for the rich and then hopefully it will trickle down to the rest-been there
Reagan proved that trickle down economics doesn't work. Try again.
are you taking your own opioids ????  it mainly benefits the rich...STOP the double taxation of companies on overseas offices
No!  His tax reform will benefit him and his rich buddies. A very low percent will apply to middle and lower class. And no taxing of 401(k)s
And quit licking his boots!  We know he has not a clue about tax reform or any other issues except what benefits him!
you seriously make me ill
Do you agree with Mnuchin's plan for this tax reform?  To pay for rich people and rich corporation tax cuts w tax increases for rest of us
So surprising!!  You agreeing with Trump?  Let us know when you don't, that's headline news.
Tell us what you have done to increase minimum wage.
You suck it so hard Portman. As long as you get ahead who cares about the rest of us. Am I right? Yep, I'm right.
I want lower taxes,  why dont you?
Who is going to pay for it?
Especially (probably exclusively) members of the Trump, Koch, Mercer, etc. families
I want lower taxes,  why dont you?
As well as his lie that we're the most taxed nation in the world? #disinformation
I want lower taxes,  why dont you?
Taxes are not inherently bad. Taxes can do good things.
Taxing the middle class to pay for corporate tax cuts? Not helping boost wages.
Lol.
Oh calm down, he already has a VP.
Yes, it's worked so well in the past...
If you're middle class, you won't see lower taxes. He's lowering them for the rich claiming it'll create jobs.  Demand creates jobs.
Not the way the GOP wants to do it. Shifting tax burden to middle class and not stipulating that corp tax cuts go to investment fails.
SERIOUSLY!! Don't have thoughts of your own. Tax reform he wants benefits mgmt & up. Think of your voters-the lil guys-we're watching you
I agree, there are some huge penalties for emergency withdrawal 401k, it's almost better to get a loan
"Trickle down" has never been proven. Enough already.
to pay back the super pac that gave you money to run . integrity dignity no by  hook or by crook ...  birds of a feather ... the next vote
will tell. 
as i read other replys.. i wonder how rob was a winner. 
blind voters not researching just voting republican oh my... 
wow so many haters, I'm guessing all the republicans are at work
... because you're a sycophant, in addition to clearly not understanding taxes.
#Complicit
Yes #TaxReform  will but not a #goptaxcutontheAmericanjugular
This is trickle-down economics in a new package and lemony-fresh scent.  You and POTUS know it makes u richer and working people poorer.
Do you have any data to back up this claim?  Nope. You're all giddy over taking more money from working class. I dislike you more every day.
Amen, LB. I thought I could like him less after selling out our internet privacy, but then he voted to take healthcare from sick and poor
Remember to use water based lube and no glove no love. #shame
Not his tax reform.
Trickle down economics hasn't worked yet. The middle class is getting pretty sick of being trickled on!
You always use his name when you agree. You have never used his name to disagree. Does that mean you always agree. Dreamers? Char'vll??

Are you trying to be evil to make friends? Or are you actually just evil?
BS!!  What tax reform??  WHAT is the plan??  WHERE'S THE BEEF??  Simply calling for reform is NOT a plan!!  GOP has NOTHING!!
Out of touch and soon to be out of office. #getaclue
As long as that doesn't mean more of that trickle down garbage! You have 1980 days. #TrickleDownBrokeTheMiddleClass
#45 has 0 idea what is in your tax plan. WTH are you agreeing with him on?
Trickle-down is a lie told by rich people that want to pay less taxes.
Tax reform done correctly, maybe. The Republican false idol of trickle down, not so much.
POTUS knows/cares nothing about American families,  just his own.  Agreement with him leaves a spot that won't wash off Senator.
Right!  Just like when Reagan said the same thing...it may have only worked for the very rich.
Rob, trickle down economics does nothing to create jobs. It just rolls down your leg.
Nope. This has been proven false time and time again
No tax cut for 1% ever created any jobs. Rob, why do you BS and lie to ppl of Ohio? GOP still trying to give 1% more tax cuts .
Nope.  We demand a living wage for all jobs.  That will create A more thriving economy.
One of many reasons you will NOT get my vote ever again.
If you agree with Trump on reform, that's tax cuts for the rich. That  won't help.
Oh stop it.
Tax cuts for the rich doesn't create jobs... look at Eisenhower tax plan....
When in history has this been proven consistently true?
Hey, Portman, I think OH is going to go ahead and just get 2 democrats for senate. Thanks for playing.
That's not true-tax cuts for the rich just end up in offshore accounts-nobody's buying that trickle down BS anymore
Not true! Trickle down economics only makes the rich, richer and eventually crashes the economy. No one is buying your GOP bs.
Don't give us any of that trickle down nonsense. It's time to address income inequality, wages, and working/ 
middle class tax cuts.
"American" families...
Of course you agree with Trump. Do you ever think original thoughts, senator?
You let this idiot ruin our country all so you can give him a tax break? Can we at least see his taxes first?
Lies, no new ideas coming from you or your big donors
As long as the 1% pay their share. Why should Middle class always bear the burden.
No, you agree with Trump because you're a Toady who cannot think for himself. Just
You betr be ON BOARD with #DACA MR. !!!!!!!!
Specifics and proof of principle would be nice. You are such a cheerleader for Trump. Do you have an original idea? Electorate are not duped
FIXED IT 4 U!
I agree with @realDonaldTrump that #taxreform will create more #PROFITS FOR ONLY THE 1% & boost THE # OF PEOPLE THAT #RESIST
Pls give specific examples of where tax cuts created jobs & boosted wages. How many jobs? How much wages increased? Doubtful you will!
Wrong. Come on  you know better.
Go pound sand Rob Portman if you think trickle down economics is good for middle class then you need to flashback to Reagan
Of course you do! You're a puppet.
You are on a sinking ship senator.this president is NOT above the law. 
#ImpeachTrump 
#MuellerTime
When don't you agree with the president rubber stamp Rob? 
Sad you put your party over this country. Grow a pair
Trickle down economics does not help the middle class. Try again. Harder this time.
Don't pols study history? Trickle down was Reagan and we are still paying the debt he piled up; Econ rebalanced when Clinton taxed uberrich
Do you agree with taxing 401k accounts ? Sure hope not
Sure, as long as it is legitimate reform and not a give away to the 1%.
Republicans increase the deficit by reducing taxes and increasing spending. Democrats reduce the deficit
Not tax reforms that give breaks to billionaires
Finally
Is Trump paying you for these tweets?
Like how it worked with reagan?
Really?  How about you explain that at a town hall?
Senator Portman is ok with Nazis marching the street, deporting DREAMers, &spying Russians if it mean tax cuts for his donors.
Trump does not have the intellectual capacity to come up with something great and unique. Please do not follow blindly this narcissus.
This never happens.  CEOs & executives keep all money for themselves.
Hell will freeze over first! You voted against the Dreamers Act?  Your days in office are numbered and Ohio is watching ur every mistake!
Blah blah blah
How many jobs created under GWB after his huge tax breaks to the "job creators"? ZERO...losing 800000 jobs a month when he left.  TRY AGAIN!
Rob thank you for rescuing your #rich #friends and #donors from the #EstateTax. #hero
Yea give more money to the rich. That has worked SO WELL FOR THE REST OF US... oh wait...

Just left you a message @senrobportman.  do you have an answer for this one?
Portman is just a poorly refurbished animatronic from the Hall of Presidents at Disneyland. You're treating him like an actual person.
No tax reform until you take care of the 800,000 young Americans whose lives are now in limbo!#DreamAct #DACAShame
Will you vote FOR THE #DREAMACT?
You agree with the POTUS often. Birds of a feather, flock together. Makes you a liar, a racist and a pompous ass, Your tax reform is a ruse.
Except that you, Trump, and the GOP aren't proposing Reform. Only cuts. Which only benefit the top earners and CEO's. Workers get nothing.
Depends on the precise tax policy, Senator!  All for the top 1%? NO!

1/ @senrobportman, I read your full statement on the trump admin's #DACA annoucement. Here's my full statement on your statement: https://twitter.com/senrobportman/status/905182091930939393 …
"Tax reform" = cuts for the wealthy; "jobs" = the bait word I am using to sound like I care about u
Really? Just like Reaganomics? We got a $50 rebate check and still waiting for trickle down. #TrumpMath
The GOP has preached trickle down for decades and yet it never works out the way they claim. The rich get richer; workers stay poor.
Cool, my senator agrees with an IDIOT on an economic policy that has NEVER worked for the people they claim it will. Trickle down is BS. 
MORE customers are needed.  Customers must have money. Erosion of spending power of TEACHERS, hourly workers, and the middleclass-not answer
Rob, you know better..no GOP tax cut plan has ever helped the (cont) http://tl.gd/no3dqf 
Do you support a law to increase the minimum wage? The Middle Class knows there are very few benevolent bosses. Only think about bottom line
Trickle down economics does not work, so stop trying to sell us the same old tax cuts for the wealthy. They only worsen income inequality.
#TaxReform will not create jobs, a stable America that people/nations want to invest in will create jobs - that's what you need to focus on
And PLEASE stop this ridiculous notion of #taxcutsfor the rich!!!!!!!
Ok, but please tell me that you have a heart and will work hard to create/support a bill that keeps the #Dreamers here in this country!!
Evidently you know more details than the rest of the American public. Care to share?
Of course you do!  Again,  why is your state above nat'l unemployment avg???  Tired of your 2 dimensional thinking and Republican rhetoric
No, tax cuts for the rich will not help. How can you side with anything Trump says?
Let's see the dets. I will be surprised if anything in there that eases tax burdens on middle / low income families.
More Trickle Down lies. Support wages & protections so people earn money to spend & businesses thrive. Feed the top & they outsource jobs.
Raise taxes of rich, not middle or lower class. Trickle down proven to not work.
Don't cut taxes for the people who DON'T need it & hope that they'll shower the rest of us w/ the extra money. NEVER HAPPENS & you know it.
If you agree with anything @realDonaldTrump says you should automatically know it's wrong.  He's the kid that will always get you in trouble
That's exactly who he is! Perfect analogy!
It will boast Corp welfare and your kick backs Does nothing for middle class Ohioans you care so little about
Until POTUS shows something significant from his own returns- why should we trust #Republicans on the matter?  #taxreform17 #taxreform #ohio
You don't half to trust, Steve. Maybe you should go back to school. BTW how many million dollar bills equal $10 billion?
Tax cuts are not tax reform.
@realDonaldTrump End the conflict of interest known as title IV funding. Quality of care is very poor in mental health field
It's not even tax "reform."  Stop using that word.
Just one little problem: such "trickle down" cuts have been tried in the past and have a 100% failure rate.
We need to do away with the Reagan & Bush giveaways to the wealthy. Trumps plan is welfare for the 1% on the backs of the middle class.
Go back to school, wondering. The top 5% of wagers pay 90% of all individual taxes. What do you want
Tax cuts for the rich bring more debt & recession #ImpeachTrumpNow
How does that work, Heather?
We've been down this road before senator and it did nothing to prevent the Great Recession! Immigration reform should be a higher priority.
Top tier needs no more. If the 1% & the middle get cuts, how will we fund  the $$$$ 45 wants $ military? $$$ for education & human services.
And your position on DACA is?
same old trikle down... bonuses bout all it creates that and automation..taxes of 0% for the 90% and 50% for the top 10%
WTF? Giving huge tax cuts to the wealthy DOES NOT create jobs and you damn well know it.
Also, is this really relevant right now?  2 huge hurricanes, western fires, and the really stupid #DACA decision.  You have a lot to fix.
Also pass bipartisan fix to ACA that Murray/Alexander working on. And SB27 to establish #IndependentCommission to look at 2016 elections.Thx
I thought Ohio was progressive.  Apparently we now have our very own Trump.Great. 
Tax Reform for whom?  Who does it cost? Who benefits?
RAISE ACT , Mandatory E-Verify and ending #DACA will do the same thing.
Someone broke the portman-bot again.  Tax reform, tax reform, taxreform, taxre--avoidtalkingaboutdacaorhealthcarevoteatallcosts, tax reform.
It is called tax cut for the rich not tax reform. Been there and done that. It doesn't work buddy!
Tax cuts for the rich will not add more jobs or help the middle class.  Really!  Why did I vote for you?  Never again
The senator may be a RHINO, but the top 5% of wagers pay 90% of all taxes. How much more do you want from my children and grandchildren?
You sure about that? Or are you counting the upper class as the entirety of the American populous again?
Tax 'reform'. Heh heh.
Do away with the death taxes we pay. If I have title to my property why.I have to pay taxes to i die. .
You should have just left it at "agree with @realDonaldTrump" and we wouldn't have had to hear any more.
Who's taxes are being reformed the wealthy or middle class
Fix our healthcare and secure our borders
