Please fix, not replace, the ACA.  So many lives will be harmed.  Please stand up for them
"Your Goal?" you voted against ACA!! Think we are stupid?  YOUR GOAL is  to confuse your constituents  to keep supporting you
.@senrobportman You've voted to repeal ACA 61 times. What's in your replacement plan?
let's see your plan before you vote to repeal current plan and up end millions of lives.

Wait, isn't the plan to kill 20 million people? All the Democrats swear that's the case.
good thing you don't have a sick grandson that depends on this coverage. Might change your attitude.
You'll still have coverage plus more choice. You're welcome.
believe it when I see it. Right now I have no faith in them. Your welcome
"You're"
thanks, I just won 20$. Bet you were the type of person that would correct someone's spelling. Mr. Perfect
you are becoming deplorable-doing this to families in need! Who is paying you off?
we are watching everything #Indivisible
You say ACA must be replaced.  Ok,REPUBLICANS have had 6 years to have a plan to replace, what have they been doing?
the smart and responsible thing is to not repeal before you have a replace ....    ugh.    Republican egos!!!!
Please don't allow there to be a repeal unless there is a replacement. Anything less would be irresponsible.
What is the replacement plan?  What will YOU do protect the 1 in 4 Ohioans with preexisting conditions?
If anything happens to my wifes health insurance because of the GOP I will be sending you the bills directly. #SaveACA
OMG  Don't you think you have had enough time already to come up with a plan?  From cancer survivor from Columbus.
you better or R's will not govern for a long time @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @SpeakerRyan @mitchellreports
Slow down the repeal! I'm a 49 yr old recurring cancer survivor; care for my pre-existing condition keeps me alive! #mylife
unless you have a plan to replace you are not doing your job which is to look out for your constituents. Ohio will remember.
ACA saved my husband's life & kept us from bankruptcy. Please do not repeal this lifeline.  I beg you to do the right thing
A "smart and responsible plan" would have first entailed having one. Please represent us--not party--better.
thank you!
why can't you just make the #ACA better? You're putting #partyovercountry and it's #deporable.
Because the Orange One cares more about having it his way.
I'm only 42 and I survived cancer. I shouldn't be marked for the rest of my life as un-insurable.
The GOP does not have a plan and never have they had a plan. STOP THE MADNESS! #SaveACA
And what comes after "transition" ?  You should be ashamed of yourself, why would we want pre existing conditions taken away?
70percent of all Americans do not want repeal. You are not a true leader. You have no spine. COWARD
you are talking out of both sides of your mouth. 8years nothing show. You have never stood up against your party. COWARD
good start.  We need healthcare for those with preexisting conditions in new plan as well!
Please do the right thing.  #FixItDoNotNixIt The american people need you!
adding $9.7 trillion to the debt is not responsible in any way shape or form!
Great then I suggest you work toward Medicare4all.
I have a plan... don't ask what it is, because I have one, like I said. I mean, I wouldn't say I had one if I didn't have one, right? Plan.
transition to what? What's the plan? Please don't sentence me to death or bankruptcy for having cancer.
As a constituent in Ohio, WE need a plan in place BEFORE you repeal #ACA. #preexistingconditions DEPEND on YOU! #SaveACA
we appreciate your wisdom in slowing repeal until there is a solid plan. Millions of republicans need this help
HELP WANTED SENATOR  OHIO MUST BE SMART ENOUGH TO NOT SUPPORT ISSUES THAT DO HARM or SUPPORT TRUMP opening 2020
#OURFIRSTSTAND not without a fight - what you are supporting is completely irresponsible
it is great to have goals, but you need a plan. You and your party have had 7 years and offered nothing. Be better. #Ohio
the only reason the republicans have to repeal is a hatred twards president obama. Remember McConnell make him fail.
Thank you, Senator, for your efforts to slow down the repeal of the ACA. It's VERY important to have a replacement in place.
don't thank him he is part of the problem not the solution
Please do not repeal the ACA without a replacement.  Cancer survivors like me must have assurance that we will be covered.
Talking points won't insure 1 single American. Only a specific, vetted plan will. That GOP has no plan in 2017 is a disgrace.
then you must replace at the same time as you repeal.  Passing buck to states is Irresponsible #urpeopleneedhealthcare
thx sen Portman. #ProtectOurCare we need to cover AT LEAST as many people as the Aca. I Grew up in Dayton
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/14/opinion/sunday/without-obamacare-i-will-get-sicker-faster-until-i-die.html?smid=tw-nytopinion&smtyp=cur …
you increased the debt signed death warrant for those with pre-exist conditions,lined pockets of the rich. Thanks Portman
All Americans are at risk of medical bankruptcy again now that the Republicans are in power.
You didn't get any supportive comments on Faceb
Why repeal ACA before a plan is in place? The pre-existing conditions, ability to keep children on policy until 26, needed
there's NOTHING responsible about your current actions. It's costing all but top 400 households millions & endangering humans
Repeal. No replacement necessary unless it can be shown in the Constitution the federal government is granted this authority
What is your plan then? Present it.
Why don't you tell us some of your ideas? I'd love know how you will take care of 30k people after you kill the ACA.
so if that goal isn't achieved, you have failed as a leader? 664k Ohioans gained insurance from ACA
You are failing your constituents for your donors. #shame
How can you take away something as good as the ACA without anything to replace it? Were you elected to harm people or help?
#SaveACA
if you repeal without a replacement you can not achieve that goal.
Also, I had a loved one who benefited from expanded Medicaid under ACA, helped get off heroin. Saved his life. Access matters
I thought Repubs were pro life. What a joke. Show us you actually care and fight for improving the ACA
irresponsible, arrogant party politics. #noplan
You are going to throw vulnerable people out of a plane without a parachute. Your career will not survive the carnage.
TRANSITION TO WHAT?! Your words are meaningless until there's a plan.
The pressure is on.  Do not let Ohioans get ill because they don't have insurance.
leave it alone until you have a plan that is better. You are playing with people's lives!
Then maybe coming up with a plan BEFORE repeal would be a wonderful (and less frightening for all of us) idea.
All of your work on the opioid problem will be for naught if you repeal. Please keep what's working and tweak what's not.
Then fix some flaws and keep what works. Contraception and breastfeeding coverage for families!
Absolute BS! When in doubt, just make stuff up!
Do your constituents on Medicare realize they are losing $2200 each yearly? How many jobs will be lost? And Hospitals closed?
#ACA #acaworks
My dad starts chemo Monday. Here's just ONE prescription he needs. It's really very simple: without Obamacare, within 8 months he'd be dead. 
u still need to speak with Steven I Weissman...a former hospital administrator, about predatory pricing by Dr's & hospitals
it's a luxury to have this goal while lives are on the line. #acaworks #FixingHealthCare
please do what you can to avoid a gap in coverage and to continue to cover preexisting conditions and adult children
IOW keep ACA and rename it.
You will not be helped by your leaders.
then don't repeal, just fix what's broken! Stand up to the #GOP and vote for your constituents!
That is a lie, Senator. Your plan has been to repeal #ACA for political reasons. There is no "transition" because there is no replacement.
.@senrobportman Where is this mystical unicorn of a plan?
Transition to...oh, please somebody come up with something quick before everyone sees that we've never had a plan.
Why can't we see this terrific GOP plan?  I'm hearing a lot of impossible promises while you take coverage from millions.
What's worse is that U don't care that U don't have a plan and are going to take a running jump off the cliff anyway.
But when?!
I used 2 like you. Your relentless cowardice is starting 2 wear on me. U don't have a better plan. You don't have any plan.
What about after transition? What is the plan? Details not rhetoric.
except you've done none of that. You also are standing by as our government is turned over to bigoted fascists.
need smart,nonpartisan,CARING representatives to look out for us. trump is scary & it seems leadership is marching lockstep
again what is your plan?4 yrs not long enough to forget your actions U R endangering lifes just like ur career
that's a great goal. Whats your plan to get us there?
I find it disgusting that GOP will repeal with no replacement. Why not just repair the ACA? #deplorable
"your goal" doesn't assure me your GOP colleagues will go along. Very irresponsible.
Noble goal. With so many repeal attempts, why is said plan not ready for roll out, complete w details on how it will work?
to scrap ACA is irresponsible without a replacement plan, 4 years will not make us forget your actions...
you better speak up forcefully bc the @GOP seems to be completely off the rails
which would be time better spent making what we already have even better, sir.
The must beca plan IN PLACE first to transition into! Not empty promises of what may be! #NoPlanNoRepeal
Keep the ACA!
I regret my crossing of party lines to vote 4 you. My friends are in danger because you/GOP don't like Obama, an exiting prez
very disappointed !   You should fix & improve not repeal and replace. Get the republican ego out of congress.
prove it. Don't tweet until you have.
you have had years to improve ACA or offer a replacement plan. No credibility.
if it is repealed without a replacement in place, it will never be replaced. Why repeal, fix the few problems.
You're a liar @senrobportman. You voted against protecting healthcare of Ohioans in poverty or with preexisting conditions. #ProtectOurCare
please think of people first, not political angst.  Real lives are at stake.
LIAR
What is the actual plan? Pointing out some flaws of ACA is not the same thing as providing a new plan. Please give details.
there is no plan, other than to repeal, as this was a decent policy not enacted by your side. Build on the foundation.
what does this plan look like?
just because you say it doesn't mean shit
failed ambitions, w/no plan.
Please listen to real people's stories. I'm happy to share mine. And we vote.
We're counting on you, Sen. Without health care coverage, real people (like me) will die.
Best idea yet. GOP has wasted time, staff, & tons of money for 6 yrs on repealing ACA. Tweak it! Don repeal/don't replace.
. @senrobportman I'm a breast cancer survivor that YOU will make uninsurable,destroying my Ohio small business+thousands of others #SaveACA
Thai you Senator. Big task ahead of us.
Better be #medicare4all.  Anything else is shafting average Americans and they know it
where is the plan? you surly must have been working on it for the last 5 years, that is unless you are all full of crap.
please consider the goal of ensuring access for millions who remain uninsured or can't afford. #MedicareForAll
that's just the start, there is a lot that needs to remain the same . How will people with pre existing conditions be treated
You are repealing without a replacement. Irresponsible and dishonest.
amazing Republicans want to replace something that affects so many and you have no plan to share.
You will either continue affordable coverage for everyone who's now covered or won't. Your colleagues won't. And you know it.
Senator Portman voted to increase the debt by $9 trillion. And lose all these valuable services and benefits.
all Americans deserve the same kind of government-provided health care you have as a senator.  Will you do that?
So what EXACTLY is that replacement plan? Please  share so we all know. Unless of course, there is no plan.
A goal without a plan is a wish. You should have a more concrete plan before forging ahead with repeal. Otherwise, people are put at risk.
You sure have a lot of tweets on this subject. How about you show us the plan?
Why have a transition? Why not have the replacement passed first with the transition built in. If you have a better idea, #ReplaceNotRepeal
You guys keep talking about your plan to have a plan. Where is the plan that you plan to have? Share it with us!!
It's only been 7 years, give the poor guy a break!
why didn't you do this before now by making improvements to the ACA?  Please tell us how you'll do this now.
As long as you are tweeting: what are your thoughts on @realDonaldTrump attacking civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend
https://twitter.com/preexistingorg/status/800708204522934276 … take the pledge or I take you to court
Do you have pre-existing conditions? Tweet your senator or representative to sign the #PatientProtectionPledge, and we'll call them next.
meaning you don't have a plan.
Transition to what? You and your party have no plan. Certainly not anything that will cover the 20M who now have insurance.
your goal? There should be no other way.
by not having a plan in place you and your colleagues are very irresponsible. Fix what is not working, do not repeal.
