What about Russia interfering with our election? What are they doing about that? What are *you* doing?
Maybe he can tweet them into submission. Your party's President is causing irreparable harm to the office and making the US a laughing stock
Are you serious?!
Have you been paying attention to what this man is doing to the highest office?
Money talks, pal. You've made that obvious
Vote NO on #trumpcare otherwise US is no different than #northkorea. Let them die if they aren't well connected
When will you become accountable to your voters and hold town halls? COWARD
Come on. After his horrifying behavior today? You need to man up and try to get him to resign. It's not partisan. But maybe you approve?
how about that Russian collusion?
Rob, perhaps you will hold T Rump accountable for lies and insults toward women. Or are you too feeble to stand up for American values?
@senrobportman @SenateGOP  why do you always talk about everything but the critical thing facing GOP. Repeal/replace now! Stop the hurting!
No he isn't. He's watching cable tv and ranting.
Trump's a national embarrassment and you tweet about NK. Unbelievable. What's wrong with you, Senator?
What is wrong with You!
The healthcare bills are barbaric, you coward said NO after it was pulled. You're part of a barbaric administration.
What planet are you on?
Did you know Trump is destabilizing our relationships with other governments?   Wants to lead.  no longer "friends".
trump is doing nothing but embarrassing the country.
How about holding Trump accountable for his bullying and lies towards the people who live here? It's destabilizing our democracy.
senator portman let @SenSherrodBrown know he only gots 16 months until @JoshMandelOhio takes his seat #maga
When are you and the GOP going to hold yourselves and Trump accountable?
Ew. You said Trump Administration like its something to be proud of. You are a liar and traitor and your votes are for sale.
Under Trump, America is becoming destabilized and barbaric, you have some power, please use it.
But when will you take steps to hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for his destabilizing and barbaric behavior?
But why should North Korea be responsible for Trump's barbaric behavior? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Why is North Korea responsible for the Trump Administration's destabilizing and barbaric behavior?
Yes, wouldn't it be grand if it were that easy.

What rock did you crawl from under?
@senrobportman please hold Trump accountable for his misogyny & bullying. Be a role model for the children in OH who look to those in power.
Would love to see YOU takes steps against OUR barbaric and destabilizing White House.  Stand up, Rob.
Make sure you also take steps to hold Trump responsible for his destabilizing behavior in this country!!
What the hell are you talking about he is a national disaster.
Please Rob they are not doing anything substantial.
Please be just as forthright in speaking up when things are done wrong as you are when things are done right. That's what we need.
Your NO vote in Trump"care" is encouraging but  destabilizing is happening here at home.  Look to lead your Party clear.
But we have no problem dealing with Saudi Arabia.
I'll be pleased to see you voted out of office.
No statement from Rob Portman re: Pres Trump's destabilizing & barbaric behavior. We are ceding our high ground against insane tyrants.
The same man Trump said he admired.  When are you going to take a stand against this embarrassment?  We deserve better!

How about u republicans holding YOUR prez  accountable 4 his childish disgusting behavior u are a poor representative. Russians in WH
Fraud.
Could you please speak to the Trump Administration's destabilizing & barbaric behavior? How about childish & embarrassing behavior? No?
How about holding him accountable for his misogynist comments #MisogynistInChief
I would be pleased to see you hold the president accountable for his destabilizing and barbaric behavior.
Can we hold the POTUS accountable for his destabilizing and barbaric behavior, please. Until you do, you're all bark and no bite
Not pleased to see Trump's barbaric and destabilizing use of social media. Do you support this? You have 1958 days. #countdown2022
What about Trump's destabilizing and barbaric behavior? Shouldn't we be taking steps to hold him accountable?
#speakup
#standuptothebully
Please explain to me how BCRA isn't destabilizing and barbaric! @CbusIndivisible
Do you have any respect for #women or #lgbt people? You stay too silent on Trump.
Really. Who is going to take him seriously?
What will he do?  Tweet them into submission?  
Senator PLEASE do something about this DISGRACE
When are you going to take step's to hold @POTUS acountable for his destabilizing and barbaric behavior?
Are they trying to remove 22 million people from healthcare
When will the Trump Administration hold itself accountavle for its destabilizing and barbaric behavior?
What else are you pleased with ? Our president's ridiculous, degrading, childish tweets? This is outrageous! Stand up to this crazy man!
Are you kidding me stop this
Must be time for a decision here comes the diversion
When is someone going to take responsibility for making sure all Ohioans are guaranteed adequate, affordable healthcare?
Now if he'd only hold Russia accountable! Anything you can do about that, senator?
You still on the Trump train? What if @BarackObama tweeted that mess today? Party over country? Take a stand #ohioiswatching
How about you say something on how awful trump was on twitter today. Or maybe how you oppose trumpcare.
It's a real shame that he can't hold himself accountable for his destabilizing and barbaric behavior.
Now hold your fellow GOP members accountable when millions of people lose their health care. I plan to hold you accountable Mr. Portman.
Don't praise that man, Robby.
Tsh
I can't wait to see American voters hold your party accountable for enabling tRump's obnoxious attacks on our republic.
Is he trying to take them down via Tweet?
I just hope these tweets are scheduled way in advance. Otherwise your timing is just astonishing over and over.
Not pleased to see that you're not holding Trump admin accountable for its destabilizing and barbaric behavior.
Not pleased to see you ignoring the barbaric/destabilizing behavior of trump. You should be ashamed for enabling his behavior
All Senators are going to have to choose whether to stand with Trump, or take the high road.  Take the high road.
Barbaric like taking away health care from people who need it?
#TrumpLies does it bother you that Trump is a man of low moral character and no discernible integrity? Is this how u thought it would be?
Which war did you fight in? No more sabers, no more wars. I'm a Vietnam vet, and my USMC grandson got blown up four times in Afghanistan.
Are you seriously trying to make us feel like Trump is trustworthy?
How do you feel about his lunatic rants? He's an embarrassment.
Like the Trump administration is less destabilizing? Come on Bobby.
Mr. Portman, with all due respect, Trump admin issued a vulgar and barbaric tweet today.  Plz don't excuse it. Americans deserve decency.
The root problem needs to be fixed -- the cost of healthcare.  Why isn't that addressed?  Lobbyists?
Senator, I also wanted to thank you for listening to us and not supporting the crappy new health care bill.
I'm very proud of him for that. He listened.
Me, too!  I'm not too happy about that horrid tweet of his, though. :(
Well, I guess you took the loyalty oath. #resign
You mean like Trump's administration's destabilizing & barbaric behavior in the U.S.
Huh? certainly our president has not behaved decently. What are you thinking, Senator? Are politics like a shell game?
I have to agree that holding administrations accountable for their destabilizing and barbaric behavior is important. Can you help us ?
You are in never never land. Trump is incompetent and why are you supporting him. Time to cut our losses with Trumpland. Remember 2018
yeah he's a Senator, 6yr terms, not up til 2022
Vote no on the Senate HC bill as you know it will hurt many Ohioans. Country over party! Do you have the courage to do your job?
Yes!  Get rid of this monstrous bill!
I think it's terrible to try to act that this admin isn't abnormal, cruel, inept & corrupt. Come on, man. Please. Also, Trumpcare is awful.
Can you really not see what he is doing? I know you like your job but good god man.

Nothing to improve ratings like a military conflict. It worries me greatly.
Deflect deflect deflect
Don't give #trump any credit until he apologizes for his horrible actions on #twitter he must stop or #resign
What about Trump's destabilizing and barbaric behavior? Are Republicans holding him accountable?
Speaking of, "barbaric behavior," the medicade cuts for 72 million elderly nursing home residents? Women! Children! Elderly! DISRESPECTFUL!
Plus you talk about barbaric behavior?  Check out POTUS behavior today.  Stop defending this asshat.
Happy to see YOU say NO to Trumpcare!! From your constit in NW OH and Krull Family friend!! Moderate, please be one!! xoxo
What's wrong with you?  Giving this bastard kudos today after he attacked yet another woman?
I only worry that it seems a little hypocritical at this point in time. I mean, Trump is not a paragon of civility or stability.
But who will hold them accountable from theirs?
also pleased to see him wage war with his own country and destabilize our 200+ yr history?
Thank you , this is what's important.
#LowestHangingFruit
No on Senate health care bill. Fix ACA.
