You did see the polls about how happy people are with this tax cut?  Right, not happy at all.
I guess they hated the doubling of the child tax credit. Smh
Not that - but the trillions added to deficit to give corporations stock buy back power - millions for top 1% incentive f political donations - holding poor children, elderly, disabled hostage so it would pass. Giving just crumbs to the rest of us. How much is your tax cut?
For 1, everyone should have an IRA or Roth IRA to help benefit from any corporate tax decrease. 2. Children still get double the tax credit and still filters out after a set AGI. 3. Social security COLA went up more than the Medicare payments. 4. No one is holding anyone hostage
Mine was $11 on a biweekly paycheck - yours? Or don't you pay taxes
Actually I am not a Southerner just live here- you didn't say how much of a tax cut you got.
Hate to tell ya, but if you live in the South, you kind of are a Southerner.
Liar.
You are the old that we want out.
Not mine. My family’s taxes will go down considerably. All #TaxationIsTheft
Our tax guy said we will go up next year by $2,000 
Is it basically because you will not be able to claim the high property & state taxes?
I am still screwed by the new tax code & from what I am reading I am not the only one. :(
Treasury said that 90% of all taxpayers should pay less taxes. The standard deduction is doubled.
Where did you read this?  Please provide a source.

And with that we come full circle from 2016, when McConnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about Russian tampering during the election. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
GOP TAX SCAM

SENIORS ARE RIPPED OFF
BILLIONS stolen from Medicare payroll taxes, that increases monthly insurance costs for seniors
BILLIONS stolen from Social Security reducing benefits for those who have pd in for 50+ years 

JUST TO PAY TOP 1%

#VoteThemAllOut
Try reading:
That VERY CAREFULLY doesn’t list the ‘revenue increases’ which include stealing BILLIONS from A Medicare payroll tax & from Social Security. That in turn raises Medicare costs & reduces SS benefits. 
Read the actual bill- it takes from MC, seniors & poor.
The Medicare payroll tax didn’t change, not does it have an income limitation like Social Security had. Know your facts before you open your mouth.
GOP have taken the TEMPORARY surplus from younger ppls payroll deductions for Medicare & stolen $226 BILLION to fund GOP TAX SCAM.  The Medicare rate didn’t change, but GOP broke a promise from 1966 that the $$ would be used for 1 purpose.
Wow, you are breaking into the tin foil hat area.  FICA and the Medicare tax did NOT change. Get that through your head. And you wanna try to state they broke some promise from 1966?  Holy shit, you’re pretty far gone.
The RATES did not change.  
The money is the bank is being taken.  That bill that takes our payroll deduction was written in 1966 that money would be used for one purpose- Medicare.
Just like the bill that takes our SS deduction was only to be used for SS. $1.85T taken from that.
And you said it was in the new tax bill and I asked what page and paragraph number so I could verify. So?
LOLOLOLOL ...but mostly, the wealthy.
@SenateMajLdr how’d this tweet work out for ya? I’m not seeing all these people that are happy with your #taxscam !!
You're so delusional! You make me SICK!
Out with YOU. In with almost anyone who's NOT YOU!!!
Yep, out with the OLD Congress and in with the NEW!  #BlueWave2018 #ByeBye
You Senators w Congr’l Reps are NOT done w the tax issue. You MUST implement the FairTax. @VP @POTUS @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker @IRStaxpros @SpeakerRyan @TheFive @WSJ @FairTaxOfficial @USTreasury
No it’s not
How about that $21 trillion national debt?
A good day for @realDonaldTrump to release his 2015 Tax returns
I beg to differ!!! Tax cut riches have gone to execs and investors over workers by nearly 3-to-1 margin. https://www.cnbc.com/2018/04/17/tax-cut-windfall-has-gone-more-to-executives-than-to-workers-trimtabs.html?__source=sharebar|twitter&par=sharebar … 
Yes it is; the bad thing is that rich American families are faring much better than typical American families
Repetition of a lie is still a lie. How many repetitions of a lie tweets does it take to make a McConnell happy. This is the 3rd or 4th today
Really? How come only 27% approve of the law and think they have gotten any benefit? Because it stinks.
It’s because the rest didn’t read about the tax law. Here. You should try reading it.
Turtle, out with old in with the new! So true for you!
SINCE YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY BORED, BASED ON YOUR MORONIC TWEETS, WHY DON'T YOU GET YOUR ORANGE BOYFRIEND TO RELEASE HIS TAXES!
Taxation without representation
13% of tax cut savings have gone towards raises for employees!
Less than 45 S&P 500 companies have paid out bonuses so far!
The deficit will surpass 1 trillion dollars by 2020!
TELL THE TRUTH YOU PIECE OF SH*T!
Except the legislation you passed Mitch wasn't "reform" it was tax cuts to benefit your donors & to indulge your & their unmitigated greed. The fact you can't & won't admit that speaks to your lack of integrity & honesty. #deception #votethemout

You should try reading.
Out with the old; great idea, when are you leaving?
Crook!
Resign
When are you resigning???
Not American Families!!!!
Soooooo doubling of the child tax credit doesn’t help families?
New Years in April? I guess that makes the GOP the April Fools. Certainly the #TaxCutScam does so.
Your job is to push for the impeachment of the president.
https://twitter.com/KirkNason/status/986278194910130176?s=19 …
Follow the Koch Blow jobs
It will work for all Americans when we can hide our earnings in the Cayman Islands as well. thanks to things like tax credits, exemptions, and offshore tax havens, the actual tax burden of American companies is much lower. 12.6% in 2010
Nothing significant for the poor & middle class but, BIG BUSINESS has been buying back stock, not creating jobs or trickling down.  #GOPTaxScam
Did you forget about the DOUBLING of the child tax credit?  You probably did. Here, you can read more here:
How? Please explain you answers. This is a test and you will be graded. For life. So far your grade is an F

Filed yesterday!
U didn’t do me any favor
U’ve always been lying POS
UR still a lying POS &
I predict U will always be a lying POS!
As grandpa used to say:
“He’s so crooked that if he swallowed a nail he’d spit up a corkscrew”
#CountryOverParty
#MuellerInvestigation #BlueTsunami
Liar. #BillionairesFirstAct is a scam in the truest sense of the word!
Then read:
Why is the Senate soooooo slow???
The spineless jellyfish finally has something to say!  You, sir, are the exact opposite of a leader, and you’ll be remembered for your cowardice and complicity in this morally bankrupt administration, all for the sake of a tax cut for the rich.  Enjoy your legacy.
Bull***t
You should try reading.
Convince yourself of that lie! Most not falling for the hype!
TAX SCAM BILL! Only benefits the very rich & corporations. My taxes went UP. 10 bucks per week, 520 per year. I make under 50 thousand a year. Thanks so much for adding to this single senior citizen's tax burden. Now you want to mess with Social Security, Medicaid & Medicare.
Liars. You have damaged all of us
I wish it was out with the old (you) and in with the new (literally any politician with a spine)...
If today is the first day then how do you know it's working?
Repeating bullshit doesn’t make it true.

#NumbersDontLie
Kinda like what Election Day 2018 will be like.
#TaxDay and the wealthy 1% are cheering and no doubt donating even more to the GOP. The rest of us sit back and wait for it to trickle down.

The tax code should be abolished. #TaxationIsTheft
Yeah  boy. Out with the old & in with the new is what’s going to happen to you.
Yes it is time for out with the old and in with the new. You and this immoral GOP will be voted out of office. Your morally unfit trump will be impeached. Your tax scam will be repealed.  Sensible gun control legislation will be enacted.

Start reading
Yea the rich and the corporate...
You’re not helping my family at all
So DOUBLING the child tax credit despot help your “family?”
Sir, you are irrelevant to middle class..  

I am paying highest taxes I have EVER paid and am scheduled to pay even MORE next year. Liar.

I dislike liars, especially ones my tax dollars pay for.
@GOP 
@GOPChairwoman 

Warning  this tweet will be a boomerang on you.
Nope. It’s not. You are all charlatans.
Start reading, apparently it helps.

Did you read the article?  Doubling of the child tax credit hardly hurts any family.

And sorry about your son
Thanks
Yes ma’am!  
It's working for the American wealthy, you know all the one's that own you.
Try reading
Fortunately we will turn this around after mid terms. We will stop the @GOP madness. We will  take back our country and kick these crooks out of office. #Resist
Oh, yeah, that's right.. .your #TaxScam...
Looking forward when out with the old and in with the new applies to you!!
Ditto
Do you live in Bizzaro world? Even WSJ and USA Today say the #GOPTaxScam only helps corporations and wealthy stockholders. Middle class benefits are not even permanent.
The lies never cease. Millions of our tax dollars for themselves, doners, and top mega millionaires.
Your #GOPTaxScam has added over a trillion dollars to the deficit @SenateMajLdr This is not #TaxReform just a giveaway to the 1% including yourself. The American people see you and your party for what you are #CorporateRaiders
Your old. Get out

Just keep telling yourself that
What happened to closing those loopholes?
November’s Election Day will be out with those who brought us the #GOPTaxScam
You sold out the American people to give a tax break to big money. Vote him out.

Tweeting something over and over does not make it true. This is a tax break for the wealthiest Republicans! Now you want to steal from Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security to fund it. Shame on you. #GOPTaxScam #BlueWave2018
Shame on him and anyone who votes for him. His behavior since taking office wouldn’t be out of place in a kindergarten and the frustrating thing is it was obvious he would be like this. The man is deeply ignorant, selfish and petty. Not to mention compromised by the Russians.
You just described Feinstein and Pelosi.
Sorry, I do not see how it is benefitting my family, nor the economy in my area.
Out with the old, in with the blue!.
Does that mean you’re leaving?
No, but hopefully you leave Earth
And more money, more money for the already wealthy! You need to own up to your role in the tax code we've lived under for years! As I tweeted Ryan, you should've created a new code with NO loopholes and a flat rate for everyone. IT'S NOT TOO LATE TO CORRECT THE PROBLEM SO DO IT!
Time to retire old man so someone new can take your place. You've lied to us enough!

An excellent motto for term limits.  BTW make tax cuts permanent.
Not a TAX CODE but a TAX CUT.  Billions to the rich, pennies to everyone else, you puffed-up Koch monkey.

It may be working for rich people like you, Mitch. I am getting $4 more a month. Hardly worth the national debt you orchestrated
Your avoidance of opinions on national matters is telling, noticed and unlike a leader.

Congress and the Senate should follow out with the old in with the new
Where are the jobs??!!
You lie, it's a #GOPTaxScam
Hey, where are trumps taxes btw Mitch?
Still wondering why my tax return is lower this year. Thanks for giving me, a hard working American, less money.
Debt clock is gonna start kicking 5 year olds futures ass
Government revenues down, government deficit and debt up, and trickle down is still a fantasy.  
#NotfitForOffice
No moron, it's working for the rich and elite! In fact...You floated with the idea of cutting social security to pay For it....You and your corrupt cohorts are bad for America!
#GOPTaxScam
You have a bad case of the retardation. Try reading:
Your old, I’m new. Out with the old & in with the new:)
Literally all lies.
Try reading:
Who did this work for? I haven't seen any benefit..  I haven't heard all of these people you claim "happy" about the tax cut. Just confusion and a talking point for the GOP in the midterms which will be bloodbath red until the tsunami hits.
"Out with the old and in with the new."
Does that include you Mitch?
Hopefully just you
You’re kidding right?   You cut taxes on the richest Americans while forgetting about #disabledveterans.  Tell us... what have you done to combat the #OpioidEpidemic in #kentucky that’s ravaging communities?  #medicalcannabis has proven to reduce #opioid deaths by 25%.  #22Strong
Negative, try reading:
Always throw gasoline on a hot economy, said no economist ever.
Gfy
Out with @SenateMajLdr, @SpeakerRyan, @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP and in with the #BlueWave 
where’s my $4K raise that you promised?
Speaking of out with the old...
Perhaps this would be a good time for Trump to release his 2017 tax returns - surly they are not already being audited
#TaxScam only good for 1 certain tax group. 

Stupid Turtle 
Lol no it’s not! My pay went down and I’ll shell out MORE for healthcare because you killed the mandate. #breadcrumbs
Retire
Yes, plz
Resign.
