Hypocrisy! The way you Obstructed OBama. Allow the vote to protect  Mueller to proceed or you will be voted out!
Maybe you can explain why you continually to the Democrats.

#Senate Democrats are again making history by requiring @POTUS' Secretary of @StateDept nominee to get a cloture vote. 
Total BS.  He should quit the niceties and ram through every appointee in marathon sessions!
We didn’t put republicans in power to behave like democrats. We the people are supposed to be paying attention to the actions of those who are in DC & vote accordingly. We are a citizen government It’s time for voters to own up. It’s obvious that 49 senate Dems are 49 too many.
Oh stop the child's play and protect the rule of law. Understand your spouse works directly for Trump however!
And you never obstructed... what an ass.
You wrote the book on OBSTRUCTION!
Senator, your legacy will be forever linked to this distorted representation of a commander in chief to whom you, so willfully, pander.
MERRICK GARLAND

I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …
REALLY? The Democrats' obstruction?? MERRICK GARLAND ring a bell? Shame on you. And maybe, just maybe, if he nominated people who aren't hatemongering thieves, they might stand a better chance at confirmation. Ever think of that?
Garrick
You Sir are the BIGGEST OBSTRUCTIONIST THAT WE EVER HAD..SUPREME COURT JUDGE, MUELLER VOTE, etc ...You, one day are going to account for all you have done..There is a God and he doesn't like hypocrites ..
You’re whining about obstruction?????  Bwwahahhaaa!!!  Oh that’s rich!!!
and please be sure to discuss your hypocracy with Merrick Garland

Another reason I will never watch Faux News....
The nominees who can't agree that the SCOTUS decision to end school segregation was the right one? You really count that as qualified? You need to do better vetting.
You are a creep who cares about party over country and if I remember correctly, said publicly you would oppose everything Obama did. You won't oppose potential treason by the current president though. Democracy is dead with you in charge.
Merrick Garland says “hi”.
Ring a bell Mitch?
Make sure you add the historic block of our Democratic SCOTUS choice during the last presidency.
We don’t need a discussion, we need the Nuclear option... Dems are done.. Blacks don’t like them.. Mexicans don’t like them... normal white People don’t like them.. they have no ideas, they have no future.
Oh shut up about Democrats and obstruction.  After the stunt you pulled last year with the Merrick Garland nomination, you have absolutely no right to whine about nominees and appointees getting confirmed.
Mitch - can I call you Mitch?  I dont know who posts this BS in your name, but I hope to God they're sending you the comments!  Here's mine: you are the lowest of the low.  I will never ever again vote Republican, thanks to you.  And, yes, I was a registered Repub for 20 yrs.
@SenSchumer @SenateDems @SenatorDurbin @NancyPelosi @StenyHoyer  == ARE OBSTRUCTIONISTS

HATE AMERICA'S GROWTH
You can list youself & the Speaker as major obstructionists. Do you think we're stupid?
It's just history repeating itself. You did this for 8 years under Obama and now have the audacity to claim obstruction? Go fist yourself, little man.
You are the obstructionist because you refuse to change the 60 vote rule. Look in the mirror, you are the one causing the problems for the Republicans, can you stand up and be a real leader for a change? Reid did it, you can do it. Try it, be a man with some balls.
Why won’t you keep them there 7 days a week till they do their job??
Senate leadership needs to get off the pot & get these nominees nominated & also tackle immigration reform  quit playing around & take off the gloves HIT BACK.
You have waited a year to discuss it why so long your the leader of the party most citizens realized something needed to be done way before now, make them stay 7 days a week until they stop this unpresented behavior you should have already done this if you were doing your job.
Make them work 24/7 to get the work done. They will obstruct as long as you let them! You are in charge.
You  are the biggest hypocrite . So it’s okay for YOU to  block nominees if a Democrat is President but not okay if  they do the same when a Republican is in office??!!?? Go away. #Hypocrisy
Merrick Garland! Merrick Garland !!! Remember him ???
Wow!  Chilling!
Wow. Nikki Haley's approve-disapprove is a sterling 63-17.

Even a majority of DEMS like her -- 55-23. 
Nearly all Americans despise you.
LOL, ya hypocrite. The name Merrick Garland ring a bell?
"I Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY) plan to demonstrate my methods of assisting Donald Trump's sexual perversion of young women more than half his age! "
Do you hear yourself? You treat the American people with utter contempt. We are not all as foolish as the people who believed in you a looong time ago. When people think obstruction it’s you they think of.
You invented obstructionism during the Obama years. So when you talk about historic is 2013 historical enough.
But what I want to know, is how the hell an idiot like you 1) got voted to Congress and 1) got voted to lead the GOP senate, especially when you are one of the most corrupt politicians after Trump.
Keep up the good work Dems!!
you should run for one of those jobs. Maybe if he nominated someone half way qualified.
Recent pic from @NASA of the universe looks just like Jesus.
You blocked Obama Supreme Court pick for 10 months! Added to the 100+ other appointments that say without hearings! Obama selected qualified & VETTED individuals. Trump has list of white men from Heritage Foundation! GOP taught obstruction!! Hypocrites.
I watched James Comey’s candid response to Americans’ several questions concerning our strange #POTUS.

#justgetscuriouserandcuriouser
The historic obstruction started with you, when Pres OBama was in office. I turn off anything that is showing your face and making your voice audible. Can you say #Hypocrisy ?
Why is this allowed
I stayed awake.
You should be in prison for treason. You are hated by most Americans. Go to hell.

REPUBLICANS will pay for your support of the corrupt Trump in November. Go to hell.
Look you partisan hack. You obstructed constantly while Obama was president. You stole a SCOTUS nominee with your obstruction. It's you that are the problem. Trump has done a terrible job of vetting his nominees yet you want to shorten the process.
Do you think we don’t remember your unprecedented obstruction of judicial nominees?!?
You think you pulled off this “coup” but we will never stop resisting it!
"Mr. McConnell, please tell us how you think blocking nominees for positions of power is unfair, partisan politics and counterproductive to the greater good of the country.  Thanks, I'll hang up and listen."
This is rich coming from the master of obstruction. #MerrickGarland
Leader McConnell you are easily walked all over by the Democrat Senators! I implore you to be pro P. Trump and #MAGA. Do not let the Senate vote on a bill to prevent P. Trump from firing conflicted Special Counsel Mueller!! Mueller is another bad apple!!
Merrick Garland.   Remember?
Discuss it? You are the only person in America that can do anything about it!
Make them work overtime
You’re such a bum. Swamp queen. Does Merrick Garland mean anything to you? Unethical @GOP thru and thru.
I think more debate should have gone into Devos, Price, Pruitt, Carson, and Zinke. The whole unethical lot that republicans passed.
Are The nominees getting questioned and debated on? 2 words...Merritt Garland. You're a bunch if hypocrites.
Did you just wake up?  

We know you not a energetic youth and should have retired years ago. Working only a few hours a week but let's get with the program pal.  

Do something or retire.   Your an EXAMPLE WHY WE NEED TERM LIMITS FOR CONGRESS
Drop the filibuster nonsense and go to simple majority !  Enough stonewalling already
What goes around comes around Mitch... you set the precedent.. deal with it

If you croak of natural causes tonight, Mitch, you will *not* be missed.


Mitch McConnell Who Once Obstructed A Supreme Court Nominee Whines About Democratic Obstruction https://www.politicususa.com/2018/04/25/mitch-mcconnell-who-once-obstructed-a-supreme-court-nominee-whines-about-democratic-obstruction.html … via @politicususa
You invented historic obstruction.
Um, what????? Lolololol
Geeze all of this is being recorded...and just wondering exactly how much money you each made when not allowing Garland a moment.
Are you going to reference the obstruction of Supreme Court nominee by none other than you.... you are so beyond your expiration date....
Will you also be discussing you're complete ignorance?
Merrick Garland.
Resist!
Just like you blocked Obama’s right to appoint a justice. Hey hope they hold up everything one of them.
Turtle, oh poor baby is gonna tell on the Democrats cuz they are actually doing their jobs!! They are not supposed to vote for someone cuz 45 says so. Country over party.
Mitch INVENTED OBSTRUCTION... #Tfyta!
Please just go away.  Retiring is the one good thing Paul Ryan ever did. Follow his lead.
Dems continue with historic obstruction.
Republicans continue with criminal acts.
And I thought YOU were the historic obstructionist!!!
The Democrats are taking a page of the GOP.
Obama.  Nothing else needs to be said about obstruction.  You don’t represent the American people.  You just want to win.
Hardly "historic", would have to go A LONG WAY to equal YOUR OBSTRUCTION of President Obama's Administration. #PBIMF
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @WhiteHouse have shot themselves in the foot with their poorly vetted, inexperienced, or troubled nominees. Pinning this on the #Democrats is a political blame game.
Will you be talking about the 8 years of GOP obstruction during Obama’s term? Don’t like being on the receiving end, huh? #GOPObstruction
Hey, did you hear that trump’s attorney just took the fifth?  Hell of a potus ya got there.
MERRICK GARLAND!! What a fungus you are to the Senate.
You keep lying about pushing judges through when you damn well you are allowing the real leader in the senate, Schumer, to lead the obstruction and delay these nominees both in committee and on the senate floor.
And what about your obstruction of Obama’s nomination? When the shoe is on the other foot it pinches, doesn’t it. You are a despicable human being. I wouldn’t want to be anywhere near you. Don’t you have enough money now?  Get out and give the USA a chance to get back to normal.
Two words about “historic” obstruction:  Merrick Garland
This is such rich hypocrisy coming from you. Sit down and be quiet, Mitch. We may have to wait until 2020 with you, but your time is coming, too.
Oh the HYPOCRISY...

Too bad Dems learned 
from the greatest 
Obstructionist in US HISTORY.

Remember when you 
wanted GM & Chrysler 
to go under?

That's Karma Bitch.
Why don't you tell the President to appoint qualified individuals loyal to the Constitution  instead of complaining about the democrats. If Obama ever did what this clown is doing you would have called the wolves out on him. go to FOX and cry 

Ben Carson proposes tripling poor people’s rent — after he blew $31K of taxpayer cash on dining room set https://www.rawstory.com/2018/04/ben-carson-proposes-tripling-poor-peoples-rent-blew-31k-taxpayer-cash-dining-room-set/ …
So your going to tell her your going to can the fillibuster?? Nah, you have to have a pair to do the right thing for the country...huh?
Thanks for reminding me not to watch. You’ve destroyed the senate leadership, undermined the President and sold out the People
The irony of  who blocked a legit SCOTOS nominee for partisan reasons  saying anything boggles the mind.  Go soak your head 
Your job is to press to impeach the president.
I doubt there's much to discuss, what with the Republican majority and lack of nominations.
They learned obstruction  from you turtle boy. What goes around comes around.
You mean you will be lying at 7:00 PM.  remember Merric Garland?   Why don't you go on CNN and answer some questions about him.
With the revelations on Ronnie Jackson being the 'Candy Man', we need to start drug test 4 all @WhiteHouse staffers, the House and Senate. If you're willing 2 drug test SNAP recipients, et, al, WE THE PEOPLE DEMAND ALL BRANCHES OF GOVERNMENT BE DRUG TESTED NOW! #DrugTestCongerss
You have got to be kidding me, Mitch McCognitive Dissonance.
MERRICK GARLAND
Watched it.
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#CorruptGOP 
#ComplicitGOP
#ProtectMueller 
#VoteThemOut 
#DonateBlue
Senate should not recess until confirming the President’s nominees.

Look in the mirror hypocrite
You gonna talk about your own obstruction first?
GALATIANS 6: 7-9 (KJV) 
7: Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. 
8: For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption; but he that soweth to the Spirit shall of the Spirit reap 
life everlasting."
The turtle-sized balls on this man...
Mitch is part of the #TrumpCrimeSyndicate along with @seanhannity.  Obstruction?  LMAO!  #MerrickGarland
Looking forward to it!
Keep the heat on!
Obstruction?  LOL  #MerrickGarland  I call bullshit on the turtle.
Oh?  Sounds like a page out of YOUR PLAYBOOK
Please remember to bring up Merrill Garland too
I sense the mood of the country is going Trump way don't believe the Media. This Jewish Navy veteran stands with president Trump. Time for The Republican leadership to fight for our president or Miss History
You are too okd to get it
How about your obstruction to MAGA not giving America majority back remove 60 legislate. Senate most corrupt partisan body of congress @realDonaldTrump @VP
Historic? Really? Remember your instructions to GOP when Obama was elected? Mmhmm...
pot calling the kettle black.the difference between you and the current democrats is they  take exception to YOUR policies. you obstructed obama on everything for 8 straight years.
Look in the mirror-the problem starts with you
Merrick Garland.
Will there be any mention of the obstruction of building the wall, repealing Obamacare, reducing spending, government cuts, or national reciprocity?
Hypocrite!
How many are just NOT qualified? Many examples: a nominee to be federal judge and the candidate have never argued a case in court,
Be a man with a set of balls and state how Republicans went all out on preventing progress in the USA. You have no balls? Typical deformities that Kentuckians who represent you have...
Unbelievable,  you complaining about obstruction! 

You're such a hypocrite.

All you did for years was obstruction.
Debate over poor choices, it’s their patriotic duty. Spin spin spin.
You mean Ronny? Drinking on the job, over prescribing drugs, creating hostile work environment, disruptive behavior. What's not to love? Dr. Ronny Jackson reportedly wrecked a government vehicle when he was drunk at a party. https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/ronny-jackson-allegations_us_5ae0e5f8e4b04aa23f1ed19d … via @HuffPostPol
You are in charge. We need you to get these nominees appointed no more 30 hrs get it done in the name of the republic of america
If that ain't the pot calling the kettle black.
If Trump's nominees are anything like Admiral Jackson who Trump nominated on a whim without proper vetting is it any wonder?
You have become irrelevant. Stop banging the same old drum on dems.  You are talking yourself, I hope, out of a job.
You parrot trump and know full well that 1. these nominees are NOT qualified and 2. You blocked everything you could from Obama.  Your words just don't hold water.
Resign.
Merrick Garland

Will you be discussing how drunk driving is now acceptable along with p***y grabbing?
YOU are the biggest obstructionist this country has ever seen. What a joke. And you are responsible for what's going on in D.C.  If you had not been such an obstructionist and if the GOP had not done so much gerrymandering, things would not be this bad.
Please everyone don't watch. Let ratings show how Americans really feel about this liar
Why would anyone want to listen to the worst Senate leader in history.
Make sure to mention your groundbreaking obstructionism during the Obama years when you discuss causes of this.
You oughta step down from your role at majority leader. Your hypocrisy & your egregious actions regarding the Senate is absolutely unacceptable.
Based on the one's that have been approved, your track record is not so good.
You should really talk about the poor candidates that have been provided for judgeships and cabinet members.  This country would prefer the best and brightest and not the least qualified and most corrupt.
Ahhhh stop smiling if that what it is, Mitch the obstructionist
Do YOUR job and change the rules. You know damn well the Democrats would/did when it was to their benefit. At the rate you're going it will take 11 years to get people confirmed! Start by working more than two days a week naming post offices!
Crying McConell- let’s see, you are going on a pretend new program to speak about pretend legislative obstruction.  Again, one only has to look at you and the disgusting and abhorrent tactics pulled by GOP during the Obama years while he worked to fix the economy GOP broke!
