I'm sick of your patronizing attitude towards voters.  Your conduct is very disappointing
Ballooning the deficit.   Great job!
Our cuts are minuscule, shrink over next several years. P.S. there’s no reform. So quit selling us the lies.
Not so for everyone e, @SenJoniErnst - our preparer told us to be prepared for increase in taxes paid next year due to elimination of deductions- thanks for nothing! 
Wait... You mean the #TaxScam? 
Relief to Iowans. Right. 
Go peddle that breadbag full of crap somewhere else, Joni.
We had pulled out of Tpp because it wasn't free trade other nations imposed tariffs on U.S. But we couldn't reciprocate . You can't withdrawal without paying money like eu and UK . Last part nobody discusses is as follows
It allowed business a recourse to sue the United States of America for regulations that harm their businesses . Have you thought of sanctions ? You sanction one country Russia no this Singapore business can sue the American people .
You have to love uninformed representatives . Why are farmers dependent on China ? Have you asked yourself that question . Farming products have industrial uses , furniture ,adhesives cars ,booze , plastics ,lubricants biofuels etc etc Etc .
What does that tell Joni Ernest ? Does Joni Ernest know what going on in world  farmers have competitors . Bring back industry to US and farmers will have job security . Your plan I give five yrs before they fold up their farms. You must think LONG TERM . CRY BABIES .
We,are sick of all of you.
#TaxRelief
Look at all the comments, @SenJoniErnst, Not one constituent buys the crap you're selling.  You increased the national debt by $1.9 TRILLION DOLLARS to cut taxes for your Koch Brothers corporations. We're going to vote you out. #BlueWaveIowa
Richard Snodgrasses (Dick Weeds) all of you. How is mitch's drug smuggling business going? How many more GOP Pro-lifer mistresses had to have an abortion? When did taking Porn stars, playboy bunnies, etc to the house your kids live in considered "family Values"?
https://www.facebook.com/goneleftliberal/videos/1914653222166916/ …

Amazon made $5.6 billion in 2017 and paid no federal income taxes. #TaxDay https://www.seattlepi.com/business/tech/article/Amazon-paid-no-US-income-taxes-for-2017-12713961.php …

Good grief. You all are relentless with the lies.
McConnell's wife is in the Trump cabinet, so he is NOT bringing a vote to protect Mueller.
And to think, all this relief only cost us $1.9 trillion to the deficit, cuts to Medicare/Medicaid and eventually cuts to Social Security, if they have their way.

Can't wait for the next recession they put in motion.  Thanks a bunch.
Great job helping the needy Billionaires, who can't afford to live on Fifty Million Dollars a year.  However could they afford to enlarge their Mansions, travel all over the world in aging private jets, and support their Republican Politician Puppets?
If President Trump wanted to help the middle class, he would have forced corporations to pass on their massive tax cut directly to workers — but he didn’t do that. He gave corporations a big fat tax rebate and they just got a big fat paycheck. #taxday #GOPTaxScam
I’m sure the rich noticed the extra money.  As for the common folk, sorry, not getting back enough to notice!
BS
Support for families by SLASHING Education, TANF, Food Stamps, and Medicaid!
Modernized Tax Code to SLASH the 1%'s Taxes and create a $1.9 DEFICIT!
Invest in employees with Stock buybacks and CEO BONUSES!
MORE #FakeNews
LOL- Are you telling lies again?
until 2020 when the bottom falls out. 
For the ratio.

And with that we come full circle from 2016, when McConnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about Russian tampering during the election. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
Where are Trump’s returns? And no, I didn’t get relief from your scam.
Saving my bread bags for the winter

Thanks to the #GOPTaxScam, wealthy executives are laughing all the way to the bank - while working Americans are stuck holding the bag. A reminder of who comes first in Trump’s Washington. https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2018/04/13/how-companies-spend-tax-windfall/505122002/ …

Stormy Daniels reacts to Pres. Trump's denial he knew anything about $130,000 payment made to her: "I work in the adult business and I'm a better actor than he is." http://abcn.ws/2CcjBVI  
After today, the very few will do even better than before. Plus many seeking healthcare are screwed. You are incapable of helping Main Street.
#stockbuybacks......
Joni dahling, the last Corp. Tax Break during the Bush era created nearly 0 jobs. However they did reinvest into their own companies, were successful with major stock buy backs etc. Remember the Debt rose from 0-6trillion? by 2007 highest un-employment since the "Depression"
The new GOP tax bill --- brought to you by the Koch brothers:

"Working to make the rich richer and the poor poorer since 1981"
What a scam! We'd like the old tax code back, thank you very much! #GOPTaxScam

Always slim on details, Joni.
Does anyone in the GOP tell the truth anymore?  It is a real question.

You lie!
The #gopTaxScam you mean?

Donald Trump and Republicans sold their $1.5 trillion tax cut as boon for workers. Months after the bill passed the truly big winners will be corporations and 1% shareholders. Over 60% of the gains are going to stock buybacks to increase share value. Vote republicans out #TaxDay
Resign.
I am happy to support my country and pay my fair share in taxes.. are you and Trump paying your fair share based on income? #TaxScam
Great. Let’s celebrate tax cuts for millionaires at the expense of social security and Medicaid. This is a scam and you know it.
idk about that one, Joni
Yes, most Trump supporters just believe what you tell them but the rest of us know how to read and you Fuc*#• us! This is your last term, say goodbye to politics.
Senator the tax cuts were for the wealthy! I’m more concerned with the fact that you did not pay for them!
Dear Phoni Joni: I didn’t notice the $1.42 a week, But you did well for the economic elite who reap 90 pct of the perks.
The benefits to the wealthy are significantly larger than what Joe Six-Pack in Stanton receives.
Your party’s answer for how the tax cut is paid for? Cut social security, Medicare and Medicaid.  

Way to look out for the people (barely) living paycheck to paycheck, Joni.
Republican thieves stealing as much as they can before they are voted out for good! All of their avenues for stealing elections are under scrutiny. They can’t possibly win ever again.
RIPOFF OF THE WORKING CLASS!
Bla BlA bla were are getting screwed
WHO ARE YOU TRYING TO CONVINCE, THE AVERAGE AMERICAN GOT TOTALLY SCREWED OVER WITH YOU TAXCUT FOR THE RICH.  QUIT LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WE ARE NOT THAT DUMB AND NOVEMBER WILL SHOW THAT TO THE GOP IN FORCE.#BlueWave2018
Well, the top wage earners will thank you. All the projects put on hold because the tax dollars will no longer be there, which employ people to do the projects, won't. Plus our credit rating will be dropping. So, no thanks here.
The federal deficit for this March alone was $208 Billion, up sharply from 2017. What are you and the Republican Party doing about it? The Koch Brothers didn't need a tax cut!

The tax bill didn't help working families. #taxscam 
You know (I hope) what's in there and I'm throwing the old BS flag on this post!  Here's what your leader is doing to the farmers in Iowa and the United States!  http://money.cnn.com/2018/04/17/news/economy/china-us-sorghum-antidumping/index.html …  The soybean story is on there too!
TRICKLE DOWN HAS NOT WORKED FOR OVER 40 YEARS! 
It is the Only game the Republicans Have! 
Pay their Donors Pay  and the 1% ! 
People DO BETTER WHEN DEMOCRATS HAVE CONTROL! 
These are ALL TRUE FACTS!
Especially the hyper-rich, and corporations that are under no obligation to pass those savings on to employees
Party stooge.
Uh huh. Had to increase my withholding as my taxes are going up. #GOPTaxScam
This is lies- YOU should tell IOWA the truth- this bill in about 2-3 years will screw us & will BENEFIT the rich! & have you given back the NRA’s millions of dollars?
The national debt is 21 trillion and growing....

We know how this movie ends....
Also see how it adds $1,900,000,000,000 to the national debt, which will affect the country for generations.
