I’ll let Chuck speak for himself.

#RepublicratMitch
Well it’s about damn time!!! The stalling is absolutely disgraceful. I hope the highly qualified Ambassador to Germany nominee @RichardGrenell is first on the list. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and the USA need our ambassadors!!!
Is this tweet a joke?
Which tweet — mine or McConnell’s
McConnell's of course
I think it was serious. Hope so anyway
Great, can you please have all these “highly qualified” people figure out how to help the Americans in #FlintWaterCrisis, Michigan? An embarrassment for our country - the world is watching. @SpeakerRyan @IvankaTrump #WaterIsLife
More criminals and rich guys who are corrupt and work for special interest groups to help destroy the working people of our country? What is wrong with you? You should be ashamed
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
If you don't like the fact Garland was not confirmed Blame Joe Biden he was the one that said no SCOTUS Judge nominations during an election year.  Dems made the rules so LIVE BY THEM
Like Pruitt?
This should have been done long ago! McConnell is just another corrupt RHINO.
Booo
#ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein
What a crock!  I call B.S.!
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
BLAME JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDENJ OE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN JOE BIDEN
Highly qualified???? Geez! Apparently,  many may have been fired, forced out, or just gone.  Are there any qualified left? America is loosing faith in the "best & brightest" claim.
Your face looks puffy.  Are you okay?  #KellyannePolls can help you if it’s opioids.  Looks more like hemroids just below your nose.
You should set up a monthly tweet showing your progress on this. Need to see objective results.
ROFL!!!!!!! If being a criminal, sex offender, wife beater, etc is “qualified”. Republican Party is a joke
there is NOTHING qualified about potus..... NOTHING.     impeach.  remove.   impeach.
The rest of the world respects @POTUS and American troops. The world knows that you globalist' are the problem. They know you guys and that you're knee deep in doodoo. Just like Barry sotero
Seriously, @SenateMajLdr are you on crack?
"Highly qualified nominees"?!? OMG! How can you say that? #Trump only has nominated those he owes favors to & those the loudest enemies of the groups he hates the most (@EPA @CFPB etc). #TrumpisaDisgrace #ImpeachTrump #filthy #Corrupted #disgusted
Shame on you,  McConnell!  You need to protect Mueller so he can do his job.  What are you afraid of?
We know the “quality” nominees Trump are embarrassing. Thank you for not confirming any more #incompetent people and while your at it #ImpeachTrumpNowASAP then #resign yourself. Thank You #GOPYesMan #collusion #WednesdayWisdom
It's seems to all of America and actually the world, that you're hiding something that may be exposed if @POTUS ' agenda is carried out. Alot of people think you're a pedo.
"....@POTUS Highly qualified nominees....."? Are you kidding me or something... tell me who is qualified in this administration, @realDonaldTrump, @BetsyDeVosED, @SecretaryCarson etc
Are you insane????
Why don't you work to advance JUSTICE and do something about corrupt Mueller investigation ignoring the mountain of evidence against Clinton while trying to destroy a legally elect President out of SPITE. Your silence on this matter is DISGUSTING
Qualified like the corrupt Scott Pruitt, Tom Price, Ben Carson?
More temps !
TRAITOR TO THE USA
McConnell refuses to allow vote on bill to protect Mueller http://hill.cm/seBdIhz  
Stop.  Please stop.
Seeing is believing.
AS IF .....
Your potus is nominating people who should be in jail.  The are destroying our country.
Sure.
Sure, yeah, right...
And please pass legislation he wants while you are at it. If the #GOP want TRUMP supporters to come out to vote in November they better get with the program. I am telling you at 8 out of every 10 GOP voters are TRUMP voters and out of those 8, at least 4 will not vote .
That would be stupid. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump needs EVERYBODY to get out and vote or all progress we have made will be wiped away by bitter dems
But they won't. That is what will happen. There are 2 kinds of TRUMP supporters in case you didn't figure that out after he signed Omnibus. One half approves of everything he does & refuses to utter a bad word against him, that half will forgive, forget & vote GOP no matter what
Then the other half will hold TRUMP's feet to the fire & mouth off at him when he does something they don't like. They will WALK if he pushes them. That half will not vote GOP no matter what could happen . They look at 'Why should we vote 4 them, they haven't done a damn thing'
And both sides have that right to be who and what they are and Trump supporters as a whole shouldn't attack other supporters for not handling it their way. That would be similar to how liberals treat all TRUMP supporters.
Laughable
Highly qualified  #MAGA
GET IT DONE GET IT DONE GET IT DONE ! YOU GUYS HAVE SHOWED YOURSELVES WEAK ! DO SOMETHING !
Worthless!!!! You and Ryan walking the fence...either you are in or you’re out!!! With us or against us...make your stand!!!!
Klan bot
PROTECT MUELLER!!!!!
"Highly qualified".  Just because you say the words it does NOT make it so. AND THE COMING CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS IS ON YOU AND YOUR CORRUPT RUSSIAN-PAID CRONIES!!!!
#FillerbusterNOW
Yah, right. @SenateMajLdr Talk is cheap. We’re on to you. #SenateGOP #HouseGOP #DrainTheSwamp in Congress and get some work done! @realDonaldTrump
F--off you boneless lump
All of America now knows the level of your incompetence and corruption. The mere fact that our #POTUS  has had to operate without a full cabinet is outrageous and speaks volumes about the Republican leadership
DO YOUR JOB!!!
I know you won't. You could vote in all of them today if you would. You already know all these people, what is all the foot dragging for?
Do you want to return power to the congress then Act for Gods Sake. Save your country. Looking in to what you are doing it looks like a shambles and you have not done enough. You make things to complicated do what you said you would
Really? Where did you find highly qualified candidates or are you being ironic?
Really ? Piss poor effort so far. You really have not moved  fast enough. You will lose votes. The omnibus was a shambles. Ur in power for goodness sake. Impeach rosenstien for stonewall. Get rid of sessions for Gods sake. U look like you working against pres
About time

Are you tone deaf to the trouble POTUS is in?  And you stand behind him, write these BS tweets and act like he isn’t under a huge investigation with guilty pleas and indictments already?  You are on the wrong side of history.  Do your job that the American people pay you to do!
You are talking about nonsence. Do not ignore the intolerable actions if the FBI yesterday. Speak up.

Highly qualified candidates? Are they "highly qualified" in the same way as his cabinet members that have spent hundreds of thousands on fancy accomadations, 1st class and private flights, furniture, etc?
Please do-fill the posts!
Hearing you complain about the democrats "abusing the system" to dealy appointments is a joke.  You were the master of doing this when you refused to consider SC justice appointments not too long ago!
I sure hope so.
Oh?  You folks”work”?
Clearly more qualitfied than @BetsyDeVos who has zero qualifications.
Go back to your hole Mitch. Get more unqualified people forced thru with your rebublican majority
You need to protect Mueller from trump. If you do not, you can kiss the Republican  psrty goodbye.  Republican attorney general, personally selected by trump, approved the raid  on Cohen. Stop being spineless or you and your wife need to go back to your Kentucky homestead
“Highly qualified.”  . You’re the least popular Senator in the nation, shut up and #resign.

Will that include Rick grenell
@GOP: Stop slow-walking and obstructing @POTUS nominees. Congress has become dysfunctional. Restore the integrity of our government and so called public officials. Remember...legislators serve the public and  American citizens first, not illegal immigrants. #ProudAmerican. 
Mr McConnell, please step aside.we need true conservatives in office.  You funded planned parenthood and that is a very sad thing for millions of unborn babies.
Dont let trump and GOP hijack our America: Authoritarianism is a Gvt of centralized  power and takes away political and personal freedoms. Citizen rights become subordinate to the Gvt. “there is no longer constitutional accountability under an authoritarian regime” VOTE

He's only been in the @WhiteHouse for over a YEAR...You just figuring this out?  ONLY need 51%...DO YOUR JOB!  @GOP
MERRICK. GARLAND.
MERRICK GARLAND...Do you remember that name as you cry about obstruction by the Democrats?
Can't wait to see your sorry ass voted out....
Build the wall and stand with your President or get out of office and take Lindsey Graham with you...
Our national debt is out of control. As interest rates rise, it will only get worse. CBO just presented dire news about our future. Teachers in red states are walking out of classrooms for better conditions And you are yelling for a Wall?
YEAH, AND I HOPE YOU'RE NOT ONE OF EM!

i sure hope so! so far, on this task u' all have been very slack - ask @SenSchumer if he could run his office w/most of his staff not in-place - could U, ldr??? I do not think so!!! need @POTUS 's people put into place ASAP!!!
It’s about time! What r u waiting for 2020?
Appointees should have the best interest of the country, not conflicts of interest.

Scott Pruitt works for big oil.
John Bolton is a volatile war hawk.
Gina Haspel is just a dirty cop.
De Vos ? Uneducated.
DT is a self serving egomaniac who appoints minions. 
SHAME ON YOU ALL.
And sir, we will diligently work to put you and your GOP traitorous colleagues out of office, forever. Goodbye.
HAHAHA. You said POTUS and highly qualified in the same sentence.  You’re funny.  They’ll get fired within 6 months.  #revolvingdoorwhitehouse
Too bad that's ALL you're doing!
Surely you jest
Are there any qualified canadates? Are there any candidates without criminal records? Are there any who are not under investigation?

You mean the latest inept criminals to join the gang... torture queen , epa hater who doesn’t  care about clean air & water, unqualified Devos  etc.  what a line up! The best people. Stars all.  Can steal, lie, entitled to be above the law!
Larry, Curly and Moe up next?
The truth about nominees since the GOP promotes more fake info.
Iowans want to see that happen! Excellent job Sir.
You might be high if you truly believe this, you bloviated boot licker!
And Impeachment too
It's about friggin time.
Bwhahaha you can’t seriously say that with a straight face
Finally doing your f’ing job? You are a piece of s#%+ you should be arrested for fraud against voters! @realDonaldTrump @StephenMilIer @seanhannity
It is about time. Make them work overtime and weekends until it is done.
Your brain’s not working right, Mitch.
But he’s retained his ability to kneel.
Before there’s a warrant to search their offices?
To replace all the highly qualified staff that were fired or quit. 
Go nuclear!
how about a comment Mitch about the meltdown today at WH.
Your guy ranted about his own issues for minutes during "war room" meeting.
Trying to tear down FBI, JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, JUDICIAL SYSTEM.

Coward or Complicit Mitch.   Are you leaving historians and your heirs to decide?
President Obama's Secretary of Energy was a nuclear scientist. Trump's is this guy.
"Highly qualified"
Well you should be telling President he is out of control claiming him and his cronies are above the law. Attacking the rule of law is dictator territory.
You are a FOOL
You’re confusing the cesspool with the talent pool again Mitch.
You mean extremely biased candidates?  You refused to hear Garland so shut up

I would suggest going #Nuclear, if necessary, to approve nominations, but that would take #gonads and a #spine.

#DitchMitch
#ReplaceRyan
If they go nuclear when democrats rage over in November, goodbye to republicans. McConekl knows it.

You need to ask Commander Bonespurs to go ahead and pardon each one of them BEFORE they’re confirmed.  Cuts down on paperwork.

“Highly” qualified like Pruitt? No thanks 
What....MORE unexperienced company billionaire CEO's with NO political experience?? You call that "highly qualified"?? NOPE I don't & you and that entire GOP circus up there in DC is a total soap opera joke.
You make me sick. It's been 14 months.
I always knew your brain was up trumps ugly ass
Vote on ALL of them.  Your lack of leadership in confirming these nominees has been disgraceful.  At the speed you have been going, it will take over eleven years to confirm all of them.  You should be ashamed.
This should’ve already been done! More stalling by Congress! This has NEVER HAPPENED FOR OTHER @POTUS.  Any explanation as to why Republicans have the house and senate yet our President keeps getting the short end of the stick? Pathetic leadership IMO.
Pruitt? Zinke? DeVos? Carson? Trump chooses the best? Highly debateable. Fires Tillerson, McMasters. Who  would want a job in this zoo.  They  should add swinging doors to the WH.
Don’t you get tired of kissing his ass?  You know they are not highly qualified
about time you start doing your jobs!
Highly qualified like Trump? I hope selling out for him was worth it. If there is a hell, your spot is reserved.
I trust you about as far as I can throw my http://piano.You  should all remit your last 15 months paychecks back to the treasury department to be shared among citizens that have watched you NOT work for 15 months.Shut up and do your job.
Better start thinking about advancing someone to replace Trump himself.
We’re done with senate dragging their feet!   approve Grenell and all Trump’s appointees!!!!!
Highly qualified? Are you kidding me? @BetsyDeVosED and @EPAScottPruitt are far from highly qualified to be running agencies.  They are qualified at ripping off taxpayers.
Yes-
Let’s get these nominees confirmed!
What really gets me, he wanted those people, he plcked em, you have a criminal in the white house, you always turn a blind eye to his actions and the reflection it gives to other countries, he talks down everyone around him, from you not a word, disgraceful administration!
I just spit my coffe out laughing st this preposterous statement.
Sure you will you RINO! Bet you’re all in to stall things and keep your power. Get on board and punch people through so Trump has help
There are no qualified people in this administration- why would he break with precedent now?
If the nominees you've approved so far are any indication you're not qualified to judge who's highly qualified or not. Besides that, you aren't qualified to be anything since you kiss Trump's butt. Russian $$ sure does buy loyalty at the cost of your soul.


Its about damn time!! America is not happy with our do nothing, slow tracking politicians. Remember you all work for us!!!!!
and ignore the criminal president  also,  judges don't have to be on your side once they are confirmed
Don’t let him play with bombs
OMG!!! that is the most hilarious tweet of the day. this hasn't aged well. Lol!
Finally!
Mitch-we need to see your efforts. So far we are all disgusted with this OMNIBUS bill that funded PP and didn’t fund the wall. You & Ryan messed up bigley.
funny
STOP TALKING!! I'M DONE WITH YOU!
Protect Mueller and our democracy.
You have got to be joking!
Get the hell out....we voted Trump in as president you have shown your hand......never forget that
About time McConnell, next call for votes on the over 200+ bills pass by the House awaiting a Senate vote. Time the Senate did a day’s work like Americans do every day! Call the VOTES!!!!!
So many untruths to that statement. A @GOP controlled Senate doing work? Ha!
Highly qualified? Ha! POTUS? Ha! In title only. Completely lacking the ability, the decency, the wisdom of an American President.
About time
Head in the sand. Retire.
they are like the mob, I take that back, the real mob had more class than the bozo's Trump picks.  Is the WH next to be raided by FBI,  have popcorn ready You Ryan and trump all going down
Lol. April fools day is over.
Hey Dingleberry, the FBI is breathing down your Little Twitler’s neck...
I’m looking forward to the Leader’s next appearance at the Comedy Connection.
Great news! It’s only you over 1 year! In the corporate world you would’ve been fired.
"highly qualified nominees" really? Don't think so! More from the RCE, Republican Criminal Enterprise of the United States!
Not relevant
GLASS not blast 
Highly qualified may be overly optimistic given what we are seeing in his administration.
Did you say that with Sarcasm?  I hope so.  Otherwise you are not paying attention to what is right under your turtle neck!!  Coroption at its best!  You suck!!
#mitcheyneedstogo #TermLimits #GOPComplicit #DemForce #TheResistance #VoteThemOut
Yep. Like Federal judge appointments with zero court experience! Nothing but the best!! Lmao the GOP and you are a bunch of idiots. Resign!

We need a wall and fix immigration- get on the President’s band wagon or time to retire ( a Ky resident and voter)
Why are all the BOTS found following GOP ? is that you Mitch ?
And hopefully to remove you.
Like the Education secretary who doesn't know the difference between minimum standards and improvement, or the judge who didn't know what a gavel was?
Laughable..an oxymoron #Trumpistheworstpresidentever
What are you going to do about Trump? He is obviously very greasy If you don’t stand up for the constitution and the rule of law, the Republican Party will vaporize Are you alright with that? Investigators have some devastating evidence. #spiesinthewhitehouse
Stole obama’s SCOTUS pick!  I hope it takes long enough so this criminal in chief can’t get anyone appointed before he’s hauled off in handcuffs #IllegitimatePresident
#turtlemitch crawl back in your shell. Haven’t u caused enough damage
You’re shameless
You are guilty of dereliction of duty and some of the things that you've done and continue to allow trump to do seem treasonous.  You should be ashamed of yourself and your party.
You might want to watch the news tonight..
