WOLF ON SHEEP'S CLOTHING
Increases to military spending are simply increases in taxpayer-funded welfare for defense contractors. Our massively over-sized military needs to be cut. It is draining away the life blood of America. We need #Infrastructure, #HealthCare and serious action on #ClimateChange.
Ilove Ike! I love Eisenhower Republicans
He warned us, so did JFK and yet here we are, congress filled with millionaires on 194k a year working for corporations NOT the American ppl. #StormTheBastille

Pass the appropriation bills the House sent to you!  Support our President - we elected him for a reason!!!!  Support America!!
Supporting our troops is more American than supporting our traitor POTUS.
Except that our POTUS is not a traitor, and he supports our troops too.
@SenateMajLdr is the broken cog ~ he's more worried about his wallet than getting the job done, that he was elected to do. NO MORE EXCUSES!
Really ? You think 2.4% is a good increase
The fact is you ran the senate and wouldn’t give service-members a raise the last 8 years
What cuts???? I havent noticed any.
We now know why you've been slow walking all OUR Presidents nominees!! You and chunky are two peas in a very corrupt pod!! Resign NOW... Or pay the consequences!!!! Your time is up!! Might want to get your wife out, too, before she is LOCKED UP!!!!!!

you and ryan sold us out mitch !
plain and simple !
you caved to the dems,and we all see that !
this is a horrible bill, and could have been better negotiated !! but noooo.......you and paul had to give the dems everything they wanted !
when they applaud, WE LOSE !
get it ?
Get back to the constitution rules of simple majority !!!  We voted for Donald Trump for a reason !! The Senate is so cumbersome the Dems control everything you do! Makes you look like an bumbling idiot & ineffective.
U know this isn't true. There's no decline. #Kentucky, vote this traitor out..
Put an end to the WARS!  They will all be happier.  It is your war industry again your reward.  How about standing up, doing your job and stopping this president from destroying out country.
Including the "bells and whistles" for our aircraft carriers?

@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenateGOP
PLEASE STEP DOWN
You gave yourselves a raise. The PEOPLE are pissed
Congratulations on rewarding your owners with our money.  We are plenty combat ready and you are not fooling anybody.
Such BS
And millions and millions going to countries that hate us. But you are rich so what does it matter.
I've voted Republican my whole life.  What a fool I've been. I'm done.
I wonder how many liberal pet social programs and stupid grants, not to mention planned parenthood, (oh did I mention it?) were fully funded or increased?
What ever you are saying is all right. But we should stop the huge waist we have in defense department and this is some thing in history of this country, no body was able to do. This need to be done, can this administration do this?
You mention a "huge waist..." 
Are you saying we need to cut funding on food supplies for the DoD?
I am not saying to cut food supplies for DoD.  I am saying the gold commode in defense dept for $ 20K some time ago, this is just an example.  I am sure you may find the details.
We spend more than China and Russia COMBINED, while Americans in PR are without power for over 6 months.
What peace? Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Niger....
yes, I’m sure terrorists take a look at the US defense budget and say “oh, wait...NOPE!”
Using your theory, since there were no terrorist attacks during the Obama presidency, apparently defense budget was more than adequate.
Russian asset, you will rot in prison, so will CocaineElaine
You are dirty!!! You’ve been exposed! Resign gracefully! In other words... YOU’RE A CROOK, a RINO, & you need to be REPLACED! Your buddy, Ryan, needs to go too! #DrainingTheSwamp #MAGA
And plenty of money for the WALL. RIGHT!!!
Oh, and don’t forget to make sure congress starts receiving and following the same benefits and laws we do!
So why not defund planned parenthood? In the future, You want to go after SS and Medicare so stop funding illegals, planned parenthood, payback what you owe to SS first!
Keep lying Mitch. It’s what you’re best at.
Our military spends more ezch year than the NEXT 10 BIGGEST NATION COMBINED!!  Including China, Russia, Turkey, ....  How much more $ does our military need now ???
We have the largest military in the world versus the next 26 countries COMBINED. All of whom are allies. Wrong again Mitch.
Mitch, you are telling lies again!
Mitch! Now honey, tell the truth. Stop Lying.
See! Mitch is Pinocchio. Bad Mitch!
When are you going to call for a special second counsel to investigate the Clintons, the FBI, and the DOJ? You are a sad excuse for a leader of the Republicans. Can't wait to vote against you in your next election!
What decline in combat readiness?
Or are we getting them ready for more combat someplace where they aren't already fighting?
How much money are you getting from Russia this year.
#warmonger
Do not pass this bloated budget. Don't support planned parenthood with tax dollars. You do so against every constituent that voted republican.
My cousin toured twice in Iraq and has PTSD and spine problems. The VA refuses him surgery. The VA supplies him with unqualified therapists. He needs help!
Stop caving to Dems. Do as you promise. Manup.
Give them a portion of the money you collect that you don't deserve because you aren't doing shit!
@PentagonPresSec Was there a problem with combat readiness?
How does more money solve that problem?
After outspending the next several countries combined for decades, how is money an issue?
You're a traitor.  You will be remember in US history next to Benedict Arnold.
#1 SENATE LEADER TROJAN HORSE RINO
#1 HOUSE LEADER TROJAN HORSE RINO
BOTH STILL A ANTI USA THREAT 
BOTH STILL THERE
Yea Right. We know you are a traitor.
I'm all for the re-building and the pay raise.  Where is spending truncated to reduce both the deficit and the debt?
Disproportionate cuts?      We have a YUUUUGE & bigly  defense budget—it’s merely badly managed by corrupt enablers of the sellers of $600 toilet seats!
As much money as we already spend on the military, why are they not "combat ready?" Money ain't the problem obviously. Sad.
#ConfirmGrenell
Reduce defense spending.
THATS a positive  Now get the Millions of Veterans off The Streets  Release non violent persons from Prisons Remodel and turn into Housing for the Homeless Vets and others  low cost or FREE 4Veterans try living on 1200$ a month Mitch ur totally clueless N Accepted  Millions NRA$$
Where's the $$$ for the wall?
Sure your support of the military is only because you are using them ! Try line idem spending bills let’s see how much support your. Out of control spending goes then !  That Spending Bill is putting our children in debt
There was NEVER a decline in military readiness. There is, however, a decline in leadership in the Senate.
Funding sanctuary cities and planned parenthood is not what need to be done we want the wall ! #MAGA
#DefundPP #DefundSanctuaryCities #BuildThatWall #BuildTheWall #omnibus
Reel in Linsey graham his constant threats to our @POTUS does not serve well for the party! Same with @JeffFlake . Mueller investigation over. Nothing there.  Comey, Clinton , holder , McCabe lynch. Now there is a problem. Stop all this personal nonsense @VP
Tell the Dems to that Mueller linkage to budget doesn't work and should not be a reason to not fund the government. If they try to do it kill the filibuster rules and get the government working for all Americans
Literally false. The military has been exempt from almost all budget cuts.
Do not fund Planned Parenthood or Sanctuary cities or Obamacare subsidies.  Be a conservative NOT a damn democrat.
MITCH
SO you are on a soup diet? No wonder you look so thin!
We spend more on our military than the next ten nations combined, if that isn’t enough, we are getting ripped off by military contractors and there needs to be an investigation
That's great. 

We want the WALL!!  

DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD!! 

DEFUND SANCTUARY CITIES!!

Support the president's agenda whom WE ELECTED.  

STOP BEING INCOMPETENT BACKSTABBERS.
And what about veterans who have to wait days and weeks for care. Where is the help for homeless vets?  U must do more now.
We have an inflated military budget.
Cool, if only the GOP hadn’t overwhelmingly voted for the sequester in 2013. So... your fault.
you're a liar! You've sold us out again by giving the @DNC everything including financing Plan/prnthd. and utlimatel the DNC - If you're really honest, do like your predecessor. Re-do a bill for military - ask 4 up/down vote! @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump
Our country spends more on defense than the next 5 countries COMBINED.

You have no credibility, none.
First the tax scam.
Then remaining silent as the traitor in the WH sells our...OUR...democracy to Russia.

Go to hell.

#GrabThemByTheMidterms 
#TrumpTaintLasts4Ever
And will Russia be paying for that or the American tax payers who can barely make ends meet?
That’s BS and you know it! Don Rumsfeld under Bush started the downsizing of the DOD and you morons agreed with the sequester! Kill Obamacare and Build the Wall or you’re going to get a huge dose of apathy this fall!
More BS from you.
What about Russia Mitch?? Do you think we can't see you?? Do you think we don't understand how you have sold us out? Do you honestly think we will ever forget how you have betrayed our democracy??
You will be remembered in history as a traitor
#ImpeachTrump
We waste far too much on the military
And services for vets??
Those were budgets YOU passed!!!!
What about Russia???
Kentucky is one of lowest paying states for teachers, but you’re trying to give soldiers a raise? You’re a fraud. U manipulate the current issue for your own needs while those truly needing help are ignored. You’ll go down in history as a politician for big $. Help by retiring
Why can't you just provide a pay raise to the servicemembers without giving a massive giveaway to defense contractors? Then you would have money left over to fix the ills in Kentucky: poor healthcare, bad paying jobs, low performing schools, high gun deaths, etc.
Why do we need a $700B Pentagon budget when every day your leader attacks the “deep State” which is our government? “We have met the enemy and the enemy is us.”
MoronMitch-what about our Veterans? They are woefully neglected. Did you serve or defer like Trump?
RichardRutt-you are one of a lucky few-most veterans I personally know are on wait lists&mistreated at any of 3 statewide VAs not to mention the number of veterans homeless or just forgotten by the govt & currently having to fight for benefits due them as part of their service
You should know since you did the so-called cutting. Still we manage to, directly or indirectly, blow people up every single day. #sad
I do believe that Republican Party has in control of Congress. So why complain now
So, you ramping up for a war, Turtle?
No budget cuts here:
WE NEED TO BE SCREAMING ABOUT THIS. https://twitter.com/sarahlerner/status/975897018437533696 …
I guess the 35billion to Lockheed Martin the 26.5 billion to Boeing and the 110b split between Northrop Raytheon and gen dynamics isn’t enough ?? How r their campaign contributions???
Why is Congress complicit in our Russian president honoring Putin?
Isn’t congress responsible for the budget? So if there were cuts. Didn’t you do them?
You’re joking, right?
YOU, THE GOP MADE THOSE CUTS.  YOU DID. OVER AND OVER. YOU DID ANYTHING TO DESTROY AMERICA UNDER OBAMA. YOU DID!!

How did he control the bowling ball with those tiny hands?
They would be better served without that stupid parade!!
Your patronizing is sickening
Where the hell are we gettin' all this money?!? A parade, a wall, TV commercials now a raise???
Now build the wall.  
Combat readiness is not the issue! Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen and many others has created combat fatigue.
Like the 4K a month you gave to yourselves in Congress & tax payer paid healthcare & the enormous lifetime pensions you all get. So don’t act like you are doing something special. I’m a veteran & know better.
Bring back the draft. No one will argue with funding then .
So how’s balancing that deficit coming along Mitch?? I believe that was a promise of republicans in the house and senate like 8 years ago....
swamp monster
Build the damn wall!! Shameful that planned parenthood will be fully funded! Sanctuary cities are still funded! Who won the election Republicans or Demarats???? Time to drain the swamp!
Why have you not mentioned President Trump’s name. Trump does the work & you eat cake. Will vote you out McConnell—your in the swamp

Great that we're combat ready finally! Now what's the other $700 Billion going for again?
You do like you service men don't you. Come clean about your discharge.
Sequestration, a-hole. Some of us have a memory, Yertle.
Let’s get funding for the wall and immigration laws enforced.E-verify.
Disproportionate by who's measure, and does that include the money added to fight the unending Middle East action?
THERE IS NOTHING OF GREATER IMPORTANCE THAN THE REMOVAL OF TRUMP FROM OUR WHITE HOUSE!!!!!
Put money in the budget for our wall do your job
The wall will likely be ineffective. Don't waste the money, use that to help support the military. Trump wants something to put his name on. Or is it a boondoggle payback to the construction industry.
Why do we have to be in Combat?  If we bring our troops home they would not be in Combat.  Why do we support governments that aren’t supported by their own people
Did you ever think money isn't the issue?
Tell me, how much do souls sell for these days, Mitch? I hope your staff got a good price for theirs.
What are you doing about getting judges appointed?
You are the most hated politician Mitch! Great job!
When are you going to cut the waste?
https://youtu.be/cDkl7oRNmG4  what kind of deal did you have with the FBI Mitch? Are you concerned you may be indicted soon as the swamp is getting drained?
Give me a f’ing break. We’re talking $800 billion. If you couldn’t build a decent military with that you need to resign and let someone else do it. It’s time to clean out Congress.
Well, they all want to keep paying for things the Pentagon doesn't want, but support jobs in their multiple states and districts. Ask the Joint Chiefs, if all options were on the table without Congressional  interference, what would they cut to generate $100b in savings.
Years of disproportionate cuts to the military? What country do you live in Senator? And what planet is it on?
Your lust for violence is sickening.
How about doing your job and stop interference of Russians sanctions. Trump wants to be a Dictator. Please do something before it’s too late.
They deserve it! 
Now...FUND THE WALL!
DEFUND SANCTUARY CITIES!
DEFUND PP! 
DO YOUR JOB!
You should ck out @SenJohnMcCain post on 45 calling his boss at the Kremlin. That is what a leader does - calls out someone when they are not being responsible and trustworthy. So much for your backbone. #TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded #PutinPuppet
All to fund Obama care.
Is that pay raise for you, Mitch?
What about the years of disproportionate cuts to SNAP, education, healthcare, and job training?
What about the wall!!
Actually, @BarackObama had a higher military spending than Bush did. Also, you and the @GOP were in charge of spending bills. So if they were underfunded, it's your fault that they were.
Our Military is bigger than the next 10 Countries combined!!  Mostly allies.  It has never been underfunded.  We need smarter spending!  And to take care of all the wounded suffering because of the last @GOP liar in the White House

You're the one's that passed the sequester. You created the problem to begin with.
HAHAHA, OMG! HAHAHA UR #MINORITYPOLITICALPARTY ONCE RESPECTABLE #GOP NOW FULLY OWN TRUMPF, FAMILY, FRIENDS & RUSSIAN TERRORIST ATTACKS! 
#RUSSIATRUMP 
#TREASON 
#CONSPIRACY 
UR FINALLY XPOSED AS #TRAITOAMERICAN DEMOCRACY & CONSTITUTION! TRU PATRIOTS WILL #VOTEGOPOUT 
#BLUETSUNAMI
You have bet your party on a dolt
Trump ignored warnings from his national security advisers when he congratulated Putin, including a section in his briefing materials in all-capital letters stating "DO NOT CONGRATULATE." http://wapo.st/2HMSWks 

We dont need combat readiness we need cyber security
Ya give us raises while we’re in and then dump us off on social security after we retire what’s up with that?
Have you ever tweeted anything that is 100%? History will not remember you fondly
@potus
So, cut the crap and use the nuclear option to end Dem obstructionism and do what needs to be done to protect our country.
#DitchMitch
Be careful what you wish for. The majority could shift, but the tyranny of the majority will last forever.
Nothing but a rouse.  You care nothing for the men and women in uniform.  It’s a ploy because who doesn’t support the troops, right?  That #TaxScam hurt the military members profusely.
Just end all the foreign fighting
FUQ him
You act as though this is all brand new and you haven't had an opportunity to do this until now. You've been in the Senate for 33 years.
Time for new blood #TermLimits #AffordableHealthcare not just for Congress.
Amen to that!
Deport the scam DACA build the wall deport deport deport deport deport deport deport deport deport deport deport deport deport
Resign
Your nothing but a crook. Get out now. You and you wife should be prosecuted
Maybe if we changed foreign policy we wouldn't have to have a massive expensive military. Federal deficit is $730 billion so far, numbers don't lie. http://www.usdebtclock.org/ 
Mitch.  Is there any truth to the Schweizer assertion that you and the wife got millions (via her relatives) from backdoor dealings with China?  Could that be why you’ve been such a weak leader?  Let’s hear your side.  #MAGA
Gee, where is your string statement aka  John McCain re Russia??
Fix the debt
Tax cuts go the wrong way for this asshole #BlueWaveIsComing #taxcutscam
No thanks to you & your croonies! You're so full of shit!
I do wonder where the money trail ends concerning your wife.
Bye turtle.  The story is Stormy and @realDonaldTrump
Who had control of both houses of congress for the past 7 years?
@SenateMajLdr @GOP why are you people upholding what Mueller is doing? Why do you hate @realDonaldTrump so much? He has been the best president since Ronald Regan and you should get behind him and back him up!
Trump is a wanna-be petty tyrant. when he doesn't get his way he fires people who know more than him. He's erratic in his policies. If you want to compare Roma former GOP President, think less Reagan and more Nixon.
We spend more than the next 10 countries. Audit the spending in DOD and.stop this parade nonsense.
If were always in COMBAT, then how is readiness an issue? Maybe you should concentrate on not wasting so much! #Annoyed
wow, by the look of these tweets, it’s almost as if the GOP “representatives” have a scripted narrative.
We had no problem with our military ever, we do have problems with d present republican gov
Disproportionate? I'm sorry, did we slip down to having a budget equivalent to only the next seven countries combined instead of eight?  No wonder we can't have nice things...like healthcare, better education, and infrastructure.  Gotta feed that beast.
More like the defense contractors get a raise
Great. Nice job. Now how about that National Reciprocity you’ve been ignoring?
Funny how you rejected the idea every time President Obama wanted to do that . GFY

Cuts to armed services? Good gawd man. Its almost 45% of the total budget.
Those cuts were made because of sequestration forced onto the last administration by you and the the rest of your pathetic and hateful GOP pals.
You were in charge Yertle. You failed.

We spend more be any other country 10 times over. We dont take care of our vet's, our service people, The military's misappropriation of our tax dollars is legion, you just gave them more to be unaccountable for. You're so disappointing.
Over the last 20 yrs. the MILITARY BUDGET has taken over $13 trillion. What the hell are you talking about. Cuts to the MILITARY?
Are your pal K STREET LOBBYISTS figuring how much PAY RAISES like the TAX RELIEF?
