DO YOUR JOB!! I don’t want to pay for commuters from New Jersey and New York!!!!!!        I don’t want to fund Planned Parenthood!!!!            When is your re-election??
Ban Assault Style weapons and get control of Trump. Good grief!
Please explain the difference between a weapon and an assault style weapon.
I don’t pretend to have in-depth knowledge of any weapon used for mass murder but I think you get my drift.
All Weapons are made to assault. As a law abiding US citizen, I’d like to keep the right to choose what weapons I want in my house for protection against a burglary, assault, or whatever the hell else happens. #2A
Whatever...but I choose the lives of children and their right to live any day over your right to own an AR15 which btw is not protected by #2A.
That’s an opinion. I have two kids in elementary school, but I’m smart enough to realize that banning anything, especially something that exists in the hundreds of millions in the US, will not work. How did prohibition and the war on drugs work out?
I have 2 grandchildren in school. My opinion will not change and I guess yours won’t either. So we will have to agree to disagree.
This spending bill is another @GOP sham! Not 1 penny should be spent on a wall that evidence 100% shows that will do nothing & is NOT necessary Where is the DACA legislation that u promised u would sign @realDonaldTrump ur nothing but a liar
Spend spend spend. Impotent weak excuses to pay ur dept to ur campaign donors. Time u retired career politician. Your sweet gig fattening ur wallet is over.
If dems require fiscal lack of responsibility, then let them shut down the government. Compromise is one thing caving in to strident voices raised venal politicians is not acceptable.
BUILD THE DAMN WALL !!
Build the rest of the wall! Out with illegals
How exactly?
Maybe the wall is infrastructure?
@realDonaldTrump This omnibus bill is a disgrace. Repubs passing this will lose their majority.@Jim_Jordan Suggestion:  Pass the critical priorities: Military, Vets & Opioid epidemic, border wall. Critical security items. CR to give time to negotiate the lesser priority items.
Please get a special council to investigate the Dems role in our last election and Clinton Foundation. Everyone wants to know why you won't! Please put a republican in charge.
stop! THIS BILL IS bad news for the GOP Schumer gets his tunnel Trump DOESN'T GET HIS WALL do a separate bill on the military and let the DEMS vote it down!
Thanks for adding to the national debt.  Most Americans don’t spend more than the earn, maybe you should do the same with America’s wallet.  Congress has a spending problem that you refuse to solve.  Maybe you need replacement!
You and Ryan don't know how to negotiate. You two are incompetent. You gave everything to schumer. SICK. RESIGN the both of you do nothings. Should be ashamed. For your usekessness
What happened to the elimination of the slush  fund for paying off victims of sexual harassment in Congress?
They are all guilty!
You mean a bill weak republicans can easily cave on. Weak
Where’s the big beautiful Wall ?   You had the audacity to allow billions to Planned Parenthood, Sanctuary cities, a Tunnel, Dems, earmarks, waste overseas.  This Bill is horrible !  @IngrahamAngle @TuckerCarlson @realDonaldTrump
Wait, @SenateMajLdr I’m confused. Now you support infrastructure funding and understand its relationship with job creation? Where were you during the Obama administration? #hypocrisy
Did you find the wall?
Build. The. Wall.

Bull
With a 1.5 yrillion deficit in your budget, all you're going to do is talk. There is no money for your big plans.
Way to go idiot.
In fact, you are going to go.

#BlueWave2018 
#IncompetentMcConnell
My senator says it's horse hockey and I tend to agree. #voteno
Hopefully you are funding a border wall and defunding sanctuary cities as they jeopardize American citizens safety.
Where is the WALL money & Immigration reform?  #Trump2020
Term limits
Gee whiz, I’m thinking another Democrat driven shut-down starting Friday.
Please keep in mind while "fighting" the opioid issue, there are critically ill patients living in pain so severe it's unbearable. Normal people can't even imagine it. Certain opioids are the only medication that begin to take the edge off. Don't let them suffer even more.
...hey @SenateMajLdr why the F**K are you allowing the dhimmicrats to drive the issues? Get some balls and tell them how it’s gonna be!
Protect mueller
Gun control?
but this bill has funding that you ran against @SenateMajLdr like funding Planned Parenthood and Sanctuary cities and Obamacare subsidies.  Stand up and be a true conservative that Supports the @realDonaldTrump agenda.  also we need 25 B for the border wall.  DO The Right Things
#NoSanctuaryCities #NoDACA #DefundPlannedParenthood  it’s sad that some of your Bill continues funding of areas the Voters hate. And you wonder why Repubs have recently been losing elections.
You are a weak and incompetent leader. You have not helped .@POTUS . You need to retire and let a competent Conservative do the job
What about the wall
Sure don’t do anything you promised you bunch of flunkies we want a wall and no support for PP and no support for sanctuary cities! Defund obama Care! Spending money we don’t have borrowing funds to pay for abortion! Find the damn leakers!
I pray you go down with the heaps of treasonous greedy traitors that this administration has shown you to be. #arrestgop #arrest @realDonaldTrump
How about term limits.  Really try and fix this country
Let’s remember Opioid epidemic is a mental health issue not law enforcement. We have been ther and done that. Didn’t work. All it did was put users in jail (mostly black). This practice has to stop.
Is this bi-partisan?  Were any Democrats allowed to have any input, Master Obstructionist?
Don't forget all the stuff to correct you tax law mistakes...maybe add in some protection for the special council
Defunding @PPFA ?
corruption!
WHAT ABOUT THE WALL?
Mr. Senate Majority Leader, I would not want to be in your shoes. Why? Because you have been the one person who could have changed the Senate 60 vote rule (unconstitutional) to defund Planned Parenthood. God’s wrath is on you more than any person I know.
This President is a Russian stooge.
GET it Done!
Do you enjoy kissing trump’s ass?
Trump called Vlad to congratulate him being a dictator. Sad!
We are angry that our money goes to fund state sponsored murder of preborn children! Do what’s right and defund Planned Parenthood!
How about an impeachment bill? Stand up and be a man!!!!!
No to Obamacare life support, no to DACA amnesty.

@WhiteHouse @POTUS @TheDemocrats @GOP 
@SpeakerRyan
We need to follow through on commitments: protecting our boarders and funding the wall, end money to sanctuary cities, no funding of abortions, upgrade our military capabilities
Keep gun control out of it.
Until your message starts with cutting defense spending and raising taxes on top earners and corporations, you are only revealing yourself to be a shill for your corporate masters.
Senator, this may be an opportune time to end the 60 vote rule. If senators want to filibuster let them do it as originally designed. Let them stand in the Well and filibuster
@JohnCornyn @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
#BuildTheWallNow
Right what are you planning on taking away from the elderly poor and middle class so you can find it. You have all our money away to your donors friends.
but not the wall or defunding Planned Parenthood or cutting social programs. You all look and act like Democrats. This is why we put you inn office
5G ....spying from every aspect

you have lost...the criminals you allow on our streets will be your downfall
Stand up to trump. Get him out!
You belong in jail
You’re giving even more money to the military? Why? We already have the largest military budget in the world- x7.

Support Trump! Filibuster NOW! Get his positions filled and his Agenda!!!
Don't give in to the DMV with funding Planned Parenthood, Obama care bail outs or Sanctuary cities.
Hey puppet, do you ever speak of anything else? You just mimic what the President says. Why is the GOP leaders afraid of Trump?
The Resistance is vigilant and ready to mobilize if @realDonaldTrump fires Rosenstein or Mueller.
The only priority for you and the Republicans is how to make yourselves more wealthy!
Scary ruining America one bill at a time #stepdown
So what are you and your buddies going to do about Peter Sweitzer new book that exposes you all for the money and deals that make you rich and sways your decisions. Americans elected you to represent us - shameful!
Since the @GOP loves to talk about government spending, can you explain how you're paying for all these "new" priorities after you passed a rather large tax cut?
What are you going to use for money?  More deficit spending?
GATEWAY BRIDGE IN THERE?
Short-term tax cuts inflated the deficit in an attempt to buy votes  for  the November 2018 elections. The long-term tax cuts went to the wealthy  and to corporations who largely used it to buy back stock. Some got a  bonus, but bonuses are TEMPORARY. It did not go to pay rises.
.@SpeakerRyan: "The special counsel should be free to follow through with his investigation to its completion without interference," 

@GOP Congress' words are cheap!

Action Reqd: Add legislation to omnibus spending bill to prevent budget cut.

#ProtectRosenstein
#ProtectMueller
#GunControlNow is a priority
DON'T give the DEMS money for B@llshit projects!
How about separating each issue and making a decision based on necessity instead of clumping everything in one bill #Senate ?
BUILD THE WALL!!!  FULLY FUND @ICEgov
Better consider how to get everyone working with @POTUS. #DefundPlanParent #DefundSanctuaryCities #BuildThatWall #WeThePeople
In other words: Look out poor, sick, and minorities.
Build the wall
When will you start the infrastructure rebuilding?  All we have seen so far is commitment to a stupid wall.
I say fund military good but cut federal spending. Can't trust anything called omnibus spending bill. Kind of makes me vomit
But Trump wants to kill all the drug dealers. Is that in your plan?  Did you check with your boss Trump?
#traitor #fascist #voteTurtleheadOut
Did you, & all the failed GOP leadership, sell your ethical soul to the likes of Cambridge Analytica?
Throw more $$$ that you don’t have without a plan
What about impeaching ur leader & save ur selves
We want PLANNED PARENTHOOD OUT. YOU ALL PROMISED. KEEP YOUR WORD!!!!!
What about Russian attempts to interfere with our election?
Please step down
What about passing a bill that prevents Trump from firing Mueller?
Why support "planed parenthood"? This one act of abortion KILLS more CHILDREN than all other murders combined. You want to hold drugs and guns accountable but not the killing of our unborn children. Stop abortion funding & build the wall which will stop drugs&guns crossing border
Why does it have to be an omnibus?   Passing separate budgets for the various functionsof government would reduce pork.
#TermLimits
How about building a wall. You could defund “Planed Parenthood “ and use the money to build the wall. 
If it doesn't fund the wall you're all full of BS, incompetent, or both.
With what money? You gave the very wealthy a lovely Christmas present and left the rest of us in the cold.
Do you think that we don't see what is really going on? Are you totally owned, or simply incompitent? No DACA funding without funding the wall... did you think President Trump was kidding, or did you forget what you were doing?
When your secrets are aired out, it will make sense finally why you choose to drag your feet and work against our President's Administration and agenda.  Won't you do the right thing finally and help this President save our Republic from ruin by confirming his appointees?
Why are you working so hard to push a Democrat spending bill and not a dime to the WALL?
Do your job and cut all of the fat out of this bill. It needs to be as lean as possible. Taxpayers are tired of funding BS studies and spending boondoggles.  Items have to have a great ROI or it shouldn’t be funded. Y’all are known for loading spending bills with pork. #NoPork
Your spending is already TWICE that of what you hated Obama over. You vile hypocrites, you refused to step up w/Dems to denounce Russia meddling, and you have engaged in OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. You should resign. History will show you for the corrupt pig that you are.
Just getter done.
You will have to declare the nuclear option to get it passed.  If you do, attach the 4 point immigration plan to it.
It’s a democrat bill funding sanctuary cities and planned parenthood? Are you guys nuts?
Get this & Trump Agenda done, push nominations too! Hold them over, till work is done! Our military serving will not have the luxury of an Easter with family, they work non-stop for our freedom. Get off your lazy, politically biased butts and do your job! @SpeakerRyan #NoDACA
If it doesn't defund Sanctuary States, Cities, Planned Parenthood and doesn't help build The Wall then it's worthless... like Congress.
When will the Republican Party actually be able to pass a budget?  You people have been playing this omnibus spending bill garbage for years, when are the adults going to show up?
YOU SIR ARE A LYING P O S .WHO NEEDS TO BE PROSECUTED FOR MAJOR CRIMES AND PUT IN JAIL WHERE YOU BELONG .
That's because your inability to lead and to govern again brings *MY* government close to another threatened shutdown, @SenateMajLdr. Change your Twitter handle, as you're no leader.

Build wall
To fund sanctuary cities and planned parenthood. This bill is disgusting. Spending needs to be cut.
...
You better get your big boy pants on. Democrats will not allow a single dollar for our man child President @realDonaldTrump wall. NOT GONNA HAPPEN! #UnfitForOffice #UnfitToBePresident #VoteGOPOut #DefundHate
How about you try to buy the pee tape from http://Russia.save  our country
No to Planned Parenthood funding, no to continuing Obama subsidies, we voted for President Trump follow his agenda if you can't do it with what you have go nuclear
Why do you want to continue holding power? It can't be concern for this nation otherwise you would not have stood in the way of letting voters know about the Russian interference. You may as well have gone to sleep while your country was being thrown to the curb.
How about you get your head out of Ryans ass and support the Presidents agenda China Turtle boy?
Why are u funding sanctuary cities which violate federal law and not the wall resulting in deaths of Americans from drugs, gangs and crime.
WISH we could trust @SenateMajLdr to do what is Best for America, and to support our duly elected Patriotic @POTUS....
But past evidence shows...we cannot! 
THERE IS NOTHING OF GREATER IMPORTANCE THAN THE REMOVAL OF TRUMP FROM OUR WHITE HOUSE!!!!!
You're funding sanctuary cities (but not the wall) that protects illegal alien drug traffickers & is fueling the opioid crisis.
When are politicians going to get serious, not holding my breath.
most hated politician!
Don't forget the wall.
Do you cover the mirrors in your home
 so you dont see the lies
written on your face?

#BlueWave
Cambridge Analytica, buying and blackmailing politicians, Russian terrorist attack in Britain, GOP trying to shut down FBI and Mueller and you are patting Yourself and DJT on the back?

Yeah, the Dems lost the election but run the show! You're disgusting and deserve to loose in the fall !!!  @realDonaldTrump Hopefully, the President will veto any bill that doesn't fund the wall or has funds for planned parenthood and O'Bama care subsidies. ->  @JohnCornyn
Explain how it is possible that Democrats can run the show when Republicans have the majority in both houses AND the presidency?  EXPLAIN
All our country needs is for the House to flip and a real check can be placed upon the lunatic Trump. We have three co-equal branches of Government. Thanks to the framers of the Constitution
After you've lined your wallet first of course.
Ya but what about the Wall and deleting planed parenthood? Just what GD party are you affiliated with? You and your family are getting rich dealing with the Chinese! And your selling out the Republican Party and POTUS!
Don't forget the wall!
Please leave NICS out of the omnibus.  @GunOwners
How about sensible gun control measures that a majority of Americans want. Why isn’t this on your agenda?
Put back the clause that y’all can’t use taxpayer dollars for sexual harassment suits. Better yet scrap it and start over.
Mitch, you need to stand up to that fool you helped put in the White House. I will be so happy when Trump is history. So ready to never see or hear him ever again @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump
ABOUT DAM time.
Yea your only funding Democrats priorities like sanctuary cities Planned Parenthood and doing what they want. Don’t be weak That’s not what we voted for. That’s why your losing seats. Your energized base is slowly losing their motivation to vote.
Better have money for border wall and security.  If not you better leave now!!!
How about not funding Obamacare and planned parenthood? And why can’t you get more done? You seem low energy to me.
Fraud GOP; Gun laws first @SenSchumer or else forget about 2018 election and becoming Majority leader;
To make our debt even higher. Might as well yal have already made a record of our debt. Make it unreachable for others to match again.
You give the rich a major tax break then u want us to spend money we don’t have. Printing money to put our grandkids in major debt. Stupid.
Stop pretending you are a Conservative Republican
How about you fight to take care of SCI/D sufferers. You all take care of free stuff junkies, refugee jihads, and drug addicts, and yet leave the truly needy behind in a sea of red tape and suffering. Typical
Defund planned parenthood and build the wall needs to be in this bill.
Ah. Yup
What about the wall??
Build. The. WALL!!!!!! 
No funding for Sanctuary Cities or Planned Parenthood
How about you do something important like stand up to Trump? He’s walking all over you and the Republican Party and you’re letting him do it! Defend our country Mr Senator. Take one for the country! History will reward you if you do. Otherwise history will shame you. Buck up!!
Excellent! Can’t wait to see it and it can’t come a moment too soon - just 3 days to the expiration of the latest continuing resolution! CRs since like 2007!!! Setting records like the world has never seen here!
Why can’t the Senate pass one small, focused bill at A time, instead of these months-long efforts to produce incomprehensible omnibus monster bills?
#NoInsBailouts #LetObamacareDie #NoDACA #NoAmnestyDeals #BuildTheWall #EndChainMigration #EndLotteryVisas EnforceEverify##DoYourJob
Actually, we spend more $ on military than the next 13 countries COMBINED...cut the fat and apply to #SocialSecurity #Medicare4All and #collegeforall
Something that should have been done months ago, Sir!
Get it done, sir.
And increased national debt by billions. PATHETIC!!!
add PROTECT MUELLER to it
NO PLANNED PARENTHOOD
