You're a little late to the party, pal. What have you been doing for the last two decades while Kentucky was literally drowning in pills. #SMDH
Prob drowning in Pharma-lobby cash.
We were hoping you were announcing your retirement or resigning. Better do it before elections.
What experts say it that legalization of #Marijuana brings down opioid use. Stop your obstruction, get it done! #Legalize #Decriminalize.
Medical Cannabis should be Legal in the US and the FDA etc should keep out of it....

#VoteThemAllOut #Traitor


LEGALIZE/DECRIMINALIZE MARIJUANA!!!!!!!!!! You really wanna help people addicted to opioid addiction? Give them a safe, legal alternative...WEED!!!!!!!!!!
You make my face hurt.
How about gun control and protecting Mueller that's what we want
Since the states with the worst problems are RED like yours, which is the #1 recipient of FOOD STAMPS.
So, you’re gonna give people CAREERS, and then they’ll get off the pills? Kellyanne’s idea?
Funny, doesn't look like that worked for her!
Your job is to push for the impeachment of the president.
... and removal. But then, all repubs should go the same way. They're in this scamming & lying together.
Reschedule Marijuana!  1. Legit pain relief.  2. A flood of tax dollars!

This is good Mr. Leader! But where are all the TRUMP administration's nominees? Under your watch, the president's picks for government representatives positions ...THE WORST IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
Do you really care? SO many less people would die if you would pass legislation for Medical Marijuana. People don't die from that.  So what if they get a little high--I'm sure their loved ones would like that better than having them DEAD!! #idiotMcConnell #jerkJeffSessionstheworm
Resign.

Legalize Cannabis you FOOL
Drug addiction usually requires a spiritual transformation for recovery. #God
no relief, just another scam to be used by scammers time to save money

https://twitter.com/putinsclown/status/986643850646249472 …
Oh Turtle, when will you ever learn...

Isn't it funny how #opioids  are prescribed and sold LEGALLY even though they are the most #addictive of drugs, but #cannabis is still an #illegal  #Schedule1Drug according to the #FederalGovernment? Isn't it high time that changes given 46 states disagree? What say you @POTUS ?
The opioid crisis is just a hoax invented by the Chinese. Didn't @realDonaldTrump and @FoxNews tell you? 
Drugs are pouring over our southern border. Fund and Build the Wall to stop the free flow of drugs.

Resign POS
Today i am declaring Mitch McConnell a traitor to the United States, and will no longer be Senate Majority Leader in November of this year, so help me god.
Yeah like #legalizeit won't have a more direct impact, but hey, whatever fills the #worldslargestprison, amirite? #tcot #legalizeit

Today, I am introducing THIS article to Leader McConnell:
America would prefer you resign - you have disgraced the Senate. You have betrayed your oath of checks and balances

You are disgusting

I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …
Stop. And leave this planet. It'll be a start on making the world a better place.
You're human garbage
Introduce legislation to legalize MJ you moron.  It help reduce Opioid Dependency!
Thanks Mitch!
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#CorruptGOP 
#ComplicitGOP
#ProtectMueller 
#VoteThemOut 
#DonateBlue
Crying McConell if it’s anything like UR tax deficit bill, we know who this bill will serve and we’re pretty sure it won’t be the lives and communities that were destroyed by this epidemic, while you and @SpeakerRyan took money from your donors and did nothing! catch da wave!
YIPPEE! THESE ARE MAIN OBSTACLES TO SUCCESS THAT RECOVERING ADDICTS FACE-JOBS AND HOUSING-I'M HAPPY TO HAVE MY $$ USED TO HELP THESE LEGAL AMERICAN CITIZENS! #MAGA #MAGA2018 #MAGA2020
That's a great concept.  Maybe your idol, @realDonaldTrump could have used that strategy for the coal miners.  Incentive for the solar companies to relocate to those areas?  Keep us at the leading edge of the industry?  Keeping America Great????
Will you let the Senate read the bill before voting begins? #POTUS may be illiterate, but many Senators are not.

#mysteryMitch

Targeted as in “red” states like the Trump tax scam was?
That will be the Democrat politicians who are in charge
Hey Mitch why aren’t you putting up a bill to deal with all the rampant gun violence that’s killing hundreds of innocent Americans every year?  Oh wait, I forgot.  The NRA pays you to do nothing.  Your party is going to lose the Senate this year.  Thank God!
What is it, Block Grants for churches?
You better talk to Chuck and Nancy first !!


As in, "get a job and get off drugs?" I will never trust or believe Rethugs' bills again. #ComplicitGOP
It’s not your damn right to take money from me at the point of a gun, and redistribute it to pet knee-jerk causes. How about enforcing the laws already in place?
#opioidcrisis began >100yr, 9/20/1940, the @AmerMedicalAssn allowed Dr. Moore, the first in the world to perform a hip replacement to fix miserable physical #chronicpain with an Auto-Part. Why? Beat Third Reich Human experimentations! http://bit.ly/2qYzCdt 
And, children are still doing without electricity in Puerto Rico! Shame on you McConnell!!!
Sit down and shut up... no one wants to hear your stories... so beyond expiration date... move out.. we need young blood not old money grabbing self serving old men!!!!

Just had an interesting discussion with another patriot. Do you think Bernie Sanders would have come CLOSER to beating Trump than Hillary in 2016?
But will you find it?
That’s what will fix EVERYTHING: more Federal spending!
Great. Now fix the 9th circuit that continues screwing over the American people.
Gee, I hope it doesn't cut into the money you folks make from the Pharma industry.  That would be a shame.
Your constituents want to see you compete in a long distance swimming contest with a sea turtle.
When will you realize you work for them and not your donors?
#resign
#youfucker
The apple represents America’s integrity. The turtle... you know.
Targeted help aka spending geared to help red states. So after taking pharma money & making it easy for them to destroy the lives of so many people, we are supposed to swallow this bs? The senate is the savior of the people in the center of the opioid crisis? Wont save you in Nov

"We can listen to what is said and not do anything..."
Personal responsibility and accountability
When are you introducing the "NO RECESS ACT" until ALL President Trump's nominees are appointed! Use the nuke option. You know that if the dems CHEAT and gain power of the house/senate that will be the FIRST THING THEY DO! MAN UP and do your job. We're sick and tired of this!
What if this stalled until after the midterms and then Majority Leader Schumer refused to bring it to the floor, even if it has bipartisan support?
You have no credibility. NONE.  Resign.
Please don't smile Mitch you scare people.
lock mcconnel up
Liar
If you would just enforce the border things would dry up much quicker than this bill will do?
#opioidcrisis started by #Opioids prescribed by US Drs, sold by US pharmacies & by those same American dealers that got the Rx. Addicts then move to #heroin (from Asia&MidEast). Some began importing #fentanyl from China (not on our border), but this is purely an American problem
Dear Leader,

F. U.
If you cure them, they may not vote for you!
Thoughts and prayers,  Weasel Mitch?
Targeting red states? Counties with high addiction rates?
U.S. Constitution 
Article II. 
Section 4. 

"The President, Vice President and all civil officers of the United  States, shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors." 

#ImpeachTrumpNow

Protect Robert Mueller. Allow bill to come to the floor
How about building the wall we elected Rep for?
WHO KNEW that all you needed was a JOB and POOF! You're no longer addicted to an addict-able substance. WOW! ~BRILLIANT! I wonder why no one ever thought of that before?
#MerrickGarland
You are a pathetic man. You don’t really care, you gave away our health plans, you gave more money to the rich and corporations, you ignore the poor and middle class.
Good thing to work on. I do wish you would do SOMETHING to move through the Presidents nominees for positions that need to be filled. Quit letting Dems run you!!
Red States to the front please.

All others will have to wait till they have control of Congress & WH
How about an act to protect Mueller and his investigation?

We hoped you'd do soemthing sensible, like deal with the drug companies.

But, because your corruption is legendary we knew you'd just say some words and pocket the cash.

You need to leave this country. You are a traitor and should be hung to your death
Are any of these "jobs" going to be high paying?  Or are they all going to be service industry?
This is ridiculous. You need to do something about the Democrats holding up these nominations. Unbelievable & a disgrace to America
Which is your state racist. Highest Welfare recipients and the highest opioid users
TRAITOR!
How about a #ProtectMueller bill....much more effective.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @NancyPelosi @SenatorSchumer Or you might bring Special Counsel vote or you might bring gon control?
keep the Senate in session 8days a week until you get all of Trump's people in place
Sir, I propose a different agenda for you remaining days in office:
1) Protect future elections from Russian interference.
2) Defend against targeted voter suppressions
3) Provide universal health care
4) Gun control legislation
5) Protect Rober Mueller
Just get @realDonaldTrump appointees confirmed
The best thing you could do for America, Turtle-boy, would be to throw yourself in front of a train. #MerrickGarland
I guess that would be about 50 states! BUILD THE WALL and STOP the DRUGS that have killed 63,000 a year~ BUILD THE WALL!
KENTUCKY,YOU DESERVE BETTER AND SO DO WE. VOTE THIS FOOL OUT.
#Resign Turtle 
Let's keep them poor and powerless... 

But if they do drugs...
Merrick Garland.
You say we don't need it but let's get the Mueller bill  ball rolling and protect what's left of your legacy.......
You should have considered stand up comedy
Yeah, GOP cares SO much they tried to eliminate all drug rehab coverage from healthcare.  Crawl back into your swamp, Mitch.
Hello- get nominees confirmed.
Vote on protecting Mueller first.
#ProtectMueller you dirty #TreasonMonkey
Uh huh. Sure.
Turtle, Turtle.
So, more funding for California...?
Well done, and God Bless Sen. McConnell and all of our public servants doing the work of the Republic...
Still nothing about the epic gun violence though huh
On a average year 64070 people died from drug overdoses.
Just recently...
#Update: One person is dead after a gunman opened fire as firefighters knocked down a blaze in south Los Angeles County. The suspected shooter was taken into custody. http://on.nbc7.com/SVFcMF2 

Florida deputies are asking anyone with information on the shooting to contact Treasure Coast Crime Stoppers at 1-800-273-TIPS.

“Somebody knows who killed my baby.”

…

Investigators say a woman who negligently shot and killed her 2-year-old daughter at an Ohio hotel was trying to turn on the gun’s safety when it fired.…

“Gunshot victims are four times more likely to die before reaching a hospital than they were a decade ago, according to a new nationwide analysis from Johns Hopkins. The findings suggest that gunshot injuries may be growing more lethal.” https://www.thetrace.org/rounds/analysis-shooting-victims-gun-violence-intensity-trauma-baltimore/ …

‘How can they even sleep at night? You just murdered somebody’s child.’ — Stephon Clark’s mother, grandma, and uncle are calling for justice 

A 17-year-old was injured in a high school shooting in Ocala, Florida.

The suspect was taken into custody. After lockdown…
What have you done for your home State?

Nothing 

Stupid Turtle 
Resign
