“Well qualified” oh dear lord.
I am very disappointed in you. This country has never needed patriotic leaders as we do now. The
President is mentally challenged, delusional, vindictive, and autocratic. You should work with Schumer and Pelosi to fence in this dangerous man. Step up!
President Trump is doing his job DO YOUR JOB!!

Its incredible someone sitting on a fortune would want to put up with this much bullshit to help a bunch of strangers...and donate his salary to charity
Historic obstruction? There has to be nominees TO obstruct first. Like garland and 8 years of you gleefully leading repubs to obstruct EVERYTHING during Obama's terms. You make descent people sick.
damn.
You know you can keep tweeting this garbage but the reason is THEY AREN’T QUALIFIED! Nice try though.
Trump needs to fill 300 empty judge spots. You need to work faster
Why DID you give up the 51 VOTE threshold that we had. THAT was stupid. I'm going to give up on you if you don't vote on anything for the remainder of @realDonaldTrump term.
Yes that happens when you only need a majority and you have a majority. Let’s hope it won’t be so easy next year.
You know this is a sham. How do you sleep at night
PLEASE SIR, we CAN LET IN ANYONE WE WANT, I WANT THAT WALL. I DESERVE TO BE  SAFE IN AMERICA. MY 3 girl's deserve TO BE safe.For God sake,please I DESERVE IT
LIAR
MERRICK GARLAND YOU PIECE OF CRAP.
I'm really hoping democrats take the Senate in November so they can block all of Trump's judges just like you blocked Obama's Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court.
Circuit Court. You obstructed our supreme court for political reasons alone. You say you care about America, but you only care about your power.
Now now ... he cares about the wealthy & putin. Gibe credit where it's due.
*Give
Thousands more to go! Keep going...
You have 250 waiting confirmation in case you don’t know.
BTW: Did not see you do anything for the VA Secretary http://nomination.You  trust the Democrats too much.Are you going to push for the resignation of Tester or are you once again going to avoid conflict.Get it together.

I'm still waiting for any explanation of why so many in the Trump campaign were meeting Russians. Why? "It's not illegal" doesn't put me at ease as a plausible explanation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/990168776808255488 …
Ata boy Mitch, you send those black people to prison. Just make sure none of your judges go rogue #wouldyouliketobuyajudge
What Obstruction?   It was you that always obstruct every thing.  Y O  U.
Mitch, you are the swamp.
YOU started that!  Merrick or Garland ring a bell?  Azzhole
Better candidates needed .. CLEARLY   and allow the vote to protect Mueller @SenateMajLdr    PARTY OVER COUNTRY??
No different for the 8 years you blocked Obama’s.  You are a hypocrite.  See what you have done with “your” power.
Again, WE ARE WATCHING THE FLOOR.  Republicans voted "nay" too An ommission of ALL FACTS is a LIE.
#McConnellLES
Know what?  Shut Up, Delete your account, Step down, and Retire.   Your family would be very happy.   Now go. get!!
Actions of those Liberal, Socialist/Globalist judges on DACA are unconstitutional. Their actions are becoming like a Coupe d'Etat against the U.S. Constitution & Rule of Law. Those federal must be impeach. #MAGA.  #Stop illegal/chain migration.
Yes. We must stop @FLOTUS and her parents.
Merrick Garland
#GOPObstruction
#GOPHypocricy
#GOPTraitors
Better candidates needed .. CLEARLY   and allow the vote to protect Mueller @SenateMajLdr    PARTY OVER COUNTRY??
And boy are they Beuts. Remember a Trump Judicial appointee forced Mick Mulvaney into the CFPB ignoring the letter of the law. Result? We have a confessed bribe taker and Bank adviser running the agency that is supposed to look out for us. Keep blocking Democrats. November! VoteD
Mitch, I think you take the award for “Historic Obstruction”.  BTW, Merrick Garland says “Hi”.
FU VOTE BLUE
MERRICK GARLAND
You literally stole a seat on the Supreme Court from President Obama. Do you know why you have so many judiciary vacancies to fill? Because you blocked President Obama from filling them! #MerrickGarland
MERRICK GARLAND
Wouldn’t want to go before anyone of them. Unqualified
On obstruction, you sir wrote the book:   “The GOP became the first political party to come out ahead of a Supreme Court appointment and say that they would obstruct President Obama's appointment.” - Quora
Hope they are not turncoats like Gorsuch
The American people had spoken.  We don't want DACA &TPS.  We want to stop illegal immigration & END chain migration for good.
DACA is an executive action to provide a TEMPORARY relief to illegals. The U.S. Congress is the ONLY body prescribed by the Constitution to make laws. Therefore, DACA is not a law and it should be struck down. But the New World Order or Socialist/Globalist insist on.
Thank you! We apriciate all republicans and their efforts. Keep whipping them!
Mitch. You’re a low life thief. All you’ve done in politics is obstruct and steal. You will go down in history as the most destructive politician to American democracy ever.
Can't wait until the Democrats regain power and bring back some semblance of sanity to this corrupt WH & GOP!!!
Merrick Garland
Move faster
Maybe if you stopped  covering up all of Hillary's crimes the dems would not be so bold
The fact that you have done nothing but obstruct the entire time you’ve been the majority leader and believe you can tweet about the Democrats tells me you realize how ignorant the Republican base is. #fools
Pha-Q
Your pot is calling hte kettle black when you talk about slow rolling confirmations.
Wow you just don’t give up. Merrill Garland.
You’re one to talk!
Confirmed in a year? Or today cause we keep waiting for the hundreds of other positions to be confirmed? Such a joke.... keep them all there 7 days a week!! America citizens deserve better
You’re a hypocrite, your obstructionist goal was to make Obama a one term president. #VoteThemOut #TakeOutTheWhiteHouseTrash
You are as close to the Devil as one can get
You are the absolutely last person who should talk about obstruction.
Keep Senate members 24/7 until a vote is done and an appointee is confirmed.  Chuck it’s your fault it’s taking so long to get people confirmed   Make it happen
And yet, you have let all these months pass ignoring #ManchurainTrumpian
And the lies continue. Do any of you know who you really voted in. Did you really do any background checks, or was it...OH they think like me so they should be good.
Merrick Garland
Does the name Merrick Garland mean anything to you?
Yep, effectively transforming courts to one more white supremacists group so that the rulings look more like Dred Scott v Stanford. Gross and disgusting. You are gross and disgusting man MIT, racist

You taught them well, Mitch
You are a very weak leader. The Dems are making you look like a fool!
15 to 20 when we charge you with conspiracy!!
Keep pushing, Mitch!

@GOP @WhiteHouse
We need more
WELL QUALIFIED MY BUTT YOU KNOW THEY ARE NOT SO STOP LYING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND JUST ADMIT YOU PARTY OVER COUNTRY MENTALITY.   NOVEMBER IS COMING ARE READY FOR THE BLUE WAVE SIR?  #BlueWaveComing
Something you at one time was quite good at
There are many many more that need to be confirmed before November. Get it done sir!!!
We need the other 100+
No. “Attempted obstruction.” 

#EnglishclassMitch
Old pig 
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
https://www.facebook.com/johnberrymillard/posts/10215874064907463 …
The obstruction of Merrick Garland was historic. You reap what you sow.
I don’t know which disgraceful weasel disgust me more...Trump, Ryan or you. You are aware how history will remember you? None will be positive.
Uh....Merrick Garland.

Sooo what exactly are you bitching about? You're crying because you actually have to work? It must be tough scheduling all those votes. Very hard work. Poor Mitch. We all know you're much better at preventing votes from occuring. #MerrickGarland #WhinyLittleMitch
Resign
The despicable @GOP is so reactionary it’ll take generations for America to recover. Awful Party of Old White male racists and thieves.
we the people are sick and tired of weak tired Repubs GO TO 51 VOTES if you don't the Dems will in a minute and will walk all over & laugh in the faces  of the Repubs #getridofmitch
I would love to see you confirm some spending cuts.
Keep going.
1 year behind
61 percent (less now)
 insufficient productivity,
Slow walking looks lke stall tactics
Stall tactics look BLUE deals
(15, we'll break, 1, we'll talk DACA,etc.,)
We're microwatching.
You've got your f#cking nerve. Merrick Garland.
So sleeps on the left ? You or Trump ?

Again I say, no one he has nominated for anything are fit to serve.
Are you looking for reward for working at a snail pace when you have the power to change all of that?  Support our POTUS that we elected and stop your own slow version of obstruction.
so many problems in America ... BUT u don't CXL Cloture .. u r helping leftist stop Americans and  @realDonaldTrump !! 
Despite the republican historic obstruction of merrick garland.
Obstruction? you mean like what you and your party did to #MerrickGarland
Aren’t you the pot calling the kettle black? Ur the master of historic obstruction.
History will not judge you kindly 
@SenateMajLdr just doesn’t realize how lame he is. I mean Harry Reid screwed McConnell’s wife and then rubbed in McConnell’s face. How strong is this Senate Majority Leader? Can you believe Whore house Harry?
You are the person who denied American's the rightful Supreme Court Judge. You will go down in history as a bad "leader"
Please use nuclear option and fill 9th circuit  openings.
We remember Merrick Garland, you know.
Merrick Garland
Did you say "well qualified"?   How do you people look at yourselves in the mirror every day?  I have *never* in my 67 years seen such a corrupt, inept, lying, thieving bunch of elected officials.  I hear a rumble building!
Hypocrisy.  #GOP

Merrick Garland., ntm Russian interference. Sound familiar?
@SenMajLdr - Karma is a bitch. Just remember that.
I honestly hate you.
Me too!

#MerrickGarland #StolenSCOTUSSeat #Hypocrites
Do away with the ridiculous 60 vote obstruction. Just do it. Or retire.
Shut up you hypocrite. Merrick Garland.
You are depraved.
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#CorruptGOP 
#ComplicitGOP
#ProtectMueller 
#VoteThemOut 
#DonateBlue
FYI: There are Americans who don’t give a crap about Republicans vs. Democrats but rather see Congress as one big dysfunctional mess. Those who can’t work with their colleagues to reach sensible compromise need to be replaced. #BickeringIsNotGoverning
"I Senator Mitch McConnell (R-KY) will continue to lick the cloture of Donald Trump each and everyday! However,  I cannot feel my tongue anymore! "
Like the obstruction Obama faced?
Short term memory loss?  #ResignMcConnell
Deputy Dog McConnell had dthe historic obstruction of Obama's Supreme Court Jusitce nominee (well qualified) Merrick Garland for almost a year. First time in history a (Czar) Senate Leader did that! You obstructed Obama every chance you got!
McConnell is a nazi.
Well qualified??? So you say 
You are a joke sir.  You are def not for the best interests of our country.  You let 45 getaway without sanctions on Russia? You are complicit. So what exactly does Putin have on YOU? You are a disgrace and need to retire.  We are so DONE with you.
Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland
Look in the mirror hypocrite
Uhhh

Did you forget GOP HAVE THE MAJORITY 
& MANY JUST TAKE MAJORITY VOTE???

Did you forget:

SIX YEARS YOU HELD BOTH HOUSES UNDER OBAMA?
& BLOCKED EVERYTHING?

MERRICK GARLAND?

PAYBACK IS HELL, 
sadly America suffers until you ppl learn to work together.

#VoteThemOut2018
You have a long way to go. You must use the nuclear option
UNqualified!
Dear Mitch

Shut up

Dire consequences are coming your way.  Put all the shit judges you want on the bench.  America will get its justice for your treachery.  The nanosecond Republicans lose the HOR and Senate, you will hear us LOUD AND CLEAR
Historic obstruction? You are selling yourself short MCConnell
* Merrick Garland *
Ring any bells ?
We’re SEEING obstruction from the @GOPLeader @GOP as well instead of supporting OUR DULY VOTED IN @POTUS @realDonaldTrump has We People in mind first! Stop delaying his position pica & start supporting him or get out or get exposed.
Says the King of obstruction
Gee don't you think it's time to stop confirmations until January so the "voters can decide?"
McConnell it's real simple keep the senate in succession 7 days a week till the back log is relieved
MERRICK GARLAND!
Keep their feet on the heat. The President needs us!!!
Reading this thread one wonders why he gets on this account. 

He should retire after this term bc I suspect hell get shot if he runs again.
Like the one who ad never tried a case in any court?
The ones sworn to uphold the constitution yet have a long record against civil and equal rights, always in favor of religious extremist ideas and corporations?
That = qualified to the GOP
You are one of the most corrupt leaders in history! What a legacy to leave you crooked twit! #traitormccconnell
Yes but move it! Keep them there 7 days a week until I caught up! Nonsense. Stop being part of problem and use Nuclear Option to make things happen, or you will be replaced!
#MerrickGarland
You must really be afraid of the Trump Republicans. It really doesn't matter how much you fawn over Trump, they're still going to hate you. Too late to stop now, though. History will not look kindly on your sorry legacy.
You sir are the very last human being to speak about Judicial obstructionism. #MerrickGarland. Now sit down, stop whining and consider your hypocrisy.  Oh wait, that was meant for someone with a conscience. Never mind.
you sir are one of the same unless you can explain why their are over 500+ bills the House has past & you won't allow to be voted on; your allowing the Dems to defer/delay/deny the POTUS his appointments; your timid actions are all telling; no backbone-status quo gotta go!
The GOP has the majority, the only obstruction is trying to figure a way to blackmail the remaining Republican hold outs.
Well qualified? Like the ghost hunter guy that never saw the inside of a courtroom?

Hypocrite! #MerrickGarland
Pitiful 15 why don't you actually work 5 days a week once
That would be to much like work !
First of all, you're lying.

Second of all, you're scum.
Does your staff even read the comments how out-of-touch are you go away you belong in jail
That's the only job you will have until we take your job from you. Have fun.
@SpeakerRyan  @HouseGOP  @SenateGOP  @NancyPelosi  @SenatorSchumer  And  come to think about it, you are setting many up that are both unqualified and/or have various questionable political quirks!

MERRICK GARLAND, you hypocrite.
@SenateMajLdr @RandPaul @SenateFloor @funder @Resist___45 @LeftThePolls
Boy, I cannot WAIT for the elections this year. #VoteThemOut2018
@realDonaldTrump 

No shit Sherlock you control the Senate.
#merrickgarland
Oh Mitch, how suitable the judges are shall be seen by their rulings and posterity.  This is one bitter albatross you & the GOP may be wearing around your neck for decades to come.
Yeah and we seen their qualifications 0 about like your credibility
What qualifies them? The fact they know how to bang a gavel or they too like to grab them by the pussy? It will take decades to repair the damage you have done.
Judgeship application attached:
THAT'S ALL IN 15 MONTHS?!  BETTER BREAK THROUGH THIS LOGJAM.  YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS MESS, SENATOR McCONNELL!  IT DOESN'T TAKE A GENIUS TO FIGURE OUT A SOLUTION... JUST SOMEONE WHO WANTS TO WIN, NOT PLAY GAMES WITH THE UNCONSTITUTIONAL TRAITORS ON THE LEFT!
Pick better judges.
Mitch, I hope to be driving the Karma bus when it comes for you...
MERRICK GARLAND
Your hypocrisy is incredible.

Are you still soothing yourself to sleep nights knowing your proudest moment was obstructing President Obama's rightful #SCOTUS nomination?

You all on the right can't pretend away your bad actions; we'll notice more no matter what you deny.

Actually we all thought you’re obstruction of Obama for eight years was historic
52 more to go..
That’s laughable - historic obstruction was coined by you and @gop when you denied @BarackObama the ability to appoint his @Scotus pick. #gophypocrisy #Gaslighting #goplies
