"Kentucky ranks No. 49 for quality of health care, No. 38 in higher education, No. 45 in economic opportunity & No. 46 in fiscal stability.

Which begs the question: How does our senior senator -the man who has represented KY for more than 3 decades — explain numbers like these?"
Ditch Mitch
You still should have given the Middke class a bigger tax break. Yes rich fuel the business, but we are the consumers of their businesses.
But no money for the wall???? BUILD THE WALL!
WE VOTED TO BUILD THE WALL. IT IS NOT IN THE BILL. USE NUCLER OPTION.

Drain the Deep State Swamp NOW!#
“Why was it easier to give money to Planned Parenthood, which is a business that kills unborn babies?  While the VA wasn’t even good enough to be part of the bill?”
Confirming Judges Committed to the Rule of Law. More like committed to the rule of BREAKING THE LAW.
Here’s a question. Which one is for huge spending, a pork laden bill, against funding the wall, con’t funding of Planned Parenthood, against Trumps/ peoples agenda and thinks he knows better then the people he works for? It’s a trick question. Both. They’re virtually the same guy
The BS you approved in this bill is disgusting. Our $$ to build walls in foreign countries, not US, funded baby killers, took away #2A rights, funded sanctuary cities, limited # of Ice Agents hired & gave Schumer everything incldg a bridge. YOU sold Americans out. @POTUS #Veto
Word is, you’re in bed with the Chinese and have made a whoooooole lot of money by them. Wait until that committee starts traitor. Then we can get a true American conservative patriot to take your place, one who doesn’t sell out the country to get rich.
CHANGE SENATE RULES TO A 51 VOTE MAJORITY ON ALL BILLS AND NOMINEES!Do your job or RESIGN NOW!
Yep. We are screwed yertle.
The spending bill is garbage. Vote out all Rinos and Democrats!!
You are correct. Impacts every American. People yet to be born will be saddled with this grotesque debt.
#MitchMcConnell is exactly the kind of RINO that would not fight for Republican financial priorities.   #MAGA FAIL
Screw you!
Which is why the scam is so important to the majority of Americans. Make your voice heard. Stand in front of his offices in Ky and DC and protest. Vote the Republican party out of office. #Resist #BlueWave

With these yahoo’s in office now you can’t really tell the difference. They do not want to work just collect their checks. Afraid to fight for their constituents. It’s sad, pathetic and shameful.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
build that wall. Laziness 
https://www.facebook.com/TheRealJoethePlumber/posts/10155676998749296 …
You're damn right it impacts every single American.
The voters expect Republicans to get behind the President on the Border Wall. Otherwise it will be the Republicans that fall like domino NOT Trump. Charlie Rose election night said Trump had No One. Oh, but he had the voters. Sorry Charlie.
@SenateMajLdr We are voting you & your RINO playmates out of office for the Omnibus Tax Bill. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @JohnCornyn @SpeakerRyan SenateMajLdr @SenShelby @RoyBlunt @OrrinHatch @JimInhofe @OrrinHatch @SenCapito @marcorubio @JohnBoozman
Swamp Man please retire
It also impacts every single non born citizen yet who will have to pay for this governments greed and spending habits. Shame on you all. You are sickening & capitulated to Democrats to pay for baby killers & illegals sanctuary. May GOD forgive you bcus WE WON'T. Sell out
THIS IS THE SWAMP RAT TRAITORS TO THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
@FoxNews Poll: Voters prioritize protecting citizens from gun violence over protecting the rights of gun owners.  Poll also finds doubt Congress will act -- or that it would make any difference if it does. Do you care what Americans think?
Over half the country wants the wall! Little funding for it. Want new immigration laws. Nothing happening.
Yes and our children and their children and more.  Having our wall and money for our military come first. Not a wall for Egypt or other countries and not all the garbage projects you robbed us for.
Americans know,you know, your a liar.  RETIRE.
Yes, you're appropriating our money to build a wall as if there were any Mexicans who still wanted to come here.
They still do. And there was very little funding for the wall in that bill.
As an employee of @NRA YOU are KILLING our children! Sandy Hook survivor Lauren Milgram joins March For Our Lives protest

Just one question. Do you and Schumer have a drink and laugh at us when you bend the American people over? I so hope Kentucky votes you out.
You and Ryan have just put the democrats in charge of the House in November.  Nothing for the President's base??? Joe
Could you explain why laughing Chuck and smirking Pelosi got everything they wanted and the nation only received one thing in return?
Well, it has been only a few months since Trump signed the corporate tax  cut bill into law, and we’re already learning what anyone with any  sense knew at the time:  Everything Democrats predicted is turning out  to be  right.
***CORRECTION*** This appropriations bill HURTS almost every single American.
What good is it to throw money at the war on drugs and not build the wall?! I voted for him because there is nothing in his agenda that I am opposed to.  If Trump wouldn't have done anything but the wall, I would have been happy. I hope he doesn't sign another bill like this!
We want the WALL! Maybe those of you in the swamp do not want one but the majority of the people want a WALL! You funded those murderers in Planned Parenthood. You think this will was good? Why don't you retire and let a Real Republican lead!
You don’t give a rats a$$ about Americans!!
It impacts every American with debt
Yeah..Schumer gets $60 BILLION for tunnel & America gets $ 0 for WALL You n Ryan have F every family in America #mitchmustgo
Where's the Wall?
You lied to Trump about the contents of this bill. You agreed to language that actually restricts his ability to secure the border, or begin building a wall system that works. LIAR and SWAMP RAT!
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Shame on y'all. Both of you are betrayals for the terrible Omnibus bill presented to Potus. Both of you cannot lead. Opioid and drugs coming from Mexico. Where is the Wall? Every time giving Dems Victory. Shame on you.
you ryan both need to step down now or we will vote the whole gop http://out.you  both sold out the people usa
Cant believe the GOP approved/ developed that POS omnibus--- GOP not much better than DEMS ---will never give another dime to GOP we need a third party for fiscally conservative republicans! #screwbothGOPDEMS
GOP was riding high thanks to Trump, NO MORE, GOP will die after Spending Deficit without 1Mile of APPROVED 700 Mile Border Wall! You're the SWAMP!
Where is the damn wall funding??? You DC elitists continue to ignore the will of the people (and many are republican voters) and it will be remembered when we vote.  That bill is full of pork and just a scratch for the wall. All of you need to go. You continue to feed us your BS
@SpeakerRyan
This bill is pretty much a joke Mitch! No wall, no DACA fix, huge increase in national debt, a huge raise to yourselves that you dont need, ad youcontinue to rape the elderly on SS!  2% increase, really? And Medicare took all that away! Congress is raping America!!!
We the voters gave you the Whitehouse We expect you to support our Potus & our agendas!!  Economy & Safety- Priority #1

You and Speker Ryan need to be impeached!  You have ignored the will of the American people repeadtedly and compromised with the liberal Dems!  You have to go!
#LIES

These 17 names will always live in my heart. The young men and women of #StonemanDouglas were taken from us far too early. Now their memories are the driving force behind a nationwide movement to end gun violence.
…

U betcha! Especially when it builds walls 4 other countries and NOT USA! U ain’t right
What a slap in the face you in the Republican Congress and President gave the people who put you into office by passing a Democrat bill!   We need a new political party!
How can you pat yourself on the back when you’ve given big money to planned parenthood and not backed the President’s agenda.  You can’t stand up to Schumer.  I’m totally disgusted and disappointed with you and Ryan.  Following not leading.  We’ll remember.
Ryan is a disgrace so also Mitch. We need to vote two of them out. They are but embarrassment to GOP. They cannot lead. Why is Mitch don't cancel u nconstitutional filibuster rule? I have not seen where minority control majority. Another victory to Dems. #Leadership Failure.
Make it law. Every line item introduced to a spending bill must be identified by the congressperson that proposed it and the MAJ LDR!
#TransparencyAct
#stopthespending
You need to go away! You sold us out.  Go @realDonaldTrump! Drain the swamp! Ryan and McConnell screwed you and me!
Resign please you are part of the swamp!
You’ve betrayed us. You and Ryan are traitors. You do NOT represent us. You ARE the swamp.
So does the recent Spending Bill which is a disaster. McConnell and Ryan are traitors to The West.
We Vets are looking for other to Vote for! You are spineless Selfish, people that have no caring for the American People Your as Horrid as the Demos, putting cash in your kids names, recieving Kick back and pocketing our cash w/ your deals some under your kids names! We know you!
Do you think we are stupid? No U get the raises, SSN raised 3
$30 the raise $30 for Medicare! No Wall for the US but walls for other countries Boarders! You raised your salary couple in a few years! Ear-marks kickbacks from Lobbiests and things like Shrimp treadmill runs Split $$
Who keeps voting for this idiot! Anyone from Kentucky have anything good to say about him?
You asked for the house we gave you the house 

You asked for the Senate we gave you the Senate 

You asked for the White House we gave you the White House 

Honorable men are asking for your job I think we will give it to them

You’re an embarrassment! What happened to all the promises of you cutting spending and cleaning up the process!? Looks like the same ole Washington to me.
How could you live with yourselfyou don’t represent us
Yes, it does impact every tax paying citizen by increasing the deficit, you should be ashamed of yourself and retire, but not in Kentucky.
LIAR.
What party do you work for again? What people?  I think the only people happy about this are Schumer and friends.  Conservative Republican citizens are angry and rightfully so.  You have failed those that voted for you.  Key word- failed.
BS RINO!
POS
He*
Time to go Mitch! This scam of a Bill is going to cost Republicans! Your an embarrassment to the Party!!!!
This omnibus is a horror and so r u and Ryan. U r traitors to our party. Your hate for my president is so obvious. U r the swamp. We want u out now
How do you expect to ever get anymore votes for Republican Party? Not doing things promised. Oh, that’s right. You don’t care. You have your money and power. We see the light.
After the back stabbing you and the other fake Republicans did to Our President today & carved to the Democrats last night, Peter Schweizer picked a perfect time to publish the truth about your corruption. Time for U to go!
You have betrayed the American people with this spending bill. After signing the bill the president should be impeached. This is bad. The spin on this horrible bill , will not work this time !
Your bill sucks.  You should resign as leader!
It's been a little more than 2 hours since the last time I told you how worthless, spineless & shiftless all of you are. Thanks for making my many years of voting for you of no value or effect. At least Bernie is honest.  @SpeakerRyan @GOP
Well said, I too live in KY and supported this loser for years.  He will never get my vote again.  We need a primary opponent to get rid of him.
All these "republicans" know why they were sent to Washington & given authority. The truth is they didn't just ignore us, they backstabbed us.
The bill is shameful, like you and Ryan. You are the swamp ! 
You’re disgrace to God and country. May the angel of darkness fall upon you and yours
You left the last word out...should be: "This appropriations bill impacts almost every single American NEGATIVELY"
You’re garbage and I hope you end up in jail.
You guys are sickening!!
You sir are nothing but a sell out and traitor to the American people!!!
You gave Democtats everything and Republicans nothing!! Just more broken promises!! Where is the funding for the wall?? You fund killing unborn children and sanctuary cities but won't fund securing our border!! @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan must be removed immediately!!
Have you even read your platform.  YOU ALL LIED!  And you expect evangelicals to stand with you?   It's infuriating that you call yourself the "pro-life" party and yet you continue to allow funds to go for baby murder without any resistance whatsoever.   SICKENING!
This omnibus bill is shameful. Congress should do their job
I'm so upset with President Trump that he let Paul Ryan and @SenateMajLdr treat him with such disrespect by pushing this horrific spending bill. Doesn't he know by now they are out to sabotage his presidency?
you just sunk the Trump Agenda with a stinker bill that leaves in catch and release for illegal imigrants because you defunded expanding the beds.  You are a swamp creature through and through

Mr.McConnell, your porkula bill is a stinker.  You saddled America with debt  while funding pet projects for greedy friends & lining your pockets with a pay raise. You betrayed the Trump agenda. You need to STEP DOWN from your seat. Sen. Cruz would make a better Majority Leader.
Again you lie
You are FIRED
Including many future generations.  Irresponsible!
Updated
A huge thank-you to @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan for almost certainly ensuring that the Republicans will lose their majority in the House and Senate after 2018.
Then why didn't you give your Senators more time to read it??
Get trump appointes in we need them to much delay
McConnell the longer you treat Trump like an ally/GOP President, you embolden his worst traits. He has terrible numbers, they would be worse if he didn't blame congress for everything.....that's why Congresses numbers are even lower. Stop taking his BS, ....let him own his stuff.
By raising the debt of our children.
Right because we will all be paying for it for years. I'm glad you voted yourself a raise. Term limits. November is coming soon.
@POTUS The 2,000+ page omnibus calls for a referendum on the  increasingly commonplace "blind vote". Proposal: If a bill is introduced at the 11th hour & deprives a majority from reading it, it ought to trigger A) a line-item veto exception or B) a mandatory time out (vote delay)
Running afoul of a "time-out" could push votes beyond looming deadlines. This might incentivize the text of bills to publish earlier, giving lawmakers opportunity to read them. A time-out would serve to make authors account for a setback so fewer 11th Hour blind votes take place.
Ryan & McConnell should be ASHAMED of themselves! No different than Schumer/Pelosi! How dare You encourage signing ANY BILL THATS NOT BEEN READ? HYPOCRITES! You are all a disgrace! Your words mean nothing! No honor!Enjoy your vacation on the taxpayers dime! SHAME ON U ALL!!!
You are sickening
Mark Levin on ‘Secret Empire’ Mitch McConnell Allegations: ‘Stunning,’ ‘Disgusting’ — ‘Should Be Removed’ from Office
F A I L ! !
God help us, you sick sick man.
You are a swamp dwelling snake. This is not what I voted for. We are sick and tired of your leadership if that’s want you want to call it. You stabbed the President and leader of your own partying the back. Time after time guy have turned your back on Conservatives!
STOP PAYING THIS ROGUE GOVERNMENT!
#DRAINTHESWAMP 1776!  
USE FORM W-4V
Check #7 and give to your employer!
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!  
#omnibus #MAGA #MAGATrumpTrain #NRA 

@realDonaldTrump HAS REALLY, REALLY DISAPPOINTED US!
#VETO #omnibusbill 

https://www.irs.gov/forms-pubs/form-w-4v-voluntary-withholding-request …
Apparently Mitch doesn’t read the comments on his own tweets.
This bill is only good for your big business friends, not the American taxpayer.  If it was good for the American taxpayer, it would have not added to the debt.  Time for the Democrats to take over Congress, you had your opportunity and failed.#replaceLeaderMcConnell
No that’s funny! Democrats are the big spenders!  Big gov. You cant think or do for yourself progressive socialist! The leaders is a closet lib!
Mitch it is time.  You need to step down and go home to Ky.
You aren't building the wall you are repairing a fence. You buckled to the democrats. No wall no votes. Very disappointed you caved.
You caved into the Dems.  Glad you were able to get your undeserving pay raise.  You are losing you party buy the bill
Great were heading faster and faster into collapse because the people we elect cant follow a budget and spend only what they get in taxes and are increasing our nation debt its wrong under obama and is now under trump
This guy is soooo full of BS!!
Liar:
Since Congress came up with such a DUMB bill, the least you can do is work on ending the Filibuster Rule and giving @POTUS Line Item Veto power. Dems held our military hostage with this bill...time for us to get something positive now. Line Item Veto and End Filibuster Rule NOW!
You failed!!! We want a wall and we want it now! Your a joke.
End the filibuster now.  Don’t worry about being the minority, you always cave anyway, so why not allow the will of the people to prevail instead of the swamp? #SenateChairman
It sure does! It adds to the deficit with NO offsets or cuts of waste! $22T here we come! We don’t “ get it” right? Spend more than you have equals deficit! #DCvsAmerica #BeltwayBubbly
Oh....My ....What a ''Freaking ..Asinine''' thing to say....
You let us DOWN! You are no longer a voice for the conservatives.
The FILIBUSTER RULE should have been ended LONG ago when the Dirty Dems declared they would obstruct everything!! They handed you a reason on a silver platter and you didn't run with it.
@SenateMajLdr LINE ITEM VETO NOW AND END FILIBUSTER RULE NOW!!! 
Yes, @SenateMajLdr , this colossal stench reaches every middlesex, village & farm. So will this abandonment of good legislative process. So will this grandest event of deficit spending since WW2. No more characterizing Dem spending as “giveaways”. GOP takes that trophy.
Americans, let’s give corrupt George Soros property @SpeakerRyan, @NancyPelosi, @SenateMajLdr, @SenSchumer A VERY BIG FU   via OUR VOICE @POTUS @realDonaldTrump !!
Everything should be battled using REGULAR ORDER! 

Separate Budget for each Federal Department!

Like in a business!

NO MORE OMNIBUS SWAMPS by DICTATORS RYAN, PELOSI, MCCONNELL, SCHUMER !!

#VetoTheOmnibus !

You are a bad, bad !!
Thats the problem
Omnibus bill destroys families: funding #PlannedParenthood
Funding very deceitful propaganda #FakeNews PBS
Funding NEA that sh/be funding iTself
Just a wasted of spending, growing govt bigger while you and your wife enjoy personal self-gains from China connections
#VetoTheOmnibus
Typical RINO with no backbone. Money doesn't solve problems, leadership does, where you lack thereof.
Stop the swamp here:
https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3690 
What all have you hidden in it? This is not a way to govern! Please retire you are a terrible leader. #kentuckyvoter
Ryano and McConnell are hoping #Democrats get elected in 2018...so they skinned border wall funding to nothing....thinking next years budget will be steered by #Democrats.   McConnell and Repubs are weak and useless.
Schumer would have given us a more Republican spending bill.  No Wall, No Deal.  This is pathetic.
The bill is being business as usual garbage.  @realDonaldTrump #VetoTheOmnibus
Do not like bill. Trump needs to veto.
Americans are sick of your hypocrisy. You are bought and paid for by wealthy donors & corporations. Your only interest is in furthering their interests. The rest of us can rot for all you care.
it sucks......spending spending spending, how deplorable
Thanks for governing!
