Please stop.. just stop. You are not fooling anyone i hope. I cannot wait until all of you are gone
Maybe you could move some of the other nominees through in the mean time, Mitch?
You’re a Traitor to the Oath if Office - looking forward to when you’re ousted ...
Mitch McConnell gives Trump the green light to move on Mueller, says he won’t permit vote on legislation to protect special counsel from being fired 
Based on the logic from @KellyannePolls regarding @Comey, why didn't Gina Haspel speak up to her superiors about "enhanced interrogation" tactics??  Does she believe these tactics necessary?!?
Your opinion & word has no value. You really have ruined your party & are complicit in the cancer spreading in the government & country. When a constitutional crisis happens, you will have played your part of the fool with no fault but your own. Step up before its too late.
Gina "WaterBoarding" is your darling of the moment.

Figures @REalDonaldTrump
Oh, and she was deeply involved with torturing people. You forgot that part.
#Resign
She’s also really good at facilitating torture.
Looking at the comments i can see i was correct you are definitely not fooling anyone 
Resign

And with that we come full circle from 2016, when McConnell refused bipartisanship for a warning about Russian tampering during the election. https://twitter.com/frankthorp/status/986351014822514698 …
Maybe you can be cell mates. HEY, you could be his bitch!
I can't wait for you to go away.
That lady does not need to confirmed idiot!
Intel committee are looking into whether Haspel destroyed videotape of her torturing people during G Bush era. Dedicated to rule of law? To treatment of fellow human beings? What? #VoteBlue #BlueWaveIsComing2018 #ImpeachmentNow
Resign.
Aww fu*k man, who listens to your moronic prattle?
Remind you of anyone?
#ProtectMueller ?
As long as she promises not the torture my spineless ass..
Don't waist time and bring them up for vote. Stop delaying our President's appointees which you have held up for 18 months. Grow a backbone and fight the demonCRAPS and the swamp. Don't  boast about what you have done and actually get something done. MAGA
Not in my name, #GinaHaspel has not! #Torture and cover up of torture are illegal in the US as far as I know. We don’t need more ruthless people who defy the constitution running our security!


Help me out – is this the war criminal?
Get her nominated asap she is needed beside trump
She's a torturer
Resign
And what was the conversation about water boarding???
She was involved in TORTURE!
Nobody cares about your opinion. On anything.
Gina haspel en @CIA já
Can we torture you?
The gop couldn't pick a good candidate for anything
Resign.
This is your Frankenstein, you and party members built this traitor Trump. I hope you have a safe place when he starts his war, to cover his wrong doing.
Support means nothing without a vote...

Get all of Trump's candidates approved....now.

Stormy Daniels reacts to Pres. Trump's denial he knew anything about $130,000 payment made to her: "I work in the adult business and I'm a better actor than he is." http://abcn.ws/2CcjBVI  
Did she “waterboard” you into saying this?
Resign
.@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Stop @POTUS from behaving like a King-Do Ur job: Check/Balance #ExecutiveBranch's excesses-Protect #Mueller's Russia Investigation-Define strategy about Syria b4 next attack! #NoTradeWars #NoNorthKoreanWar #NoIranWar #BootPruitt #StopPompeo #StopHaspel
Fail
Of course you do. The reports of her involvement in interrogation techniques that amount to torture probably don’t bother you in the least, but frankly, that’s more a comment on who you are than an endorsement of her.
Too bad you didn't have the ethics and decency to support Merrick Garland's SCOTUS nomination. You're an ass.
Resign
#Resign
What have sanctions against Russia not been implemented?
It would go much faster if the Senate operated on a simple majority and you pecker heads. Treated your job like a real job and didn't take so many breaks from during the year........
Hey Mitch, remember when she tortured people? Pretty lame right? Let's not put her in charge of the CIA.
You should be doing more to protect this president you and your wife are making millions of China is that the reason you were not defending the man we elected??Jeff sessions needs to go with Rob Rose and Stan
Leader hahahaha
No respect for you or any of your GOP membership who put party before country.
It would be nice if the Federal government was only concerned with our national security, sure would cost less. But all we're seeing is a militarily backed corporate global empire. Shame on all of you.
I’m sure she’ll enjoy a solid 90 days of employment in that position before being fired.
Wow...another outstanding nomination from this corrupt administration. She is basically a war criminal. But then again, no one of character wants to work for this president.
Resign. You seem to turn a blind eye to her fondness in using torture. This person should never get nominated under any other president
she's been a proven liar and tried to destroy evidence after being ordered to turn it over. She's a great example of the Gov. u people want, liars criminals, and people who think their above the law. NO THANK YOU
Isn’t she an advocate and participant of torture techniques which are against the Geneva convention! What about an answer to that rather than a rubber stamp of president Putin- I mean trump?
She’s also controversial. Stop pushing all of trumps nominees. She’s not qualified
I think it’s a little too late in his presidency to be making nominations
Resign.
Did U give praise like that to any of the now fired ppl appointed by Dictator Trump? You’re a fraud & we don’t need another puppet, but they keep getting hired. Wow, your constituents are so gullible. Sad
Will she be Secretary of Torture,  Weasel Mitch?
Then do to nuclear!
Hey Mitch let's have term limits
Loves water boarding and torture too!  What a gal you got there!!!
Let’s get it DONE!! Work on those judges openings also!!
Resign
She supports torture Mitchel that’s not what the USA is about.
You have no credibility.
If course you do. Weasel.
Merrick Garland
Another Trump official was arrested for fraud today. Trump is lounging around at his private golf course and charging taxpayers for his 147th vacation in less than two years. Meanwhile MY STUDENTS have THIS to deal with.
The only thing shocking to me about the racism of @Starbucks employees is how shocked people are by it. 

Y'all have no idea how many hurdles black people have to jump over…
You are destroying our country.
Who doesn’t love water boarding ?

Support the IMMEDIATE confirmation of ALL of President Trump’s nominees by killing the filibuster travesty 

#COSProject
Resign
no one trusts your judgement anymore

@SpeakerRyan
Uh huh.

Try again.

Find someone NOT wrapped in a cloak of evil.
Perhaps your should be more focused on supporting the citizens of the USA and not so much people who are willing to destroy our nation and take away our civil rights.
Resign
RESIGN! resign! RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign! RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign! RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign!  RESIGN! resign!
U won’t be looking after November mid term ur finished. @realDonaldTrump
it's time to fix the Ludicrous Filibuster rule. fix it or use the nuclear option; or get out of the Senate. It's your choice.
You’ve got to be kidding. War crimes.
MoronMitch, shut up, if Kentucky thinks and wants True Representation, McConnell gets VOTED OUT! He’s owned by Trump’s & the Big$Lobbyists-Is NOT representing Kentucky!
You are completely delusional or they don't teach you how to read in Kentucky. I'm going with hillbilly uneducated can't read or write.
Protect the F'ING border! "Hundreds" of illegal aliens crossing into the US. There should be more assets & operators.
Something about a naked guy hanging by his wrists in a cool room (54deg) until he dies 2 days later really bothers a lot of voters.  Oh, Yes, something about waterboarding is also adding some discomfort to voters.
Why don't you meet with Ryan and do your jobs and hold this president accountable

You would support a woman who is wanted for war crimes. You are truly the worst politician in Congress. You will be replaced and history will not look kindly on you.
#McConnellisAFraud
Did she get a chance to waterboard a little bit?

#MAGA? #Trump
Thanks Leader McConnell. More cooperation is needed for POTUS45 TRUMP from the GOP across board, instead coming across as the prime opposition party to the administration, even more than the DEMS.
she is a torturer, a criminal.
She’s a war criminal.
If Mitch is on board, drill down on this person.
Resign
Resign
Resign 
You are WORTHLESS
U would
You've got to be kidding considering her background.

Can you say tone deaf of what's really happening now
Nuclear option. Stop letting the Dems think they are in charge. Tell the Dems to go home because they are useless obstructionists only not legislators. @VP
Oh you mean "torture Barbie"?
Is she a Russian agent too?
We need to have leaders that stand for right, i think we can do better, you on the other hand have nelt before potus, asking you to stand for right we know is a bridge to far were sure! Gina needs so be supervised!
Please don’t tweet about anything unless you’re resigning.  That’s the only thing I want to hear from you.
Why anyone want to work anywhere in this administration is beyond me.
And she's also a proponent and practitioner of torture!
He'll say she's crooked in 3 months!!!
R-E-S-I-G-N
And she is an awesome torturer and exceptional at record destruction. #MAGA
I look forward to your return to the den of snakes from which you came.
You need to go. Please retire.
And tell all GOP senators to do so!
She supports torture. Do you?
You need to GET OUT!!!
Resign
Resign!
Proven to be a torturer and no consideration for human kind. Add ANOTHER gator to the Swamp. Cannot wait to cripple you.
You have been worst Majority Leader in history
Soooo we can expect another "well qualified" nominee dimissal and/or resignation in what? 3 - 4 weeks?
She oversaw torture of prisoners. You are the worst Senate Majority leader ever.
Water boarding is now legal? So we can be cruel to other humans ? What values matter any more?
Today I am reminding you of your duplicitous actions and world record of obstruction. #McConnellObstructs
change the rules to get more nominees approved.
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 

By “consummated” do you infer as to whatever it takes to torture for results?

Ever stop to think there’s a point they’ll just say what you want to hear?

Has she been “welcomed” into the “family”?
Sounds like she is into the kinky stuff

So in other words - torture. #torture #EvilEmpire
Whistle. Nothing to see here.

Will she be acceptable to the K STREET LOBBYISTS?
Support our President’s agendA also please
Resign.
Oh so after the illegal torture
Back to your stagnant pond 
When you are slow rolling this. Shame on you.
A war criminal should never be put in a position of power
So torture is good, you cowardly wuss.

She's a bloody handed torturer.
Consummate professional except for those times she oversaw torture. We stand for better. We should be better.
How about the overall actions of our ast. AG. Are you satisfied with the damage being done to our executive branch?  You do understand the legislative branch of our government has oversight of the justice department, right?
Yeah... Except for the torture thing and the systematic attempted cover up of the torture thing... She's a great candidate.  A real trust-worthy individual.   WTF?
ANOTHER very poor choice.
Go away you hack we don’t want you in our party
Get her in fast and drain that swamp.
If you think she is a good candidate your retirement is overdue!!
But Mitch the black sites, the torture. If we can’t do better the world is sunk. Plus moral values aside, data proves torture doesn’t work. No to Gina. Absolutely not. @SenatorCollins @SenAngusKing @SenatorHassan @HudsonJeans
Even with her questionable background? Leaders are supposed to LEAD, not kiss ass for political points. I haven't seen 1 nominee that you have objected to, and there are MANY that were overtly unqualified. Do you even read their resumes, or just see your office as a pass-through?
And refuses to comment on Brown v. Board.
Forgive if I say that it’s difficult to trust you on anything.
Go nuclear do your job!  Can you please at some point do the right thing for the American people instead of your pocketbook
Read today that someone likened you to the Russians. Why don’t you retire, too, Comrade Turtleski? Or don’t you feel like you’ve done enough damage to our country yet?
Resign Criminal
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi. Give them nothing. What did this majority do for eight years? obstruct disrespect and seditionistly
Rewarding torture is an odd stance for a country that at one time led the way against torture.  This nominee belongs in The Hague on war crime charges.
Translation: she's terribly unqualified and will be gone within the year.


You've been torturing us for years Senator.  No surprise that you support one of your own.
You support a Torturer?
Did she water board you until you agreed to support her confirmation?  Let me guess... She didn't have to...
Good bj I guess huh.
Maybe you need to be waterboarded or exposed to extraordinary rendition to oppose this nomination. Or you can join the lying, duplicitous Ryan and leave office now.
Did she waterboard you to get this tweet??
She is a war monger who has a history of overseeing torture.
Of course - u have your head up trump u know what - disgusting

would you please just shut up?  thank you
Resign, Haspel = Torture and Rendition #GOPComplicit
She is a war criminal
Chop chop Mr Leader McConnell.
