@RandPaul @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump @PRyan RESPECTFULLY you have FAILED America!! List one thing that is different in the bill if Dems are the Majority today! #MAGA is NOT 1.3 Trillion No wall/defunding PP/sanctuary cities BUT we get a NY/NJ tunnel peachy. 
#GET A BACKBONE
McConAll must have some real geniuses working for him to post this kind of crap. 
Hey stupid,  don't you have to breathe the air and drink the water too?  Oh, that's for the commoners, not the aristocrats like you. How will you feel when someone close to you gets cancer?  Just a liberal plot,  brought to you by YOU. Must be nice to have such good insurance.
No the regulations protected workers in the coal miners and farmers spraying chemicals that harm are water and soil regulations protect us
Clean drinking water areas would be nice as well.
Just watching....
Leader?
Oh for god’s sake, even the people in coal country know coal is not coming back.
Stop lying
You tell them Mitch, @potus's bitch, lets start polluting again. there's money in that there smog stuff.
You know as well as I that cheap natural gas and automation has have more impact on coal jobs than regulations.
Coal miner deaths, not mining jobs, nearly doubled under relaxed rules @realDonaldTrump implemented http://www.newsweek.com/coal-miners-safety-health-trump-788576 … …

A measure signed into law in Kentucky this past week would prevent federally-certified radiologists from judging X-rays in state black lung compensation claims. https://n.pr/2J7XNya 
We do NOT need filthy coal which contributes to global warming, whether you believe it or not. We need regulations on pollution. Who wants to sing America the filthy and polluted?

A measure signed into law in Kentucky this past week would prevent federally-certified radiologists from judging X-rays in state black lung compensation claims. https://n.pr/2J7XNya 
I call BS.
@SenateMajLdr we have a WH falling apart and our country is moving closer to nuclear war with Trumps selection of Bolton and removal of Tillerson and McMaster. Your focus on removing consumer protections is such a petty objective. You and @SpeakerRyan need to focus on stopping DT
Phuck You! YOU held our nation back, Mr. "one term president" McConAll. 

I hope you and your minions got a good price for your souls.
Nothing you have said is true except for- "Well..."
Turtle head popping out- out wait that’s mindless Mitch
Ditch Mitch
Good luck with that.
I'm hoping you did not go too far and give away our national parks or allow oil drilling where it should not be.

You are just making this up!
You need to be replaced you are a weak leader. Too bad filling your own pocket does not help the people that put our president in office.
When is the Senate going to grow a set & check Dopey Donald before it’s too late!!! Make America Normal Again!
Yes I hate cleaner water and air along with overtime pay and safer workplaces.
This new trade war your all star President started is really going help! hey Mitch ? Go talk to some farmers about how they feel about it! Check out the market right now down 724 points. There goes my meager tax savings. Tariffs a big mistake!
they *may*?....
Come on! That's all you got?
How about #MuellerInvestigation and #FireWallMueller?

Agreed. Clean air and clean water are terrible for the economy.
Do not vote for this bill, if you want to stay in your job next election
Get on the Train, man. Else, ye shall be tossed from it!
Sorry Mitch all the farms on my road have turned into subdivisions
coal?   with YOU in charge, we'd still be driving horse and buggy carts - RENEWABLE IS THE FUTURE (of course that's why Trump has placed a tariff on solar panels!)   BLUE WAVE
So why are miners backing democrats????
COAL SLUDGE IN STREAMS & RIVERS POLUTE KILLING WILDLIFE & PEOPLE WHO HAVE TO DRINK IT!
BUT HE WAS PROTECTING OUR CLEAN WATER & AIR  WITH THOSE REGULATIONS SAVING PEOPLE & KIDS LIVES! TRUMP DOESN'T CARE ABOUT PEOPLES LIVES!
Ok Old Man letmetry to explain this so you can understand,  CLEAN ENERGY IS THE FUTURE. You old fossil fuels need to go away
Vote down that omnibust bill why are u funding PP and sanctuary cities and adding another Trillion to debt and still no wall
This is a joke. @BarackObama saved the US from the second depression & produced the longest sustained period of job growth in US history in spite of everything you and your @gop cronies did to stop him. Your across the board sequestration cuts were only thing stopping more growth
You SUCK! and so does the spending bill
And now we have a lying con man for POTUS.  Tell me again about how much better off we are now.
You are a horrible leader. The American people know how you sold the country out to China. You will be gone and @realDonaldTrump should fire your wife for her corruption as well.

When are you as a leader do something about your he nut in the WH???
Kentucky made a lot of big mistakes:

Mitch McConnell 
Rand Paul 
Matt Bevin 
Kim Davis 

Come on Kentucky  -  you deserve better!
Get real! Trump is ruining farm/AG economy.  Richard Painter has the right of this @RWPUSA @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP
From a Conservative to you: a gathering storm on the Horizon rises! Omnibus will be the end for RINO's even if  we go down with Dems.
Liar liar pants on fire. You are intentionally misrepresenting the facts and stats.
McConnell you are corrupt to allow POS 1.4 trillion funding bill to pass. I Pray POTUS VETOES bill, shame on you & rino Senate and House.
No WALL, no immigration fixs, funding PPHood & Sanctuary cities. Say bye to House & SENATE. Your history will be spit on.
In the book Secret Empires: How the American Political Class Hides Corruption and Enriches Family and Friends, it appears to show you are bought and paid for by the Communist Chinese, what say you?
Why don’t you help coal communities by providing education to help these folks get new jobs in the existing economy instead of continuing to blatantly lie about “coal jobs” coming back?
Do you think somebody gives credit to what you say? are you also suffering of delusion of grandeur? you are cooked as a leader of anything.
How about some compromising? Founding Fathers thought that was a good idea!
"Growth" is a GOP buzzword for - oil drilling, fracking, stripmining or deforestation.
Dude, your leader called Putin to congratulate him on another sham election.  You too are in with Flynn.  #NoGOPutin
Opportunity Zones are just more "trickle down economics", just corporate welfare for businesses that were going to expand anyway.....
oh, look, an Opportunity Zone; let's start a business.  
what are you going to make?  
I don't know, what difference does it make?  
....
Mitch McConnell, are you seriously blaming Obama for poor mining communities? Seriously, mining has always been a poor man's job. Appalachia coal mining towns have always been poor. Progress is when people don't have to mine coal to feed their families.
What’s up with that budget? We have a deficit you know! Why do you and Ryan try to make DemocRATS happy? It will not make them like you. Nobody will like you. 
Other areas don't need reliefs - right?  RINO
Oh Mitch you are so hilarious!
This is a Fuck'n lie!
Is this why the DOW is down 500+ today?
Obama?  Why do you need to attack others?  Concentrate on issues.
Traitor
Republicans Just Want Trump to Be a Better Liar (Like Mitch McConnell) http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/03/republicans-just-want-trump-to-be-a-better-liar.html?utm_source=tw&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-t … via @intelligencer
Not so fast Mr. Mcgoo. Lets see what happens now that trump policies take hold. We will see what we end up with after the next 3 years.
I hope you like eating and drinking coal ash. Stay classy Kentucky.
It’s amazing how the Republicans clear the way for the rich and the corporations to abuse and exploit the uneducated in our country and then tell these victims they are helping them.  Very Orwellian; very scary.  #HowDemocracyDies
Your usual BS lies...
Unless of course you want uncontaminated drinking water, clean air to breath during asthma attack or roundup free crops to eat.
I hear the coal industry is really booming and creating a lot of good paying, healthy jobs. Keep it up, boys!
Please bring back the guillotine next.
Yeah coal’s making a big comeback.
By the way, another man who sat in Lincoln's chair tried deregulation for the banking and industrial companies in this country not too long ago. 
What followed was one of the greatest surges in air, water, and land pollution in decades along with the Great Recession.
#GWBush
It seems you have the same moron mindset that our man child Preseident @realDonaldTrump has. I can't wait until the midterms and the GOP majority is shown how the majority of Americans feel when the House and Senate move back to Deomcrat control. #UnfitForOffice #VoteGOPOut
USA is going backwards and is being left behind by other nations who understand coal is not the future. Renewable resources is. But by all means, sell your soul so a few thousand people can have the opportunity to die from respiratory ailments.
@realDonaldTrump
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/12/16/business/the-winners-and-losers-in-the-tax-bill.html …
The observant aren't buying what you're selling Mitch. The wealthy are bathing in Billions from the Corporate Tax Scam while the average citizen will have spent their pittance in less than a week.
Just wait until China imposes tariffs on US grain imports.
You care so much about Eastern Kentucky you passed the RECLAIM Act. Right?
This spending bill is NOTHING on which you campaigned and we who support Repubs are PISSED OFF! If you support this crap, we may have to rethink our decisions! NO PP or sanctuary city funding! You promised. And STOP using our military as PAWNS for your lies! #BuildTheWall
If this mass spending bill passes with money for financing the killing of babies you, sir, will be in danger of Hell Fire. I urge you to realize how serious it is to allow murder to be financed by our taxes. Please take out the blood money from this bill and have mercy.
Please resign.  You are in the midst of a corruption scandal
Great, now why is it you can't even introduce HPA again? Point out it's a hunter safety issue and shred Democrats even among their own.  Put their gun ban agenda on full display! Why do you let them off easy every time?
Yeah Kentucky
Its not ur Senator whose been in DC for 30 years raping ur state
Its was Obama's fault that McConnell is the richest Senator for the poorest state
WAKE UP KENTUCKY!!
#LiarsAndWeasels
You are weak and need to step down
JUST SO EVERYONE KNOWS MITCH THE BITCH MCCONNELL IS A LYING http://P.O.S.KY  IS GOING TO DITCH THE BITCH MITCH ASAP ALSO DON THE CON!
Don't think for a minute #WeThePeople are happy with you. Better start listening better. You won't like the negative feedback. #truth
The market for coal is shrinking every day.   It’s really about market forces and cheaper alternatives.    It’s not about “over regulation”.
It's amazing even after one year out of office you still blame Obama but yet he was the one that saved our economy from the gop
Coal nit coming back
Coal will NEVER come back. You are lying to your constituents. #firemitch
You are an embarrassment to America
Keep drinking the coolaid and you will soon be de-elected!!!!
Oh geez protecting the health of workers, clean air and water, how low could Obama go?
Shame on you spending bill is terrible. Needs to be voted down. No wall, sanctuary cities funded. Dems in control. All excuses need to change rules. Schumer will, losing the senate because of this makes you a leader who loses instead of winning your legacy!!!
I lived and worked in SE KY FOR 10 yrs - have many friends - I’m looking forward to hearing from them about their benefits based on the GOP tax reform
The pollutants some farmers allow to trickle into streams flow to creeks to rivers and aquifers contaminating water. Some regulations must be made and adhered to. We can have both with a little effort. How about investing in green energy.
No way in HELL Mitch. 
America the HELL up.
NEW: GOP pushes to change Senate rules for Trump http://hill.cm/uxTS7Hv  
Your owned by the Chinese. 
How is your shipping business?

#sellout
Trump is doing it all by himself without any assistance from the coward Mitch McConnell .  Hey mitch, get up and out from under your desk.  Your time to lead is dwindling fast.
Hell yea . Everybody wants coal sludge in their water . And more mining deaths . Thank-you . Thank-you .Thank-you .
Get checked for a STD from sucking up to Washington's Love Machine, Trump
Hey Mitch, did you remember to congratulate Vladdy too?
I prefer rivers that we can drink out of over jobs that pollute them.
Don’t sign omnibus bill. I’m one of your constituents and see this as a horrible smack in the face to America! Do what’s right for Kentucky & America! #MAGA

You and your wife are crooks.  It’s time to step away, or be thrown out.
And in each of those you had one hand out, palm up, and the other deep in our pockets.
How many Cloture Votes are you going to allow before you go Nuclear. You are the Most Spineless, Useless, Gutless Leader in History!
By the way, President Obama’s actions helped save our country from the most severe recession since the Great Depression, which was caused by Republican deregulation and irresponsible management. How you like to forget.
Whoopie, build a freaking wall and save our country senator do nothing.
Coal. Right. #cleancoal, or that dirty black stuff?
YOU ARE NOT LISTENING TO THE VOTERS!!
Yeah progress. Good luck eating clean food. Good luck breathing clean air. All those dang restrictions keeping us safe were so cumbersome. Stick your #MAGA BS in you dirty pie hole @GOP
You probably haven't noticed It's been growing steadily since 2009, following the short sale debacle.  Three of the months in 2015 and 2016 haven't been topped by this administration.  You'll want to keep an eye on the stock market (Wall Street?)as well.
You are a really awful horrible person. #ImpeachTrump
Obama regulations kept us breathing clean air and drinking clean water.


Those regulations were protecting our health and planet.  There is no one I despise more than you
Yes, valuing the lives of American workers was holding back the profit margins of a dying industry. I hope before your final moments you're forced to confront the lives you've personally destroyed, Mitch.
Bill Clinton was impeached for a blow job. 

Trump has had unprotected vaginal sex with multiple women, including porn stars..paid them hush money, threatened bodily harm if they came forward, all while cheating on his 3rd wife. 

And GOP aren't batting an eye.
Easing regulations benefits your very wealthy friends who got wealthier with the tax law,
not the middle class or the poor. How do you live with yourself?
Nuclear option and get the @realDonaldTrump  agenda done!!!
Stop with the Obama push back and get current! How are we going to defend against Russian aggression/interference? It appears DT is in their pocket. What’s the plan to protect US on YOUR watch? What’s the plan for secure elections?When will you wake up?
Are you offering retaining now that ever one has an extra 1.50 a pay ck?  @tedlieu @RepSwalwell @SenSchumer
Great. More coal jobs. Save the worst job ever, don’t train anyone in renewable energy, give them a helmet some tools and hope they don’t get black lung because soon you will try and rip away their healthcare. Go Mitch

Since you mentioned ‘regulations’, are these ‘opportunity zones’ to benefit small farmers, or big conglomerates that help line your pockets?
Hear we go again with billboards.
Please use the simple majority rule you are not doing any favors for the Democrats they will never return the honor.EVER. And you know it, what is the hold up. Don’t give everyone that old we follow rules. It’s war or have you forgotten the abuse of the last 8 yrs.
Get your people descent jobs. Coal is on its way out!
When you lose thee Senate...all this goes away. Get on board with the President or step down.
#CrookedPolitician
GRATE JOB. GOOD YOU CHANGED THE RULES ON VOTING. SO NOW GET RID OF THE FILLIBUSTER ON OTHER LEGISTATION SO YOU CAN GET SOMTHING DONE
America is goiing to lose all this because you're trying to lose the Senate to the Dems so you can continue to profit off China. Stop trading America's success for your profits off China. Much anger in Republican ranks
YOUR SPENDING BILL IS DISGUSTING YOU AND RYAN NEED TO GROW A PAIR. YOU’re going down in flames in November
BS, mr. turtle!
More concerned with being able to poison the Earth than the traitors who are poisoning our democracy.
Wait till those Chinese tariffs kick in !
Trump is killing our democracy in our institutions and you're helping him disgraceful and shameful and treasonous
This man is a fraud! He hasn’t even considered budget bills from congress and worked deals with democrats to give them a tunnel, and screw Americans out of our Wall. Our safety means nothing to this old Swamp fool.
Trump toady.
Stop spending taxpayers money on crap!
Regulations save lives in so many ways. Your deregulation mania is just dangerous and obvious pandering to your corporate chums
What are you just a bunch of cowards!one with Chuck and Nancy it's time to get out-of-the-way
No regulation protects the country from greedy, dishonest or corrupt people behaving badly and impacting on everyone.

Why are you funding abortion and Obama era policies but not the wall and the American people! This is not what we voted for. You should change to the democrat party. You and Ryan both. Cowards or traitors??
They are both liars and traitors. We need and most vote them OUT.
Ur kinda close to last in economic growth so what have you done for your constituents lately? Like in ur whole tenure?
Omnibus.....no no no. R u nuts? $ tunnel, $ p.p. $ sanctuary cities. We want full funding for wall! Gop failing us. We need u out!!
What about the environment,What will the future generation inherited,pollution?Your in your last few days you don’t care about the environment.Coal mining causes cancer,burning coal causes air pollution.Farming with restriction creates a safer cleaner farming with less pollution
How many remember the last BILLIONAIRE DEREGULATER??
Yes Mitch roll back Obama regulations because the American public LOVES poison air and water. Thanks turtle.
Coal fossil fuel will be non existent. They starting not to believe you GOP.
Love that coal waste poison in our water...in our air.

Thanks Weasel Mitch.
"Clean coal" is an oxymoron. @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @VP @EnergyPress
You should quit stringing people along, from DACA to healthcare the only game you’re good at is kick-the-can #worthlessandweak #chinless #spineless #rethugslaststand
Please seek out better energy sources than the old, polluting coal industry. Obama was trying to preserve our earth for future generations and Trump is setting us back.
Support the American people and our President by firing mueller. #weknowyoustolemoney
