Will you allow a vote on the bill to #ProtectMueller and #ProtectRosenstein
another lie from a hypocrite.
We the people (remember us??) want a vote on protecting Mueller. We the people deserve the truth. Why don’t you bring it to the floor...what are you and the rest of the complicit GOP afraid of???? #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectDemocracy

Congress must pass legislation to protect Robert Mueller. This is critical! Trump will make a move very soon. This can’t happen. @SenateDems @SenateGOP #Nunescorrupt
When will the GOP "turn the page" on the current POTUS?  He is corrupt.  DO YOUR JOB.
Another tRump lackey who will work hard to screw the middle class just like ALL the GOP!
#ProtectMueller and #ProtectRosenstein OR YOU WILL BE THE ONE MAKING THIS A ONE-SIDED POLITICAL WEAPON!!!
Slowly catching on
Your turn to announce your retirement, Mitch.
How can you same the previous administration was one sided with the awful track record of this current corrupt @GOP? Pushing thru awful bills in the dead of night. Blocking appointment of a super qualified SC nominee in order to approve a minion.
You’re a bitter treasonous wee man.
Protect mueller! No more letting trump be trump. Enough! #IllegitimatePresident #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Retire Mitch world is woke you apparently are unable to comprehend that 
If we Trump voters don't see the WALL and laws change regarding immigration 2018 will be disastrous for GOP if we see progress we'll be at the polls strong You don't have to appropriate any money to change the laws #buildwallnow
You mean like you’re trying to remake the Supreme Court into a one sided political weapon
Did your parents teach U to continuously lie like that or did U choose to ignore your parents & lie because you’re just not a trust worthy person? Bipartisan to U = doing things ONLY the Republican Party way. Your hypocrisy is as deep as Dictator Trumps. Bad for U.S.
A one sided political weapon. That’s rich coming from you! Who blocked the SCOTUS nomination? Who won’t let senators speak on the floor #ShePersisted ? You are a hack, a stooge and a poisonous pol of the worst kind #Senate

There is no indication that Trump will fire Mueller except:

1. That time he ordered the White House counsel to fire Mueller…
Like the Republicans do all the time? The one sided deal?
WHEN are you going to publicly stand up against that Orange Blob? #NovemberIsComing
#ProtectMueller #protectMueller#protectMueller#protectMueller
We’re bored enough.

#slumberland
Since you are bringing up an ethical concern, what is your response to this?
We are mad at you and the House leadership for not squashing the Treasonus fake, illegal and now unconstitutional conspiracy being run by Dep DOJ Rosenstein against our sitting President. All players are conflicted and are endangering the very fabric of our justice system & laws!
You suck

When it's over, when the United States that you and I knew is dead, this guy -- this this dirty rotten son of a bitch right here -- will be the one most responsible. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/983846105594187776 …
Trumps mentor curiously has access to top secret codes.
You have to be kidding
#ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW #ProtectMuellerNOW
You are a one-sided political weapon incarnate!
YOUR TWITTER HANDLE SAYS LEADER...dividing people is not being a leader.
#ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein
Good thing, but took you too long to get it done.  Go nuclear and get all other nominees approved quickly so POTUS can govern our country.
not a ringing endorsement
GTFO with one sided politics weapon. We won’t forget Merrick Garland.
WHY ARE YOU BLOCKING PROTECTION OF MUELLER AND THE INVESTIGATION????
Did you actually say this with a straight face?
You ability to speak from both sides of your mouth is truly astounding.
Cause you never did anything partisan, ever. Right Mitch?  Right. #JusticeGarland #Thief
Protect Robert mueller
Doing the business of Donny the lying commi hypetcrit
You’ve used the word “bipartisan” more than once today. Was going to be surprised you knew the term, but then remembered: #NovemberApproacheth so of COURSE you’re pretending to know!
Another corporate lawyer appointed to the @NLRB. Trump has appointed 4 management lawyers and one rookie, not a single labor lawyer

This @POTUS and @SenateGOP continue to demonstrate their contempt for working Americans with their legitimate needs for opportunity and empowerment
Why not take your head out of your back end and do something to protect the country from the madman in the White House?
Hahaha I think he says anything he want its time we show him lesson

You choose to protect a traitor #ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein
.@SenateMajLdr that 66% of Trump's nominees are not confirmed as yet is inexcusable. Recess and let's move.
You are human garbage McConnell. Go fuck yourself.
Ummmmm.....your actions to keep President Obama from being able to appoint a Supreme Court Justice was YOUR effort to CREATE a one-sided political weapon. You have no interest in anything bi-partisan. Give me a break.

ALLOW THE VOTE TO #ProtectMueller!!! What are you hiding ?!?!?! Call this SOB’s office and DEMAND he allow a vote. What is turtle man McConnell hiding  (202) 224-2541
No one cares. #ProtectMueller #TURTLE boy #Kentucky
Good god, Ryan, Rubio, McConnel no wonder some people voted for Trump, Trump is the stress rest of our democracy
Ha ha fix your poor state, still in the 19th century nobody is more partisan than you
Fuck OFF, turtle no lips!
It was about time!
Still not enough!
Mueller must be fire!
Where is justice!
Attorney Client information are sacred!
We the people can not allowed the corruption to continue! 
Get your act together!
We are 100% for firing Mueller
lying terrorist fraud
The way you tried to have a full Supreme Court in a bipartisan way? Hypocrite! History will not be kind to you!
You are the most ruthless, corrupt, greedy, self-serving politician in DC, and I hope, with all of my heart that investigators are currently digging up dirt on your turtle-head, turkey-waddle a$$ as well,
What are you going do if trump fires Mueller?
As opposed to this administration’s efforts to remake it into a one-sided political weapon? Or just shut it down entirely?


The corruption has gone on long enough. What are you going to do about it?
Do you realize what is going on in country since Monday?
Retire already. Your treason is showing. #ProtectMueller
Was this another of your obstruction moves or is this one working on behalf of the American people?
As an #indievoter I appreciate any & all efforts for bipartisanship & the unifying of this country. To that end, a vote is needed on this bill immediately. #Country1st
Sens. @LindseyGrahamSC @SenThomTillis @ChrisCoons & @CoryBooker merge their two bills to make one to protect Mueller 
#ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein #TrumpRussia
Mitch- time to retire!
Bring the Protect Mueller vote to the floor.

Oh you mean they way you are trying to put all Republican judges in so it would be one sided?
Good! Keep going! Faster! Make every1 work 24/7 until staffing is complete...go nuclear! Go Parliamentary style! U have freak’n majority party! The Dems r obstructing bc of hate...period! Stop w/ the out dated gentlemanly procedures. Remember what thug Reid did! @realDonaldTrump
You mean the way you defied the Constitution and turned the Supreme Court into a one-sided political weapon by stealing a seat that belonged to a great nominee?
MAGA
Political weapons?  Like the Supreme Court and Merrick Garland?
How about bringing the bill to protect mueller?

But will you protect #TeamMueller ?     That is what is on the minds of We the People.
SENATOR MCCONNELL, LET IT BE KNOWN AMONGST ANYBODY WHO STILL LIKES YOU that YOU are blocking a vote to protect Mueller, you Russian enabling, Justice obstructing, economy killing, drug smuggling terrible, EVIL politician.
It’s your turn to go
You should talk about one sidedness 
Should have used the nuclear option and all Trump’s nominees would already be on the job! You are weak and feckless! A disgrace to yourself and the position you occupy! Mickey Miuse could do a better job! 
Hey Turtle...why don’t you think of someone other than your corporate sponsors for a change? #ProtectMueller
#ProtectMueller now
So you are trying to make it one sided pro employer?
The GOP continues its scorched earth policy to destroy America. Proud of that? 

You better learn to surf, because a blue wave is coming.
You're a GD tool! History will remember you as the biggest fcking ball-less leader ever. Why don't you do the right thing for the ENTIRE country instead of the fat ass you're kissing. YOU will be responsible for a Constitutional Crisis if 45 fires Mueller. And a riot.

Oh please your plan is to make a One-sided board all crooked Republican board
Enjoy Hell 
You are nothing more that a traitor if you do not support the bill to protect Mueller’s investigation. Nothing can save you and the GOP now. It’s solely a question of whether you love this country or not.
Actual footage of @SenateMajLdr hearing about Paul Ryan’s retirement.
You were apert of the prior administrations confirmation process. Stop pointing partisan fingers.
Protect Mueller or go down in history as a treasonous turtle #ProtectMueller 
A fuckin management lawyer. There is no Capital without labor you boob.
Should we hold off on considering any approvals until the voters speak in November?
We are closer to elections now than we were when you put the kibosh on Judge Garland's nomination to the SCOTUS.
You've already destroyed any bipartisanship in the Senate. That is your evil legacy
ENOUGH PARTISANSHIP. DON'T YOU GET IT YET?
When will you retire? You have been totally ineffective and divisive.
Like the Romans in Carthage, I plan to hunt down and salt the grave they bury your good for nothing ass in. A barren dead square of dirt will be your eternal home you wretched awful person you! Let’s get to it soon tho shall we...
They don’t call you Mr Bi-partisan for nothing, right?
The deficit is exploding. We would like your resignation IMMEDIATELY

What is your position on the president declaring war against Syria via a tweet? No comment there, huh? Seems like you were pretty concerned any time Obama did anything without your permission.
hey Mr Majority Leader if you want talk about "weaponizing" you invented it during the era of previous administration by not giving SC Justice nominee even a glance. Americans are not stupid, if you want to recall memories you may want to prepare for a ton
#ProtectMueller
You’re a disgrace. You need to follow @SpeakerRyan out the door.
arnt u #NEXT
Oh go sit down and shut up, you old fossil. You're one of the most despicable politicians ever. History will always record you as such.
When will you retire?
I’m sick of democrats walking unscathed. An American citizen would be behind bars for the things done in Washington. You fools dance around prosecution because your all corrupt & it’s you pat my back & I won’t tell on you!
We need a damn Civil War in this country. Sick of it!
See you on the front lines, right Mary?
Bipartisan AF. 
Impeach Rosenstein, please. Ask Sessions to step down, please. Thank you.
Grandma, can you get off AOL?  I need to use the phone
Ever heard of a man named

       RICHARD GRENELL

                  ?????
More bullshit from the far right.
retire like RYAN,RINO
You are the worst leader of the Senate ever! You have not lived up to your oath of office but hey you gave the super rich one heck of a tax break!!
Get all you can traitors it stops January 2019
Lying hypocrite...why don't you scurry away like Ryan
How about the rest of the nominees?? Get some work done and stop patting yourself on the back for doing your job!
Mitch McConnell who married into one of the richest family's in China cares nothing for the suffering people of this Nation. His main priority is to insure that his in-laws are protected from any and all tariffs imposed on Chinese goods. Dirty money from #China
Richest *cocaine trafficking* families
Thanks, was about to add the cocaine trafficking. Corrupt POS.
All the responses here from the pinhead bootlickers of Liberals are pointless. Your tweet on a confirmation is pointless. Exactly what does the Americans tax dollars pay you people for? I’m sick of millions spent on Russia Collusion which isn’t a damn crime.
How is Russia collusion not a crime? How many millions were spent investigating Benghazi? No crimes came from Benghazi, Mueller has already got confessions, indictments and convictions.
Mueller has absolutely NOTHING on COLLUSION PERIOD! The shit he does have , stems back 20 years ago and a paid prostitute.  Look up the law, there is no crime for collusion  but if you find it, post me back. It’s not about politicians anymore, it’s America & Mueller getting rich

Do the right thing. Allow a vote to #ProtectMueller and #ProtectRosenstein.
You love seeing Leader in your twitter handle. да, дорогой лидер?
Traitor!
You look as demented as I hoped you would with your stolen power, posting ridiculous lies to those few suckers still willing to suck it up. #LOCKYOUUP
Now that Ryan is gone, you are next. Support All of Trump agenda or resign
What's the agenda- being a fat fucking slob and getting all butt hurt about Cable news?  Eating yourself into a triple bypass?  Illiteracy?  Help me, I want to keep up with everyone
The Republican Party is in trouble
We adore how you continue to point fingers at the "previous administration." Meanwhile, your complete lack of backbone lets this one (ours!) debase America, weaken it abroad, and abdicate its moral authority! You're the best coward we have (left)!
Build the damn wall. Do a budget. Start acting like a governing body instead of go alongs. Get rid of filibuster
You are now the weaponizer.
One sided say the HYPOCRITE!!! FAH-Q!!!
It is one sided with RINOS like you at the top. Time for you to take a walk like Ryan is and get MAGA people in.
Steve, if you want to go back to 1987 so bad, buy a DeLorean, chuck some bananas into the tailpipe, and drive straight to hell
There was nothing wrong with 1987 it was the Obummer years that were a disaster and now we have to clean it up
Yeah, that whole complete recovery thing after Bush's administration assfucked our economy into smoking ruins sure was the pits.
No one gives a shit. Confirm judges. Confirm Richard Grennell.
Or Merrick Garland
That ship has sailed 
Yes, that offensive centrist nominee who nobody truly objected to and who people actually thought would be a reasonable SCOTUS member 
Like Republicans due.... Union Busting
Illegal immigration busted more Unions than the Republicans ever did!
You think so...... One's who hire them are Republicans
Are you saying all those Democrats who were appointed to different post and could not accept these post because they had illegal maids were really Republicans?
Look at the number more Republican have illegal immigrants workers are busted. You actually think Emperor Trump doesn't employ any.
You filthy Maggitt you are the swamp you and Juniper both are in on this together you go home every weekend leaving the country unstaffed you are a piece of dirt you are the swap no more career politicians
Surprised you could spell "bipartisan", Mitch.
That sounds EXACTLY what the #GOP and turtle boy Mitch is doing..creating one sided political weapons. ..starting with the SCOTUS.
I was thinking a politicalized FBI was more dangerous...
Google: "is (James Comey / Robert Mueller) a Republican"
What’s your point?
16 Republican Presidential Candidates & 2 former Republican Presidents all said Trump was not a Republican!
His fight against unfair trade & exploited illegal immigration labor proves that!
LOL "exploited illegal immigration labor", like he's fighting for immigrants
Read my bio.
Neat
Have you taken your nap today?
Resign !! You are worthless as a leader, I am sure with all the money secured from China you can leave rich. If you cared about getting anything done, you would get rid of the archaic rules. GOP Liars!!
Why wont you allow a vote to #ProtectMueller?
1 down! 2 to go! @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump
McConnell you are a disgrace.  I can’t wait to see you go down with trump.  Turtle face sycophant.
Typical leftist name calling response.
Typical hypocritical bullshit from a so called conservative.
You've helped destroy democratic norms. You're legacy will show that @SenateMajLdr
why is your face melting?
Nothing says bipartisan like blaming the President from 2 years ago for a problem it took you 16 months to solve with complete control of the government.
“Solve”
Eh, I obviously don't agree with his framing of the issue, but it's not even internally consistent, let alone agreeable to me.
You suck. #CorruptGOP #VoteThemOut2018 
You're going to look like the fucking idiot you really are when King Tangerine actually tried to fire Mueller
If you believe this, I got a railway labor act to sell you for Carnegie cash
How's your party's relationship with Russia these days? Rubles still flowing your way? #GOPComplicit #ComplicitGOP #StolenSeat
Anyone that thinks Russia has an effect on the outcome of the election is deluded!
Louis Farrakhan’s YouTube video “That’s a Wicked Woman” decided the election by convincing Blacks to stay home!
Watch!
COINCIDENCE?????? THE LAW FIRM SQUIRE PATTON & BOGGS WHERE MICHAEL COHEN (TRUMP'S LAWYER) HAD AN OFFICE .... WAIT.... YOU WON'T BELIEVE.... YES YOU WILL... WAS THE FIRM REPRESENTING CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS UP.
Go away
go nuclear on judges Mitch 

you are the Majority Leader overseeing the worst / slowest senate confirmations on record

the political history books will show your picture on a door mat
They will have McConnells face on toilets bc he helped TRUMP coverup treason
Resign, papaw.  You’re out of touch.
#ProtectMueller #ProtectRosenstein NOW!
I get a chuckle every time you use the word bipartisan
Please follow Paul Ryan's example, Retire! YOU old PUTZ!

I didn’t realize Trump ran as an Independent...
McConnell was shown proof the Russians were attacking the election to help TRUMP, and McConnell told Pres. Obama if he publicized this, he would claim it was partisan politics, then followed that by blocking Congressional attempts to make it public or investigate. Look it up.
You think it was the Russians that convinced Blacks to stay home?
I think it was Louis Farrakhan’s YouTube video, “That’s a Wicked Woman”!
Blacks didnt stay home
So you think they voted at the same rates that did for President Obama?
And its taken you a freaking year?
"Regulatory Capture"

Google it.
Right, because you are full of support for bipartisan efforts, right @SenateMajLdr?
You now want a war on the worker. 
Your picks are anti union-anti worker. 
They want to strip us to nothing!!

Stupid Turtle 
You are the problem. Resign already
...by remaking this bipartisan board into a one-sided political weapon.
Elections have consequences we learned that 9 1/2 years ago!
Mitch McConnell, champion of bipartisanship 

Is your plan to let Trump fire Mueller and then just stand by and watch him systematically remove the parts of our Democracy he doesn't like? Because that's what it looks like the plan is.
Oh but it was alright when President Obama was using the iRS & FBI as his Gestapo.
WHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUTWHATABOUT
