McConnell is a shameless liar!
#VoteBlue #GOPTaxScam #VoteThemOut2018 #BlueWave2018
Wanted to let u know if u don't protect Mueller which u have authority to do now, we will hit the streets in outrage and violence and you'll go down with the Russian traitors
Oh my goodness.  You're still trotting out the one person in America you could find who said they were happy for their extra 1.07 a month?

How long's it been now?  Since Christmas?
R U CONCERNED AT ALL that @realDonaldTrump @POTUS ignored Natl Security advisors not to engage Putin today.   Grow a spine Senator.  Any one of you?!!? It’s time to speak out publicly!
Yea thanks for that $1k. Paid half a mortgage payment for 1 month. Waiting on the rest
Omg--you two lie for a living. 

You have betrayed the United Stated with your corruption and protection of trump and putin.
Over and over again
OMG this is so degrading.  Using people to tout this horrible tax reform
MO know this. 'Corporate buybacks in the U.S. reached a record high in the first half of February, said Goldman Sachs' Neil Kearns. S&P 500 components are expected to beef up their repurchase programs by 23% to $650 billion in 2018, the brokerage estimates.' #GOPLies #GOPSpin
What scandals? Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan gets $4.6M raise
Mitch, you should go back to the 1/2 inch round mouth hold you exhibited for so long. We all just wonder how it got that way because the only thing that is 1/2" walking around congress are the other little boys like you?
Mitch, did you read CNN Money report? GOP Tax Reform (scam) is mostly "symbolic".  Most corporations doing stock buyouts.  Fraud!!
Keep dreaming! The GOP tax CUTS FOR WEALTHY adding to this huge NATIONAL DEBT!  Like buying a new house then quitting job. STUPID!
Are you a man? I think you lack the necessary equipment to be a man. You won’t say a word about Trump undermining the US in his talks and actions with Putin. You’re totally disgusting old Flapjaws and I’m sure you embarrass the people of Kentucky.
I agree
No it is not unless you are rich.
BS
Fake news
I live in Missouri & you’re not being truthful. I’m one of the majority that make under $75,000 a year. My tax cuts are so small they do almost nothing! And to think we will have a 2.5 trillion deficit for the rich (like you)to get huge tax cuts! I call BS!
Not in Maine
Also Mitch! I read tonight that YOU ARE THE MOST HATED POLITICIAN!!! I know that’s right! Asshole!
lining your pockets, while a self- proclaimed traitor sells our democracy. Ur name forever joined with his. There's ur legacy
Tax reform is wonderful IF you are a corporation, because it is a true ‘tax cut’ — IF you are a hardworking person it is a tiny temporary tax relief. In five short years they will have a tax increase. Corporate tax cuts are permanent. Change is coming. Midterms!
B as in S
In Senate make 51 the majority vote so GOP can pass President Trump's AGENDA! Sir it's being rumored that YOU are intentionally blocking the progress of the WALL, STOPPING DACA Dem gave up on this WHY? IS there a deal in the WORKS? I don't like the direction USA is going.
How about speaking up about what’s happening in the White House?
You are such a putz.
If only our majority leader wasn’t an evil miser of a turtle, maybe we’d see meaningful action that uplifts working and middle class citizens of #Missouri ... also you suck at hashtags Mitch.
Putin says, “Trump and the Republican Party are my wonderful puppets!”  Are you planning on working to stop the treason?
#CambridgeAnalytica  
Tax scam you mean.
Liars
Talk about an echo chamber...

More lies from Weasel Mitch.

Believes the GOP tax fairy
Turtle, love how you pick & choose which states come close to what you’re pushing. It’s all lies!!!
Keep trying Mitch
Well, that would be 1:50 so you're not hitting the best averages there
Do not let @realDonaldTrump fire Mueller.
Hahahaha lying hypetcrit
It’s not enough to make up for a sham election in the USA, home of democracy.
To everything, spin, spin, spin.
There is a reason to spin, spin, spin.
No to #GOP tax deformity!
Why do you always try and smooth things over instead of facing the facts and protecting 45 , Paul Ryan and yourself. How do you look in the mirror? That could be tough anyway!
#ShambolicGovernment Tax cuts = $2trillion deficit increase.
$1+t spent in Iraq rather than in USA.
A "dictator" who won a "sham election,"  why does that sound like a Donald Trump wet dream? O that's right you helped him & his Russian allies/your funders win, now we live with it
I live in Missouri. 

My employer didn’t expand benefits
nor did they issue a “special bonus”.  

My utilities are unchanged.  

Net take-home up $1.70 per day.  If I save that for 4 months I can buy one tire.

So yes, crumbs.
Umm but you are putting the country in deep debt because of your give away to the rich - that will not trickle down
How about a statement in support of the Constitution and the Special Counsel? #RegisterToVote #ImpeachTrump
Great.  GOP cutting $70 millions from education again so the wealthy few like you and @royblunt can afford a second pool boy.  All part of the GOPs master plan to turn MO into a 3rd world sh*thole (as Trump would say).
They want most of the country to be a $h1t hole, except their enclaves.
Since Jan 1, 582 companies have announced lay off of 134,325 workers. 1051 companies have announced closure of 7299 business locations. 37 Chapter 7 bankruptcies have been announced. As they say in Missouri, "Show Me"! #GOPTaxScam
For the wealthy and elite. Not for hard-working people. We're from Missouri. We'll believe it when you SHOW US how cuts to Medicare, and other social programs are worth the pennies it gives each regular American.  #Liars #morallybankrupt
Nope
When will you confirm over 100 appointees of President Trump? Shameful! If the GOP loses either House it will be because of you!


What does that one person think of the first time ever +$21 trillion national debt your super fabulous tax cut helped create?
The #GOPTaxScam is not "wonderful" in Missouri or anywhere else unless you have Inc. after your name. If you actually believe that garbage you're peddling, why does your buddy Roy keep avoiding us? Save your snake oil for some other sap. The Show Me state sees through you.
OMG, SHUT UP!
The only “tax reform” #Missouri and the #UnitedStates need is the @FairTaxOfficial and we need it #ASAP
Retire
The GOP is dying, thanks to your toadyism. You're no leader, Mitch.
Also from Pew, a striking shift towards Democratic self-identification among college educated whites: 

cc @RonBrownstein 

…
Check with the citizens of Kansas and Oklahoma and ask them how the GOP tax cuts have left their state budgets?
Toys R Us
How are their toys r us employees doing?
Listen to McCain regarding Trump. You were  elected to protect our democracy. Money is important but not more important than our democracy.
Go to Hell
Omg. My paycheck hasn't changed. Not one bit.
Liar
What do you day Mitch?

What she say about this article?  http://goldrushcam.com/sierrasuntimes/index.php/news/local-news/13061-cbo-february-2018-report-finds-rising-federal-budget-deficit …
So Mitch, how do you say “cash me outside” in Ukrainian?



If your tax plan is so good, why do you have to spend so much time promoting it? You should just take the money and run! Hurry, before it becomes apparent to a greater majority of Americans, how badly we've been ripped off. This feels like the #TARP heist under George W. Bush.
You scream tax reform haven’t heard much about the debt? Are we gonna file for bankruptcy the trump way?
McCain slams Trump for 'congratulating dictators on winning sham elections' Balls!!!! You none, zero, never had, nonexistence balls.

Time to put this old turtle into retirement for good!
It sucks in NY
Yo-Mitch. They are going to need it once your tax cut & the killing of banking regulations take effect and we spiral into another recession.  I suggest they save their extra $$ for the hard time that's coming.

If you fail to remember history, you are doomed to repeat it.
It will be repealed
Lol!!!!  Yes, we peasants are so grateful for the pittance while you and your cronies receive millions.  Maybe you should spend more energy on defending our democracy and dealing with Russian interference
Please stick to messing up your own state. @RoyBlunt does enough bad
"Wonderful" with air quotes. Way to convince people ya dope. You can't even convince yourself that tax bill was good for the middle class.
God will take care of Mitch. #BeStillAndWaitOnTheLord
Have you actually asked anyone in Missouri?
Oh he asked @RoyBlunt for sure. Probably @RepAnnWagner & @RepHartzler too. None of them see us, aside from staged photo-ops. Of course they are all benefiting from the #TaxScam. They are also #Traitors who are not standing up for rule of law. #CountryOverParty #ImpeachmentNow
Talk your shit in Kentucky @SenateMajLdr 

It's not that wonderful.  

It also shows how clearly that the @GOP has nothing left to offer.  A sinking ship that even the rats can't jump off fast enough.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
This from the WORST Senate Leader in modern history.
Have you had your nap today?
If it were so “wonderful” there would be no need for U to boast about it. The truth is that you’re a liar & a member of a corrupt party hell bent on destroying Obama’s accomplishments simply because of the color of his skin. Your exit from DC can’t come soon enough
I also choke up at the thought of Trump. And you, too.
Must be all those years of obstruction clotting my air passage. 
#MerrickGarland 
#HealthCareVoter
Do they know how to count in Missouri? Do the create the total the select what goes in it?

Hey Mitch 
WE DON’T CARE ABOUT ANYTHING EXCEPT FOR THE FACT WE HAVE NOT SEEN YOU PROTECTING MUELLER, WE HAVE NOT SEEN YOU CONDEMNING TRUMP FOR ATTACKING MUELLER, AND FOR LOOKING COMPLICIT BY PUTTING PARTY OVER COUNTRY. #ComplicitGOP
Tax scam is wonderful for the wealthy and corporations. Everyone else is left holding the bill .
#GOPTaxScam BS BS BS
I really like how wonderful is in quotation marks. Like “allegedly” tax reform is “wonderful”
Are you kidding me?
Lies. Nothing in Ohio.

Any comment on the Trump campaign illegally obtaining this data?
As wonderful as the day  YOU, PAUL RYAN AND EMPEROR TRUMP RESIGN ,IMPEACHED AND NOT RE ELECTED.
What is Congress doing to protect us from Cambridge Analytica and the Russian meddling in our elections and power grid? I don't get paid to brag about the work I did 2 months ago. Protect this nation. Do your job.
Not good here. 

Stupid Turtle 
F**king liar mcturtle.

Anywhere you are, Mitch, #taxreform has lined your pockets.

What kind of kompromat do the Russians have on you, Mitch?
None.He is just a greedy SOB.
$21 trillion in debt is some kind of wonder, I'll give you that. By the way, are you planning on defending our democracy anytime soon? Because that's your job.
People in homeless shelters, ER waiting rooms, food centers, unemploment lines, & living under brides don't think too highly of them



how can you support a Russian agent in the WH?
Disbarred Pamela still operates as lawmakers & lawyers Lady 1980 case @ChicagosMayor go in as live scan must read why she got disbarred in 1st place! @Pontifex volunteer all over Another Unlicensed ARA outlaw bill frauds from @USPS guilty of lots more than folks realize©®
Certainly is if one is wealthy! Take care if the middle class!
We just want our elected officials to have every luxury for themselves and their families. We don't think of ourselves.
Awesome! YOU'VE earned the boot!
She is probably a trumpeter so naive enough to believe she is getting something for nothing.  Go ahead and tell her the entire #taxscam will be paid for with reductions in Social Security and Medicare.  And for good measure with other gov programs that would help her.
My 80 yr old mother WILL HAVE TO PAY FOR THE FIRST TIME NEXT YEARS .. but congratulations on you making more!!  U SUCK
Time to focus on more pressing matters sir.

Our President is corrupt and inept and all you tweet about is that stupid tax cut for the WEALTHY.
All crumbs.  Less than 3% of workers are getting any bebefit while 100% of the already rich and big businesses got huge benefits.  You are nothing but a lapdog of the Koch Bros and NRA.  #VoteBlue2018 #GOPTraitors #GOPTreason
Will use tax cut for increased product costs due to new tariffs. Thanks GOP!
Liar

The amazing part here is your not the senator jackA$$ for MO. You're the senator for KY. What have you done for your state lately? Nothing and as such will see how hard the EU will hit exports of bourbon, because of our man child President @realDonaldTrump #VoteGOPOut
Who are YOU trying to fool? FOOL!
You have no shame....
Missouri? The place where its economy has been bankrupted by GOP policies for years (like every other red state?). Get lost Turtle

Report this propaganda to prevent the spread of fake news.  Report spam now!
Tax scam...
Stop bragging

Lying liar
Go back to bed!
Wonderful @SenateMajLdr
Bull !!

It's a #GOPTaxScam and we are going to repeal it as soon as possible.

My grandchildren aren't footing the bill for this unpaid for corporate welfare !
Ridding us all of the retarded Filibuster Rule would be EVEN BETTER !!!
Russia.



