By protecting Mueller the #senate can ensure the rule of law is still a priority for our democratic republic
Why was Russian embassy notified that mandated sanctions were not going to be implemented?
Thats a very good question. It doesn't seem like SOP, does it?
Nope!,
We have all seen the results of those who have Trump's "full confidence"; they often end up either being fired, under investigation, indicted, or convicted and sentenced.  While those who do seek to uphold the rule of law are unprotected or worse. #ShameOnYou
he isn`t qualified
By confirming that you value your job in the Senate more than you value the Constitution you have shown us that you are a fucking asshole.
You're a vile human. What's Russia got on you @SenateMajLdr?
A lot!!!!
I think so too!
We don’t trust @POTUS or you!!  Resign!!
Btw.... retire.
hahahahaha
Get off your butts & vote him in now... never seen a Republican Senate being so inept & gutless If the gutless R's lose 1 or both houses in November you will never be in power again & we'll become a 1 party hell hole like Venezuela
The people have asked one thing from the Republicans they elected to do what they said they would do. If they did that they would have found they would bot be in the mess they are in now.
100% agree gutless or corrupt the 2 choices
PROTECT MUELLER
STOP OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE
HEAR THE BILL
STOP OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE
PROTECT MUELLER
How about no.
another MAGA who doesn't care about America
You know who else had the complete confidence of POTUS? Michael Flynn. AG Sessions. Rob Porter. Rex Tillerson. Marc Kasowitz, John Dowd, Michael Cohen. H.R. McMaster. David Shulkin. Tom Price. Omarosa Manigault-Newman. I could go on, but here’s a list:
You are so disgraced, everything you say now is just white noise.
Over 30,000 deaths per year in the United States over the simple fact that people can't afford their healthcare or prescriptions?

And no politician says a word? Why? 

Our politicians recieve federal healthcare paid for by the tax payers?? No urgency?
I have no confidence in POTUS, so I don’t care what he thinks. Better to have a SoS who congress agrees is competent! Stop kowtowing to the Don and act as a coequal part of government!
America will not forgive or forget your blatant abuse of power. You have undermined Congressional processes, you’ve hindered progress for nearly a decade pushing an agenda that benefits few. What will it take for you to put country before party?
Who is pulling the strings .. 
Putin and Trump pulling Mitch's?  
Or Putin and Mitch pulling Trump's?

Hard to know ... so much crooked plus this .. the GOP is willing to drag a decent human being through the mud for a pu$$y grabbing draft dodger
The U.S. health care system has been rated the worst (by far) among high-income nations
Why aren't you confirming judicial nominees and others like Reed did when he was the leader? Goes to show your ineptitude as a LEADER!!
Step down Mitch, Ride out with Ryan
@SenateGOP
Good morning Mitch, fuck you too.
beat me to it.
What a joke sir and we don't want someone who has Potus' confidence.  We don't trust our #liarinchief or you sir.  What a shame!
How about a Sec of State who enjoys the confidence of the people and the Senate, rather than one who is obsequious to Trump?
And one who isn't a bigot. And one who doesn't support torture.
"Complete confidence" seems to have a short shelf life in this administration...
Well, Mitch, if Pompeo has the "complete confidence" of tRump, then Pompeo can't be trusted. tRump has evidenced time and again how shitty his picks to "lead" our country are. We  DO NOT need one more shitty tRump pick fucking our country.
"Complete confidence of @POTUS"...That ain't such a good thing, methinks.
Still waiting on you to show leadership. It’s a shame that Schumer went nuclear to get Obama’s nominees through, yet hundreds of Trump nominees are still in limbo. National security rests solely in your hands.
So ridiculous he was confirmed once already and going through this bashing is horrible & a waste of time & money. Our Country needs him fully approved! @GOP Get it done, NOW! All the rest waiting TOO! Not working to staff our President is a GOP failure! We are paying ATTENTION!
#QAnon 

#ComeyMemos

#ThursdayThoughts 

#TrumpTrain 

#DeepState 

#DrainTheSwamp 

#MAGA

#KAG
"@realDonaldTrump:  James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?"
Trump is a crook.  Just thought you should know!
Anybody that has the complete confidence of Trump is , by definition, unqualified.

Protect Mueller, brah
Can we get an idea of how many months before he's fired? Are we thinking this is a 6 month deal or could it go 12?
He got confirmed as the CIA Director. This ridiculous grandstanding shows how dysfunctional Congress really is. How we need term limits to reduce the level of institutional idiocy!
You corrupt old ball sack. Go towards the light.
Wow, most of these replies sound angry at you. Do you even try to represent the public, or just your donors?
#FuckYou #FuckMikePompeo
Why should we believe anything you say after your behavior with prior administration?   You have no credibility. No integrity.
Complete confidence of Trump should be a HUGE red flag.
Merrick F'ing Garland. As far as I'm concerned @TheDemocrats should not yield an inch on anything.
Is this true?
"During the 2015-2016 election season, Ukrainian-born billionaire Leonard "Len" Blavatnik contributed $6.35 million to leading Republican candidates and incumbent senators. Mitch McConnell was the top recipient..." 2/2
https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns …
We don’t need another bobble head doll yes man like Pence.  One guy giving Trump DREAMY EYES is enough.  S of S works for everyone.... not just Trump, GET IT MITCH??
"enjoys the complete confidence @POTUS"  is the problem. The majority of the American people do not have complete confidence in @realDonaldTrump and neither should you.
The #SilentMajority #Elected #PresidentTrump and will again! #BestPresidentEver #Trump2020 #MAGA #KAG #ConfirmPompeo #GoNuclear on all confirmations!
You’re just a puppet being used by #PutinsPuppet  Protect Mueller from being fired because it’s the right thing to do. #ComplicitGOP  This is why there will be no GOP majority, again.
yea... until next month.. #TheResistance

Please Don’t vote for Pompeo - Schumer, McClaskey, Manchin and any other Democrats - don’t stick us with another bad choice like Pruitt, Devos, Mnuchin , Zinke
Thank you @SenateMajLdr for Gorsuch, for rejecting the Mueller bill, and for supporting Mike Pompeo.  
You have zero credibility after stealing a SCOTUS seat, you Kremlin funded traitor.
All @potus trust is fleeting. Are you blind?
How do you sleep at night?
He sticks his head back in his shell.
You need to fix daca by taking this runaway judicial branch out of the equation!!!! #BUILDTHEWALL
Yes...and it's keeping with your efforts of dragging your Party backward in 
pretending to Make America Grate Again (which it sure is doing to most people I know). Mike Pompeo is at least 100 yrs. behind the times. His views are archaic and out of touch but then...so are you.
Having the complete confidence of @POTUS, a man who happens to be a raving nutter, is not exactly a vote of confidence for the American people....
And a war to boot. Way to go Republicans!
I don't believe a thing you say.  You are corrupt and complicit in the destruction of our country.  #Resign
You can ensure corruption. #resign
If Trump has confidence in him ,,, we don't want him ,,, please retire.
You're too old and too predigest to make a rash judgment. Get out not and save face , or history will not favor you kindly.
zip it
If #TraitorTrump and #TraitorMcConnell approve, DO NOT vote him in!!
A serious lack of selfawareness that he even tries.
no to pompeo
Traitor.
there are only 3 reasons why you wouldn't allow a vote on a bill to protect Mueller since there is an override veto 1) you're complicit 2) You and @speakerRyan plan to impeach him if when he fires Mueller 3) you plan to reinstate Mueller after he's fired



Pompeo seems all too willing to be trump's water boy. When are you going to notice/address the corruption?
I just confirmed this w/the Philippine Embassy: the embassy will hold its June 12 Independence Day party at...@realdonaldtrump's hotel. That comes after Trump has praised Duterte, and vice versa. https://twitter.com/Z_Everson/status/986975514568151040 …
.@SenMajLdr selling the country out one appointment at a time.
Resign.
Pompeo lied about serving in Gulf War.
Pompeo lied about fighting in the Gulf War.  What else has he lied about. You and the GOP are a disgrace.  I can't wait to see you indicted for treason.
Infamous as the “congressman from Koch”, Pompeo is the top all-time recipient of Koch Industries campaign contributions; he accepted nearly $1.5m from the fossil fuel companies between 2009 and 2017.
Why should any Democrat vote for ANY of your nominees?? Do you not remember Merrick Garland???? We will NEVER FORGET.
I'm still a NO on POMPEO!

Mike Pompeo is NOT a diplomat! He’s Trump’s yes man!His public remarks about Muslims clearly show him to be racist! Pompeo has already revealed his anti diplomacy agenda!
Yes!! Get it done!! USA!!
Approve him you fools
If remove senator Rand Paul from the senate foreign relation committee do everything can to make sure lose your majority this fall and I will do everything can help defeat in 2020 and make this last term senate. Your rino and need to go!!!
You are the worst Majority Leader I’ve ever seen and I’m a veteran and History Teacher. You stand up for no principle whatsoever and will do whatever the POTUS says as long as he’s a Republican. My Dog could be Republican and you’d support him.
We can't trust anything @realDonaldTrump says, subsequently all the people he wants to appoint, seem suspect as well. How you can have any confidence in a man that lies, as easily as he breathes seems, kind of crazy. You're selling your party out.
He’s a good man. No reason on Earth not to confirm him.
MR. McConnel:  STOP ALREADY GIVING SUPPORT AND PROTECTING TRUMP WHEN YOU KNOWS THAT HE SOLD OURS COUNTRY TO THE RUSSIANS AND WANT TO IMPLEMENT IN USA A FOURTH NAZIS REICH.  AND YOUR GOP WILL DISAPPEAR AND WILL BE DESTROYED.
What the hell is the hold up?? I thought the Republicans controlled the Senate and the House. How bout you doing what the taxpayers of Kentucky sent you up there too do your job!! For a change
So infuriating this has to stop and all the nominations still pending need to be confirmed as well. Enough already!!!!
Force the vote immediately!! Go nuclear if need be!!
Yes! Go nuclear!It will be cool when the Democrats take back the senate
And just use the nuclear option on everything too.
First Democrats have to win the Senate, second Trump would veto the Democrats garbage if they do take the Senate!!
Congress is meant to be a check & balance on the Executive branch! Not. A. Rubber. Stamp.
Merrick. Garland.
A little desperate there Grandma Mitch?  Now you see what it’s like when you need votes.
You should resign as majority leader as you have a conflict of interest with your wife as a Trump cabinet member.
You have completely sold your soul to the devil. Congress is suppose to be a co-equal branch. Not a spineless one. #VoteMitchOut
you and him
Are you kidding?! The Orange Menace has confidence in no one but his arrogant narcissistic self!
Fuck you Mitch! According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the federal government will run out of money even sooner than expected, thanks to the new tax legislation, which is estimated to lead to a fall in revenue of $136 billion in 2018.
His views on LGBTQ people, American Muslims, and women's reproductive rights are abhorrent. He does not represent American values of equality and freedom. He should not be representing us around the world.

Sen McConnell is complaining about his inability to muster sufficient votes from his own party to get Sec’y of State nominee Pompeo a favorable Committee vote, saying it’s an example of confirmation issues caused by Dems. Two words: Merrick Garland.
C.R.O.O.K.E.D. and M.O.R.E. C.R.O.O.K.E.D.
But not the confidence of the Senate who must confirm him.  We don't need a yes man as secretary of state. Manafort, Papadopoulos, Gates & Cohen had his confidence too.  Roger Stone, Felix Sater etc don't inspire confidence.
REPUBLICANS BETTER GET THEIR ACTS TOGETHER AND GET POTUS’ CABINET CONFIRMED!!
Those who claim to represent the people of Kentucky and have sworn an oath to defend the Constitution should allow the Special Counsel Protection bill brought up for a vote. And should have brought the confirmation of Merrick Garland up for a vote.
You will go down in history as one of the worst politicians ever.
If he has the confidence of the immoral liar in the WH it is a big no.
You're complicit in this shit show.
Your wife gets a cushy job in this administration, and you do nothing to uphold the laws of our country. I see no indication that you are a leader. #ProtectMueller
You are doing a lot of tweeting now a days. What is your real agenda? 
Translation: There's no telling what the Moron-in-Chief will do. If we don't confirm this knucklehead, just think how much worse the next guy will be. Also, if U.S. diplomacy suffers because you refuse to approve historically awful nominees, it'll be your fault.
you asshat .... 80% of the Democrats voting against him say its because he won't declare Global Warming his top priority to fix ...... we have never seen a Senate majority leader as cowardly as you in my lifetime
You post this with a straight face?



We need #GunReformNow
.@SenateMajLdr #Pompeo may have @POTUS' Confidence but d American People doesn’t have confidence that Diplomacy is his goal! Not voicing that "POTUS is not above d law" & long held views on human rights & regime-change disqualify him as America’s Chief Diplomat! @SenSchumer
You were elected to serve your constituents, not the @potus.  Congress is a separate branch than the executive branch. You seemed to have forgotten that the last 16 months.
Aren't you tired of talking bullsht? America is sick of 45 and McConnell..thank goodness Ryan is smart enough to get out before it all comes crumbling down. 45 poisons every one abs thing he touches  #iamwithher
The complete confidence of @POTUS until he fires him  yeah you got a winner ???? there -Do you people GOP have no integrity?????????????  Guess not!!!!!!!!!
Get it done.  Pompio
McCain let us all down by voting against repealing Obamacare. Now he is too sick to vote for Pompeo. With all due respect, isn’t it time for Senator McCain to step aside!?
NO to #Pompeo!!
YES to bill to #ProtectMueller!!

Easy.
Sad how the democrats are doing everything they can to destroy this country by refusing to support the president.  Republicans need to stand up!
LETS VOTE FOR CRAMPS TO LEAVE AND HIS KOREAN WIFEY
Your disgusting
Do you all even have a clue what your constituents want? #startworkingforthepeopleagain


Our new GOP

HE LIED ABOUT WARS HE FOUGHT
We need a Sec of State with a strong belief in negotiation over armed conflict and one willing to disagree with DJT when he makes irrational judgments not one that is a hawk and cow tows to DJT.
He will fall out of favor soon, just like the rest.
تانل فخطر
Go nucleara

In Wis we either do our jobs or get fired.  The Senate needs to work 7 days a week until every one of Trump’s nominees is confirmed.  No vacations until your jobs are done.
Get the nominated people in their http://positions.No  vacation until that is done.What are you afraid of.
A lying POS is what Republicans want to be surrounded by...
When you can’t muster enough votes within your own party that hold the majority..it’s not the Dem’s fault..it’s called losing..you obstructed obama for 8 years so Karma is giving you a dose of boo f’n hoo
No. The people need someone who has proven, unwavering support from their peers, and have proven that they will uphold their position to protect and serve the Constitution and laws of this country, as well as the citizen constituents that both are created to represent.
Then GET IT DONE! DO NOT CLOSE SESSION & LET SENATORS GO HOME UNTIL IT'S DONE! And blow up the Dem filibuster - not in Constitution & Speaker Nancy will do it as soon as @GOP blocks what Dems want to do!
Nope. #MerrickGarland
You don’t have enough votes. Ever hear of a guy named Merrick Garland?
You look like a turtle 
Merrick Garland
Pompeo like McConnell is an enemy to the American people. Those who hate America  like Mitch and Tom Cotton support Pompeo.
N Korea did get into the border & into WNY since 2014 and wanted "in on meeting with BUSHS here" and questioning Staff Agents...as indicated as I drove by and had prayed.
Mitch, you make me want to gag.
ANYONE THE TURTLE MAN LIKES,WE DON'T WANT!!!
Pompeo lied to congress, Pompeo went to N. Korea with no mandate. Pompeo is a criminal.
Sir, it looks as if the Senate Democrats are not going to confirm Pompeo. This is wrong. This man just got a meeting to happen with POTUS and Kim Jon June. Do what you have to as the Leader of the Senate and get Pompeo confirmed. America needs him. Thank you.
You guys need to stay on the job until Pomeo and others are confirmed

You sir, are the lowest form of life. I hope you die painfully
Sir, please end the Filibuster so we can get not only the SOS approved, but all of @realDonaldTrump’s Court nominees approved. @GrahamBlog famously said “Elections have consequences,” but the Stalinist-Dems don’t play by the same rules. Time to #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA!
I think we should do what it says in @SenateMajLdr "Let's Wait Until This Guy Is No Longer POTUS And We Have A New Dem POTUS & A Majority In Both Houses Who Will Vote In Only Our Noms" Playbook.

Case study:  Merrick Garland

Your career is toast, MC.  Brush up on prison slang.
@SenateMajLdr needs to resign. He just a dried up apple head.
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Keep kissing that Trump butt.
30 hours for each nomination are you kidding us....keep Congress in session 5 days a week (no recess) till they are all confirmed 200 X 30 = Bullshit ....be our leader LEAD
A great American.
Please move his confirmation forward ASAP.
No one goes home until all of POTUS nominations are confirmed.
U only tweet when your Dictator Trump tweets. It’s so clear U & your fellow white supremacists want to control the U.S. & stop all progress dead in its tracks. You’re old & your ways of thinking have been proven corrupt & evil. U.S. will be better off when U R out of office
Because the @GOP  thinks someone who approved illegal torture in the past, is probably the representation on America today. #TortureIsCrime @RepDavid @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain
You should be thinking about making our country safe instead of pleasing @POTUS.
just like the previous one?
How many days before Trump kicks this one out
Let's get everyone on hold through!! This is ridiculous.  The President needs his staff!!
Bla bla bla.... I wish @ChuckGrassley was MajLdr... at least he has a spine.
G Morning !  Leader McConnell .  You are so correct on Mike Pompeo .  His talents and wisdom are greatly appreciated .  US is so grateful I having these gifts .  Including YOU too !  We shall rise up in his Glory . God is manifesting himself 
Smartest thing you have said lately Mitch! We want Pompeo voted in as a real Secretary of State! Someone who can stand up to Kim Un Jong & other dictators! Not sell us out for money for their foundation!
