Leader McConnell, it's time to stop playing nice with Schumer. Invoke the Nuclear Option and start getting BILLS PASSED. A majority is valid everywhere else! 

#NuclearOption
Make America White Again! Trump is a Russian agent. Zack, Nuclear weapons cause Nuclear Fallout. Yes, pass the #Nuclearoption just in time for the Democrats to take control. Great idea dude!
The DEMs already used the nuclear option when they were in control. We need to get stuff done and all the resist bots are slowing progress. Time to fix it. 

Oh, and Keep your racist accusations to yourself, it’s all BS hype. And your punk ass would never say that to my face.
I'm a Vet too. West Point, '83. Field Artillery Captain. Gulf War veteran. I was a Reagan Republican. Listen to some of his speeches. Republicans have moved so far to the right that now I stand more left than center. Yet, I haven't changed my basic values.
Roy Moore for Senate.  Bring your young daughters.
Congress needs to get behind our President & his agenda or you will all be voted out! 39% of his nominees for positions have not been approved. Approve them NOW! End Mueller witchhunt NOW!
No, you're not. We get it. You lie. You assume you think Americans don't know? Maybe there is funding for a private airport for every Senator to fly above Americans to their private estate. That's it.
Trump has repeatedly said he’s considering firing #Mueller yet you refuse to enact legislation to protect his job! Why is that? This IS happening whether u like it or not. The American ppl deserve justice. Do you really want to be on the wrong side of history!?!
Hey, Mitch! You wouldn't let @BarackObama go forward on rebuilding America's #infrastructure, but not that you have a Republican @POTUS, you think it's a fine idea. You are a traitor to our nation. You are an incompetent boob out to destroy the USA! 

Stop it, fool! #RacistTurtle
Since Congress won’t change, WE must change Congress. We, the People can do this in November. How dare the GOP NOT give President Obama’s nominee for the Supreme Court, a fair shot? You traitors must go. #BLUEWAVE #Tsunami # VOTETHEMOUT #BANASSAULTWEAPONS
THAT WAS OVER A YEAR AGO.....GET OVER IT!!!
Then why do you oppose him at almost every turn?  Get on the Trump train!
#Trump isn't #DrainingTheSwamp. He is adding more gators. Compromise and finding common ground is the foundation of this country. Why do you support the #draftdodging, #cowardly, #adultering, #lyingbastard in the #WhiteHouse. #ethics and #morals don't count for you?
The Republican leadership has been deafeningly & shamefully silent on tRump’s actions re: Russia. AND they used Devin Nunes as a mole, shill & spy for Pres. TRump. We, the People will NOT forget...this November. #STORMY #BLUEWAVE #VOTETHEMOUT #BANASSAULTWEAPONS

The never ending saga of a criminal republican president, his crooked family, his seedy porn stars, his shady friends and his two bit lawyer.
Then why are you sabotaging by making him out to look like an ahole with omnibus bill. I HOPE he’s got the legal ability to help himself to any and all the funds he needs to address ALL of his campaign promises! Not your promises. HIS promises
Americans are being fleeced by the Healthcare Ins and Pharmisutical Companies as they enjoy record profits and tripling stock market evaluations. Aetna and CVS major mergers, Cigna charging more as well as many other Insurance with little or no oversight. The GOP failed Americans
Doesn't seem like it.  It seems the that @realDonaldTrump personal life from the past is bogging down his Admin.  Maybe he should have kept his pants zipped! #TrumpUnfitToLeadUS
And without any help from you!  Time to retire Sir.
Rick Gates.
With the many "infrastructure" weeks we have had with this administration, I have yet to see anything accomplished
How you gonna pay for it after that massive tax cut for the rich?
Are you onboard with the trump administration’s plans to privatize the Veterans Administration?
Mitch you are an embarrassment to the Republican Party.  People like you are the reason I still identify as Independent vs Republican
Why don’t you quit talking about #infrastructure and actually do something about it? You spent a lot of $$$ on your corporate welfare that you call Tax Reform. Our turn!
Infrastructure -HOW?? When Trump ROBS OUR ARMED FORCES to build his IDIOTIC WALL??   83% of TAX BREAKS funneled Neatly Back to t/ RICHEST 1%. 
You're WAY  OUT OF MONEY MITCH. Come for our Soc Security, Medicare & Medicaid-to cover your WASTE---and WE WILL SEE YOU OUT OF OFFICE!!
No private ownership of critical infrastructure and no foreign company builders 4 security reasons.  Private/public ownership ok at State/local level, but not at federal level.   That's what taxes are supposed to pay for.   How are u intending to fund this?  We are already broke.
Gimme a break! He just started a trade war which drives up the cost of materials you bloody FOOLS!
Please pass the Great America Agenda now End visa lottery end chain migration enact citizen photo vid arrest Clinton Soros

Get’em done .  Mitch what’s your plan?
Do something about your jowls please
Wish you had President Trump's back. 
Does his infrastructure plan include building a big rack on the next porn star he sees? #StormyDaniels #FreeMelania
You are a yes man and another puppet. Does @realDonaldTrump lube up his hand and arm before he sticks it up your ass so you can speak?
Hahaha!!
Do your Chinese Handlers approve? #SecretEmpires
approve this
You @SenateMajLdr talking abt #infrastructure - R U Joking? U have been #KY Senator for 22 yrs. AND Ur ppl get drinking water from their swimming pools? That's OK w YOU? #WeareKY @GovMattBevin #SAD https://twitter.com/CNN/status/980444717883232257 … ^@CNN @jeffzeleny @JakeTapper
"We're just scared of the water..." Welcome to Martin County, Kentucky, where the tap water smells like diesel fuel and some residents are convinced it's causing cancer https://cnn.it/2pXbAyP  
Remember that Kentuckians voted for Trump and for 8 years were upset about Obama wanting them to have clean water #NoSympathy
Help him build the wall...use one of the prototypes he looked at...what are you doing there in DC?  You need to help him as much as you can...AND CUT USELESS SPENDING
Hey McConell, Ryan and the rest of you Rino's must retire and let REAL Conservatives in your place.  Stop obstructing President Trump.  MAGA!
With what $$? How much debt is too much? Tax cut for the wealthy was poor leadership in action.
You sold out the country
Good luck considering all the money you gave away with tax breaks for the rich. You passed the largest spending bill in history without even reading it. #Republican #TermLimits #pork
Too bad you gave all the money away to the wealthy and corporations. #GOPTaxScam
Seriously!  You have done nothing except increase spending on nonsense!  If you truly believed I President Trumps agenda you wouldn’t have given into the 1.3 trillion budget full of wants and not needs!
#DitchMitch
Mitch we need you to work harder in pushing President Trump's agenda.
Its called checks and balances this is not a dictatorship only 26% of registered voters voted for him 46% stayed home the majority of this country does NOT support his agenda including the wall and re-polluting the environment
!
FUNNY HOW the @GOP left out funding for the WALL and immigration reform from your plans - the @SenateGOP should be ashamed of themselves & I am praying this Easter that you all recognize you have FAILED people who voted for you! WE WILL NOT FORGET!!! #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Kentucky
By the way, enjoy your waning days in the Senate as Majority Leader accomplishing absolutely nothing until November. #BlueTsunami2018 !
Hilarious! Here's your blue tsunami..

annual deficits as a share of US economy:

Obama’s second term 
4.1%, 2.8%, 2.4%, 3.2%…

Huh?????
That’s why you blocked infrastructure and transportation bills for the last 6 years.
Yes, but that was when a socialist was in power. The hypocrisy,dysfunction , and dismantling of America under this administration and the Republican Congress is unbelievable.

Was in infrastructure Tuesday again?
#BananaRepublikans
#sychophants
#TrumpParty
#KochPuppets
#GOPCorruption
#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
#SwampingTheDrain
#EmolumentsClause
#ObstructionOfJustice
#TrumpKushnerCrimeFamilies
#ItsMuellerTime
#Impeach
#Resist
#In221days
#BlueWave2018
Tell Trump to use the money he plans to take from the military to upgrade our infrastructure instead of building that stupid wall. That's where you should have put the $ in the budget to begin with. Stop letting the inmates run the asylum and start working for your constituents.
When are you going to really support our border security?
Not really a workable plan, now is it?
Ban assault style weapons, address education, healthcare, DACA. Mitch, you might want to take a look at your state and the ignorant governor @MattBevin who’s destroying education.
Crook!!
Then start doing your part and support @Potus.
 Then CONFIRM all @realDonaldTrump's nominees. 
He now has leverage when he sequestered your #OmnibusBill funds.

#confirmgrenell
Vote him out as he is undermining our President and country.
“Leader”.  That’s funny.
You have harmed Republicans with not approving all those house bills and President Trump appointees!  Remove or seriously reduce to 1 hour the filibuster.
And they'll get on it, as soon as the 2018-2020-2022-2024 election cycle.
TERM LIMITS   TERM LIMITS   TERM LIMITS    TERM LIMITS!
"Leader McConnell". Perfect example of an oxymoron.  It oughta be illegal to use those two words together in one sentence.
Of course by rebuilding infrastructure you mean destroying the infrastructure of democracy and replacing it with a dystopian nightmare.
GO NUCLEAR or GO HOME, McConnell.  You're given $$$ to OBSTRUCT and appease special interest. Can't take it with you!
Continuing? Really?
Liar
You are all complicit in Trumps treason, I would like to know what he has over all of you to make you bow and scrape.  You all do realize you will not be re-elected, is that why you are so determined to destroy our institutions and democracy.
American farm groups plead with Trump to back away from a trade conflict with China
Leader ?
How are you goning to pay fot this when you gave away trillions in tax cuts? The coffers are empty.
Spoken like a true #DEMOCRAT 

#Hypocrites always become what they #Hate.
LOL. Sounds like another GOP shot at massively increasing the national debt.
How about the March and some gun control?  What about Stormy and @POTUS other mistresses.  I ashamed he is our President!
The number one project should be the Wall. Both of you plus Ryan betrayed U S in major way in Omnibus. Do you not know that immigration won WH and congress ? Do u not know u will lose them all if u don’t protect our open S border which is our biggest enemy?
No military family wants or supports a privatized VA where corporate interests are eyeing the bottom line. Privatization equals the least amount of care for the highest price. Our servicemen/women & their families deserve the very best care our country can give them.
Trump's plan is vaporware that actually cuts federal spending and shifts burden on to states and localities with magical thinking that private sector will suddenly spend.
Regulations aren't killing jobs. But repealing and blocking environmental and health and safety regs costs lives.
I suggest we also build bridges that connect disfranchised constituents & Congress. This is the future & it's coming at ya! http://eRepublicUSA.com 
Think WATER
Funny, you didn't think it was a good idea the many times Obama tried to do it.
#DitchMitch
WTF is the money coming from? Certainly not from higher corporate taxes.
@POTUS @FLOTUS @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump @LaraLeaTrump @TiffanyATrump @jaredkushner @IvankaTrump @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump
So why isn’t it done then? Just like the wall isn’t being built you will do nothing for infrastructure !
Right McConnell-you peons in Congress haven’t backed the president on squat-you’ll find a way to screw this up too because neither party represents the PEOPLE of our great nation...if Dems don’t manipulate y’all, we’re confident the Rep will screw it all up on their own!
You have betrayed the American people, along with @RandPaul you both betrayed @realDonaldTrump and his http://team.You  don’t care what the people voted for, no wall, but another 500Mil for Planned Parenthood.
Know what infrastructure needs? Money. Know what you vehemently rejected? Money. Maybe that tax cut wasn't so smart after all. The corporations need roads and power lines and internet just like everyone else.
About time!
It is doubtful that anything will happen (given that you are "rebuilding" something rather than lining your pockets) and that "work" and money will be required (given that you do not work and have given all the money away in tax breaks to the rich).
Who in the hell can believe anything you say. You sold us out - “We The Forgotten People” and POTUS. There are inadequate words to express our anger for your deception!!
Ya, and you and Cruz have been holding up our Sandy Aid to build a new Tunnel under Hudson River for over 
THREE YEARS.

Fund the Gateway Tunnel!
@SenateMajLdr : You need to grow a Pair and drop your image of the Senate and go to the Nuke Option of 51 votes. Get it done, and do not give me this in due order crap. You can always go back to 60 after you get the real work done.
How much did you have to do with last nights KGA rape of the pension system, you malignant maggot tumor?   It reeks of the kind of knife in the back, win at any cost asshole tactics your famous for.

You're really missing it - the MOST important #Infrastructure of all is to PROTECT OUR #BORDER

You've failed #WeThePeople who elected @realDonaldTrump by not providing FULL & COMPLETE funding

Remember what happened when #Hutchison was there? 700mi "funded"/ never appropriated
You’re part of the problem Mitch!  Drain the Swamp! 
Too bad that you don't have that $1.3 TRILLION you gave to the rich to pay for it, you slimy POS.

Stick your head back in your pouch turtleneck.
Then maybe he shouldn't have given those who could contribute the most a giant tax break?
https://indianasenatedemocrats.org/young-rural-doctor-shortage-becomes-glaring-concern/ …    Immigration Policy to receive DOCTORS SHORTAGE. Prioritize or fast track green cards for US trained doctors who serve 5 years in Medically UNDERSERVED areas or VA hospitals.
Vague tweets from McConnell are one of my favorite Infrastructure Week traditions.

#Bergoglio denies Jesus Christ and His Truth 

https://conoscererendeliberi.wordpress.com/2016/09/16/il-concetto-di-verita-secondo-papa-francesco/ …
Where is the money coming from
Isn't our gas tax supposed to go to helping keep our roads nice? Where the hell is all our tax money going? Taxation is theft!
How about working on getting your corrupt weasel ass out of DC.
With what money? Bless your heart, I don’t see truth in your words.
MKKKonnell, US knows you too are in with Flynn.  #TrumpRussia
#TakeAmericaBack. 
#TakeAmericaBack
#TakeAmericaBack
Please confirm Trumps nominees and get rid of the filibuster
The infrastructure that you let crumble because you were an obstructionist for 8 yrs under @POTUS44
Do you ever think about stormy and trump doing the dirty deed. Come on old man you still got it. Don’t cut yourself short. You could say that stormy slapped you also. Next Ryan would say it. Then Fox News makes it true, all republicans have been slapped. Trump innocent
Why don´t you change your account from leader to brownnoser McConnell? That would be far more accurate!
you are all  crooks. hope you are all gone soon. do something about the idiot in the white house, he is a disgrace. he is a fraud.
Rebuilding America's infrastructure suddenly doesn’t seem as critical as knowing the President has invited Putin to the White House. Russians knew it, but not the American people?  NOT that we would or do approve. Did you see and hear enough yet Senate Majority Leader?
Since when? Only thing that tub of orange goop has talked about is building his precious wall
Do your job then and pass bills that help the President do his job. The people know you have ties to China. You should be kicked out of office.
So is the wall!
Good luck #Mitch McConnell
Plenty of cuts that can be made elsewhere like supporting countries that hate us. I’d prefer our $ be spent here at home.
How Mitch, by causing property taxes to go up to pay for it? You gave all the money for roads to the wealthy and corporations.
Property taxes are levied by your State and County, not Federally imposed.
A very large (dare I day mandate) of American's want Legalize Cannabis and you offer up Hemp. You will sooner or later have to answer for ignoring the will of Americans.
I see you’ve assigned today’s Republican talking points.
When did you turn republican
Americans want out of this hellhole of a country and morals of greed. Capitalism has failed us all. No one cares about infrastructure. We know that there is a better life to live and this is not it. Americans don’t even support this government! Horrible!
Mitch, stop being the dumpsters little bitch
So whatcha building? A wall of lies and obfuscation?
Should’ve thought about that befor the 1.3 TRILLION DOLLAR DEBACLE from last week, you useless RINO!! 
Senator, I cannot trust anyone in the Senate.  You are putting us in deep “debt” not deficit spending.  You have no soul, may sons will have to pay for the consequences you will never live to see.
Why did you stand in the way in 2008? 2009? 2010? 2011? 2012? 2013? 2014? 2015? 2016?
McConnell=Lobbyist's Puppet 
GOP tax scam n record dificit is setting the path for stripping Medicare n SS. Seniors will not pick up the tab for Exxon's 6 Billion windfall n runways for private jets. Seniors GOP will take our benefits aware. Don't be fooled folks.
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #ByeByeGop2018 #BlueWaveIsComing 
#TrumpTrain crashing #AWBG8A
RINO,  we VOTERS are coming after you and Ryan for your lack of support for President Trump and this Omnibus bill!
So... it's infrastructure week again?
Old turtle still lying to America!
Term Limits get all these Old corrupt Farts out. Republicans & Democrats. Clean the Table.
This ridiculous plan Trump has will not cut it so where are you going to get the money to pay for it. You republicans have already added 3.8 trillion to our deficit.
get back to work and get all the presidents appointments confirmed. do your job and stop the dem obstruction get them through
@POTUS needs to spend some time rebuilding the infrastructure of his White house.
You will NOT raise our taxes to pay for your infrastructure. This plans calls for $200B in federal money and the rest secured from selling off infrastructure to Trump’s friends or raising state and local taxes. GO TO HELL.
What about  clean water
Are you,Ryan and John McCain for open borders. None of you seem to be doing anything about our immigration problems. You don’t do much of anything. Shame an all of you!
So true.  How about we stop wasting money on walls and fix our bridges!!!
I’m leaving the GOP. You guys are a mess.

Over 75% of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck 
Please get the Republicans together to support the President’s agenda! He was elected to do the things he’s trying to do and YOU GUYS ARE FAILING HIM AND US! Your cooperation would be greatly appreciated!
You are a swamp creature. Quit pretending to be in the presidents corner
Bahahahaha resign old man.
If McConnell had a spine he’d have gone Nuclear Option on all legislation and Trump wouldn’t need Democrats to vote for anything! Vote out McConnell!
And do what Obama did with the stimulus package?
But they're too busy with all the other scandals
I just totally crack up every time I see the word "Leader" in front of your name.
Amnesty traitor
Show us your work, so far I see a big fat zero, nada, zip, zilch. Ur too big st findings ways to take $ and benefits from ur constituents
Can you restore 14th amendment for black ppl before you rebuild the “Good Nazis” our president speaks of
Time to support our President 100%!
Bye, bye Mitch. #BlueWave2018
#treason #bribes #insidertrading #AbuseOfPower #Emoluments are coming & for Congress Senate and Donors.  @Koch_Industries #Mercers @Amway @pfizer @Merck @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan
@SenateMajLdr @RoyBlunt
@SenatorCollins
@lisamurkowski @tedlieu @EPAScottPruitt @SecretaryZinke
Could you work to stop the lies coming out of the WH?
It would be nice to see you all coalesced around the President that gave you the
House and Senate and the WH.  Trying to infiltrate your own agendas through the Presidents agenda is disheartening to say the least......
