THERE IS NO OVERREGULATIONS!!  THESE WERE ALL FOUGHT FOR TO PROTECT OUR WORLD!

Mitch McConnell's super PAC took $40,570,000 from 4 of Trump's largest donors 2015-2016 election cycle. This might factor into McConnell's decision not to #ProtectMueller. Let me be clear. Today what…
Yahoo!!
I wish I could communicate the hatred I have in my heart for you and your corrupt colleagues.  In November all of us will vote you out ... get ready.
You mean like all the regulation for clean air ..clean water.... child health.... drug industry standards......


Germane to McConnell's refusal to bring the Mueller bill to the floor, let's rewind to an Aug '17 story in which we learned McConnell's PAC received $2.5M out of a total $7.35M given to GOP campaign PACs by a Ukraine-born oligarch directly linked to Oleg Deripaska and Putin. 1/2
You are disgusting @SenateGOP 
http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-cfpb-experian-scores-20170323-story.html …

Shame on you for jeopardizing the fine work of the CONSUMER Financial PROTECTION Bureau
#CFPB 
Yeah, strip out consumer protection and let the foxes guard the hen house, @SenateMajLdr? You, sir, are no leader.
Sadly...the window for review has closed on a lot of Obmama's regs, though.  Congress should be allowed to go further back (say a decade) to find and remove overreaching/unconstitutional power grabbing rules that make our lives hell.
You need to educate yourself. Republicans are destroying the middle class and democracy. Karma
This valuable CONSUMER Financial PROTECTION Bureau #CFPB is who @SenateGOP is railing against? 

http://money.cnn.com/2018/04/19/news/companies/wells-fargo-regulators-auto-lending-fine/index.html …

You disgusting @GOP grifters are on the wrong side of everything. 
#WellsFargo

I think you should get on the Trump train don't you you and the Democrats conspire together against the American people those days are done and so are you if you don't get with the president start doing stuff
= #PutinBot
You politicians are supposed to serve, but by all means, celebrate the roll back of consumer protections.  Enjoy YOUR pension and healthcare.
Hey can you name a constituent of yours that called for this action?  I mean, an actual human individual.  Thanks!
So corporate America can take advantage of the people you are supposed to be representing. Why won’t you even look at protecting mueller. I think you need to leave along with Paul Ryan
Yep! The last person you want to protect is the consumer. Wake up! The Republican Party is a fraud!! They are for the few!

#NationalSchoolWalkout
#MarchForOurLives
@MomsDemand
@Everytown
@March4Philly
#BlackLivesMatter

Where will you be hiding today.....

7
5
C
E
N
T
S
!

This.....
What is egregious is the fact that your undoing the protections that were put in place because of the Discrimination of lenders.
10. Home & Mortgage lenders have now paid hundreds of millions of dollars in fees to African Americans with the exact same credit scores & incomes that they gave higher interest rates to than whites.…
So, you are removing more consumer protections to the benefit of corporations and banks - like Wells Fargo. More @GOP giveaways to the rich. I hope your contributors are properly thanking you for removing consumer protections. You really are worse than I imagined you would be.

Get rid of everything Obama did, he hates America as did his entire family, so get rid of everything, to bad we could not erase his entire history as President .
And now we all pay more for cars and don’t have any protection against predatory lending. Plus bankers make more money off of high interest.
Scum

@rickcatino @realDonaldTrump Yes, thank you Mitch and Senate Republicans for this rollback of Obama's overreach!  Now car dealers again have the ability to charge Black and Hispanic customers higher finance rates even though their credit scores are identical to white applicants
Is the President above the law? You sure think so.
Protect #Mueller.
You will be impeached if you continue to conspire with Trump.
I think expulsion is the correct term, when a legislators is involved.  See Article 1, Section 5.

https://www.archives.gov/founding-docs/constitution-transcript#toc-section-5--2 …
What’s in a name? Out is out
Understood.  I'm a nomenclature buff, so that part of me sometimes has to speak up.  I totally share your desire to make sure the complicit ones do not escape removal from power.
..............MAGA.........

DUMP McCONNELL

DUMP TRUMP
Liar.
I guess you call it over reach the voter's call it protections your hatred of Obama and Clinton will destroy the gop by 2020
Every inaction by Leader McConnell has a reaction:
Time to turn over the Gavel Turtle Man, you obviously can't handle the responsibility in a Bipartisan way.

Why does the GOP always choose Tax Breaks for the rich over what is best for the USA and then wrap themselves in the Flag when they get Scared?
Mitch can’t wait to give more of the middle class’s money away to the big banks and scamming credit card companies!! Where’s the bill to protect mueller frog boy?’

We don't trust you or your judgement.  You will be responsible and a co-traitor to chump if the Russia investigation is hampered.

So all you are racist huh!!!!! Statement not a question!! You reap what you sow!
Since it's clear there are people, like you, who just "live for loopholes", those regulations are needed. It's all that keeps people like you in check
@SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan - If Trump does fire Rosenstein, it's on you two feckless toady Vichy puppets. You'll both be in the history books for your spineless groveling and genuflecting while your party aided and abetted a coverup. #coverup #ProtectMueller
God please stop allowing this turkey neck bigot to breathe.
When a corrupt thing like you says 'overreach' people with eyes and ears know you're talking about rolling back protections for the people and the country. We are not as stupid as you believe, sir.

Kentucky doesn't want you or your slant eyed http://wife.You  protect the constitution like trump,not at http://all.You  and p.ryan need to quit and leave the U.S.Both of you will go down with trump.

Obama-era is a little sample of the power of real Americans. Don't you realize this was just the beginning of a new era? Justice will never be defeated by the ambition of evel individuals. Americans are waking up by the power of information.
What was that?
We couldn't hear you with all that "Koch" in your mouth.
Lying crooked republicans. Vote against all republicans in future elections. #BlueWave2018 #ComplicitGOP
Sir, why can’t we just have a fair and square midterm election? With any tomfoolery and conniving, gerrymandering, prolonged work weeks, slander, deceit... why can’t we live up to the American ideals. Are you afraid old white men couldn’t win?
And screwing the unsophisticated public again. How long until the next financial crisis when banks giving big $$ 2 legislators get 2 suck up YUGE amounts of avg Joes savings again like after 2008? Or after 2000 when wall street sucked up YUGE amounts of our retirement savings?
Another victory???

A true disgrace to the country, you will sell out the country to further your interest. I think your worse than trump!
Everything obama did was not overreach. You are a real pos for trying to undo everything helpful to the American consumer to help your millionaire class.  Stop calling yourself a leader
Yes, thanks for letting businesses screw over consumers even more! Well done!

This millionaire revealed his tax return to show just how much the GOP tax law favors the rich 
I hear they are opening a new section in Hell for @GOP Senators and Congressmen that continue to destroy the future of everyday Americans like you. Pack some ice water.
Mitch, I hope that you and your Cronies become victims of your own legislation. Maybe there will be a company that takes advantage of some Senior Citizen, soon-to-be unemployed Senators.
You're shameless and will go down as one of the most partisan and divisive senator in history.
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#TraitorMcConnell 
#CorruptGOP 
#ComplicitGOP
#ProtectMueller 
#VoteThemOut 
#DonateBlue
You're pathetic.  How do you sleep at night? On a large pile of money,  no doubt.
At least now we know where your lips went: stuck to the rump of every lobbyist who hands you a nickel
You have allowed the ruining of America. Your name will be synonymous with Trump for generations.
Your racism is overwhelming. Please have a good look at the scumbag in the mirror. You don’t deserve to be in government. What you consider “burdensome” is anything that does some good. Anything that helps real people. #BlueWaveComing2018
This is more of your bullshit! So it's okay to discriminate against minority borrowers! You traitorous asshole! You won't do anything to protect Mueller but you'll uphold this racist administration! You're a POS!
You are a corrupt pig just like your boss. You are trying to gut America and obstructing justice by not letting vote go through to protect Mueller investigations and will regret it!! You deserve to be fired!!
That’s insane. We want consumer protections!  Egregious overreach was when you “led” the senate to not even hold hearings for Merrill Garland. 
Another victory for Charles and David Koch!
I am a Kansas Republican and will remember @JerryMoran at the polls. #VoteThemOut
You will go down in history as being one of the worst senate majority leaders ever.  No conscience, no heart, no soul
And screwing over poor Americans once again.
There will come a time when you will be dead and no one will ever recall what a wart you were in American society. Obama however will always be remembered.
Lol leader McConnell? Insecure much?
You’re delusional
You're old and ugly
Thanks to your rollbacks in regulations you are killing us in Utah.
It would be nice to see you rolled back out of the Senate
That's right, a*hole. Dealers should be able to charge brown people extra for being brown.
Overreach you say.
Repugs under The Trump Administration.
There is no good in none of you!!!
You all suck. So much. All of the time.
What took you so long?
You people are pathetic!
Yeah, so if you’re a minority citizen, auto financiers may raise your interest rates at time of purchase or refi with no condemnation. GOP is continuing to erase consumer protections.
You’re the worst.
Way to go Mitch...freeing up your millionaire buddies to make even more money next year! Congratulations on failing the American people.  Way to look out only for the rich and powerful. We're sure to remember exactly what you stand for when we go to the voting booth in Nov.
Do you even listen to yourself?  Do you stand in front of the mirror and practice being a Bond villain?  Were you “that kid” in school, the one that liked to throw rocks at small animals?  I think everyone knows the answers...
Can’t wait until you are history. Not too much longer. You put the nail in the republican coffin AND you are a coward of the highest order.
Your such a waste of time and space. 

You will be ousted with the rest of the  @GOP

#WednesdayWisdom
#TheResistance
Since when is consumer protection a bad thing?
President Obama is a much better person than you will ever be
What a shame! You are just out to line you pockets and don’t care about the American people. Shame on you mr turtle
It is pretty horrible when the Congress if this United States endorses ripping people off because of the color of their skin
That's a falsehood. Seek facts and don't be a sheep like a lot of others.
Really?   You guys bringing back Polio next??
Egregious OVER-STEP?

Let's talk about that.

U say u r giving Prez Trump GREEN-LIGHT to fire Mueller.

I'm sorry, who r u? God?

U r below the Prez. U lack authority to greenlight.

U presume, sir. Don't.

We the People didn't vote 4 u.

U should've protected the Prez long ago.
Got get em obstructionist. Run our country into the ground
The CFPB was created, without congressional oversight as a front for Dem money-gathering and funneling to leftist organizations. @MickMulvaneyOMB had called for shutting it down...before he took charge. Why is it still operating? When will you repeal ObamaCare like you promised?
May the blue wave take your position and/or seat

another victory in your congress's record of siding with big business and the wealthy
You guys realize the incredibly bad optics of your party voting in favor of the *least* trusted professions in the US according to Gallup?

Citation: http://news.gallup.com/poll/1654/honesty-ethics-professions.aspx …
Pro tip: Waving a cross and flag may work with your brainwashed mouth breathing, @FoxNews-watching base, but your votes to harm people are punching your way to an express ticket to hell.

#CounterfeitChristian
Vote on the bill to protect Mueller you twat.
Why don't you and the other Republicans just announce that you hate black people and democracy and that you are loyal to Trump instead of the Constitution so we can stop pretending you have an ounce of decency or integrity left?
So Mitch (@SenateMajLdr ) you think discrimination in auto lending is OK? When lenders charge extra foe auto loans to people of color, you are OK with that? 
Maybe it is time you retire.
Discrimination 🖑
#GETTHEMALLCONFIRMED Go #NUCLEROPTION



#Traitor it is obvious now

#Republicanbullshit.
#GOPTaxBillScam #CorkerKickback
It seems to me that the American people would be better served by putting some of the old coots such as yourself on the chopping block. We need term limits on racist, unkind greedy politicians beholden to corporations and not their constituents.
This is where the party ends 'cause I can't stand here listening to you & your racist friend. ~~ TMBG & me   Protecting Americans from racist practices is not overreach; it's what government does.
By you putting Trump above the law makes me think that you think you are above the law as well. Makes me think that you don’t want Mueller protected from Trump firing him because you yourself have something to hide.
You are a horrible human being.
All due respect sir, I would not smile in your profile pictures.  It makes your words and tweets all a joke even more than they already are.
@YesYoureRacist, @SenateMajLdr.




And who wil be protecting the interest of the Consumers?

How do you dare talk about overreach? Lets talk about conflict of interest with your wife working for Trump and you protecting him and 
Obstructing justice.
Today the Senate endorsed discrimination.  And you brag.  #CorruptGOP #BlueWave2018
Not overregulation
TRAITOR
Protect Mueller!
Crying McConell, Enjoy your day in the sun!  When you and your corrupt party (GOP) get dragged crying to the woodshed this fall, it will be time to fix (undo) the damage you have done.  You spent 8 years blocking as opposed to working with the dems... If only you put America 1st!
#ProtectMueller 
#ProtectMueller 
#ProtectMueller 
#ProtectMueller 
#ProtectMueller
Every positive thing President Obama did is what all of you are rolling back simply because you are bigots.  He was smarter than you, and he had so much grace.  You all are like a pack of wild dogs on a piece of meat.  No confidence in you or the rest of the #corruptGOP
Yeah I always hear how we are protecting regular consumers too much and the big banks are struggling.
Protecting consumers ... what a "crime."
Helping your donors to get away with it: the #GOP way.
You don’t care if the rest of us get cancer due to your deregulations, because it look like you’ll be croaking real soon! Explain that to your grandkids! SOB!
Talking of overreach you might want to consider what that would be dictator drumpf has done and your complicity in enabling him. History will remember the constitutional crisis YOU have created.
You live in an alternate universe old man where lies and ignorance runs rampant. Go home
Eat shit.
Record? Your record is trash my dude
Calling bull. Protecting corporate donors over the protection of consumers. We will remember in November @SenateGOP .
Why do you feel it necessary to dismantle everything that President Obama and his administration did?  Does that make you proud? You and your party of fools are on the way out old man.
More BS from u and your cronies . Bye bye #voteDemocratic2018 and 2020
"Rolling back" to the way it used to be?  Jim crow is alive still, but will be voted out.
Regulation serves the common man, Mitch.
Ugh. Stupid. Also pass a bill to protect Mueller. That idiot you support in the White House needs restraining. The American people know this is not normal even if Congress cannot see it.
You're destroying this country.
Always repeating yourself. 

#scenescentMitch
When history of this era is written, Mitch McConnell will be understood as one of the great villains of our time...boundless cynicism,  willingness to shatter norms, walk over any precedent, & twist  rules to retain power! Shameful!
At thus rate we will be back in a recession in no time. Can not wait until November #Bluewave2018
Who needs consumer protection anyway right Mitch? Can't wait to see you flogged by history for the slimy worm you are.
I’ll reference this tweet when the market crashes again, you greedy, selfish, petty, old man. @SenToomey, don’t announce that you are retiring. Dreaming of getting you out of office is what gets me up in the morning. Thanks
If you want to roll back, get rid of your tax scam. The CFPB is helping consumers.  Your tax break for millionaires is going to bankrupt our country now.
NOTHING VICTORIOUS ABOUT THE REPUBLICANS CANT WAIT TO VOTE BLUE
You are just a small small person
What about the 15th and 19th amendments @SenateMajLdr overregulation there too? And maybe the 24th too?
Setting us up for another financial crisis so you and your rich banker friends can get richer and the expense of your opioid fueled constituents.

Good work.

BTW, how the FUCK do you sleep at night?
As long as the quarterly bonus checks keep rolling in for the 1%, keep selling out Amerika, Weasel Mitch.
Shitbird.
So...less protection for citizens?
Rest assured. Voters will remember in November.
You will understand rolling back very soon, Senator. When you are Minority Leader again, you can observe as we roll back all of the disgraceful things you have enabled. Then sit and color until you are removed from office. ENOUGH!
Go F--- your self
Still bothered by President Obama guess when you think about it you will never achieve that type of success. Jealousy is the ugliest thing.

Mitch must be going to invest in the newly de-regulated financial institutions. They can again cheat consumer without consequence!! One of the wealthy without ethics & morals! Obsessed with power-do anything to keep it! Enabling tyrant Trump.
Yes - thank goodness car loan providers can go back to discriminating against minorities by charging higher interest rates again! That darn government overreach protecting minorities from discrimination really needed to be rectified.
@SenateMajLdr stupid people were created so you would have people that cared about what you think! The #GOP killed glass/steagal and the 2008 crash happened. You're gonna kill the cfpb so we can #suffer another raping of the #lower 50% of #earners You're a PUTZ!
One man’s over regulation is another man’s protection from abuses.  Let’s get better men and women running the government and get rid of those ruining it.
Its time for you to BUILD WALL and change the images tin laws. Go nuke vote  this is front and center why we voted you guys in we are sick and tired of cowardice from Repubs
It's an overreach until you become black and try to purchase a car even with good credit...hmmmm!
Traitor McConnell. Resign!
